1	DEFINITELY AVOID!!!! WORSE TANNING SALON IN CHAMPAIGN. My wife and I stopped by to see about a membership for her. After a big winter storm, they only plowed one of the two lanes in front of their shop, and the employees decided that it would be smart to park in the single lane, making it impassable. We pulled up, my wife went inside to ask about memberships, I stayed in the car, another customer parked their car right behind us, and ran inside for a tan. We asked the girls to contact the customer so that we could get out, and they just told us that she was in the process of tanning. Trapped between parked cars on their single plowed lane (which should have had the two lanes plowed), we then tried to get around the parked cars, and got stuck. Instead of helping us get out, the lobster-red employees just sat inside and watched. Any responsible manager would have not allowed customers or employees block the front driveway until they plowed the other lane, or unless they stayed in their car in case it had to be moved.   After digging, we got out, and went to CLASSIC TAN instead. The price was much better then the tan co., and the girls working the desk had more brains and responsibility.
1	I joined the tan company  in Champaign couple of years ago because I wanted to clear of my Psoriasis. I wanted to go there for a while until I cleared up my skin I really enjoyed being there. Nothing was wrong until I decided to freeze my account my card expired and was not aware of it or just forgot. The tan company in Champaign never contacted me about the issue. If they told me right then I would of taken care of the issue. The owner of the tan company never contacted me and start charging me in 2012 around November late charges I was not aware of it.  In the last week I try to come back to them now their telling me I owe them $260.00 . I have not used their services since now I cant join until I pay the full amount. I even went inside to talk to the owner she refuses to work with me, I am willing to pay the amount the account been frozen and some late fees. Its not my fault they never contacted me. I even try to call the corporate office they called me once. They said they would get back with me with this issue and never contacted me since.  they treated me pretty crappy I wont longer go back ever one of the worst customer service ever! I will find a new place to go to who will treat me right!
1	Do NOT come here! It is a complete scam. I signed up for a tanning membership and when my credit card was stolen and I had to get a new one I was charged 100.00 for having issues with my account. No one notified me of this, no one gave have me a copy of the contract. I only found out because I came in to tan. It is a rip off. The beds are disgusting. The staff is rude. STAY AWAY!!!
1	I would not suggest coming here to anyone. One of the wost salons I've ever tanned at. The staff was absolutely rude, and if they weren't pushing lotions or packages on you then they were either on their phones or coming to check me in smelling like cigarettes. I have asked to speak to the manager of the salon multiple times about a problem with my account and have never once heard back from her. The last time I tanned, there were dogs in the salon barking the entire 20 minutes of my tan. Not something you can really relax to. The prices are not worth it for the packages they offer with their beds. It's either you sign up for their monthly membership or you're stuck paying 100s of dollars a month. I will definitely be trying out other salons in Champaign and would not recommend this place to anyone.
