4	Friendly staff, nice decor for the area, prices are just "ok",. The only complaint isNeither myself or my friend liked the coleslaw and couldn't finish eating it . New place so it might take time to work out the kinks.
5	LW's Hideaway is your local waterhole.... Everything on the menu is to die for.  The staff is friendly and the service is outstanding!!!!  If you want a place to bring your family or just go out with friends this is the place. The bartender Melissa is a pro at what she does and will make your experience exceptional. Tonya the server is a nice gal with a great sense of humor! I had a great time there this week and will have many more to come.
5	Went up there on a Sunday to grab a quick bite to eat. The game was playing, the environment was great. The food I ordered was past my expectations. It's all around just a great place to go with the family or to just swing by and have a few.
4	A fine addition to North Peoria!  Went there for dinner - two ordered the "asian" slamon, one ordered chicken cordon bleu (house version) and I ordered the ribs.  All four said very, very good.  Only neg - poor cole slaw, a vinegar/sugar style and way too sweet. Beer was excellent, drinks were very well poured.Now serving breakfast on Sat and Sun and the menu looks yum.  Very cordial waitstaff.Oh, the comment on pub grub.  Ribeye, cordon bleu, two versions of salmon (one a special tonight), creme brulee and carrot cake both homemade, smoked St. Louis ribs.......pretty fine pub grub!And on a Tuesday night, a very good crowd - you might want to check reservations on a weekend.
4	Nice to have a local joint like LW's. Burgers are very good. Salad was fresh mixed greens (not iceburg lettuce). Flourless chocolate cake is delicious.
1	Live close by and have given them 4 chances, each time we've walked away disappointed.  It's bar food, plain and simple.  One of the 4 times we stopped for a beer and their "Super Nachos"...I could have done better at Circle K, as the cheese was the type that comes out of a pump.The last time we were there, I ordered the "Cobb Salad", they couldn't even do THAT right.  And the blue cheese dressing had a taste of vinegar.  I asked the waitress, she said it was "creamy blue cheese".I hope they get it right soon....would love to have a place close to home...in the meantime, I'll dine elsewhere.
4	funny, but my earlier review has been deleted..........
5	Good food, great atmosphere especially if you live in the neighborhood.  Fun walking up or riding your ATV to hang with friends.
4	Was looking for a new breakfast place because The Good Egg just isn't cutting it anymore. Have driven past this little place tons of time never considered stopping till I found it listed here on Yelp.Excellent menu. Great service. The food is incredible! Got the Frosted Flakes crusted French Toast. (yes, it is as absurd as it sounds.)Here's my new breakfast place near home!
5	Great prices on food and drinks. They have a lot of specialty drinks that were all very good. I especially like the salted caramel drink. They have unique takes on traditional bar food. We ordered the  cheesesteak sandwich, which was hot and very flavorful. The spinach artichoke dip did not really have much artichoke, but was good and had a bit of a kick. We also ordered the brownie, which was awesome. It would have been perfect if it had a better quality ice cream served with it. We sat outside and watched the sun go down over the mountains.
4	This place is a nice local restaurant! My husband and I went here for the first time for dinner. Happy hour is from 3 to 7, very generous! They had a good selection of beer and other drinks and wines. We sat outside on the patio out front. It was very pleasant. The food was very good, I have to say I was surprised! My husband had the ribeye and I had the ribs. Both were delicious. We had the Sweet Corn Nuggets for an appetizer - yummy! I didn't give it 5 stars because the service was a little slow. But, the food and drinks were worth the wait. They had other servers coming around and asking if we needed anything. The owner came by with a desert tray and tried to tempt us, but we were stuffed! A new favorite place, will definitely come back, and soon too.Can't wait to try the breakfasts on Saturday and Sunday.
3	Underwhelming. This may not be the right word to describe my experience at LW's, but it's the first word that comes to mind.My family and I came for breakfast on a fairly busy Sunday morning. The restaurant was at about 2/3 capacity at the time we arrived. There was a table of two ahead of us. Tables were visibly cleared and ready for service, but there was still a 15 minute wait. I understand staggering tables to avoid overloading the kitchen, but at the very least, we could have been sat.After we were sat, it took a good 10 minutes for our server to stop by our table. There also seemed to be a little confusion internally about who out server was. We had two servers arrive at our table at the exact same time. One of them bowed out and we placed our drink and food orders at the same time.The food arrived in a timely manner. Everything was hot, prepared fresh, and presented appropriately for a restaurant of this type. The overall food quality was very average and not very well seasoned. I believe this may be intentional, due to the fair amount of Sun City residents that dine here. Chicken Fried Steak:Average quality. Very heavy, flavorless breading. Standard frozen CFS product. The gravy lacked salt and the biscuits were average quality thaw and serve biscuits. The potatoes were a big let down for me. The cut on the potatoes was unique. They were neither a hash brown nor a country-style potato. More of a rectangle shaving of potato. Unfortunately, they were only about half cooked (still partially crunchy) and lacked any sort of seasoning.Overall:The service was slow and the food was mediocre. For what came out to $15.00 per person for breakfast, it was very underwhelming. I am glad to see another non-chain dining option in the NW Valley, but do not know if we will be back.
4	Yum! First time having breakfast here. Great menu with combination of upscale dishes and standards. Large portions. Awesome porch. Bar service. Love how they converted this area landmark. Good happy hour. Solid food and service. So happy to have this restaurant/bar in this area!
5	We've driven past this place tons of times.  It's always packed so we tried it out this morning and it was AMAZING!  We were greeted and seated instantly, had a phenomenal wait person.  The food was excellent - sweet potato pancakes were stellar. Nothing but awesome all around!!The funky deco - lots of animal heads - adds to the fun here.
5	We have been here two times now.  The food was great and the service right on....It is so nice to have a nice place to go right in the neighborhood.  We have had the pasta, ribs, pulled pork and a chicken sandwich...They were all good.  Large portions so ended up taking some home.Both times our waiter knew the menu, and told us about the specials....  Spot on.....I love the decor...you feel so comfy and right at home...The place is spotless.The first time we were there we had a flat tire when we went to our car.  The owner was wonderful...After a long long wait for AAA she offered to take us home.  Finally two of the guys on her staff changed it for us...Above and beyond the scope of their duties.
5	much improved!  at first I did not think they would survive, but they've turned the corner and have great food now!
4	Love this place.  Close, local and cheap.  Great food.  I think they have turned over the chef a few times, but the food is still great.    Stop by and patronize local businesses!!
5	We have eaten here several times now. Great place. Food is always good. The deserts are to die for. You can't go wrong with any of them. The ding ding cake is unbelievable. All the deserts are home made. Be sure to read the backs of all the t-shirts the staff wears.
5	I have been there several times in the past two months.   Never a regret!!   The service is fast and friendly, and the food is always great.  I have been there for breakfast, lunch and dinner and have tried several menu and daily specials.   This past Saturday's Frittata was especially delicious.   We plan on returning again this week.
4	I have several favorite breakfast restaurants i go to often. Every once in a while you just want to go somewhere else. Opened up Yelp this morning and started looking. LW's was a drive but looked interesting. My wife likes cinnamon french toast and they had a different take on french toast. Surprise, surprise, when we got there I saw a very familiar building. Campbell's, I had stopped here many times years ago on my way to the lake and my children had spent hours here as this was the only place open late. Now it is LW's. Waitress said it changed names about 1 and a half years ago.Basically a square two story building with the restaurant in the bottom. There is plenty of seating inside and outside, weather permitting and this time of year it would be a nice place to eat. Nothing fancy, wood floors, I believe it would call the decor rustic. (thats what my wife said)My wife liked the french toast and I also had a piece. It was good. I had my standard, 2 eggs over easy. I was surprised when they actually came to me over easy. Most places serve them over medium or over well. I enjoyed my eggs. The hash browns had a new flavor to them I could not identify. They were excellent. Only down for the meal was they forgot to bring my toast. I really did not need it but I did expect it to come with the meal. Instead when I mentioned it, it was delivered immediately. Meaning it was the piece I ordered but was now hard and cold. Even with that I gave them 4 stars as everyone was exceptionally friendly and helpful. As for returning I will but it will be because I am in the area. Just to far to travel for breakfast. Go see them I think you will enjoy.
2	Hit or miss here. They get a 3 star because half the time the food is good, half the time it sucks, and twice it has actually been inedible. I've had the pork ribs. 8/10 times they have been really good. Note that the sides suck. They are bland and flavorless. The mash potatoes and gravy have NO flavor, and the macaroni and cheese doesn't either. One time we ate here the ribs were completely inedible. The manager and waiter that night were very gracious, and refunded one of the meals and gave us a free desert. (I had chewed through the ribs, which were tough and awful).However, we went there and ordered the chicken special, which had been smoked, and it was absolutely inedible. It tasted like eating some kind of fuel. Taste the fuel not the food? I thought that slogan was supposed to be the other way around! This time the manager was not apologetic. It was a different manager, and she actually got defensive with little quips like "Well we are really busy." OK.... didn't offer to comp our horrible chicken dinners. She admitted we were the only ones to order them that night. Each person in our party complained and said they were inedible. Bad customer service lady....Their bar is equally hit-or-miss. It is really good (if a guy named Tim is bar tending), or is is absolutely abominable. Tim makes great drinks, and the other bartenders don't know what the heck they are doing and you will get some terrible version of your favorite cocktail. I ordered a very standard cocktail last time (Tom Collins), and the poor waitress looked at me like "what's that?".If Tim is not bar tending, just suck it up and get a beer. It's not worth the gamble!This place needs to learn a thing or two about constancy. I am afraid to go back because I know there is a 50/50 change I will have a good experience. For the most part, every waiter or waitress has been extremely friendly and overly nice. That is the best part about this joint. I can't give them a 1-star because they are an independent business, and not a chain. A rare find in suburban Peoria. But their food is all that pre-packaded production grub that comes from food service companies. It is a line kitchen... so no true chef or wizardry is occuring, its just the last stop food makes in the mega-food-production chain before your toilet. If you don't know what I am talking about, read a Michael Pollan book about where your food comes from.
3	I was curious about this place since we moved here.  We stopped in on a weeknight around 8 pm and we were pleasantly surprised; judging by the exterior you'd guess it is a biker bar, probably smelly and dingy - but it was actually comfortable and pleasant.  Family friendly too - they even offer a very long breakfast on weekends.  It's very small though, not much seating at the bar, and the rest of the restaurant feels more like a homegrown Denny's.  The service was great, and we would have happily stayed later but unfortunately the place cleared out and they closed very early... I will probably stop in again on the weekend!  Inexpensive drinks and nice people.
3	This was our first time here. I would have given this a much better rating if we were not waiting for so long when there was several empty tables that just weren't being cleared off. I don't think they had enough servers. The food was really good and the price was great. I had the frosted flakes French toast and they were grrrrreat just as they claimed. My kids had omelette and beef with green chili enchiladas. They were impressed with the food. My husband wasn't too impressed with pancakes. Felt they were dry. The atmosphere is super local-feeling. It's casual and welcoming. We will come again to see if next experience is better. Perhaps this was a fluke day. Service was ok. A little slow but like I said, they may have been short staffed.
5	Excellent breakfast with delicious spins on country breakfast items. I had the Ranchhands Benedict and it was incredible. the corn beef hash was amazing and I will use this as a basis for good cornbeef hash for now on. it was served on cornbread, which was fantastic. The chicken fried steak was tender and perfectly crispy. Will definitely come back again for breakfast, lunch, and dinner!
4	Man, thank G this place opened.  No comments this time, but we've been her 6-9 times (we can't agree) in the last couple of months and we're almost never disappointed.Still poor cole slaw!!!!!
1	Just not goodOverpriced juice prices and not good foodAlso very strange to be under a real estate officeThe service was very sub parMaybe they should get rid if the gasStation sign and covers
1	absolutely horrible prices. 2 eggs biscuits and gravy hashbrowns, bacon and coffee $14.73you gotta be kidding. eggs overcooked ridiculous hash browns, burnt coffee ( dont even bring spoon, swizzle straw from bar). water tasted like it came out of rusty pipes, gravy had horrible tase like they made it with sage or rosemary.bacon cold and limp never offered refill on coffee. wont return. can get better elsewhere and a lot less  $
2	It's a biker bar.  Drunk biker girl had to be hauled off, she should have been cut off much earlier.   Do not recommend if you want a quiet lunch.Seating uncomfortable, decent food, chilli did not have any flavor, pulled pork sandwich was tastey, but the bread was soggy.  The cornbread was awesome, beer was cold.The server, Adrian, was excellent.
3	OK place,  was overpriced and small portions,  not much more to say
4	I've been here 5 or 6 times and always for lunch. I've ordered different things each time and I have to say I've always been pleased. The food is decent, the prices are reasonable and the service has been excellent every time. This is a wonderful place to meet friends for a casual meal! I'll be back again and again!
3	After several visits now, I'd honestly say I like this establishment, but I am leery about the true food quality- as in the sourcing.  Don't get me wrong, it does taste fine, but any food can taste fine and still be of poor quality.  In short, I would prefer a restaurant be proud to mention where they source their food from, especially their meat.I labored too much over giving the 4th star here.  Partly, because I am hopeful, but also because the service has been pretty good but not exceptional.  Had to help myself to some table items when the place was new, but I won't let that cloud otherwise pretty good table-side manners.  I still suspect rather ordinary food (canned/frozen) but since I can't see it...Took out of town family in for burgers on one visit- one commented on it being the best burger he'd tasted in a long time and wanted to ship one back home to enjoy once he got back!Inside, I love the feel.  the large dining room flows nicely from a family area, to casual dining, to pub-side, and then even a spot or two that are more intimate.  It seems strange, but it works.  A corner bar completes the happening hodge-podge.As an area "native", I couldn't bear the thought of the old Campbell Mercantile building not being a part of the landscape.  For that, I hope this place enjoys a long, successful run.But seriously...let's work on the food sourcing...
5	Stopped by Friday for breakfast.. Love this place great people here! great beers with growler fills and a great to go selection.  Thanks for making us feel right at home.
4	OK, this is my last update.  Took two other couples there last night.  Everyone said yes, they'd go back.  Food was very good. Service was fine.  What a great neighborhood place!Oh, yeah, the cole slaw is still bad!
5	Well, maybe just one more.Breakfast! (Fri, Sat and Sun only)Homemade, on the spot, corned beef hash!  And they can leave out the potatos!Try an omelet and ask for hollandaise sauce on top!Big, tall Bloody Mary.Absolutely 5 star for breakfast...and it's still a casual, friendly, neighborhood type place!
5	Our favorite local joint. Amongst all the chain restaurants that are in this area it is great to have a local bar and grill with surprisingly awesome food! Great service to go along with it. Make sure to try the Pig Wings!
5	Went here this morning with my wife --- at first we were skeptical because it wasn't very appealing when we walked in (still looked like the Campbell's market inside...minor remodel). But after meeting the friendly staff and served promptly, our experience started turning around. My wife ordered the frosted flakes encrusted French toast (AMAZING!!!). I ordered the burrito with chicken fried steak, eggs, cheese, potatoes, & smothered with gravy. It was delicious ... Definitely will return back and refer to friends and family.
4	Great place for breakfast! the decor is very cool and love that you can eat inside or out.
5	The food is great, very good size portions. The service is good, I got the bacon wrapped chicken and my wife chose the caujan shrimp! We will be coming back!!Also, there is a buy one meal and get one free in the Savvy Shopper, look for it cause we only paid 25 for all that food, including the cobbler!!!
4	Great Fritata.  Great Chicken Fried Steak.  Although I read of someone having a bad time with the Bloody Marry, mine was great.
5	Tasty food! just moved into the neighborhood we have been there a few times the service the food everything was top notch. it's a little old wood building that even has a real estate office upstairs just a lot of locals.
3	Kind of a cool setting but not to much that was truly special in regard to the bar area. They service was "ok" and the beer was beer. I don't there is something about watching the bartender drink more then me that was a little bit of a turn off.
4	Great spot. Good food. Friendly staff. Enjoyed my first visit this morning for breakfast. Will definitely be back.
4	Friendly local spot with good food every night of the week.  They did a great job with the inside.
5	Great little spot to grab lunch or dinner. They have good size portions at a good price. Can't go wrong for a small place in the middle of no  where.
4	Long needed west side breakfast joint...just wish I had done it first eggs sausage yum. Bloody Mary's were just ok. That's why it only gets 4 stars
1	Used to love this place, until the manager ruined it... TERRIBLE food, EVEN WORSE service, and a manager that acts like you insulted her personally (and TAKES it personally) if you complain... After you've waited 20minutes for the mayo that they forgot on your sandwich... AFTER YOUVE ASKED 3 times lol... Just don't TELL them you've had bad service.
1	Hair found in food. Disgusting. I heard the kitchen manager drops food etc. I guess is true. Will never return.
1	The location is great, the ambiance , esp. on patio, is nice ---- excellent view.  But the breakfast, from my point of view, not so good.  I ordered the quiche and couldn't eat it --- too done, and dry.  In their defense, they didn't charge me, but I wouldn't try it again.  However, the rest of the people I was with said their breakfast was okay (burritos, hash, scrambled eggs) .  So that makes me want to try again here.  Maybe lunch or dinner the next time?
4	Stopped by for breakfast with family and in-laws.  A good down home country-style breakfast.  I had the Eggs Benedict and my daughter had French Toast.   Expect a unique twist to traditional favorites.Informal atmosphere with indoor/outdoor seating.  Plenty of TVs that become popular when the bar scene begins to arrive later in the day.If you're looking for something a little different than the chains come here and come early to escape the crowds.
1	Hello-The Good-This is a great place to have and drink and unwind. The western atmosphere is casual and comfortable. The Bad- My husband and I ordered the baby back ribs and they were so tough we couldn't cut through them!! $22.00 bucks for bad food. The waitress didn't even come back to ask how the food was. We had to ask for silverware so we could eat. We ordered drinks and they never showed up.  Soooo do not order the ribs or expect good service at LW's Hide-A-Way.
