2	I've been to a few medical weight loss clinics in town & this one is pretty much typical! They offer HCG, pills & Super Shots all I can say is they are not very informative so if your a new person to the medical weight loss world this is probally not a good place for you to go...... Definitely not gonna get anyone that is going to answer them here! I choose not to do the HCG here I had done it in the past twice lost tons of weight on it but gained all back! I also never got a true price, they do have someone that prepares the food for you, but it's pretty costly for that alone so I felt they just walked out the room when I said I was not going to sign up and stopped reviewing any other options! I'm big on customer care and in this economy where we should be thankful to have a job at all they defiantly are lacking in this dept! I did do the fat burner b12 shots or the super shots, just because I got a coupon online and they where definitely the least expensive I've found in town!
5	I LOVE this place!  I take B-12 shots from a different local Dr. and decided to buy this deal.  It's clean, the people are super friendly and the shot seemed to work better.
5	Not sure what to say other than I lost 52lbs in the 3 months leading up to my 36th birthday (and only lost 0.5lbs of lean mass!). That in itself is 5 stars.I appreciated that the team took a no-nonsense and direct approach with me. Of course, I already knew the "calories in must be less than calories out" score... but Mike and Jon did a great job of laying out the program and making sure I stuck with it. I would call their service high touch and high quality. The meals were far better than I expected... and cheaper (considering the restaurant quality).I'm eager to try out some of their other services and see how far I can take this new healthy outlook. All in all, it was kind of a life changing experience (and I'm not being dramatic about it!)
5	I have been using the different services from TrimBody MD now for about 3 months, and I am very happy with everything. My boyfriend and I both did the HCG diet program with the meal delivery service. It was difficult at times, but when you follow the guidelines, it absolutely 100% works. He lost about 20 lbs and I lost about 10 lbs (which was my goal weight!). My lean muscle mass to body fat ratio is so much higher as well, lost a lot of fat and gained a lot of muscle. We have both been able to keep pretty much all of the weight off that we lost, which I was very afraid would happen from hearing other people's experiences with HCG diets. I have every intention of doing another round of HCG in the next few months as well to really increase my muscle mass and get rid of as much fat as possible. Now I am doing the Super Shot program, and I'm very pleased with that as well. I am getting biotin injections along with that because I have been having the hardest time growing my hair long over the past few years. My hairdresser said she thought my hair is growing out at about double the rate it was before!! I'm very excited about that! The staff is great also, very friendly and accommodating. They all even remember my name when I come in! All in all, I am extremely pleased with my experiences at TrimBody and I will continue to be a client of theirs for as long as I am in Las Vegas.
5	The combination of the HCG program and the support provided by the folks at TrimBodyMD helped me lose 37 pounds in just under 8 weeks. I started the program mid-March and finished in Mid-May. As I approach 90 days after the diet I have to say that I have been able to maintain my new weight fairly easily. I get full relatively quickly and I don't have to be very strict in my food selection. I did the food delivery option and was very happy with it. The food was really good and the fact that it was all taken care of made it that much easier. I really didn't have an excuse because the food was always pre-measured to be the right portion and at the same time provided all of the nutrients in the right proportions to help power my weight loss. The diet initially scared me off because of I really like to eat and the thought of having so few calories a day made me worry. Those worries were soon calmed after Jon convinced me to just give it my best for 7 days. In the first 7 days I wasn't hungry and I had lost 6lbs.  Those kind of results really got the momentum going and I didn't really look back from there. Throughout the diet I had great energy levels and learned that I LOVE fresh fruit. Also to note, I had to travel a few times when I was on the diet and with the right coaching on how to approach my meals, I was able to maintain my weight loss trajectory even while on a cruise. If you can lose weight on a cruise with all of that tempting food around you can lose weight anywhere, no excuses.I have been over-weight for at least 30 of my 37 years. I have tried every diet you can think of and have over time had different results, but none that have been as effective and efficient as this program.  The only other time in my life that I have been even close to where I am at now was a couple of years ago leading up to my 35th birthday. I was able to get loose weight and get in shape, but I was exhausted. It was probably because I was eating the wrong things and I was running 25 miles/week.  During my TrimBodyMD program I did exercise a couple of times a week, but really nothing too intense per the advice of my TrimBodyMD coach, Mike. The coaching and support made all of the difference. The team at TrimBodyMD reached out to me via text and email to encourage me and as how I was doing. Knowing that I wasn't alone and that answers to my many many many questions was just a call away made me feel confident that I could really do this.I don't know what to say other than it worked for me. It worked because I committed myself to giving it a chance to work for the first week and then the results and the motivation that came from those results powered me through. If you give it a week or 10 days you will probably have similar results. This is a zero cheat diet. If you are not committed to losing weight, you will cheat yourself and it will not work, period.Overall the experience has been awesome. My co-workers and friends have been astounded by how different I look after having lost so much weight. I feel really great about having done the program and I am so stoked that even after 90 days I have been able to keep the weight off.
5	Bottom Line! I loss 42 pounds as promised. I'm going over 1.5 months off the diet TrimBody put together and haven't gain more then 2 lb. at the most, mainly caused by a week of eating terribly.  If you do it, don't cook your own food. Order it from their service. It helped me stay on track!
1	Waste of money!  Had a great salesman on the phone who sold me into everything I would get....I asked very specific questions to make sure I was picking a place to fit my needs.  They have fancy machines but are completely unhelpful.  I give them a ZERO out of 5.
3	I am not sure I should be writing my review at this point but maybe I'm here for some additional interaction with others on this and will post an update as time goes by.I started out with the super shots from a groupon. I added on the mic(spelling) which is suppose to be a fat burner and I didn't lose any weight, if anything I gained and its been sort of depressing.So I decided that I wanted to get even more serious about this, so I just started the hCG. I feel like maybe I should have done a little more research on the shots because it seems like now that I am taking the shots (after already having taken the sub lingual stuff I got from a store in KS) I see articles everywhere where there is just no documented evidence that these shots work and I have spent 700 on these now :-(I am about to go in for my one week checkup to discuss needing to get a script for taking them out of town with me on the plane I having lost anything and I would have to say I'm pretty cranky and miserable from not eating anything these past few days. I guess I really wanted this to work but I am feeling rather dumb for spending so much money on these shots and they aren't working for me at this point.
1	Didn't have the best experience... really wanted to... people seemed nice and wanting to help but as I got into the program the "support" i needed just wasn't there... pretty much "follow the plan and it will work"... but it didn't.  Started with Groupon super shot program - lost nothing.  Then went for the HCG... hungry all the time so they recommended an over the counter diet aid in addition.  Lost a bit of weight but then gained back :(  Just lost a lot of money :(
1	terrible, uneducated, dishonest.....a complete waste of time!!! dont do it!!!
5	The staff was courteous, professional & friendly. They were also knowledgeable, & wiling to answer my many questions.I'"d definitely refer someone.I already bought  a "shot"pkg for my son.
1	Horrible customer service. I had the 1st appointment of the day a week in advance and they waited to tell me when I got there that they had ran out of the shots in the clinic and given my shots to a walk-in customer right before me. Then had asked me to try back later on in the day. Whats the point of making an appointment if youre going to waste my time by giving away my shots to a walk-in??? I noticed no results, over the course of 2 weeks. Save your money and find a more reputable clinic with staff that know how to operate a business.
2	I bought the deal from groupon for the 4 weeks of super shots.  They were pretty nice there but I didn't loose any weight and didn't really feel more energetic.  At the end of the 4 weeks, they ran my body test again but didn't go over it with me or anything.  So, I don't really understand why they even did it.  I know they have lots of weight loss things that you can add on and do like HCG.  I didn't purchase any of the additional products because they are a little pricey.  They do get you in really fast when you are there so you don't have to wait around.
5	Everyone was very helpful and informative.
2	I bought a deal on living social for 3 months of the super shot,updates on your vitals; a full analysis of your progress; and a customized meal and fitness plan. I also bought the same deal for my boyfriend. We have had 2 weeks of shots so far, so my review is based on that.The girls who work upfront and who give you the shots they are friendly & professional. I did not have a good experiance with Jeff the dietition, he was nice and talked to us about why we were getting the shots and what our goals were. Then he tried to sell us HCG, while that would be great we are both working and going to school, which we explained to him. After we declined the HCG he left and we haven't seen him since. On our way out the girl upfront gave us a copy of the Paleo paln and make out next weeks appoitment. We went for out 2nd set of shots and we got shots and weighed in and set up for another appoitment. That was it. we asked to speak with Jeff as he was supposed to our dietition and we hadn't talked about a fitness plan or really a diet plan either. The young lady went to find him and came back and said he was with a client and would be a while we should just talk to him another time. I feel like i am not going to get a diet paln or fitness plan at all and that they do not care about us because they have our money already and we cant afford to do the HCG. I had high hopes for them and i am very dissapointed in them as a whole.
5	So it has taken me a minute to get back to this as my schedule has been super busy but I felt like I needed to get back here and update my previous review to include recent events. I did another set of the hCG drops to get to a reasonable weight before my winter solstice in St. Thomas (I leave tomorrow). I lost a total of 15 pounds with the hCG. While I probably could have lost a bit more if I had not been traveling and could have been more strict with my intake, I am still overwhelmed with my results and very happy with the end number. I am still looking to lose a little more weight but its a slow progression. If you dedicate to your program and remain accountable to your coach you will succeed on this program. I think the thing that helped me most was that when I would hit hurdles I could hit my coach up and discuss things that were going on that may or may not be causing issues during the overall program. Having the knowledge helped me to figure out what things I needed to work harder on to attain the goals I wanted to achieve. I personally am very happy with the program because it has been the jump start I needed to get 're-motivated' to get in gear to attain even better results in the future.
1	I'm a trainer at Golds next door to this place and have referred 5 clients there so far. I believe in the testing results there. However the customer service is horrific. Sent my girlfriend there, she had a 8:15 am appointment. They were quick to cash out but no doctor was there to give shot. She was told to come back later that day and waited an hour. She left with no shot, couldn't wait any longer!! I'll be sending my clients elsewhere!
1	$1300.00, no food and large red welts, just to be told, WE  DONT CARE, MONEY PAID~!  TOO BAD YOU GOT JEFF AS A TRAINER!   NICE.  AND BY THE WAY WHERE IS THE DOCTOR?   Thank you, TrimBody.   MY husband lost more weight than I did WITHOUT YOUR ASSISTANCE.HERE IS THE PLAN:4 oz. of protein per meal two times a day.Fish: White fish, Cod, Crab Meat, Flounder, Haddock, Halibut, Lobster, Red Snapper, Shrimp, Tilapia.Beef: Very Lean Beef, Eye of Round, Top Sirloin, Top Round, Bottom Round Steak.Chicken: Chicken Breast without skin.Veal: Cutlet, Sirloin or Veal ChopTwo cups per meal two times a day. No mixing of vegetables.Vegetables: Asparagus, celery, cabbage, cucumber, cooked onions, swiss chard, lettuce, radishes, spinach,tomato, and fennel.Fruit: Apple, orange, 12 strawberries, pink grapefruit.4 oz. of protein per meal two times a dayVegans: May substitute meat sources of protein with non-fat cottage cheese, egg whites, or protein powder
1	I originally got a groupon for the super shots and did it for three months with basically zero results. Then I did 43 days of the HCG diet and lost 35lbs. That is pretty typical results for males if you stick with the diet. I also completed 30 days from another clinic two years ago and lost 30lbs. Initially I made an appointment to talk to the doctor and he wasn't there so that was a wasted trip. I wanted to start the diet soon so I went to there north Las Vegas location to see the doctor sooner then waiting a week for him to return to the green valley location. Despite the fact that I told them I would be going to the green valley location only they assigned me a diet coach at the north location. When contacting him it always seemed like I was wasting his time so I stopped talking to him. The diet cost $900 for 43 days and after 7 days he never got back to me. They had a sale when I signed up, normal price is $1200. I finished the diet with good results but it had nothing to do with the overplayed diet coach. I find the HCG diet to be great but unfortunately you have to get a doctor to write the prescription for you so you have to go to a clinic like this. With all this in mind if you have unlimited funds go for it. But don't expect much from the staff. Just follow the diet plan and you'll do well.
1	Waste of money...don't waste your time or your money!!!  It's a joke!!  The shots don't work for weight loss!
5	The question you have to ask yourself is are you serious, really serious, about changing your life and losing the weight.  Don't waste your time and money if you are not.  If you are serious, this place can help.  If you are going to buy the groupon or living social voucher for super shots, that is a start, but it's not going to change your body without additional diet change and exercise.  The super shots alone are not enough.They have a variety of diet options available that come with access to a diet couch.  BUT you have to do the hard work.  You need to follow the diet provided to you.  The accountability to the diet couch will make you eat right because you do not want to have the conversation what happened!I had lost 10 pounds already when I showed up to TrimBody MD at the end of January, 2013.  I have learned so much about my body and food.  I have completely changed what I put in my body.  I now know what are the calorie counts of food I eat.  Currently, I am down 58 pounds from January 1.  Part of my time with TrimBody MD's assistance, part of the knowledge that I obtained and the work I did on my own.I plan to continue utilizing the knowledge that I gained while on their diet plan.  Bread is truly my Kryptonite, but I feel more confident that I know what my body can and cannot handle based on my experience with TrimBody MD.
1	I purchased a living social deal for the super shot program and feel I got the old "bait-and-switch".  It is a form of fraud used in retail sales but also practiced in other contexts. First, customers are baited by merchants' advertising products or services at a low price, but when customers visit the store and the customers are pressured by sales people to consider similar, but higher priced items (switching). What was offered was ridiculously expensive for the product you would receive (a powdered breakfast, lunch and snack for three months) for more than $1,200.00.  I will now always search reviews before purchasing anything like this on line again.
5	Entire staff is friendly and professional!  TrimBody MD has changed my life! I lost 48 pounds with their HCG and continue to go for the B-12 shots regularly.
1	Dont waste your money - paid over $300 for shots/consult/diet plan.  Consult was 10 min -after 4 weeks never saw again unless I sched another paid appt!  3 shots week - complained of abcess and hard lumps where shots were given (aseptically most likely) still gave shots - got worse and I was told no refund.  The diet plan is a preprinted "caveman" diet - no further consultation.  Didnt lose a single pound in a month! (Exercised daily too - so not really sure what exactly is in the shots!). Be careful!
5	Came in to do Testosterone replacement here.I was very impressed with the staff as well as my results After only 3 months I gained 12 lbs of lean muscle..Reasonable prices and friendly employees.
5	I've been coming to this place for a couple of months now. Not only is the customer service awesome but the staff is very knowledgable. I have noticed a huge difference in my body and energy level. If you are looking to take the next step in looking and feeling great...THIS is the right place!!!
5	This place is amazing! Like a one stop shop. You have the weight loss options which me and many of my friends have utilized but they also do all the extras. They have botox, the machine that reduces cellulite, and so much more. Last but not least they have the best meal replacement drinks and bars. Highly recommended!!!!!!
5	Great office, I'm getting B -12 shots, changing my diet and losing 22 pounds down so far! Staff is very nice and helpful, I started on a groupon deal and wanted to continue they were so nice and honored the groupon price for me to continue. The weight is not going to come off by a miracle, but with the B-12 shot and determination it's working!
5	Best staff in the city related to any health needs you may have. Not only friendly and welcoming but more knowledgable than any doctors office i have been too before. Highly recommended
5	I train competitively in mixed martial arts.  My instructor and a few other students come here regularly.  I went in last week to have my blood drawn for analysis.  Today I went in to get the results.  I found the Dr.  very knowledgeable and thorough.  He spent a lot time going over my levels and what they all meant.   I'm excited to get started on the program he prescribed for me.  I will update my review later as my treatment continues.  So far so good, however.
1	HCG ---- does not Deliver what it advertises. Don' t be fooled! Waste of your hard earned money.
1	I would never go back to this placeA lot of promises that never get a coverTrick you to spend more moneyThe worst place I have ever been
5	I was tired of being fat and knew I had to make a change....nothing had worked before but with the help of the dedicated staff I was able to lose 50+ pounds and keep it off. Chachi was there to give me support when I needed it and help to overcome plateaus....I owe the new me to them and I am forever thankful!!!! I highly recommend anyone looking to make a life change go  and talk to Chachi....he will put u on the right path!
5	I have been wanting to lose at least 20 to 25 pounds and I found trimbody they have helped me drop 15 pounds already. They treat you like your family and  Diet Coach Ernest makes sure he takes time to learn and get you the healthiest nutritional diet to meet your goal. I will definitely recommend Trimbody to anybody that wants to lose wieght.          THANKS AGAIN TRIMBODY.
5	It's always nice going in to TrimBodyMD. I usually just do a walk in appointment and can be seen very quickly. The staff is very nice and Chachi is an excellent weight management coach! I would highly recommend.
