5	To quote another blog "I ate a lot of red meat this week." I have to blame (in a good way) Tom Friday's for the switch in my diet.  The meats offered at this small neighborhood market are fresh and quality. The price is affordable. . .for example this week my fiance and I dined on an amazing seasoned brisket for less then $5.00 each. The seasoning was perfect, the cooking instructions they provided when I asked worked without a single hitch, and the beef was tender and juicy even when well-done (which is how I like my meat cooked).They advertise their fresh Italian sausage (hot and sweet) - which is stocked new each Friday.  Also worth while is their ground beef (we easily go through a couple of lbs of ground beef a week between the two of us).  A slab of ribs will cook up tasty and tender on the grill, without needing to boil or marinade for hours. I have yet to try many of their other offerings - but I am sure I will at some point!Also check out the hot dog and hamburger buns - they are fresh and delicious!!The service is also friendly and helpful.  If I could adjust anything it would be the hours - they close at 5:00 each day and are not open on Sundays.  Thus, you have to make that effort to get their on Saturdays if you are not right near by in the neighborhood!
5	I can't believe this place only has one review.  But I can believe that the one review is a 5 star rating.  I also believe that Tom Friday's defines the term "Meat shop."  I've never been disappointed.  Excellent meats, good quality at reasonable prices and great customer service.  I've had several of their offerings including the pre-made hoagies (yummy) and homemade kielbasa (perfectly seasoned).  Their ground meat makes the most delectible burgers.  The huge cuts of steak I've had were always the freshest.  And I'm always a fan of the popular butter steaks.  Basically my review is this: if you like good meat, support your local meat shop and stop by Tom Friday's Market.  You'll be glad you treated yourself.
5	This is a gem in Pittsburgh.  The owner, Tom, and the workers will remember your name.  Its just like being in a small town.  Fresh meat and friendly people.  The meat is the best I have found in the city and is affordable too.  The best steaks I have ever eaten have been purchased from there and cooked in my own kitchen!  They are also very knowledgeable.  They can answer any question you have about what cut of meat to choose or how to cook something.  They're also more than happy to share tried and true recipes, which have always worked out for me.
5	what can i say that EVERYONE in the area doesn't already know??  i've been going there over 30 years...the staff are always friendly..their deli meats and cheeses are good quality and well below chain store prices...and the specials are always a fabulous value!  i have never been in the store when its not busy busy busy...that just shows how much people love this store!
5	Our go to butcher shop.  High quality, fresh meat at fair prices. Friendly service. Convenient for us, but worth the drive for others.  Support your local meat shop!
5	Saved the day!  We had custom ordered a ham from another place and they totally ignored the order.  We had to return the sad excuse for a ham and began the search.  Found this place and saw the 5 stars.  Made a call and was transferred to the meat section.  Bernie took 3 seconds to tell me she had what I wanted and to come on in.When I got there I saw why it had 5 stars.  Their meat section was amazing!  If I lived here I would take them up on their freezer meat offers.  What a deal!As I was checking out there was a final thing that made me know we had come to the right place.  The local fire crew was coming in to grab their meats.  Nuff said.Eat well!
