4	For St. Laurent, this was a breath of fresh air. Plenty of seating, no ridiculous cover and a great live band to top it off.After escaping the craziness of St. Laurent this traditional Irish Pub was warm and welcoming. The band was really good and kept us entertained the whole night. They have a full bar and plenty of delicious beers on tap which kept me coming back for more. The staff knew what they were doing and the security was friendly and not overly pushy. We stayed to the bitter end and I wouldn't mind coming back for more.
3	Solid Irish food, although always served with a perfectly poured Guinness.  Very large selection of beers on tap, may be a little overwhelming for some.As for the Rim Reaper Wing Challenge, coming from someone who has conquered this challenge and sits on the "Wall of Flame", DO NOT TRY THIS!!!!!These wings are pure pain and will literally burn your skin if you leave it there long enough.  I have seen people sweat, cry, and cringe after a single wing (someone was recently carted away in an ambulance after passing out)! So if you REALLY want to do it and join the Wall, be my guest.  Just remember, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!
4	This is the what I proper Irish pub should model itself after. It's a very laidback place with a friendly staff and solid Irish pub food.  The picky eater I was with loved her steak sandwich. They menu is well rounded with several hearty choices.The atmosphere was really chill with everyone seem to be in their own world enjoying themselves. Seating was at a premium since this place seemed to be packed early.  The had a band but the best part was when they brought out the traditional Irish Dancers. I think that's a nice touch that adds to the experience and goes above and beyond your regular day pub down the street. This is a good place if you want to chill if you are not into the nightclubs that are all around the area, but still want to have a good time.
2	This is one of those bars that I dread going to when I get a text from my friends that they're drinking there.  This is exactly the kind of  Irish pubs I hate. They're all over the world and the walls are filled with mail order pub decor and none of the staff are Irish.(I suspect the owners as well)  The place also has no soul and over priced.
3	This McKibbin's is a relatively new offshoot of the classic joint over near Concordia University where one may or may not have spent some crazy ladies nights and St Patrick's Days and made some fun but questionable decisions back in the day. It's nice to have this option in the area around St Laurent and Prince Arthur. There are big comfy booths, lots of rooms to sit at the bar, not overly bright, very friendly and professional staff and frequent Irish music circles in the back booth. The food is reasonably fine pub fare. This place would no doubt be better if it had sat there aging gracefully for a hundred years, but we're in the new world, someone's gotta open a new pub every once in a while. I'm sure it'll gain it's soul eventually, and probably the hard way like the rest of us.
2	Not very impressive at all. I went there for the famous hot wings challenge and completed it in 20 minutes. They did not out my name on their Wall of Flames for some reason :(Seriously though, their food is very mediocre and the beer is just OK. The service was alright and there is just nothing that really stands out comparing to other pubs.
4	This was one of the first pubs I stopped at during my short jaunt to Montreal. Just came in to have a couple beers with my little sister (who just turned 21 even though it doesn't matter in Canada since the drinking age there is 18, but I digress...).Very chill place, lots of regulars seemed to be there on a Friday afternoon. I would imagine it gets crowded on the weekends as most pubs do Service was friendly and it was good times!
4	Irish pub with Irish beer. Fish and chip and Bison burger are good, onion soup is wonderful but a little bit salty. An excellent  place for watching sports. Next time I'll go there late and see the band.
4	This is exactly the place I was looking for. In Montreal working for a couple weeks. My hotel is a couple kilometers away in the financial district. I spent close to an hour wandering the streets looking for an unpretentious (but not scary) pub with food where I'd be comfortable on my own. I stumbled upon this perfect st. Laurent spot. Lots of quality import and domestic beer on tap. And the pub food is quality. A big step above the average pub. Dimly let yet fun with good tunes and soccer on the television. Friendly and attractive staff.
4	We had a GREAT time here with the cute, young bartender, who had an Irish brogue and was from Ireland (so don't believe what you read in all the reviews). He poured wonderfully strong Irish Coffees and we enjoyed gabbing with other travelers on the outside porch.  By the way, the outside "porch" has only three 2-person tables.  There is fun to be had inside however.  Staff is very friendly and knows lots about Montreal. Hubby and his buddy enjoyed some local brews.
3	I prefer the one downtown, on Bishop street, for the style and decorations, but overall, it's one of my favorite pub in town! Nice pints, good greasy pub food, great ambiance.
4	Good place, nice band/music...get's full right before club peak time, and quiets down after 1h-2h AM
3	I was a little shocked when I first saw this location of McKibbins open. As a Concordia alumni, it just didn't seem right to have a location on St Laurent. But I have since warmed up to it, and discovered its actually pretty nice to have an Irish pub to duck into on a weeknight when I want to meet up with some friends for a pint and some grub. As others have mentioned, the staff are great, friendly and relaxed, and best of all helpful! Not sure what you feel like? Ask!
4	Came with my sister. We wanted to find a great place for dancing and drinking. This place offered great drinks. Not dancing though.
5	Ambiance de malade mentale...surtout pour la St-Pat...allez-y vous allez vous y amuser. Le band est super
3	the live music is great. the beer is cheap and serviceable. service is good. and that's pretty much it.it gets really crowded and extremely loud which makes talking pointless as you're better off texting each other or hand signal..walking around is not easy too as you'd bump into people which is not fun at all.we didn't stayed long though as we just bar hopped the night away with our soon to be married groom. definitely not the best irish pub
