5	A beautiful little yarn shop. Nice, helpful and, knowledgeable people. Classes on knitting and crochet.  Open knitting and help on projects available.
5	Just took my 2 girls, ages 7 & 9 today for flip flop Friday.  What fun. Debbi the owner is so patient with the kids in showing them what to do. We will defiantly be back.
5	GREAT little shop...something the southeast side of town has needed for quite awhile!  Personable staff - "out of their way" helpful and friendly.  Always a smile and a hello as you walk through the door.  Beautiful yarns - great class schedule and "drop in" knit alongs where everyone is made to feel welcome.  Don't miss this one!
5	I've been wanting to visit Sin City Knit Shop since it opened, but finally got the opportunity to stop in today.  It is such a sweet shop! The owner, Debi went above and beyond to help us, made us feel welcome and left us to explore the shop.  The yarn and needle selection is great and the prices were great.  I bought several sets of needles, found a great pattern and found my new favorite shop.  Please support this shop on Small Business Saturday, stop in to say hello, or bring your project to join the ladies to chat while you work.  You won't be disappointed.
5	If I could spend all my time here, I would! Too bad I live on the other side of Vegas. I'm what you'd call a "closet crafter'. I can make things, but I don't think I'm any good and shy when it comes to interacting with other crafters.I had a little bit of trouble finding this place since the turn in for the road was easily missable. But after 5 minutes of wandering, we found it! It's a cute little store. with all sorts of yarn and knitting/crochet accessories. I mostly went there to check out their Knit Pick needles.When I walked in, there were a few ladies working on projects but the owner, Debbi, quickly greeted us. She asked if I had needed help with anything and answered any questions I had. She was seriously the nicest and most helpful person I've come across in a while. I never felt pressured with having to buy too much either. She told me that they have open knitting every day and that if I ever got stuck on anything, she could help.I definitely hope I can make another visit to the shop soon! I want to check out the yarn..
5	The words me and knitting. For those who know me please keep your laughter to a minimum. I recently decided that I wanted to learn how to knit (well I have to first master the the sneaky art of crochet...but I digress). I have always wanted to learn, and it being a new year, and a new town, I thought why not!This shop is incredible. I attended my first class tonight, and although my awkward, and rudimentary attempts were horrendous both the owner Debbi and my instructor Vickie were so incredibly patient and encouraging. From their selection, to classes offered, to great prices, and MOST important their kindness were all impressive to say the least. What should have been the most frustrating night ended up filled with laughter and a sense of steady determination.I can't wait to go back and make the best darn pot holder ya'll have ever seen!
5	This is my home away from home!  On my days off from my regular job, I come hang out and craft all day long. I've made great friends and continue to learn so much from everyone who comes in!  Debbi's always got something good on her shelves, and she keeps the inventory fresh which keeps the creative juices flowing!  Everyone here is always super helpful and it's not an uncommon occurrence when everyone at the table is helping someone on their first time in to Sin City Knit Shop to find the right yarn for their project, or the right project for their yarn.  I love this place!
5	I love this yarn store! We went here while on our trip to Las Vegas. The owner and the people knitting there were so helpful and sweet! I found some great yarn that I have not seen at any other yarn stores! I can't wait to go back and shop next time we are in Las Vegas!! I suggest this to anyone who knits or crochets!!! 5 stars!!!
5	We have waited for this kind of Knit Shop on this side of town FOREVER - now that it's here, it's even better than ever imagined!  FRIENDLY is the key word - FABULOUS (for yarns and classes runs a close second) - FUN, all the way around!  THESE gals have the "customer service" thing figured out to a T!  And I don't think they have to "try" hard at it - these are GENUINE nice folks!"Above and beyond" kind of help, for those that need it - Debbi goes out of her way for her customers.  The store is never wanting for wonderfully, friendly knitters (ANY of whom will offer a hint/help/advice, at the drop of a hat) enjoying the surroundings and each other's company.  You're always welcomed with a hearty "hello" when you walk through the door, which just sets the tone for the rest of your visit here.BEAUTIFUL yarns - more and more every day - check out the "store-exclusive" hand-dyes from Vegas spinners and more! Full supply of needles and hooks - books/patterns - gift ideas and more!  CLASSES ROCK!  From the overwhelming amount of people in the first class I took, I could tell just how much EVERYONE thinks of Sin City Knits!Don't miss this one - you'll be glad you stopped!
4	I was searching on line for yarn, and stumbled across a web site with location in Las Vegas and was happy to learn we had a new shop.  I live West side and passed the small neighborhood knit shop on that side of town daily, I was sad to hear it had closed, but very happy to find Sin City had sprung up.  So after finding it on line, decided I would make the trek across town and find just what they had to offer.I drove pass the shopping center a few times and even came through making a U turn looking for the address.  I finally realized it was off the side, found front door parking  and headed inside.I was greeted directly by a lovely woman, offering me her assistance, but told her I just wanted to browse around, it looked as if she had a table of women gathered around a a large table knitting, talking and sharing, I didn't want to interrupt, but she let me know it was okay.I was on the prowl for a specific cotton blend and found the brand of yarn but just not the right one.  Prices seem compatible to other shops, and even though the selection as small compared to other shops I have been too, there were some interesting colors and textures that warrant a return.
5	What a wonderful shop!  I went there on my "yearly" vacation to Las Vegas.  Debbi is fantastic and gives great service!  I was invited to sit and knit - there were a lot of knitters in a peaceful atmosphere.  There is good conversation, tranquil moments,  encouragement, and help, if needed.  I wish I lived closer so that I could partake of their monthly calendar events.  I will definately place Sin City Knits on my destination list when I return to Las Vegas next October.
5	This was THE highlight of my trip to Vegas. I wish I lived close enough to knit here every week. Wonderful customer service, beautiful yarn, friendly people. All the things that make me want to support any LYS.
5	A place to visit for fiber lovers! I have been to shops all over the U.S. And this shop is one of the best! The shop is filled with quality yarns from around the world along with unique Las Vegas knitting accessories, yarns and roving. Classes are offered at reasonable prices for every skillset and groups meet weekly to have some laughs and share their love of needlework.
5	What am amazing shop!  Incredible yarn collection and the women are so sweet!  They have meet ups on Monday and Tuesday and you can just go sit in the shop and knit or crochet with the lady's.  I'm still obsessing over the baby alpaca yarn I bought.
5	Today was the 1st time I had been in Sin City knit shop and I was pleasantly surprised by all the beautiful yarn. Debbie was so much help and even took the time to sit down and show me how to knit a new pattern. The shop was very busy with lots is knitters and I felt right at home... If you haven't been there yet it's a must see!!
5	Best yarn shop/store in Las Vegas! Very large selection of yarns, tools, and notions! Nice selection of project bags including Nameste. Friendliest staff you could ask for! Knitting & Crochet classes for everyone including children's classes!
5	I brought my 13 year old young man friend in who wants to learn to knit. He is quite shy and was very hesitant to come. I have to really thank the staff and customers (knitting group meeting) for making him feel so welcomed and included! THANK YOU! He really enjoyed it and came out of his shell. He even commented to me how friendly everyone was! He is excited to come back again the day after next to continuing learning. Thank you again. It really meant a lot to me and him! I too have always felt welcomed and happy after leaving your shop! This FEELS like a whole community effort there.
5	Awsome ladies! I was in Vegas on vacation and needed another skien of Cascade super wash 220. My husband didn't want to take a cab and so called up the ladies at the store. They picked us up from the strip and took us back when we were finished shopping! This store has some fantastic local yarns that are hand dyed as well as a great selection of better European brands too. All around a great time!
5	OK, so I'm coming to the end of my 2 month stint in Las Vegas and this morning I decided to stock up on yarn to occupy me on my cross-country trip back home. I knew of this place from some half-hearted google searches I'd done but I decided to make the trip and had low expectations. For one, how good could a yarn store be in Las Vegas- first and foremost this place is FREAKING HOT and doesn't exactly inspire one to reach for a big ol' pile of wool, and secondly: Las Vegas, in my opinion, quelches anything that resembles local/DIY spirit. I digress.I was immediately and warmly welcomed by Debbie and Carole, and there were probably about 7-10 women sitting around knitting and laughing like in one of those sweet novels. Debbie and Carole frequently offered help, but it never felt "hovery" or pushy. I was completely blown away by the yarn selection they had- multiple, multiple brands and fibers of every assortment and weight. I probably could've stayed for hours just touching everything in sight... Another thing I loved is their needle assortment. Some places seem to exclusively sell $25 Addi Turbos, and hardly anything else. Don't get me wrong, Addis are great, but you don't always want to blow that much money on knitting needles. There was a wide array of brands and BEST of all, you have a choice between fixed circular and buying cords and needle tips separately. This is practically unheard of to me. All in all, I am so happy to have found this place. I just wish I had pushed myself to go about a month and a half sooner than I did, because these ladies have something special here.
5	Super friendly shop with tons of yarn options and many knitting and crochet supplies and notions.  Everyone was smiling and helpful.  I've been in several yarn shops.  This one is by far the friendliest.  I will be back.
