1	Heard some good reviews of this place, so ventured along for some thai treats one evening. The decor is really quite nice and we were quickly shown to a seat and presented with a glass of water each. Lots of interesting looking choices on the menu and the restaurant had a really nice buzz, as fellow diners got on with their evenings. We had our choices sorted and the waiter came over ... different person than who seated us. Ordered some tofu and were told that they had ran out. Which I found a little odd for an asian restaurant, so thats the menu options cut in half for my veggie dinner mate then. Informing the waiter that she is vegetarian she was cut off very abrobtly half way through and told "you can have vegetables!". Okay its your menu any suggestions mate? nope nothing he just stared at us and repeated the "vegetable ones"... this was all getting a bit weird. At this point we asked well what is vegetarian and we were told pretty much nothing as it all has fish sauce. Another bout of akward silence and staring. Normally in this senario people suggest well we could subsitute fish/oyster sauce for soya sauce or similiar. Maybe even speak with the chef and see if they could at least put out one dish thats vegetarian. Sigh nope we just moved on to a new restaurant as we clearly werent welcome. ended up with a  great meal down the road. I will come back and re-review this place at some point with some omnivovore friends as I love Thai food and grew up in asia, but come on its Edinburgh 2014 surely you could cater for vegetarians in some way... phad thai phak maybe or even just be a bit less hostile. Thumbs down on service from me!
1	I've been coming to the restaurant regularly for the past week. The food is delicious, definitely recommend Kao Mun Kai Tod. The food deserves a better review but it is the horrible customer service that made me give this restaurant a one star.I came in for lunch and it was very busy, so I decided to wave at the waiter and said "excuse me". The man with attitude came up to me mocking my waving gesture and said "I can see you and you don't have to do that". This is the first time in my life I've ever seen a waiter getting offended because a customer tried getting their attention by waving and saying excuse me. As a customer I must say I was truly offended, Mr. Attitude came to pick up the menus after we have ordered our food. As a concerned customer I reminded him that his job was a waiter and that's not the attitude he should have. After speaking to a lady who appears to be the manager, she told me something along the line that "waving to a waiter is unacceptable in Britain and this is not how it works around here". I then apologized to her for losing my temper at their employee and came to a conclusion that customer service is non existence in this particular restaurant. It's a shame. Really.
5	Best green curry in town so far. Service is not too fast and a bit cocky, but I don't mind. Lunch prices are very reasonable for the quality of food they serve. Great place!
4	Came here the other night for cheap, fast food - wasn't disappointed. A friend and I had a couple of small plates to start things off with some really excellent fish and salad on the go, and then both had Massman Ped for our 'mains'. This was an excellent curry, and pretty cheap for the amount we got. I think the restaurant would benefit from a better beer list (the Singha on offer wasn't the best, some craft beers wouldn't hurt), but overall this was a great wee place with a friendly buzz about it.
3	Food is good. The som tum is quite authentic, even without sticky rice. However, the service is quite slow and very hipster.
5	Ting Thai Caravan is somewhere i'd heard good things about for a while but failed to visit for some reason. I remedied that last weekend and how glad I am that I did. It's a bold statement, I know but Ting Thai is, in my opinion, the best Thai food you'll find in Edinburgh.The interior is smallish with a stripped-back 'warehouse chic' style to it. Diners eat in a communal sort of setting at long bench tables, with enough space to remain private yet create a nice atmosphere.The menu is extensive and separated into sections; curries, rice/noodles, small dishes, snacks etc. It contains a lot of authentic Thai dishes that you won't find on the ubiquitous menu at a run-of-the-mill Thai restaurant. I had the fish steamed in a banana leaf and crispy tofu. The flavours were spectacular and without doubt the best Thai cuisine i've tried outside of Thailand. In fact, it was better than some of the food I had in Thailand!Staff are friendly and service is very efficient and speedy. It's not somewhere you'd kick back and spend a few hours relaxing with drinks but that's not what it sets out to do. What it does is offer extremely good Thai dishes in a 'street food' style. Street food is something of a foodie trend at the moment but Thing Thai is much more than a gimmick. And for the prices they charge, it's astonishingly good value.
4	Ting Thai Caravan looks and smells equally as good when you first walk through the doors. It's very cool in its design and, no surprise, was super busy around lunchtime! Luckily we managed to get a table by the window which, despite the overbearing heat for those sitting by the glass and at the mercy of the sun (no fault of Ting Thai Caravan's) was nice and comfy!The choice of food was impressive - most of which I'd never heard of before, so you're not going to be bored by the traditional pad Thai or Thai green curries here (though they were on the menu hidden amongst more interesting options). I had a duck dish with honey glazed vegetables and it was delicious! Very unusual in its taste but I liked that it wasn't generic Thai food. It could have done with some spice but, to be fair, our server did add spice to the meals of others so I'm sure if I had asked for this, it would have been possible.The service was incredibly friendly- our waitress was very sweet- but it was a little slow and there was a missed order as well. Bear it mind it was lunchtime and one of the busiest parts of the day, though. The rest of the food I saw looked lovely, all nicely presented in simple bowls or boxes depending on your meal.All in all, I really enjoyed this place! Great prices too, for the portion sizes and the amount of meat you were given in your dishes! I'd go back and try a spicer dish any time!
4	Super tasty food, pretty affordable prices, dare I say it "healthy' as well - I really enjoyed Ting Thai and was delighted that I got the opportunity to check it out while visiting Edinburgh this week!I love these sots of places where world food comes together with a modern interior, funky staff and a bizarre soundtrack that really hit the spot! 80's synth classics rubbing shoulders with the best of classic soul really worked and for me it was a great way to liven up my usual fairly average Monday lunch times.  I'd love to say what I had off the menu but I don't know what it was called. In fact the waitress actually brought me the wrong food (a couple of friends who'd eaten 10 mins before recommended their dishes and said what I got wasn't what I asked for off the menu) but it looked pretty good so I stuck with it! Basically a seafood stew with just the right level of spice, sticky rice and very very nice squid - YES!Next time I'm in Edinburgh - I'll be making sure I check out Ting Thai again.
5	An amazing quirky restaurant. i haven't tried a lot of thai food but it was all delicious and all at a good price. Highly recommend!
5	Best thai food I've ever had. Freshly prepared and a very good price. Quick friendly service. Clean restaurant. They only accept cash but there's a RBS ATM very near by. Lunch menu is cheaper than the dinner menu the only difference for me was portion size which makes sense as you usually eat less at lunch than you would at dinner.
5	Thai food in Edinburgh, and the UK so far (apart from London), has followed the same pattern. It's not a bad pattern per se, but it has perhaps started to feel a little tired and repetititive. White table clothes, napkins, a rather formal waiting service, and quite high prices for a main dish with a side of rice or noodles. To me, before, eating out with thai food was always a rather 'dinner with the parents' affair.Ting Thai Caravan has brought a whole new style of Thai dining to Edinburgh, and I love it. It's Thai street food style, served up in a fast-paced, buzzing restaurant where you eat at long benches with your fellow diners. It's similar to the Wagamama model, but done with much more flair and generally better all around.You'd expect nothing less from the owner of The Outsider (who does in fact run Ting Thai as well). All attention to detail has been paid, and whilst it might look 'shabby chic' inside, it's very clean cut and well done.A two-sided A4 paper menu with bold menu items. There's no "red curry" section and "fish stir fry" section. Instead you will find the usual suspects of pad thai, green curry, red curry. But they're 2 or 3 entries on the menu. There's duck leg passamam, a surf n turf style dish wish slices of deliciously pink sirloin and prawns, in a very hot broth, and other fun nibbly things like sweet potato crisps and pork balls.You can't book and they don't take card. So come with cash and be prepared to wait for a table, although given the style of dining, it's not a place to linger for hours over a meal, but instead come with friends for a few Tiger beers or glasses of wine (or coconut water), share some starters, dig into your big bowl of deliciously fresh, fragranced main, pay up at the desk, then head off into the night. I imagine this style of dining grew out of the "Fringe festival" style dining, where everyone in the city knows that in August, due to the sheer volume of people, and the fact they have a show to go to quickly, it's implicitly understood that you queue, you order and eat, and you aren't rushed but you also don't hang around. It's a good balance. And I feel like that same Fringe festival atmoshphere lives on in Ting Thai even after the festival has gone.It's proven incredibly popular since it opened, and I don't see that changing for a while. It's a new style of Thai dining, and a new type of Thai menu, executed excellently (the food is of course 5 stars). I like it a lot, and shall return often!
4	I just looked at the clock, realized I missed my window for Pad Thai take out and cursed the universe. When you curse the all mighty over noodles, you can safely assume it's worth at least four stars.I'm a simple lady. After a hard days works (and the even harder task of being perpetually lost in a new city), I want nothing more then to sit on the couch, watch Doctor Who and binge eat noodles. It's the little things. So, after a particularly exhausting day of getting lost and with a quick search for "take out noodles", Day Three on my Yelp Only first month in Edinburgh plopped me into none other than this funky little canteen.First and foremost, kudos on the music choice. I've played the awkward game of "prop yourself at the end of someone's table while you wait for take out" for the last three days now and this was by far the best playlist to my socially bumbling, "i'm hungry" shuffle. Toe tapping truly.I grabbed a Khao Moo Daeng to go. Which is 1. not a noodle dish and 2. made with pork loin, which i'm rarely a fan of. But the gent behind the counter who suggested it was cute and in such situations, I have the memory retention of a guppy. It wasn't until I got home that I realized I had wholly failed in my quest for lazy noodles.Silver lining? Khao Moo is pretty damn tasty. It's got a bit of a kick to it and a little bite of vinegar that makes it oddly refreshing for pork. Definitely not what I was craving, but a solid runner up considering the circumstances (my guppy tendencies have done worse in the past). But the real surprise? This dish is EXCELLENT the next day. I happily plowed through the rest of it this morning and that vinegar base is wonderful as a cold dish. It would be a damn fine hangover cure - kick, protein and doesn't feel like dodgy left overs.I'll definitely be back for noodles. I'll make myself a note. And I must try this jerky that's been noted in a few other reviews. But so far, my verdict: cute gents, cool tunes and surprising pork? I'm a fan.
4	My favorite Thai restaurant in all of Edinburgh. I probably come here every week! My favorite is the Penang curry, but the small boxes are also a perfect snack. I don't think I've eaten a single thing here that I didn't like! My only complaint is that they don't take credit card, and when we tried to get change to pay the bill, the waitress decided that it would be too complicated for her to give us change so we had to explain the process of giving change to her for about 20 minutes until she understood and gave us appropriate change. Also, would not recommend for dinner since some entrees are much more expensive while the quality and size of the dish remain the same, but it's perfect for lunch!
5	Unbelievable Thai food. Like seriously this is proper Thai street food I've had nowhere but ting Thai and in Thailand. Almost Thai prices too !Managers a bit abrupt maybe just overworked coz she always seems to be there but really I've never had 'bad' service like others have experienced
