4	I was on my way home, saw this place, and pulled over right away.  I'm glad I did.  I found some really decent stuff...7 nice items for just under $50, all of which I can wear to work.If I had had more money to spend, I'm sure I could've...they have everything.  I didn't even get over to the books and housewares...the clothing and shoes kept me well distracted.
3	I have to take a whole star away from this place for how disgusting the bathrooms are.  I think it is the worst bathroom I have ever used in a store.  :(
5	One of my favorite thrift stores in Phoenix! Good selection, clean store, doesn't smell funky, and I've gotten countless awesome deals here. Their selection of kids clothes and toys is pretty good.
5	Friendly staff. Great quality items at a steal!
4	Solid 3.5 stars.....This place goes through great efforts to keep the place well organized and clean.  WOW!  I was surprised when I first stepped in.  They didn't have a whole lot for housewares.  I guess I am used to seeing more on the shelves at similar stores. But maybe it was just becasue I was on the hunt for specific houseware items. I was here on a Thursday afternoon and I found it to be a nice casual crowd of shoppers.
4	Four stars for keeping the prices lower than Goodwill. I just read about half price Tuesday so l'll check it out today.
3	It always a good idea to hit up the thrift stores in the nice parts of town. They try to keep the store pretty clean and organized although some children may get the best of them. They don't have the sale days anymore which is a bummer if your a regular shopper then you know what I am talking about. I used to go here just about everyday but then it got old, they are definitely not as good as they used to be. In their heyday I used to find Prada, Sonia Rykiel ect. They don't really have that much great stuff like they used to and considering we are in a recession, a lot of people are leaving stuff behind stuff and donating when they have to move. Sometimes the high prices are a turn off for some items. $20 for a wok pan is not my idea of a bargain at a thrift store. Their coupon calender sucks, they should just give them away not make you pay for them. However, if you donate a bag of items you will get a buy one get one free coupon of which the lesser or equal value item is free.
2	I think this Savers is getting their layout confused with Goodwill, which is like Target getting confused with Walmart; both in the same category, just one is more classier than the other. I used to live by this Savers and would frequent it every day yes, literally every day back when they used to have great items. Just pop in real quick. Over time they changed the layout and experimented with things. After visiting today I saw that now everything is so crowded based on the way they structured everything using the same space with the same amount of stuff. The shoes are racked above the clothes racks now. This is extremely, extremely annoying. There is no emoticon to express how annoyed I am by this move. I understand they are trying to make the shoes central to the clothes so they are in the same spot, the shoes are racked by size of course snaking down each aisle. Sooo to look at shoes you have to go down a couple of aisles waiting for people to get out of your way, rather than have them in one spot like they used to be. Of course people are not going to magically put back shoes where they belong so you might find shoes in the right place, or you might end of having to walk down each and every aisle looking at the shoe size stickers making sure they are not cute and your shoe size respectively. Savers, please correct this annoying inconvenience. Also if you genuinely find an item with a tag missing they won't sell the item to you. Listen I get it, this is such a high traffic thrift store that there is a good reason for this but you must wait until the next day for them to price the item and put it back, they won't hold it for you. They don't call a manager over to simply price the item out for you, so how is this good customer service for the innocent ones? Why punish everyone? Why not do like some other stores do and mark the clothing label with a washable marker so that way if the price tag comes off, based on the color they have a pricing system set up? Either way, end up taking the time to re-price and re-stock it again. They should also implement some type of buzzer at the jewelry counter, I don't know how many times I have gone there, not just this location, only to wait and wait finally having to ask a cashier to send someone over to help me because there is never anyone there. The service is always impatient at the counter too, I don't know about you but I like to make up my mind about a purchase! This place is just too picked over, it is nothing like it used to be in its heyday. Way crowded on weekends and busy in the evening. If you bring donations you get a coupon for $3-5 off your min $10 purchase with a tax deductible tag. I will say housewares are your best bet here, good condition and best prices. If you are looking for generic clothing fine, but diamond in the rough stuff like I am accustomed to? no, you won't find that here.
1	CLOSED!!Not only closed, the whole store has been torn to the ground!!  :(
4	Went with a party of four - I got my new Yelp shirt there for a deal and a pair of jeans that would have cost a whole lot more then what I paid. Everyone else found some perfect items as well.The place is clean - and if you are a thrift store junkie like me - you will be impressed with what you might find. I mean come on - a Yelp shirt for next to nothing!
