5	It's like a Jamba Juice on steroids! Well, maybe poor choice of words... They do have a huge assortment of protein, supplements, vitamins and just about everything you'd need for your pre and post workout needs. There's even a smoothie bar. I was not familiar with the One Stop Nutrition franchise and was pointed their direction by the Gold's Gym only a hop, skip and jump away (awesome location!). Walking inside, it looks much like your typical GNC or Hi Health - rows of workout nutrition. The guys staffing the place are really nice. Recently opened, the place looks pristine with big flat screen TV's that were showing the game. I'll have to pick their brain about supplements a different time, but today I needed a good smoothie. So, the menu works like this:Choose a shake type [I chose "Post Workout"]  +  Base [skim milk]  +  Flavor [strawberry]  +  Optional Add InI was really impressed with the flavor and consistency. It even stayed cold for my 30 minute drive home! For 6 bucks even, it substitutes for a meal. I've been looking for a smoothie shop for after my workouts and I've found my destination.
5	In LOVE is an understatement. They have an excellent selection of protein and supplements! My favorite shake is the post workout with almond milk with cappuccino. So frothy and delicious. Sad I don't make such tasty shakes at home.
5	In LOVE is an understatement. They have an excellent selection of protein and supplements! My favorite shake is the post workout with almond milk with cappuccino. So frothy and delicious. Sad I don't make such tasty shakes at home.
5	So happy they are located right by my home away from home (Golds Gym) I even come in when I haven't just worked out. The guys here are super nice always willing to suggest and seem genuinely interested :) keep up the good work guys! And don't even get me started on their nutritional shakes; nomnomnomnom.
5	One stop is amazing!! I go here for the supplements and to tan. Every time I have been in there, the staff has been exceptionally helpful and can answer all my questions. I love all the products they have and whenever I want to switch up what I buy, they always give me new good recommendations. Tanning there is also great! They have the stand up beds which I normally prefer, they are always kept clean, and the beds are pretty strong too. If you haven't been to this One Stop Nutrition in Scottsdale, I would highly recommend it!
5	Nice boys working behind the counter. Stopped in after work due to the positive yelp reviews and got two delicious smoothies one in pina colada one on strawberry. Both were amazing and we will be back. If you want a delicious smoothie try one here.
5	Best slimming protein shake! The staff is so kind and welcoming. The manager is easy on the eyes! ;) Very clean inside. Great location next to golds gym and my favorite Chinese food place for orange chicken!
