5	This place is no longer a buffet (that's a good thing :). My GF is from China and she was in heaven at Dynasty after traveling around with me in the USA and only able to find American style Chinese over the past few weeks. Dynasty is authentic Chinese (mainly Sichuan style) and very high quality food. I can semi-accurately make this assessment after living in China for 8 years :). We actually came for the hot pot tonight but they do not begin their hot pot menu until 12/1. Overall excellent food and great and friendly service. Check it out! :)
4	Went here specifically for the Dim Sum, since the ones I've been going to in Charlotte are just mediocre at best. I had been told that the service can be a hit or a miss, but I got lucky this time. The service was excellent and I was excited to eat when we were seated.The restaurant's interior decor is quite pleasing. There isn't too much tacky Asian art and is kept simple and clean. Enough table space for large groups or even large parties in their back section. We were seated fairly quickly for it to be a weekend and the carts started pushing our way. They have the usual Dim Sum flare that you can expect if you've ever had it and know what you're talking about. I'm Chinese, so I think I got that area covered. Their shaomai was a little dry for my taste. Their shrimp dumplings, cheong fan (rice noodle), and steamed buns weren't too bad though. They gave a lot for the price and compared to some of the other places in Charlotte which have been cutting back in quantity and quality, it was a nice change of pace. Service throughout was steady and I was thoroughly full by the time we asked for the check. I'm not a huge fan of the quality of the Dim Sum restaurants in Charlotte lately, so going here revived that. I honestly thought the city lacked any good places to get my crave fulfilled, but alas, we have a place now. Let's see how long it will last though. I gave it four stars for being good in quality, price, and service. It wasn't the greatest Dim Sum I've had, but for the City of Charlotte it's one of the best.
5	We visited here and were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the food.  We had chicken & broccoli and general kno's chicken and pork lomein.  The general chicken was the best ever. Just enough spice!!!!!  Prices we a little high but we did have left overs and it was just as good for lunch the next day.  Will de go back and try other entrees now that we know how good it is.
3	This is my first time coming back to this location since Buffet Dynasty, so when I walked in I was unexpectedly surprised as they cut out a lot of things which made Buffet Dynasty a feeling of massive and grand. The fishes are gone with the aisle river going across the floor when you first step in. They opened the kitchen to the point where you can see the kitchen when you first step in, which was pretty interesting because I would think that by making this place nicer they would close the kitchen for the public to see.When I sat down it seemed like the place seemed to gear towards the more middle-high class dining, however the table said otherwise. They had paper above the table cloths. I don't think there's anything wrong with it especially with kids around (they can draw on something!)So my parents ordered the food (since we were celebrating Chinese New Year) and they ordered bass, stir fry clams, salt and pepper pork chops, and a couple of other dishes. The salt & pepper pork chops were as my brother said "tasted like chicken fingers from bojangles." Interesting you must ask yourself.  The pork chops was heavily floured and there wasn't much flavor, but there was a good amount of MSG in the dish (I know this because when I was going to bed my mouth was starched and I sorta still feel it even while writing this review). The bass had no flavor at all, and at a $28 dish I would expect it to be amazing. We had to end up with getting soy sauce and fixing the dish. At the end of the meal, my parents ordered another dish and reminded the waiter. The waiter responded that she forgot to put the order in, luckily my parents are kind and said not to worry about it and forgave the waiter (as they usually over order, but that means no take out for me!) But being the type of restaurant they want to be and not putting in an order that the customer wants is something to work on because it'll hurt their sales and future customers.Note that I did come during dinner time, as many other reviews were during the day. So, maybe it'll be better during the day and for lunch. Overall from my experience, I would rather come here than to P.F. Chang's which from my one last experience was a nightmare for both my family and I. So I kind of consider this to be the P.F. Chang's of the east side, except ran by Asian people and not a franchise.Next time I come, I'm pretty sure it'll be a better experience than the first.
4	Been here for dinner twice since the revamp. First time I had the family style dinner with salted fish and chicken fried rice, beef with mixed veggies and salt and pepper park chops. The salt and pepper pork chops needed a little bit more salt but overall it was delicious.  Went back another time for the hot pot. Really enjoyed it too.  See pictures of what we ordered. Food is more authentic. They also have dimsum that you can order at dinner.  We didn't order any but saw other people did and everything looks great. Another table ordered roasted pork and it looked delicious.  Another thing they had on the menu was noodle soup. You can also order banquet style here.  They have a little bit of everything here.  Like the atmosphere of the restaurant. Servers are super nice. One night they were a bit slow but I think it's because the section we were in we're full.  Over all I really like the restaurant and are glad to have an authentic Chinese restaurant so close by.
5	I love their clean upscale decor, really different from your average Chinese restaurant. The food is very good and authentic ( I am Chinese, so I know my Chinese food), and the staff were all very friendly. I highly recommend this restaurant for those who want authentic Chinese food with a great ambiance.
5	Wow! Just ate at the new "Dynasty Cuisine" restaurant tonight. It was the best "Authentic" Chinese food that we have ever had! Went with my younger Chinese adopted daughter tonight thinking it was still the Dynasty Buffet. At 1st when we walked in we were hesitant since the buffet was gone & almost left until the hostess suggested their Dim Sum.  Since we love Chinese food we decided to try their Dim Sum. From their Dim Sum menu we had: sticky rice in lotus leaves (best we have ever had...could make a meal out it by itself); steamed tofu with shrimp (cooked perfectly & very flavorful); sesame balls (the largest & most delicious ones we have ever with a wonderful sweet filling...not your typical bean curd); crispy shrimp (delicious fried hash brown potato pancakes stuffed with shrimp) & the hugest & most delicious pot stickers that we have ever had. It took awhile to get all the dishes out one by one, but it was obvious they were taking their time to cook them fresh & authentically. The wait was well worth it. This is the Chinese place that we have been looking for since we moved to Charlotte almost 6 years ago. Can't wait to go back & bring our other Chinese adoptive daughter & husband. It was so good we could eat there all the time. Next time my daughter we will try their Dim Sum steamed chicken feet & shark tail dumplings. If you know what authentic Chinese food is and are looking for it then this is the place. Or if you have only had Westernized American Chinese food & are just so so about Chinese food then you might want to try this restaurant and see what real Chinese cuisine is all about. food.
1	After reading the review on Charlotte.com I was anxious to try the new, and updated Dynasty.  Unfortunately my experience was very disappointing.  From the wait staff to the food, I was not pleased.  The staff ignored my table, and attended others, that arrived after us.  There was no explanation of the "traveling carts" and once we requested a cart to come by, the food was cold, over processed, and very bland.  We tried a variety of steamed and pan/fried dishes, and they were all disappointing.  I will not return.On a side note, I look to Charlotte.com to see what restaurants/dives/etc. are in Charlotte to try and this did not live up to what I read.
3	Went based on some other reviews. Overall not bad. The steamed dumplings we good, but only warm. would like to have them hotter. The Spicy szechuan wontons had both pork and shrimp inside and were in a in a hot chili sauce. They were hot, both temperature and flavor wise and quite tasty. we then had chicken chow fun and chicken and shrimp with broccoli. The chow fun was good, but a little oily. The broccoli dish was good but a little light on seasoning. The shrimp ($2 extra, but worth it) we a good size and cooked perfectly. They has a real nice flavor and added to the dish. Service was good and attentive, drinks filled often. Only complaint was that our table (in the corner of the dining room) had small gnats and a few mosquitoes buzzing us. I don't think it was anything to do with cleanliness, but from outside or something. We would go back, but definitely ask for a differrent table.
3	Tried again. Had the Chicken chow fun and garlic pork. Also had the steamed dumplings. They were warm this time. The chow fun was for the other people in my party and they like it a lot.I had the garlic pork. Had a sweet and sour sauce that had a little heat. It was tasty. There are a lot of oriental people that eat there, so I guess that's a good sign.We will go back again.
5	The best Chinese food in Charlotte!! Authentic, tasty, awesome. Go, they need your business. Delicate Cantonese dishes. Delicious dim sum on Sunday.  The Shezwan dumplings are my absolute favorite.  I have them every time I go...they are on the regular menu.
5	I guess I'll write this one simply and leave out the Bourdain commentary.  I found not one thing wrong with this place.  I've only had a chance once in my 27 years to have authentic Chinese food.  I was at a friends house and they had someone visiting from China and cooked us a full course meal with some tasty recipes.   My meal here reminded me of that day.    This place was great on the inside.  Tall ceilings, clean environment, music that wasn't cheesy and no terrible decor like we are used to in the US when you walk into a building with "Chinese" in the air.  They had several fish tanks to the left when you walk in and I was guessing that maybe you could pick out your own fish like you pick out a lobster.  Poor fish, I'd hate to see the jerk that was gonna eat me.   I ordered the Roast Duck & Wanton Soup and this dish was just simple and awesome in every way.  The broth was subtle and not overpowering, some would say underflavored, but all the ingredients were like this(in a good way) and they totaled together to make a kickass soup.  The wantons had perfect texture and went pretty well with the dish.  They had some kind of minced meat in them, I don't care what I'll eat anything, and little bits of crunch from some plant material, I don't care what I'll eat anything.  The duck was a single leg I think that was chopped into sections but still in place with one another like a puzzle and I love that presentation.  There was also some kind of green plant that made the fourth element to this dish with its leaves separated from the stems which were tender enough to enjoy with the rest.   I ordered the steamed dumplings, which are an appetizer, to go so I could have a snack in my hotel room.  As soon as I walked in the room I put the hurt on them.  Made fresh with a somewhat sour soy type dipping sauce which was fairly incredible.    A few other things I liked:-They offered the oddball cuts of meat like tripe and intestine.-I was the only Caucasian in this place.  When you get Chinese people to eat at your Chinese restaurant you are doing something right.-The two servers that switched hit on serving my meal and refilling my water were sweet as sugar cookies.So I'll rap this thing up and say go there.  And damn you all who don't go or don't like this place.
4	I still remember when this place was a buffet.  Apparently it's the same management, but they got rid of the buffet and now just focus on cooking food to order.  I think it was a change for the better.  The classed up the place by changing the decor a bit and re-arranging the tables.Two words:  DIM-SUM!  They provide dim-sum to order, but Sundays starting at 11am, they have a dim-sum cart that goes around the tables and you can choose what you want to eat off the cart.The servers are very nice, keeping your drinks refilled and making sure your food is what you want and cooked well.  If you have special food needs, just ask the waitress and the kitchen can probably accommodate you.Special dishes to try:  Lobster in Ginger sauce over a bed of crispy noodles (the waitress suggested we add the crispy noodles to the dish), by the time the sauce soaked into the noodles they were SO good!  Also the salt and pepper fried pork chops!  Light breading, packed with flavor though!So glad Matthews has a go-to Chinese place now rather than having to venture all the way to Central.
5	I remember back when this was a buffet. It was a fantastic buffet. But now, as a sit-down restaurant, it is incredible. The changes that the management made were spot-on and have elevated Dynasty to a remarkable gem in Matthews.They still have the incredibly tall doors and the stone warriors at the entrance, a nod to their heritage that is restrained and classy - something I appreciate. Don't "Americanize" the experience. This elegance continues as you enter the dining room and meet the staff. Everyone is incredibly kind and attentive. I didn't feel like I had a particular server assigned to me; everyone was helping all of the guests, and they never missed a beat nor was there a bit of confusion. The food is stellar. There was not a single thing negative or even constructively critical to say. I've known a few people from China over the years and have had a taste of "real" Chinese cuisine, and that's exactly what this is. They even have a section of the menu labeled "Exotic Dishes" with some of the more adventurous fare from the mainland.Speaking of the menu, I noticed two things in particular that made me elated: hot pot and dim sum. My first visit was for a Saturday lunch and the dim sum carts were visiting each table. We ordered from the menu today, but did select an order of dumplings from one of the carts. Delicious and perfectly cooked. Next visit will be strictly for the dim sum. As a fan of hot pot, I am eager to try Dynasty's as well.As far as the items on the menu, equally exceptional. Dynasty is in my opinion, one of the top new restaurants in the area.
4	Went here a few weeks back for a late lunch. The place was empty except for another young Asian couple besides whom we were seated.The waitress was very pleasant and made sure we understood the menu and didn't have any questions. I ordered the red chilli pepper Shrimp and wife ordered a chicken dish - both were very large portions and were really good. Definitely will be back to try additional dishes, but from what I've seen and eaten so far, I love it!
4	Thanks to a recommendation from Chad, we decided to try this place out.  As it happened, they offered a Groupon deal just last week, so it was perfect timing.  When we drove up, I must admit, the outside of the place doesn't look like much.  But, when you walk in the door, it is a different place altogether.  The place is roomy, open, and appropriately decorated for a Chinese restaurant.We arrived early for dinner and were seated immediately.  We decided to try an appetizer. Unfortunately, we discovered that the wontons are stuffed with pork, so we asked what other options they had and our server told us the spring rolls are stuffed with chicken.  OMG - these are 5 stars!! Packed with flavor, the rolls are nice & crispy on the outside.  I would definitely order this again! We were really hungry, so we decided to go for a soup as well. I have never seen tomato egg drop before, so I decided to get that. It had a really nice chicken broth base that was very flavorful with huge chunks of fresh tomato among the egg drop. It was tasty.  I also got to taste the hot & sour soup and that was packed with veggies, mushrooms and lots of flavor. 4 stars for both soups. I decided on the Kung Pao chicken as my entree. I must admit that this is not the most delicious interpretation of Kung Pao that I have ever eaten.  I thought the chicken had a bit of an odd consistency - it was almost as if it were lightly coated in something then sauteed.  It had peanuts, red chili peppers,and ginger, but no other veggies and was not really what I was expecting.  It was served with raw brocoli on the side & I ordered brown rice with it which was fine.  But overall, I thought the dish was ok -not great - so  I would rate it a 3 out of 5 stars.  However, I don't think I will order this dish again here. I also had a chance to taste the General Tso's Chicken and that was really tasty. The chicken had a great consistency and great flavor. I would rate it 4 stars. The service was great, and overall, I was very pleased with the experience. We will definitely go back.
4	Came recommended from some regulars, and they did not steer us wrong!  Fresh, authentic (food, at least ... some awesomely-local  "y'alls" from the wait staff).  Dim sum smorgasbord with plentiful, reasonably-priced main dishes.  This one stands out among local Chinese options.
5	Easily the best Chinese food in Charlotte.  Probably would only get 4 stars in larger cities where there are more options but you gotta take what you have in front of you.  I prefer the normal dinner menu over their dim sum and hot pot.  The prices are good and the food tastes good.Good and consistent dishes:Ma po tofuHong Kong style pork chopsany of the chinese veggies stir fried with garlic
4	My husband and I and our two young ones ventured to try out this place with our livingsocial deal in hand.  We ordered the hot pot with dual cooking broth, 2 veggies, 2 meats, 1 seafood, and 3 carbs.  Our meal was delicious.  The spicy Ma La was perfect for me.  The dipping sauce accompanied the meal well. It would be a perfect amount for 3 average eaters or 2 big eaters.  Total before discount was 30 without drinks.Service was average.  Staff was helpful and pleasant.  I enjoyed my meal if a bit rushed due to my 2yo's meltdown. Would return again to try their dim sum and would recommend to friends.
5	The best authentic Chinese food I've ever had!This place is the real deal. Lunch here is an amazing aValue:$6.95.The black pepper chicken is the most unique flavorful dish I've Jason a long time. Puts PF Changs to shame
4	My family and I are Chinese so we are always looking for good authentic food to eat. Dynasty Cuisine is among some of the best authentic Chinese cuisine in Charlotte. Their menu food, dim sum, and hot pot are all good. I've tried just about everything on the menu and I don't think I've had something I don't like. The dim sum (the little carts they push around only served on the weekends) is made fresh and is my favorite in Charlotte. They are one of the only places with hot pot. The price per portion plates are good and the meat is very fresh. All the menu items I have tried have been delicious and well portioned. Some of my favorites include: snow pea leaves sauteed in garlic, deep fried salt and pepper pork chops, and any of their fresh fish steamed Cantonese style. The only thing keeping me from giving this place a five star rating is the service and inconsistency. I always say when you go to a foreign restaurant with foreign servers, you're not paying for the service but for the food, so I give them a break. I'm lucky I speak Chinese so getting their attention is easier but I can understand the frustration that comes from other patrons. Inconsistency is also a problem. Although I stand by the point that I have not had anything here I didn't like, sometimes the food is better than others.Overall Dynasty Cuisine is a place I will be coming back to over and over again. The food is just too good to resist. Don't go in looking for the best service but rather some of the tastiest and authentic Chinese cuisine in Charlotte.
4	For Charlotte, this is damn good Chinese. Went to the 'new' Dynasty last night and will definitely be back. The quality and preparation of the food was excellent. We tried the Hong Kong style Sweet and Sour Ribs and really liked the unique preparation.  Service was a little slow. The kitchen is so far from the dining area they could stand to add another waiter or runner. This has jumped to the top of our favorite Chinese restaurants in the area.
3	After hunting for a Chinese hot pot place in Charlotte for almost a year, me and my boyfriend finally found out about Dynasty and decided to give it a shot. While not disappointed, I am pretty unimpressed.Firstly, our hot pot was not quite what I expected after being a regular hot pot eater at Spices in San Francisco and downtown Oakland. I can't think of what was wrong, it just didn't quite hit the spot. Maybe California spoiled me, so I'll focus on my review without comparing it to China Town.While authentic, the Ma-La spicy broth was low on salt. Also, the hot pot tasted better after combining it with the dipping sauce they provided on the side. At one point, we just poured all the dipping sauce into the broth and it neared perfection. We ordered the cellophane noodles, napa, fried tofu, sliced beef, corn, and shrimp wonton. I thought the corn was going to be baby corn, but it turned out to be pieces of sweet corn. My bad, since I should have asked. The tofu and wontons were perfect though. I have serious concerns about how slow the service was. It took almost 35 minutes for our hot pot to get to our table. The couple sitting at the table next to ours ordered their food just before we did and their food hadn't arrived for a long time after ours, and them staring at our food made me feel a little guilty and sorry for them. We ordered the tofu as an afterthought after our hotpot arrived and it took another 20 minutes for the tofu to arrive. Halfway through the meal we ordered more noodles and it took 23 minutes for the noodles to get to our table (yep, I timed it!), and by then we had eaten up everything else and were done with our meal. We arrived at the restaurant just after 6, got seated immediately since they weren't very busy, and yet thanks to the slow service, by the time we finished our meal and left, it was almost 8pm, which ruined our plan of grocery shopping at a nearby International market that closes at 8 (which is why I noted all the service times). I would have given them leeway if they were crowded or if we had ordered something special, but when we sat, only 7 tables were occupied and we ordered hotpot, which is mostly raw stuff that we cook ourselves and requires little prep time!I'm willing to consider that we went here sometime between Christmas and NYE so they might be understaffed, but other reviewers have complained about slow service too. I will still give them another shot, mainly because they are the only choice for hotpot in Charlotte (if anyone knows of any other, let me know) and if the service is any better, I'll update my review.
4	We had to drive 45 minutes from the Lake Norman area to get our first taste of Dim Sum since moving to North Carolina 3 years ago.....I have to say that this place was pretty legit and we really enjoyed the food there! The service was friendly and fast. I thought the food was good (turnip cake, shrimp balls, shu mai, porridge) and we would definitely go back again!
4	I'll be coming back!I should blame Living Social and Groupon for most of my meal adventures as of late. We had passed by The Dynasty Cuisine a few times before  -  and even ate at the Fuddruckers that shares the same parking lot. One day, it was on deal, so I bought a coupon so me and my boyfriend could try it. I think it was $15 for $30 worth of food, which is a lot of food, cause the prices are good!For dinner our starter was the Pan Fried Dumpling ($5.95)Delicious crispy bottoms, with a warm juicy inside. So good.For my dish I chose the Sesame Chicken ($9.95)  (I went pretty basic on this one, sorry guys!) But it was very good. The portions are good size, as I had to take some home with me, mmmm!My boyfriend had some beef dish which I nabbed a taste of -pretty good stuff. We will be coming back to try the lunch special - such a great deal.Check out the menu! Great Lunch Specials!http://www.thedynastycuisine.com/home/
4	The Dynasty has been around forever, though as has been mentioned, they have not always had table service. They used to be a buffet, and even if you didn't like buffets, they were very good. Now they are even better.I have to imagine that they are not doing well, what with the plethora of coupons that have been online recently, and the stories about them not being open any longer (I haven't been by for a few days, so I don't know if this is true or not). Edit: Drove by, and the status are gone from the windows, as well as a handwritten note about the locks being changed. I think they are closed.What I can say is that they may be the best Chinese in Charlotte - so if you haven't been, and if they are still open, go. They do have Dim Sum, though you have to order it unless you are there on the weekends. Their service can be a bit spotty, but they are well worth the wait for most dishes.Rather than what most people seem to be used to - generic chicken or beef dishes slathered with a bunch of nondescript sauce - what you will find here are subtle tastes and fresh ingredients, no matter what you order. Even their wonton soup is tasty. If you don't like theirs, make your own with hot pots (available in the evening hours only). Well worth a trip.
5	Best Dim Sum within 100 miles of Charlotte. Period.  So so so sad it had to close a few weeks ago.  Can't wait for chefs Joe Lam and Andy Zhang to show up on the scene again.  Please if your reading this keep me posted on your next project. Pete & Kate
1	They closed... :(  3.23.2013...
2	I read the reviews and decided to come here with my family.I went on Easter morning for Dim Sum. Dim Sum wasn't a lot of variety. It was busy but NOT that busy in my opinion because I am a waitress myself. They provided NO refills whatsoever. If my family couldn't talk to the servers in Cantonese nor Mandarin then my family would have left hungry. The service was definitely a thumbs down.We surely won't come back even though its the closest to our house. I still rather drive to Central Ave. and Asian Corner for Dim Sum.
