4	So far I like this store just fine. The customer service is friendly. And it appears to be a full-service store. You can mail your stuff, rent a mailbox, shop for office supplies, make copies, order specialty print jobs, fax, notary, etc.The place was relatively busy but there were two friendly staff working so the wait wasn't so long.When I come across good customer service, I come back. I'll be back...
4	The people at this location, a former "Mail Boxes, Etc." business are very friendly and go out of their way to provide exceptional service.  Recently, my wife ordered two new commodes for our house from a plumbing supplier and had them shipped by truck to our home location. Somehow, the shipper used our credit card billing address for the ship to address in error. Our mail gets delivered at this UPS Store location... The staff at The UPS Store accepting this shipment of two very large crates from a common carrier trucking company, called us up and then when we got there loaded the crates into the pickup truck we borrowed.  And these crates were VERY HEAVY! Kudos to the UPS Store for being exceptionally focused on their customers! We have used ths location for 6 years..
3	I shipped a bunch of Albuterol my aunt gave me. This is illegal. The UPS store handled it for me though. And for under 20 bucks. There was a lot of Albuterol. Like too much for me to ever use. But again, UPS handled it for me. Now my lungs will be as open as sunroofs...unless it's cold or raining. Then that metaphor doesn't really work.
5	UPS
1	The employees have no idea what they are doing. It took them literally 30 minutes to fax one document. And then it didn't even go through. Avoid this location at all costs.
1	In Oct 2014 we shipped a package double boxed and packed with air pillows from The UPS Store 3590 on Val Vista in Gilbert, AZ.  We even have pictures from the company we shipped the headlights to that prove our packaging.  The box was damaged when it arrived at its destination. We bought and paid for insurance.  One headlight was broke during shipping and UPS is refusing to pay for the product saying that they didn't break it during shipping.  We have tried repeatedly to speak with the manager of The UPS Store 3590 but he is never there. He never returns our calls even though we have left the number numerous times. We have also emailed the store and UPS claims department with no success.  The claims department says that we have to reopen the claim with the store that we shipped from. We have physically stopped at The UPS Store 3590 on different days and times and are told the manager isn't there but try this day/time.  Again when we arrive he isn't there.  We insured the package for $800 and only asked for $450 to cover one headlight and shipping.  We are so upset that the manager won't help us or return calls.  If you use this store to ship be aware that they do not stand behind their insurance policy so it is a total waste of your money.  We will not use this UPS store again or recommend them to anyone needing to ship items.
