3	I always pass this boutique on the way to work, so I decided to stop by one day.I noticed that my bras were getting too small and I remembered the golden rule on the show "What not to wear" Make sure "The girls are where they're supposed to be"...When I first walked into the store I wasn't that impressed, It just seemed like an old store from the 70's w/ ill-fitted discounted lingerie on special.  It wasn't until I asked the lady in the back if I could get fitted, and then she started pulling out the good stuff...After I was fitted I tried on the correct bra size and ahhh, the world IS a better place when the "girls" are where they belong!
4	I shopped here over a year ago, but I find myself recommending this store to other women all the time, so I thought it was time I write a review. Anyway...I needed a very supportive strapless corset bra for underneath a theater costume. As a top-heavy woman I needed help with a proper fit, and the staff member was extremely helpful. Upon entering the store, the decor and displays do look quite dated, but it doesn't matter. Once I was measured, they started bringing me merchandise from the back and I never even had to peruse a rack of items on my own.Properly fitted undergarments are essential to a woman who wants to look her best, and the Bra Boutique is a great place to get this done! (And they have large and uncommon sizes, ladies. Yay!)
5	Does what it does and does it well.A while back I read an article how most women aren't wearing the correct bra. During that time, I was losing a large amount of weight. I figured with the possibility that I never had the correct size AND the weight loss, it was time to get fitted.I searched Yelp for Bra Fitting and this place came up. I looked at the store hours - Closed at 5:00 on Saturday. Darn! I really wanted to go but that would put me there at 4:30. I didn't want to be one of those people that show up 5 minutes before closing but I figured 30 minutes was within the realm of politeness. I arrived 30 minutes before and walked into the tiny store. Yes it's tiny but everything seems nicely placed. I met a very nice lady named Claudia who sized me up and gave me a few bras to try. Most were right on the money and fitted great. A few were too tight but that's part of the process. She knew what she was doing considering I was in and out within 10 minutes with some great fitting bras. But let me back track a bit.I haven't gotten fitted in years. The first time was a long inefficent affair. Claudia took my measurements (bust and band) and boom. Here's a bra that fits you well. Kudos. Some women have expressed worry at the process. Was it demeaning or embarrassing? Well, I can't speak for others but there was nothing uncomfortable about it. Maybe I'm naturally at ease.  Maybe Claudia just has a relaxing personality. Who knows but the end result for ME was pleasant.As mentioned, I did arrive 30 minutes before and prefaced I wouldn't be too long. She gave a friendly "it's OK" wave and said take your time. Made me feel very welcome.The prices seemed relatively comparable to other sites. I looked them up online and there were the same price online as in the store (with the exception of taxes). I'd rather get them in the store since you know for sure they'll fit and how they look.When you go, just know there are more choices in the back or in storage. As mentioned it's a small store but if you tell her what you're looking for she can get some choices for you pretty quick. A small shop doesn't equal small choices. Bras don't take a lot of space and there's plenty there (along with other types of lingerie).So if you want a nice shop with a friendly person who'll do a free fitting and provide a large selection of bras, check out the Bra Boutique and keep abreast of your current size. The girls have never felt better.
5	Wow!  I actually was in and out in less than an hour and I bought a bra!!!  Mary measured me and to my surprise, I am not the size I thought I was.  It was a great experience and she is ordering me a couple more bras so I have extras in other colors!  Great store!!!
1	My daughter needed a strapless bra for her up coming wedding....we thought we would go here to give some business to a small business instead of going to Vicky's place at the mall.   We arrived at the store at about 1:50 on a Tuesday afternoon...there was a "Closed" sign in the window and a small handwritten sign that said " Be back at 2pm".  We went down the street to get a coffee then headed back to the store..got there at about 2:05...stil closed...waited till about 2:15 then called the number on the door....no answer....waited until 2:30 and  then we left.  We kept calling the rest of the afternoon but never got an answer.  The hours on the door were 10-5 Tuesday-Saturday.   If this is how they run the store I am sure they wont be open for long....dont waste your time....or at least call first....they must like to take a realllyyyy long lunch
5	After a large weight loss I no longer had any bras that fit correctly, or at all.  I decided to bite the bullet and get a professional fitting.  I was nervous about what this would really entail?  Did I have to undress in front of someone, would she be handling my, ahem, cleavage? After debating this for weeks, I finally gave in and just went.  BTW, their current hours are Mon-Sat 10-5.  The shop was decent enough, clean, a bit outdated, but lots and lots of bras.  Big ones!  That was a plus for me, as a big-boobed girl.  I have always ordered my bras online because of my difficulty finding bras in my size, but at this point, I had no idea what size I was anymore.  The fitting consisted of (fully-clothed) a tape measurement below and above the breasts, and then at the fullest point.  She did a little hands-on around the arm pit level area for a feel of how full you are (not on the nips or anything.)  She guesstimated what size I was (correctly I must add) and then gave me a bra to try on in a regular dressing room.  Perfect fit.  I tried on 6 bras or so, and walked out with 4 of them within 30 minutes.  Her prices are comparable to other online lingerie stores, but you get the bonus of knowing that your purchase actually fits.  She has a huge selection of cute, sexy and functional bras.  My cleavage is now perky again and my back and shoulders feel so much better.  Why did I wait so long?  Go now!
2	I went here because I am going to an event and needed a special bra. I think it is wonderful to have a specialty store in the Las Vegas area and apparently this is really the only one. However, the lady at the store was not friendly, actually made me feel uncomfortable. I ended buying something too large but needed something for this dress.
5	Went in with my mother when she was visiting because the staff at Lane Bryant had no idea what they were doing and we needed bras. We are very busty women and have never had a good experience bra shopping. I usually end up distraught and disheartened. AMAZING!!!!! The lady knew exactly what she was doing. She measured us. Gave us two bras and asked us to show her when we tried them on. Then she would look and tell us why it was not the correct size and get us a new one.  She was amazing. She explained the correct way to wear a bra, what band should be bearing the most weight (not the shoulders) and helped with the straps.  She made the whole trip so pleasant. We are fairly modest people and she didn't make us feel embarrassed at all.  I cannot say enough good things about the place.  The bras were sort of pricey but not when you consider the effort she put into helping us! I highly recommend the place.
2	The store doesn't look like much when you walk in, but it's because most of their bras are stored in boxes instead of out on display. You'll probably have to ask at the counter to even get started. The lady running the place was pretty terse and seemed annoyed that I was interrupting her bookkeeping, but she helped me when I asked for it. She wasn't very instructive, so I was glad I had read about the "scoop and swoop" technique before I went there (PS you should look that up if you've never heard of it).There appeared to be a good selection of bras for larger women. Unfortunately there wasn't much selection in "smaller band but larger cup" sizes, just 0 or 1 bra per size. I was kind of surprised by that considering how many "skinny but augmented" dancer types we have here in Vegas (although I'm not one). I need somewhere in the ballpark of a 30DD or 30E, and Bra Boutique didn't have anything that fit. I ended up going to Dillards a few miles away at Meadows mall, where I found better selection, better lighting, and nicer staff.
2	I was fitted for a bra at a professional shop on the east coast, before moving to LV and once you've had a good bra that supports from the bottom not the straps, you will not be able to purchase the garbage they sell in department stores.  The lift and secure makes you look slim and feel confident.  I tried Bra Boutique, she has the styles I've owned before, but in sizes so big I could put my head in the cup.  Or so small it was mostly push up.  But nothing for me, which would be an average 34C (European sizes are different 34C would be a 32F).  She could not get me fitted.  My other shop would have ordered something for me, this lady just said to keep checking back since they send things all the time.  There is an inventory problem here.Sadly, there is no other place in LV so I keep searching.
5	Having just moved to Las Vegas, I knew it was time to quit the quessing and actually get fitted for the first time in my life. So I started online and found this little hidden gem. After a slew of good reviews I knew this was the place I just had to go to. So my mom, sister, and I headed on over with intent of me buying a bra. Before I walked into that store I swore I was a 36DD and was wearing a 36D but it turns out I was wrong! After the friendly lady measured under my armpits and on my band line, she gave me some bras and after some trial and error I found out I was a 36DDD and also a 34F. After finding that out my sister, who was adamant that she was a 32C, got fitted and found out she's really a 32DD! It was mind blowing.This store is small an kind of old but when you get a good bra you tend to not care. The store will order anything you want and when I went they were running low but I still found two bras that I loved. They're prices aren't bad either. I paid $42 for one bra and $60 for another which I was more than willing to pay. The fitting process isn't embarrassing at all and they put you at ease. After they measure you they let you try on the bra behind a curtain and then you let her see the bra so she can assess whether it fits or not. She also makes you try on the bras at the end under your clothes to see if you like your fit. Overall, it's very professional and isn't dreadful at all.I definitely plan on coming back to this little diamond in the rough and fully plan on recommending it to others. :)
5	I went here to get my undergarments for my wedding.  I've literally ran out of hope after not being able to find any undergarments anywhere.  The problem with me is that I have a HUGE rib-cage, I'm as wide as a freakin' line backer, but I have no boobies.  And because of that, it's quite difficult to find bras that'll fit.  Mary, bless her heart, spent an hour, half of it after closing, trying to find me a bra.  She would not give up.  We tried every possible corset bra known to this world and finally found one.  I'm so thankful that she took the time to wait for me to come from Henderson and spent a good amount of time in order to find me a bra.  Not only that, but the shape wear that they sell works really well.  If I had big boobs, I would shop here...but I don't..So I'm just going to keep wearing sports bra.  But this place is definitely a place I will recommend to any girls with difficulties finding a bra.
5	Great experience for my sister.. She is a new mom and nursing. Only store in town that had a nursing bra in stock, in her size, and she was given options! Small store front, but great inventory! Highly recommend!!!
4	The lady was very helpful and attentive and tried to accommodate my size but couldn't.  I will have to try Nordstroms again or Lane Bryant for plus size. My mom was able to find a couple to fit her, so that is good, but I was out of luck today. 4 stars for good service.  Not 5 just because of selection; I know my size is out there, they just didn't have those brands, I guess.
5	We were greeted very cordially. The lady who fitted us took time to find several choices for us. And even though we weren't both able to find something this visit, we will check here whenever we're in the area.
