3	The food here is good, but they need to step up their service.  For a fast food place, nothing is fast.I guess it is nice to see your food being cooked before your eyes, but with one person at the cash and 4 people making the food I don't understand why there is a huge line-up before you order, and an even bigger one after you order! Another issue I had was that the person making my pita clearly did not understand the concept of capacity!  When I asked for everything, I thought it should be clear that I did not mean literally every morsel of each topping available.  Before they chicken (that I had to wait 10 minutes for) was even put into the pita, it was soggy and bursting at the seems.  By the time I ate the pita, I needed a fork and a handful of wet-naps!If you're not in a rush, and you like one or two toppings, the food might be worth it.  I wouldn't recommend it during lunch though!
4	The pitas here are great.  Waterloo doesn't have much choice, but while I did my uni studies here for many years, this place was a staple for me.  Can't go wrong with the chicken souvlaki or greco pitas.The pitas are very big, and very fairly priced.  Better than any of the franchise pita junk in this city.
4	You know it's a good thing when there's a lineup, constantly throughout the day. Just ordered the garden salad, fresh ingredients to choose fr: cucumbers, green peppers, romaine lettuce, pineapples, mushrooms, red onions, topped w/ mozzarella and cheddar cheese. Plenty of parking.
5	Spotted sign on exterior promising 'vegetarian' options; felt this might be promising...Vegetarians visiting Waterloo will want to go out of their way for the pita with the mountain veg with FRIES and TWO FRIED EGGS chucked into the whole mess. If you are a vegetarian out of your own home your opportunities for a sandwich with a little warmth and heft are tragically limited; Johnny Fresco fills a gap, quite nicely.Service was pleasant and quick and all ingredients were tasty and fresh. It was an enormous amount of good food for the price.
3	2.5/5, +.5 for the service.Can't say I was overly impressed with this place, although I can pick out positives from the burger I had and the place overall.First, they have options for white or multi-grain buns, both costing the same. Since I like to be healthy, I chose multi-grain. Good on them for offering bun options since most other restaurants only offer white buns. Second, they have awesome service, with the employees knowing many of the regulars and offering options for customers to get more value for their meal.However, I ordered a swiss melt burger...and the patty was extremely dry. They advertised juicy burgers, but my burger was anything but. The grilled mushrooms were minimal, and the grilled onions were pretty much regular raw onions placed on the grill...which actually didn't taste too bad. Finally, the onion in the onion rings were good, but the coating was too hard and too crispy.I'll probably give Sonny's and Frat Burger a try before I come back here.
1	I really want to like this place, but I have to admit it has been a repeated disappointment. I have been at least 10 different times and everything I can't understand why this place gets the reviews it does.  I feel like the fresh quality ingredients are getting brutally treated by the cooks. I don't want to be a hater, but if I don't warn others of my experience I won't be helping anyone.The burger patties are over cooked, rubbery and dry. I just watched a manager train someone to cook the crap out if them, and then cut a wedge into them to let the juices out. Then cook them more to melt the cheese.The pitas are sad.  The gyro meat gets mashed into postage stamp sized peices and are terribly overcooked. The chicken pitas are usually cooked till only slightly dry, so there is hope there.   The poutine could be awesome, but the fries taste overcooked and sometimes seem old. The gravy is weirdly colored and lacks flavor and seasoning, and rarely is it hot enough to melt the cheese.I have wanted to talk to the owners, because I don't think they know that quality as slipped so much, but there was no contact form or number on the website, so I don't think they want the customer feedback.
5	Just finished the bombtastic poutine, it was possible the best one I have ever had.
5	You have to eat here if you are in the KW area. Poutines are great.
5	I was told that this place has the best burgers in waterloo. After trying almost everything on there menu and other burger places, I would agree that this place does indeed have the best burgers. They are big, juicy, high quality and the bun size is perfect for the patties they make. For the price you get such a big burger that it fills you up and its perfect for students who are on a budget and want a good quality burger.
4	They took over the old Donut Queen location.  The lamb burgers are the best.  Very good vegetarian selection.
5	I had Johnny prepare some food for my daughter's first birthday party. We ordered a family sized greek salad and two pita platters. The salad was presented beautifully and was made with fresh vegetables and lots of feta. The wraps were made with love and tasted great!
1	I went back, regretfully, again.  It's been five months since my last review and the burger are still horribly overcooked. It's a patty not a hockey puck. Please, for gods sake, learn to grill a burger, it isn't rocket science.
3	I love the pitas! The burger is just okay, just if you're looking for a pita it's definitely a good place to hit up!
1	Well, we tried this place for the first time today. Both of us got the home made Swiss melt burgers, one with fries.  The burgers are generous and very flavourful.  The problem is the SALT... SALT and more SALT.  I asked for fried onions and mushrooms and my partner did as well.  Well, they made only enough for one burger, so my burger was left literally flaming on the grill while he made more for me ( maybe one tablespoon of each and hard to find in the burger!).  They forgot to put my bun on to toast so it was held to the grill while he heated it, and again my poor burger was still sitting on the grill, not off to the side, but in flames.  Did I mention the burger was very overcooked and charred and tough?  My partner's burger was cooked nicely, which is strange since the orders went in together. My partner got the multi grain bun and it was soft, warm and doughy. Both buns got soggy real quick from not being toasted properly.  In addition my burger was drowning in mayo...  really - a triple helping of mayo.  The fries were awful.  Many were limp like a wet noodle, not crisp at all and again the SALT!!!  We couldn't eat them.  Tried brushing the salt off a little, but seriously - I have never seen so much salt on fries in my life, not even at Macdonalds!  So very disappointing.  All that being said since we lack good burgers in K-W and Little Louie's is a long drive and not open weekends, we might try it again IF we can get them to leave off adding more salt to the burgers while they are on the grill.  The salt content they add to their home made meat mixture is MORE than enough to put anyone into hospital with kidney failure.  They do a roaring business in poutine apparently, not my favorite choice, but I can't imagine it being much good with all the gravy on fries that are already limp and soggy.  VERY disappointed.  On the plus side the servers are helpful, quick to explain the choices and very friendly.  On second thought, we'll just make burgers at home next time until we find a better place to eat.
