3	This is a good spot to get a quick bite before riding the monorail. If you are going through the Paris casino and Ballys, you will end up walking by this Sbarro.  Everything on the menu is definitely high in calories as expected since they specialize in pizza by the slice, but they do have some great Zitti pasta with parmesan chicken. Most of the food was prepared ahead of time, so don't expect it to be piping hot. The service is definitely quick and accurate though.  Perfect place to stop before the train.
1	***This Sbarro's pizza-by-the-slice was bad (even by Las Vegas fast food standards)***I love getting pizza by the slice, but this was awful.  Pizza was just bad; it had really been sitting around for a long time (and it was kinda cold).  Las Vegas food is overpriced so if you are looking for something cheap and quick, this may be an option (at least, it won't make you sick...probably).
1	small slices, I have been to sbarro all over the place, but this by far was yuckkkkkkk. I asked where the cheese and pep slices were and the guy said hidden.  Before I could even reply he said i keep the pricy stuff out for show.  I told him good business but im not there for the stuffed pizza so break out the plain stuff and lets roll. The small slices were warm at best and didn't have much taste, but after 5 hours at a car show with no food or drink this will do.
1	Pizza was just some thing awful...$12 for a slice, a bland side and a soda... no thanks just go to ballys and get dollar chicken tacos.
1	I have been in this place several times to hope for the best, seeing that I have been to many sbarro locations, and the food wasn't bad. This location never gets any better, and I've tried three times and everytime is horrible. The price for this unpleasant dried up, not enough toppings pizza is distressing. They can clearly see that the pizza looks even gross under the heat lamp and do not switch the pizza out enough. More bread than anything on the pizza.I won't eat here again, because I tried many times and I am just wasting my money.
4	If you are staying at Bally's Hotel and you are taking the Monorail, then this is a great place to stop.  Nothing like grabbing a slice on the way to your room after a long day of working and or drinking.This place has TV's so if a good game is on you can sit back with a slice and order a beer.  This location is also directly across from the Sports Booking Place...so if you ar feeling lucky you can walk over and place a bet.
1	I usually come here because the bf enjoys Sbarro. I've definitely had better pizza elsewhere and Sbarro is just way overpriced. Especially at this location.
4	Yes, the food is overpriced, but come on, every food place I've been to in a Vegas hotel is overpriced. My dad loves coming here for their nice and toasted, oven baked pizza. We stay at Caesar's Palace but don't mind the walk from there to Bally's. This place is great for the late night munchies. The pizza is fresh and the workers are friendly. What more can you ask for? Yea Sbarro! :)
1	LISTEN TO THE VICTIMS!  I usually scoff at ppl who write reviews about chain restaurants, ESPECIALLY fast food, but now I see why - you can get better meals at strip clubs with no cover.  what started as a quick bite under 5 turned into 17, as the girl pushed a "deal of 11.99" - drink not included (additional 3 bucks).  the pizza crust was cracker-hard from repeated reheating, the wings tasted like I was eating them off someone's plate who left them behind, and although the breadsticks were drenched in butter and cheese, they still somehow tasted like dough.  STAY AWAY.  a homeless guy begging for food would pass on it if you offered him your leftovers.
4	Here is the good news...this place is open 24 hours a day!  Do I really need pizza at 4am?  I have asked that question to myself many times in Las Vegas!!!  My mind always says yes but my body says no!!!I have read the other reviews and it seems like everyone has had terrible experiences here.  I have not because I only eat three things at Sbarro and I can never go wrong.  A pizza slice, a salad and/or a beer.  See how simple that is.  Never go here for the pasta...it looks so gross and it is sitting in sauce and under hot lights all day long.  Just walk away because it is not going to be good.  Do not let the girl talk you into upgrading for a few bucks more...you really do not need those extra sides.The staff here is always nice unless the manager is here making them nervous.  Bosses make everything harder.So if you follow my advice just stick to the simple things here like a pizza and a beer and everything will be okay.  Also this location is located in the walkway near the monorail...so you can grab some food before you jump on the train.
1	Dudes, NO!The pizza looked hella fresh, but tasted hella yucky! The breadsticks were soaked in garlic butter and just tasted awkward.Idc if the price is 2$ or 10$ just make it yummy! You cant eff up pizza, but this place totally did! And the cashiers are little punks too!
3	As good or bad as any Sbarro's (the same...), so take your pick.  The pizza we had was tasty enough, cheap, and the place is open 24 hours.  They also have pitchers of beer!  Can't complain about this place- one of the highlights of Bally's for sure!
3	Just a normal sbarros inside the ballys hotel. Good strombole. Directions: enter the 'sports book' entrance and it is on the left. If coming in from main lobby, go straight and down to pool level. Walk all the way down the hall and it is at the end.
5	I know every mall has a Sbarros and I'm surprised to find one in Ballys. Average pizza for a good price compared to Serendipity outside Caesar's Palace which is highway robbery. Great for the traveler on a budget.For quick access to Sbarros without stepping foot in the casino,  just keep walking past the valet to the side of the building along Flamingo Blvd and you'll see glass doors that enter into the basement and it will be straight on your left side along with other fast food chains.
1	Avoid at all costs. I've been to tons of Sbarro's in my lifetime, but this one's pizza is uneatable. I tried to eat it after a night on the town and it was pretty gross. Sorry guys just go to McDonald's.
3	Yep.  I came to Vegas to eat pizza i could have anytime at home.  And it was soooooo good!
4	From the looks of pics here this place must have been renovated. Slice of pepp and cheese was pretty good for a chain. My wife had the pepp boli and it seemed to me there wasn't enough cheese. There was plenty of staff on hand to move things along.
2	The most mediocre pizza place in the most mediocre food court in the most mediocre hotel in Las Vegas. Before heading to Sbarro, which is located in a basement food court of Bally's Hotel, ask yourself? Am I hungover? Do I need this food so I don't die? Unless you have answered yes to either of these questions, do not proceed to eat at Sbarro.There's a reason these places are only in food courts. Because nobody with transportation (car, bike, train, jet pack) would actually stop here. And there's a reason they have gone bankrupt twice - the food is bland and overpriced.Seriously, two slices of pizza for like $10 and a Gatorade for $3.50? I can get two pizzas and two gallons of Gatorade from Little Caesars for that much.Pass on the Sbarro and pass on this entire food court. It is not worth your time.
3	Food court food, food court service. I'd say it was one of the more reasonably priced in terms of the amount of food you get. Would visit again.
1	Horrible service. Really rude black female manager. Makes Bally's hotel look bad. They should fire her. She had a stank face and gave us a lot of attitude. As well as the elderly people behind us. Poor service.
3	Located in the food court at Bally's near the monorail. Decent pizza for a decent price if you need something late when everything else is closed and are staying at Bally's or the Paris. I recommend this place over the pizza place located in the Paris.
