5	I recently purchased a vintage Kenmore sewing machine, and needed one little part for it.  On a friends recommendation, I came over to 35th Ave. (Don't let the name fool you, this is an East Valley location.)They were surprisingly busy for a weekday evening, but had enough staff to help everyone quickly.  I really loved that they took the time to see the photos of my sewing machine to really help me out, and they shared my enthusiasm and excitement.  I could find what I need on e-Bay, but having the personal interaction, and the ability to easily return something that isn't right is worth waiting for them to locate the part for me.I will be checking them out again for both my sewing and vacuum needs.
4	After doing lots of research into Miele vacuums (online and in local stores), I wound up purchasing my top-of-the-line Capricorn canister vac here.  I knew exactly what I wanted and brought with me a list of accessories and best prices I had found online. Jackie was great to work with--she matched the deals I had found AND threw in one of the pieces for free because I would have to return a day later to pick everything up (some things had to be brought over from another Valley location). Because of her willingness to close the deal, I was able to save about $200 dollars.  The sale included an extra year on the parts warranty and two years of free maintenance.  This on top of Miele's seven-year motor warranty.As I said, I shopped around locally before coming here, and from the minute I stepped inside 35th Ave, I knew I was in a great place.  There was no pressure, just great service.If my vacuum is ready on time, I will return and bump up the rating to a five.ps.  This store is mostly a sewing machine and fabrics dealer, and I was so impressed with what I saw (gorgeous selection of batiks) that I'm considering signing my daughter up for sewing lessons there this summer.
1	Terrible Experience! They threw away my $200 vacuum!  The store manager here has absolutely no integrity and customer service is not a factor!  I took my vacuum in and left it for service.  I received a call from the vacuum service department and the man told me it was $24 dollars to service the vacuum.  I agreed and the vacuum was in perfect working order.  Under law, a verbal agreement will be binding if there was an accord on the services to be carried out and an agreement was reached on payment for this service as it was in my case.  I was unable to pick up the vacuum right away so I contacted the store.  Again, I spoke to a man in the vacuum department who assured me that it was not an issue and my vacuum would be there.  I called again two weeks ago and said I would be in soon. Again I was told it was fine.  I went in yesterday and was told that I exceeded the 30 period on the receipt and that my vacuum had been thrown away and they were not responsible.  I spoke to the manager and explained that their employee told me two times not to worry about the time delay for my pickup.  Between my last call to the store and my arrival my phone # changed.  They made their only attempt to call me during that time and since they could not reach me they threw it out.  First of all, why would anyone throw away a perfectly good vacuum when so many people are in need and there are organizations who take such items?  They chose to throw it away.  If they had donated it I would at least find some comfort in that.  The manager agreed to call me after speaking to the vacuum repair employees however no call was received.  I called them.  These people have no regard for their customers.  And the employees will only follow the manager's example.  Poor and unacceptable!
3	Good selection of patterns. Not a big selection on fleece. Very helpful women working in there though. Prices are okay considering the rare patterns. I got an old comic book pattern and a batman pattern I haven't seen in 15years! It get three stars because it wasn't bad but not completely fabulous.
