5	I have never had a doctor (for myself or for my son) who followed up on his patients the way Dr. G does.  At the beginning of summer, my son became really ill- sever stomach pains, diarrhea, vomiting, loss of appetite, dehydration.  Dr. G was there pretty much every step of the way.  While we were at the ER, he emailed me periodically to check the status of my son.  My son recovered 2 weeks later, didn't bother to let Dr. G know that he was well.  It was Dr. G who called me to set up a follow-up appointment.  His partner Dr. Grace (she's my son's original doc but she was on maternity leave at that time) is also awesome.  I'm so glad they accept military insurance. The staff is also so nice and sweet.  Only negative point: the wait to be seen can be long, but I don't mind the wait.
5	If you want to go to the best doctor in Vegas, than go here. Dr. George is young and very smart. He will treat everyone and knows his stuff.His office is very busy because everyone goes here. So you def. need to make an appointment. They accept many insurance carriers and are really helpful if you need a referral for anything.I would never consider switching to a different doctor. Anyone who goes here would be beyond satisfied.
5	Finding great healthcare in Las Vegas can be challenging and scary...but I am so happy to have been recommended to Dr. George. My family and I started going to him when he was just starting in town, and oh man, I've seen his practice grow. Dr. George is very smart, pleasant, organized and truly cares for his patients. He follows thru the status of his patients and makes sure that his patients get excellent care wherever they are sent or referred to. The fact that he is a pediatrician and an internal medicine doctor is an awesome combo.
5	So far I have nothing but praise for this practice and the staff. Being new to the area, I thought it would be tough to find a new doctor for myself and family. But, Southern Nevada Internal Medicine / Pediatrics, has proven that sentiment wrong. From the first interaction with the staff, and them fitting my daughter in on very short notice even though we were not established patients was phenomenal. the were super nice and very willing to work with us. I called this practice due to the reviews here on yelp about Dr.George, I am sure he is a great doctor, but he was booked that day and we had to see Dr. Parker. After this one visit with Dr. Parker we are ready to make him our primary physician. We were very impressed with his personality and demeanor and he was great with our kids. I mainly am writing this review to tell you that even if you cannot get in to see Dr. George, you should still make this your practice. From the staff to the doctors it is top notch!
5	Constantine George and the entire staff at this office are wonderful. Everyone is caring and both Doctor George and Doctor Parker actually invest quality time talking with you and answering any questions you might have. I have never felt rushed during any visit or when they are extremely busy. This team should be extremely proud of the care and service they provide.
2	We came to this practice with high hopes based on these reviews. Our first consultation was great, Dr was very friendly. One thing was off he kept referring to our child as " the kid" but we liked him anyway. The next "emergency" visit was our first sick  visit. Our baby had been suffering from severe diarrhea and diaper rash. Dr quickly replied to emails and then after 2 days had us come in. That's when everything went sour! We were kept waiting in tut lobby which is not designed for babies or kids because this is NOT a pediatric office. As I said baby was suffering from severe diarrhea so we kept having to go to our car to change her because there isn't anywhere to change a baby that they could offer us. Dr was "running late" but after 1.5 hour we ran out of wipes and were pretty upset because we saw the lunch delivery from come in and everyone, even the front desk disappeared. I get that that happen, people run late and people need lunch but when you aren't on time, it shows where your priorities are. I would not recommend this office to anyone with an infant or toddler for that matter, it's clearly set up for adults. While the Doctor was clearly very intelligent and knowledgable what happened to us was insulting. I've waited months to put this post up because I thought if get over it, but I don't want anyone else to be "duped" by the 5 stars like we were.
5	I absolutely love both Dr. George and Dr. Parker. Both are extremely knowledgeable. They listen you and your concerns and are very thorough. They make sure that before you leave their office that they have answered every question you may have. They are both wonderful with our infant daughter, as well.  I am so happy to find doctors that I actually trust in Las Vegas. Highly recommended!
4	Great Doctors I have to say! They actually take the time to listen. I will say their staffVery unprofessional and very rude . ( because of staff MINUS 1 star )
5	This is a great office. The staff are professional and courteous, friendly and helful. My apointment was quick and went smoothly with great timing. I love getting a copy of my lab work, even though they use their computers for just about everything, I still get my paper copy!They see all ages, they provide comprehensive care , so I feel they are looking after all of me! The office is located just off 215, on rainbow and sunset, close enough to my home, and easy to get too!
5	Dr. George, Dr. Parker and their staff are all just fantastic.  Anyone who is new in town or who needs a new Dr. always gets referred here by me, and everyone I have referred has had a great experience.  I've been seeing Dr. George for years now, and he always spends as much time with me as possible.  (My last Dr. would be in and out of the exam room in less than 5 minutes).  Dr. Parker is fantastic as well- last time I visited he stayed with me until all my questions were answered.  Something else I love- Dr. George is very up to date with technology, he takes notes directly onto his computer and will print you out information about whatever sickness you are dealing with before you leave the office.Note that he does not do some OB/GYN services, you really need to see a specialist for that.  They do take walk ins sometimes, but be prepared for a wait (it will be well worth it).
3	I love the doctors however I'm not a fan of their staff.  The last time I went there for check up without my health insurance then yet, I asked a couple of times if she will be having her vaccines and they said Yes. I Asked because without my insurance I have to pay $100 co pay and I would rather wait for my insurance to kick in. After Dr Parker checked her I asked if she would be getting her shots and they said she is not scheduled. Really? That pissed me off big time.
