4	Carnitas bowl with the hot salsa is a hit with me ... For now this place has replaced Pita Jungle as my default weekend lunch spot.
5	I love this Chipotle!!  They always take care of me despite my super picky order... I'm sure they hate it but they definitely don't let it show!!!  Everything's always fresh & even if they're busy, they still don't rush you.  Love them!
5	In yesterday with friends - I won the card draw of 10 free burritos! Love this place, staff was extremely helpful and courteous and threw in drinks! Food amazing, this location is going to be here a long time. Grateful there is a Chipotle so close by.Great seating arrangements
5	My daughter's school recently had a fundraiser here.  For the amount of people they had and the line nearly out the door, they did a great job of keeping it moving!  I love Chipotle.  The burrito bowl is filling and delicious!  It's a great idea.  I always find I feel over stuffed with a regular burrito but the bowl is perfect.  Their chips are fresh and their guacamole is delicious!  It has just the right amount of zip for me.  The kids meal is a good deal.  My daughter gets her favorite cheese quesadilla and rice and beans along with a drink.  This location is clean and friendly.  No matter if the line is long or short, they do a great job with good service and good food.
4	Who doesn't like Chipotle? I get the bowl and have them put everything on it (minus guac, I'm cheap).Yum. Nom nom nom nom...
5	This chipotle doesn't mess around! They are so nice and I was in and out today in what seemed like seconds. SO GOOD! They are my go to Chipotle here in Chandler
5	Always a winner!!  The bowls, tacos, burritos and quesadillas are always delicious and the service is always fast, even with a line out the door.  LOVE this place.
5	quick work and a nice clean place. the misters outside are nice. I tried barbacoa for the first time here. didnt like it. Chicken it is :)
4	I don't frequent Chipotle because they pretty much have the same thing all the time.. not that that's a bad thing, just that I can get bored quickly.  When I do go, I do like to get their 2 soft corn tacos with beef or pork, which is marinated perfectly.  They are a bit stingy with the meat servings, but I guess I understand that if they are using "hormone free" (as they claim, but you never really are sure) meat.  I usually make it up with added fajitas, lettuce, salsa, etc.. then my tacos get really fat and filling.The staff is nice and quick and gets my order done correctly.  This location can get really busy and have a long line at lunch (figures, a lot of people love Chipotle), but if you do the phone or online order, you can run in and pay and be out in a jiff.
3	Currently I am on a diet called the Paleo diet or in simple terms the caveman diet. While trying to order my strange burrito bowl without beans and rice the person who made my burrito bowl was pretty disrespectful.Asking for half chicken and half pork he placed just a smidgeon of both meats into the empty bowl and just said okay is that all you want? After having another employee chime in by saying that's clearly not enough, i had to ask for more meat without stressing the option of paying extra.Overall I'm pretty sure the employee is only used to the average status quo of a burrito. I enjoy Chipotle but probably wont come back to this one.
2	This is a hard one. I went just for the chips which are the bomb!!!! Decided to get 3 hard tacos.... mistake... I had 2 shells with lettuce,sc,salsa and the 3 rd one had the meat. I want toppings on my meat not just eat toppings. Again I went for the chips and next time I will cut in line and buy just the chips and go next door to Einsteins!!!
4	Aaahhhh Chipotle!!! Why u so guuuddd!? Stop messing around and get barbacoa burrito with guacamole.
5	Consistently A great burrito fixed my way. Barbacoa has a nice bite to it..
4	I love this place.  Not simply Chipotle, but this one.The service is so good and it makes me feel so good to eat in there.They actually seem to care about you here.  Something not always consistent with every location of this brand.  I always get the same thing when I go and never get bored of it.  They seem to recognize me when I go there which is often on a Saturday afternoon if I am in that area.  Such friendly people.
1	I'm a HUGE fan of this chain, they have the best food. Always fresh, sourced local, and delicious.Unfortunately this location has repeatedly been a let down with crunchy rice, dry black beans, stale chips, and the guac seems to have been frozen. All watery and grainy.We're gonna have to drive a little further for a better location, which really sucks as this is the closest to our home.FAIL
2	A few years ago, I would have given this location a 5 star review but it has gone downhill since then. They used to give discounts if you only got a few things in your burrito. They have continually raised prices while giving smaller portions. I'm pretty sure they use smaller spoons. And I get that they are a corporation and that the decisions aren't always up to them, but there is no denying the value has gone down hill. It's still good food, but not worth 9  dollars a person.
3	I have to downgrade my review for THIS location, which my husband and frequent at least 2X a week.  Have to admit we LOVE us some Chipotle BUT....EVERY time we go into get lunch or dinner they are out of something (chicken, rice, forks/knives, soda, Iced tea).  Tonight we went for dinner.  Hubby ordered a large soda and was SO looking forward to a Coke Zero (he usually doesn't drink it..just water...so this was a special order!)...to find out that it's out.  So we tell the cashier who yells in the back for someone to switch out the line.  We wait.  We check for Coke Zero...still looking like Sprite out of the soda dispenser.  We wait some more.  Go back and check and it's still running clear as Sprite.  So I ask the worker about it and she says, "Oh..we are out of Coke Zero.  Like completely out!"  Ummm...well the only reason we bought a large drink was to get a Coke Zero.  And it would have been nice to know that info the FIRST time we asked you about it being out!!  And perhaps you should put a sign up for future customers?  We slide on over to grab some forks for our meals.  There are no forks.  The place has no customers except maybe 6 other people who are eating their food, nobody in line and all the while there are literally 7  workers standing on the line and they're not fully stocked?  How does that happen?  My guess is poor management.  Andale, Chipotle!  Get your act together.  I see that I'm not the only reviewer writing about this, either.
5	It's one of those places you can run into for a quick stop to dine in or take away and get a yummy meal. The salsa can almost be a dressing which keeps things light! Yum Yum
5	All I have to say is AWESOME food and service ! I can say that I have aways had great food every time I come here ( which has been somewhat often ) over the years ... for a casual to go or even just to sit at a table and hang out meal..Never disappointed.
4	Went here today for lunch. It was busy but there was no line as there usually isn't during the lunch hour at this location. They made my burrito bowl extremely quick.They give good portions at this location compared to others... Go here!
5	My son & are weekly regulars. The staff is always pleasant & remembers us! Our favorite Sunday meal!
1	I ordered three hard tacos with barbacoa and the guy behind the counter put so little meat in each taco i thought he was playing a joke on me..... he then proceeded to tell me they put 4 oz. in three tacos.. combined. I think he was short by 2 oz. it was pathetic. id hate to see what the kiddos get.. they're tacos probably don't come with meat. Sadly, i would never go back. not worth the $.
2	So normally I'm a huge fan of Chipotle so it's with a heavy heart that I write this review.  This review is more about the service though than the food.  I typically go to this Chipotle after my workouts because I feel it is a very healthy alternative when I am to tired to cook.  Tonight though, I usually order a veggie bowl which normally gets guacamole on top, they ran out on the person right in front of me.  Instead of discounting the veggie bowl or offering me free chips, which I asked about, they told me no basically and have me some excuse about a point system.  I can't imagine those chips are anywhere in the same price range as the guacamole and they probably go stale if they don't sell them out that day, so why not make a customers day a little happier when you can.   This will probably, in  no way, affect me going back but as a new vegetarian I look forward to the guacamole on my veggie bowl.
1	The service at this restaurant is terrible.  They throw food at you like they are giving food to the homeless. :(   I called the manager to complain, and she said she will fix the problem.   The food are so expensive here.  The burrito is full of rice and very little of everything else.   Do you ever question what you put in your stomach for your meal??? They claim that they try to get organic food here, but I don't really know or we all don't know how hard they try (1% or 99% organic????).    It is better to go to a less expensive fast food place.
2	We've been here a number of times. The food is fairly tasty. The prices are reasonable and the portions fairly large. Two can easily split a burrito and leave feeling full. My rating is for the staff. They have little to no personality and a major attitude. Try asking for something extra and prepare for the major sighing and poor body language. They all act as if they wish they were somewhere else. My perception is not for any individual but for everyone I've dealt with here on every visit.
