3	Ok, so I'm going to have to re-review this and break it into two reviews.  Here is the story....I had heard about this Red Sox bar, Foster's which is also a seafood restaurant.  With the post season fast approaching my husband and I decided it was time to try the Sox bar out.  Turns out that Fosters and Muze Lounge are owned by the same people....and it also turns out that Fosters is currently looking for a new location so they have merged as one for the time being.  Effectively making Muze Lounge into the Sox bar.  Following me?  So I have two separate reviews now based on two completely and utterly different experiences.  I'm averaging them out to a 3 star rating.Muze Lounge the Seafood Restaurant and Sox Bar- 4 starsTwo TVs with the Sox and two walls with them being projected across.  Fantastic.  As soon as we walked in I was happy.  They even had the audio on which was competing with the crappy pop music they play but I was still able to hear Remy and Don over Michelle Branch.  (All the Phoenicians reading this are saying Remy who?  Don what?)  There were some other Sox fans in the bar which was nice and provided a much better atmosphere than a regular generic sports bar.  The bartender served as our waiter and he was great.  Very friendly, always attentive and helpful.  I ordered the scallops and he made it a point to tell me how they were prepared and then told me that they could broil them if I wanted (which I did.) I appreciated that he just didn't let me order breaded scallops.  (Who has heard of such a thing?)  Their happy hour specials are good and easy- half off drinks and apps.  No special limited menu or anything. (And Sam on tap!)   I appreciate that.  The clam chowder was good and my husband really enjoyed his oysters. They were huge!  The scallops were also great but the lobster mac was lacking.  There was a lot of lobster which was great, but the mac part just didn't measure up.  The cheese was water-y and not flavorful.   For a happy hour with the Sox it was great.  I am curious to see what will happen and what it will be like once the playoffs come.I do also want to point out that a group came in with an older woman who couldn't make the hop up to the high tables and chairs so they brought in a lower non pub height table for her right away.  I thought that was really great of them.Muze Lounge the Lounge- 2 starsUnfortunately my review for the lounge doesn't change.  I still thought it was a bizarre experience. We stopped at Muze Lounge because it's close to where we live, we figured we'd go in for a drink or two.  We arrived at 10:30 and the place was empty.  We found seats at the bar and were watching ESPN.  At that point that was all that was happening.  Until 11:00, when they turned off ESPN and went to some strange, slow, colored fire background.  I wanted to see what bad news there was for Barry Bonds and what the big loss for the Colts was!I ordered a mojito and was a little sad that it had no actual mint leaves in it, even though I saw the bartender muddle the mint leaves in front of me - he poured it through a strainer into the glass.  I've been to a lot of bars in a lot of places in my time, but I've never seen a bar use crushed ice unless it was a frozen drink like a margarita or daiquiri or one that came out of a machine (Fat Tuesday's and Tequila Rain, I'm looking at you).  My mojito was 90% crushed ice, 5% lime juice and 5% sugar (oh, and a little of the flavor of the missing mint leaves) - it actually sobered me up.  I even watched the bartender make a couple of drinks by filling glasses to the brim with crushed ice, pouring a small amount of alcohol and mixer in, and then topping off with crushed ice.  Pathetic.  I also have no respect for a bar or bartenders that use a measuring cup to make drinks - at one point the bartender made drinks for what appeared to be her friends using the measuring cup.  I don't know if it's law or a bar policy, but regardless it shouldn't happen.  The only redeeming thing about the place was that the dj had a few good mixes during our time, but most of it was pretty bad.
1	The place is closed now for a reason.. cuz it sucked! The manager was a douche and the clientelle was even douchier. I found a crack pipe on their outside couch once. Hasta la vista baby.
