5	I once had an ex-girlfriend (a series, really) who told me that she couldn't love me because some things are just too small to satisfy you.   I'm not sure what she meant, but it definitely wasn't the burgers at Stax.   Stax's 3oz slider-style burgers are a 2-bite size slice of burger heaven.   Being able to choose from Salmon, Beef, Turkey, Buffalo, Lamb and other meats is amazing.  You can put anything you want and the burgers are small enough that you can try a couple of different combinations.   For the record, I figured out why the white man killed all of the buffaloes as he swept across the plaints:  It's goddamned tasty!  Seriously, if I'd known buffalo was this good I would've rented dances with wolves like 2 weeks ago.   The service rocked and the bar is nicely stocked.   Well done.....chic Scottsdale crowd but if you can stand the hokey wanna be rich and cool vibe of the crowd you'll be rewarded with a great meal.
4	I have a very short list of great burger spots in the Valley....and Stax just made that list! I love the just-a-bit-larger-than-a-slider sized burgers. The varieties include beef to the not so ordinary ostrich & lamb. I had one turkey & one veggie burger. Usually, my problem with either of those burger types is the mushy texture. But both burgers were amazing! The turkey burger was the perfect texture & was seasoned to perfection! The veggie was not some disqusting soy patty w/ fake grill marks! Nooooo! I saw real whole kernel sweet corn in there! I'm tellin' you, it was good! Take it from a girl who typically loathes veggie burgers!  Can't wait to try the lamb & buffalo next. I topped off my would-be healthy dinner with...(drum roll please).....a basket of onion rings!! Big & sweet and not greasy. Just the way I like 'em! One thing I don't like is they serve the onion rings &/or fries before the burgers. If you try to get them served together (I have) the fried items come out slightly on the cool side. Hmmm....Wonder what that's all about? Did I mention the extensive half-bottle wine list? Stax is great for a casual date or hanging w/ a group of friends. The service was great & the staff super friendly. Two thumbs up!
5	How could one not love going into this new burger bar...Open for just seven weeks, business partners Jimmy and Chris, have created a special little place for burger lovers.  Stax Burger Bistro offers only 3oz "slider" burgers with many different options of meats and toppings.  Some choices of "meat" include Beef, Turkey, Ostrich, Lamb,  Buffalo, Salmon and Veggie.  Also what is great with Stax is that for wine folks, they offer ONLY 1/2 bottles.  And these two owners know there wine.  Both came from wine distributing backgrounds before becoming restaurateurs.  We decided to get the "stax sandwiches" (which are all ready pre-fixed as opposed to being a la carte) we choose the Beef, turkey and salmon.  YUMMy!!!  I really loved the turkey and salmon burger because they were so different. These burgers came with 5 different sauces...of course Ketchup, Chipotle mayo, a spicy sauce (my favorite), a pesto and one that slips my mind!  We also choose to get 2 sides...since my friend loves tater tots and I love sweet potato fries, we opted to get these 2...even though the mac and cheese looked good....tater tots and sweet potato fries were exactly what we expected.  There was a tater tot "special" sauce.Well because of my love for Mac and cheese, Chris went and got me a "taste"...And this is going to be a dish that I definitely will be getting next time I  go to Stax.So my overall rating for Stax was that it you must go!! And for all the single ladies out there (and coupled ladies that like to look) this place surely didn't lack with some good looking men!  A professional male hangout...you must go and see for yourself!!
5	I think I have found my new favorite burger place!  The idea to make them sliders is genius.  This way you can order as much or as little as you would like.  The first time I went I was not that hungry so I only had 2 sliders one beef with blue cheese and caramelized onions and the the salmon one stax style.  Stax Style is the way they suggest it or you can build your own with a plethora of toppings and condiments to choose from.  They were both awesome!  My girlfriend I was with did not have such a good experience because her salmon slider looked cooked on the outside, but was completely raw on the inside.  They handled it very well and took the slider off our bill and a drink too.  The second time I went was last night with my mom and boyfriend and I was hungry so we tried many different sliders and the sweet potato fries and tater tots... YUMMY!  One other thing that I really like about Stax is they have a very extensive wine list and they sell everything by the half bottle.  There were three of us and we each got a good glass of wine.  Very nice dinner indeed.  I am coming back here for sure!
5	I think the Burger buzz has really hit the Phoenix/Scottsdale market. There was a target rich environment, since until the last few years, Houston's really did have a very popular burger - however, how often do you want to pay $12 for a burger? That was until Delux came around a few years ago; and now Stax Burger Bistro. Stax Burger Bistro is a unique take on the burger and has something to fit your fanciful taste buds. They have everything from your traditional beef, to Buffallo, Ostrich, Lamb and a Vegan option as well. You can either build it yourself or take the Stax's style...I love the Moroccan Lamb and Vegan Stax Style burgers...They've done a great job with the flavors and presentation, the atmosphere is understated and approachable and the service is super friendly. It has quickly become a regular on my rotation for lunch and dinner.
2	I want to know what kind of crack everyone that says this place is the bomb and has great food is smoking, and I want some for myself so that I may smoke it and become just as high.The food presentation is great and the place is pretty chill. The servers are nice too. It looked like a Gap ad or something inside. They also had an interesting concept and a nice menu. The water had cucumber slices in it which was pretty nice as well. That's where the good times end though...They have 80 half bottles of wine to choose from... Half bottles. Tiny little bottles that contain a little more than a glass each. Plus the prices are closer to a whole bottle... whatever. At least the food prices seem more reasonable.The caesar salad we ate was composed of wilted lettuce and the dressing smelled a little off... did not finish. The "tater tots" we had were crispy and all, but they were undersalted and tasted like fake potato... did not finish. Finally, the sliders we had were charred nuggets of coal on the outside, but red and raw on the inside... completely fucking disgusting... did not finish. In fact, I started feeling quite ill halfway through one tiny burger.And really - these are 3oz burger patties... how long does it take to cook these things? They obviously stuck them right into a raging fire until blackened and dry and then pulled them out before the middle was cooked enough to be safe to eat - that couldn't take more than a few minutes, right? The bread was stale too. I can tell you that these aren't sliders as much as they are bits of charcoal with a raw meat surprise inside... as long as it took for them to cook and bring these tiny disasters out to us, it's definitely going to take me longer to pass these stones - I actually debated heading straight to the bathroom to vomit them up dreading the thought of having to poo them out later.The wait seemed excessive for everything really. The place wasn't even very busy - perhaps it was because our waitress was busy chasing down some out of town dick. I guess when you're paying nearly 70 bucks for two people (with one half-bottle of wine included), you expect things to go a little smoother than say a McDonalds... but seriously - even though it's been about a decade since I've eaten at McDonalds, I remember them having pretty good service and reliable food. Stax is like McDonalds, but 10x the price and 1/2 the quality.This place has potential though, so judging from the other reviews - perhaps this was an isolated experience. Your mileage may vary._______________________________Edit: After writing this, I found out that I know the chef here... so now I feel bad. I hope he wasn't on duty when I ate there. I may give it another shot, but honestly it'll be tough since both my girlfriend and I got sick eating here. I've eaten his food before and he's really talented... this was simply awful though, so I'm just going to assume he didn't cook it.
4	I've always found large portions to be unappealing as my taste buds  hit the plateau of diminishing returns usually after 3 bites.  Stax solves that problem by offering 3oz sliders around $4-$5 and tons of choices for customizing them.  The Moroccan Colorado lamb and the good ol' beef burger were nicely charred and full of flavor.  The sweet potato fries at $3.75 was not only delicious but a great deal given the generous serving.  The garlic aioli goes great with it.  I appreciated the no pressure service.  Even though between the two of us we only ordered a slider each and shared one order of fries, the server was cool with it.
1	This place has a cool, retro chic thing going for it as far the interior is concerned but all the loveliness ends there.   First off, the entrance is kind of awkward.  As soon as you walk into the "bistro" you are in the middle of the restaurant traffic pathway.  It is a small place and you feel somewhat cramped and there was no host/hostess in sight.  One of the bartenders greeted us and let us pick our spot (there weren't too many options) so we sat by the door.  The bartender took our drink order (which by the way they only serve half bottles of wine but still charge full bottle prices) and then said the waitress would be right over to get our food order.  We perused the menu several times and were still waiting on the waitress to come our way.  She passed by us many times but seemed too concerned with the other tables.  Finally we palce our order after the bartender had to tell her many times that we were ready.  We split a salad and then placed an order of the Buffalo stax and the "build your own" beef stax.  They never asked how we wanted them cooked and to be quite honest it did not dawn on us until we were eating them but mine arrived "very well done" and my boyfriend's arrived raw in the middle and burned on the outside.  Needless to say we were upset but very hungry and ate what we could.  I think the staff is too preoccupied with keeping a trendy Scottsdale image that they lack quality on the food and service level.  It's quite a shame b/c the location is great and they would have no problem keeping regulars coming to an overpriced burger joint.  I would never go back here again.  The meal made both me and my boyfriend ill before we made it home (only 10 minutes away).If you want an overpriced but yummy burger then go to Deluxe Burger!
1	6:30 Saturday night. Old Town Scottsdale. Most of the restaurants have a 30-40 minute wait. When we were able to be seated right away...that should have been our first clue that something would not be right. I agree that the entrance to the restaurant is awkward -- you find yourself in the middle of kitchen traffic and trying to make eye contact with someone for a table. We were seated on the patio...the ambience was ok..a little Ikea'ish for my taste. Definitely not cozy. Our waiter came to the table reasonably quick to take our orders...he did mention that the wine was only a half bottle, so allow one per person. At $30/bottle, I opted for a libation. 40 minutes later...drinks showed up. 30 minutes after that - 1/2 of our meal. We had six patrons and only 3 were served. It wasn't even the waiter who brought the food - they had runners while he was working behind the bar. We wanted mustard - and the rest of our food - it took about 20 minutes to get anyone's attention - and when I did - it was if the problem was mine not their's. I had promised to bring a take-out order to my husband at work, so I thought-- I'll give them the benefit of doubt and ask for the food. 3 burgers (beef, turkey, lamb) and a side of tater tots. This did come out reasonably quick, however, the order was completely wrong and had to be redone. I gave them 1 star because the food was decent. As for customer service...I should have gone to Burger King and would have felt better about the experience. Absolutely no action was taken to remedy any of our problems, even when the manager was brought in. I will not be recommending this place to anyone!
3	I like the burger tapas concept thing they have going, but the entire time I was here as I sat on the patio, I laughed at the "Under Construction" sign of Delux under plain view smack dab across the street on Scottsdale Road.So of course during my meal I couldn't help but draw comparisons to Delux.  Granted, it probably would have happened anyway, but regardless, I found the constant reminder amusing.  My friend Maya brought me and some out-of-towner friends who ooed and aahed over the place.  "Sliders are so trendy!" I exclaimed to the group as we basked in the stench of the Scottsdale canal from the patio and watched as sceney passersby and diners enjoyed the Saturday afternoon.  I immediately felt like hurling, not sure if it was over the stench, the half-joking insipid exclamation I made, or the poseurish crowd - inclusive of a blond Scottsdale broad in a baby blue jumpsuit with matching blue flip flops. (We saw that blue Smurf atrocity later at Giligin's, naturally.)Back to Stax -- the 3 oz. burgers themselves are good...not excellent, and not bad either.  They offer more variety in burgers than Delux:  salmon, turkey, ostrich, veggie, etc.  The meat was cooked well done on one and a little too charred on another - the buffalo.  The highlights here are the toppings and customizable add this, add that option (incl. cheese, sauted mushrooms, caramelized onions, tots, sweet potato fries) which opens up a number of possibilities.  I really liked the toppings on the buffalo - muenster cheese, peach bbq sauce, pickled shallots and an onion ring.A friend asked our server how many to order to equal a typical hamburger and her answer was 2.5, so basically two or three.   Ahh, there's the rub.  The sliders are $4 - $5.  Ordering three will mean you spend $12 - $15.  Yikes.  Definitely more expensive than an oft-criticized-as-expensive Delux.Service here was solid if a bit slow to start.  My friends' margaritas came out very quickly, but the Diet Coke I ordered took about 10 minutes.I would come here again, if for only the dipping sauces. Garlic, aioli, pesto, chipotle.  Crap, they were all excellent.
4	4.5 StarsA helpful fellow yelper told me to try this place out after he read my review on Delux, so I heeded his advice and went down the block to try it out. FOOD: You'll need 2 sliders (small burgers) to satisfy your hunger. I had a traditional beef and a Moroccan lamb. The Moroccan lamb was so good, it really did rival Delux. To tell the truth, I'm torn as to which place has better burgers now. The totz and rings were both good, especially with a spicy mayo-type sauce they come with. The traditional beef was nothing too amazing, a little dry to tell the truth. Other burgers offered are Ostrich, Salmon, Veggie, Turkey, etc.PRICE: A little expensive for those tiny sliders, but what do you expect from old town Scottsdale? Each slider was about $4-5 and a side of totz, rings, or sweet potato fries were all $3. ATMOSPHERE: I love the layout of this place. Even when eating inside, it's like you are eating outside. On a nice day, this place was fun to eat at. SERVICE: The staff was very friendly and quick to serve. SKINNY: I'm going back because of the Moroccan Lamb burger, to try Ostrich, and since the place is so close to me. The Moroccan Lamb, while smaller, definitely is on my list for top burgers around. I'll just have to get 2 of them, I guess. Go to Stax and try the Moroccan lamb, its amazing. The only knock I have on this place, in comparison to Delux, is its lack of good beer and its dwarf sized burgers.
1	It has been a long time since I have posted a review on Yelp. That's because its been a long time since i have felt passionately enough about a dining experience one way or another to throw my proverbial 2 cents in. Unfortunately Stax was such a horrible experience that I had to yelp about it.  I don't know if it was just because of the open patio or what, but we sat inside and there were flies and moths all over the place. I just hope the kitchen isn't some nightmare that i would see on a Gordon Ramsey show. the menu looks promising with several different style of burgers ranging from the mundane to the exotic, sides and different aoli's (which is really mayo just mixed with something else and put into a cup). The thing that really bothered me is that there are no regular french fries. Call me old fashioned, but i love french fries and don't understand this decision. I got both styles of beef burgers and the meat was overcooked, dry, and the food took over an hour to get out. they also forgot our sweet potato fries and onion rings and those took another 15 minutes to get out. Needless to say the service was terrible. The waitress didn't even know what deserts they had, she had to look at a menu....To sum it up, horrible service, terrible food, and extremely overpriced. The only people I could see liking this place are people who like to be scene but if your looking for a good burger you will do yourself a favor to go someplace else.
5	Luckily, I found out about this place in a recent Food & Wine magazine because I would've missed out on some great food.I have no idea why the reviews for this place weren't that great because I really enjoyed the food.  I shared 4 of the miniburgers, sweet potato fries with garlic aioli, & a green tea to wash it down.  The mini burgers were absolutely AMAZING!  The trio of sauteed mushrooms & carmelized onions in the beef miniburger helped make the burger explode with flavor.   The turkey miniburger was topped with a pineapple & while I belong to a group that feels that pineapple should not be a topping for burgers, a bite of this helped change my way of thinking.  The guacamole made the miniburger a little hard to consume because everything would slip out of the buns when I tried to take a bite, but who cares when it tasted that good!  The Moroccan lamb mini burger was to d-i-e for!  I think Mary would be pleased to know that the death of her little lamb brings happiness to the taste buds of many that visit Stax.  I ended my mini burger experience with the unsually delicious Buffalo miniburger.  There was a little skepticism on my end because while flipping through channels one day, I stumbled upon the scene in Dances With Wolves when Kevin Costner takes a bite out of a chunk of Buffalo meat & I just couldn't get that image out of my head.  I decided to shut my eyes &, like Nike, "just do it"!  SO glad I did because I had a flavor explosion in my mouth.  At this point I was pretty full but knowing that I wouldn't be in AZ for quite some time, I decided to embrace gluttony & keep eating.
3	Took dad here after golf one day thinking it would be something a little divey and would be good in sweaty golf clothes. I think we were both surprised to see how trendy it was. The menu was great, and I really liked being able to design your own sliders... it gives you a chance to try a few different things. I had the beef with bacon, swiss, lettuce, and jalapeno aioli and it was very tasty. I agree with other reviews though, that it was overcooked. The buffalo, I had how they recommended and it was un-frikin-beleivable. There was some sort of sweet chutney on it that made the burger. I'd go back for that alone. Dad ordered the onion rings and I tried a few, they were delicious as well. Not greasy, not soggy, just right. The wait staff did seem like a bunch of rookies, our waiter even turned the baseball game on 20 minutes after we asked him to and then stated "oh yeah I just remembered, you want to watch the game, right?" The food also took a while to get out to us, like 20-25 minutes long, for 3 sliders and onion rings I thought that was pretty crazy. The waitress dropped a cup of aioli next to me and scared the crap out of some people when she said OH NO! loud enough to be heard outside. We also noticed the big Delux sign across the street where they are opening up, so Stax better get it together or Delux will run them out of town. +1 for the great food +1 for a good mix of music -2 for lousy/slow service that started in the kitchen.
4	The great place to grab some lunch in old town. I tried this for the first time on Sunday.Amazing little burgers that you can customize anyway you like. Mac n Jack was yummy, and the Tater Tots take me back.Good service, excellent modern decor, and a perfect location. Surprised they had a full bar here - I would only consider this for lunch.
2	Maybe I caught this place on a bad night, but my friend and I were left greatly disappointed. We had great expectations after eating at Delux multiple times that this place just did not live up to.I really liked the decor of Stax and even the menu selection. A cucumber slice in the water was a good touch. We ordered buffalo and beef sliders with hopes of juicy, delicious meat.We received dry, bland hockey pucks. :(The meat was just not good. I'm probably not going back here.
4	5 stars for the idea, 3.5 for the follow through.Cool little 3 oz burgers that you can customize with different meats, cheeses, toppings, etc... I had a Kobe burger with bleu cheese, steak sauce & asparagus.  It was their daily special.  At first, I was a little, "what the hell?", but, being a laid-back dude, I decided to roll with it and give it a shot.  Pretty tasty!  Also, pretty pricey ($8, yikes.)Since they're little and I was venturing out into odd burger territory, I figured I'd order a backup, old-traditional bacon cheese.  Unfortunately, it was just ok.  (This one was $4).Other pro:  Sweet potato fries.  Hooray!Random completion of thought:  I'd like to go back & try a buffalo burger at some point.
3	I thought this place was funFound the food to be very heavyI got the buffalo burger with the recommended preparationAnd a beef burger with cheese and foie gras!The foie gras was just ok.  They overly pan seared it.  But hey, $6 for foie gras is ok in my book.The sides were great though.  Loves the sweet potato fries, tater tots and mac and cheese.  Loved them.  More than the burgers.So yeah, I thought it was fun.  Don't know if I'd go on a regular basis, but whatev.  I liked it better than Delux anyday....
4	Although Stax was not at the top of my list for a nice lunch, I was glad we decided to try it.  Simple menu of 3-oz sliders with some more unusual  meat choices in addition to beef  (ostrich, buffalo, lamb, salmon...), salads, sides, and a few desserts.  I was surprised to find a full bar.  Layout is like a contemporary diner with the bar taking the place of a counter.I tried the turkey burger which was actually a little dry, but with grilled pineapple and fresh guacamole, I really didn't notice.  I found one to be enough with a side dish.  My husband had an ostrich slider and a kobe beef slider-he liked them both.  Selection of toppings is huge.  We also had red potato salad which was okay and sweet potato fries which were excellent.  We tried the key lime stack for dessert.  Not really pie, not really cake, sort of like a layered cheese cake, not bad but a little disappointing.Service was excellent.  We ordered chipotle aioli but received ketchup by mistake.  To compensate, our server brought a platter with a sampling of all their aiolis.  Very nice gesture.  The manager also stopped by our table to make sure everything was to our liking and to thank us for coming in.The only thing that may turn some people off is they bring the dishes as they are ready-so salad came out first, fries next, burgers last.  I enjoyed the little courses, but if you have to have the fries with the burger, ask.  Otherwise, you'll have a lonely little burger on your hands.  Will definitely return to try the Mac n Jack I was drooling over at a nearby table.
4	I loved the place. Very modern & hip. The burgers were great and easy to create whatever type of burger you could ask for without being rude :)The outdoor patio is great to sit at too, as long as its not summer time!
4	Had a delicious late-night dinner here. Service was friendly and fast, and the little slider burgers were delicious. A little pricey, and correspondingly trendy.
1	I actually love the food here.  Everything is fantastic but I have decided to write a review for another reason.  3 weeks ago I ate at Stax (as I have many times) and my final bill was $25.10 and the person who ran my card (turned out to be the owner) charged me $77.10.   Overcharging by $52.00 is quite a bit but would not have deterred me from going back if it was settled appropriately.  I noticed the charge pending and decided to wait a couple days and hopefully once the charge cleared it would be the $25.10 I had expected.  The charge ended up clearing for $77.10 and I called Stax to inform them of this and was assured that the overcharge of $52 would be readily returned to my account.  I waited about a week and still nothing.  I decided to go in and speak with an owner/manager directly.  After waiting 20 minutes for the owner to get off a personal phone call with someone he seemed to be in a dramatic relationship with, he finally was available to "help" me.  I explained what had happened and he seemed annoyed that I came in to bother him with something like this; asking "Umm this is a hassle for us, why didn't you just call your credit card company?"  I asked if I could just get cash since I was here and the refund had never been processed.  He said no and that he would "work with his accountant to get it settled."  He even tried to take my only copy of the receipt and when I said I was going to keep it he got even more annoyed asking "You don't trust me? I'm the owner."  All in all I have waited another week, called my credit card company who stated they have to give Stax 30 days to refund my money since they initially said they were going to, and nothing has happened.  I'm so very disappointed with how this situation was handled and that the owner clearly does not care about keeping costumers that have been frequenting his restaurant since it opened :-(   I know this is not a food review but although I love the food here I will not be returning to Stax since I have been treated so poorly.  You would think that an owner of a small private business would be bending over backwards to keep his clientele when he makes a mistake of this magnitude.  I guess not.
3	It took me this long to make it to Stax and I was expecting to love it!  The concept is a good one... a la carte little miniature burgers of all kinds including turkey, veggie, beef, bison, and chicken.  Plus, several salads and sides that are meant to be shared including sweet potato fries, onion rings, and more.  I am still a little bummed as I write this review that my experience was just mediocre.I met my friend Laura for lunch at Stax per her suggestion.  When I arrived, she was waiting for me inside and although it was busy, there were a couple of open tables.  We asked on of the hostess/waitresses if it was ok if we sat there and she said yes.  No more than 2 minutes later, another waitress came over and said "Excuse me, we're holding this table for a big group and we're going to seat them here as soon as this other table is finished" (said while nodding at the table next to us).  She then escorted us to another table that was not yet cleaned off from the previous diners.  It took a while to get the new table cleaned, but it wasn't that big a deal as I was busy catching up with Laura.  But once seated the service continued to be horrible.  Our waitress seemed rushed and took our drink orders but it took forever to get our drinks.  Then, she finally took our food orders and disappeared for a really long time.  I did enjoy the salad I ordered when it finally came (I cannot remember the name but it had spinach, corn, tomato, and cheese in it) and I had a bison burger served with it as well.  Unfortunately, Laura thought she ordered two burgers but was only given one... when she wanted to add another to the order, it took forever to flag our waitress down and even longer for her to get her 2nd burger!I know this review is only based on one experience, so I am not giving up on Stax... I will go back - I have to try their sweet potato fries after all!  I just hope that my next visit to Stax is better than my first one!
3	It's been months since my initial visit to Stax Burger Bistro (summer or fall '07).  There were perhaps only a dozen or fewer customers that were already dining that afternoon before I arrived, and I had a very strong feeling that they all knew each other- very cliquish.  I already knew I was going to try the sweet potato fries to see how they'd stack (!) against the SPF at Chandler's Redfish Grill (closed), Ahwatukee's El Paso, Phoenix's Delux, Tempe's Chompie's, and Gilbert's Simply Burgers.  Out of these five proprietors, would you believe that I preferred El Paso's and Chompie's?  (El Paso's tasted very good, but were too thin; Chompie's are very good- size, flavor, and crispness.)  My burger selection, however, took awhile since there were so many to choose from (I believe there was seven or eight back then, and the owner told me that they had planned to add more varieties, such as salmon).  While I vacillated between buffalo, ostrich, and lamb, I placed my order of sweet potato fries, extra-crispy please.  On my server's second visit to the table, I decided on the buffalo with watercress and, as I recall, some sort of cheese (sorry, it's been a long time since).  After about fifteen minutes from order placement, the fries arrived.  I knew as soon as he placed them down that they were not crispy enough.  I tried a couple soggy sticks before flagging him down to send them back.  I understood that I would be given a new batch, but when the plate arrived back a few minutes later, the fries looked like the old batch except now they were burnt.  I then asked to see the owner/manager who promptly asked for a new batch.  In the meantime, my burger finally arrived after more than ten minutes of waiting.  Why the obsession with amount of time elapsed, and how do I recall this a year after the event, you ask?  I can give you two reasons: 1) I'm usually very hungry by the time I sit down at a restaurant so I'm very aware of the time, and 2) I was very surprised that such a tiny burger could take that long to prepare!  I swear that burger was only good for two normal bites, three if I had the knife skills of a chef.  I was upset, to say the least, of what little $4 could buy.  My $3 fries arrived shortly, with a great aroma and with beautiful coloring, but still not crispy enough.  BTW, my server never did ask if I wanted something to drink, and I had to ask for a glass of water two or three times (it was getting a little busy).  The glass of water, which had such a thin sliver of cucumber floating in it, arrived after my server gave me my order ticket.  If it weren't for the excellent Stax turkey burger with grilled pineapple I had the opportunity to try at Super Taste of the Valley (at the Biltmore) in Dec.'07, I'd rate Stax with only two stars.  Not only was this burger so tasty with the caramelized pineapple adding such wonderful texture and flavors (sweet, tart, and citrusy), but it also took at least five sublime bites to finish off!  Oh, I how savored that heavenly behemoth!  Thus, this mighty monster has elevated my review to three stars.i am not giving up on Stax just yet...
5	LOVE this place!!  Burgers are great...LOVE the tater tots!  Desserts are all really good, too...strong drinks...what else could you ask for?  Great location, too....
4	I love Stax. They introduced me to the world of quinoa. Their quinoa black bean burger is sensational. I do the "Build your own burger" and get garlic aioli and the house ketchup. I am a big fan of their sweet potato fries, as well.  The service has always been great and the prices are reasonable. This is a good alternative to Delux, if you are in downtown Scottsdale.
4	The great thing about Stax is when you want a burger, but not a whole big, giant, regret it by the end of the meal burger (which ABSOLUTELY has its place) their 3 oz. servings hit the mark!Today was my first visit and I enjoyed the buffalo burger as advised on the menu (topped with BBQ sauce, cheese and an onion ring). The petite sandwich was just enough to quench that hankering. The table shared the spinach-artichoke dip (super creamy and loaded with spinach) and some sweet potato fries (called sweet pots and served in a mini-fryer basket) with the "spicy" (not to be confused with the chipotle or jalapeno) aioli. Every thing is a la carte including the dipping sauces, but the prices are reasonable. Three of us had burgers, shared the fries and artichoke dip and the bill was $30 (before gratuity). We all left satisfied.The happy hour features some $3 food options to match the $3 beer and sangria. Some of the house cocktails sounded marvelous and are $6 during happy hour. Looking forward to my next visit!
4	This place is cool.  It has a good layout......TV if you want to watch a game...and great selection of beers with cold glasses.  Five guys own it together & we bullshitted with them for a while.  good guys....and they really care about doing a good job.The food is excellent.  The sweet potato fries are awesome...and the burgers or good as well....lots of flavor.The only drawback is that it's expensive for what you get.  A small slider is $5.  and you can easily eat 3 plus fries.  so with a beer you're talking $25, which seems high for burgers.But, it's worth going to......great people.
3	We decided to take a nice Saturday drive and ended up in Old Town! We had been wanting to try Stax for awhile and this particular afternoon was ideal! Unfortunately I slipped and had already eaten just before we left so I did not have a burger but they sure did look amazing. We sat outside which was nice enough if you like the view of Scottsdale road and maybe a parking lot. My boyfriend ordered 2 burgers and the smothered tots which all looked amazing. He went with one regular burger and one with Kobe beef but didn't really notice too much of a difference which is surprising but not worth mentioning to the server. I went with the arugula salad without dressing. The first time he brought the salad out it looked AMAZING but was drenched in dressing so I asked for a new one and the 2nd salad was basically a few green leafs and a slice of tomoato...boo. I really wanted those other veggies and tasty pecans but since it took so long to get the 1st and 2nd salad, we would have been there way too long waiting on the 3rd.Great concept as Gabi mentioned but they slip a bit on service and also ambience which makes for just a mediocre experience.
1	I've been here 3 times.  The first was fair, so I gave it another shot, second time fair again, third time (kyoto was closed soooo....) let me start by saying, I've been in the service industry for awhile.  I know the difference between good and bad service.  If they had been busy this would be one thing, but there was us and a few people at the bar.  NEVER HAVE I WANTED TO THROW MY BURGER AT SOMEONE AS MUCH AS OUR SERVER.  The server was an idiot and the food was ALL burnt... medium burgers are not CHARRED on the outside and RAW on the inside.  Steamed veggies are not CHARBROILED asparagus... everything was so horrible.  We didn't complain, but we did ask about the charcoal that was our veggies....  Which we were given a crappy attitude in response.  We weren't even looking for it to be taken off our bill, just a recognition that the food was TOTALLY burned and half our orders were wrong. BTW there was no offer made either to fix anything...  in times like these SERVICE SERVICE SERVICE AND QUALITY / CONSISTENCY will get you through.   if you don't know what a good meal is and you want to think you're cool cause you hang out in a place that looks like it was furnished by IKEA, you should try it.  There are better places to spend hard earned money.
5	Kangaroo!  You heard me.  Last night I tried a Kangaroo burger at Stax.  Um, 5 stars for that alone.  This place is awesome.  I am so glad I finally tired it.  The whole concept is great.  The smell is intoxicating, even in the parking lot.  It's like hamburger utopia.   You mix and match different types of mini burgers, usually two is enough if you order sides.  The exotic meat section blew me away and I just had to try the Kangaroo burger.  I believe the selection changes frequently.  I also got the turkey burger, which I really enjoyed.  The patty had spices and bell pepper mixed in and the pineapple made it extra yummy with a touch of sweetness.  I tried a bite of my dinning partner's buffalo and that was pretty tasty.  The bread on these little guys is top notch too and grilled to be slightly crispy around the edges. The mini burgers were hefty.  Honestly, they really weren't that mini, I only got through one and a half.  There were some other big hits with me.  The sweet potato fries rocked.  YOU MUST GET THEM.  Okay, so Fez still has the best, but these are my second favorite.  I also love the cucumber water, so much better than lemon.  I hate that sour crap in my water, but the cucumber is so refreshing.  The only thing I didn't care for was the Mac n' Jack.  It wasn't bad, just not my style.  Too spicy and not creamy enough for me, it wasn't worth the calories.  The service was great too, my waitress was extremely sweet and helpful since this was my first visit.  I can't wait to go back. The decor/atmosphere rocked, the food rocked, the selection rocked, and of course- I rock.
3	I was torn on how to rate this place. I guess If it is based on burgers alone it would be 1 star for flavor and price for that little gross thing. If it was based on customer service 5 stars for sure, sadly it is by far the best service Ive had in a whileSweet potato fries are for sure a 4 star probably the best damn friesThe burer though jeeze that thing sucked. I know they have salt because the fries were perfectly salted. For som reason the burger had absolutley no flavor at all.  Scratch that it had an overwhelming flavor of fat but no salt or seasoning. They put 2 pieces of an onion on ther even though I paid like a quarte and didnt even get one full slice. If the slider and I really mean slider is like 5 bucks the topping should be free..ESPECIALLY BECAUSE THE MEAT WAS FLAVORLESS AND OILY  IT WASNT EVEN GRASS FED. I could go on and on about that awefull waste of a cow but really the fries were that good I would go back, just for the fries. I would never put another piece of meat from that place in my body. I just cant get over the price and the non existant flavor. USE SOME SEASONINGS PEOPLE oh and free topping come on. .25 cents for  2 finger nail clipping size pieces of onion. after paying 5 bucks for about 1 oz of meat that tasted like flavorless oil I just cant say anything good about the burger
4	I jumped on the Delux bandwagon long ago, and when this place opened up last year in Old Town I was really skeptical. I had read reviews far and wide praising the delicate little sliders, but I was too afraid to try. Would my allegiance slide? After finally caving in, I'm happy to say this place exceeding my expectations. It's not much for decor, but it's clean, the bar is fully stocked to the gills and the patio looked like a fun spot... although it does overlook a dirt lot and the back of a sushi joint (too cold on the night I went). I've got to say, the burgers are heavenly little hockey pucks of meat. I had the wagyu burger and the buffalo (my first time... damn, it was spicy and delicious and not at all tough like others have suggested) and they were both killer. I loved the thick, homemade ketchup that packed a punch and the peach barbecue sauce was an A+. I also had a side of sweet pots (aka sweet potato fries) and they were excellent. Not necessarily better than Delux's sweets, just different. They had a thicker cut and saltier bite to them. It's definitely one of the best burger spots Phoenix has to offer and hands down the best burger I've had in Scottsdale.
4	Stax pleased this vegetarian - which isn't easy to do!  We stopped by on a Saturday evening and because it wasn't busy we were able to get a great spot on the patio.  Our server was helpful and knowledgeable on the menu, which I appreciate.  We started with the hummus served with pita bread and veggies - delicious, with a touch of spiciness rather than strongly garlic.  In addition we ordered the brushetta - mmmm, mmmm good!  I prefer a good amount of balsamic, and this delivered.On to the entrees - burgers for everyone else and a salad and the Mac and Jack for me.  The salad's are huge, fresh, colorful.  The Mac and Jack was creamy, crunchy on top, and the perfect size.  All this food definitely left us full and satisfied.My only complaint was that because it wasn't busy, our food came out very fast and I felt the timing was off. We ordered 2 appetizers and drinks (for 4 of us!) and received our entree's before we were even close to done with the appetizers.  I just wanted to enjoy the experience/restaurant/nice weather a little bit longer!  No biggie.  Will definitely be back!
4	This is one among the VERY few places I have gone to eat in Scottsdale.  We stopped in at late lunchtime on a weekend, and it was quite busy, but there was space for us to sit on the patio.  The decor was cool and sleek, and the staff was all pretty upbeat and friendly.  The friendliness of the staff was definitely a surprise to me in uber-trendyville.  Since it was our first time here, my husband and I ordered a few different things to share so we could try more stuff.  We ordered a buffalo and a lamb burger, tater tots, and the mac and jack.  One of the things I instantly loved about this place was the customization options.  You ordered the burger meat, and then any cheese or other toppings.  I made a delicious creation with lamb, swiss, bacon and mushrooms.  Yeah baby.  As for the rest of the food, the tots were nice and crispy with the perfect amount of salt.  The mac and jack was also delicious.  The buffalo, I was a little less than pleased with, as I think they overcooked it.  Buffalo is such a lean meat that just a second too long on the grill will dry it out.  The food was great, the service is good, the people watching is killer.  I really really liked this place, and I would certainly go back if I am in the area.
4	My group of 4 recently hit up Stax's while on vacation.  We started with drinks and apps which were 1/2 price due to happy hour.  Next we moved to burgers and salads.  Burgers included lamb, buffalo and kangaroo (their exotic meat for the day).  Salads were large and fresh.  If the weather permits make sure you sit outside so you can enjoy the rare expensive cars of Scottsdale.
5	I absolutely loved this place.  The buffalo stax was the best burger I've ever had!  It was moist and savory, with just the right seasoning.  The bread smelled like it just came out of the oven.  The salad was fresh, crisp, and clean.  Beautiful.  Food is art!  Enjoy!
4	It was Stax for lunch today. Out on the patio (heated for our enjoyment...it was too doggone cold today..can the Scottsdale CofC do something about that please?).Our beautiful daughter Whitney is moving to Old Town Scottsdale, and she had to come over for a walk-through. She called and asked if her dear decrepit father (me!!!) was available for lunch, so we walked up to Stax.I have been here several times before and I always enjoy it.We got some totz (which is similar to a Tater Tot, but with a "z", so hipper), and sliders (a sloppy joe, a chicken, a kobe beef and a veggie).Everything was well prepared, and well timed. The service was really good (it's been a little bit uneven at times in the past, but I say "judge slowly"). They even brought a sampler of some of the aioli's to try with the totz, as well as with the sliders, no charge! Very nice touch!The only down side to Stax is that it's a little expensive for sliders, esp compared to places like Chicago Hamburger, etc. But this place is not a hole in the wall. The atmosphere is really pleasant, Stax has a full bar so I can get a marti with my sliders, they have totz, there's room to sit down comfortably and the people watching is, as always, great.You will enjoy Stax (that's not an order, BTW, just an observation:) )
4	So I went to Stax the other night for the second time and it was delicious.  I had the wedge salad which was crisp and fresh, the moroccan lamb burger, which I'd had last time and it was delicious as usual, and their new creation, the chicken  burger.  I have to say, the chicken burger stole the show!!!  It was moist and juicy and had a black bean and corn relish and a chipotle aoli and the combination was like a party in my mouth!!!  I can't stop thinking about that chicken burger!!!  It's definitely my new favorite and I will be eating there a lot more often to get it!!!
3	3 stars based on service. it's consistently bad and every time I leave I'm pissed off. Even when I called to alert the manager of the numerous counts of bad service, he argued with me. so silly. when I find something to replace stax (their food is delicious), I will never go back. in the meantime I will just put up with it, ha ha! also, I hate that they don't have fountain drinks. instead you get these little bottles that go flat as soon as your pour them over ice. lame.
4	Though the server may tell you to order three sliders per person, I'd stick with two sliders and split a few sides. The sweet potato fries with various dipping sauces is a great choice. Each sauce is only $.25, so go crazy with the chipotle aioli, red pepper aioli, honey mustard aioli, jalapeno aioli, or just plain ketchup. The mac & cheese and buttered corn were mediocre. Actually, seeing "corn off the cob" on the menu made me think they just uncanned a Jolly Green Giant and melted a stick of butter into a bowl. The restaurant really shines with its namesake sliders. Although I was bummed that they were out of the exotic sliders (made with boar, ostrich, venison, or whatever cheap wild meat they have that week), the three I chose were plenty satisfying. In the picture above, from foreground to back, I got an original beef slider with caramelized onions, mushrooms, and cheddar, a lamb slider with feta cheese, grape tomatoes and tabouli, and a kobe slider with asparagus. My verdict: order the first two, ditch the last. The kobe burger was a novelty at best; and from a taste test, did not have the marbling of real Wagyu. The lamb was my easily my favorite though. For the lamb lover, the intense flavor of the animal permeated my mouth with the first bite. Ground lamb is an unfortunate rarity in this country, so when you can find it, make sure to indulge.At a burger bar like this, you can expect a fine selection of beers. With this kind of food, nothing pairs better. My local Tempe brewed Four Peaks Kilt Lifter Ale was no exception.
4	I've been back to Stax a few times recently... and actually twice in the past week - so, it's time for an update and a bump up in rating from 3 stars to 4.Service has been consistently much better than it was my first visit, and the food is consistently fresh and filling.  If you order a bunch of things ala carte like I do, the bill will add up, but you get what you pay for... it's worth it.  I've continued to order the buffalo burger but I've branched out and tried a few different salads, the brussel sprouts, and broccoli.  I like that there is a wide variety to choose from and that you can custom create basically whatever you'd like.I also love the cucumber water!Still haven't tried the sweet potato fries - they are extremely tempting though, so I am sure I will go back soon to try them when the craving strikes.If you haven't been yet, Stax is worth a visit.  Enjoy!
4	Solid 4.5 We went to Stax while waiting for a group of friends. We had two hours to kill in Scottsdale. We did it here. Our first choice was Morton's but we wanted to keep it light. We started with a drink, I had a Captain and Coke and my wife had a Bud Light. Both tasted perfect We then ordered the wedge salad with Blue Cheese and Cherry tomatoes. It was very good, plenty of crumbles to go around. We then shared a basket of Tots, they were hot greasy and had a good seasoning to them. Then we ordered the burgers. She had a Traditional and enjoyed every bite. I had a Blue Cheese, Caramelized onion and Bacon. It was cooked to perfection and I could have eaten 3 of them. All in all we had a great night out and enjoyed a nice meal. We will be back fo sho. PS the Chicken looked good too.
3	I'm not sure if I am really sold on this whole "tiny burger" fad.  I mean, I was eating White Castles before my wife was even born, but those were $0.20 a piece and Stax wants $7.  The quality of the meat is good, really good.  I love the selection and the way that you can create your own burger.  The flavor is great.  The service isn't bad.  The whole experience is quality.I'd still take a White Castle over anything at Stax...and I think that's what keeps me from giving it a higher rating.
4	For a laid-back little burger joint Stax is a great option. I mean, how can you go wrong with a place that has tots!Their burgers are small but tasty. They are jumbo sliders so order one if you're a light eater or two if you're really hungry. Sometimes they can be a little overcooked but generally they are nice and juicy. I usually get one burger, my boyfriend gets one or two and we share a side and are left full and happy.They have good sides - regular fries, sweet potato fries and tots with various dipping sauces. I tried their mac and cheese once. It was just okay.They have a nice little patio where you can sit and watch the traffic on Scottsdale rd as you scarf down your burger. And the staff has always been very friendly and attentive.
3	Stax is a great casual burger joint with a good variety of meat choices and side options. As for their burgers being "tiny", I think that's a bit of a stretch.  Sure they're smaller than your average over-fed American sized burger...but these little gourmet packets of goodness are still 3 oz of meat.  Technically, I believe that qualifies as one portion of protein -- not too shabby.  I've tasted the lamb and veal burgers, both decent. Their hummus was ok, had a nice consistency but very strong with chili-powder/cumin flavor.  Just not my preference, but tasty overall served with fresh vegetables and pita triangles.  The short ribs and beans were also pretty good.  Nothing I tried gave me the "wow" factor (hence the three stars), but it's not to say this isn't a good place to go to get a well-made burger. If you order a couple of sides or starters along with one burger per person, this is plenty of food.  Your server will probably recommend about 2 burgers each, 3 if you're starving, but do we really need to eat that much?!  I'd say, if you're having appetizers, adding 2 burgers a person will completely fill you up if you are seriously hungry.This place overall has attentive service, along with a comfortable open-air casual vibe.  There is both indoor and outdoor seating.  Outdoors you get a nice misting that is just right to keep you cool but not soggy. On a Saturday for dinner, the majority of the crowd was definitely youthful (as in ages 15-19), but there was also good mix of families, and a few older and younger couples as well.
1	Uggghh...I'm really shocked by the positive reviews on Stax! My boyfriend and I went out for a late lunch and when the place we were headed to was closed, we randomly stopped at Stax. It looked nice enough and the menu sounded good, but right away I thought our server was kind of a biatch.We weren't that hungry and we had dinner plans in a few hours so we just decided to split a burger and an order of fries. Well, our waitress gives us attitude and is like "you're going to split a burger?? they're tiny, only 3 ounces." Okay, well first of all, I'm not a chef/baker/nutritionist so "3 ounces" really means nothing to me. Second, I don't remember the menu mentioning the size at all. I do remember thinking the burgers were pretty cheap, but it didn't say anywhere that you should order 2 or 3. Well our half sweet potato fries/ half tater tots arrived right away. Can I just complain that the names on the menu are so stupid. Totz and Sweet Pots?! Wtf - I was confused about what that even meant and why don't they have regular fries? The sweet potato fries were the highlight of our meal, the tater tots were really overcooked. It was like a tater tot chip. Well our tiny burger didn't come out for another good 15 minutes after that. I'm not sure why it took so long to cook since it's so small. When it finally came out, I took a bite of our turkey burger and said "uhh, it tastes really green." My bf didn't like it either and we ended up trying to push it on each other. I'm glad we only ordered the 1!I could see how a place like this would be cool for happy hour, but I wouldn't come here to eat the glorified white castle.
1	You get a TINY (tiny) burger for like 5 bucks, so to get a decent amount of food, you're buying like a $15 burger -- oh yeah, and fries cost extra. Seriously. If you're going out for a burger (salmon, in my case) go for the real deal and skip the scene.
4	My wife and I were having a lousy day and we needed somewhere to eat. We happened to drive past Stax and decided to give it a try. Once we sat down, our moods immediately improved. Our waiter was friendly, funny and attentive, without being overbearing or annoying. I was happy to see a decent selection of beers with a healthy dose of local brews. I immediately ordered an Oak Creek Nut Brown.Our waiter quickly brought our drinks and glasses of water with cucumber slices. The cucumber added a nice cooling touch on a hot summer day.We ordered the sweet potato fries and I ordered a seafood burger, which on that particular day was shrimp. The sweet potato fries were excellent, fried just right and lightly seasoned with kosher salt. Even without the homemade ketchup, the fries were a delight.My burger was tasty, with the shrimp lightly breaded and seasoned with a kicky teriyaki sauce and served on the bun with lettuce and thin strips of carrots. Also, the bun was very soft and tasty.The only issue with Stax is the price. The burgers are more like tapas, in that they're small (3 oz). But, each burger ranges from $4 to $7, depending on the type of meat. A hungry person could easily eat three burgers, so plan to spend a decent amount of money if you want a large meal here.Overall, a fun place to grab a lighter bite to eat.
4	Server was EXTREMELY nice!  Food was very good.  My sister-in-law, who is both picky and EXTREMELY pregnant, loved it too!  The server was even nice enough to slide the table out so she could get into the booth :)Buffalo and Kobe beef burgers were great!  My brother had some fish (with wassabi mayo) cleared his sinuses!!We will be going back!
3	I really like this place probably in large part because I can imagine myself torturing some of my snobbish vegetarian friends here. So many animals ground up and cooked to order for their force fed dining displeasure.In all seriousness the selection of meat is actually really good with everything from lamb, ostrich, antelope, and kangaroo to the standbys of beef, Kobe beef, and turkey. If a vegetarian friend follows you in there are even some veggie burger options for them. Overall I would like to give Stax more stars but I've had inconsistent experiences with burgers being awesome or under seasoned or slightly overdone. It's definitely worth a shake if your in the mood for something different or feel like doing something quasi-nazi to a vegetarian friend.
3	This isn't a place I'd go back to - once I tried an ostrich burger, a buffalo burger, and the lamb, the thrill was almost completely gone.  At almost 5 bucks a burger (mini-slightly-bigger-than-slider size burgers at that), the prices seem to reflect the restaurant's aim at getting everyone to try a few burgers and if you don't come back, well that's life.  Their sides - sweet potato fries, tater tots, fries - are priced lower (I want to say 3.95?), but you get a pretty large portion.  I'd say one order is ENOUGH for at least 2 people.  So the prices are very disproportionate, probably because its more of a novelty game than a long one.  Not too impressed, call me when you get some good happy hour specials going.
1	Horrible!I liked the concept for Stax, little customizable sliders with good bits of meat. It was sound in theory. But I'm afraid I'm going to have to shop around elsewhere for my mini customizable-burger joint because this place, quite frankly, sucked.The waiters led the five of us to a small four-seater table, counted us, shrugged, and then walked off. Ok ...Sides. The sweet potato fries, while cooked well, were tasteless. The onion rings tasted ok, but were a bit undercooked and so slid out of their breaded crusts. The tater tots, however, were pretty awesome and got caught up in the middle of a ravenous feeding frenzy until the basket was emptied.Burgers. Bleck. My wagyu beef burger was charred enough for it "burnt black" to be the predominant flavor, and my duck burger was dry AND tasteless. The only escapee from the dry patty afflication was a sloppy joe (to be fair, I'm not sure HOW you make a dry sloppy joe).Drinks. What drinks? No top ups on water, nothing. After about 15 minutes of empty glasses, the waitress finally and unceremoniously plunked down a carafe on one end of the table and walked off.Check. After telling us a split check was fine, the waitress plunked down one bill, and told us to itemize it ourselves. We handed back a clearly labeled reciept, and watched her puzzle over our fairly simple notation (We had numbered each item, it was MENSA grade complex. Really.). Ten minutes later (we had watched them puzzle for a while), one of the other workers came up to us and told me to just add it up for them. Now muttering dire threats under my breath, I added up everything on the back of the receipt (the waitress offered to lend me her calculator afterwards). Then, they offered to print us up the separate orders by seat. (Huh?)Their tip? "Tip has been adjusted to reflect accounting services provided." $0.00
3	I have been there several times over the last six months. No real complaints but not realy any WOWS! either. I enjoy the concept which is one of the main reasons we continue to go back. The "sliders" idea is great especially in large groups. I had the  waygu, Wild boar and caprese salad on the last visit. The salad was standard so cant complain there. The waygu was disappointing because I love Waygu steak but for the price not bad. The boar gave me as well my my friend stomach aches but we had never had it before so that may  be why. The white sangria is killer I think I had like four. Its a fun nice clean and contemporary place for a weekend lunch and can pretty much please any kind of eater.
2	I love the idea this place has, lots of different types of meats served on a burger in interesting ways. Here is what I don't love about this place, the burgers are not that tasty. I had the buffalo, lamb and beef burger and none of them stood out to me at all. I did enjoy the tater tots very much, but I was coming here for a tasty burger and didn't find what I was looking for.
4	You wouldnt think much from the outside but when walking in you will find a very modern and very clean place. Booth type tables that overlook a very trendy bar. Nice little touches like cucumber water and a great menu!The kobe beef burger is by far the best.  Very moist. I didnt care much for the ostrich burger it was kind of dry, but I am pretty sure that is how ostrich is.Its for sure a hip hang out.Nice bar. Great for mingling.Overall Stax is a very cool place.
3	Stax in my book is okay, not great, not bad, but just okay.After constantly driving by this place for the past 7 months and seeing the crowded patio I finally schluffed it up today and went in for lunch, in which I was the ONLY one there...hmmm, not good.Whatever it was 2:30, I could understand as most people are not particularly looking to eat a meal at that time of the day other than the hungover in Vegas. So the staff was exceptional, friendly and very laid back, always a plus to see people act like they're not really working so that added to the fun.Stax' concept is almost like it sounds, 3 ounce burger sliders that you could literally stack in front of you with options ranging from the traditional cheeseburger to more exotic items like the Ahi tuna slider. Being my first time, I opted for a safe option and ordered the Wagyu (Kobe beef) that was from Australia, which had me confused, wagyu is SUPPOSED to be from Japan, not Australia, so why even bother serving it, that's like serving Canadian lobster and advertising it as Maine, very confusing...Anyway I also had the chicken breast sandwich which was served with a very tangy pesto and spices that seemed to just make one's mouth go.... blllllllllllaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnndd. I think the best part of the meal was the sweet potato fries served with an wide assortment of aioli's from honey mustard to roasted red pepper, if anything when I go back I'll stick to these and definitely different sliders as I wasn't too impressed with what I ordered.
5	I stopped in here randomly one night; I passed by it before countless times and it always looked interesting.When I went the first time, the service was a bit slow, yes, but it was kinda busy. However, after hearing the menu explanation from our server, Ashley, my girlfriend and I were hooked. Build your own sliders? Hell yes! I loved the taste of them; just two of them almost stuffed me completely...but the sweet potato fries were to die for! I've honestly never had anything like this before! Plus, having a choice of meat (what they call "grind"), plus your own toppings, really makes this place an ingenious little treasure trove that I'm glad has stayed local. I've come back here for dinner for months afterward--it's like a family dinner night! All in all, love the service, love the food. And I'm perpetually entertained by the cucumber slices in the water.
1	updating my review because i'm totally pissed off! your hamburgers aren't good enough for me to constantly be super pissed off with you guys.i have come in several times with large parties, small parties, referred people here and i take it all back. i came in with a friend and we weren't given the table because they were holding it 'just in case' a larger party came in. what? we're your customers and guess what. we are here. now. are you SURE a larger party will come in?  no. are we not worthy of a seat because there aren't 5 us? well, according to stax that's the case. well F that. I will gladly go somewhere else and be sure to tell everyone how awful you are. besides, your 'just in case' guests are far more important than the ones currently there ready to pay. so long stax
4	Be aware that this really isnt a typical burger joint. Its more like a contemporary eatery. The burgers are sliders that are actually really tasty. I recommend getting two, I got the beef, but I imagine the wagu and turkey are good too. The sides we got were sweet potato fries, which I love and the tator tots which are very good as well. I didn't like how you have to pay an extra $0.25 for sauces but generally the food is reasonably priced.
4	I really really like this place. I have been here MANY MANY times. It's kind of my "first date with a guy" suggestion place. It is a fun atmosphere and I have never had anything but the best service. They really want to help you with the menu and have great suggestions. The waiter even made me a special drink and it was delicious. I always get the Wagu burger. Get two if you have a large appetite. The exotic burgers always please my friends (who are more adventurous than I am). The sweet potato fries are incredible but honestly ALL of the appetizers are delicious. I once went with a group and we ordered all appetizers. Again, it is a fun place and i will go there again and again. It never disapoints.
5	Literally as good as it gets when i s comes to out-of-the-ordinary-baby-burgers. They are so fun! They have everything from buffalo, ostrich, lamb, Kobe beef, turkey, veggie, and a few other. They have several of their favorites put together, such as lamb with a mango salsa and baby greens, to buffalo with a BBQ sauce, or you can build your own slider. They have some killer sides as well; regular fried, sweet potato fries and tater tots! "Gimme some of your tats!" They have several aolis that you can get to go with. Last I remember they had a weekend special for their sangria for $2 after 10 p.m. Probably some of the best sangria I have had in town! So yummy! You have to try!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the Valley. Every time I go out with friends we hit Stax. The food is great, one of the bartenders is hot! Haha, and the atmosphere is great. I never see crowds when I go in, and during the afternoon after lunch, you almost always have the entire place to yourself. It's a great place whether you have two people or ten!
3	Pricing was the best part about it!!I've heard that mac and cheese was something to try. I've only had the powdered cheese make-at-home brand, and this certainly tasted different.I had the southwest salad and a turkey burger. Both were lacking in favor but did have all sorts of fun toppings.BEWARE of ordering soda. There is no fountain, it is just little bottles.They do seem to have a happy hour and I believe that the drinks and lil' burgers would be perfect for such an event.
4	quite possibly the cutest burgers i've ever eaten (in the most masculine sense of the phrase of course). we each had one veggie and one tuna burger. both were very tasty, but the tuna was much more filling. with happy hour prices, we were able to enjoy a nice light dinner without spending too much. and the sweet potatoe fries were just the right amount of salty and sweet. my only gripe-and don't let this stop you from going-were the buns...almost too much bread for such a small burger, but on the bright side, the extra bun will help you fill up more, thus saving you from buying too many burgers and going overboard. and at 5:30 pm, we had the whole patio to ourselves.
2	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food7 Service8 Atmosphere6 ValueThe food is hit or miss, some mini-burgers are great, some are meh; and the sweet potato fries don't even come close to places like Delux.  The atmosphere is on the verge of trying too hard to look modern-chic, but does barely manage to stay legit and come across as cool - barely.The service (when I've been there - realizing that this is the most variable element of a place) wasn't timed well and didn't get stuff right.  I realize that it can easily be the kitchen's fault instead of the server's, but even in that case it's still the server's place to check the food before bringing it out - especially considering that it wasn't a busy night.
3	Stax just didn't stack up.  Maybe I have high expectations -- I see burger and I think big and juicy.  This little burger was neither.  Sure, it was cute and little and had good toppings -- cheddar cheese, caramelized onions and mushrooms, but the burger itself left much to be  desired.  I don't splurge on burgers often -- I'm talking calorie-wise -- and while I didn't have to feel too guilty about the few ounces of beef  I consumed, I didn't exactly get my burger fix satiated either.   At first glance, the prices seem pretty good.  But, if you're a big guy looking for a BURGER, (like my husband), you'll probably walk away disappointed.  And at four to seven dollars a pop, more than one can get a little pricey.The sweet potato fries were good and they came wrapped in brown wax paper in a cool little wire basket.  The restaurant is hip-looking and fun and does have those floor to ceiling glass doors that slide back, creating an indoor/outdoor restaurant perfect for Arizona's weather.  Might be a good burger place to visit with the girlfriends!  Or for a quick snack before you head out to the bars.
1	my boss asked me where we should go for lunch today and i was already a nervous wreck thinking he was going to fire me or something. why did he want to go to lunch??! i've been here 4 years and we have never had lunch. i think i got an ulcer worrying about it yesterday. anyway, i panicked and just started listing things that I knew would be close to work and some how stax popped out of my mouth. instantly i started thinking to myself  'oh, crap, why did you just say that? i hope he doesn't say he wants to go to stax' and then he was like 'hmm, stax sounds good' CRAP! so whatever, i'm an agreeable girl. and i did, afterall, suggest it... kinda.  we got a table and i ordered water w. lemon and he had a diet coke. when his DC came, i remembered another reason for hating this place. the DC came in a stupid bottle. i hate that they do that. its like they just want to find any reason to charge you for something stupid. i bet they wanted to charge me for my lemon slice, too. which, by the way, is the dumbest, lamest lemon wedge. you can't even squeeze it. totally pointless slice of lemon. i wasn't hungry so i just ordered a little burger and it looks so sad and wimpy on the plate. he took a bite of his chicken and put it down and it totally looked raw. so i look at my boss and he has this look of disgust on his face. sure enough, it wasn't cooked. he lost his appetite.they comped our meal but now he won't ever go back either. that makes another person i know of who will never eat there again. we left and the waitress came running out to ask if we wanted the receipt?? that's funny. so you didnt notice us the entire time to notice that my water was empty or his DC was gone? you didnt notice us when my boss tried to track you down to tell you his food was raw so he had to bring it to you?  but you notice us the second we leave so you can chase us down the street to give us a receipt?? ummmmmmmm. ya, i hate this place.
2	I'm not a fan of this place. They charge way too much for their little miny burgers & you have to pay for extra ketchup??!! Why would I want to go somewhere where ketchup costs extra? The only good thing is the sweet potato fries. The service was bad.
4	Went for dinner tonight and had a good meal.  Atmosphere is nice and the food was good.  The portions were just a bit small for my liking.  I did love the variety of meat you could select from.  I had a Kobe burger with a chipotle aoli that was very good.  The sweet potato fries were very good as well.  If you are looking for a nice place to get a burger and chill this is a good spot to check out.
4	Got the lamb and antelope (special) burgers. Lamb was excellent. Antelope tasted very similar to beef, and was also quite good. Their buns are perfect. I can't stop thinking about them.
5	$3 dollar sliders from 3-6pm daily!I have been a loyal customer of Stax since it first opened.  I love that as time as gone on they have expanded and developed their wonderful menu.You must try one of their many gourmet burgers which are the size of a slider.  My favorite is the turkey topped with a pineapple slice and guacomole. Since the burgers are small I suggest you either get two or try out their crispy tater tots with a side of spicy aioli, mac-n-cheese, or a wedge salad.While the interior is stark and modern the food is comforting.  A great place to grab a casual quick lunch in Old Town!
4	Love the concept and love the food! I had no expectations walking into Stax, but I was pleasantly surprised when the server explained how they operate there. Basically, they recommend you pick a couple different items because the size of the serving is much smaller than a normal burger joint. Some people may complain that the burgers or whatnot are too small, but I like the idea of smaller servings, but more variety. I enjoy trying different things when I go out to eat, so this was a perfect fit. If you're looking for a place that allows you to try a variety of options and even allows you to custom build your own burgers/sandwich, then Stax is a great option.
3	This was my 4th time here and am still not sure how many stars to give this place.  I am a fan of  the concept and the taste and selection of their burgers.  However, I am NOT a fan of:* paying a RIDICULOUS amount of money (like $5 and up) for a very very small burger* the piss poor parking situation of the restaurant and old town in general* the service when the place gets busy.  I mean its a small place so it doesn't take much to fill up.  I understand that the waitresses are working hard and that they are being pulled in 17 different directions at once so things may not be so speedy and they may forget things.  But come on...hire 3 more people so I don't have ask 3 times for a diet coke or wait 20 minutes for another burger because you brought the wrong one the first time.  I could go on but I won't....Anyway, I do quite enjoy their burgers.  I've tried several in the past but on this occasion I kept it simple and went with 2 of the regular beef.  They were very good.  Not worth 5 bucks a piece, but whatever.   I also had some of their fries, tots and aiolis but they are just ok.  Deluxe is still my fav for fries and that yummy aioli.
3	I really really really want to give Stax 4 stars but sadly, I can't.  Reason; most unfriendly server EVER!!! Good thing the food was good otherwise this place would be in trouble.  I asked for some sweetener for my tea and it was as if I had just asked her to go retrieve the blue diamond from the bottom of the ocean. Ok, enough bitching now for the part that really matters if you don't care about getting treated like dog crap...THE FOODI had a beef burger and a veggie burger. I love the size and presentation.  The beef was cooked to perfection.  The veggie (bound with quinoa and black beans I think)  was a bit mushy, but still yummy) The sweet potatoes fries were a little cold but I think it was because mean girl waitress just wanted us to suffer a little so she waited 5 minutes extra the bring them out.  Oh yeah and when we got our check I noticed that i was charged .25 cents for lettuce...WTF? I didn't even order lettuce??So my advice to you is sit at the bar and if you see a attractive girl with long brown hair, run the other direction!!
3	Pros - trendy, interesting selection of "exotic" meats for sliders (elk, lamb, etc.), good tater totes, good Arizona Peach beer, good service.Cons - a couple of the sliders were kind of dry, corn off the cobb had too much garlic.Thought the concept of gourmet sliders was interesting.  Was disappointed with a couple of the sliders because they were too dry.  I had to lamb and the elk.  The elk was very dry, but the lamb was delicious.
5	I ate at this restaurant for the first time today at lunch.  Their lamb burger, caprese, and sweet potato fries were absolutely delicious.  It was so nice to sit outside on the patio.  The service was great and the prices were very reasonable.
4	A bit more expensive than your traditional burger restaurant. I really enjoy the variety of burgers mixed with toppings. My favorite is the buffalo burger with muenster cheese, onion ring, and peach BBQ sauce with a light ale on tap. It's a little non traditional in that you order your sides separately and cost almost as much as the burgers. I had the smothered tots, which is basically tater tots and queso drizzled on top. Located right on Scottsdale Road, it has a good location. Parking can be a bit frustrating as you park behind the restaurant. Good atmosphere overall for a laid back drink.
3	Some of our food was good, some was eh.  My boyfriend and I went to Stax for lunch last Friday. Neither of us had been there and we wanted a place with patio seating. We started looking at the menu and Matt said he was going to order two burgers... He explained that the burgers are slider-sized after seeing the the "What a pig!" look on my face. So we each ordered two mini-burgers, shared an order of tater tots, and split a pbj sandwich for dessert. Regular Burger: Good, solid standard burgerBison Burger: Topped with an onion ring and peach bbq sauce. Pretty tasty. I tend to like bison since it's a little more lean. Turkey Burger: sounded WAY better than it was. Very bland. Would not recommend. Tater Tots: Crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside. Ordered their spicy dipping sauce for $0.50 extra, but the regular old ketchup was better. PBJ: We shared their peanut butter and jelly sandwich for dessert. It had almonds and banana in it too. It was almost too sugary-sweet, but it was so small we only had one bite each, so it was a good little "dessert" to satisfy my sweet tooth. Overall, I might head back if I'm in the area and craving a burger, but nothing outstanding compared to other great burger joints in town.
5	My husband and I went to Stax on a Saturday afternoon. He had read reviews on the place and took me there. When we arrived, I said OMG, not another burger joint? LOL! Turned out to be so different and was "great"! This is a very cool retro place! Our server/bartender, Bran, was actually one of the owners. He was very helpful with educating us on the menu and how it to be creative. You have the opportunity to try so much, but not spend a bundle! They serve mini burgers in a variety of meats! So, you can get as many as you want and even share! I love sweet potato fries and my husband loves tater tots. They offer the half and half deal and we were both happy! This is a place that we will revisit again! Next time I plan to try one of the customized macaroni dishes! Yum Yum!
3	Food - AMAZING. Service - Um.... not.I've been hearing rave reviews about Stax for ages. Hard to believe it took until today to get there, but with a case of the Mondays a coworker and I headed there for lunch hoping some fresh air and good food would rejuvenate us. The air was indeed fresh, and the food was delicious. I really loved the laid back atmosphere that we had during lunchtime. And there's definitely something fun about the entrance from the parking lot. The menu looked delicious and the idea of items small enough that I can try more than one always makes the indecisive crazy in my happy and quiet. We started with the tots as a starter and chipotle aioli. Presentation is pretty top notch at Stax. I loved that little fryer basket. Reminded me of the little shopping cart at Delux. Love :)For lunch I went ahead with the exotic burger of the day which was rabbit with mushrooms and tomato and the shrimp po'boy with better battered shrimp, onion, tomato and a delicious sauce... both with no tomato for me. They came exactly as I ordered and were wonderful. I honestly can't tell you which one I liked more; they were both fantastic in their own special unique way. Why the 3 stars then? The service left tons to be desired. Everytime we asked a question or wanted to order something, it was like we were being a pain and chore to our server. She always rushed her answers, never looked at us, never smiled, and always mumbled. I wish I could say I ordered an arnold palmer, but it definitely had no tea and the lemonade was so watered down it was as if I simply replaced my cucumber water with lemon water. At the end when we had finished our burgers, we still were enjoying our tots. Our server came over to ask if we needed anything else as she cleared our main plates to which we said no.Then.. the unthinkable happened.She took the rest of our tots without asking if we were finished. I've heard such good things, that I'll give it another go... but if I get bad service twice, Stax is off my list.
2	Ok, I guess I need to preface this review by stating I didn't fully know what I was getting myself into when I decided to eat at Stax.  I had anticipated a normal burger joint with your typical massive American proportions.  I was wrong.Stax is a small place with even smaller dishes.  The burgers are all sliders, and each one costs just as much as a normal sized burger at any other sit down restaurant.  Now, I'm not saying this is terrible for a date where you don't want to show your true colors by scarfing down a 2 pound burger in front of a new girlfriend; however, if you are hungry and want to fill up for under $10-15, it's not going to happen here.Aside from the diminutive proportions, the taste was honestly just not there for me.  It was really pretty marginal and forgettable.  That said, my friend who accompanied me enjoyed his burger, so I am sure some of their items taste great.  I do know that their sweet potato fries are one of these items...they are AWESOME!  Also, their little bar area looked like a cool place to hang out.So, there it is.  Go to Stax if you have some cash to let go of and are looking for more of a conversation place than a fill-you-up burger joint.
5	I've been to Stax several times in the past few months, and every time I've been incredibly pleased with my experience -- the food has been excellent, the service has been great, and the bill has come out to be very reasonable considering everything.It makes sense then that I chose to go here last Thursday with my sister and coworkers for my birthday lunch. I had been looking forward to treating myself to one of their delish Veggie burgers all week!I was a teensy bit disappointed by two things that day, however. 1. The music in the place was up SO LOUD that I could barely hear anyone at the table, and even though we asked our waitress to turn down the volume, I think she barely touched the dial, because I didn't notice any improvement whatsoever. And 2. Our service that day was not anywhere near what it had been on my previous visits. Our server simply disappeared once we were seated, so we didn't get to order for a looooong time, and I don't think she ever checked on us mid-meal.Still, despite my last experience there, Stax still remains a favorite, and I'll be a frequenter as long as the service goes back to the way it was before. I'm keeping them at five stars for now, but rest assured, I won't be afraid to bump them down if my next visit isn't better! Are you listening, Stax??
4	Very tasty. I was craving a burger & fries and picked this from a few options I found on Yelp. Actually, i drove by "Dave's.." but decided it didn't look like what I wanted as I did the drive by so I kept going and ended up at Stax. It is a bit pricey. However, it's tasty, high quality, and I had more than enough food. They have small burgers and intend for you to order more than one... It's not the best place to go if you're by yourself (which I was). They don't have small individual side orders, but you can get a basket of "Totz" (tatertot like things) or Sweet Potato fries. (I think they had poppers or other things but i don't remember.) There is an "Exotic" burger that rotates daily. I really was interested in the Wild Boar, but they had Rabbit on this day. bummer. I opted for a regular burger, spinach salad, and although i only needed about 1/4 of the order, a basket of totz. I took everything back to my hotel room, turned on the tv, and ate. It was all really good. The salad was fresh and had marinated tomatoes. (great choice... i would much rather have that than soggy out of season tomatoes.) The totz were still fresh and hot. (I ended up munching on most of the basket throughout the evening.) The burger was very tasty and perfectly cooked. It would have been better at the restaurant with company, but it was still a good meal!The person who served me at the bar was very friendly, helpful with suggestions, and checked in on my a couple of times while I waited. Actually a couple of people asked if I needed anything - water, etc. while I was waiting. It was nice.
2	If you want to meet friends for drinks at a pretty chill place this would work.  I liked the decor (happy) and they had SunBru on tap (yum) and we started off the meal with their tater tots (awesome)...but once we started eating the main burgers (btw--kind of pricey since they're so small and need 2-3 per person) everything came crashing down. Between the 15 people in our party we pretty much covered all the burgers (sliders) and all of them we're "just ok"...I say come here for the tots and a beer...the burgers are mediocre and expensive.
5	Very good burgers, they are little ones, but very tasty.They have $3.00 per burger special from 3-6pm. Outstanding local beer selection, good  and fast service. I will go back to this place for sure!!!
4	Hey this is a pretty neat little place. Went here once about two months ago. Service was quick during the height of lunch. Food is little, but with huge taste!I got the reuben, it was awesome. .
4	The 4-stars are for the happy hour.  Cheap, but tasty red sangria and a handful of $3 sliders to choose from.  I like the beef slider, the turkey slider, and the black bean slider.  The bean slider with guac and pico on top is my favorite!  Two sliders and a basket of sweet potato fries is the perfect amount of food, and this is my new favorite stop for pre-movie cheap eats.  Love it.
4	Hand me a slider and I get giddy. There's just something silly about a slider. Yes, it's just a mini burger but it's fun to eat so I fully approve of any restaurant that serves them and how about Stax that only focuses on the mini sandwiches! Stax is in a prime Old Town location. Next door to the Galleria, the Waterfront and my favorite nail place, this has been a lunch and dinner destination of mine several times over the years. Stax serves a wide variety of sliders and while they used to focus mainly on burgers, they've recently added grilled cheese and other meaty sandwiches to the mix. Gracias! My favorite slider is the turkey burger because I'm a sucker for anything guacamole and pineapple. I also like their Wagyu which is the Kobe Australian with blue cheese and spicy ketchup. For the fries, I normally go with totz. Gotta love your totz! I also really like their salads, especially the wedge and caprese. I like Stax mostly because I can fulfill my burger craving in a reasonable manner. Normally, my meal of choice includes a mini burger, salad and I share the fries. It's the perfect afternoon lunch. But if you go there for dinner, or want an afternoon cocktail...try the root beer vodka and soda. It tastes like a drunken root beer float. They also have nice flat screen TVs for watching a game and a nice patio if you want to enjoy the weather (when it's not under construction).
3	We had a large group, and were able to make a reservation ahead of time which was awesome for a saturday nite.  though the place wasn't as busy as I would have expected.  Could be the construction right in front though - it totally obscures the enterance - just fyi.  Great concept (tons of styles and flavors of sliders), and probably most of the burgers are really good.  Unfortunately mine was not so great.  I got the ahi slider.  The flavors were good, but the burger was really dry, and didn't have enough sauce on it.  However the loaded tots and the sweet potato fries were both delicious!  Also the margaritas totally hit the spot!Enjoy!
4	I am a fan of Stax.  I've been coming here since they opened.  Delicious food, especially the Sweet pots, Tots and Mac & Cheese.  Who doesn't like Mac & Cheese?  And obviously, the Sliders... My only con is the happy hour.  It is from 3p-6p daily.  However, it's very difficult to get in right at that time.   Sometimes we get in at 2 or 2:30p.Honestly, the food is great, but if you're not getting the happy hour prices, you are overpaying.  We visit for happy hour about every 3 weeks.   However, if the happy hour were extended from Open until 6pm, we would definitely visit at least once per week, maybe even more.I really wish the owner would consider this, because we would love for it to happen.Also, as far as the reviews regarding poor service...   The secret is to sit at the bar.  - FYIAND...  During one of our visits...  We actually met the guy who walks around dressed as a Super Hero.  This time it was Batman!  I asked him what he was up to.  His reply, with a roll of the eyes, "Fighting Crime!"
4	This is my favorite burger joint in the Scottsdale area.  I've never had bad service, and I always love the food.  What's especially unique and enjoyable about Stax is that their "Exotic" burger on the menu is always changing, depending on the time of year.  No matter what it is, I usually have it, though.  I also love the Wagyu beef burger, the Buffalo burger, and the basket of the sweet potato fries!  But it's allllll good.Make this one of your next stops in Old Town Scottsdale, and sit outside if you can.  There's plenty of great people-watching to enjoy along Scottsdale Road.
4	Mini burgers aren't a new idea or anything, but I have a habit of showing up to a restaurant starving and over ordering, so if a place can take care of the portion control for me I'm pretty pleased.  The food is great - normally I get a Buffalo burger with sweet potato fries, and sometimes I'll toss in a Sloppy Joe for sentimental reasons, but the bartender Marshal has got to be one of my favorite parts. Always friendly. Comfortable place that's great for happy hour or as a stop during your normal Old Town rotation.
3	Good but not great. The only stand out for me was the chili cheese queso tots. Burgers were ok, not great.  Inn and Out is still a better choice for a great burger, and at a much better price.
3	Lil' burgers done right.  Ordered the build your own turkey, sweet potato fries, & the white peach sangria.  All were delicious.I imagine the close construction might be hampering this business but it is worth the hassle of negotiating.Did I mention my sangria was only $4 each!
5	Just moved down here to Scottsdale and I love finding places like this! Food was really good, I had a wild boar burger with coconut curry sauce and carmelized onions along with the standard beef/bacon/cheese burger. Both were delicious and their tator tots are AMAZING, brought me back to being a kid and eating tots, yet still were prepared and served in a classy way, nothing like well done spuds!Service was really good also. The bartender spent quite a bit of time talking to me about local beers they have, their menu, where they get their meats and then suggested that I get the wild boar burger.  He was right on, friendly and helpful.Two thumbs up for good service, good food, good location, cleanliness, and an all around good experience. Only downside is that it is a bit pricey...
4	Great place to try different styles of burgers.  Good sweet potato fries.  Try the lamb burger.
5	So I have been to Stax a few time's now and figured I might as well start my Yelp experience on this amazing place. The burger's they are serving up here are legendary. all the burgers and sandwiches come on slider sided portions, so you never all have overfill yourself with the sheer goodness of these burgers. I always get 2 or 3 different types of burgers when i get there so I can try all the different types of meats offered. The menu always comes with some exotic type of game on the menu. You can get wild hair, wild boar, even  kangaroo!!! Grab a could different burgers and a nice plate of the smothered tot's and I'm sure you'll have an outstanding day
4	Stax.  The word does not reference the size of the burgers available at this bistro, but more the vast quantity of ingredients available to stack ONTO your little patty of heaven.   Start with options of meat such as Kobe beef, wagyu, ostrich, duck, lamb, turkey, and black bean (some are standard, and some are available only on special).  Time to add some toppings.  Any cheese of choice...veggies, sauces, whole grains, foie gras, pretty much anything you can think of!  Purchase them one at a time, or get a bunch of different ones to share at the table.  For those of you that have a hard time making decisions, just flip the menu over and select from one of the house favorites (all the ingredients are pre-selected for you).  Then move onto the sides....my personal favorite - the tator tots (although the sweet potato fries are a close second).  Again with the choices - do you want bbq sauce to dip them in, or ranch?  Chipotle aoli, or pepper sauce?  The list goes on and on!  Finally - pick a frosty beer or fruity cocktail to enjoy along with your meal, or just sip on the cucumber water brought to the table.  What I love about Stax is that it is casual, but chic.  The food is delicious, but affordable.  The portions are small, but still shareable.  They have a fabulous happy hour, and offer great specials on the weekends if you're looking for a place to chill on the patio and drink/eat the day away.  And it's right in the heart of Old Town!  Definitely one of my faves!
4	A fellow yelper (thank you Georgeann G!) introduced me to Stax a few years ago when I was still living in AZ, and this became an occasional spot of mine to start a night out in Scottsdale because they had (I don't think they do this anymore) $2 sangria's after ten. It was also nice to maybe get a slider or share some fries/tots before debaucherous activities ensued. I had never had an actual meal here though until recently when I was in AZ, and it was pretty damn tasty! I came here with a friend of mine and we each decided to order two sliders and then we split a caprese salad, tots, and mac & cheese (before you judge the amount of food we ordered keep in mind the salad and mac & cheese were clearly intended for only one person!). Everything tasted yummy! The two sliders I went with were the buffalo burger & the ahi burger (I thought this one was slightly overcooked, but then again I like my ahi pretty raw). My vegetarian friend got a veggie slider and the pb&j, which she liked. I actually tasted the pb&j and can vouch for the fact that is was yummy! The mac & cheese was creamy, which I like and the caprese salad came with yellow tomatoes which i LOVE! The tots were hot & crispy, and we decided to get the jalapeno and "spicy" ailoi's with them. I like spicy, but I found the "spicy" aioli to be too overpowering. For drinks, I went with the a white sangria, which was delicious! I had never heard of this before, but it was white wine and I believe some sort of peach juice (or nectar). My friend got a cucumber margarita, which I tasted and was also yummy ( I'm normally NOT a fan of flavored margaritas, but the cucumber taste was subtle). The service here was good and I like the atmosphere. They have tables, booths, and a bar area w/ a flat screen TV. The prices here are reasonable IMO. The bill for the two of us was about $50 for food and drinks and we had plenty. In fact, I think we could have done without one of the sides and would have been fine. I'm a fan of Stax and I'll be back!
5	Mmmm. Delicious tiny burgers. Made with strange and mysterious beasts from afar. Quail, bison, alligator. All delicious and all served in smaller-bite morsels so you can try even more of them. Trust me, at this restaurant, variety really is the spice of life. Nothing I tried was bad. The quail burger was a surprising winner of the spread I went through. But even that was a hard call. Even their sloppy Joe was awesome. And if you go, do not forget to try their chorizo and cheese topped tater tots. It. Is. Amazing. A definite do no miss.
3	Sliders, a simple and traditional idea done very well.Four of us went to Stax on a Monday night for a light dinner. I love their concept of having their sliders with 3oz protein portions. It keeps the sizing consistent when varying different meats.We wanted to sample a decent portion of their menu so we ordered a basket of onion rings to begin. The batter was light and fresh, not greasy at all. Could have used a little bit more seasoning, but I really enjoyed the crispiness of the rings.Then we ordered their exotic special, which was ostrich, short rib slider, original beef, and the ahi slider. We tried to order the vegetarian slider and the turkey slider, but they were out of both. This was disappointing for a Monday night. I would figure that they would have a fresh delivery to begin the week.The short rib slider was great. I enjoyed the horseradish aioli that was on the short rib with crispy shoestring onions. Great texture and a very good combination of flavors. The original beef slider was a classic that was done exceptionally well. The beef was seasoned and cooked perfect with melted cheddar cheese, grilled onions and sauteed mushrooms. The mushrooms are a great way to add a little more dimension to the traditional slider. The ahi slider is my favorite. I have ordered this several times and it never disappoints. It's seared on both sides, being rare in the middle. It is crusted in sesame seeds and served with a wasabi aioli and sprouts. It's cool and refreshing for a slider. Going with the exotic special, I was disappointed with the ostrich slider. I've had ostrich before, and this wasn't prepared in the best way. The toppings for the slider were melted provolone and a small diced bruschetta, which had great flavor. However, the ostrich itself was cooked sub-par. I'm not sure what happened, but the outside was seared and charred. I literally struggled to cut it with my knife. After nearly destroying the bun to cut through, I found it to be a beautiful mid-rare in the middle. Ostrich has a unique taste, and the parts that were mid-rare gave the ostrich its great taste. However, if you got an end bit that was charred on 3 sides... not so good, at all.Concept: 4 StarsSides: 3 StarsSliders: 3 Stars (would have been 4, except being out of 2 sliders is not good, especially when they're the "healthier" sliders available.)I've been to Stax a handful of times and it's a cool little spot in Old Town. I'd recommend an afternoon snack at Stax when they have a selection of $3 sliders, sides and beers (some AZ beers too!)
4	I have visited Stax now many times and much to my surprise it's just great every time I go. All their burgers are 3 oz portions...2 burgers equal a medium size burger and 3 of them equal a large burger. I love that they have a menu of exotic meats (rabbit, kangaroo, ostrich, etc) and then a variety of other burgers. I've had almost every burger there and they are all so wonderful. Even their PB&J! One thing you have to also try is their mac & cheese! It's wonderful! For a girl (and I can eat for a girl)...I usually get one or two burgers and a side of the mac & cheese. You cannot go wrong with any choice of burgers here at all. I've never had any salads there yet but I am looking forward to trying them as well. Great casual place, great food, great service and great prices!
4	So I am here with a recommendation of am amazing chopped salad.  I didn't know my recommendation was to BURGER PLACE!  I do have to say it is more of finer dining place still.  I got the turkey grind to go with my salad.  I was wondering what the heck is a turkey grind??? It has to the best turkey burger patty I have ever had in my life!  I guess I just give it 4 out of 5 until I try sometime more customary.
4	I decided to deem Stax a good option if you want a decent meal in a timely manner like for lunch or before you go out on a weekend night. It's not quite the place to enjoy a leisurely meal, but it's still a decent time! I have tried several of their sides now in addition to the burgers and be warned: looks can be deceiving! Sure the sides look like they will be small, but that little casserole bowl they come in is like the bottomless pit! I like the mac and cheese and the corn off the cob. The tots will always be my favorite fries there. The spinach dip was only OK. It's a little thick and just didn't vibe right. But everything else is great!
4	Really nice concept!Like a lot of other places in Scottsdale, it tries to be a bit more hip than need be, but I guess you have to play to your audience. The decor is interesting but definitely form over function. I felt like I did the time I accidentally sat in a chair at a modern art gallery that was actually meant to be an exhibit.Like a previous reviewer mentioned, it's a tad annoying that the diet cola comes in a little glass bottle, basically preempting the possibility of any refills. As a diner, I like that soda to flow and flow. It's my method of portion control. It's not cute, at all. It's just annoying. So, minus one star for the uncomfortable decor and little glass bottles.The rest of it was an easy "A". The sliders are awesome and there is enough variety to suit anyone (other than my vegan brothers and sisters, holla!). We also got an order of tots which was plenty to share. If you're a light eater, definitely do not order more than two sliders. But, if you're a might peckish or William "Refrigerator" Perry, go for three or more.Actually, if you're The Fridge, get four or five.
4	Definitely a favorite spot to visit in downtown Scottsdale.  Love the burgers, and love that you can get a little bit of this and a little bit of that.  I usually end up with the buffalo and the turkey, and a side of sweet potato frieds.This place is never crowded, reasonably priced (as long as you don't go overboard when ordering), and the service is quick too.  Plus, convenient parking (always a plus in downtown Scottsdale!)Only thing I don't like (like others mentioned) is that their soda comes in a little bottle, which seems wasteful (both enviromentally and monetarily.)  But other than that, nothing negative to say.  Always a good, reliable place in Scottsdale to get some good food.
3	My cousin and I went to this restaurant because she promised me it had a better burger than Delux. I think that accounts for the 3 stars. The food was delicious, the waitress nice, the atmosphere so-so. I don't know if they have regular sized burgers, but it seemed that they do not. The burgers were slider style. I loved that you could get more than one flavor, but none of the flavors beat Delux... or Chelsea's Kitchen.... or the Metro Brasserie. But worth eating nonetheless!
3	I have always driven by this place, but never thought to eat there until a friend recommended we go there last night. I am a vegetarian, so burger places don't usually stick out to me. However, I was very impressed! It is a cute casual little place, the decor is "hip." It reminds me of a Fox Concept restaurant (which i love). I was most excited to see they had black bean burger sliders, and I also tried a grilled cheese slider. The grilled cheese was so good! I was actually pleasantly surprised, mushrooms with muenster cheese on sour dough (I had them hold the caramelized onions). The sweet potato fries were good as well.I would actually give 4 stars, but I am giving 3 because our waitress was a little rude to us. I  tend to ask a lot of questions about the menu, and also like to make conversation with the server! She was not having it. When I asked about the "seasonal beer" I was actually kind of snapped at for not being familiar with what type of beer it was...so I quickly ordered a kilt lifter and called it a day! We later found out she had been there since noon (it was 10 pm) and was exhausted and about to leave...so I wouldn't judge her or Stax too harshly on her behavior, but not having to discuss our server's mood during the meal would have added another star to this experience! :) I will still definitely be going back, I have faith it will then be a 4 star experience. :)
5	Delicious and savory burgers and unique mixture of ingredients. The service was warm, honest and genuine.  I would recommend to anyone.
4	I've been to Stax a couple times, and after my review hiatus, I am happy to make this spot my "Comeback"! I popped in for lunch today with three former coworkers. It's been a bit rainy and cold, so grabbing a seat was a bit of a challenge. We snatched up the open seats at the bar, and had a delicious little lunch.My meal consisted of a shared portion of tots (complete with dipping sauces: jalapeno, chipotle, fry, ranch, ketchup, and hot) and a couple of their sliders (venison and buffalo). One thing to note, is on their exotic menu, they have rabbit. I really wanted to try this, but it was unavailable today. Next time! I'd also like to try their Mac n Cheese. Lot's of different options.Since I have become a healthier eater since moving to Scottsdale, I think that I would share the Mac and Cheese with a good person.While we were sitting at the bar, the manager (maybe the owner) made simple conversation with us. Gave us his opinion on some of the menu items, and was a nice guy. Didn't come off as a douche, or as a salesman. Came off as a friend at the bar. The way it should be.All around, a great experience. Solid place for good food. Also...check out the fantastic beer selection.
4	Burgers were delicious - high quality meat, innovative combinations, serving sizes were perfect as sliders so you could mix and match.Great space, but loud and more for groups than just chatting.  Fast and friendly service, AND.......they let me have my dog w/me on the patio!I am a buyer. Extra points for having bison, venison, and lamb - high quality, at that. My finicky and trendy nieces loved it as did my ultra picky parents.
1	I think that I made the mistake of going into Stax when I was really, really hungry.All of their burgers are 3oz. And they aren't really priced well--I think that they start around $5. Since it took me about 3 to be satisfied and my date 4, it just wasn't worth it.
4	The sliders are super yummy, and the happy hour is good.  I love the fact that this place serves tots, and have exotic burger choices.  Two sliders is a perfect small meal, and it is fun to build a unique one.Service is friendly, and the restaurant is clean and contemporary.
3	I had mixed feelings about this place.  If I could I would give it a 3.5.Pros:  Fast and polite service.  I like the idea of being able to order and try a bunch of different things.  The variety of protein choices is great and any place that has TOTS is a friend of mine.  I like the build your own burger idea too.  The food tasted great!  Love the variety of sauces.Con: COST.  You think you are getting away with a cheap meal because each burger is $4-6 but when you realize eating 1-2 sandwiches doesn't really cut it- then you start to accumulate a very expensive meal.  My boyfriend could probably eat 4 which would equal about a $20+ meal on burgers!  I think the price should definetly be lowered to $2-4 a sandwich if they're gonna keep the slider size.  I'm not even a big meal eater and I did not feel anywhere near full after eating some tots and 1 burger.
5	Okay.  Vegetarians, beware.  You will see cute animals on the menu.  The Buffalo Stax Style is so so great.  Turkey burger is yummy as well.  Tots are awesome.   Really.. everything is pretty yummy!   In short, it's slider heaven on a bun.
3	Stax has great food and great prices.Drinks are amazing, Especially the Sangria.However I was not impressed with the wait staff  both the times I have visited the restaurant. They were almost rude, not attentive and didnt seem to be enjoying themselves Our waitress also made sure that we knew that we needed to tip on the whole bill not just on our share like we didnt know how to tip correctly. Rude.
3	Great burgers! Just know the food is going to be a little bit different from what you may be used to. If the food sounds good on the menu you'll be happy when you arrive. I would give this place 5 stars, but they don't have a soda gun so I have to pay extra for every 12oz Diet Coke I drink. I think that's ridiculous.
4	I love this place. Their sweet potato fries are to die for (try them with the chipotle sauce!). The sliders are nice and small enough where you can sample more than one and with such an exciting exotic menu you just can't help yourself! I had the wild boar burger which was unbelievable. The lamb is also really nice. I don't recommend the antelope unless you know (and like) what to expect from game meats. I was a little dissapointed last time I went. I was visiting from out of town and insisted I make a stop at this place. Their exotic that day was duck confit. It was a little bit of a cop out but who knows, maybe they couldn't get anything else. The thing that sucked is that it really wasn't even great duck confit. Anyway, sweet potato fries. sweet potato fries. Build your own mac & cheese menu. sweet potato fries. They make their sangria in house too and its a wonderful and refreshing drink to enjoy on their airy pateo looking out over Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Huge fan of this bistro. Everyday or two there is a new exotic meat that you must try.The staff is super awesome and Brant is my go to guy.I highly recommend sangria sundays, the wagyu and veggie burger are my absolute favorites. Not to mention, the sweet potato fries and Purple Haze beer. If you like sliders, this is the best place to go in scottsdale.
5	Fantastic burgers, I really like the exotics!  Sweet potato fries are great.  Wait staff has always been happy and polite.
4	Definitely a place to check out. The burgers are a little small but perfectly presented. I had the sloppy Joe (wasn't so sloppy but nonetheless, it was good). This place also has a bar area to grab a beer or a cocktail.  You gotta try this place at least once.
5	This place is awesome.  LOVE the specialty game/meat selection.  Would've tried every one of them, if they were available. Settled for the Antelope burger, and the lamb burger.  Also great beers on draft.
5	My favorite place to eat when I visit the Phoenix/Scottsdale metro area. Make sure to visit during happy Hour.  The burgers are amazing and the Tater-tots are unmatched. If I ever own a restaurant, it will be modeled after Stax!
5	Best gourmet burgers in town!  Love the small portions that allow you to sample a few different kinds, including a couple of exotic meats.  Every burger I have ever had there was delicious.  My all-time favorite sandwich there, however, is the short rib, which is more like pulled pork.  They have great spinach and artichoke dip and sweet potato fries.  Service is outstanding.  And they are only one of two places in Scottsdale that serves Four Peaks Peach Ale on tap.  Mmmm...that's it -- I'm going back TONIGHT!
4	This place is a fun and great concept. I didn't like how everything were slider styles. So if i could i would rank this 3.5 but we can't so i rounded it up because the service/bartender was great.To be honest trying out all their "exotic meats" do interest me, but i could pass on them because they are just sliders. It's to be honest the make your own mac n cheese thats really good. I love that and would go back to do it again. reasonable price for it (in my opinion)
5	We love this place.  The burgers are always top notch and the service is wonderful.  We go here as a relatively inexpensive night out amidst all the gloss of Scottsdale.  Yet still have a top notch experience.
4	Went here last night with the husband.  We both loved it!  Great staff, short wait and good food.  Each burger is 3 oz., so they're not that big but they're made well.  Each one has its own unique flavor/style, which we appreciated.  When we usually go out, we tend to pick a bit of everything.  So we liked getting to pick several different sliders to try...  Our favorites were the Veggie burger, the Wagyu and the Short Rib staxwhich.  Also, the new sweet potato tots were perfection!  Will definitely be going back again; there's more food to try!  *B
4	Friend and I stopped here on a whim while on out for girls night.  The burgers (sliders) are quite tasty. We each ordered 2 sliders made our way and shared an ordered of smothered totz.  The staff was very friendly and took the time to walk us through how to order.  I will definately be back here!  Oh and yes they serve adult beverages as well.
4	This place is awesome!My roommate, her niece and I came here a few days ago after shopping at Scottsdale Fashion Square. The ambiance is really cool with funky light fixtures and chairs. Our service was top notch (Thanks Kyle!) - our waters were never empty and he was very informative about the menu.We had the rings, totz and sweet pots plus the 5 various aiolis. My favorite was the spicy aiolis since the main ingredient was sriracha!For the main course we had: the buffalo burger, turkey burger, and the chicken burger.I love that they come in slider sizes because it gives you a variety of choices to pick and choose from so you're not committed to just one burger. I will definitely be back for more and to get my drink on!For a good laugh and pictures, visit my blog at: http://www.adventuresofahungrylatina.com/2011/07/dont-judge-burger-by-its-size.html
4	The southern golfer cocktail was fantastic! A great drink for the summer. I ordered sweet potato fries, Kobe beef burger, and the sloppy Joe. The fries were great and I loved the sloppy Joe. When was the last time you had a sloppy Joe? Not since the 90s for me. The place is great, and you can choose a burger they have created (which is what I did), or you can build your own from scratch, or make substitutes. You can't go wrong. The Kobe beef burger was fine, but i ended up scraping off the asparagus,  just not for me.
4	Decided to try something new today so stopping into Stax for some Sunday lunch sliders.  We were feeling a little adventurous so I ordered the Antelope slider which had a raspberry jalapeno jam and the Buffalo slider which is topped with Muenster cheese, an onion ring and peach BBQ sauce; my friend also got the Antelope slider and he got the Wagyu which has bleu cheese, asparagus tips and spicy ketchup.  We of course started out with the sweet potatoe fries which come with 5-6 different dipping sauces.My favorite slider was the Antelope, the raspberry jam added a great flavor and the meat wasn't as different tasting as I was expecting.  The Buffalo was good but the BBQ sauce was a little overpowering and I didn't really taste the peach in it.  The Wagyu was good too but it's really just like a regular slider since it's still beef.  The sweet potato fries were delicious as well.  Perfectly cooked and the dipping sauces were awesome.The waitress was really friendly and checking with us frequently to make sure we were doing okay and refilling water, definitely a plus in my book.  I'm going to try to make it back on a day when they're serving Kangaroo and/or Ostrich, can't wait to see how those taste!
4	I have yet to have something I didnt like here.Theyre (shockingly) never busy, and the bartenders/waitresses are always super nice. Local beers on tap and a selection of tasty signature cocktails.Fave manu items include (so far): Tater tots w/ aiolis, Sloppy Joe stax, Shrimp poboy, Caprese salad, Grilled cheese, PB&J (great as a dessert), Beef stax, Grilled turkey stax, Mac and Jack, and Peanut butter pazookie.You really cant go wrong here. Theres something for the adventurous, the not so adventurous, and the uber picky eater.Ask for the build your own mac and cheese menu. You wont be sorry.
3	I ordered food for pick up.  On the phone the server was kind enough to let me know the veggie burger was a slider size so that I could order accordingly.  I ordered the veggie burger (quinoa black bean patties/guac/pico de gallo), sweet pots (sweet potato fries) and the mac n jack (mac n cheese).  The slider was hearty for its small size and the sweet pots were a generous portion.  Both were tasty and fresh.  Mac n Jack was softer than I like and although it had the right amount of cheese, it didn't have enough flavor.  (I will heat the rest up tomorrow in the oven to get the crisp top that I prefer on mac n cheese!)  Overall I enjoyed my experience.  I will definitely go back for a sit-down meal.  Sorry, I was too hungry to take pics!
5	I had the Smothered Tots, and the Beef burger with cheddar, sauteed onions, and avocado! The smothered tots are by far my favorite of any junk food to munch on! I always have cravings for smothered Tots, and now I can just go here to satisfy the cravings, and it's such a relaxing environment.The burger was good too, I am not adventurous to try anything else like Bison, but I enjoyed the beef!
3	My visit to Stax was full of pro's and con's.Pro's (because I always like to start on a positive note)-  #1- Very unique menu, with slider sized burger options that include turkey, buffalo, lamb, veggie, ahi, swai (white fish), shrimp po boy, reuben, short rib, grilled cheese, and pb&j.#2- Cool venue and ambience with hot girls as servers.#3- Good food.Cons-#1- Overpriced for what you get. I think you are paying for the location of the restaurant.#2- Although the girls are hot, they are not very friendly or attentive.I'm giving Stax an average rating of three stars as the cons definitely dragged down the pros.
5	I have tried the Kangaroo and Buffalo burgers with Tots and I must say I'm very impressed. The atmosphere is laid back and relaxed. Very unique menu.
2	Sweet potato tots were great. The wagyu burger was ok, the elk burger was overcooked, which broke my heart. Buns were a bit on the stale side. Of the 6 different sandwiches at our table, consensus was that the grilled cheese ruled the day. Service was cool and helpful in describing the menu. Would go back for beer & tater tots, but, sadly, not for the burgers.
4	Cute decor-who doesn't like IKEA? Attentive service. We ordered a couple beers and the sweet potato tots. I decided on the Ahi burger and the veggie burger, and my sister went with the two sandwiches: PBnJ and the grilled cheese. Everything was delicious!!!! Unfortunately for us we arrived about 30 min prior to happy hour, but we managed to get a couple beers at the $3 happy hour price. I've been here once before and since then it looks like they added a few items to the menu. I'll have to go back to try the shrimp po-boy and the red snapper burger!
2	First the good news: The location just south of the canal on Scottsdale Road at Camelback is terrific. The interior is cool/chic. That's about it. Now the bad news. First: the beer. They advertised that they had Sedona Brewery beer, but when I asked the server, he said, "we don't have it yet". If you don't have it, don't advertise it. (Side note - Sedona is brewing some really fine beers these days.)Next: the food: sliders. Although the menu makes it appear that there is a wide variety of sliders, my experience and tastebuds say, "nope." I had the lamb and the buffalo sliders, and an order of sweet potato tots.Lamb: boring and poorly seasoned. (How do you make lamb boring?)Buffalo: boring and poorly seasoned. (Tasted just like the lamb, which was like hamburger. Whoop-ti-freaking-doo.)Sweet Potato tots: boring and poorly seasoned. The texture was nice, though.Finally: the price. Six bucks per slider. (Did I mention this a 3 ounce slider.) Seriously? I can go to Delux and get a half pound Delux Burger for 9 bucks. It tastes like heaven, the atmosphere is just as chic as Stax and they don't advertise beer they don't have. Why would I eat a six dollar slider that tastes like In-n-Out?I guess this is a place you go when you're already a little lit up and want to hang with the beautiful people and don't care what the food tastes like because you are more interested in being perceived as hip and happenin'.Avoid it if good food means anything to you.
4	Arrived just after happy hour (why is happy hour so early out here?)  I sat at the bar and ordered a white sangria, veggie slider and sweet potato fries.  Everything was really good and the presentation was elegant.  Nice modern feel to the spot (reminiscent of NY).  Kyle the bartender was great.  He brought me 3 different types of aioli to try with my fries.  Now that I know that the dining experience is good (had takeout last time), I'll come back more often.
5	i love this place! great atmosphere, delicious food, and moderate prices.if you want a fun, unique, and tasty place in scottsdale, this is the place for you.p.s. order the buffalo and lamb sliders + sweet potato fries. amazing!
1	It's basically $5 for a slider.  I had a bacon cheeseburger, and the short rib.  Both were average if not forgettable.  Beers are $5, so there's really no reason to ever go back.  I would much rather go get a burger for $10 that comes with fries anywhere else.
3	When they said 3 oz burger, they really meant it.  For the proportion challenged, that really means a mini burger.   It was good mini burger, juicy and good consistency, but left me hungry.  Apparently they hope you mix and match, but I'm a simpleton.   If you are looking to be full off one burger, this is definately the wrong place.  Although It's probably the right size for that cute date of yours.  The tots are amazing.  If anything just come for the tots.  The entire sweet potato craze has really diminished its novelty.  However these tots bring back the magic.  They found a fine balance between crunchy and juicy.  They're sweet, crispy, and filled with chunks of sweet potato goodness. $3 tap happy hour is quite enticing, but with only Four Peaks and a specialty beer (Sex Panther), this place won't be first on my happy hour list.  This is a good pre-party hangout for the not so thrifty . With a nice bar and chic design get some tots, a drink, and maybe a burger; and be on your way.
3	It's good.  A little eclectic and a lot overpriced.  The burgers are varied and all mini...they suggest you mix and match.  Shrimp Po Boy, Rabbit, Buffalo, etc.  That's fine, but then the price gets a little mighty.  They have sweet potato fries and I like mine with a brown sugar/cinnamon dusting, but that's not how they do it here.  Another side option is tots.  They are the tots I used to eat in the 8th grade cafeteria.  I loved them then and I liked them now smothered in queso.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
4	The burger sliders were good.  Stay away from the chicken sliders. The service was great and the sweet potato fries were delicious.  It would have been 5 stars if I didn't order the chicken slider.  Oh, and a good location too.
5	We don't like to repeat restaurants on vacation, but we visited this restaurant on our spring training vacation this year and last year. Their small burgers are great size so u can have 2 and experience more flavors! Sweet tots and smothered tots are great, and we haven't found a bad sandwich. Wild boar, wagu, chicken, quinoa and the pb&j are all our favorites! I cannot believe how delicious the pb&j is!! Highly recommend trying different burger types in one visit here!All sides are a la cart and sandwiches are smaller, but if you're looking for something unique and different, this is a sure stop!  Prices may be considered high, but when you try the food, it's understandable.  Happy Hour is early if you want the cheaper prices.
1	Bueno Burger is much better. Five guys is better. McDonalds is better!
1	I am changing my rating from 4 stars to 1 star. My last experience at Stax was awful! The food is still good. The service was HORRIBLE! There were 4 servers working. If you've been here, the place is pretty small. 4 servers aren't necessary and if there are that many people working, I should be getting waited on hand and foot. That didn't happen. The servers were completely rude and were too busy talking to one of their friends to bother with paying customers. This is totally unacceptable. We sat down, ordered a beer. We eventually got our order taken. Our food came out and we asked for new beers. I was done eating and still didn't have my beer. I am a slow eater. Yet the friend of the wait staff came in and got a drink and our server was sitting at the table with her, chatting. So was the bartender. I again asked for new drinks and got dirty looks, like I was being rude asking for a drink, at a restaurant. Got my beer. Drank it. Never got my check brought to me. I had to ask for that as well. I excused myself and used the restroom. It was filthy and disgusting. There were no paper towels or toilet paper in the womens restroom. I work a block away from this place. I would love to go in there after work and have some food and beer, but that won't happen. I really do enjoy their food, but I will never spend another penny here. I won't tolerate service this rude and bad.
5	Service was unbelievable.  Veggie burger and sweet potato tots were so good.  We would go back again!
4	Small burgers are great for the kids. Liked the tots too. THumbs up.
4	Stax has become my favorite Old Town lunch spot and I'm not usually a burger type of gal.  The food here is really good.  I love the variety of burgers (veggie, turkey, kobe, exotic, etc) and the fact that you can select the size you want.  This is great for sampling.  Also, I am a fan of any place that serves sweet potatoes.  Here, you get your choice of sweet potato fries or sweet potato tots.  I call that heaven!  I understand the "regular" fries and tots are tasty, as well.  Though, I've only visited Stax for lunch, I noticed that they have what appears to be a full-service bar.  They also have a kid friendly menu...truly something for everyone here.
3	The veg burger is fantastic - make sure you ask to try all the different aioli sauces especially with the tots!
5	Oh my, the sweet potato fries, dry wings & kiwi strawberry green tea are to die for! And the staff is always extremely friendly. This is one of my favorite places in Old Town.
4	This is a cool spot.  It does live up to its name in that the restaurant has a posh, bistro like ambience to it.  You can get burgers like a la carte by getting them in 3oz, 6oz, or 9oz sizes, so it's possible to mix and match to try different burgers.  I had the Wagyu (kobe beef) and the Lamb, and they were pretty average.  Meat wasn't extremely tender or anything and the bun was so-so.  Sweet potato fries and onion rings were really good though.  They have several four peaks and Grand Canyon pilsner on tap. I think overall the food is par to a cut above par, but I don't think I go there for the food - it's definitely a fun experience everytime you eat at Stax and the varieties of burgers are what makes it.  Check it out!
4	I'm fast making this a must-go place for lunch whenever I'm in Scottsdale.  The size of the burgers allow you to try two or three at a time.  The tots are a must and make sure you ask them to bring all of the dipping sauces.  Today, I had the buffalo and the osterich.  The buffalo is topped with an onion ring and a little sweet barbecue sauce and was delicious.  The osterich was topped with mozzerela and some greens and was equally as delicious.  Neither was dry by any means, but not running-down-your-hand juicey either.  I've had their tuna, shrimp, Wagyu, ...they are all wonderful.
5	Best sliders I've ever had! Too bad we stopped here on our last day in Scottsdale for lunch before driving back to CA. They have exotic meats and a creative menu. We tried the Wagyu, Turkey, Buffalo, and Short Rib. All were so good! Especially the Short Rib.. I would definitely drive back to AZ for that. They also have a different exotic meat every week. The day we went they had peasant but we weren't interested, I wanted to try their elk or rabbit but I guess we'll just have to go back for those!
5	We went to Stax for a quick bit before hitting Fashion Square. They have the best sweet potatoe fries and regular tater tots ever, but that isn't what makes this place! If you want the "not so ordinary" burger, this is it! They serve mini sliders so you can get a little taste of several different meats. Yesterday, we had lamb, red snapper and pheasant. Yes, pheasant! They change their game up weekly! Get it? Venison, Elk, Buffalo, Kangaroo..............you name it, they game it! The prepare everything fresh and add unique toppings that really enhance the meat you choose. If you go, try the Sangria! White or Red! Nice and refreshing with the heat at 100 right now and perfect with just about anything on the menu! We won't wait so long to go back again! Thank you Bran! Stan and Pamela,
5	This was a great experience! I highly recommend having your server explain how they designed the menu to order. Our server Brandon was very helpful! he knew his menu, and was super prompt! He received a 25% tip due to his service!The food is yummy! I had their Kobe burger, Po'boi, and beef burger all 3oz sliders. I also had the sweet potato fries which were very tasty! My wife ordered the Kobe, lamb, and grilled cheese, all 3oz. She loved it! We both brought home one full 3oz burger each and half the order of fries and tots, they do not skimp on portions!The restaurant was very clean and inviting! Parking can be an issue as its in the heart of old town, however that's any where now and days!We also shared a pizzookie. This was small and about 3oz or so, however after the mean we had it was perfect! This is going to be a frequent for us moving forward, as their selection of Stax are pretty enticing!*Side Note* If you love exotic meats, Stax offers a selection of exotic burgers. Today was Pheasent!
4	I'm not usually crazy about burger places, being a vegetarian, but in the case of Stax Burger Bistro in Old Town Scottsdale, I'll make an exception. The clean and simple restaurant's innovative menu lets you choose from more than a dozen types of sliders, as well as build your own mini-burgers to your heart's desire. And with other tasty options such as fresh salads and mac n' cheese, you'll want to try lots of different things when you're here.Curious about what kangaroo tastes like? Stax has a 'roo burger after kangaroo hunting season (but c'mon, how could you eat something as cute as a kangaroo?!) There are also lamb burgers, turkey burgers and buffalo burgers. The burgers come in slider portion, and you can add on sides such as sweet potato tots or mashed potatoes.On a recent visit, I gobbled up the delicious Southwest Chopped Salad ($5), which comes with roasted corn, black beans, avocado, green onions, pico de gallo and shredded pepper jack tossed in avocado buttermilk dressing. The salad itself is big enough for a meal, and I love the varieties of tastes and textures in it.I also had a single grilled cheese slider, with just cheese, avocado and tomato ($4). I got it on a regular bun rather than the sour dough, and I loved the soft texture and almost buttery taste to the bread. It was delish!And I couldn't help but get a side of mac n' cheese ($3), too. It wasn't anything spectacular, but I think it's a great deal for the price and was yummy.Because everything I've had at Stax so far has been mighty tasty, I would bet their dead animal sliders are palate-satisfying, as well. Just be warned: it's easy to stuff yourself to the brim here while not spending a ton, so go with a very empty stomach.
4	The food was awesome! I was here on a Saturday night and it wasn't too busy which is a shame. I ordered the caprese salad, and the short rib and for an appetizer we ordered the spinach and artichoke dip. We had red sangria which was pretty good too. The bartender was really nice, and a guy who was kind of wandering around (maybe a manager?) was really nice but our server was the WORST!!! She was not busy at all and rarely checked up on us. The only time she asked if everything was ok was when we asked for the bill. She was very absent and it made the experience a little awkward...I would have taken another star away but the bartender and the other guy walking around made up for it! They were so nice! Thought the prices were good!
2	Okay...we are huge foodies, so maybe our bar is set a little high?  We truly liked the atmosphere, the staff was super nice, and they have a good variety of drinks to choose from.  Our appetizer salads were AWESOME...I had the wedge and my husband had the spinach.  And the sweet potato fries were incredible.  But seriously....if you are going to be a "burger bistro"....shouldn't you have absolutely KILLER burgers?  (aka. Zinburger @ Biltmore)  I should have known when none of the burgers were really jumping off of the menu at either one of us.  We settled on the Buffalo and the Kobe.  The buffalo burger was boring, definitely underseasoned (ever heard of salt?), and the buns - where they were super soft and fresh - had a heavy taste of butter...I mean to the point of leaving a film on your tongue.  The kobe beef was delicious, seasoned well, but overcooked (I ordered medium-rare and got medium-well)...so the burger itself was boring.   It has asparagus and blue cheese...and, coming from a person that loves cheese, it is the lightest blue cheese ever...no punch at all, so relatively bland in flavor for this burger as well.  My husband even went so far as to say that he only had 2 good bites on his whole burger.We are total burger lovers so we just weren't impressed.  Maybe we could try the "build it yourself" menu next time, but we were really hoping for some really good, imaginative burgers from the chef.  :(
3	Stax is a great idea.  Sliders made out of a wide variety of different meats, with eclectic toppings on each one?  Tater tots with different dips and Henry Weinhard Root Beer?  How can you go wrong with that?Well, there are a couple of ways, and Stax managed to do both.First, you overcook the burgers. I've had many of the sliders on the menu here: lamb, wagyu, ahi, buffalo, and the daily exotic pheasant, kangaroo, and wild boar.  All had distinct, and sometimes novel, toppings.  All were overcooked (with the exception of the poultry and pork items, which I ordered well done).  Order it medium rare, and you'll get medium.  Maybe the trick is to order it rare.Second, you have a waitress who manages to only be in charge of two tables, yet takes five minutes to get around to taking your order, bringing you your check, etc.  She should also bring you a glass full of ice for your root beer instead of a frosted mug.This is a place you really want to like.  Because, really, it's a great idea.  Wild game burgers are awesome.  Perhaps someone else just needs to try it in a less pretentious area than downtown Scottsdale, and then maybe they'll focus on bringing it all together.  It's almost a great restaurant, but not quite.
5	I consider myself a foodie. That being said, I LOVE it when you get extra bang for your buck. Which is why I absolutely love Stax. Everything that I've ever eaten here has been delicious, and I've tried almost everything on the menu, from their more traditional beef and turkey burgers, to their mac & cheese, to the smothered tots to the hummus to the wedge salad. Everything tastes fresh, delicious and tends to have an unexpected flavor profile or twist. Their red sangria is my go-to, although they are stocked with great beers as well. Happy hour values are incredible. Marshall, one of the bartenders, is extremely friendly and will remember your name and your menu favs after just a couple visits. His customer service is superb.
5	Great service from Dallas (our server) but most importantly, phenomenal eats.  This place has all the character and "casualness" that you want from your favorite burger joint, but with an elevated and surprising amount of craft in the food.  Truly delicious and thoughtful preparation -- an unreserved recommendation.
5	Just freaking awesome!!!  Food awesome, service awesome, atmosphere awesome, pricing awesome.  I highly suggest.  Wish Bran had one in CA. and hopefully soon will.  Great experience. Everything fresh made and perfectly executed
1	okay but less than par on service, food was meh (my burgers were not cooked the way I ordered)the portion sizes were weak and the price was too high.  I'd rather go to the local pub and pick up a burger and fries.  a high end burger joint is a good idea (especially in Old Town) but STAX is a no go for me.  Good idea, poor execution!
3	Wanted to like this. Service was great but like some of the other reviews. Overcooked meat is overcooked meat.
3	Ambience was fine even though we sat on the deck outside. The sweet potato fries are "the bomb.com" and the sliders were just "eh".  Service was great the waiter was very prompt with acknowledging when new people came to the table and assisting them with finding seats. Overall it was just ok, probably not the first place i would consider going for happy hour but its not bad.
3	This is an upscale burger bar. Their burgers come in various meats (later) and three sizes - sliders, regular (one-third pound), and call-the-coronary-ER. We opted for the sliders so we can try several meats. They have regular beef, buffalo, Wagyu, and lamb, amongst others.Instead of lettuce and tomatoes, each type has different companions which makes things more interesting. Buffalo is OK. I like the lamb best. I had high hopes for Waygu but since it's grounded and cooked well done, it doesn't taste much different from supermarket beef. I don't remember the waiter asking how we wanted the beef cooked, which would be a sign of higher grade meat.Since it was lunch, we had tea instead of adult beverages. Sampling them during happy hour would save a few bucks and let you try something different.
5	Stax Burger Bistro is my favorite place in Old Town Scottsdale...and I don't even eat meat! The tater tots are to die for and the Caprese Salad is always delicious. Also, the employees are SO nice and friendly. Stax is a great experience every time.
5	Love this place - have been a couple of times now.  Staff are super friendly.  They have a great happy hour (3-6).  It is the best grilled cheese I have ever tasted.  Their buffalo slider is good too (I normally get 2 sliders), but they have a variety of sizes to choose from to suit everyone.  Their sweet potato tater tots are a really pleasant surprise too.
4	I love this place. The service has always been great, the atmosphere is nice and the food is mouthwatering!! I always get the Ahi Slider, its to die for. I had one of their specials, the Rabbit slider. It was fantastic. However, I only give this place 4 stars because of the inconsistency on their Caprese Salad. It's sad to see such a yummy salad come to your table to find out that you were given only the two small end pieces of mozzarella. Every time I have ordered this salad it is inconsistent. BUT its so good I order it anyway in hopes that its my lucky day). PLEASE GET THAT RIGHT STAX!.. Suck it up and put some more mozzarella on those plates. Oh yeah, and get the tots with the dip. They're the tits... They're happy hour is great too. Oh and the white sangria. :)
4	Top notch burgers are outdone by their fresh talapia!
3	Stax has an awesome concept but its execution leaves much to be desired.  The idea behind this trendy little slider bar is brilliant.  Tasty little burgers and beer in a modern setting, what isn't there to like?For starters;  The ridiculous price for those burgers.  The quality of the patty, bun, and creative combination of toppings is good, but not fully satisfying.  But what really gets me is the price.  $5 as the starting point for something that's roughly the size of my fist is insane.  The value doesn't get that much better if you order the bigger burger sizes.  Once I consume the two or three I need to get a decent meal, plus the al la carte sides, I could have dined at many other trendy burger bars in the immediate area for a lower price.The other thing that really sucks;  The parking situation.  Stax is in a tiny Old Town Scottsdale strip mall with a very limited amount of spaces.  It also has a two hour limit.  I don't know if it's strictly enforced.  But if it is, and you're planning to go to a bar or club after, that means you're better off battling the crowd to find parking around Old Town, so you don't have to move your car when it really gets busy.Stax does have a decent little beer and specialty drink selection. The dipping sauces for the tots are delicious.  It's also terrific if you're really into portion control.  I do love that they have an exotic meat depending on what's in season.  I once tried a rabbit burger on a whim (and don't recommend it).  The server we had was also excellent.  He had a fun personality and was very attentive to our group of 10.Stax is the kind of place I go to when others suggest it.  If you plan to hit up old town it could be a worthwhile starting point, but if I want a gourmet burger, I'd rather go somewhere that gives me more bang for my buck.
5	Best food, best staff.
3	Got to say not really impressed with this place, I really wanted to be too!  Their happy hour is pretty decent every day of the week 3-6pm, deals on appetizers, sliders and drinks.  I had the turkey and beef sliders when I went and I just didn't get much joy out of eating the sliders.  The meat tasted bland.  The turkey burger had pineapple, avocado, etc.  All the fixings were so good but the burger itself was a letdown.  I tend to favor Zinburger, In and Out, and RnR sliders to give you an idea of my taste.
3	Too slow for lunch.
3	Decor tries to be snottsdale mod but it looks snottsdale cheap.  If you are into exotic meats like elephant, kangaroo, wild boar, etc than the place may be for you. However the burgers are not cheap, 3 sliders will set you back $15.00.  A much better burger can be found at Roaring Fork a couple of blocks away.  They have a small bar and do feature a number of local craft beers.  Worth checking out for the unique burgers but not for any other reason. Looks like they cater to the underage crowd who should be at the Sugar Bowl instead of out trying to get served alcohol.
1	We never actually tasted the food because we walked in and no one spoke to us. We found someone walking by and they told us to sit anywhere. The five tables along the wall when you walk in were disturbingly dirty. Dishes covered the tables, and on the floor were half eaten chicken wing bones. It was appalling. We stood and waited for almost 20 minutes for someone to clean the tables, but this didn't happen. After 30 minutes, we finally left. No one had spoke to us nor had they cleaned any of the tables. I can't comment on their food, but if their establishment is this vile, imagine the kitchen.
4	Cant wait to go back.  Perfect menu, sliders, regular and large.  Sliders are perfect to try a few different items.  They offer exotic type of meat, based off the "season".  I had buffalo, and kangaroo.  Yeah, kangaroo.  It was good.  I've had kangaroo in Australia, and this was just as good.  Waiter/bartender gives great options on the items.  Not only that, give you suggestions on what to eat first, based on "richness".  Mac and Cheese as a side is awesome.  A little different twist to traditional mac and cheese.  Will be back, and cant wait to try even more options.  Oh, drinks, as everything else....GREAT!
4	I really like this place.  I'm NOT a meat eater and they have plenty there for me.  My absolute favorite veg burger in town is their Quinoa burger. It's a giant slider. I usually order two but can only eat 1.  Their wedge salad is fantastic along with a side of their Mac and Cheese.  Also, if you LOVE Mac & Cheese they have a whole "design your own Mac & Cheese" option.  They have a Cucumber happy hour drink that is killer.  Super refreshing. My other favorite there are the sweet potato tots.  They come with a spicy aioli that is fantastic.  We always have a great time there.  Everyone I take always loves it and we are always stuffed to the brim for a reasonable price.  Last Friday I went with a girlfriend and we ordered two sliders, two baskets of fries (one shoe string and one sweet potato tots), two drinks, a side of Mac & Cheese and a salad.  We were there during happy hour and only paid $35.  It was perfection!
5	Had a many great experiences at Stax!  Place is really cool, great set up, and great food!  The food was amazing, and the staff and service was great!  The manager, Bran I think that's his name, was really cool, and gave myself and my wife his favorite recommendations for our meal.  We have been back several times since our first dining experience.  The TOTS are delish!
5	Excellent burger joint.  And not your average burgers.  These are inventive, well-presented, high quality productions -- served in a place with a modernized, classic diner feel.
5	First of all, I do not understand why this place only has 3.5 stars! We asked someone at our hotel to recommend a cheap, quick, and non-chain restaurant. He said Stax is pretty good and so we went. So normally I do not get excited about sliders, but this place is crazy good. They have happy hour every 3-6pm. Great!! Hubs and I ordered some beef sliders, wings, sweet potato fries, mac n cheese, and drinks. All the above was good! They even have wagyu here. I loved the design your own mac n cheese option. DELISH!!
5	Great place with some interesting burgers.  Had the buffalo burger which was very good.  Perfectly made - medium.  Sweet potato tater tots on the side which were good as well.Had an interesting drink menu as well.  I had the cucumber cocktail which was refreshing.  If I'm ever in Scottsdale again, I would definitely go here.
5	yay for stax! one of the only joints not packed with drunk st. patty's day revelers....us not included. after some serious day drinking, we hankered over to stax for a veggie burger and a fish burger and some sweet potato fries. we just got in as happy hour was ending and our excellent server helped us get our order in before the deals ended. great burgers, great prices, and great location!
4	I thought my Stax beef burger was pretty solid; 6 oz. (and being able to pick a specific size) was plenty and the bun was hefty.  The tots (whoops...totZ) were great and the sauce that came with it was tasty, something different but not amazing.  I wish they had milkshakes, but otherwise a solid option close to the HoJo where I was staying.  Service was fast, not overly friendly, not too intrusive where I was sitting at the bar.  If you try to get into Breakfast Club and it is jammed, Stax is a solid backup.
3	I always drove past this place and wanted to try it, so I made a date take me here. I'm a burger gal, so when I saw the extensive menu and how many options there were for burgers, I got excited. Down side: they're really small so you need to order 2-3 to fill up. We each ordered 2 and 2 sides and I had 1 beer...bill total $65. Kinda pricey. I'm glad I got to try the different kinds of burgers with different toppings, it is an experience. The sweet tots were delish too!
3	I've been here twice and both times have been pretty good.  It's a very friendly atmosphere with good service and the food is fresh, good with nice presentation.  It gets a little loud, but still a friendly atmosphere.  I would definitely recommend checking it out!
5	This is a place that you need to make a regular spot.  There is so much to try and build everytime you come in or you can stick to what you love.  Keep it up Stax team!!!
5	Great burgers from turkey to beef, great prices and great staff!
4	For some reason I had never been to this restaurant even thought it is right across the street from where used to work so on my second-to-last day with the company I went there for lunch with a couple of my colleagues. We each ordered two mini burgers and also got a couple of sides to share. The smothered tater tots came out first. These were a big hot mess but in a good way. So yummy! We also got the mac and cheese which was pretty flavorless and very disappointing. But my friend said she had gotten it before and it was much better. For my two burgers I had the buffalo which had a delicious sweet sauce on it and the lamb burger which was equally delicious. Both burgers had an incredible amount of flavor both in the meat and the toppings. I would love to eat my way thru the whole menu! The service was very lackluster, our waiter seemed like he had somewhere better to be, but other than that I liked the vibe of the place. It looked like they had a pretty good beer selection as well so it seems like it would be a great choice for happy hour!
5	This was one of  the best food experiences I had in AZ. The mix and match sliders are a great idea! The Lamb and duck were my favorite! Service was great, and they are especially accommodating for big parties. I wish we had a Stax in my home town.
3	The burger was okay. Asked For medium Rare on the kobe but it was over cooked. The waiter was very friendly to the (older) party next to us but standoffish and a little pushy with us, maybe he was working for that tip with them being that we're younger, college chicks. The fries were amazing and made my trip here memorable. They were so tiny, not in portion, just in size. I usually don't care for the fries at burger places but loved these. Overall, It was Okay, nothing special. Might Try different sliders next time which seems like the popular thing here.
2	I think they've tried to put together some interesting offerings but the food was just average and when you're in Scottsdale, average isn't going to cut it- especially at these prices.  I like the concept of mixing and matching sliders 9or just going for a larger burger) but The Vig is five minutes away, I don't see the point unless you can't drive and need a burger to sober up.
5	Stax is such a great restaurant! The 3oz sandwiches are so cute and delicious. I have had many of them but their sloppy joe sandwich is my favorite! Also, NEWSFLASH- Smothered Tots are WHERE IT'S AT! They have an amazing happy hour with $3+ specials (food and drink)! Every server I have had at Stax have been so nice and helpful. I will definitely be back!
3	Went here for lunch on Monday, and had an A-OK time. We ordered two burgers, tots, and I had sangria. I would have to say I wasn't impressed with much other than the chipotle sauce. The service was okay but not stellar. In my mind, overpriced for what it was, but a good place for a happy hour with friends and some nosh.
4	I love this place. The short rib burger is amazing, albeit a bit sweet. and they have the best sweet tots in the valley.i hate that they never answer the phone so you can't really call in to order for pick up, and the service can be pretty hit-or-miss, but the food is always quality.
3	First time here-interesting menu.
1	We never actually tasted the food because we walked in and no one spoke to us. We found someone walking by and they told us to sit anywhere. The five tables along the wall when you walk in were disturbingly dirty. Dishes covered the tables, and on the floor were half eaten chicken wing bones. It was appalling. We stood and waited for almost 20 minutes for someone to clean the tables, but this didn't happen. After 30 minutes, we finally left. No one had spoke to us nor had they cleaned any of the tables. I can't comment on their food, but if their establishment is this vile, imagine the kitchen.Thought it was interesting that many other restaurant owners or managers respond to negative comments, but this place just ignores everyone. Exactly as they did when we visited the establishment. Nice.
4	Would give it 4.5 stars if I could.  Food is really good, lots of variety, and the smaller portions (sliders) mean you can try a few different things.  I had the short rib slider, which I found very good, and the buffalo slider, which was excellent.  Came with an onion ring that was nice and crispy, had obviously not been sitting around.  The peach BBQ sauce on this was also great.  My wife had the ahi slider, which she loved, and the hummus app.  Also had the sweet potato fries, which were good, though a little salty.Service was very good, but this may be the luck of the draw.  Our server was Brandon, who was friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive, but we had a couple of interactions with another guy, who I am now calling Grouchy Smurf.  You don't want him as your server.I look forward to going back, especially to try more things.
5	Great burger spot! They have all kinds of different burger options like ahi, short rib, buffalo, beef, etc. It's fun to order the small 3 ounce versions to be able to try multiple kinds. However, once I tried everything I've realized that it's tough to get a 3 oz. burger to taste Medium Rare, so if I feel like beef then I would go for a larger size. The wings are good and the sweet potato fries are excellent!
4	Just stopped in for a quick drink before dinner across the street, so can't comment on the food (although what I saw go by me looked great and smelled fabulous!) The bartender was attentive, the beer selection was sufficiently eclectic without bordering on hipster and the prices were right.I would go again, probably to eat next time.
5	This is my favorite burger joint in Arizona! The combination of flavors that they use on their burgers are unmatched anywhere else. Anytime I have out of town company this is one of the places that I have to take them too because where else can you get beef, chicken, turkey, rabbit and kangaroo?? Don't let that scare you because I haven't had one bad tasting burger from this place...they do it right!
5	I love coming here and trying new kinds of little sliders.  The bison burger and the kobe beef "stax style" are delicious!If you go there, try the tator tots, they are amazing, and get them "smothered" if you are really feeling like breaking your diet. :) Yummy!!
2	This place is the perfect representation of Scottsdale: all appearance and no substance. The decor is very nice and the service is good (thanks Renee), but the food is just terrible, terrible, terrible. 100% of everything was bad. Wait, I take that back, the smothered tots were delicious, but about the quality of chef boyardee (if he made smothered tots). So my friend and I sat and each ordered multiple burgers (they have a 3 oz portion). Between us we ordered 5 different burgers and each was INEDIBLE. Seriously, we were hungry guys and we like burgers. We couldn't eat this crap. It wasn't just bad it was gross. For example, both of the ground beef burgers we got were still pink on the inside (and for a tiny 3oz patty you really have to try to cook it rare). Then, to really illustrate how awful this experience was, I picked up two PB&J's and two grilled cheeses for my vegetarian friends back at the office. They couldn't eat them! They were too gross! It was so bad, that out of 7 entree's, not a single one was good enough to eat! Oh yeah, and it wasn't cheap either!
4	-Shrimp po'boy, onion rings and dry rub wings were great. (Gained points)-Pb&j and Mac&cheese were ok. Veggie stack was good but dry. (Lost a little points)-Price was great for happy hour (gained points) -Service a tad slow (lost little points)
2	I...don't...get...it... My overall experience was WAY less than awesome. The service was poor, the food was "meh" at best. When it came time to pay, the server got everyone's ticket wrong. We all ended up paying for someone else's  lunch...but as we were on a schedule there was NO time to have it fixed. With all of the other options around, I feel no need to go back to Stax. Good concept, poor execution.
1	This place is not good and deserves a 1 star rating.The atmosphere is nice if you like a bar full of white meat heads. The service at Stax is mediocre and the food is horrible. I'm not sure why the waitress felt the need to sit down at our booth every time she came to our table.I ordered the short rib burger and it was nothing but a big disappointment. All the components weren't good to begin with, so when you combine them all you result in a hot mess. The bun was dry and allegedly home made. I would rather have a store purchased bun than a Bun that's stale and dry. The burger was a pile of "braised" short ribs. The meat was chewy, tough, and inedible. They topped it with a horseradish aioli, but it's not really an aioli when you combine horseradish with mayo. I suggest you go to In N Out where you will find a consistently delicious burger, and friendly service.
5	Turkeyburger and the corn are favorites.  Green tea is better than any I've tasted.  This is a very friendly place with fresh food.  My favorite place to eat in Scottsdale.
2	3 sliders 3 different meats should of got them made well instead of medium rare.Not to far away from the hotel I was staying at, gave this place a shot with a recommendation from one of our coworkers, here are the choices I had and the verdict for eachBUFFALO **- made medium rare by request, let just say I should of asked for it well done, from the outside all appears good, until you hit the center which was a bit more alive then slightly cooked, I know my fault for ordering a burger med-rare, sadly the center was raw like when you get ground beef from the grocery store out of the package grab a big spoon and chow down without cooking it raw, the outside of the burger was a light brown so probably a 1minute cook on top and bottom, presentation wise it looked excellent sadly way undercooked made me lose my appetiteLAMB *** - made medium rare by request, again served raw, slight brown outside but alive inside, slight gameiness as expected from lamb, this one I did not mind so much it being raw there was flavor, the feta meshed well with the grape tomatoes, even the meat was raw I would probably order this again possibly well done next timeEXOTIC ***- made medium rare by request special meat of the day was Kangaroo hella yeah imma bite down on something from down under wait wut??? hahha since the meat was nothing I've had before I had nothing to compare it too, again I should of ordered the burger well instead of medium rare or in there case alive with a slight char, meat was very lean, reminded me a lil of gator if not slimmer version of chicken, possibly pheasant. not to happy with the prep but again I had nothing to compare it too.tater tots ***** sadly this was the most enjoyable dish, fried to a point where all you do is bite and it disintegrates in your mouth with a kick of what tasted like cajun spice and helpful 4 sauces to choose fromif you do come here request the burgers to be made well, which will probably come out medium, beware if you ask for medium rare, you will get simply rarefood ** for burgers ***** for the tater tots and saucesservice *** half smiles, "hurry up and buy type attitude"ambiance *** over open venue literally doors open even at nightprice $$ehh I would come back but definitely would try to order everything well done sadly medium rare was scoop from raw tray and serve it up like it was cooked haha
4	Stax burgers are great. Their sweet pots, and mac n cheese however are what really get my taste buds excited. That plus their great beer selection. The bartender who must live there (since every single time I've gone, he's there) is also in charge of all of the alcohol purchasing, etc. He's super knowledgeable and does a fantastic job of selecting delicious local & west coast brews that compliment the type of food they serve. A guy like me really appreciates that.The way the burgers are ordered w/sizes is confusing. I never know if i'm ordering enough or too much food. I like the idea of getting a couple small ones plus a side but that can also get pricey. I haven't yet found my perfect ordering technique and I don't think it should be so complicated. Maybe it's user error. Also, some of the really unique burger options felt lackluster to me. Don't get me wrong, everything I've had was good or great, but nothing blew my socks off the way I thought it would based upon the menu and ingredients. Nonetheless - this is a great standby and I will certainly continue to patronize this business. Bravo Stax!
5	Looove this place! It's one of our "Go To" places because we're never disappointed! Great food, great, drinks, great service, easy, relaxed atmosphere with nice outdoor patio. Keep it up Stax!
1	Wish I could give this place a zero star! Don't you hate it when you to go a place for the first time, grab a menu, sit down, and then watch the people that came in after you get cared for first? That's exactly what happened to me for lunch today? It took me 30 minutes to get my simple burger that I ordered to go. Meanwhile the guests that came in after me enjoyed their beers, got their food, and paid for their bill before I left. Needless to say I will never visit stax again.
4	This is a cool place right in Old Town across from Kyoto Bowl and next to the Breakfast Club. The food is absolutely delicious with a truly varied menu. A note about ordering: So you order each burger individually by size (3 oz = slider, 6 oz = regular burger, 9 oz = GIANT burger). I order 3 different 3 oz sliders without any substitutions or additions: the Beef, the Short Rib, and the Sloppy Joe.Al three were yummy. My favorite for a traditional slider was the Beef and my favorite in terms of flavor was the Short Rib. I also ordered some regular tots to share and those were TOO good. They were fried to perfection. So good I ate way, way too many. They also had tons of healthy options (hey, this is Old Town) so don't fret if your friends want to head to Stax and you're not feeling the carb heavy, deep fried lunch that day. I stole a peek at a few salads and they looked good. So if you have the discipline, by all means feel free to enjoy a salad.Will definitely return. Nice patio area too. Only downside is it's a little small inside so when it's packed it could definitely feel claustrophobic.  Service was fine, not stellar and not bad.
5	Zero complaints. Really enjoy the staff, everyone is super friendly and pleasant. My roommates and I go at least once a week because we can't get enough of the food. It's awesome that you can order a variety of 3oz mini burgers. Highly recommend the sloppy joe and short rib! We always tend to get a basket of fries as an appetizer too and the side of corn off the cob.  Their salads are super healthy and delicious as well. Oh! and love the fact that you can build your own mac n cheese bowl! Did that once, so hard to order anything else off the menu..
5	I truly enjoyed Stax. My friend and I happened to stumble on Stax right before our movie. I was really hesitant since I had never been here before and we didn't have much time. However, the server came up and explained the entire menu to us and made some recommendations, which we went with. We were not sorry that we did either! We each had a Wagyu and Short Rib burger and they were both awesome, but the Short Rib was the best! I was really surprised how flavorful they both were.The service was really good too. My drink never went unfilled and the food didn't take too long. When we needed to get going, our server was fast to get the check to us. I will definitely be going back again, and I don't even live close!
4	I believe his name was Bran. I could be mistaken but he was AWESOME!! We went in there yesterday for happy hour and he was attentive although he had a big party to take attend to.   We had our drinks and food in a timely fashion. Definitely going back :) thanks again for the great service and delicious food!
4	This is a solid 4-star place.  We've been there multiple times, on our own and with friends, and it's always been delicious and fun, with good service.  The place isn't too big and the decor is cute - lots of blond wood and high-top tables, nice bar.The food is served in sliders, and there are lots of pescetarian and veggie options.  The Ahi tuna is my favorite, but the grilled cheese is a close second, the swai (crispy white fish) is very nice if you don't mind fried, and the PBnJ is really nicely done (carmelized bananas - yum!).   The husband and I usually get two each and then a  couple sides.The humus dip is tasty and a perfect portion (plenty for a side), and the sweet potato fries, mac n cheese, and corn off the cob are all definitely tasty, too.  All in all, we haven't regretted a single bite!
5	Awesome service especially on a Saturday night. Best variation in flavors and burger options. We shared 5 sliders: wagyu, elk, buffalo, short rib, and PB&J with a side of sweet potato fries. AMAZING! Funky laid back atmosphere brings this restaurant in at 5 stars. I wish we had this place in our hometown.
4	Good burger, good fries.  Would come back. Unique menu with exotic options like rabbit yet more main stream things like beef, kobe beef, etc.
4	Stax is what i like to call the perfect date location. Located in the heart of scottsdale you have the endless stream of people watching, the interior is cozy and friendly and the food is both fantastic and in smaller but filling portions so you can enjoy the food and each others company.My only real complaint is that its hard to find good parking due to its location.
2	We didn't eat... only drank. It was a monday night, so we weren't expecting much to be going on. The bartender didn't expect much either. He really didn't seem too in to us even being there. I had a signature cucumber drink. It was syrupy and over the top.
1	This place was bizarre to say the least and I don't mean that in a good way.  5 of us stop in for dinner Sunday night.   Wait unusually long time for waitress although she apologized.  Decide it was best to order food and dinner at the same time considering how long it took us to get a menu.   We don't get any drinks but she shows up with two baskets of fries.  She then brings our burgers with 2 on one plate.  Never knew I had to share my plate.   Drinks finally show up, very few water refills and my salad never arrives... Out of onion rings.  Wouldn't recommend and wouldn't ever go back!
1	if your a foodie do not go.. if you dont care about quality then go. Burger not good. Bread was hard and stale.
3	My wife and I visited on our way to a comedy club. It was okay bordering on good, but I was not blown away. We both got 2-3 oz burgers cooked medium rare. One was the buffalo and the other was the wild game burger (boar). Both were cooked to order, but lacked flavor (just the meat not the toppings). The sweet tots were good. There was nothing that was bad about the meal, but nothing really stood out either.
4	Great alternative to the traditional burger joint. I've been a Chef in the valley for a long time, and this place is one of my favorites. Great dinning experience, lots of nice menu items you wont find anywhere else. I suggest trying the bison sliders. Or if your adventurous the ostrich.
4	As far as burgers go in old town this probably the best place. They have a huge variety and The portions are sweet you can order based on hunger. Keep in mind less is more though. The lamb burger and buffalo burger are my favorite they also have a pretty good beer selection.
5	Best place to grab a burger in Scottsdale.Different types of meats, always have to try the exotic!Great atmosphere and the service is the BEST!
5	I said the Lodge was my favorite establishment in Scottsdale. This might be #2, but I kind of feel like it ties the Lodge for #1... Can't decide.Point being, it's incredible. Hardly ever busy, awesome service...AND THE FOOD. It's just so, so good. -Caprese Salad is the #1 must. Large, thick-cut mozzarella slices layered on steak-cut tomato slices and covered in a balsamic glaze, red onion slivers, all on a bed of greens. It's ridiculous.-Sweet potato tots, hot and fresh out of the oven. Get the jalapeno ranch dressing. Get the ketchup, they doctor it up with Worcestershire sauce I believe. This stuff is CRACK. -Wagyu beef sliders (wagyu is the japanese version of Kobe beef). Or any of their burgers or sliders, for that matter. They just do it right here.-Saw a friend order the mac n cheese, definitely getting it next time.
5	i used to work here when they first opened years ago for over 2 years and i still LOVE every single burger they offer. fresh and scrumptious food for great prices. Bran and Marshall are the managers and they know how to do it right. love the atmosphere there and great drink selections as well. Also the only place a manly man like me can get a sangria and a veggie burger and not care because of how delicious they both are!
5	My wife and I go to Stax about once a week. We try to catch happy hour, which is a great value. She really likes the dry-rubbed wings, I think they're some of the best in town as is their burgers which is what I usually get.They have a good selection of craft beers, wish they had more but they what have is usually a good offering for the style. Service is usually pretty good, they seem busiest during happy hour.
5	I love this place!  The white Sangria and the Moscow Mule are my favorite drink items.  You can get the mule with various different flavor combinations.  The short rib slider melts in your mouth - highly recommended.  As far as the exotic burger of the day, try out the ostrich, pheasant or wild boar - deelish.In addition to some great sliders, sides and drinks - the staff is excellent.  Friendly and helpful if you need a entree suggestion.  If you are in the Old Town area, stop in!
4	Nice place. Great indoor/outdoor seating. Large menu with lots of sizing options. Customizable burgers or Mac and cheese - lots of salads as well. We tried a few different things - really good chicken and basic cheeseburger sliders - the pb&j was tasty as well, but the most interesting thing we tried was the "exotic" selection of rabbit. That's right. A bunny burger. Quite tasty.Service was excellent, food came out quickly and refills on drinks were plentiful.One star off for having to order the fries and tots a la carte and the music selection should be a bit more family friendly when it's early and there's lots of kiddos in the place.We will be back for sure!
4	The sweet potato fries are dangerous. I could have eaten 3 baskets of those. This was a nice small burger spot situated in the heart of Scottsdale on Scottsdale road just a short walk from my hotel. I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed the Wagyo, lamb, and duck sliders. I also enjoyed their IPA beer selection and tried their peach ale which was refreshing and tasted pretty good. If you are looking for a good burger spot with a good selection of beers definitely check out Stax Burger Bistro.
5	Another good experience at Stax.  Been here dozens of times and have never had a bad experience. Service is always good (thanks Michael ).
4	This place is great for Happy Hour. They have three dollar plates. The burgers are Delish! What I love is that they're smaller sliders. The perfect portion sized to get more than one, share, or eat sensibly. The turkey burger is also wonderful. Their Sweet Potato Tots with dipping sauces are the best I have had so far in a fast/casual food joint. The three dollar Sangria's I am told are the Bomb. The service is outstanding here.  Shout out to Mike. I can't wait to go back.
5	While traveling I always seek out local restaurants.  Stax was recommended by our hotel and it was not a disappointment.  Service was super friendly, I had the caprise salad and two of the small slider sized burgers, lamb and buffalo. Great variety on the menu to try exotic meats or stay traditional.  Atmosphere was casual but service was professional.  I will make this a regular stop while in Phoenix.
5	Stax is one of the best places in Scottsdale to get an amazing burger, and so much more! There are so many different combinations of a meal you can have, I recommend going more than once so you get the full picture of Stax. Loaded tots, sweet pots and tots, house made hummus are the bomb to start. If you wanna go lighter, opt for a salad (every single one of them is amazing) and throw on a veggie patty or ahi tuna. For your sliders, never miss the short rib. And don't change the toppings each burger comes with. You will be so happy when you take them the way they are! The local/microbrews on tap are always something different and amazing. The cocktails are amazing, but their homemade sangria is really where it's at. Service is always great and very laid back. Getting hungry....
5	happy hour is DAILY 3-6p. a lot to like here. a nice munchies menu with $3 items, fries, sliders, WINGS. etc. good variety of burgers and they all can be ordered in a smaller slider versions which is awesome. WINGS are dry rubbed and probably the best around old town in that style. $3 all drafts of which they have 6 beer options going. open and bright decor with a bar. they have some exotic meats to choose from any time. and the rest of the menu looks worth trying.WINGS.
5	Amazing service. Great food excellent price and the vibe is perfect!  A+ I would def order 1 of each of the burgers and get a basket of tots. It's way more than I thought it would be.
4	Nice place.  Had elk and wagyu sliders. Brilliant! Wagyu was def the better  also amazing tater tots yes tots! With a variety of dipping sauces. Nice bar selection. Recommended for a low key meal or snack
4	We had the seasonal special which was pheasant.  I wasn't too sure about it (bad experience with pheasant in the past) but it was surprisingly good.  The sweet potato fries were delicious.  That is all we had since it was just a snack to sample them but it was good enough that I will return and give it another round in the future.
5	Yo THIS SPOT IS THAT LOW KEY FLAME. 1 of 4 higher end burger spots I like to attend. They even had great Mac n cheese. Staffs chill, they keep it very homely. Expect to pay 10-20 tho.
3	I love a good cheeseburger! Been there twice and can not wait to go again.   You can't go wrong here so many options and toppings. Even a great dink menu, their take on the Moscow mule is delicious! However, what goes well with a great burger is a craft beer, I would love to see more local brews on tap. The decor is clean, modern and comfortable.
5	I can't say enough great things about stax. Their menu is fabulous with huge variety with tons of options to customize even GF. Their cocktails were a bit overwhelming, options I mean and tasted delicious. The atmosphere is swanky and hip, super chill. All in all love love experience try the ahi you'll be impressed.
5	Great service everytime. The smothered tots are amazing. I wish there was more TVs to watch games especially with the football season going on.
5	Great place, everything is done slightly different than you expect, but in a good way.  Sliders, apps, etc.  we really enjoyed dinner here.
5	If I am craving a burger...this is where I go. Literally THE BEST burger I have ever had. And of course the sweet tots and shoestring fries are amazing also. I like that you can create your own burger and add whatever you want to it. They also have a different exotic burger that they feature each week which I think is pretty cool. Very casual environment and friendly staff.
2	What happened?  It seems like this place is starting toward the slow spiral into nothingness.  Did they have a change of staff and creativity in the kitchen? The last few times the food has been nothing more than average.  A little worse every visit.  The ole' favorite black bean burger tasted like a pre-made frozen mess. Did they change vendors?  Schwan's could do better. The scrumptous grilled cheese sandwich turned into two stale barely grilled pieces of bread with cheese.  I don't know what else to say.  I think Stax might have lost its place in our restaurant rotation.
1	Overpriced, slow service, and disgusting food.The concept is good, sliders made from different types of meat, including exotic animals, but the execution is poor.'The bartender asked if I'd been there before and when I said that I had not, he explained the concept and left me with the menu... for a good ten minutes. True, I hadn't been there before, but how long does it take to decide on a choice of sliders. I've had the same concept at food trucks and am able to make a decision. I'd think that he got busy, but later I overheard him telling a server that a different table was composed of repeat customers so they wouldn't need as long to order. Heck, if Chino Bandido can explain a much more complicated menu in less than 5 minutes, I'm pretty sure people can figure out what type of burger they want.I ordered three sliders, buffalo, beef, and the exotic meat of the day, ostrich. I also ordered a side of sweet potato tater tots. Then I waited... and waited. Eventually, the tater tots arrived... in a serving that was far too big for one person. I ate some of them while waiting for my main course.Finally the sliders arrived. The buffalo slider was far and away the best. Although as anyone who's been to Carl's Jr knows, practically any burger can be good when its slathered in barbeque sauce and topped with an onion ring. The beef burger was just meh, no better than you would find in any other burger place. But the ostrich slider was absolutely disgusting. The meat was bitter and tasted overcooked. I've had ostrich before and never had this type of reaction... it almost made me throw up.When the bartender noticed that I was done, he set my bill down saying that way I wouldn't be waiting on him... which would have been great except that it took him a good 10 minutes to pick it up and run my credit card. Also, lunch for one person, with three sliders, tater tots, and a soda came out to $26. Seriously, for ONE PERSON???Don't waste your time here. Sorry, Stax, but you don't stack up to the competition.
5	Must love Stax ....since we have been there three times in the last week. Great HH with some really nice craft beers at a great price. Love the side patio. The wings are dry rubbed and our favorite with an order of sweet tots.... you have the perfect early snack. We've introduced Stax to two friends and both agreed....good spot to eat and very friendly service. Be back soon
5	Great food and very quick service.  Staff is very attentive and friendly. Try the wild boar exotic.
5	I had the ahi salad, lamb slider, and the wagyu (Kobe) burger, each of which was phenomenal! The ahi caprese was topped with a firm mozzarella slide and an incredible balsamic reduction. The lamb slider and wagyu burger were very original with every ingredient complementing the next in a familiar format with an exotic twist. I'm stoked to come back here; time for a date night!
5	A truly great foodie burger experience.  The slider is an art form here.  Great flavors, great presentation and our server Mike was great!  My favorites were the buffalo burger and short rib burger, my friend was blown away by the red snapper  and beef.  Oh yeah had really good onion rings too!  This is a great little treasure in Scottsdale .  Happy hour really just makes it all even better.  So drop in and Mike will set you up!
1	My husband and I came to order takeout at about 9:30 and the place was practically empty (not a good sign). I had been here before several years ago and loved it and have been waiting to get my husband out here to try it. We ordered 6 sliders and shoe string fries to go and didn't like any of it. The fries had barely been cooked and were flaccid. The burgers were cold and tough like they had been sitting out for a while. It was a huge let down.
5	Best Sangria ever, awesome veggie slider, exceptional testing sweet potato fries and very good beef burger!  Highly recommend
4	Hello yummy burger goddess! I think I finally went to burger and Tatter tot heaven. I ordered their original 3oz burger and it was like a party in my mouth. The Tatter tots were so crispy and cooked to perfection. They also came with a variety of dipping sauces. My hot plus one ordered the short rib burger and wants to come back for more.If you are looking for burger perfection, then this will be your go to place!I can't wait to come back and try more burgers on their menu!
