4	Latta Park is a really nice park in the pretty Dilworth neighborhood. I usually bike through the park on roads parallel to it. It's a nice place to sit and enjoy the sunshine or for kids to play. There is a spray park for the kids.
5	Latta Park really floods when it rains but that aside, it's a cozy little park with nice walking paths, both paved and unpaved. It also has a basketball court and a kiddy playground.  There are trees and wildlife galore (birds and stuff) and tons of people walking their dogs, joggers and bikers passing through. Just watch out for cankerworm season.  All those odd strings suddenly hanging down from tree branches with the grubby little green guys on the ground?  Yep, that's them...  Gross!  Make sure to get your trees banded if there's a breakout in your area.
4	Runners, and doggies and kiddos, oh my! This park is full of 'em! If you're seeking a low key park in the Dilworth area or Freedom park was just too crowded for the kids, Latta Park is nice runner up. Nestled in Dilworth off of Park Rd., this sweet park is full of fun for children and adults alike. You'll find basketball courts, a pretty sweet playground, running/walking trails, a mini spray park in the summer, a covered picnic area and a boatload of benches to sit down and take a load off. It's maintained well and for the most part, park goers are pretty respectful. A few notes...if you have a canine companion, please leash him/her. Some people's kids and/or animals do not appreciate dogs coming up to them even if said dog is friendly. Leash law, folks. Also, there is a water fountain or two plunked into the park for you thirsty runners and walkers. Lastly, while there area handful of street lights lining the park, I urge caution when running here in the dark. It's a very safe area, but within the wooded areas a runner/walker just can't see into the thick of things. Happy parking!
4	Great little green space with the Charlotte skyline in view!  This may not be the biggest or most visited park in the city, but it boasts some nice walking/jogging paths, basketball courts, and playground equipment.There's a decent side parking lot which is great if you are planning to run around/down East Blvd or area.  You can also make it down the trails and connect to the Little Sugar Creek Greenway if you want to run through CMC main.
4	Such a delightful park tucked away in the Dilworth area. It's a narrow, yet lengthy park surrounded by charming homes. One mid-morning I grabbed a bagel and came here. It was a perfect stop! From birds, squirrels, and people...it's nice to take it all in and escape from the every day stress. The park is tranquil with plenty of benches and tables throughout. There is a basketball court and a playground for the little ones. When it's warm out, I think one of the attractions is a little water park (see photo). Get outdoors and visit this park.
5	I'm a really a big fan of the spraygrounds here and the overall chill vibe of this park. I actually find Freedom Park kind of annoying, so this park is a great alternative to it if you are over on that side of down (Dilworth/Myers Park). I visited the spraygrounds  with my toddler on a Friday afternoon, and while the spraygrounds were bustling, it wasn't too crazy for a young-ish toddler, and there was plenty of room for all the kiddos to run around.  My only complaint is that, particularly in the playground areas, there aren't too many shady spots, which makes it rough going on a hot day.
5	Less than a mile from my house, this is the perfect little park for me. It's a nice blend of shady trails and semi-secluded picnic tables broken up by cleared area with a small spray/play ground, courts, and a rentable covered venue. It's quiet during the week with a sprinkling of runners and dog walkers, but the soccer fields and play areas fill up on the weekends (though it's hardly ever too crowded). There are benches, small bridges, and shady spots galore. I personally love being able to walk down with a good book or just plop down after a run and not feel as exposed, like you can feel at Freedom. Driving by in the early morning hours I've also seen owls and deer in the area, so it's a nice break from the city even though you're in uptown's shadow.Only a few blocks away from South (with Einstein's and the now open Nova's) it's the perfect place to enjoy a coffee and bagel if you've got the time!
3	I do love this park, really, I do... but, I do not feel safe here by myself or alone with my children, hence the 3 stars. In fact, I was stopped by a police officer who told me as much.  So, with 3 children in tow, we loaded up and went to another park.  I was thankful he told me this, as I was feeling like that but felt I was being paranoid.  Without that significant detail, this would be a 4 star park.  I think the little splash park is big fun for younger children, although it can get quite crowded and there are, as always, those parents who do not monitor their children's behavior.The playground is super fun!  Big, fast slide and great swings.  Great recycled plastic chips in lieu of mulch.Awesome picnic shelter and wonderful, open field for kick ball or soccer.Nice winding paths that feel like you are really in the woods instead of steps from one of Charlotte's cutest neighborhoods.--I did find several used condoms on the playground and on the lovely walking paths.  This is not a "go-to" park for me... Charlotte has too many wonderful options.
5	We've been to this park dozens and dozens of times. Lived less than a mile from here before moving to Concord. The park has a decent playground, fabulous spray grounds, a trail that leads through the wooded park area, basketball courts, a beach volleyball court, a covered pavilion area, a lot of space for picnicing, and plenty of big old trees. There are a lot if reasons to love this park. It's in the center of a great neighborhood with patrons often being very diverse, coming from other areas. The biggest knock for me is, despite the stone walls surrounding the park that can be used to sit, the park should have more benches around the playground area. Someone else commented on the lack of shaded areas. The middle of the day in the summer, much of the playground/park area us in direct sunlight, so there is a lack of shade, which of course is a huge positive on colder days in the fall and winter. All-in-all, great neighborhood park.Someone made a comment about the safety of the park, which I found to be a ridiculous comment. The park sits in the center of an affluent neighborhood, and I've never ever even seen a police officer at the park. I haven't looked up police statistics but i would wager fewer events if concern happen here than in other parks. Nonetheless, I would recommend allowing you kids to wander off down the trails alone and I wouldn't recommend women being alone in the park after dark. Both are common sense recommendations. The park does sit much lower than the streets and sidewalks on the perimeter, much like a park in a small valley. A person feels large when on the sidewalk outside the park but can feel pretty small when on the playground looking up.
4	Such a fun park.  Lots to do, a great trail, volleyball.... My kids love the spraygrounds so its a family favorite.
