1	Rude! Only had one cashier opened ,when .I got he did not wait on me,but sent me.over to the next one.That was closed... So I left the milk,and chip on the counter,and left.. Now I'm sorry that I spent $225.00 on fuel here!!!!!!
1	Wow, this place has got to be the dirtiest place I've ever stopped at.  When you enter, you'll be greeted by a floor covered in garbage and be prepared for your feet to stick to the floor.  Avoid the bathrooms at all costs.  I don't think the bathroom has been cleaned since the dawn of man.  A Bucky's port-a-john full to capacity on a hot summer's day has a more pleasant odor than Road Ranger.  Thick smells of stale pungent urine run wild.  You would be better to drop your drawers in the parking lot.  If you are thirsty, avoid the fountain soda.  I've never seen a soda counter so sticky in my life.  Horrible.  The decor along with the lack of staff (1 person to run the Subway and the desk) will make me never visit here again.  "Cleanliness is next to Godliness."  I guess we'll see Road Ranger in the deepest pits of hell.
2	I know gas stations are not 5 star service or expected the bathrooms to be sparkling but damn... We made a pit stop here since gas was .10 cheaper than the BP across the street and whew... I'm thinking we should have payed the difference... You know those slasher/killer movies where people are about to get it in a run down gas station? Yep that's the status of the men's bathroom here... It's the kind of place in which if you gotta go... Well pray first then use plenty of hand washing techniques and hand sanitizer afterwords. The bathroom hadn't looked like it was cleaned in months, there was cigarette butts in the stalls and I'm sure the dude in the single toilet stall was giving birth to a small grizzly bear due to his natural and unnatural noises and remarks. They do get a second star only due to the fact that they are cheaper than competitors but they seriously lack cleanliness. I would not advise the kiddo's to use the restroom here.
