5	My favorite mexican market in town! I'm so glad they built this location closer to where I live. This place has it all great prices on produce and meats, a huge selection of tortillas (you can watch them being made too!) a nice variety of fresh salsa's and on top of that they have a restaurant too! Personally I like to come here just to eat sometimes my staple is the Al Pastor plate which includes rice, beans, a salad and tortillas all for 6 bucks! You can't beat that price. Another section we visit frequently is the bakery, they have a wide selection of cakes, pastries, cookies and single servings as well. Everything is always fresh and they constantly replenish the displays.The service here is great everyone is very friendly and willing to help with a smile. The store is always extremely clean as well.
5	I love this store! Great music. Awesome produce prices. Wonderful queso bar. ZOMG, yummy, best burritos and tacos! More kinds of tortillas than I ever knew existed.This is my new favorite grocery store.
5	Finally a Mexican market that doesn't smell like rotting meat! Everything is clean, fresh, and busy (which MUST mean its GOOD). Staff is always friendly and don't assume people speak Spanish (even though I do). Their Guacatillo salsa is to die for!Their prices are great and they also have a restaurant, which I have yet to try but probably will in the near future.Best Mexican Market in Vegas!
4	I like my Mexican food...and I like my low prices...so you'll often find me at a Mexican store like King Ranch filling up on the cheap produce.  But this place is my new fav!  Cardenas is MUCHO LARGE-O and really nice!  A big plus....the place is MUCHO CLEAN!  I'm used to most Mexican markets smelling a bit under the weather *if you know what I mean* but Cardenas is fresh and airy!  Lots of light everywhere!  It makes me appreciate my shopping experience that much more.  I actually stopped in here on a whim a few weeks ago to get some fixins' to make pico de gallo to go with our Spaghetti Tacos.  Yes...Spaghetti Tacos.  If you watch iCarly and you have little kids in the house you know trying this at least once was a must.  Spaghetti...good!  Tacos...good!  Spaghetti Tacos?  Well, takes a little bit getting used to with the contrast between crunchy taco shell and slippery noodles.  But tastes A-OK!Back on topic, I'm gonna stick with Cardenas for now when it comes to groceries for my Mexican meals!  Prices are very reasonable (when I say reasonable I mean cheap) and are on par with the other Mexican markets in the area.  To me, the quality is a lot better than some of the other markets around town.  The produce is fresher for the most part, and most of their meat in the butcher section comes from the USA (no border crossing here folks)!  Their deli area with Mexican imported cheeses and cold cuts is great to check out.  So much variety.Besides the deli and the butcher counter, Cardenas also has a bakery that makes their own pastries and cakes fresh daily, and a tortilleria as well!  Warm flour and corn tortillas are formed and made right in front of you, and piping hot tortilla chips are made for you to take home too.  Nothing says love like fresh tortillas!  A really nice touch.After you get done perusing through Cardenas many aisles and picking up some produce, meat, a few baked goods, a slice of tres leches, a pack of warm tortillas, a container of fresh salsa, and a bottle of Tapatio, you should check out the tacqueria in the store!  All the fresh made tacos, burritos, and tortas you can shake a stick at!  All made right in front of you while you wait.  Cheap and good eats is a must I say!  My go to meal deal are the tacos...only $1.49 each!  Try it with your choice of meat.  I love the lengua (tongue)!  So meaty and tender after being simmered in their spice rub.  Don't forget to load your tacos with fresh onions, lime, and cilantro from the salsa bar!  Then wash it all down with a Mexican Coca-Cola!  Nothing like the real thing...with sugar!  Awesome way to end your Cardenas shopping trip.Bit of a warning on the Mexican Coca-Cola though to you diabetic Yelpers out there, Coca-Cola in the states is only a 20 oz. bottle and is made with high fructose corn syrup...Mexican Coca-Cola comes in a 1 L bottle (that is about 33 oz.) and is made with cane sugar.  Pick your poison wisely!  Bigger serving = Bigger sugar rush!  So tread carefully, I don't wanna hear about any of you going to the hospital.Knowing Spanish is a plus around Cardenas especially if you need help finding something.  Besides "Hola", "Gracias", and "Mira!  Arriba en el cielo!  Es Batman!", I'm severly slacking in my Spanish speak.  But don't worry, a lot of the workers know more than enough English to assist you.Stop reading and check this place out already!  Andale!
4	Good place and good prices. The restaurant part is ok but a bit flavorless. I really like the fact that it's clean and its not tiny.
5	I recently went to Cardena's and found it to be amazing !  Everything from the service to the food is awesome.  I ate at the restaurant inside and let me tell you that the food is amazing!  I've been there three times now and I haven't had anything I didn't like yet.  I personally have ordered, their combination plate with Carne Asada tacos, Lengua tacos, and their Al Pastor burrito.  The salsa is awesome also!!  I love love love their Guacatillo salsa  (the bright green one in the salsa bar).  Everything is so clean and everyone is so helpful.  Don't feel discouraged if you do not know Spanish... everyone is more than willing to help you out.  If you are a fan of hot tea, they have it for free behind the salsa bar and next to the plastic-ware.  Sundays are extremely busy, so expect a long wait if you decide to go.  Don't be shy to ask for samples, they want you to try everything they've got.  I asked for some Tripas last time (deep fried Tripe).  It was very oily, but pretty darn good!  My first time trying it so I didn't really know what to expect.  They have an awesome assortment of Agua De Fresca too.  I love the Melon and am anticipating trying the others.  As for groceries, pricing is very competitive and the store is highly organized and well kept throughout the day.  Cardena's is a one-stop shop: from bakery to personal care.  Forget Wal-Mart !!
4	I recently became a vegetarian and was looking for a larger slection of fruits and veggies so i checked out cardenas and i was very impressed. The place was so clean, the staff was very helpful and friendly and they had a great selection of veggies and fruits all which were very fresh. The prices here on the produce were very good. For meat, fish and cheese eaters they had a tremendous selection of everything and their bakery was out of this world with excellent prices. They also have a juice bar in which they will make you drinks with any type of fruit or veggie. The only downfall was when i checked out the section with the premade foods where they make you burritos, tacos, great looking sandwichs etc and they asked me if i would like a sample of anything so i tried a piece of their pork carnitas. It tasted so great that i had to buy some and it was the best, but broke my vegetarian lifestyle for the day. Next time i go there i must avoid that area. Also my 3 year old daughter who had never heard mexican music started dancing threw the place and when the employees saw her they came up to her and gave her a ballon, so she thought the place was the bomb. I don't speak spanish and there was no problem as every employee we ran into did fine with there english.
5	This place just opened recently and it's very clean and organized. I hope it stays that way; it'll be sure to get returning customers if it does. I came here with my brother one morning on our way to Tahoe, going North onto the 95. My boyfriend recently came here and told me the food at the little restaurant inside was really good, so of course I had to try it out for myself. It was pretty early in the day when we came, about 11am. There were only 2 people in front of us in line. When we got to the register we ordered 2 burritos, one carnitas and one carne asada, along with a large soda, which was pretty fat, it couldn't even fit in the cup holder in my car. We spent around 10-12 bucks, which was pretty damn good. They gave us a number to put on our table so they could come to bring us our food when it was ready. Shortly after we sat down, we noticed that the line suddenly got super long, so we were lucky. Our burritos came wrapped in foil and they were giant. The lady made sure to tell us which was which so we wouldn't have to find out after biting into them. I guess she didn't think we understood Spanish because she said "this is the fried pork one and this is the marinated beef one." It's nice that they speak both English and Spanish here because sometimes there's a communication barrier in Mexican markets. We both took a bite of our burritos. Mmmmm, meaty, cheesy, ricey, salsa deliciousness! These burritos were to die for! And for only 6 bucks each?! I wish I would've gotten another for the road.I highly recommend eating at the restaurant inside of here. The food is very authentic, delicious, and cheap! What more do you need? Good thing this place isn't near my house, cuz I would probably gain 20 lbs a month coming here 3 times a day.
5	Nothing better than fresh bread at Cardenas mmmm mmmm
5	Heard about this place on Yelp Talk and decided to try it out for myself....I'm glad I did.  This place is freakin' awesome!  It reminds me of the authentic Mexican food in So Cal.  The restaurant is located inside a Mexican market on the left side.  It was 6:30 on a Sunday evening and the line at the counter was 10 deep!  I hate lines, but stayed anyway....it was worth every minute.I decided to order:Carne Asada Burrito, $5.49http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DXn79Dzv8kpsMcNNKZHuRA?select=cC2AUIg0rdvATqfOiePgbQAl Pastor Taco, $1.49http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DXn79Dzv8kpsMcNNKZHuRA?select=nZxeRphGx4OJhhXSk9qqnQThe Carne Asada Burrito was awesome....the flavor of the Steak was as I remember it from back home.  The flavor of the other ingredients....Beans, Rice, Onions, Salsa, Cilantro.....was very good and proportioned correctly.  I was left wanting more, much more!  Glad I ordered the Taco Al Pastor....http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DXn79Dzv8kpsMcNNKZHuRA?select=gU0RY6b3sYgJoUplxVgn9AThe Taco Al Pastor was topped with a pile of Salsa, Cilantro, and fresh cut Onions....I took one bite and couldn't believe how good it was.  When I was growing up, my friends' family would cook these Tacos for special occasions like baptisms and Sunday BBQ's in the park.  This gem of a Taco hit the spot....full of flavor and fresh ingredients.The one complaint I have is that the Salsa Bar didn't have anything that was remotely spicy....which surprised me.  The Salsa was your typical Pico de Gallo, which was good in it's own right....but nothing for people like me who like it Hot.Overall, great eats!Return Factor - 100%
5	Look out Albertson's & Von's These Guys Got It Down! If you are looking for some of the freshest produce in town then you need to look here. We stopped to take a look of what went in to the old Mervyn's store on Meadows Lane and upon walking in we were floored at the size of this place. The produce section makes Whole Foods look small. They don't have organic products, but they have a lot of good looking produce. I found it interesting that almost all the produce was from the US or Mexico. I could not find anything from China. The prices were really low. We bought a big shopping cart full of supplies to make salsa and the whole cart was under $58. They have a large food court and a section that makes fresh tortillas and chips. The nice ladies gave my kids free samples of the tortillas hot from the oven, and now it is their favorite store. They have a restaurant where you can order your favorite Mexican meal and a large seating area and soda fountains for free refills. Ordering was a little difficult as my Spanish was no better than the order takers English... I'll have to work on that! I recommend Cardenas Market for produce and the tasty restaurant only. We will stick to Whole Foods and Costco for meat.
5	Cardenas is my Valhalla.  I would proudly perish in battle today if I could be awoken once again by the authentic sense altering smells of spice infused meats, the succulent fatty sizzle of decadent chicharone, kick ass garden fresh salsas and funky fragrant hand stretched cheeses.  From beginning to end I felt like a kid in a candy store. After entering the market for no more than a few mere moments my ADHD kicked into overdrive.  "Holy sh*t check this sh*t out", "WTF 5 avocados for a dollar", "F me hard; check out how fresh these tortillas are"," I can't wait to penetrate the crap out of those chilies". One thousand and one food porn fantasies flooded my already half baked brain. I would totally believe in a magic baby jesus as long as that infant sorcerer would grant me one prayer and one prayer only. For me to be a contestant on a Telemundo version of supermarket sweep held at Cardenas.
5	Want some authentic Mexican food?  Cardenas Market is your place.  This store is not just a Mexican grocery store, but also a restaurant. The place feels very upbeat and happy... like a market that isn't actually in Vegas.  I always get the spicy pork burritos here.  I love them!  They don't serve you gobs of cheap hot sauce because the burritos don't need it!  The burritos are filled with rice, beans, finely chopped onions, cheese, and of course spicy pulled pork that has so much flavor that no extras are needed.  The beans and rice are fresh, not dry or burnt.  Now this is how a burrito is supposed to taste!  These things are huge too, and heavy.  Under $6!I also tried a Sandia, which is a squeezed or blended watermelon drink.  It was so fresh that I had little yellow seeds in mine.  As I sucked on the straw, I got little chunks of watermelon.  The watermelons must have been very good, because this drink sure was!  A little pricy for a small, $2.49, but considering it is freshly squeezed watermelon, it isn't a bad price.  Mine didn't last the drive home (which is 3 minutes) because I couldn't stop guzzling it!I am so glad that I live near this place.  It has a great atmosphere, the people that work there are friendly and welcoming of everyone that shops there.  Even a blond haired, ghostly pale guy like myself got plenty of offers for free samples!  This is definitely going to be a regular spot for cheap lunches or dinners to go.  No more corporate "Mexican" restaurants for me; this place beats them all.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!This and fresh & easy is my go-to place for groceries! Their produce is super fresh and surprisingly cheap!! I love the 2# of limes for .99 cents! I cook A LOT with lime and normally I can get mayby 3 for .99 cents but here I got 9 good sized ones! I love guacamole and I've been making it more often, but the avocados here are .89 for a small one or 1.99 for a very large one... first I got the small and used 3 to make like a cup. This time I opted for the large ones... we shall see how they work! The cilantro is fresh and 2 bunches is .99 as well!Next to the produce is the bakery! Here they have many different types of cakes including TRES LECHES! I love tres leches cakes and here they make them soooooo good!! I just got a slice thats in the cooler for 1.99 and shoulda bought 2! I went to the bakery and bought a chocolate covered HUGE granny smith apple with nuts.. for only 1.99!!!! They even cut it for me!! LOVED IT! They had choc covered strawberries 1.49ea, choc covered cheesecake on a stick 1.99ea, and choc covered marshmallows 1.99ea! Next time I'll try the cheesecake, but the apple was super DELISH!The pan dulce (sweet bread) and bolios (french bread roll things) are HELLA yummy!! I went when they were both 3 for .99 and this time the bolios were still that price but pan dulce was .49 each. I also got the polvorones (YUM!) some type of pan dulce with sprinkles (Seriously, the best!!) and a doughnut. They also have churros and a ton of diff empanadas and other yummies!I went into the meat area and I usually ONLY buy boneless chicken breasts from f&e (2.49#) but here they were on sale for 1.99#. What I liked about Cardenas is that the packages werent all huge like other places, but small. I found like 4 of them which were under 5$! This is good because my son and I love chicken, but its lame when you have to open a package and have 4 HUGE breasts (I cut them in half so they become 8 breasts!!)! Now I have 4 small ones that we can just cook!! I also got some beef, I have no idea which cut but the time before I just cooked in in evoo and served it with gravy and mushroom over rice, YUM!I love how here they have the meat market here! I used to go to a place off Jones and Tropicana to buy the marinated meat for carne and pollo asado but I live far and dont have a car (I borrow my bf's) so I was very sad : ( Now I'm a happy dumpling!! The carne is 5.99# and is super yum when you cook it! They carry most all meats! and fish also. Another awesome thing is the dairy/cheese area!! You can get Mexican quesos here!! AHH! I was in heaven! They also have a torterilla and make fresh corn and flour tortillas, sope cups, corn chips, and all that jazz here!! The torts are yummy, not like the real thick masa kind but still yummy. The corn chips are pretty good, but kinda thick. I didnt try the hot food here but they have a whole cocina with all the goodies so you can sit down and eat! Next time!Like I said I LOVE THIS PLACE! I can now cook all my Mexican faves!!
4	Nom nom nom.That's all I can think about when I think about Cardenas. Nom nom nom. See, not only can I go there and eat (the first nom series) but I can also buy food to eat later (the second nom series). See, they have a restaurant there. The tacos here are pretty good, and the prices and amount of food are pretty good. At least good enough to compete with other restaurants in the area, and better than some of them.They also have a full-on bakery here that has delicious bread and cake and stuff. Really, it's all pretty awesome. Also, they make tortillas here.All that is in addition to the fact that this place is a grocery store. As a grocery store, this place is pretty cool but also confusing. They have a lot of stuff here, and it is not always so clearly organized or zoned well. At the same time, they have a lot of stuff here! They have some pretty normal things here (chicken breasts, rice, produce). They also have stranger things that I never buy, but at least I know where I can find them: chicken feet, pig snouts, other stuffs. In terms of the prices here, the prices are always lower here than they are at most other groceries in town. They have deals here, though I mostly just get one or two things (plus tacos).
5	I LOVE CARDENAS. Love it. Let me count the ways...there are many I assure you.First off, the salsa. OH the salsa! They have a lovely lady who hands out little tacos with usually either carnitas or pollo (available hot from the counter, of which I get some every time I go for dinner that evening) so you can sample any salsa with their homemade chips. Their salsa is the best I have ever had. I stock up every time I go with at least four large containers. For two people...yes we love salsa. Secondly...home made tortillas. Now, I thought I loved corn tortillas. That was until I had freshly made, hot delicious, heavenly freshly made corn tortillas that make me want someone to slap me back to reality. Oh I am for real. You have not had a corn tortilla until you have had one of these. Thirdly, they have a meat counter with a fabulous selection, along with a generously sized meat area with prepacked meat. SAME prices as the meat counter. Love that. The butchers are always helpful with finding the best meat for the job. For example, pork for posole. yum. Fourthly..they have a queso counter. Oh delicious queso fresco and about six different kinds of crema. Pickled pork rinds and other wonders I haven't tried.  Home made tamales? Joy AND rapture. Fifthly, they have a drink counter californ-i-a style with strawberry guava juice, horchata...well, once you say horchata I am already there with my mouth open. Right next to that is a counter with GINORMOUS sheets of pork rinds, juicy carnitas, soups, etc for you to take home hot and ready. I was told they have a special for like fifteen bucks you get a whole chicken, salsa, chips, sides and a soda? Dont  quote me but ti was something along those lines. There is also a whole Taqueria here so you can sit down for lunch as well while you are waiting for someone to shop...or like me, just grab a giant horchata and wander. SIXLY...they have the BEST produce. Ever. I am ADDICTED tot heir seeded watermelon. Not since I was a child have I tasted watermelon this sweet, delicious and just bursts with flavor oh my my. I ate a whole (smaller...it was like, pumpkin sized. DONT JUDGE ME) one one day. A larger one over the course of two days. I ate so much watermelon I had a watermelon bloat and hangover from being so full. And I am not usually a watermelon person. And the limes? Cilantro? Tomatillos? I can get my produce for the month for less than twenty bucks. No for reals.  It is so cheap I have considered going vegetarian and living on the cheap. and on and on. There are mexican pastries...oh the flan is orgasmic and those little sugar things that are flaky and look like hearts...Oh. Oh you come here right now. They say Shakira makes Danzig wanna speak spanish, well Cardenas does that for me. I LOVE YOU!!!
5	yummmmmmmmmmm!! the food was so good and the store is very clean.  great service and great selection. LOVED IT!
5	Holy Mexican Fiesta, Batman!  With my incredible love of all things Mexican, I somehow had never hit up Cardenas or Marianna's.  Ventured into this market on a Sunday and had a great shopping adventure.  As I made my rounds through the store,  I was overwhelmed by the sights and smells and noise.  It was awesome.  What I loved most is the fact that there are service counters everywhere, where you can get everything from meat to dairy products. We picked up some carne asada, fresh sour cream, homemade flour tortillas, homemade salsa and homemade tortilla chips.  With the exception of the employee who maimed me with his bread tray cart, the whole experience was great.  Will definitely be returning.  Although I wish the spicy spicy habanero salsa liked me as much as I liked it.  Have your Tums ready!
5	This market is a El JEFE of all food markets relative to hispanic food! I'm talking about the over abundance of delicious fresh tortillas, salsas- red, GREEN, GUACAMOLE! beverages, dairy products, and my most FAVORITE of ALL- PAN DULCE (the really deally kind too!) It's very special to me to meet with my parents for breakfast and bring them sweet bread fresh from the bakery (heart).You have all the typical items from any other food market, meats, vegetables, dairy etc... However, the bakery is geared more towards traditional hispanic style baked goods, tres leches, flan, etc....  Whats even more fantastic is that they have a small restaurant where they serve tacos (carne asada, lengua, chicken etc). FRESH MADE HORCHATA, JAMAICA- Friggin delicious!! At about $1.50 per Taco...  You'll find pinatas, and the bakery makes quinceanera cakes as well. I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
5	What was I thinking the past 45 years of my life shopping at other stores for produce before I found out about Cardenas. My grocery bill has been cut in half. The have a huge selection of produce and always less than 50% the cost of anywhere else we have shopped. Now we have extra money to go out more often and that's a great thing. Whoo Hoo
5	After reading Wendy's review below I made the drive to Cardenas and was not disappointed. Their produce section is well stocked with many, many choices, and pricing that is hard to beat. In my opinion it's the best I've found in Vegas so far. Their bakery was impressive, but the meat section...wow, great choices at prices that are very tough to beat. Fresh made tortillas from street taco size up to purple corn tortillas made fresh in front of you? Yep, they got it. But the salsa...oh my, the salsas and guacamole...my regret is not buying more. They didn't have Mexican Coke in the refrigerated section, pricing on some things in the middle of the store was average to higher than other places, and parking was tight and checkout lines were kinda long. But all that aside, I will be back, and I'm telling others. This place is worth the time to check out. And did I mention just how good the salsas and guac are? I will go back for salsa alone!
5	Cardenas was the jam when I lived in Cali. My abuelito and I would always be at Cardenas getting him pan so I was excited to see a new and big market open. Vegas definitely needs a quality Mexican market. Big plus is that it is big, wide aisles and clean. Even when it's busy you don't want to scream as it doesn't get clusterfucked. They have your Mexican food needs: panaderia and fruiteria, fresh tortillera, a butcher with a ceviche/sausage/cheese counter, a restaurant, large produce area.The produce part is what I'm after. The BF and I started to juice and even though I cook with natural/organic vegetables, I really started to see how juicing is going to put a large dent in the budget buying from Whole Foods since veggies don't make much liquid. The produce area is neat and fresh on top of being crazy cheap! We bought a 20lb watermelon (8lbs for 99cents), 6lbs of apple (2lbs for 99) 4lbs of pears (2lbs for 99), 2 bunches of celery (80 cents each), 2 bunches of kale (89 cents) 2 parsley bunches (80 cents each), 3 HUGE cucumbers (3 for 99), zucchini, 2 bunches of spinach, mexican squash, 5lbs carrots ($2.99 a bag), onions, squash blossoms, jalapeno, bellpeppers (5 for 99) for $23.  I was also really excited to see squash blossoms (male ones, didnt see female). They are really hard to find because they are highly perishable and need to be used right away. Wasn't the freshest I've had, but it was good enough and I had great stuffed blossoms at home. We didn't really go buy other things but we checked out everything. If this is like the Cardenas in Cali- the prepared food is delicious and the tres leches in the bakery so come hungry if you shop. I'm just so happy our juicing can be done on the cheap! Will be coming here often now.
5	This store is set up in typical supermarket aisle fashion, but it's the U-shaped (left, right and back) area that you need to visit.  Facing the store, the goodies are veggies, fruit, bakery and juicer-y on the right; meats & fresh cheese to the back; and OMG freshly made tortillas and plated food on the left.  I started with a squeezed in front of my eyes orange/pineapple/mango juice while perusing the cilantro ($.99 for 2 big bunches), radishes (same price) and mango ($.69 each).  Everything was super fresh.  Then, I hit the meats... one of the best meat counters and cheese/deli counters I've ever seen.  I have to read up on what 3/4 of the food is, but I'm willing to do so when it looks so darn good!  When I got to the tortilleria... can you say "nirvana"?  Samples of guacamole, carnitas, salsa fresca and tortilla chips along with the delicious aroma of the kitchen.  Friendly, cool Latino music, good prices, what more could a gringo want?  Oh, and everything I bought was absolutely delicioso!  Mi familia said "muy bueno"!
5	WOW. It's like a Mexican market Disneyland in there. I have to admit, the international markets can really intimidate me sometimes (I still won't attempt to navigate the butcher counter at Mariana's...), but this place was so easy and welcoming. So clean, organized, well staffed...I got a sample of the carnitas at the "cafe" section - delicious. I got to sample the fresh salsas - I think the roasted red is my current favorite. Hot off the presses tortillas in several different varieties. An entire counter full of sour creams(!!). The dessert bar looked amazing too, but I didn't buy anything from there, just drooled a little on the floor.The prices aren't as low as, say, Mariana's (which I love for produce like limes when I'm on a margarita kick and need a ton), but I also didn't have to pick through to find ones that weren't a little questionable, and there was room-a'plenty for carts to navigate.I think I went back 3 days in a row b/c _someone_ kept finishing the salsas... highly recommended!
5	cheap, clean, friendly.
5	Holy grocery stor-gasm, this place is fantastic! Finally made it out for a shopping excursion today. The store is super clean, the aisles are roomy and organized, the service is fast and friendly and their stock is great. Aisles and aisles of all my favorite sauces, foods and snacks.They have an enormous selection of ready made sauces, tortillas, butchered meats, cheeses, baked goods, fruits and veggies. Plus, they're all fresh and tasty. They also have an in store restaurant and food counter for meat by the pound, tortas, combination plates and even posole and tamales. What could be better?!I plan on making this a regular on my shopping rotation.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!I..its very clean ..the best selection of produce..carne asada and the freshest tortillas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Let's get real here for a second. This place is amazing. Period. It screams authenticity without being too third world / developing country standards. That is what this place is. It has everything you would to cook authentic Mexican or if you like a pseudo-vegetarian; great prices on produce. No one can beat 3 avocado's for 1 dollar or 4 lbs of large tomatoes for 1 dollar. Or 5 cucumbers for 1 dollar. And the beat goes on. Plus the fact they grill their own chicken on the spot for tacos, make their own tortilla , bread, chips I mean it's a Mexican Version of whole foods. I will continue coming back for a long time coming.
4	Top notch Mexican Supermarket off of the Decatur Blvd exit on the 95.  It is very busy, with numerous shoppers in the store and the check-out lines remind me of Costco on a busy weekend. But in spite of the crowd of shoppers, the store is constantly kept clean and organized.  That alone is impressive.The produce section is huge and the prices are good and the selections are fresh. For those on the juice diet or just wanting to eat more healthy, Cardenas Market is your friend.  Their meat section is very big, and there is always a crowd in that section.  The only section that is busier, besides the check-out lines, is their deli.  You can get some great Mexican food without the restaurant pricing here.  They also make tortillas fresh, which means why buy the packaged stuff that has been trucked over from who knows where.Definitely shop here if it is not too far from you.  Spanish language proficiency not required, but definitely useful.
4	Don't come in to shop on a busy Saturday afternoon, this place is busy!  Long lines at the check out and they had most of them opened.  It was even crowded just pushing the cart around. But I love this store.  It has smells, sights, and sounds that I don't get everyday, and I just cannot pass up fresh made tortillas.  After passing through the bakery area, and picking up a couple bags of fresh baked goods, we made our way through the fresh veggies.  I finally had a cart full and went to stand in line, while my husband continued to check things out.  I finally made it through the check out and out to the car.  A great grocery store but in my case, not one to use regularly.
5	When you first walk in, you'll notice the outrageous lines they have. This store STAYS packed at all times and there's a reason. Everything is really cheap and the chicken in the deli is amazing. Better then any chain restaurants. Definitely give it a try.
5	This place is grocery heaven.  Big, clean, bright, and CHEAP (3 for .99 avocados, what, what!).   They also put up with my  pathetic attempts at using my high-school level Spanish. So, gracias for that.It's also entertaining.  I spent about 10 minutes transfixed by the in-store tortilla factory.  And, damn, those tortillas are tasty.  I bought a package of the corn tortillas for roughly three dollars and, despite my best efforts, have not made a dent in them.  It's a crazy good value and they're fresh.  The ingredients are: corn, lime, water- no preservatives like the gross tortillas at Smiths.  I'd also recommend the tortilla chips made in the store.  They're very, very good.  Eat them with the homemade salas in the salsa section (molcajete is my fave).  Complete your trajectory to carb-coma and diabetes land by picking up some tres leche cake. It's worth the potential damage to your kidneys, I swear.
5	This place is excelente all the way around. It's huge, with a drinks bar, on-site eating area, tortilleria, and more.   I love the sales they have, where you might get avocados for 66 cents each or something wild like that. Because I go through periods where I eat only raw foods, this is a perfect place to stock up on carrots, apples, grapefruit, bananas, avocados, lettuce, cucumbers, and other fresh goodies- I always start in the produce section. A lot of the food is made on the premises- you have to appreciate that! Fresh cheeses, pastries, smoothies, and prepared foods, and those corn tortillas that you smell when you walk in- heavenly! I've only had two problems here: one time I bought cucumbers on sale and they rotted in about two days. I brought them back and was told to simply pick out a new batch. No problems.   Another time they left a bag out of my cart and I didn't realize it until I got home. I called them and they located it and had me come in.  Unfortunately,  one of the missing items was no longer in the bag. It took several minutes for them to verify from a list they had created that it should be there, but at no time did I feel they were out to cheat me.The employees are super friendly but many do not speak English, so be prepared for some minor challenges if you are in need of assistance.  I speak Spanish so I usually do all right here.I love this place! Between the food, the friendly staff, the prices and the loud pop music, you can't help but have a good time while you're shopping.  I think I'll have Soundhound running the next time I come so I can listen to these Latin hits at home! OH- and I forgot to mention: Free wifi! If I lived in the area, I'd probably come here with my laptop once in a while.
4	Great prices! So reasonable. Clean! Great selections! Went there on a Saturday afternoon.. Absolutely packed now that must say something. Carne Asada and horchata is always on the list.!
1	Totally careful when you buy something, can't return / refund or exchange for some stuff, like alcohol, picnis, etc..It's just weird you can't do that, even tho you haven't open it.Still in very good condition ( still new ).No more going back to Cardenas...
5	this is the BEST place to buy produce. they have the CHEAPEST and largest variety of produce in town. ill never shop anywhere else for produce. i feel like ive been getting ripped off all this time getting produce elsewhere.
5	"AYUDAME! AYUDAME POR FAVOR!" I bet that's what's going on in the mind of the Gringos that come here.  I love coming here, the selection is fantastic, the produce quality is on par with Whole Foods, and the service is....well the service is how you make of it. Cardenas is not a place for the timid. Like at a club. Girls are more likely to ignore you than ask you to dance.  So with a bit of liquid courage, walk up to them, tell them what you want, grab a seat and wait for your bottle service to happen and they will come. Your experience can be quite dazzling.But if you're timid like Arvin T.'s first time there,  you can be quite a spectacle. Running around like a chicken with his head cut off. Are the ladies going to come to me? How should I do this? "AYUDAME!!!"
5	Hola mis amigos!!!  Ayudame Senor!!!!!  Ayudame!!!!! Seniorita!!! Donde estas??!?!?!  Te amo, mi amor!!!!!  These are the things that I heard My T yelling when I first came into Cardenas.  You would have thought the man was born and raised in Mexico city!  And I have no idea why he was telling someone he loved them.  The whole experience was strange...I have come here once and had a great food experience.  My T is absolutely right, there is a bit of a language barrier and it can be difficult to order, because not everything is brought to your table.  For instance, if you order the mariscos, you have to take your receipt to a separate section to pick the food up.  And you're lucky if someone is even there to help you in that section.  Why 5 stars if it can be difficult to order and even get decent customer service??  Because of the prices!!!  It's way too cheap to complain about anything, and the food quality is great, everything is fresh.  Tacos, tamales, shrimp cocktail, ribs..... Dios mio, es delicioso!!!!!!  Es uno de mis restaurantes favoritos para lunch (como se dice lunch en espanol??)Adios amores!
4	I was visiting from out of town and needed a market to buy basic American grocery, and digging through Yelp, I found this place.  I wanted to explore a random non-Ralphs/Vons/Alberstons/etc supermarket, so there I went.  I found all 12 items I needed and even ended up buying tortillas made on the spot, a giant Mexican cookie, and stripped sugar bread from the bakery. It was fun watching them make tortillas on the conveyor belt until one of the cooks told me to stop filming.  That killed my zen.  Minus 1 star for that! Overall and aside from the baggers squashing my cookie and bread from poor placement, their meat and salsa servers and boxers were pretty friendly and gave good service.Will go back again and maybe buy a Jesus candle!
4	Visiting Vegas and my brother and sister-in-law brought us here. My gf loved the selection of desserts, especially the flan. Bought a slice and it was good. Lots of interesting produce, low prices too.  Only problem was the checkout lines. Not enough cashiers. Price check for a customer ahead of us took forever!
4	This place is mo' Mexican than all the supermarkets I've been to in Mexico!  We came here to see what all the hoopla was about, and since Mexico has been in my blood since my first visit, before most Yelpers were born, it did not disappoint.I was blown away by the selection of produce, and even better, the prices!  Cheap, but also great quality.  I've been buying Roma tomatoes at Trader Joe's and having lots of problems with them lately.  At Cardenas they were so much cheaper, I could buy as many or as few as I wanted, and the price was shockingly low.  I took them home, they ripened beautifully, and didn't rot before I could use them all.  I don't do a lot of cooking, but if I did, I could have filled the cart from the produce department.Everything looked enticing, including the tres leches cake that was sold in portions small enough for me to be sucked into buying it.  "Let them eat cake."  I did.  And it was good.Huge cans of hominy, a dizzying array of fresh and dried chiles, tortillas made on premises in an actual tortilla factory in one corner of the store.  All this, and I get to speak Spanish, too!We spent so much time in Cardenas that I knew I wasn't going to want to go home and prepare dinner; it was already late.  So the restaurant beckoned to us.  We ordered chicken burritos at the counter, were given an number to set on the table, and the food was brought to us when it was ready.  I wouldn't give it a rave - the chicken was somewhat dried out, which may have been due to the late hour - but it was tasty, filling, and reasonably priced.Cardenas is a treasure, and we'll be returning often, especially for the great produce.
5	How would you like a Wal-Mart-sized building filled with fresh-made chips and salsas, mangoes by the truck load, a huge deli-case full of Mexican cheeses, and a mini-Mexican restaurant? Well then head on down to Cardenas, my friend!Here you have a large, bright, clean, gigantic grocery store full of everything you can possibly imagine. From the standard bottles of water, toilet paper, Oreos and such, as well as giant slices of tres leches cake and a selection of house-made tamales. I guarantee that if you came here with just the intention of looking around you will end up leaving with an armful of delicious treats - at minimum.Cardenas offers a large bakery, a juice and smoothie bar, house-made tortillas and chips, and a little restaurant area with some seating. There is also a very large produce section and everything looks really fresh and better priced than the other grocery stores in town. Every time we visit we always leave with chips and fresh salsa and we usually grab some tortillas as well since I become incredibly inspired to cook.  Plus I grab a Jarritos Mexican Cola for the road.There's an added bonus for friendly employees- while we were choosing which bag of chips we were going to get, the gentleman behind the counter who was making some fresh offered to bag some up for us!
3	I like these stores here for produce and bakery. The produce is very affordable here and it's pretty good quality. This is the nicest location of the Cardenas in Las Vegas family. I know Cardenas boasts about having "bi-lingual" cashiers, but they do not. It's a little frustrating. I don't come here often, but this is the only location I like.
4	Was my first visit. Overall was good. The produce was fresh. Meats looked good. Had a nice variety of soft drinks, like some Mexican brands that they don't have in most stores. Will be there again. Only got 4 stars because of their ketchup section. 75% delmonte. 20% hunts. 5% Heinz. Heinz is the only brand that should be allowed to use the name 'ketchup'. All the other brands are just shit.
4	Picked up some freshly made pico and red sauce. Delicious! My only complaint is that the containers do not seal very well and they can easily open and spill on your journey home. It is great for convenience when I want fresh pico and I don't want to chop up all the vegetables. Their tortilla chips are nice and crunchy, just the way I like them!
5	Fantastic prices on produce, which is plentiful and sold in various stages of ripeness.  For example, 5lbs of tomatoes for 99 cents--grab a few red for now and some orange to yellow ones for later in the week.  Also, 3 avocados for 99 cents...holy guacamole!   I get a large bag FULL of produce for less than $20.The staff is friendly, fun, and fully bilingual.  The atmosphere brings you to fiesta time!  This is the spot for vegetarians to stock the fridge.  Skip the fresh made tortilla chips, they are too thick and crunchy and bound to cause mouth injuries.   Although I will try next time buying the 'raw' corn tortillas and making my own chips at home.  **update, that went well.
5	This is my favorite grocery store when I'm in Las Vegas. It's 20 miles away from the house, but the best place for all your Mexican or Latin American food needs.panaderia-bolillos, conchas, churros, tres leches cake, flan, and numerous other pan dulcetortilleria-freshly made tortillascarniceria-two words...chorizo verde, along with cheeses, cevichestaqueria-best chicken family meals, along with fresh made smoothies, salsas, pico de galloI always make it a point to stock up on the groceries, which usually includes a family meal for him and his friends or me making a couple of pans of his favorite enchiladas verde the day before I leave. This is a large well stocked grocery store with an excellent produce section. They have nice wide aisles, big parking lot. And their prices are great.
4	Lemons & Limes are cheap here =) It's always packed in the parking lot.
5	Cardenas Market is one of my favorite places to shop in Vegas! Every time I walk in to Cardenas it's like I'm in Mexico at Sorianna or Mega.    Cardenas has one of the best produce departments in Vegas, the meat counter has one of the most extensive selections of meat and poultry around, the bakery is loaded with freshly made Mexican style treats and the cheese/lunch meat counter is awesome.    Two of the coolest things at Cardenas are the Tortilleria and the lunch counter. I don't know of any other place in Vegas where you can watch corn or flour tortillas being made fresh, bagged up and handed to you while they are still warm. The fresh made tortilla chips are the best in town without a doubt. Nearby you will also find a selection of fresh made salsas and guacamole all of which are delicious.   The lunch counter/restaurant is a great place to stop any time of day for some authentic Mexican grub. They have everything from chorizo and egg burritos, asada plates and pork tacos that you can eat while you shop.  You may even gain some inspiration for the next Mexican feast you whip up at home.
5	Cardenas market is awesome, all kinds of desserts, meats, and food. But I would say there carnitas tacos with guacatillo are one of the best tacos I have ever had... don't miss out
5	The 5 stars is for the tacos only and the flavored water.  A good friend of mine turned me on to their fish tacos and now I go at least once a week. The only complaint I have is that some times when I do go for my fix, they do not have any fish :-(
5	This by far is hands down one of the markets that I like to frequent most. I hate that now living up towards summerlin there are so little hispanic markets around me this just happens to be the closest one.We recently purchased a birthday cake here and it was spectacular so much so that my wife demanded that i write a review of how spectacular the cake was for her. The cake that we purchased was round and extremly tasteful it was a tres leches cake and it had a strawberry filling and it was topped with peaches strawberries and kiwi's. The taste was definetaly melt in your mouth but the one thing that i liked the most about this cake was simply the pan in which they served it in. I go to lots of hispanic markets and have purchased several cakes from elsewhere however this was the first place that had a bowl like platter that held the cake slightlty above box but also had a bowl like center which was extremly neat since the milk part of the tres leches didnt simply splash and overflow everywhere. it held all the juices in place and was great!!
4	Still a fan here!  Shop Cardenas weekly to get dinner goods for Taco Night at our house!  This place is close to my work so I'm here at least twice a week for cheap produce and reasonably priced meats.  The selection is still great, and I've noticed over the months that more and more non-Latinos shop here!  Good job people!  Cheapy like me!  Their produce prices sure beat the local Albertson's and Vons and Smith's by a long shot.  The only other place I get veggies is the Asian market but that's only because those yummy types of veggies aren't found here at Cardenas.  Go ahead, ask the stocker where they keep the baby bok choy and the fragrant pears!  You will get a look of confusion.  Well, that could also be because the stocker doesn't understand English very well.  In either case, you're out of luck.Cardenas is still mostly one stop shop for your Mexican needs.  Besides the large supermarket area, you still have your juice bar, bakery, deli, and tortilleria stations within the store.  The tortillas here are pretty good, I'm spoiled now...I only buy fresh made corn tortillas from the tortilleria for my tacos!  They taste 100 times better when they are made only a few hours ago.  Really makes a difference in your Mexican dishes.The juice bar is tasty, with fresh concoctions of strawberry and watermelon juices, or a fresh fruit smoothie.  It's better if you know a bit of Spanish because the drink orders can get confusing.  Got what I thought was supposed to be a strawberry smoothie, but they for some reason added beets!  Tastier than I thought it would be but still, could have done without them.Cardenas bakery goes all day long.  When you enter the store you constantly smell the aroma of fresh bread or pastries coming out of the oven.  Tip, always ask for the freshest stuff out of the ovens (usually will be on trays where the ovens are).  I find that sometimes the pastries in the case can be sitting there for a while, and Lord knows who's been touching them or who's kids boogie face got on them.  A sign that says 'Please use tongs' doesn't always fit the bill!I am often here for a quick lunch at the Cardenas deli, especially when they run their weekly specials.  $5 sale for a burrito al pastor?  $3 for a ham torta?  Often with a free drink?  I'm there!  I enjoy most of the fare at Cardenas, and it's great they have a free salsa bar to partake with each meal.  As of late, they have taken out the sliced cucumbers and sliced radishes that used to be regulars at the bar...but it's ok.  They probably had to because of food cost, or because of people like me who love to stock up for some healthy snacking!  No problem though, looks like more pickled jalapenos for me!  I am probably there for food at least 5-6 times a month.  I love me a torta with a mix of tomatillo salsa and Cardenas hot sauce for dipping.  MUY DELICIOSO!Cheap and easy, that's my motto.  Well, for grocery shopping at least.  Cardenas fits that nicely.  If you see me there, come by and say "Hola!"  I might just be able to understand you.
4	We popped in and had a few carne asada tacos for lunch and grabbed some for grillin' later. A really neat grocery store with some uncommon food items. The carne and pollo were good on the grill but I'd still recommend Los Compadres if I had to pick between the two.
4	Having another juice.
4	I love coming here to Cardenas market to do our shopping for mexican night. Very affordable and a wide variety of everything. There tortilla and salsa are made fresh daily so you know your getting nothing but the best. Sometimes when the wife and I dont feel like cooking we would come here for dinner, the food is great. The kids enjoy grill chicken and the refried beans alot, the grill chicken kinda remind me of El Pollo loco but BETTER and also cheaper. I prefer the tripa tacos(intestine) it is sooooo yummy! But very high on cholestrol haha. The tripa is so addictive that sometimes I even order to go. The buche(stomach) lengua(tongue) cabeza(head) is also good :) not to mention Caldo de rez( soup).  We also like getting our birthday cakes here also, taste great and not so sweet .
5	Love this place!  Great shopping and awesome food to eat while you're there!  Love their tortas!
4	Best tres leches cakes & produce are cheap!
5	always clean great food and great prices, do not come here when there is a boxing fight. you will be  on line for a long time.
5	Best salsa's in town.  Homemade to perfection.  Fresh very reasonably priced produce and a very clean well laid out aisles.  Wish I lived closer to this location.
1	Mala organisacion en la comida se tardan demasiado en atender a la gente y la comuda se tarda mucho tiempo prefiero la bonita
2	Major turn of to any establishment is having employees 5 ft. Away from the entrance smoking while standing on a pile of butts. Ewwwww. Another problem is to not have a single clean table. I'm glad I ordered my food to go. The food is reasonably priced and very good but the smoking and cleanliness of the eating area will not make me rush back here any time soon.
5	Location: Complex near Subway and off the Decatur/95 Freeway.This is the place to come not only for decent quality produce, but for one that is cheap to tout as well.  I get boggled by the quality of it and the low price to go along with it that I'm always appreciative that it's on my way home.  Too convenient as it's off the 95, but I think my purse is happy too as I can manage to walk off with 2 cabbage, 3 cucumber, 3 sweet potatos, 4 zucchinis for $5!!  They have great specials on the weekend and another special for Wednesday/Thursday including their 8 peice grilled chicken, stack of warm tortillas, and fresh salsa all for $3.99!  It is definitely a cheap meal to have and better than what you can get at McDonald's that feeda 2+ ppl.  Meats are marinated if you're in the mood for quick carne asada, and they have a cold case of various cheese/sour cream.  For anybody who loves omelettes with salsas and sour cream like I do, the salsa molcajate is a must with spicy roasted peppers and the crema mexicana.  You'll feel like you've missed out with plain jane El Paso salsa and Daisy/US brand sour creams.  This place is definitely a wonderful spot to pick up a lot of groceries at a fraction of cost all with great quality.
5	Wow, just wow!I love walking in Cardenas and getting a feel of the place.  We heard a lot of good things about the salsa, guacamole, and tortillas.  So, we immediately headed toward that area.  We picked up green salsa, mild salsa and then checked out the tortillas.We watched them make the tortillas for a bit and then replenish their stock.  We were given a couple of free examples, Nice.  Great service, great assortment and great prices.
4	Anything that is related to mexican food is here. This is a one stop shop for all your mexican food needs. I personally love the fruit that comes cut up and prepared with chili powder. It is my favorite. The watermelon here was great. This is like walking through Tijuana in las vegas.
5	I love this place. I always check their website every Wednesday  to see the weekly ads. Always has some great deals to make me drive across town..I come here for the produce. Baked goods and Fresh made salsa and tortillas.
4	I love it here. Mmmm, smells like freshly baked bread as soon as you step in. This must be why I buy so much when I'm here, lol. Such a great selection of produce (Now that's what I call a Green Onion...you'll know what I mean when you see it!!). Always fresh food and great prices. My kids love the bakery, my husband loves the meat section, I love the horchata. If you're tired of the same old stuff at Smiths or Winco give this place a try. Just try to avoid this place on weekends especially Saturdays. It's a madhouse! You'll be waiting in line for 30 minutes at least. Don't forget to pick up a pack of their in-house homemade tortillas & salsa. And if all this shopping has worked up an appetite, you can grab a bite to eat on the way out. There is plenty of seating too which is a plus. I'd recommend the carnitas.
1	Slowest people on planet earth. It took forever for every person in every department. The meat department smelled super fishy...lost the urge to buy cerviche pretty quick. Never again. Ill take my business elsewhere. Just like my 7 year old said while in the check out,  these people take forever but they sure know how to talk and talk and talk.
4	Cool Place. I felt like I am in another city. I love the fact that they made fresh Tortillas and even let us taste some.
5	I am OBSESSED with this store! I'm sorry I did not find out about it sooner. This is the best place to shop for produce, fresh tortillas, and authentic Mexican food. When you walk in to the store you feel an escape from Vegas and as though you have entered a great place to shop in Mexico. The store associates are wonderful, and definitely make a stop at the food court~ I had a carne asada torta most recently and it was delicious. This store will not let you down.
5	I LOVE Cardenas!! The number one thing I come here for is the Carne Asade. Oh yum! I do get a little nervous that I might get someone at the counter that doesn't speak English and my horrible made up Spanglish would get me something I did not want to eat! But my Mexican friends assure me that they all speak English. I still get nervous and have caught myself speaking broken Spanish to them, which I'm sure they find amusing, as one of the many reasons to love a Mexican, they find Americans hilarious and I love anyone that thinks I'm funny. Anyhow, back to the topic of conversation. Their produce selection is great and at an affordable price. Trying something new is less intimidating when you don't have to pay an arm and a leg for it. When everyone else in town jacked up their lime prices Cardenas still had the best price. I love to go to the counter and watch them make tortillas, one time when I was just admiring and watching, not paying any attention one of the guys shoves three hot and fresh tortillas in my face to try. LOL yummy, what a delicious surprise!! Their fresh tortilla chips are a bit pricey (to my surprise) and greasy, but they are good. Their Tres Leches cake is sooo yummy! As I've said before Mexican food is my all time fave, I'd eat it for the rest of my life and I'm so happy Cardenas is just a hop skip jump away from my house!
4	Large produce section, and great prices. The in store fresh waters and prepared food sections are better than expected, but expect to wait. Music is fun and louder than a traditional store. Very friendly staff. I steer clear of meat section - the smell if blood is greater than normal here. That's just me.* bakery options look beautiful, but as there are no apparent gluten free options, I can't comment further ; )
4	This would be a 5 star review if they stopped employees from smoking out by the front entrance and if they could address the long lines. (The cost of being awesome)The cleanliness will blow your mind!The fresh tortillas will blow your mind!The produce my amigos  will blow your mindThe bakery  will blow your mindThe meat... Sometimes has rabbit, goose, and other uncommon choices  will blow your mindThe food deli will blow your mindHome made tortilla chips will blow your mindThis place kicks ass on the big chains. My favorite place to shop. Now let's address the smoking and lines so I can rate 5 stars.
4	I agree with the other reviews here, the store is one of the cleanest I've seen, certainly cleaner than the Albertsons, Vons and Smiths by my house. The produce is great, fresher and much more reasonably priced. The other stores can't compete on the freshness of tortillas, since they don't make them. In general it's a great store, with great pricing.That being said, I want to review the cocina (kitchen) in the store, i.e. restaurant. I've have eaten there a half dozen times. I normally get the chili relleno plate, I have also had the tacos and a burrito there. Every time the food has been great, better than most stand alone Mexican restaurants in town. Everything is fresh.I have Yelped several Mexican restaurants recently, many not that good. While having lunch at Cardenas yesterday, I realized I never Yelped them, so I wanted to correct that.You place your order and go sit down. Now this is where it deviates at times. Most of the time they call your number, you acknowledge it and they bring it to the table. Yesterday, they didn't have anyone delivering it, so when they called the number you go to the pickup counter and get it. I don't know if that was an aberration, or a change in policy. Makes no difference to me, it might to you.I had the chili relleno plate, large chili relleno, beans, rice, lettuce, tomato and choice of tortillas, corn or flour. As it happened, it was their weekly special, $5.99. It was good and filling, and how can you beat that price. The place is busy, the parking lot is always full, but I've never had to wait for a place to sit or long for the food. If you want good food for a reasonable price give them a try.
5	Nothing bad to say!  Wonderful prices on produce, wonderful freshly made tortillas and wonderful customer service.  My husband is a vegetarian and we get his full week of meals for about $20.00.  I am so happy they came to our Neighborhood.  They also have a full bakery with really good teleras and bolillos. They also have a restaurant that smells divine and always has a long line.Go! See!  Buy!  You won't regret it. The lines get long so don't go on the weekend if you're impatient.
3	Great place for produce,fresh and cheap. Fresh masa has always been good. Their homemade tortillas ok but just too expensive.Caution this,no matter time of day they are always packed and the checkout are Ridiculously Slow.NEVER have enough lines open.i still go for the produce.
5	We saw them building this new clean Mexican market last year but we were honestly a little intimidated to go to a Hispanic market...since we're not Hispanic.  Well we've been several times now and we love Cardenas.  Service is excellent.  Everybody speaks English.  The story is sparkling clean.  Our visit always starts in their amazing juice bar.  You can get a large fresh watermelon juice which is incredible.  This is next to their produce section which is the most impressive that I've ever seen.  We've bought meat from their butcher and we've always been pleased.   The best part is their tortilla factory.   They make the best fresh tortilla there, as well as salsa, rice, guac, etc.  They have a little restaurant but we've never been. You know that feeling when you have 10 things in your cart at Whole Foods and end up paying $200?!?   At Cardenas, your cart will be full and this will cost $50.  No joke.
4	All in all the place ain't half bad and is always my to go to place for produce.Prices are all over the map, great for produce and fruit, on the other hand staples such as tortillas, salsa, dairy and such are just crazy.The carnecaria needs help, its not as clean as I'll like to see and smell, a few times I got spoiled chicken (ask to smell before its bagged) returning it was a PITA, for some strange reason management is no where to be found and only a manager can authorize a refund.Check out time can be a problem as well, the cashiers tend to get into long hart warming conversations with other shoppers ahead of you in line, now I can appreciate chit chat and all but HELLO, there are 6 others waiting in line, that is unprofessional and disrespectful. side bar: if you are a blue eyed devil you are safe from any chit chat so look at the positive side, you will not be slowing down any other patrons.The take our restaurant found inside is just xlnt and is very reasonably priced.in conclusion, the place can be great with a better management, employee training and attention to product quality. most likely the profitability will rise as well.
4	Great prices in produce :) Meat is a hit or miss. Kids love to watch tortilla being made. They give samples sometimes too! YUMM!The restaurant inside has good deals on already prepared meals like carne asada or carnitas by the pound.
5	This place is INCREDIBLE!! Right down the street from Meadows mall you can hit the grocery shopping after clothes shopping. The parking lot is always packed when I go but it's worth it - people coming, people going. I have YET to come across a rude Cardenas shoppers, unlike at another hispanic grocery market. They all look unhappy, unless they are coming out KNOWING they're heading for Cardenas ; ) Customer service is great, produce is good, fresh meats, fresh bread, and the food court they have is oh my, delicious!! It's always clean and never closely together where you run into other shoppers. It isn't pricey either, unless you're a cheapskate, but even then you can find deals in here.
3	The variety, quality and pricing of fresh produce and bakery items is highly competitive which has me coming back week after week.The biggest downfall of this store is that many of the staff do not speak English at all.  They cannot even answer basic questions about a specific product within their own dept. This forces the customer to find someone in the store to act as a Translator.  Not cool!At the very least Cardena's should be teaching their staff how to answer questions about their products in English.
4	WOW! This is an awesome Mexican Market!We roamed around and found everything we needed, and a little bit more we did not know we wanted. Love it! The produce department rocks, the meat department is truly meat-tastic! And yes, you may see some stuff you would never buy...Like beef brains. But there is plenty you would! Ribs, steaks, marinated beef, yum! There is just so much yummy stuff here! You will love it!My words of wisdom...don't go if you are in a hurry. The store is giant, and you will want to explore. And when you get the cashier they are definitely not in a rush. My BF calls this "mexican time" I just call it slow...but well worth the wait!
5	Was on my way to toys r us and me and my sister were hungry so we went to cardenas. We each got tacos I had lengua,carnitas & Carne asada very delicious!  You would be pleasantly surprised for a grocery store there food is more than delicious  I would definitely go back for more. Next time I will be trying the torta since everyone around me seemed to have one. Thank you Cardenas for making me full!
5	Love Cardenas Market.Where else can you buy 25 pounds of carrots for $7 - and amazing homemade corn tortillas and fresh flamed-broiled chicken.So yummmmmm!
1	I love have love/hate with this store. Great prices but horrible when it comes to staffing their cashiers. Great food court but how can  I say that when I see a roach on their counter. The store manager happened to be walking the area so I told him to come and see what I had found.. A ROACH. He killed it and walked away. No apology or nothing. TODAY I Was in line for 45 mins at check out. I finally decided to leave a full kart of groceries, wasting at least another hour from picking up my items. Store manager was working a cash register- a sign of poor management. Get someone that is capable of running a store this size.. THANKS FOR WASTING MY TIME.. UGH
