4	Very nice and creative interior. Drive thru and dine in Mexican grill.  Just opened yesterday.
5	Back again in less then a week. they didn't disapoint.  Blame the heat outside or something but all I've been craving these past couple weeks are bbq and Mexican food. I just love eating at this place. It's probably the effort they did with dressing this place up mosaic tiles on the wall and tables, fixtures, flat screen tv on the wall, roofing on the walls, AC turned up. only complaint is that some of the seats are wooden benches and are soar after a while of seating. a lot of their items are also cheaper than roberto's or Maria's. both times I've spent about $5-6 for some food and drink. usually close to $8-9 other places. I usually always judge these places on their best Nacho dishes, almost a buck less, which I plan to get next time maybe by the end of this week.my favorite Mexican restaurant. don't know if they serve alcohol but if they do I'd come here at nights too.
4	Cheap, delicious and open 24/7. This place is legit!*They have a salsa bar with unlimited red sauce, green sauce, cucumbers, the carrot mix and limes. *They speak English *It's clean and beautifully decorated inside *If you are a rolled taco person they roll them and cook them fresh to order chicken or beef. So far my favorite is the Carne Asada burrito, but since I don't want to look like a double wide trailer I've only had it's goodness once. My lifestyle is low carb so I get the grilled steak platter with no rice or tortillas. It comes with beans and a side salad with fresh avocado and a tomato slice for $3.99. I'm completely satisfied. Everything I have tried has been pretty damn good. I just wish they offered the free warm chips like the place before.
4	I think if this place was located in San Diego they would only get 3 stars, but the competition in Las Vegas isn't as fierce.Everything is well priced.  They currently have a carne asada platter special for $4 which includes rice, beans, a slice of avocado, lettace, and meat.  It also includes a large tortilla.  You can basically make yourself a carne asada burrito and rice/beans while saving yourself more than a buck.The nachos were pretty good.  They didn't overload it with beans like most places do.  They did overload it with carne asada though!  Could have used more cheese.  Additionally it would have helped if they nuked the cheese for a few seconds so that it was properly melted.I also had a quesadilla on one trip.  Very cheesy and buttery.  Unfortunately, like most Las Vegas taco shops, the tortilla is more on the rubbery side than the flakey side.Anyways, for Las Vegas this is a pretty great taco shop for the money.
5	How I've missed you, my go to place for mexican eats.  I had to experience some of the others before coming back to you.  I usually try the carne asada nachos at every mexican place i go to so the wait was well worth it.  This time the shredded beef super nachos, huge chunks of shredded beef, and all of the toppings I could ask for, didn't event have to pay extra. Excellent meal while I watched my football. Don't forget the cucumber and carrots.
4	Stopped here to fulfill a mid-afternoon snack craving.Based on my experience at Tacos El Compita, I expected tiny lil things.  I ordered a carne asada taco and a lengua taco.  I did not realize the asada taco came with guac, so I ordered a side of guac for 75 cents.While waiting for the chef to cook em fresh, I grabbed salsa, limes, and some radishes and cucumbers from the salsa bar.  What I noticed is the cleanliness of this place (the dining area, the bathroom and the kitchen), and the interesting decor.  There is a green theme for sure (green painted wood, green tiled tables).The food came out fast and the tacos were huge!  Each served on a corn tortilla that wasn't all soaking wet, and my side of guac was the same size or slightly bigger than Chipotle's and costs less!I had the asada first - it came with guac and pico, but I added a squeeze of lime and tomatillo salsa.  It was yummy.  Then, the lengua.  It came with chopped onions and cilantro.  I added the extra guac and the tomatillo and lime, then dug in.  The flavors were great, and the tongue was so good!  Such comfort food.  To be honest, I could probably have had just one taco and be full, at least for snack needs.They have lots of specials.  This week there was a special listed for 2 tongue tacos, rice, beans and a drink for just $6.25.  If I had been in the mood for that, that is a great deal.  They also serve tortas, tostadas, menudo, and other tasty treats.  The staff is bilingual and they take cards for small amounts.  I would definitely go back and it is 24 hours!!
4	I have never had a bad meal here! You will have a brief wait since everything is made fresh to order.The corn tortillas are extremely fresh and soft. My meal order is selected just to get these tortillas ... They are that good.It's very clean and the staff are pleasant.
3	This place is just ok.  They have a drive thru which is cool, however the people always seem to be rude over it.  The food is just alright, nothing to have a craving over.
3	The service was excellent, the staff was very friendly and the food was fresh. I had a vegetarian burrito and my wife had a chicken enchilada but she hated it. This is authentic mexican food and probably appreciated by those looking for real Mexican spices and herbs and not American Mexican food like taco bell or del taco. Still not the best Mexican food I ever had but it's up there
2	Did not enjoy my meal ... In fact all for of us didnt. The enchilada sauce was watered down. the tostada shell was  burnt and soggy . Possible. Very nice people and a clean restaurant. But would not go back.
3	Pretty solid. This is now my goto fast food mexican place. Everything is always quick and hot! 24 hours as well!I've had the beef burrito, which had big chunks of beef as opposed to ground beef, as well as the breakfast burrito. Both good!Both the salsas taste weird though.
4	I love this little place. They took over for a pretty bad taco shop that was originally in the building and their food is light years better. I'm a huge fan of their carne asada and carnitas. And their staff is always super friendly and not many 24 hour food choices in this part of town.
5	Love Don Tortaco! My family and I eat there at least 1-2x a week! I recommend walking in to order as their drive thru speaker is horrible and makes it hard for the employees to hear the order. The staff is super friendly and the food is great, quick & cheap! We love the carne asada nachos, bean and cheese burritos and chicken Tortas. The California burritos are soooo good, but sooooo huge!
5	Ordered the carne asade and its bomb!!! People are pretty cool and the amount is awesome...
4	I am going to class that is up the street from this place and I don't finish until 9 PM.  I always drive by this place.  One night I sitting in my seat with a pain in my stomach.  I needed to eat something.  The only problem was that I wasn't in the mood for a fast food burger or I didn't want to wait a long time for some good food.  It was then, that I remembered this place was open 24 hours.  I had my mind set the last 45 minutes of class all I could think about was a burrito.  I pulled up and decided to walk in the restaurant because I read they had a salsa bar.  When I walked in the place was pretty clean and bright.  What I noticed right away was how familiar the place looked.  I noticed the menu with the pictures of the food and even the way it was organized.  I had to go back outside to make sure I was in the right restaurant.  I had a bad case of deja vu.  Let's just say this place very closely resembles another restaurant that serve similar food and their name is Spanish for Robert.  I ordered the Carne Asada burrito.  I saw some pictures of it on Yelp, so I was excited.  I was really hungry too. It only took a few minutes to get my burrito.  This bad boy was HUGE!  I was happy because I was really hungry.  I wanted to get home so I waited to eat it there.  When I got home I inhaled this piece of heaven wrapped in a tortilla.  to be honest it was just a regular burrito but for some reason it tasted really good.  This is place is legit.  If you are in the area then you definitely have to check Don Tortaco out.  Cheers!
1	I guess, judging by all the other reviews, that I was a little late to get the decent tasting food. To be fair it was only like 2:30. There should have been some left.This was gross. Not to be all rude about it, but bad food is bad food. And, baby, this was HORRIBLE.So, I ordered the #1, which was four rolled tacos stuffed with shredded beef topped with guac and then cheese along with rice and beans. How you can mess this up is beyond me, but I'm about to tell you.First, please don't spread the guacamole all over the tacos like it's a sauce. It is not. It's a side. Then, don't even think about putting shredded cheese on top of the guacamole like the picture illustrates on your drive-up menu board. I will gag.I thought I was fixing the problem until I bit into the first rolled taco. What's another word for 'where in the heck is the moisture in this taco?' Oh, that's right, DRY. If you deep fry something and then stick meat with no moisture into that, it will be no wonder that I feel as though I've been driving down a freeway going 80 with my mouth wide open. That's pretty dry, FYI. Also, covering it up with guacamole may help, but what a scam. By the way, the guac was the only decent thing going on here.Please tell me how you can mess refried beans up. No, honestly, I had no idea there was another way other than scorching them to death. These were so heavy and filled with more cheese (they apparently love their cheese here) that I couldn't even eat them. They didn't even taste like beans. Please take 'mexican' out of your name. I'm embarrassed. The rice was the same thing. Just heavy, not light. Weird.I can't do this place ever again, I wish  I'd just kept driving past it day after day. Foul.
3	Drive by this place daily and decided it was finally time to give it a try. They offer about 5 lunch specials, I went with the beef Sopes. Two beef Sopes served with rice & beans and a soda for about $7. The beef was shredded beef, some still in tender chunks that was very flavorful. It was on top of a sope then topped with lettuce, tomato, cheese & sour cream. The only drawback was the sope was very tough, you couldn't cut it with the plastic knives they have... The beans and rice were typical. Everything tasted very fresh and the portion was so large that I had to take some home. If you're looking for a quick fix on Mexican food, this place will have the cure!
4	Good cheap Mexican food.  Basically the same as Roberto's Taco Shop which is more widely known in the area, but most of the items I like are cheaper here.
4	We live about a mile away from this place and just recently discovered that their carne asada tacos are pretty good.  For my taco loving family, Don Tortaco is exactly what you want in that pinch of a moment when you are craving good tacos but want to avoid the ff chains and restaurants.  Each of their tacos is filled with a LARGE heaping of meat - no skimping here.  The fully loaded tacos on corn tortillas are my favorite.  The crunchy shells are a bit too fried and crunchy for me, but my husband likes them.  We prefer the carne asada over the chicken, but still eat them both.  Their house hot sauce is delish!  Their rice is delish!  Overall, this is a great neighborhood taco spot and we will continue to eat there!
4	I have to reduce the rating cause lately they haven't been a great as in the past.  I usually order the need super nachos, which are usually loaded with a bunch of huge chunks of meat and lots of guac, cheese, sour cream, etc.  The last time I ordered them they were quick at making them, like ridiculously fast, I placed the order, paid, turned around went to the condiments counter, and less than 30 sec my order was done.  I thought awesome, special treatment for the Duke at the time. I asked and they confirmed it was my order, so cool.  Went back to work, opened it up, and noticed that they it wasn't my order.  It had all these extra ingredients that it usually didn't come with it, it was very soggy, cold, and had very little meat. I only ate what I could manage to eat and tossed the rest. Yeah it sounds like they gave me an order of beef super nachos that no one else wanted and was sitting around before I came there.  Come on.Other times I've seen their condiments area not filled and their limes always seem old.  Another time their tacos were burned and meat was completed dry.  But their California burrito was good, only place I've good for California burritos.They still make pretty good Mexican food for cheap and I always still go here so I'm still a fan but service and quality has just got a little down lately.
3	Literally, across the street from my living domain. I won't lie, the only time I come here is to fulfill late-night drunk munchies or to grab something to help cure a hangover the next morning. I either go for the carne asana friends or carne asana tacos- boy does it hit the spot.
4	We decided to get a quick dinner and we were craving Mexican. This location is not far from our house so the husband and I decided to get it to go and went through the drive thru. The speaker is horrible! We couldn't understand anything the guy said! So we placed our order and hoped for the best. He actually got our order right! We ordered a chicken tostada and beef tacos. They were actually very good with a lot of meat in the tacos. The only downside was that the shells were on the greasy side. The tacos were 1.99 each which we felt was reasonable. We will definitely be back next craving. I want to try the carne asada burrito!
4	I have been driving by this place seeing the 24 hr sign and never caring to stop until tonight. Around midnight I went into this unsuspecting building to find a great taco shop. The inside is not your typical surgical lights and dirty tile motif. Its very tastefully done inside and  I was greeted by the guy running the counter fairly quick. I saw the grilled chicken special and couldn't pass it up. Only *6.99 for 2 pieces of very well seasoned and marinated chicken breast served with rice, beans, and fresh avocado, tomato, and your choice of flour or corn tortillas. I was very happy with the beans and rice too very flavorful and well seasoned once again. I got the green and red salsa and have to say they are some of the better green and red sauces, very good with the food and adequately spicy. I also got a bean and cheese burrito for tomorrow and everything on my bill came to less than $10. Great job for midnight, 10/10 will have again.
1	Went  first time on Saturday night.  Wait was at least fifteen minutes after the guys in front of us in the drive through got his food.  Ordered extra cucumbers for our shrimp, but got extra shrimp and was charged for it.  The manager actually asked for our food back so he could remove the shrimp.  What a health code violation.  Refused to give us a refund on something we did not order and a mistake on their part.  Window person was difficult to understand and she had a hard understanding us..  To me  service was zero and food was ok.    But probably won't go again  because I can get the same quality food elsewhere with people who are a lot more service oriented and customer friendly with a lot less wait.
1	Used to be the best in town but they aren't. So sad. They keep messing up my order and I order the same thing every time.
4	Hmmm... where to eat when you're broke on your ass and five days of Del Taco is too much? Don Tortaco!!!! I'll admit with everyone else's reviews, the food can be hit or miss, sometimes the food is really bad. Honestly, all these 24-hour taco joints taste the same, ie Roberto's, Fausto's, etc... Their food is 3 stars, think of a Mexican Denny's, but I like Don Tortaco the best. One thing, they are clean. It's a nice area, with clean tables, a cute taco shack theme, without being a taco shack. There's a huge thing of marinated carrots, cucumbers and salsas, next to the all-you-can-drink soda fountain. Not bad, not bad. The prices are dirt cheap. I mean, cheaper than Del Taco! They have a carne asada burrito special for around six dollars and that is easily two days of food for me. I can vouch for their carne asada. It's edible. Actually, I always get their carne asada plate because I can get two handmade flour tortillas, even though the burrito special is much better deal. Their flour tortillas are bomb. They've also got decent cheese enchiladas and shrimp plates. Chicken burrito is meh, but again, super cheap for the amount of food you get. Dishes I'd stay away from are their tacos (deep fried, hard as rocks) and their beef burrito (it's a massive, soggy mess of beef). And of course, I always load up on the carrots, jalapenos, cucumbers and salsas. There's no staff giving you the stern eye if you load your plate up (at least at this location, the one on Twain is another story). Their fresh salsas are bomb.
5	Soooo good! I always get the chicken tacos with just cheese and guac, no lettuce. Or the chicken rolled tacos. I like this place better than the competitors!!
2	Walking in you'll see great and beautiful decor! Everything is really nice from all 4 corners of the building. But the food wasn't that great. It wasn't anything different from any mexican stop i've been at except one thing. We ordered the beef steak special & carne asada fries. The beef was EXTREMELY dry, chewy, and hard. We couldn't even cut it into small pieces so we had to ask the cook to chop it for us. The carne asada was okay, its a smaller portion than what I usually get from other mexican restaurants but it could do. Its quiet in there too, no TV going on (even though theres 2 on the wall), and no radio. So if you're going to go here, go here when you're hungry and do not care what you're going to eat, good luck!!
1	I wish zero stars were an option!! I'm only writing this review to warn potential diners of the horrible service and mediocre at best food. I drove thru the lady ''maribel'' was rude as possible I ordered two combos one rolled tacos BEEF with extra cheese and guacamole on the side. When I got my food she gave me one of each little salsa and I double checked by asking her that my rolled tacos were indeed beef not chicken. Then I had to ask for my side of guacamole again which she made obvious was a real hassle for her. Get home chicken rolled tacos with barley any cheese. Don't waste your time and money Maria's taco shop is right across the street.
1	Las Vegas friends: I don't usually make a fuss and blast a place but sadly my favorite Mexican food Don Tortaco has disappointed me. They failed to put all the food I bought into my bag. I discovered it at home of course. I drive back after a phone call for a refund request produced no results. They apologized, then gave me the food and asked for my card to refund it. They accidentally charged me again, and said they would cancel the transaction. They did not. I get home with the remade food and its terrible, I think on purpose. I have always loved their food and I couldn't eat this. I contacted them several times to talk to the manager to no avail, finally escalated to the area manager. He turned out to be a jerk too. I just wanted the $9.35 back that I was double charged. He told me to file a complaint through my bank. I told him I would make sure I told everyone I know about this poor customer service. I will also take this up with better business bureau. Sad. I also need recommendations for a New Mexican fast food, preferably with a drive thru. Customer service is key, as my friends have been pointing out, there are many other great Mexican food places in Vegas. Also my friends are sharing like crazy on facebook. Don Tortaco listen up! Its about customer service, not just the food.
3	Torta is good, but I was not crazy impressed by this Roberto's style taco joint. About 10 pm my girlfriend and I rolled up through the drive through. I ordered carnitas pork plate, a carne asada taco and my girl got the carne asada fries with extra quac. The portion was great, nice fulfilling meal! My issue was that most of my carnitas was pieces of fat and the amount of fat/oil in the to go box was sickening. As you can see from the picture, it was pretty fatty. The carne asada taco and fries were good and filling an the guac is great! All in all, it's a 24 hour fast Mexican joint. The food tastes good but I'm sure the cuts of meat are not great quality. If you are a healthy eater you may have issues with this place. If you don't care, or have a stupidly fast metabolism like my girl- try this place out. They give Roberto's a run for their money.
5	I'm so glad this place is here. Similar to Roberto's. Everything is always hot fresh and great tasting.
1	Wow. Just... wow. Never again. This place is a rip-off. It was dead-empty when I walked in, which was cool because I didn't have to wait in line. I immediately ordered some carne asada "super" nachos, which cost me damn near $10 (the price of a large supreme pizza or a movie ticket). They made my food in a timely manner, but it was about a 1/3-1/4 of the size of the carne asada nachos from Roberto's. I figured it would at least be a lot better tasting. WRONG!!! The steak was chewy and grisly, the cheese was barely melted, and the pickled carrots from the salsa bar were mushy. I ate my food as quickly as possible and left never to look back. Roberto's' version of this meal may be incredibly greasy and make you hate yourself after eating it, but, most of the time, they at least hook it up and give you what you pay for.Go to Taco Y Taco instead. There, you get great service, delicious food made from fresh ingredients, and it doesn't feel like a cut-rate wannabe Roberto's. I'm looking at these other positive reviews and it makes me question the state of mind some of those people were in when they wrote them (probably drunk and/or stoned out of their minds at 3:00 in the morning and needed something to quell their munchies).
3	I used to come to Don Tortaco all the time, mainly because they serve big portions at cheap prices. However I hadn't been to it in over a year and my last visit was gross, so I'm dropping them a star. Firstly, the place has gotten shabbier. It feels dirtier and there were flies EVERYWHERE. They use to have a clean salsa and salad bar. When I went, there was no cucumbers, only two salsas and the area was a mess. No bueno. I think the carne asada special is now $8. That is not a great deal. It's not that great, it tastes ok. Eh... pass. I doubt I'll ever eat here again. Pay the extra two bucks or so and go to Taco y Taco.
4	I think this places food is great!! The salsa is fantastic. I've never been inside, just drive thru. But it's always been great. The only thing is the wait is pretty long in the drive thru. 5 minutes for a bean and cheese burrito. But, foods good so I'll come back. Better that Robertos.
2	Overpriced and small portions.
1	Worst Lengua I have ever had, poorly cooked, where's  the salt? Guac also missing salt. I couldn't even force myself to eat it and I eat almost anything. My hubby said his torta was ok, I tasted it and was not impressed. Run away, run far, far away.
4	One of the best bean and cheese burritos ever. Great salsa verde. Drove through after work two nights in a row (after the first night I was hooked.)I was skeptical at first, but they are friendly folks who know authentic Mexican cuisine. Super bomb burrito! I bet the rest of the food is pretty darn good.Only downside-limited English so if you have a lot of questions or need custom orders you're kinda screwed.
3	I hate to simplify things...but it's basically Roberto's with Mexican Coke.
