5	My primary care physician referred me here when I was suffering from a really bad breakout on my face that I had been dealing with for a few weeks. Dr. Daulat was great! He listened to my concerns, explained everything to me, and prescribed me medicine that finally helped me get rid of whatever I had. Thank you for that!! He also made sure that I understood what I had to do in order to avoid future skin aggravations. I also appreciated the face cleanser and moisturizer samples I received, which were formulated for my sensitive, atopic skin!The waiting room is very clean and the office staff is helpful and friendly. In my experience, the wait time is less if you schedule an afternoon appointment. I think I have waited at least 45 minutes when I had an appointment in the morning.Just an FYI- the doctors are available on Mondays and Wednesdays at this location.
1	Extremely difficult to deal with on the phone. I asked if they took my insurance and the woman told me I would have to call my insurance company and get back to her. She couldn't be bothered to at least transfer me to the billing department to see if they take my insurance. No, instead she wants me to do the work. F-off. I'll go somewhere where they make it easy on their patients. There are plenty of other options out here in the desert...and I'm going to take another option.
1	If I could make it zero star's, I would. These people are the rudest idiots I have ever dealt with. They will send you a bill for no reason after your insurance company has already paid for everything. Please read all the reviews about this place on the all the various sites, and you will see a trend of bad service and incompetent Dr's.  Stay away from them and go anywhere else to get your care.
1	If you like dealing with a place where you want to make an appt. and every time you call you are on hold so long you just get pissed off, this is your place. Why don't you hire some people to process calls? Every time.....
1	Just took time out of my incredibly busy work day to go in for a follow-up appointment and was turned away because my "referral from my primary care physician expired." I wasn't aware that referrals had an expiration date, especially for a follow-up for the same issue (why is that necessary?), and neither the office staff nor the call center for this place bothered to let me know that it was going to expire.The appointment has been coming for two months - I even called to change it from late Dec. to after the holidays, at which time I am told, the referral was already expired - and the call center didn't say a word about it. They ask for every little bit of info on you when you call, even though you're already in their system, then they don't bother to tell you that your paperwork is expired and you will not be seen until you get another referral?! FAIL.
1	Not impressed at all. It's where the social security building is so don't miss the turn. We were referred by our daughter's pediatrician for her eczema so I made an appointment and you have to answer a bunch of questions to schedule an appointment. Our appointment was with the PA, Galina Serdtsev. I made the first appointment of the day in hopes that I wouldn't have to wait very long. I waited a good 15 minutes after my appointment time and I had paid and filled out all documentation as required probably 5 minutes before my appointment. Anyways, we get to a room and the nurse asks questions about her eczema. Galina comes in and says babies get eczema blah blah blah so she prescribed 2 medications. She didn't even look at my baby's skin or touch it. That was that and I left irritated and cheated out of my time and copay. The meds she prescribed according to the pharmacist isn't good for a baby.  Wtf?! And they gave me a coupon card for each medication but it didn't work because my kid isn't 17 years old. Save yourself time, money and a headache and don't come here.
1	Went to this clinic first thing in the morning at 7:40a.m. only to wait an hour to be seen and the PA barely glanced at the moles I was asking her about. She took one glance and then told me if I really wanted them removed to come back in six months. I had to go to my primary care doctor and pay a copay to be sent to this clinic to pay another copay for someone to not even listen or look at me and dismiss me within two minutes. I have never felt so discouraged after leaving a doctors office. I would never consider returning here again nor refer any of my friends or colleagues to this clinic. This is a true display of medical practice at its worst.
1	I had a referral to see a dermatologist, but my "Consultation" visit was about 3 minutes in-n-out of the room with the physician's assistant!! How is that okay?  You cannot charge for a consultation if you don't care enough to look at the lesion for longer than a second.  I'm sorry, but this is not how you make a patient feel comfortable about a procedure he/she is about to get done.I tried to get a second appointment and actually see an MD, because I thought I was being ripped off by having to pay for that short visit, but they were not helpful, so I just decided to get this procedure done elsewhere.
1	Unfortunately Keesha Kaplan (P.A)  is the most incompetent and least empathetic physician I've ever encountered. Not only did she misdiagnose my condition, she injected me in the wrong part of my body (according to an M.D. in another LVS&C clinic). Furthermore, she walked out of the room while I was asking her a question. She simply couldn't care less. Don't gamble with your health; make an appointment with a qualified physician, specifically an M.D. or D.O.
1	I went in because my primary care physician referred me to a dermatologist due to weird reactions to a procedure I received(from somewhere else). Unfortunately I was misinformed by my primacy care physician and should have seen an allergist instead of a dermatologist. Not LVSCC fault. My problem was the PA I saw was a guy who obviously doesn't really care about people or his job. I had to switch my work schedule and inconveniently go there and instead of him sympathizing he rolled his eyes and acted like a jerk. Then pretty much told me I'm wasting my time trying to figure out what happened to my skin and what I'm allergic to. Which is odd because my entire job is skincare and to take care of it so why wouldn't I want to figure that out? I specifically mentioned that I'm an aesthetician. When he walked out he just yelled at his front desk staff "IM NOT AN ALLERGIST CANT HELP HER". This entire situation could have been handled differently and if he would have been respectful I wouldn't have been so pissed to waste my time. Instead he's a brat and I'm going out of my way to write this post. Which I never usually do. As an aesthetician I can recommend dermatologists for my clients to see because they ask me all the time. I will never recommend anyone to go here. The only reason there is 1 star is because 1 out of the 5 front desk girls was polite and actually seemed nice, and it's the lowest rating they can receive.
1	Is give 0 stars if I could. I love how they want you to be there 15min before your appointment, but take an hour to get to you. Appointment was at 945am. It's now 11 and I'm just leaving!!And this was just for a Nurse practitioner. Smdh!!! Nope not coming back here
4	This review is for Dr. Clinton Martin and his staff only ~I'm not sure why everyone has been having bad experiences, but mine have been pretty alright.I got there 15 minutes before my appointment as suggested. The lady at the front gave me all the paperwork that needed to be filled out (electronically now, wow!), and that took me almost half an hour. No worries there. I was ushered in to see the nurse, who took some medical history, asked me what my problem was, wrote it all down and told me the doctor would be in shortly. And he was - in fact she was still in the room when he walked in. Haha. I showed Dr. Martin my keloids, to which he immediately asked if I was willing to do steroid injections. Funnily enough, that was exactly what I was going to ask for. So I agreed, then told him about my Psoriasis. He took a quick look, and told me something that made complete sense in my head. It WASN'T Psoriasis, but something very similar. No wonder my previous medications didn't work too well. He prescribed a tropical spray, gave me a sample for immediate use, and a coupon that lets me get it for extremely cheap at my local drug store.~~~~~~~~~It's been 2 weeks, and I just got back from my first set of shots (boy, did they hurt!) The nurse kept apologizing for the pain, which I thought was sweet, although totally had nothing to do with here. Only reason I docked off a star is because someone made a mistake in my record and said the keloids were supposed to get cut out that day - thankfully the nurse and I caught it, and she called Dr. Martin in immediately to confirm that it wasn't supposed to be. ~~~~~~~~~For now, I'll be in here for the next few months - will keep you Yelpers updated!
4	My experiences there have been good. I've been there 3 times already. Follow up appointments for my psoriasis. The staff has always been very friendly, the doctor is nice and gives me free samples when I need a new skin ointment to make sure it works ok before I buy it. The paperwork is all on a tablet so you have to be there 15-20 minutes early.
