3	Par for the course as city centre convenience supermarkets go. Sure it's pretty expensive and boy have they crammed the stock into tightly spaced shelves, but there were about six people on the tills when I went this afternoon and the queue of about fifteen people only took a minute or two to go down.It's hardly the kind of place I;d go to do all my food shopping, but for those who need somewhere to grab a couple of essentials on their way either in or out of town, then there's not really much more to choose from.Just bear in mind that you'll pay for the pleasure of shopping there and if you can feasibly get to a bigger supermarket out of town then that's probably your best bet.
3	Just your average little Co-Op store. The best part I like about it is its situated right at the end of Princes st. I can run in for any emergency goods I may need. Its the closest little grocery store in the hustling and bustling part of that area of the city. Theres also a Sainsbury that opened across the street I am sure to try to run this place out of business, but I am a Co-Op fan. Basic little store, has most of the stuff you need, fresh produce, wine, laundry detergent ect ect. A little bit pricy but not horrible. The goods I buy are always good quality and the place is clean. Staff is always nice too. If your staying at any of the hotels in the area and need something I think this is the closest grocery store besides Sainsbury across the st, but like I said I prefer the Co-Op.
3	It used to be quite busy at lunch time before the Sainsbury's opened across the road in 2013. Now there's also a Morrison's local just a few meters after Co-op! Obviously now it's not that busy. Still you can get some good lunch deals, hot food section, fruits selection and salads, along with the usual stuff you can find in a small to medium Co-operative. Price-wise you need to keep an eye: I was expecting the  Gravendale milk to be more expensive at Co-op but it was more expensive at Sainsbury's! It's being kept quite clean. It's always a pleasure when one of the friendly chatty ladies process my groceries at the counter. No self-service counters, but the queues are very small. Longer business hours (06h00-23h00) are handy too!
