5	The Elegant Barn itself is gorgeous and the event team was excellent to work with during the planning process for the open house. This lovely venue is the perfect location for weddings and special events.  Our team looks forward to many more successful events at "The Elegant Barn!"
5	Our wedding date is fast approaching and I am so glad we chose The Elegant Barn as our venue. We looked and many other venues and they just didn't have what we were looking for. Stella and Dennis have always been approachable, upfront and great to work with. Any question I've asked I've gotten a quick answer. Any plan I have they have been willing to accommodate. I am looking forward to my big day here. It's gorgeous inside and out.
4	My friend and I recently came here for another friend's wedding.Let me start off by saying this place is absolutely beautiful.  You will totally drive right by it if you're not actively looking but that kind of adds to its charm.  There are technically two buildings, one that serves as a setup area (bridal suite if you're getting married, kitchen for food, etc. etc.) and the barn itself.  In-between is a courtyard type area where our friend had the ceremony.  Everything was wonderfully decorated and very rustic looking.  The barn housed the reception and we had a great time!  There was plenty of room to dance and the barn doors were a nice touch when it came to introducing both the bridal party and the newlyweds!The barn is pretty much open to however you want it to look.  Our friend was very DIY with the wedding process so it went well with the rustic feel of the barn.  There are also beautiful chandeliers that hang, as well as dimmer switches to change the ambiance.  The only issue I had is that the cleanup is on you.  Maybe there's another package available where they have a staff that takes care of it, but that didn't seem to be the case.  Once the event ends, you're given an end time to be cleaned up and out of there by.  The only staff I saw were parking attendants that helped with parking across the street, as well as helping bring the chairs from the ceremony outside to the reception inside.  This is truly a wonderful spot to celebrate a momentous occasion, especially if you're like me and prefer something "different" from the usual over the top wedding (think your typical NY wedding).
5	Absolutely beautiful !  Dennis & Stella & staff were awesome ; so many options/ decor to choose from at reasonable prices. This was our5th wedding , so we know a great venue whenwe see one! We had about 20 extra guests show up and the staff quickly set up anothertable! Such a charming and romantic setting;our guests kept telling us how beautiful it all was!I would reccomend the Elegant Barn! Great value and so lovely !
