4	The New York, New York does the "Food Court" idea finer than any hotel found on the strip. Rather than the usual McDonalds, Haggen Daaz, Sbarro pizza fare  -the hotel has created the Village Eateries, a set of dining experiences set into a " quaint city atmosphere" modeled after the Greenwich village area of New York City.Across the "street" from Gonzalez Y Gonzalez is one of the jewels of the experience - the Greenberg Deli. The deli provides an extensive menu of sandwiches which are served with a pickle wedge and chips or potato salad. The sandwiches are supurb. I have tried several, both hot and cold,  but the "New York Sky High" is a real treat. They pile on the roast beef, turkey, pastrami, cole slaw and the sandwich becomes a satisfying meal for the day. The more adventurous eater might want to try the "Italian Stallion." They have beer on draft to accompany the experience. My choice is to get the sandwich and take it out to one of the tables set along the street - sit, enjoy and "people watch." A true Las Vegas experience
1	absolutely terrible service. either a) they didnt know there was a line out the door or b) they did know but didnt careif you dont like your job..STOP WORKING THERE!
4	I agree with the people on here who like the NY NY food court.  Definitely one of the best on the strip, with a very cool theme.This place is a no frills, cafeteria style sandwhich shop, but the service is fairly quick and the food is good.  The sandwich I had was packed with meat and tasted much better than I expected.  My wife also thoroughly enjoyed the matzoh ball soup.
2	Not the best sandwich I've had. I got the beef brisket and it was rather blah. I've had better at my local neighborhood deli and only paid $5.The potato salad was okay but nothing extraordinary. And the pickle was just that - a pickle.
2	NYNY's food court is modelled after Greenwich Village and is a breath of fresh air on the strip after experiencing the over-the-top excesses found in The Venetian, Caesar's Palace and Bellagio. Right in the middle of the "Village Eateries" you can find Greenberg's Deli. We walked in and encountered no line on a Friday afternoon in February. The help behind the counter was friendly and helpful and the sandwiches didn't take very long to prepare.I couldn't resist the temptation to sample their foot long hot dog ($3.95) which came with potato salad. I also ordered a cup of Matzah ball soup ($3.50). My lovely wife opted for the Reuben sandwich (a whopping $9.50). A bottle of water ($2.50) and two draft Peronis ($5.25 apiece) rounded out the order. We sat "outside" on the sidewalk and dug in. The Reuben was monstrous with corned beef and sauerkraut spilling out beyond the edges of the insufficiently large slices of rye. I glanced down at the 12" of wiener and large warm balls on my plate and was momentarily jealous of this impressive package.Ref: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/I4Nr-MVc26qWr08-S3Q1ow?select=lqw28h3QHm0LbOMuhv7lMwI idly wondered how their "Italian Stallion" sandwich measured up. The jealousy didn't last for long. The Matzah ball soup lacked the "schmaltzy" flavor I was expecting and the dog was merely a very long but otherwise average dog. The Reuben was a bit better and possessed the girth the dog lacked. I did like their potato salad. The Peroni (served in an under-sized plastic cup) was cold and crisp and altogether unremarkable.Without considering the price tag, this was quite a pleasant (although completely forgettable) three-star experience. However, the bill came to $32.27 and with it came raised expectations. The NYNY website states that the average check comes to $8-9 per person. Obviously, this is a figure that doesn't include alcohol. Give me a break! What small minority of Vegas tourists aren't having a beer with their deli sandwich!
4	My girlfriend has been going to Vegas for years, and raves about this place, so I was pleased that we finally got to grab a bite here on a recent trip.  We ordered a couple sandwiches to go, and they looked damn good.  Prices seem high at first, but frankly, it is the Strip, and well, it's not like sandwiches are any cheaper in a real NYC deli.  We'd already had a couple nice dinners on our stay, and well, it was nice to have something that wasn't really pricey or greasy diner food.  And well, the sandwich was so good that I immediately walked her over to the Bellagio, and proposed in front of the fountains.Ok, I was going to propose anyway, and didn't eat the sandwich until later (they were for the plane), but it makes a good story.  The real story is that the sandwich was still pretty damn good after a few hours, although it would've been better fresh.  Was it as good as getting a sandwich at a real NYC deli?  No, but if you want the real thing, you pretty much are resigned to flying to New York or maybe some retirement communities in Florida.  Outside of that, the meat and toppings were quality.  Fresh bread would've been better, but they did at least ship in a good brand.The food court is fun too, and better than most of them for both food and ambience.  I'd say the one at Paris is up there on ambience, but frankly, the food options are a bit more limited.I'd totally go back.
2	I have been to many a deli my friend and this is not a very good deli. The kosher style corned beef they attempted was fatty, some of it was chewy and parts of it had been exposed to the air too long and gotten a bit hard. I also suggest more training on the deli equipment before someone is in need of stitches from the slicing wheel. The girl making my sandwich was having a hard time as a result of the previously mentioned hard portion and nearly pushed her finger into the wheel before deciding to shut it off while she fussed over the meat. I like to watch someone fussing over meat as much as the next guy but no one should lose a finger.The potato salad was very bland.Rather than leaving me with a fond memory of deli's I have been to in NYC, Boston, Cleveland, etc it left me wishing I had skipped it and wanting the real deal even more.
4	Hey when in vegas, act like you live in NY.  One of my buddies back home told me that I had to have a pastrami sandwich here.   I ordered the pastrami corned beef combo with Swiss to share with my girl along with a Peroni on tap.  What could I say, maybe it was the 6 hour plane ride, but the sandwich was excellent.  In this Disneyland version of New York, they still managed to serve food with good flavor, and the potato salad and crisp pickle were the perfect accompaniment to the ice cold bitter beer.  Don't let the critics fool you; this is one hell of a sandwich!
5	I knew it was completely fake, but I was still taken in by the Village Eateries.  Walking along the street and getting a hot, heaping pastrami sandwich at Greenberg's Deli was the highlight of my time at New York New York (other than winning a few bucks at blackjack).  While I can appreciate the high-falutin' fanciness of the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian, it still felt more "real" to walk down the streets of New York New York (although the screaming people plunging down a roller-coaster hole in the "sky" was a bit startling).  Greenberg's has the feel of a New York deli, with the brusque sandwich-makers and the impatient register-lady.  It makes me nostalgic for the deliberate, saucy rudeness of Ed Debevic's (LA).  To use quotations just one more time, Greenberg's was as "New York" as could be.
4	located inside new york new york, you can actually get a decent meal for under $10 per person!  wow!  hahai had a toasted turkey and it was pretty good.  the chicken noodle soup is also good.  they keep the noodles separate and put them in when you order.
5	Great pastrami sandwich for around 8 dollars and it comes with potato salad and a kosher pickle.
5	A good deal in Vegas?  What?Yes, Greenberg's is a great value in a city that is really just a vacuum for dollars.  Made to look like a traditional NYC-style deli, Greenberg's does not disappoint with its selection of traditional offering, served in generous portions, and most for only about $9.I got a hot corned beef on rye with spice brown mustard, two pickles, and potato salad.  I'm usually content paying $12-16 for that since that is what it usually costs.  But here my total (incl tax) was $8.59.  The sandwich was delicious, very satisfying.  Definitely worth stopping by for a good, cheap lunch.
5	As always a great sandwich. I got the ny skyhigh and mmmmm. The meats are fresh and stacked! Get the patato salad it's amazing. This place is great for lunch or a quick bite.
4	MMMMmmm sandwiches!! Freshly made right in front of you, perfectly sliced meats, cheeses, and fantastic bread... drool!This is about as close to a NYC deli as you can get without being in NYC. It has that soup nazi stlye method, order your food and move down the line. They almost every kind of sandwich you can think of, cold or hot. Sandwich, chips, and a pickle for under $10 which is unlike most of Vegas.This is worth checking out!!
5	Ok, so in Vegas, you're always overpaying for food and ambiance. And frankly, I don't really care how well this does or does not compare to actual NYC delis. All that matters is the quality of food and service, and if you are getting the best bang for your buck, especially since your bucks don't go too far in Sin City. We were staying at NYNY, and we wanted something filling, non-greasy, and quick. We were in the village, and found this spot, ordered the Italian Stallion and brought it up to our room. From the first bite, we were hooked. We ate it without saying a word to each other since it was so yummy. The meat was piled on, soft and so delicious. The bread is what made the sandwich so easy to eat. We didn't have to overstretch our mouths to get a bite. The textures were so perfect together. Bread so soft, meat so tender, we didn't even need a drink to wash it down. But hey in Vegas, the cocktails are in abundance anyway. Needless to say, we got sandwiches every day for the remainder of our trip.. I don't remember all the names but I know for sure we got the Big Vinnie and NY Skyhigh also, and we were not disappointed. The workers are a bit grouchy, but I would be too if I had a bunch of drunk shirtless bachelors telling me "I'll have whatever you wanna give me." You wait in line, grab a tray, order and pay.. So service is minimal, but hey, saves you some tip money for later anyway. We vowed to return on everyday of our next trip... And we always catch ourselves back in SJ saying "you know what sounds good right now?.... A sandwich from NYNY." Damn, can't wait for October.
2	Beware-- vegetarians you are subject to a crappy salad or an ok cheese sandwich (only veggies they have are lettuce and tomatoes). The potato salad and coleslaw also leave something to be desired. My meat eating counter parts advised that the soup was the only thing that they would go back for. Save your money and go elsewhere.
5	If you want a authentic Jewish deli in Vegas this is the place!  They have large sandwiches and great Matzo Ball soup (Just like Nana's).  They even carry Dr. Browns Root Beer which I would recommend with any meal at Greenbergs.  The staff is nice and it is very clean.
4	Come here for the reuben, or don't come at all. It's delicious and the best bang for your buck on the strip. I always stop by on my annual trip to Vegas and Greenberg's hasn't disappointed yet! :)
5	Really good Jewish deli.  Really soft rye and pumpernickel breads.  Spicy mustard.  Good meat for the turkey sandwich.  Excellent pickle.  Nice potato salad.  They even serve Wise potato chips and Egg Creams!  Given it is the New York New York casino, it was not ridiculously expensive.  It was really crowded though.The foot long dogs really are a foot long.  The reubens also looked good.  The cole slaw was only so-so though.
4	Recently visited Greenberg's on the recommendation of one of our friends.  We were not disappointed.  Each of the four of us were very pleased with our meals, and we seriously considered coming back for additional meals later in the trip.  I got a sandwich that had brisket, turkey, pastrami topped with muenster cheese on rye that was very good.  Another person in our group got the same thing and agreed.  I think the sandwich was around $9, which was a good value.An added bonus was that we sat outside the restaurant and were able to watch the NCAA games that were going on from the tv's at whatever bar is across the way.
4	This is a place you come for the food and maybe the people watching.  Don't expect ambience.  Ordered Vinnie's Deluxe on Rye with pickle and chips.  Vinnie's Deluxe includes beef brisket, pastrami, turkey, munster and mustard.  Brisket was tender but I couldn't taste it well over the pastrami's stronger flavor.  Mayo was also wasted since you couldn't taste it.  Sandwich was filling and tasty.  Pickle was crisp and mildly spicy.  Service was very good...fast, friendly.  Overall a good value and good spot for lunch, snack or late night grub stop.  Would have like to be able to have a pickle and the potato salad (seems stupid to make us choose, just offer it for extra).  Vinnie's deluxe $8.95 and Coors Light 16oz $4.50.
4	Food is fresh and the value is very good for Vegas. I grab a sandwich here everytime I'm in Vegas.
5	Came here for dinner on a whim of a friend we were traveling with...he had heard that they have an amazing Reuben. My husband and I were a little less than enthused, not really in the mood for a sandwich with the hunger we had built up. Wow...all I have to say is...WOW. The Reuben was truly the best sandwich I've ever had. It was amazing. The pastrami was flavorful and tender. We also got the Vinnie's delux, which was great as well. One of our friends had the chicken noodle soup, which she touted as "wonderful"! We enjoyed it so much, we went back the following day for lunch. We will definitely go back again.
3	I ordered the "Italian Stallion"...salami, pepperoni, and ham combination was too salty for me. I liked my friend's sandwich better, it had roast beef. Cream of brocoli - soup of the day was pretty good with their super thin crunchy bagels to dip with. Even though I didn't entirely like my sandwich, I thought this place was  a quality sandwich shop for the food court.
5	Mmmm. Phenomenal pickles. Just be prepared to order when you step us as there are many hungry slot players behind you, as I recently witnessed as the woman from Midwest stepped up and asked what salami was, that rye bread was...you get the picture.
4	Yummy sandwiches but the toasted sammies take FOREVER.  Try the potato salad, it was great!
4	It's a nice little deli in the NY NY food court, and surprisingly it wasn't outrageously overpriced like the rest of options. We had the rueben which turned out to be wonder. And we also ordered the grill mesquite chicken, which had very few slices of chicken, but ample amount of ham and bacon. How can something not taste awesome with bacon? Yum. The two large sandwiches together after tax was about $20 and we couldn't finish it all. Sidenote: their cole slaw was one of the better ones I've ever had!
4	Unless you are prepared to spend $30-$40 a person on food in vegas, like at Outback steakhouse, horrible casino cafes, buffets, or even more on fancy restaurants, like Craft, or Spago, then Greenberg Deli really isnt too bad. In fact, i've come to Vegas more than a couple dozen times, have eaten at many places and this deli tops the list for affordable (under $10 a person) spot to grab lunch/ dinner. Service is pretty quick, no fuss, you seat yourself. This spot is located among many other small food courts joints, all in rows mimicking the feel of a busy area in New York. Had the Sam and Emmas, which was ham, pastrami, roast beef, with lettuce, onions, and thousand island. For $8.95, it comes with either potato salad or chips. i got the chips, which is a 0.5 ounce bag... with about 5 pieces of chips inside. Next time, im getting the potato salad.. better deal. Drink is another $2.25. The meat quality is good. Pastrami is well brined and well flavored. Tender and with depth to its flavor. I was happy. The boy had some chicken and ham sandwich, with bacon, and lettuce and some sauce. it was also yummy, though i prefer pastrami and roast beef over chicken breast any day.
4	I love that NY NY's food court isn't set up like a typical food court. I usually get the pizza or the sausage from other restaurants but on this trip I decided to go into Greenberg's Deli. Second sandwich of the day but hey, it was totally worth it. The meats for the hot sandwiches were freshly sliced. The wheat bread was good and I'm glad we got potato salad instead of the chips. It's a hearty meal that you can definitely share with a friend. I'll be back!
3	I had the brisket & pastrami. most ny type deli's will cost you as you know deli's are never Cheap but this one offers a big sandwich that taste great and will not send you to the penny slots after you pay the bill. The soup was good I will be back
4	best meat to bread ratio i've experienced.    WTF did i order? i was drunk.  it had brisket, turkey & i believe roast beef.  sooo much meat. i'm not a sandwich expert & have never been to real NYC.  less than $10 including my side of choice-- tasty potato salad .   other choices include bag of chips & i think something else like cole slaw.  they have great machines thin-slicing huge pieces of meat, right before yer eyes.  it takes at least 2min for them to make sandwich.  i tried to go back the next day at 12:30pm, but the line was 12 deep, so i plan B'ed it with some mediocre pizza next door.  next time i'll avoid lunch/dinner hours. great value;  it will satisfy even the biggest fat-ass for $10
4	Went here late one night when I couldn't decided what I wanted to eat. The sandwich was extremely yummy (ordered the rueban) and it was a huge portion. I highly recommend this place for someone that doesn't want to spend an arm and a leg on restaurants in Vegas but doesn't want to lose quality ingredients.
5	I don't live too far from NYC and so I can pretty easily get to some of the best delis and pizza places in the country.  Therefore, when I went to Las Vegas and stayed at New York, New York, I was really hesitant to eat at any place that claimed it was "New York style"(hot dogs, pizza, deli, whatever). My husband and I were looking for a fast and relatively inexpensive place to have lunch one day though, and so we gave Greenberg's a shot.  I had a turkey and cheddar on rye while my husband tried the hot pastrami on rye.  We were both really excited to see that, like lots of delis in NYC, they had Dr. Browns cream soda.  Well, at least we knew we'd enjoy our drinks if nothing else.  I was even willing to put down my giant frozen drink for one of them.  The service was fast, maybe because we avoided the lunch rush.  Seating is outside of the deli in the Village Eateries area.  Be careful where you sit or you'll end up right under where the roller coaster pulls in and your meal will be interrupted by the sounds of cars racing and people shrieking.  Other than that, it's a cute area and a great place to people watch.The prices are very reasonable, especially considering how stuffed their sandwiches are.  They do not skimp on the meat here.  My sandwich tasted fresh and as good as anything I've had anywhere else.  My husband, who is a huge pastrami snob, loved his sandwich and wanted to go back pretty much every day for the rest of the trip. He also said it was pretty comparable to the pastrami he gets in NYC, which is the highest compliment he'll give.  Sure, NYC is always going to have some of the best deli food around, but if you're in Las Vegas this is a great substitute and a great way to eat quickly and inexpensively.
2	Finally got to Greenberg's for their Pastrami Sandwich.  As I watched the little lady do the slicing, I was thinking, man, she is piling it on. My mouth was watering with anticipation. When she placed it on the counter, that pastrami was bulging all outside that rye bread like a fat lady in tight spandex.  Man I was ready! Then I bit into it.  Where was that  Pastrami flavor? I salted. I mustard it up, to no avail. Where was that peppery taste?There was also a fatty taste that lingered all up in my mouth. I checked the meat and there was the normal amount of fat to it. I couldn't figured it out. What happened to all the hype about this deli? Maybe it was a just a funky slab that day. I will give it another try, because you can't beat that meat pile up  for Ten Bucks.
5	OMG!  Greenberg's serves up some of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever had.  If you're in Las Vegas and you love a mountain of New York style hot, freshly shaved, thin sliced meat on fresh bread of your choice you owe yourself a visit to Greenberg's Deli on the casino level of the New York, New York Hotel and Casino.My friends are thoughtful.  On the day prior to running the half marathon I had a fairly late pasta lunch and decided to skip dinner in preparation for the morning's race.  My race morning ritual is pretty simple.  One hour before the race I eat a banana or a bagel and I drink a pint of Cytomax to prepare my body for the onslaught ahead.  Cytomax is a fluid replacement liquid that has added vitamins to fuel the body and prolong cramping.Both of my friends were running in their first half marathon, and neither had any set routine for nutrition on the day prior to the race nor on race morning.  They visited Greenberg's on the night prior to the race, and in thinking I was starving in my hotel room they brought back for me a huge deli sandwich with a side of potato salad and a pickle with a bottle of Gatorade.  The time was 10 PM and the race was just 9 hours away.  With no refrigeration in the hotel room, and two overstuffed roommates I was left with no choice but to eat the darn sandwich and the sides.Knowing my love for meat they brought back a Twin Bill consisting of a mountain of hot pastrami and corned beef with just a slight smear of mustard on wheat bread (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/I4Nr-MVc26qWr08-S3Q1ow?select=u6ig5pKlEqhgsmAvUNWrkA).  I swear the take out box weighed in at more than a pound with the thick pile of meat taking up most of that weight.  The sandwich was incredible.  The meats were nicely marbled, flavorful and moist and this was easily one of the best deli sandwiches I've had outside of New York City.  It was even better than Miller's East West Deli in San Francisco, and I love Miller's.  The big crunchy pickle was outstanding as well with just the right amount of sour to it.  The potato salad was basically big chunks of unpeeled potatoes, lots of mayo and just a touch of dill.  It took me nearly an hour to finish the sandwich, and I knew I was in trouble for the next morning.Sure enough, the big sandwich came back to haunt me at mile 10 during the half marathon the next morning.  Luckily I run for fun, and I didn't really care that I finished 12 minutes later thanks to 2 pit stops I was forced to make.I was so satisfied with the sandwich that I made my own visit to the deli the next night to order another.  This time I had the New York Skyhigh (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/I4Nr-MVc26qWr08-S3Q1ow?select=QtjcS6CWBgSaD01Zry3urg) which is corned beef, pastrami, turkey, cole slaw and thousand island dressing on bread of choice.  I even tried their authentic chocolate New York egg cream which is simply milk, Hershey's chocolate syrup and carbonated water hand mixed and machine whirled to create a thick layer of froth on top.  Here it was without the froth (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/I4Nr-MVc26qWr08-S3Q1ow?select=ekkd6tNYWjCU9Z-oXH3_4Q) as I had already sucked it up.  I loved this sandwich just as much as the Twin Bill and the drink?  Well, that was like drinking chocolate milk with fizz!Greenberg's is very reasonably priced too as their sandwiches are mostly under $10 including the sides!
4	I want to let you all know up front I don't know what a true NY deli is supposed to be like. I do know that the pastrami and corned beef sandwiches are what I would expect them to taste like in the Big Apple. If they get better than this then I'll be very happy when I do finally get to one. Found this place one day by accident in the New York New York Hotel and Casino when the place first opened. It is always on my list of places to hit when in Vegas and I need a fill up. Great selection of sandwiches. I never had a chocolate egg-cream before this place either. Not sure why this never caught on in the West. Milk, chocolate syrup, seltzer water all mixed vigorously together. A sparkling chocolate milk if you will. Hidden away, but well worth the find.
5	Amazing!! Best sandwich I've ever had. Tried both the Ruben and the Skyhigh - GREAT!! I liked it toasted. Great price too.
4	Rueben and turkey club sandwiches were excellent!  Should have ordered one and split it with wife.  Potato salad was tasty but too much mayo.
4	Very good sandwiches - a big noisy from the roller coaster above
3	The System: 1 Star: Almost impossible to get, but this is really bad. Maybe if I see roaches or something in the food. 2 Stars: The food did not make me sick, but I'll question myself or whoever for suggesting this place. 3 Stars: The food was good but it didn't make me go "damn I want to go here again."4 Stars: Makes me go "damn I want to go here again."5 Stars: Reserved for only one of the "best I've ever had." Like a Father's Office Burger. So in this case, I ordered a Corned Beef Reuben which comes with potato salad and pickle on the side. I would suggest passing on the potato salad and grabbing potato chips. The potato salad was flat and one noted.As for the sandwich, the corned beef was good but the sauerkraut lacked punch and the thousand island they used tasted kind of funky. I did enjoy the rye bread though.
5	- 1 star for the marbled rye bread, soft and delicious- 1 star for the vanilla egg cream soda, just like grandma liked- 1 star for a really good dill pickle- 1 star for sitting outside with the fun fake NY city streets and people watching- 1 millions stars for the NY Sky High sandwich: fresh sliced pastrami, corned beef, and turkey with coleslaw and thousand-island on rye OMG YUM
5	Closest thing to New York style sandwiches I have found anywhere near Las Vegas. I had a corn beef/brisket sandwich on marble rye and it was melt in your mouth amazing. If you are in Vegas and want an awesome sandwhich - eat here!!
4	Not bad at all!! Just tried it for the first time if they have authentic NY deli... Corned Beef Reuben was freakingly good!
5	Some of the best sandwiches I have ever had!! After working on the City Center project, I became addicted to this place and crave it now. Their turkey on marble rye is amazing. Potato salad with a sprinkle of pepper on it and their pickle on the side completes the meal. I'm not a pastrami fan, but coworkers said it was to die for. I liked that they sliced their meat to order too.
5	All the reviews I read about this place are correct.  If you like a good sandwich this is the place to go.  I'm a big fan of corned beef and pastrami, so naturally I'm always keeping for an eye out that can make a good sandwich of those meats.I read several reviews about getting a corned beef and pastrami sandwich and just knew I had to come here.  The meat was delicious and they piled it on.  It's good to see them slice the meat when you order it rather than other restaurants that preslice and just assemble the sandwich when you order.The only downside for me (and this is very minor) is the side that is included wit the sandwich.  I ordered the chips with my sandwich and received a bag with approximately 7 chips in there (there might have been more if you count the crumbs, but I'm pretty sure it started with 7).
1	New York has a special place in my heart and I think this little deli in the NYNY hotel is super cute.However, I may have ordered all the wrong items.  I ordered a fruit salad and a smoked salmon platter.  The fruit salad had to be exchanged for another one because the strawberry was a little rotten.  That should have been my first sign.  The smoked salmon platter came with 6 or 7 pieces of smoked salmon sitting on top of shredded lettuce and 5 slices of tomatoes on the side.  There was water between the smoked salmon and the lettuce, plus the fact that it looked like it was sitting in the container for a long time.  I thought at the time, oh it's OK, the water is just from the lettuce.   I ate everything and had really bad food poisoning.  Luckily it was the 2nd last day of the trip so I had my fun already.  I spent 1 whole day in bedOn a side note, I tried the chicken noodle soup that my friend ordered and wished I had ordered that instead.  The soup was full of vegetables, noodles and chicken.  It wasn't too salty and tasted home made.In the end, I won't be able to eat here again.
5	This place has some of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The new york skyhigh and the sam and emmas were soooooo amazing. Great prices and the best food we had the whole vegas trip
4	We ordered the Beef and Cheddar as well as the New York Skyhigh. Besides the fact that like all things on the strip, the place is overpriced, I was pleased with what we got.The Skyhigh flavor was wonderful. The meats were juicy and tender. Not overly salty like a lot of corned beef/pastrami sandwiches are.The Beef and Cheddar bread was REALLY good. Very soft and fluffy. The beef was not as flavorful as the meats in the Skyhigh.While both sandwiches were good, I preferred the Skyhigh. The portions are huge and they come with a nice side of potato salad which is also pretty good.
3	I know traditionally these delis pile their meat high... but they really piled the meat on this one. I had a tower of beef, the bread and condiments were purely decorative. There is a drink, "egg--" something.. I kept calling it the eggwash, but apparently that's not what it is. It basically tastes like the Betty Crocker frosting melted down, liquified and turned into a drink. I'd skip that one if I were you.Sit "outside" and enjoy the music coming from the piano bar!
5	THE BEST hot pastrami sandwich! Back home in Hawaii there are no good pastrami sandwiches. I've never been to New York so I can't say if it's authentic. All I can say is it's d@&m good! Whenever we come to Vegas this is a must have for us. Good price too, only $8.95 w/ potato salad or chips. Get the potato salad.Even after we checked out of our room we had to stop by again! Twice on this trip. Well worth it and the chicken noodle soup is good too!Highly recommended!!
3	I'm finding that all of Vegas is expensive. Greenbergs was no exception. I think we were lucky that we got to go to Greenberg's at an off time so there wasn't a long line. We split a hot pastrami sandwich. Pastrami really needs to be just right for me to like it. And I did like it, not as good as the real delis in New York but it was decent. I mean it was no Subway. The service in the deli was extremely attentive and they made everything fantastically. The pastrami was just a little moist and had you add your own condiments.Their pickles were crunchy and yummy (I had bad Carnegie Deli pickles the day before) and the sandwiches come with a bag of Lays original chips. But we bought a bag of Wise chips just because we could. And I had a root beer in a bottle as it should be. Everything was delicious don't get me wrong, there was nothing outstandingly wrong about this place but the hype.I think that this place got a little over hyped for me because once I read about it I was extremely excited, but once I actually got there and ate it just didn't live up to my expectations of a New York Deli. It just has a lot to live up to.
3	Not gonna lie, was sooo excited to possibly find a closer replacement for Katz's Deli but alas, I was left disappointed. I'll start with the good...I liked eating outside the deli in the fake Greenwich Village. Major props to the designer. So the BF ordered the pastrami reuben and when I took a bite, I immediately regretted not getting that instead. The gooey swiss cheese, sauerkraut, and pastrami was pure goodness sandwiched between two pieces of toasty marble rye bread. Why, why, why did I order a regular pastrami sandwich?! Without the swiss cheese and sauerkraut, the sandwich was pretty dry (even with mustard) and not nearly as big as it looks in pictures. Next time, I'm going for the reuben or beef and cheddar melt!
5	The pastrami and the potato salad are really, really good. A great place to go when you are starving, I need a nap after one of their sandwiches. I recommend the Sam and Emma's sandwich toasted on a cheddar bun. I wish I had one right now ...
4	Almost any time we go to Vegas we stop here for a sandwich. The first time we went I asked for a taste of the pastrami (always my #1 choice at any NY deli), the corned beef and the brisket. All were moist, good and very flavorful. I ordered 1 of each for the 4 of us to share. I was impressed with the size (meat was piled high) and the quality of the rye bread. Sandwiches are really good! Below someone said that it is not as good as the NY Katz's deli. Katz has been on the lower east side for over 100 years and is known in NYC as one of the best. I am a New Yorker and have been going there for over 50 years (been to the Carnegie, the Stage as well as probably almost every neighborhood deli n Manhattan). To compare the elite of NYC to a deli elsewhere I think is somewhat rediculous!Get real!!!
5	Surprisingly, this place makes the best pastrami sandwich in Vegas.  I say surprisingly, because it's in a strip hotel, and I just wouldn't expect the best pastrami sandwich to be in the middle of a food court in a strip hotel.  You won't be disappointed and it's reasonably priced.
4	Best hot pastrami sandwich I've ever had.
4	Had a hankering for pastrami and went here for one. Had the sandwich with pastrami, corned beef, and turkey with cole slaw. Full of meat and satified my growling sandwich but it wasn't anything special. All the Sandwiches were all about $10 each and comes with a bag of lays potato chips. Draft beers are $5.
4	Pastrami, roast beef and turkey oh my! Not sure if a pastrami sandwich was the best meal for a hangover but it was worth it! Cold sandwich, kind of wish the bread was toasted but was still delicious! Best pastrami sandwich EVER!
5	Maybe I'm not the best person to write a review for this place, but if you know NYC, you know it is famous for its bagels.  I had a bagel with cream cheese - delicious.I tried my boyfriend's corned beef and pastrami sandwich, and instantly I was transferred to a deli in the heart of NYC.Good place for those looking to go to a good NYC deli (minus the NYC atmosphere).
5	My husband and I were getting kind of tired of big heavy meals so we decided sandwiches would be a nice break. I am a very light eater so we decided to share a sandwich, bowl of soup and potato salad. We got the New York Mile High on marble rye with potato salad and chicken noodle soup. When I first took a bite of the soup I told my husband it was probably the best non-homemade chicken noodle soup I've ever had. That alone would have made me happy. But then I took a bite of the sandwich. OMG! It was heaven! The corned beef is perfectly seasoned and the combination with the coleslaw is perfect! We both decided that this was the best sandwich we'd ever had! They're huge so sharing is no problem. The potato salad was great too. These guys definitely know what they're doing! My biggest complaint now is that I'm back home, 2000 miles away from Vegas, and I'm already craving the mile high!!
4	My boyfriend and I were craving sandwiches and found Greenburg's, inside New York New York, thanks to Yelp. We had the turkey club - the sandwich was pretty big and delicious! They have a pretty extensive list of sandwiches, and a lot of bread options. I loved how they had small tables "outside" the deli so you could sit and watch the passer-byers. Like most things in Vegas, I felt that it was slightly overpriced, but not ridiculous. I would definitely recommend getting a sandwich at Greenburg's when in Vegas!
4	The Good:-Chicken Noodle Soup (they keep the egg noodles and soup separate to prevent mooshy noodles, WOOHOO!)-Matzoh Ball Soup (same chicken soup but with a fluffy matzoh ball, could be hotter, but it's tasty)-Beef & Cheddar Melt (they loaded it up with meat and cheese on both buns and toast them, and then you tell them what veggies you'd like, I say EVERYTHING)-Turkey Toaster with added Bacon (much better than their Club)-Smoked Ham & Colby Jack Cheese (it's a bit salty, but the green chilies make this sandwich good, get this with potato salad to cut the salt factor)-Classic Turkey Club (your average club, it's hefty and filling)-Sam & Emma's (even more hefty and filling, lots of meat, mmmmm meat...)-New York Sky High (similar to Sam & Emma's, meaty, ask for cole slaw on the side so your sandwich doesn't get soggy)The Bad:Well there really isn't anything bad, they sometimes run out of a certain type of meat though.  (hence the 4 stars, but it really should be 4.5)Also, I recommend getting the potato salad versus chips because they give you the single serve Lay's Potato Chip bags and that's just full of more salt, just saying.  So, happy eatings everyone!!
4	A bit pricy but delicious sandwiches!
5	I am a local who loves to stop by this place about once a month. The sandwiches are soooo tasty! Greenberg's Deli is located inside the New York New York Hotel & Casino.I like the "Sam and Emma" it is simply delicious! They actually carve the roast beef, pastrami, corned beef etc. right in front of you. This last visit I noticed a woman in line ahead of me had a tasty looking matzo ball soup. I haven't ever had that kind of soup so after seeing it I figure that will be on the next visit. I do recommend you bring your own drink if you can. We usually just stop at a gas station and get fountain drinks as it is cheaper then buying them at the deli. Just make sure they see your drink when you go in if it is in a fountain cup that has pepsi on the side of it because they have those too and you don't want them trying to charge you for it. Since they don't have seating inside, but do have seating right outside it is very convenient to park in the garage of New York New York and walk over to Greenberg's and either get your sandwich to-go or simply eat at the outside tables. These tables are for anybody eating within the "Quick Eats" area not just customers of the deli. For our 2 sandwiches it is about $20 with out sodas and well worth it!!!Currently they are open 7 days a week from 7am-3am.
3	This place is in the food court of New York New York Hotel. Nice little street with bunch of food places around it. Not too many options on the menu, but it was food, so not complaining!Got the Mesquite Grilled Chicken, came with Shaved ham, lettuce, tomato, red onion and smoky bacon ranch. The sandwich was really tasty. Good amount of everything on the sandwich. Get the food walk outside there is a nice little outdoor area you can sit at and enjoy your food. Perfect for lunch. And if your with a big group everyone can get different things from around and meet there to eat. This place is A-OK =]
3	Just landed, arrived at the hotel famished this was our first meal on the trip. After walking around I wasn't in the mood to sit and be waited on in a restaurant, I didn't want greasy old flat pizza nor a hot dog located next door. After reading the menu on the wall this place sounded like it would do. I ordered the turkey toasted on wheat slice bread with cheese and all the standard samage produce, w/o mayo. The order taker told the sandwich maker the order. I watched as he was assembling the sandwich and saw him put a huge heeping blob of mayo on the bread. I went back and told the order taker that I asked for no mayo. He turned around and told the guy making the sandwich. The guy making the sandwich got a little of an attitude with the order taker, threw the sandwich away and started a new one. I feel bad to see food wasted. After a few minutes the sandwich went through the toaster and was dressed with the produce, wrapped up and given to me. I took our sandwiches and drinks to the other counter to pay. Price was close to $27. For two sandwiches and two teas. $9.25 each sandwich and $2.95 per each bottle of tea. Way over price for a small sandwich with no side. Sorry no pics on this one I was so hungry I forgot to pull the camera out before devouring it. In the end it was good and hit the spot but over priced.
3	The food is really good, but the set-up of the restaurant is very confusing and awkward. People were taking AND touching other peoples food on the counter (it's a walk-up place you order and wait till they call your food-no names are taken or asked for), people stand in each others way making it hard to even get to the food you ordered and to even order your food in the first place. The set-up made me so frustrated I kind of lost my appetite....I did however get the pastrami. The prices have also gone up about $.50 from those shown in the pictures. PRICY for not a lot of food!
5	Best easy lunch in New York New York.
4	Enjoy this place! Located in the New York New York hotel & casino, it's pretty easy to find. Small spot with little traffic. I always get the Vinnie and I recommend you either bring an appetite or share your plate with someone. Portions are no bullshit. Great extras! The sandwiches are on the pricey side, around $9-13 each however the amount you get is worth it.
4	For some reason, I was craving a deli sandwich on our most recent trip to Vegas (almost sounds like a that's what she said). Greenberg's is cafeteria style in NYNY Casino. A very cool little food court with lots of options (it looks like the streets of NY). You can get pizza, or hit a Sports Bar. It's all there.The pastrami sandwich I got was average. If you need a quick on the go lunch on the south end of the Strip, stop by NYNY and check out what they have done. It's one of my favourite lunch stops in Vegas (the food court).
5	It is what it is. I had a Reuben Sandwich ( pastrami, sauerkraut, on marble rye bread), large pickle on the side with beer. Took it back to my room in The New York New York Casino and had many people say "mmmmm that looks good". It was as good as it looked. I can't wait to order it again. I ordered this on the recommendation of the people who worked behind the counter....good decision.
5	One if my favorite places to eat in Vegas. I always have to eat here when I come.Great sandwhiches, must check it out. The itlian stalion was amazing.
3	The cool thing about this place is that they make their own specialty meats.I tried the Reuben and the Beef and Cheddar Melt. The Reuben was my favorite. They shave the meat right in front of you and it tastes better than any regular sandwich. The Beef and Cheddar Melt was good too. The part I liked on this one was the bread. It is a soft bread with garlic and tomatoes in it.The sandwiches are expensive but they will fill you up. I could only eat half of mine, and I saved the rest for later.
4	I love this place!! Every time I go to Vegas I have to get stop here for lunch. They have the best hot pastrami sandwich! Highly recommended!!
1	DO NOT EAT HERE. This place is located inside New York New York Casino in Las Vegas next to Gallaghers Steakhouse. Worst sandwiches i have ever had, poor excuse for a vegas sandwich shop... how you guys are in business is a mystery. I ordered a simple toasted beef brisket sandwich, it comes out 20minutes later on untoasted plain and slightly stale sourdough bread, the beef is so dry it DEMANDS au jus, the sandwich comes with nothing else on it for 9.95$. I ask for au jus..."o we dont have it sorry, use mayonnaise". "First off i don't like mayonnaise, second i see the beef in a smoker right there what do you guys do with the juice, throw it away??" "Yes we do". "So i tell them look i have never heard of a sandwich shop selling beef brisket without au jus (the freaking sandwich comes with liquid dumbass) this is to dry to eat i would like to order something else". So the lady tells me i will need to stand in line again (easily 45 minute line) if i wanted another sandwich. I march up there and demand my money back now only to realize i am not the only one taking my sandwich back. On top of that they have an expediter that does not speak english, so picture somebody handing out meals and when you verify your order they just look at you with that blank stare "no hablo ingles".... why put them as expediter!! IDIOTS HERE. As we walk out we see the manager and ask him about not having au jus and that your sandwich is dry as a desert, his reply is simply .."well this is a deli"
5	Savior! I traveled to Vegas to party!! But instead I got sick. The first night there, we couldn't even go anywhere. It was stormy and raining and so cold. I got an emergency flash flood warning on my phone.In an attempt to feel better, we went on the hunt for some chicken noodle soup for our soul. Thanks to my handy dandy Yelp app, this was the ONLY place I could find that had chicken noodle soup (or any soup for that matter) and it was within walking distance (it was right across the street from our hotel).Thank you Greenberg's Deli for serving PIPING HOT CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP!! It was so good that it burned my tongue. And it was only $4.00 so I bought two, although I probably would've paid $100 since I was sick and desperate for soup!! Needless to say, it made us better and the next morning, we were up and walking around!!!Thank you Greenberg's deli, will definitely be back for your delicious HOT cheap soup, even when I'm not sick!!!
4	I can't personally review this deli, so I have my family here to assist me. My family demanded that I review the deli and RAVE about it because they loved eating here...several times! If I could imagine being back in NYC and eating at a NY deli, this would be the closest to that NYC deliciousness out west. My aunt had the beef and cheddar melt on focaccia. The bread smelled amazing and looked like it could actually control the piles of beef and perfect amount of cheddar in this sandwich. The bread almost succeeded, but it was so delicious that almost was good enough. The beef (I got a sample from the deli man)was okay , but only because my family made them make it less rare (NNNOOOOOO!). I bet you it is amazing without the extra cooking. I tried the pastrami and my world was rocked. It was equally as great as Carnegie Deli's pastrami at the Mirage, and the size of this sandwich was larger than my head! At first my family was going to eat only a half. Oops. The entire sandwich was gone in moments.The best part of this meal according to my aunt? The chicken noodle soup. I see all the reviews mention this soup. Since I cannot have it, I don't know exactly what it tastes like, but my aunt said it was gorgeous, and that is a fantastic compliment. She said that it is the best chicken noodle soup she had ever had (which is blasphemy coming from her household), and she said it reminds her of the chicken noodle soup she always wanted when she was sick because one minute after eating it you start to feel better immediately. The soup tasted like home and warmed her up for our cold walk up and down the strip. She did not stop talking about said soup for over a few hours, and she still mentions this soup a week or two after she left. So if you don't feel well or have a wicked headache or just feel like a NY deli comfort food moment? Come to Greenberg's - you'll find my family and I there ready and waiting.
1	Had one thing on the menu, the homemade matzoh ball soup. Complete disaster. Dense, foul tasting matzoh ball. Mediocre broth. No chicken, or vegetables, or kreplach. I'm an east coast jew. I don't expect home made, but Jerry's Deli in L.A. blows that garbage away. Disaster.
3	Stayed at NYNY for CES. It's an older hotel and I didn't expect much in terms of the food offering. Each day, after the trade show, I was too exhausted to venture out for dinner so, I ended up at Greenberg & Sons, twice. The first time, I tried the warm pastrami sandwich. Uber fatty and uber delicious. The second time, I tried the humongous turkey BLT which was surprisingly light but still a huge sandwich. Both sandwiches were under $10 each. Hit the spot after a long day. Simple food, no line, no fuss.
5	The chicken soup was perfect. Bite size cubed carrots, chicken, translucent onions, and twirly pasta noodles that were not mushy all floating in a savory broth.  Just what the doctor ordered after partying the night before.  The pastrami was very tasty served on marbled rye....now I don't need to go to NY for awhile.  Greenberg's Deli is still putting a smile on my face.
4	In a city filled with overpriced eateries, this place is...slightly less overpriced. I mean, come on, you're on the strip. But if you don't feel like paying $45 for a dinner, you can swing by here and get an $9 sandwich that will fill you up nicely. I had two sandwiches in two visits - (1) Pastrami on marble rye good. Quantity good, taste good, and (2) Sam & Emma's was tasty but I recommend getting it toasted, as that seemed like it would have brought out even more flavor. Make sure you factor in some time though. Both of my visits, at different times of the day, resulted in slow lines. They seem to be understaffed a bit at the counter.
3	I had lunch for the first time at this location.  It was located in the New York New York Hotel Casino in Las Vegas.  I've never had an authentic NY deli sandwich, so I have nothing to compare it to.I ordered at the counter, slid my tray down, picked up the sandwich, ordered drinks, picked up condiments, and paid at the cash register.  They do not offer complimentary tap water.  I wasn't about to pay $2-3 for a bottle of water.I shared a Sam & Emma sandwich.  I ordered it on sour dough bread and they made it on white.  The sandwich had a stack of turkey, corned beef and pastrami with thousand island dressing served with a pickle for almost $10.  A bag of chips was extra.I don't know if I would be back.
3	The service was five stars!The food was one star. Average here, let's give them the benefit of the doubt and go with three stars.  The food was pretty limited and you can tell it is just another hotel run restaurant with a theme of being a NY deli, but brother, this place is about as NY as the Casino.  Look, not bashing here, but seriously, just a mediocre deli in a casino.  Good for a quick pit stop, but lots of other better dining in Vegas!
5	I really enjoyed my sandwich here! Went with the pastrami on rye, decided to keep it old school and I was very glad I did. The sandwich was simple and fresh and it was nice to have something that wasn't deep fried or fancy-trendy, it was just a plain ole kick ass sandwich. Everything tasted great, service was fast and friendly and walked away nice and full!I enjoyed the atmosphere too it really made me feel like I was in a real deli and I really think this added to my whole experience.
2	As others have written, this is not a jewish deli, it's just a restaurant in a casino that calls itself a deli.So either avoid or lower your expectations.  Personally, I'll avoid in the future.
4	If you want a New York style sandwich, then this is the place.   All the ingredients seem very fresh.  I have eaten here many times and have always been pleased with the quality of my sandwich.  I also like their black and white cookies, which are a bit hard to find on the west coast.  Service is fast and they make your sandwich any way you like it.
4	Solid four stars. Always get the mile high on marble rye. Plenty of food for two. Nice surprise foe a strip/tourist area restaurant. Lots of seating around. In the evening you can sit across from the big apple bar for the entertainment.
4	17$ for two huge sandwiches. Truthfully, I probably could have spent half that and shared one with my husband because they were so big. Cheap price, good selection.. I will probably be back next time we're visiting Vegas if its convenient.
4	This one's easy--best brisket sandwich outside of New York.
4	What a great surprise in the "food court" section of New York New York casino. Could be one of the best corned beef sandwiches I have ever had. Stacked high on fresh rye bread, hot mustard and juicy warm corned beef. Cafeteria/deli style service, fast and priced right. A real value in the otherwise expensive LV restaurant world.
1	We have been coming to Vegas for 20 years. Since NYNY opened, we have gone here to get sandwiches. On the last two trips, we ate at this place, which used to be our favorite "go to" spot for a quick sandwich. Last time, we realized something had changed. They no longer offered a pickle or potato salad with the sandwich (those are now $1.50 to add on) and the portions of meat on the sandwiches were cut in half. This time our bread was dry, there were four thin slices of pastrami folded over to appear like it was a fat sandwich, but when opened up, it was clear that the paper-thin meat was folded over and bulked up in the middle of the bread just disguising the fact that there was close to no filler, the meat only fit in the middle of the sandwich (so enough meat for 1/4 sandwich), which meant we paid $9 for a sandwich that was all dry bread and no meat. We also got a chicken salad sandwich. They used to serve 3/4 cup of chicken salad on a sandwich. Now they used an ice cream scoop so there was enough chicken salad for 1 slice of dry bread.  So disappointed in the change to this place. For $18, we got 4 slices of dry bread and hardly any sandwich filler. Never going back.
3	This is another place that you wind up going when you have been killed by the prices at all the other restaurants/buffets on the Strip. Right inside NY NY Casino, you'll think, "Hey, the prices can't be too awful since it's a deli." And you're right. It's not *that* cheap, but it's also not ridiculously expensive.And it's a sandwich. That's all. Another place in Vegas that I went once and probably won't go again. Although I can't see this place actually getting closed and replaced. It seems like it just kind of fits in their whole theme.
2	Not a lot of meat for the price.   Bread was not fresh.  I'd go somewhere else.
3	This is the pinnacle of New York Deli. They have the best  steamed corned beef in the land.  Everything is ala carte though.  You would think that being a deli it would be rather cheap, but not true.  Your average cost with sandwich, chips and a drink would run you about $16.00-18.00 per person.
4	Honestly, I dont know what it is, but this is one of the best sandwich places I have ever come across. I know, I know. A lot of people are going to judge me with the notion of, "Oh come on, come off of it, it's just a sandwich joint in New York New York". Its more than that. Having gotten a sandwich here last year after indulging in more than a few adult beverages, I thought my perception was skewed. This time around, I was completely sober when enjoying my sandwich. And enjoy my sandwich I did. I had the trio of salami. My sister had the chicken, and I feel like my mom had some sort of chicken salad. I tried them all. And wanted to eat them all. Normally, my sister can out-eat me. Not that night. I ate  my sandwich and half of hers. Shame. Or luck. You decide. Seriously. This place is a random, hidden gem. It's not  a real Jewish deli, but that doesn't concern me. What concerns me is the fresh bread and good deal for the price. A solid sized and delicious sandwich with a side and a soda for under $10 in vegas? You'll spend more than that on a beer in vegas.
4	Vinnie's Special was the best, husband got the Italian Stallion, which was pretty good. The potato salad was delicious even for someone who usually doesn't like potato salad.Vinnie: brisket, turkey, pastrami, muenster, mustard and mayo on focaccia.Stallion: salami, pepperoni, provolone, prosciutto, lettuce and pesto on ciabatta.They gave us a choice of bread: focaccia, ciabatta, sourdough, marbled rye and there was probably a wheat choice in there, or croissant.The prices here were great ($8 a sandwich) and they're big enough to split. Good place to stop for a quick bite before wandering back onto the Strip.
5	Food was good.  I had a turkey and salami.  My mom had a turkey rueben.  Don't know what these other people are talking about.  They obviously haven't eaten at a deli before.  My sandwich $8.50.  I have been at delis and had the same thing for $16.95.  The only negative is the whole hotel carries Pepsi products.
4	Very cute little place in New York New York.  Has outside tables for sitting and people watching.  Offers beers at a good price ($5).    Tried the reuben (excellent) and matzoh ball (very good).  Glad we made the stop!
5	You  have got to stop into this amazing deli /Restaurant. You have a vastMenu  of hot and cold sandwiches.I enjoy the  hot beef  brisket and  pastrami sandwich.def,fav. Freshly cut to your order+ affordable.I feel this place is great to not stand in line to wait for a meal like at a buffet .
3	Corned beef sandwich was good. The bread held up and the meat was tender and flavorful. Not too salty. Loved the pickles :D It was a little over $10 for a drink and sandwich.
4	I ordered a hot pastrami sandwich on rye, potato salad, and a chocolate egg cream. The pastrami was served barely warm (which was ok even though it should've been served hot), sliced thin, and was pretty tasty! It came with a decent whole pickle. I only ordered the potato salad because it was mentioned by other Yelpers to be good. I found it to be bland and tasteless and wouldn't order it again. The chocolate egg cream was delicious. You get a large sized drink cup for $2.95.If you're a New Yorker, it's hard to miss the glaring typo on one of their signs touting NYC authenticity. See if you can find it!The staff were all very pleasant and the restaurant was pretty clean for a busy Saturday night.It's not NYC's Katz or 2nd Avenue Deli, but will satisfy your pastrami craving while in Vegas.
4	Come with an appetite and a sense of fun.The food is fabulous, and you get a lot of food form the money.We had the pastrami, very tender and flavorful.
4	We had the pastrami Reuben and it was very good.  The cheesecake was real New York cheesecake; no graham cracker crust.  Service was very good, portions were generous.  Seating in the courtyard outside is handy.
1	I'm stunned to see the number of overwhelmingly positive reviews about Greenberg's. I can only assume that most have never eaten outstanding Jewish deli food, and, as often happens with reviews on Yelp, a lack of reference points leads to a misevaluation.People need to understand what Greenberg's is. It's essentially a fast food version of an authentic Jewish deli--a replica that has the basic look and feel of an authentic deli, but not the food quality or soul. This is obviously a common phenomenon on the Vegas Strip.Folks who've been to the great delis, like Katz's in NYC, Lester's in Montreal, Canter's in Los Angeles, or any of the other great delis, know what real Jewish deli food tastes like. They know what real matzo ball soup tastes like, and what the best pastrami tastes like. Greenberg's is a 2-star deli at best, and, quite honestly, is just a fast food version of a Jewish deli. It kills me to know that people leave Greenberg's believing they've just eaten quality Jewish deli food. Oy vey!
4	My favorite sandwiches in Vegas. New york style. Tons of meat in them. My favorite is the pastrami panini. Also comes with a pickle on the side, can't beat that.
5	Warm pastrami or corn beef on marble rye with Swiss cheese and spicey mustard = pur bliss!  The meat is piled high so splitting is a good option! We ate here 2 x! Service was fast and courteous! The coleslaw is delicious but on the vinegary side! Tum yum
4	I was feeling like a sandwich for lunch and near NY NY so I ended up here. You stand in one line to order and another line to pay. When it came my turn to order I asked for the Vinnies Deluxe in a french roll. The guy carving the meat laughed and said he never had someone order that sandwich on a french roll before and he would never do that because that bread cannot hold all the meat. I let him know I wasn't a tourist and have eaten here several times before never ordering my sandwich on any other bread and never had a problem with it being messy. I then told him if he wanted to buy my $10 sandwich I would get it on the bread if his choice. He laughed and said to grab a fork and knife. For the record... No utensils were needed and no meat fell off my sandwich. The sandwich had beef brisket, turkey, and pastrami with deli mustard and mayo. The meats on the sandwich taste well together and the bread was good. I always leave satisfied but do wish the sandwich was a little bigger. It also came with a pickle. Tables are right outside or you can get your food to go and they are open until 3 am.
5	This is a review for the pastrami at Greenbergs. The old best pastrami ever (even NY), was the old stage deli in the ceasers palace mall and NOT to be confused with the stage deli at MGM which is a silly little counter.Greenbergs serves up a pastrami which you can chew with no teeth. its not very thin but its tender! not bad for fast casino food! choice of mustard and comes with pickle. damn good.next time the ruben.
4	We ate here for lunch and had the New York Skyhigh which was $9.50 and easily enough for 2 people.  We enjoyed it - turkey, pastrami and corned beef, cole slaw and Russian Dressing.  We also reallyenjoyed the $2.50 Egg Cream.  A good lunch for a cost less than &15 for 2 people!
4	this place makes a great pastrami or Reuben sandwich .the meat is tender and nicely flavored.
5	Approvals!!!This place reminds me of Katz's from NYC. Although I would say Katz is a tad better in terms of taste, I guess the prices kind of make up for it since Katz is like $15-16 a sandwich and here the sandwich is $10. The sizes are pretty much the same, we got a ton of meat here too.I am not an Earl's fan so I would recommend this place over Earl's any day!
3	Pastrami sandwich was good but they need a crunchy bread option as the bread slices get soft.  Service was good and the food was great for a quick bite.
2	If you are looking for quantity, this is your place.  If you want a sandwich that tastes like something good, move on.Service was slow and the cashier didn't really know what any of the sandwiches were.The beef & cheddar was bland and the cheese wasn't melted.  Turkey club and pastrami sandwiches were about the same.
1	Warning - I got quite possible the WORST case of food poisoning I've ever had at this place. I am 100% sure it's this place because it's the only thing I had eaten all day - I'm here for CES. I got the Ruben and I thought something was weird about the sauce but attributed it to shitty Vegas food. Going on 12 hours sick. :(
3	After a long morning of being a tourist, were looking for something to eat that wasn't overly heavy, and came upon this place. The sandwiches were okay but were nothing special... And nothing like a real NYC deli. There must be better options for a good sandwich!
4	It's a good replication of a NY deli pastrami on rye, good enough for this New Yawker on this side of the Mississippi.
4	Sooo tastey.We just so happened to go on a day where I did not feel like having breakfast food. Very odd and it doesn't happen very often. So considering that we had an Earl of Sandwiches nearby at home now I didn't want to go there for a sandwich.Any way, this place is totally delicious and open early enough. While everyone else was having crepes I was in line for freshly cut meats. We had ordered the sky high which had pastrami, turkey, and corned beef. Easily able to be split between two people. For 14 bucks (rounded up) the boo and I split the sandwich, potato salad, and chips. There was plenty of seating inside and around the place. Two thumbs up.
4	Vinnie's Deluxe on wheat for a 2pm lunch on Tuesday, and my next meal was breakfast on Wednesday.  Basically, my $10 sandwich took care of lunch and dinner for me - what a deal!Not only did the pastrami, brisket, and turkey go well together, but I also ate pieces of the meat by themselves, and they were all great.  The sandwich was probably small by NY deli standards, but it was big for only 10 bucks!  I would go back there, but will make sure I share my sandwich with someone or take half to go.  A lot of food places in NYNY are overpriced, but Greenberg's is a great value.
4	Huge Sandwich and easy to get to from the MGM.
4	We ate here twice in the couple days we were in town.  Sandwiches are a pretty good size so if you're not big eaters, you can split it and be full without a problem.  Service is fast and sandwiches are delicious.  Great choice for a quick lunch.
4	It's difficult to find a restaurant on the Strip that is both inexpensive and serves good food. This is a Jewish style delicatessen that has nothing to apologize for. It's in New York New York in the area of faux New York City streets. Our sandwiches were just what one expects from a quality Jewish deli.
5	Delicious!!!! My husband and I both ordered the roast beef cold sandwich on wheat bread. Very tasty with a ton of meat!!! My husband is from the north and was excited they had Wise's chips. We had to get a bag to split. The one nice thing I liked about dining here is they crossed out the tip line. They didn't expect to get tips for their service. It was kind of refreshing because Vegas will definitely nickel and dime you till you're broke. We will be dining here again in our next trip.
5	had the Pastrami Reuben with no cheese the sandwich was absolutely amazing, I got the potato salad also that was also awesome great taste to it and  i topped off the meal with a black & white cookie really good nice and soft  If you want a quick bite with really good food stop here I just found my new vegas sandwich shop
5	Vinnie's Deluxe... Seriously good sandwich. My husband ordered it. I ordered the Reuben (corned beef version). Also good. The Vinnie however, I wanted to fight my husband for. Every bite was like watching a fireworks finale. My mouth lit up. It was an incredible explosion of flavor that made my tongue dance. I liked it so much I've chosen not to rate the lackluster pickle that accompanied the sandwich. Order the Vinnie's Deluxe! NomNom!!!
4	[FOOD]: Finding quality, cheap eats in Vegas was impossible to find until I stumbled upon Greenberg's Deli located in NY/NY's boulevard of restaurants. The deli is set-up like an assembly line so do not worry if the line looks long - it moves very quickly. Luckily, I came in at a non-peak time (~3PM) so I was in and out within 5 minutes. I ordered the Vinnie's Deluxe sandwich which was enough to fill me for lunch and dinner. It consisted of their famous pastrami, corned beef, and turkey. All the meats are sliced freshly for you when you order, and you have choice of bread (highly recommend their rye). The sandwich was extremely flavorful and competes well with any of the top delicatessens in New York. The sandwich only comes with mayo, so I recommend adding in some complimentary mustard to give it an extra kick. [SERVICE]: Self-seating, traditional delicatessen-esque so no real service. Staff was friendly and gave me great recommendations on how to maximize the flavor of the meats! [ATMOSPHERE]: Spacious deli with plenty of space for customers to slide trays down the assembly line. The restaurant really tried to replicate the feel of their other restaurants despite not having a true dining area (only a few tables located within the deli, but plenty of seating outside).[TIPS]: COME HERE INSTEAD OF EARL OF SANDWICH. It's worth the extra $3 and you'll be 2x as full. Go between 2-4PM to avoid the line. If you're not that hungry, the sandwich will be too much for you, so split with a friend :)
5	Five stars is for food only !! Hands down best pastrami I've ever had. Maybe best sandwich period. I got the pastrami Reuben on sourdough. The gentleman on the meat sliding station let me sample the corn beef and pastrami to see which I liked better. He was very friendly but the two girls working the other counters were frowning and not friendly. .  I will def be returning on my next Vegas trip.
4	Las Vegas food options seem so overwhelming sometimes, but it can actually be really difficult to find simple, yet affordable food. Greenberg's Deli inside of New York New York is the perfect place to get an extremely filling sandwich for a fairly reasonable price! People rave about Earl of Sandwich, but I found it to be nothing special aside from the low price. However, Greenberg's has some really quality meats that don't need a ton of dressing up before inserting between two slices of fresh bread. I ordered the Greenberg's Reuben on marbled rye, and it came with pastrami piled at least two inches thick, as well as a generous helping of sauerkraut. I love the combination of the savory meat and the sour cabbage, but after only half the sandwich I was struggling to down the other half! The size of the sandwich is insane, but they definitely don't skimp on quality at all. If you're looking for a quick meal to pad your stomach for whatever you're doing in Vegas, Greenberg's is definitely the place to go!
5	Went here awhile back to sample a NY style deli, as I've never been to the east coast and am very interested in their food. After pouring over Yelp reviews we decided on Greenberg's instead of some of the other ones. Since working on the strip I've had a chance to sample sandwiches from many, many, of the delis in major hotels out there and have mostly been disappointed. Way too expensive for not that much.. Not So at Greenberg's, Holy Cow! Two of us ordered one (1) sandwich for $10. We decided on a Rueben with corn beef and pastrami and rye bread. It was as big as my head and tasted delicious. We split the sandwich in half and were extremely full afterwards. We barely finished all the meat. Like some other reviewers said don't come here unless you are extremely hungry or looking to share. Absolutely worth it, we will definitely be coming back and trying more of the menu, and if that's the way they eat in NY I'm OMW!!
5	Greenberg gets a full five stars in my book, and yes I do know authentic Jewish deli foods. They are not that but pretty close, especially given that they are in a casino in Las Vegas. The Reuben's are out of this world....a similar Reuben (about 1/2 pound larger) at Carnegie Deli in New York is $24, this Reuben is $10. It's nearly as good. But it doesn't stop there....there brisket, turkey, all of the meats are very good. Pickles, mustards, the whole nine yards. One additional not is that they now are open during breakfast hours, with the full menu available. Nice. They also have a $5.95 deal for either bacon, egg, cheese croissant or pastrami, egg bagel coupled with a large coffee. Very good deal and my croissant was Huge! Really like this place....especially when you compare to areas nearby. $10 for an OK crepe, $6.00 for a so-so slice of pizza, etc.... Good food for good value.
4	This is a nice little gem. So many recommend the Carnegie Deli but this place is simple, fast and I feel just as good. The food was fresh and the portion size was very generous. This is more of a fast food feel but the quality is there, give it a try!
5	Looking for a quick bite to eat on the Strip that actually tastes top class without costing a fortune? Order yourself a corned beef Reuben on marbled rye and you won't be disappointed! The sandwich bursts with meaty, tender, juicy flavor. If you're a small eater, the sandwich may be big enough to share alongside a bag of chips---but trust me, you don't want to do that. Skip the chips and enjoy this tasty Reuben all to yourself!
2	Had to give it  only 2 stars.Ordered the corned beef sandwich tonight.  It tasted just fine.  My problem was that the guy slicing the corned beef needs a lot of training.  The way he sliced the meat it came out with the consistency of pulled pork. Totally shredded instead of slices. It tasted ok, but really? The other guy working the slicer knew how to slice.  His sandwiches looked correct.Ill be back but I won't let the "shredder" make my sandwich.
4	This is a 4.5 star review. I've pretty much only had the pastrami sandwich here which I've had at least a dozen times. I've only had one not so good sandwich here one time which was this time unfortunately. This time I got the end of the meat they were cutting which was filled with fat that I was not to trilled with but 1 out of 12 isn't bad. The meat here is very tasty though and the potato salad is also very good. I hate comparing one place to another but I guess eating at Katz deli in NY will do that to you when trying other places that import their meat from The Big apple. I would recommend this place to any of my friends and or family if in Vegas and looking for a New York style sandwich. I'm not super huge on the California style pastrami which is normally super greasy and stuffed into a sub which isn't my type of pastrami sandwich so if you like a east coat deli style sandwich this is the place for you.
5	Amazing. Pastrami was hot and juicy. I ate the whole sandwich. Barely. You have to go here.
4	So based on the previous reviews alone I sought this location out.  Luckily it was just a 10 min walk from my room in another hotel to get there.  I gave it a 4 because I was not a happy camper when after 5 mins of tying to figure out what I wanted they were out of Roast Beef!!!  Seriously????  A deli out of roast beef??? Put up a sign or something next time please.   So after that everything else just seemed lack luster and I went with Turkey on sourdough.  It was piled high and the bread was substantial enough to hold it together with out fallout out all over the place.  They have a large selection of sandwiches, salads and even the famous Black and White cookie.  I will definitely return on my next Vegas adventure.  Sandwich is big enough to share of you're just looking for a quick sharable mid afternoon snack.
5	The best pastrami sandwich! I come straight here from the airport just to get this sandwich. It's so delicate and juicy.
4	Very yummy new york style deli inside the new york new york. Was very good. The smell was awesome. I will be going back for sure..
4	Just got done polishing off a Rueben with pastrami. It s good piled with a lit of meat but had a cole slaw that was more mayo than anything.  When my guy was making my sandwich he was wiping  down the slicer with a less than appealing looking towel. I was not deterred and even asked him for the extra meat that fell towards the back of the slicer which he obliged. Carried the goodness back to my room and washed it all down with a cold adult beverage.
4	For all my people that live in Michigan, this is just like zingerman deli, as to everybody else, this is a good deli.Came here for dinner my first night and had a corned beef sandwich on focaccia bread (which was good/great, on point, and big enough to where I couldn't finish it). Only real negative thing I can say about here is that they didn't have a lot of sides. I would also be prepare to pay $11-$13 for a sandwich (a bit high, although I have seen higher). Overall if your in a sandwich mood, this is one of the places to visit.
4	Absolutely delicious toasted chicken breast, shaved ham, and bacon on French Roll.  The potato salad was better than my mom's!  My mom makes amazing potato salad!!
4	After a long plane ride from New York where do i find myself??... Oh yes of course, the NY NY hotel. This was my first of many dining experiences on this Vegas trip and it was a fantastic way to kick everything off. The corn beef Ruben was delicious, great flavor, cooked nicely. The price wasn't too bad especially considering it was inside of a hotel on the strip. If the food was out a bit quicker and they didn't overcharge for the cost of bottled water and iced tea this place would have received 5/5Here on 10/02/2014
4	My husband and I were staying at New York New York Casino in Las Vegas so I saw the good reviews for Greenberg's Deli on Yelp so we decided to give it a try. I had the cold turkey sandwich on french roll and my husband had the corn beef and pastrami on sourdough. You get to choose the bread so that was nice. The sandwiches had a lot of meat in them. That is one thing that I feel makes a good sandwich. We had the sandwiches with a bag of chips, potato salad, a pickle and we shared a lemonade. The potato salad was ok. The lemonade was good, not too sweet. Overall I liked this place and would come back. Next time I will get my own lemonade though-no sharing. The sandwiches were a little pricey but I thought it was worth it.
5	We thought cantors was good but the pastrami and corned beef sandwiches here are definitely better. Husband says it's the best he's ever had.
5	Best Matzo Ball soup I have had in a very long time time. The sandwich was pretty damn good as well. This is the first place I have ever found that serves the soup hot enough for me.
4	Greenberg's Deli is a spot you should definitely hit while in Vegas specially after drinking nothing sounded better than big fat Pastrami Sandwich. :-)Located in New York, New York, Greenberg's is tucked in among the "city streets". You order at the counter, the meat is all sliced to order, thin and delicious. The sandwiches are huge.Hot and fresh made meats including pastrami, corned beef and turkey, made to order on a selection of freshly baked breads, with house made mustard and dill pickle on the side. I had the pastrami sandwich and potato salad. Fresh ingredients, the bread tastes amazing, and the pastrami so delicious and piled so high that it's hard to figure out how to eat it! So yummy, and the potato salad is perfect with the sandwich.For a quick and relatively inexpensive meal, definitely stop by this place and grab a bite to eat. You won't be disappointed.
