4	Honestly, my memory is a bit dusty, regarding this place. I have eaten there twice, but it was a while ago. I do remember this important fact, however: so far, it is my favorite bbq in the Valley.The exterior of the building has an incongruous 50s diner look to it. Rather different for a barbeque restaurant. The first thing you notice when you enter, are the pigs. They are everywhere -- ceramic ones, wooden ones, stuffed ones -- you name it. Lots and lots of knickknacks, and bright green walls.In addition to fountain beverages, you can also get alcoholic beverages and bottled sodas. This was great for me, because I could get Diet Dr. Pepper. The portions are generous, but not ridiculous. Their cornbread is of the sweet variety, if that matters to you. You can tell that they paid attention to how their sides were prepared, rather than treating them as an afterthought. It's not often that I comment, "wow that's good grilled zucchini!" They also make a damn fine sweet potato.I know what you're waiting for.... the barbeque. I'll start with the least impressive, the brisket. It was a touch dry, and meh in flavor. No bad, not great. The pulled pork and ribs however, were awesome. Just the right combo of sweet, spicy, sour, and smoky. My one qualm with the ribs was that they were a bit fatty.I didn't get dessert, but I tasted my companions' dessert -- the peach cobbler that the menu talks up. It comes in a big sundae goblet, which I think makes the crust rather mushy and slimey. Plus, if you don't like spice, you won't like it. It was overwhelmingly gingery / allspicey.So far, I have tried Honey Bear's, PHX BBQ (formerly Tom's), Restaurant 28, and Famous Dave's. Though there is room for improvement, and barbeque tastes are so subjective, Thee Pitts still ranks the best for me.
5	This is some of the best BBQ I've had in the Phoenix area.  It's a standard place where my parents go when they want to get some dinner out.  I love the "lite eaters" menu because I'm never hungry enough (after consuming lots of appetizers) to finish a meal.  I highly recommend the fried mushrooms and coming while super hungry!!
4	I spied with my little eye:*piggy on a bike*piggy with girlfriend piggy*flying piggy*clock piggy with wagging tongue as pendulum*chef piggy (there's something wrong about a chef piggy holding pork ribs...)*beautiful tin ceiling.  No piggies in it, but plenty hanging from it.I didn't have enough guts to try the Pork Sundae....I won't even eat the KFC chicken bowl.  I know it's all going to end up in my stomach mixed up, but I don't want it to start out that way.The onion rings are big, crispy, and spiced with what looks like their signature rub.  Almost as good as sweet potato fries, which I was surprised (and disappointed) that they didn't have.  I'd go again just for the rings!You can't go wrong with the ribs, pulled pork, or pulled beef.  Three words - Fall Off The Bone.  Okay, four words.  You get the point.For dessert, the bread pudding is gooey and scrumptious.  Fried twinkie (wasn't my choice, but I guess you have to try one sometime, right?) was alright, but whoever thought up that little treat wasn't going for lo cal, that's for sure.  Not sure if it was because of so called fried twinkie, but one customer beside us suddenly for no apparent reason cried out 'WTF?' as it was delivered to his table.  It was so loud and sudden, I think I got a little bbq sauce up a nostril.  The thing that made my day:  Individually wrapped jelly bellies when you get your check.  ADORABLE!Minus HALF a star for wierd service...a little on the slow side and the waitress waited on a party that was there after us first.  Other than that, this place is highly recommended.
2	I used to find Guy Fieri of "Diners Drive-Ins and Dives" mildly amusing, but when I discovered that he is promoting a place like Thee Pitts Again and bypassing true local gems like LoLo's and Welcome Diner, I decided he needs a palate check. Hubby and I actually went after seeing it on the show, in spite of the piggy kitsch factor. The zucchini app was mushy on the inside and crispy on the outside (due to too much greasy tempura, in my opinion). My pulled pork was acceptable, but the ribs were scant on meat and drowning in sauce. I got the waiter to spill the beans on the mashed potatoes- 1/2 real and 1/2 instant, and they were so garlicky they were acrid. Hubby got the only moderately tasty thing we ordered- the pork tenderloin. Two HUGE pieces breaded in the same tempura as the zucchini- very moist, somewhat bland, and definitely a heart attack waiting to happen. We took the second piece home and split it for dinner the next day. Hubby liked his potato salad well enough, and the cornbread was OK in taste but very crumbly and therefore hard to eat.No need for us to return.
2	Ok, the first thing I am going to say is something positive...because I have been told to find the positive things in life...I focus too much on the negative.Their cornbread was friggin amazing.Whew, now I got that out of the way.  Now I can go on with my happy self and tell you why this place is lucky it is getting 2 stars  (and really it is only because my cousin had something nice to say also)The story goes...I never experienced such horrible customer service in my life.  My cousin was in town from Michigan and loves the show "Drive-in's, Diners, and Dives" (is that the right order?)  and heard about this place so we just had to go.  (My grandparents mentions Bill Johnson's Big Apple, but I said I would just go home if they were going to go there.)  So Aaron and I ordered our entrees with a salad, and my grandfather order his entree with chili.  (Grandma doesn't eat much...)  Aaron also ordered fried dill pickles for an appetizer.  (Note: My grandma and I wanted a baked potato that on the menu said that are availabe after 5pm but the waitress said they wouldn't be ready until 5:30pm)  Aaron and I got our salads...and Aaron asked about the pickles..."Oh, they are cooking them now."  Ok...so then my grandpa asked for his chili, which should have came out with our salads, and the waitress replied "Listen, I have other tables that have orders also.".  Wow....I even replied, "Are you serious?" So besides that, I found the decor a little nauseating (how many pink pigs do I need to see and why are they seriously playing "Babe" on the TV?  Like I want to eat pork now)  The food was so so...cousin said that his ribs were cooked just right, but the sauce was too sweet to his liking.  Grandparents thought that their sandwiches were too big.  I thought that my mashed potatoes had a funky flavor too them.So with the review of the ribs and their awesome cornbread (which I ordered a 2nd helping of) I give it 2 stars.  Where oh where can I find some awesome barbeque????
1	Like most others I was drawn to this place by good ole Guy Fieri.  They even have a large sign in their window that proudly states "SEE US ON THE FOOD NETWORK."  Well Guy, you have failed me again.  My dad actually drove down from Tucson after seeing the same episode of DDD and we made a grand Father's Day event out of it.I have 2 words for you now, PAINFULLY AVERAGE.I would have rather gone to Old El Paso BBQ.  First of all they make you wait forever.  Our waitress set waitresses back 100's of years.  She was terrible.  She brought one plate out at a time.  She forgot appetizers.  I could go on but lets get to the food that has apparently won so many trophies.First things first.  It was cold, all of the meat was cold.  The brisket tasted and looked like dog food.  It just wasnt very good.  mashed potatoes were funky as hell and not in a good way.  Everything is drenched in sauce, everything.  Can good BBQ stand alone?  Yes.  Thee Pitts Again needs lotsa sauce.  Not one of us finished a plate.So what the hell is Guy Fieri's problem.  Could he really believe this to be great food?  What about all the people stating its the best BBQ ever?Its a mystery to me.  But Thee Pitts Again really is the Pitts.
1	Anyone who has had REAL BBQ would laugh at this place.  Having had some of the best Q in the world in TX, SC,NC,TN,MS,AL,GA and KS; this is woefully bad.  I ordered two racks and a pound of brisket to go.  One rack I ordered dry so I could see what they really look like.  No bark, and gray.  A sure sign of BBQ that was cooked in an oven and not a pitt.  The brisket was even worse.  If you have ever had real brisket in TX (Southside Market, Salt Lick, Kruez), you'll laugh at this.  Way too thin, way too gray and tough.  They obviously do not serve the same Q in the restaurant as they do at a competition.  Q this bad would never win any award.  I also stopped here based on the TV show, and Guy is nuts if he thought this was good.
2	I'm always amazed at anthropomorphism when it comes to eateries it just seems in such bad taste but  when it comes down it I voluntary  entered a pink building with metal siding  so any pretense I had re concerning aesthetics is rather lacking in credibility. Yes there are a lot of pigs just don't think about it too much while eating.  This was a quick lunch stop  2pm in the afternoon and the place was quiet.  Didn't get appetizers.  Service was quick and ordering  was easy.  Pork sandwich and a hot link sandwich.   Food came out quickly.  The BBQ beans are claimed to be  made in house but the way they make them seems  to resemble that which came out a manufacturing plant. I'm not saying they aren't made at "home"  maybe that they just shouldn't go to the effort for the result.   These were a mass disappointment and  would be my reason to exclude them from further visits. The hot link sausage and sauce on an onion bun was  again not that bad but not going  go out my way to get it again.  Cornbread,  really good,  BBQ pork sandwich  that my partner had was pretty good.  Soda was refilled and had the syrup balance  done well. Nowhere close to RUB in Vegas,  or  even El Paso which is a shame since the price difference isn't that great and the food is average -  ouch  for the type.  I stayed in GA my first years here in the states and I have to say that  while this is Ok  for lunch if you are near it  I can't see  El Paso   knocking it out of my local bbq fix.  So my search for great BBQ in  Phoenix goes on..
1	was super disappointed eating here. i saw this restaurant on guy's show, diners drive-ins, and dives. on the show, they showed numerous awards that this owner has won for barbeque. i specifically went for the pulled turkey. i've never seen a barbeque place cook a whole turkey and pull it for barbeque. well, it was very dry. plain all around bad. it had no flavor. it was like eating dirt with barbeque sauce poured on it. the sauce wasn't particulary good either. my boyfriend had a combo platter of 3 meats. they looked as dry as mine. the only thing i liked about my meal was the potato salad. i wouldn't go here for barbeque ever again. i don't know how they made it on a national tv show. maybe their other non-barbeque food is good. maybe the catfish?
4	Okay let's set the record straight about this place (well, sort of).  When you talk to people in different circles about this place, you'll usually get alot of strong reactions (particularly on the Yelp board).  Now look, I haven't been to Memphis or North Carolina and I've only spent a small fraction of time in Kansas City and Texas.  I've tried many different BBQ styles, but I don't play regional favorites as many claim to.  Some people's passion for BBQ is so over the top that one wonders if any restaurant will satisfy those so-called experts.  So if you're one of those people who likes to read a post from a guy with a rooting interest, you may as well stop reading now.I actually happen to work just a few blocks from this place and most of my co-workers have eaten here at least once.  For those unfamiliar, its a small diner style restaurant right along Bell Rd. and 55th Ave (you can't miss it).  As mentioned on prior Yelp postings, its been featured on the Food Network and a number of local TV stations (the autographed photos of celebrity visitors are in the restaurant as evidence).  You'll also notice the oddly placed Jelly Bellys in the front (they actually give you free jelly bellys with your check).  And yes, there are trophies and ribbons from barbeque competitions that bombard you from the moment you walk in.  They also run a looping video on the television of all the television spots they've been featured on.  Clearly a place thats proud of it reputation.So now to the meat of the story (har har).  How does the restaurant stack up?  For starters, the service, while attentive, is a bit slow.  I admit I've become accustomed to slow service at Barbecue spots in town (Dillon's, Bobby Q and Big City BBQ just to name a few) so the slow service didn't bug me, but might bug a novice.  The menu has all the usual favorites including Brisket (my favorite), Pulled Pork, Pulled Chicken, Chopped BBQ, and even Turkey.  Now, I know the turkey is their staple (the person sitting next to me raved about it), but I just went traditional with brisket.  The sauce was excellent and has a good strong tangy flavor that didn't overwhelm the meat, but complimented it well.  The meat was plenty juicy and tender and the portion for the sandwich was plenty hearty.  Lots of sides to choose from too (I got grilled veggies).Price for my dish was around $10 with tip.  Good price for a quick 30 minute lunch.  They also serve good sized dinners for about $5 more and have a good variety of appetizers and desserts to choose from.  I'll probably end up editing this post for the next time when I try this place out for a dinner date.Okay, so to summarize:  Above average BBQ, pretty cool diner-type environment,  slightly slow service, sort of difficult to get to if you're not on the west side, and jelly bellys up front.  This is not the BEST barbecue I've had in Phoenix (that title remains with Honey Bear's), but like I said, above average.  I guess it really comes down to your expectations.  If you want Arthur Bryant's style BBQ, move to Kansas City.  If you want Lockhart style BBQ, make the drive over to the Texas panhandle.  But if you're looking for a decent BBQ fix in town, this place just might to the trick for ya.
3	I was reluctant to try this place.  I would have lived a life without Thee Pitts Again if it were not for my boyfriend's curiosity!  Walking inside, I felt like I was in another city.  Nothing about it felt Phoenix to me- more Midwest.  It looks like it used to be a 5 and Diner and the whole place is filled with knickknacks, including pig figurines of all types.  Actually, pigs are the main theme.  It's charming in it's own kooky way. Now for the food.  I wasn't that impressed.  I got the pulled pork sandwich and it did taste alright, just not out of this world.  I happily ate it, don't get me wrong, but I don't see myself craving it in the future.  My bf got the ribs and boy am I glad that I did not!  My father used to have pretty good ribs in his restaurant (won an award or two) and these really disappointed me.  Now everyone has their own taste for ribs, some like a rub and some like a lot of sauce, but these just looked dry.  I tried a bite and I have definitely had better.  Plus, I'm a fan of baby back ribs and those are not on the menu:(.  Their BBQ sauce was also not that thrilling, I've had better made from scratch at home. All in all the place is quirky, cute and took me out of Phoenix for a while.  Unfortunately, for a place known for BBQ it doesn't impress.  I think you'll like it if BBQ isn't a religion to you, but if you're really looking for some good BBQ keep on looking.
1	Ugh. Does anyone really think this is even BBQ? Its more like roasted meat with sauce poured over it. Absolutely the WORST BBQ I've ever had. That "Guy" dude must be smoking crack or getting paid off. Seriously.  The service was fine but the food was just horrible.
3	We saw this on Triple D and we decided to stop here on the way back from El Paso.I had the pulled pork sandwich w/coleslaw.  If that is your thing, you will love it.Hubbs ordered a bbq plate that had different types of stuff.He wasn't impressed.  He's not a huge BBQ fan so I don't take his word for it when it comes to this.  BBQ is one of those things that are totally unique to everyone taste buds.  People take it so personal.  I love the decor of the place though.  Love piggies!
1	Whatta bummer this place is!!  I saw it on DDD and it looked like it was going to be the best BBQ the world has ever produced.   Lucky for me I was heading to my grandpas in Tucson so Thee Pitts Again was only about 45 min out of my way (That's nothing when it comes to good BBQ).  Maybe it was because I was there on a Tuesday at about 11AM and I got all the leftovers from say ummm.......Saturday.  Stupid me I asked the waitress what's good to which I received the standard answered of "Everything" so that's what I ordered give me 1 of everything.   She returned with a huge plate probably weighing 6 pounds everything looked the same, I couldn't really tell what was what.  I think I had about 1 bite of each item paid my $30 tab and went to Weinerschnitzl for some good food.
4	So on my trip to Phoenix my friend and I decided to try this BBQ spot,I remember seeing it on The Food Network about a year or so ago,but never paid no mind since I never travel to Phoenix. Anyhow, I tried the Steak and Mashed Potatoes while my friend tried the Full Slap of Pork Ribs, I did order my meat Medium Well, It came out Well Done, no worries, since i do enjoy my meat regardless. I tried the pork ribs and they were really good, i did read the reviews about this place prior to heading to AZ, but i never really believe until i try for myself. Well, I have found a nice place to stop when in town, The service was good, and the portions were great. The place is a bit overwhelming with Pig Stuff, but still cool in it's own way. BTW, the corn bread is really good,could be better as to what my friend mentioned, but i thought it was fine.Try it out for yourself, it's well worth the stop!
2	DISAPPOINTED!Saturday afternoon was my third visit to this restaurant. The first trip was the best, 2nd was OK, and this last visit was a disappointment. We were looking forward to having BBQ for an early Saturday dinner after going to a spring training game in Peoria. We get there and about 4 different people told us they would be with us in a minute. Once we were finally seated by a teenager who didn't seem to know how to interact with people, (for example she laid out silverware in front of our 14 month old), for anyone reading this who is wait staff, DON'T DO THAT! Anyway, we looked at the menu and knew what we wanted since we had been before. I got the Pork n Slaw sandwich with mashed potatoes, my husband got the 3 meat combo, brisket, pork and ribs, with slaw and fries and we ordered mac n cheese for our little one. Once the food came out, I was annoyed to say the least. The mac and cheese, (which was $4.50), was KRAFT MAC N CHEESE out of a box that I have never served my child (I make my own!). So the waitress comes back and I ask, um, what is this? Don't you have homemade mac n cheese, and she responds with, Um normally but we ran out. Mind you it was 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon, how does a BBQ joint run out of mac n cheese before Saturday night even starts??? My sandwich was OK, not as good as it was the time before. The seem to skimp on the slaw.  The mashed potatoes were not good. Gravy was way too salty for my taste. My husbands food was OK as well. The ribs were good, pork was good, brisket was tough. The fries seemed over seasoned (too salty) and the slaw was good. They have too many sides. If they would focus on what they are good at making, that would be better. Any-who, for a restaurant that was featured on food network, I would expect more. Maybe they have gotten cocky and are letting things slip. Who knows. I just know the wait staff is mediocre at best. We have had the same waitress every-time, and she gets worse every-time! That will be our last visit to Thee Pitts Again. We will resume going to our favorite local BBQ joint, Joe's BBQ in Gilbert. The line is out the door and they never run out of anything!
5	WOW, I am just reading some of the other reviews for this place, having not gotten to read them before. I left it to SG to find us a BBQ place on our route to or from one of our ball games. He researched many sites and came up with this one. He found that most of the reviews had been fairly good, warranting us checking it out. I guess some of the YELPers did not have as good a visit as we did. This place is a funny 1950's looking silver metal Diner. Not necessarily what you would expect to find for a BBQ joint, but it had character for sure. You can just look for a Tin restaurant with pigs on it. Inside, much the same. PIGS everywhere. Again following the diner theme in layout and style, but lots of extra fluff really fill this place out. TV's showing cookoffs and interviews with the TPA (Thee Pitts Again) crew. Lots and lots of awards from Fairs and contests. Jelly Belly stuff (not sure the link there). And CHARACTER. The staff is very friendly. They seated us immediately and took our drink orders. They were helpful with our menu questions and offered suggestions on choices for sides, since there are too many yummy ones to choose from. I pretty much knew all that I wanted was Brisket, Brisket and more Brisket. I could just not be a vegetarian (unless they could come up with some vegetarian Brisket that tasted like BBQ Brisket from this place). I was practically salivating at the very thought of it. I did decide that I wanted to try a little of something else. They had combo meals that allowed you to have a few meat items, corn bread and two sides at a pretty reasonable rate (about $12). So I ordered my combo plate with BRISKET and pulled pork, a side of beans and a side of potatoes. SG got Ribs, Brisket, beans and coleslaw. Our cornbread came first and was good. Nothing to write home about, but it was warm, soft, tasty and I smoothered it in honey butter. So, it did not last long and I liked it. My brisket was GREAT! Plenty of BBQ sauce and lean and thinly cut, just the way I like it. The pulled pork was very good too. Not fatty and perfectly shredded. It did need a bit more BBQ sauce, but that is just why they put it on the table. SG loved his ribs and brisket. The beans were good but needed BBQ sauce. The coleslaw was good (like a place I used to go with my dad as a kid, and it was really good.) The potatoes were delicious. Overall, yes, I gave this place a 5. I thought the food was excellent. The service was far better than any other BBQ place I have ever been, and even would rank well among other types of restaurants. The ambiance is unique. The prices are pretty good for the quantity of food you get and you have options to get combos and try multiple items, even better. I hope that we have to pass through Glendale again so that we can wander on in.
2	The wife and I moved near this place a couple of years ago and thought this could be our hot spot for BBQ...  Boy were we wrong.Our first trip we had "ok" service on a weekday and like Jake B. our food seemed to be re-heated from the weekend before.  I had a combo to try out the different options and was less than impressed. I even gave them a second shot just in case the first trip was a fluke.  I had the same results when ordering the ribs on our second visit.I really wish this place was good ....  guess I will have to drive to Joe's Real BBQ in Gilbert to get some damn good BBQ.
2	Just because this place was on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, doesn't mean its "all-that". I actually think the show set up the restaurant for failure, as they couldn't handle the surge of business that ensued after the airing of the episode. The service was very lacking. The food was tasty but most of my meal was tepid. I wanted to enjoy the Combo plate, full of piles of various meats. But its hard when the BBQ sauce the is the hottest food item on my plate. I'm sure they mean well, and they offer a good product, but unfortunately they were put into the weeds by the show. Maybe next time...
5	I could drink their BBQ sauce! Unbelievable taste and superior cookins'I used to get the pulled pork sandwich and beer fries all the time when I lived close to their Phoenix location. Me and a bunch of guys adopted the name "armpitts" for this place for not other reason than the name and we wanted something fun to say that we all knew what we were talking about. One fella would look to another and utter "armpitts", the other would nod (or sometimes accompany the nod with an "mmmmm") and both would hop in the car and head out, dragging 3-4 other guys with them without any objection.Classic BBQ... it just doesn't get any better than this!
4	I love this place -- it's my favorite BBQ!  The Pork and Slaw is my favorite.  I've always had great service - so i'm surprised to read that others have not.  They have wonderful fries, the coleslaw is great as is the potato salad.  I've been a fan since they were on Cave Creek and now that they are closer (to me anyway)  i try to make it there more often.  I think their prices are pretty reasonable - considering other places.  They have great BBQ sauce and the food has always been fresh / hot and delish! Support our local businesses!!
4	Solid 3.5 but I rounded up since it was better then the last time. So here goes... Old coworker suggests a place for some Gyro near 55th Ave And Bell Rd, next to Party City. I go there and it is closed, like shut down, closed. I call OCW and he says how about Carraba's? I cross the street pull into the parking lot and OCW calls again, How about Thee Pits Again? I say ok and drive through the parking lot to TPA.We were greeted and seated quickly and friendly. Ordered our drinks, I had IBC Cream Soda. Not a bad combo with BBQ We decide to each order a sandwich and split it since we wanted both types of meat. I had the Pulled Pork with Fries and OCW had the BBQ brisket with tater salad. The pork was moist, smokey and not fatty. There was just enough sauce to give it flavor but I added more. The fries were a thicker cut sort of seasoned fries type but were fried in the same vat as the onion rings. (which looked good) so there was a little left over flavor. YUM The BBQ brisket was tender, adn had good flavor but seemed to be lacking a tiny bit compared to the pork. The tater salad was a neat mixture of German and regular and it had bacpn in it. YUM The meal came to less then $25 and we were happy and full.
4	I'm no connoisseur based on living in a certain part of the country or anything like that, so I won't discuss regional styles or anything heady like that; I just know it's good when I taste it.Pulled pork sammy  on egg bread kaiser roll was really good.  Not too fatty, but enough for some juice and flavor.  Portion size that looked nicely 'good enough' to my extra hungry eyes, but quickly swelled into 'more than enough' once I was well into it.  Sauce was good - sweet and tangy - but I wished it were a little more smoky, since in it's current form it seemed to conjur in my mind the thought that it tastes a little bit reminiscent of McD's prepack nugget bbq sauce.  I stilll liked-ed it.I had to remind myself to put down the sandwich at about 2/3 finished with it, in order to eat some of my fries.  Putting down the large sized sammy was no small feat, since at this point in time my hand was basically the only thing holding it together!  I managed to put it down safely and get to the fries, which were thick cut and seasoned as if they were curly fries.  Okay, but not made here in the kitchen, that's for sure.It was important to finish the fries first, so that the tasty juicy pulled pork and sauce was to be the last flavor in my mouth, the one that would linger.  If you're like me, you put a lot of thought, as you eat a meal, into which flavor you'd like your last bite to be.  It's way more personally important than considering what your breath will smell like later to others.  If a part of the meal was good enough, and I know I want that flavor to be the last bite, it's worth it for me to skip dessert!Service was fast with not over the top, but subdued, friendliness.  Perfect tone for a solo late lunch diner.  I'm sure she would have bubbled right up for a family with kids.  All of today's daytime staff I encountered seemed to be experienced pros.Before tip and extras, the sandwiches are around 8 bucks.  The fact that I'm still full (satisfied, not uncomfortable) 4 hours later means it was certainly worth it.  The freaky decor will have you in pig-kitsch night-terrors.  Look for the flying pig attached to the pounded tin ceiling tiles, that is painted to look like a Hindu deity ~ bizarre even in this place.
1	I had been wanting to try this place for a while as I read it was pretty good. I tried my BBQ favorite in the beef brisket. What a bad move on my part. Their brisket had no seasoning, no smoke flavor, was the opposite if tender, and even my mom who tried a few bites of my meal thought it tasted "old." At any decent BBQ joint you will not see any brisket left on the plate when I am done, however with this joint I could not even finish half the portion it was so bad. On the good note, the sides were really good; I had mashed potatoes and gravy and potato salad and both were damn good. However, the brisket was SO bad that the sides could not bump this review above the one star. I do not enjoy paying over $15 for un-seasoned, non-smokey, old-tasting brisket....On a side note, I take no joy in giving a place, especially a non-chain, locally owned joint a bad review. I tried to be as nice as possible, as I realize I only tried one item on their menu. To be honest, if their quality levels allow them to serve brisket this terrible, then I do not think I can give this place another chance. The brisket was shocking in its' badness....
1	Saw it on DDD. Guy steered us wrong here. I had ribs and brisket in order to give them a fair shake. Neither worked for me. Service was way slow on a Saturday around 8pm. Ribs were cold, as was brisket. Brisket was smokeless, as were ribs. Sauce I wouldn't buy even if it was at the dollar store.I won't return. Rather drive to Honey Bear's.
4	I have to admit that I'm not a huge fan of barbeque food, but I am always up to trying something away from my usual.  I came here recently on a weekend before the lunch crowd came in like herds of domestic animals.  The decor and ambiance was quite unique with that diner style.  The server seemed great and knew her stuff.  I had the pulled pork sandwich that had plenty of yummy, gooey bbq sauce all over the meat and bun.  It did not disappoint my belly whatsoever.  Again I'll remind you that I'm not a huge fan of bbq food, but I'll be back to the place.
5	The Pitts Again in Glendale, AZ is an amazing barbecue joint that I had, once again, heard of on Diners, Drive-ins', and Dives! Yes, it's one of my favorite shows and I plan on trying one of Guy Fieri's recommended restaurants in every town I visit...if they have one in that town that is!From the outside to the inside, the decor in this place is rockin' and there's always something interesting to look at, and while you wait for your food they have a little book on the table with trivia questions that you can enjoy with your friends and family while you wait!The people who work there are very nice and are always making sure you're taken care of. The food is fabulous!! Here's the menu.....I had the Pork and Slaw sandwich (check out the picture...that's it!). I wasn't sure about it cause I'm not a huge fan of coleslaw normally. But since Guy Fieri and the waitress recommended it I thought, 'why not'! OMG! Delicious! The pork was moist and the coleslaw was a winner, and the two together with some Brbq sauce on top with an onion roll for my bread.....Holy moley!! It was awesome! It was heaven dancing around in my mouth!So I give this BrBq joint a thumbs up and would highly recommend it to my family and friends if ever in Glendale, AZ!
5	Yes, Yes, and Yes!! Stopped in here last Friday night to get some grub on with my husband. We've been meaning on coming in here for a long time since we saw the Triple D show on the food network. Everything on the show looked awesome. We pulled up to this shinny silver building with a huge pig on it, and walked through the huge silver doors into the restaurant. Right away we were greated and sat into our booth. The server came right over and asked us if we wanted water, and took our drink order. As we were browsing the menu we stopped to look at the decor in the inside. Wow, It was a little crazy with all the pigs in there. All sorts of souvenir pigs in all shapes and sizes. If you are a collector of pigs you'll fit right in at this location. Also you could see around the room all the ribbons and trophy's that have been won at numerous BBQ cook offs. (There was a lot of them) They also had TVs placed around the restaurant with one channel on sports. And the other with a channel dedicated to the food this restaurant cooks. I watched that channel to help me decide on what I should try. They showed recorded footage of how they prepare the food for different BBQ contest, and had the copy of the Triple D show that was aired. Our waiter came around and took our order for an App. We decided to try the deep fried pickles. We also ordered our main course at the same time. My husband got the rack of ribs with mash potato's and salad, and I got the half order of shredded pork on the lighter menu with a side of BBQ beans. Our pickles came, and yummy!! They were both sweet and savory at the same time. My husbands side salad came, and that looked big! He only was able to eat 1/4 of it because he wanted to save room for the big daddy meal. Our plates came, and we dug in.. OMG.. wow, I can only say this, I can see why they have won all those trophies and ribbons. Just wonderful, mmmmm, good. The sauce was nice and sweet, and there was plenty to put on it. The meat was moist and cooked to perfection. My beans were wonderful, so tasty... I was glad I decided to get those. Both meals came with a side of corn bread, which I thought was a little dry to my liking, but the meat made me forget that was even an option of eating that. My plate even being a half portion was huge. I could only eat less then a half of it before being stuffed beyond belief. I tried my husbands ribs, and ohhhh they melted off the bones. So good it should be a sin. I did try his mash potatoes and wasn't all that into them, they kinda reminded me of KFC's with the sort of gravy that was on them. While I was eating there, I smiled and thought to myself, I've always seen those BBQ cook off shows and always wanted to taste what the winners food taste like. I can happily say yes, I know what it's all about now... I will not hesitate to stop in here again for some perfectly cooked meat. We rolled outside! The night was cloudy, windy and looked as if it were going to let loose on pouring down rain, when I looked back at this big shinny building, and could imagine a streaming beam of light coming right down on this little pleasure palace. When we passed by the outback across the street I looked at all the cars, and said to myself with a grin-----Fools, you really don't know what your missing..
3	The reviews for this place seem to be all over the board and it is near me so I decided to try it.  I ordered a chopped (pork, beef, ham) sandwich ($7.95) and a root beer ($1.79).  With that I had a choice of one of several sides which if purchased separately would be in the $1.95-2.95 range. I chose the garden salad.   I was interested in the Mac and cheese even though at $3.95 it was not one of my options, I started to order is as a side and my waitress warned me it was like Kraft.  It appears they have 2 mac and cheese offerings, the cheap stuff they use for sides and kids meals and the 4 cheese baked stuff you can only get as a main entree.  At $3.95 for a side I would have  expected the good stuff so I am glad I was led away from it.The service wasn't exceptionally slow but the pace is certainly not quick.  The whole place lacks a certain enthusiasm.  The sandwich was OK, the salad was OK, the restaurant looked OK, the restrooms were OK.  I thought the booths/tables were small, and I noticed they were seating one person at two tops and 2 people at 4 tops and 4 people at 6 tops so I must not be the only one who thought that.  My interpretation of the decor is they were trying to hard.This is another one of those places I wouldn't refuse to go to but if I was in the area I most likely would prefer to try something new and different.
4	Back in Arizona to help my grandma and Aunt move and they moved 1 mile from here. So 14 of us went here today and there was no complaints. Everybody liked it, my cousin said the french fries are the best. I ordered a pork and slaw sandwich. I would definitly order it again. My wife told the lady easy on the slaw and she got extra slaw, that was pretty funny. I was half way thru my sandwich and i traded with her. My sandwich didnt have as much slaw and i liked that one alot better. I also got the potato salad and it was ok, ill get the fries next time.I wanta try some of this stuff next time also catfish, bbq turkey andpork sundae
4	I would really like to not enjoy Pitts for my waistline, the cheese factor, and for the opportunity to make fun of my boyfriend who eats there so much they now offer a 10% MWU discount. Unfortunately that is not possible. Pitt's pulled pork and slaw on an onion roll and french fries simply too delicious (Ship of Fools in Manhattan is the only fry that may excel).  The baked beans are also pretty good.  And although some sides falter(most notably mashed potatoes despite one friend's admiration and dry cornbread), I somehow always find myself craving there sweet and tangy BBQ.
3	I was in the mood for some good BBQ. Went back here last Friday night with my niece and nephew for some good grub. They ordered the kids meals of mac n'cheese, and an order of ribs. My husband ordered the full plate of ribs, and I ordered the half portion of ribs. We arrived around 6:30ish and the place was pretty packed. We got seated pretty fast and our drink and app order was taken quickly. We all ordered the deep fried pickles to share. There was enough for everyone, those were very good. We waited a long time before our food was ready. With kids it was a little difficult to keep them seated for that long of a time. When we did get our food we all dug in. The mac n cheese didn't look so good, it did look like the boxed kind. The rest of us got the ribs, and they were pretty good as well, but our ribs had a lot of fat on them, so it was tough eating through it unless you like all the fat on your ribs. The sauce was very good. I was a little disappointed from the last time I ate here. I guess that's why people say it's a hit or miss here, bummer. After our meal we also had to wait a little while to get our check, like I said it was busy, but after an hour of being here, we were ready to leave. The wait staff were very nice, and the kids ages 7 and 8 dug the pig decorations.
2	Ah yes, Thee Pitts Again. Its been a year since I have visited this place after seeing it on Triple D. I am always down for trying a new place and a new BBQ place? Shoot I am so there. Well lets just say that I was not overly impressed and Triple D let me down again. The place was packed when we went but we didn't have to wait long for a seat. Service was really good and the young man that was waiting on us was on top of things but when it came down to the food, it was just ok. (At least the main course anyway) We ordered the onions rings as an appetizer and they were actually very good. The cornbread with the honey butter was pretty tasty as well. Now for our main course, we ordered the combo platter to share which had the chicken, pork ribs, beef ribs, brisket, pork shoulder and ham. I just remember the chicken which I think was pulled was dry, the ham being very salty, and the the ribs were fatty. :( bummer, but the sauce and the sweet potato were good. Maybe it was just an off night, who knows, but I haven't been back since to give it another try. I really wanted to like this place especially after seeing it on Triple D and seeing all the awards he had won. There are other BBQ places in the area but unfortunately Thee Pitts Again is not one I would personally recommend.
1	Awful. I'm from the South, and I've had a more-than-fair share of barbecue from coast to coast. I know good from bad, so believe me when I tell you "awful." I should have known that something was wrong when I pulled up to a BBQ place and there was no smell of smoke. Uh-oh. My boyfriend and I ordered pulled pork (me) and brisket (him) with sides of fries, vegetables, slaw and mashed potatoes. The barbecue was either fatty and overcooked or overly wet from being kept too long on a steam table. There was no smoke taste, no smoke ring (and I love that pink ring on my barbecue), and the sauce was unmemorable. The sides were packaged, frozen and barely thawed before being served. Even the french fries were sub-par. I was shocked that the mashed potatoes had obviously come from a box. The food was wet, cold, and unappealing. It's slander to barbecue's good name to call Thee Pitts' offerings the same.My guest and I also got a mild case of food poisoning from the meal here; within an hour, we were both ill and miserable. We had completely different drinks, entrees and sides so I'm kind of suspicious about the cleanliness of the whole restaurant.I wish I could have the hour and a half of my life back that I wasted driving to and eating at Thee Pitts. Too bad that's not refundable.
2	I've had better BUT the best deep fried pickles were amazing & you probably won't find better BBQ in this town.
3	I had some family in town this past week and they were on a mission to try as many "Diners Drive-Ins and Dives" restaurants as they could.  The inside had the "dive" feel down, and the food was just ok. We had the rattlesnake appetizer just to say we had tried it.  The rest of the food was pretty ordinary.  I would have been more upset if it would have cost more, and I didn't have the heart to give this place 2 stars because the staff was very friendly and attentive.  But.....probably won't be going back.
4	I like this place! The sauce isn't overpowering, but still adds a strong enough flavor. Yams have always been large and cooked just right. If you are going to order an appetizer give the fried pickles a try!  More times than not I order the brisket platter.  Always has been piled high too! The only sandwich I have had that was too greasy was the combo. That one gives you some pork, and beef. The slaw is one of the better sides I've had in the Valley.  The service can get slow if the place gets slammed.
2	This place is beyond overrated.Why anyone would call this good BBQ is beyond me. I ordered all of their most popular items, as I usually do when trying someplace new. I was assured by our waitress that we were making the right choices. Maybe we chose wrong, but in the event we did make good decisions ordering, then the bad move was coming here in the first place.My meal started with corn on the cob. It was mushy and watery. It seemed as though it was made MUCH earlier in the day. It should have been tossed instead of served to me. My beans were a saving grace, but were so basic that any place could have served them to me. Baked beans with meat in them... hmmm, tasty but not really innovative. The cornbread was a pathetic excuse for anything, as all it did was crumble and the "honey butter" they boasted was literally a bit of whipped butter with honey on top. It wasn't mixed, homemade, or anything positive.My entree was the pulled pork dinner. I have to be honest here, the guy who owns this restaurant should burn it down and start over at something he is good at. Maybe he could make an ego stroking business instead... I say this because of the constant loop of his news and food tv spots on the tv. I'm sorry dude but if I'm already in your restaurant, you don't need to show me shows that tell me I should go to your restaurant. Maybe this logic escapes you. The pork was downright AWFUL. Fucking pathetic. It had no taste, it was dry, and the sauce that I tried to use to save it was tasting just like ketchup.I say this in the nicest way possible, but you SUCK at BBQ. Go talk to Stacy and see if he will give you lessons. Just because you grilled at the family pot luck and everyone thought your food was tasty, doesn't mean you have any business starting a restaurant. You're no better than that episode of King of Queens where Kevin James makes good sandwiches and then tries to open a sandwich place and fails.P.S. buy the girl with the midget legs but tall person torso some stilts so she doesn't look so out of place. She reminded me of a Corgi.P.P.S. Your tivia is stupid. Instead of just putting the answer on the list, put down why the answer is what it is. The leading single game scorer is Wilt Chamberlain, you got the answer down, but why not put down how many points and when he did it? It's simple.
4	Another place I checked out thanks to Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.  However, I was a little disappointed overall.  The food was really good, don't get me wrong, but the place was empty and the food was not piping hot as you would expect as the only guests.  Maybe we just came at a bad time, but everyone still really enjoyed the food.  I had the ribs and although they were still tender and tasty, it felt like they had been reheated.  The bbq sauce was excellent!My wife had the pulled pork and she thought it was really good also.  I thought the pulled pork was definitely above average, but again probably not as hot or fresh as I would have liked.You gotta try the deep-fried twinkie... highlight of the afternoon!  SO GOOD!
5	I've been eating at TPA since they were in the old location on Cave Creek Road. They're quite a drive form our neighborhood, so it's a special trip now. Roger has it down; great smoked meats and a ton of really tasty sides. He's got a great house-made rub and sauce. I always get pulled pork or ribs. I like the pulled chicken and 1/4 chicken, which could come a little dry, but I don't care. Even though I don't eat beef much, folks seem to love the brisket. A must-have side is the fries. They use Brew City fries and top them with a special seasoning. Some other yelpers have complained about the slow service and about the temperature of the food. There are a lot of kids working there, and If you get an inexperienced server on a busy night it might not live up to your expectations. I've always had prompt service, re-fills, etc. and the food comes out when it's ready. With regard to the temperature, this is low and slow cooking. If it's cold, and you don't like it,  send it back!
3	Came here because of triple D again and the food was pretty good. Nothing spectacular. The fried zuccini's are really good though. If you're following the triple D spots, this isn't one you have to go out of your way to try...
3	Went here for dinner last night with the family. LIke a lot of people, we went based on the Guy Fieri recommendation on 3D. The food was quite tasty but the service was S-L-O-W! We waited almost 30 minutes for our appetizers! The server kept blaming the fryers for being slow. I don't know how accurate that is, but the place wasn't busy when we went there at 7PM on a Thursday night so I don't know what the deal was. As I've noticed in other reviews, this slow service seems to be the norm.We had the Cheese Squares and the Jalapeno poppers for appetizers. The Cheese Squares were amazing. Kind of like fried mac and cheese without the mac. TPA is working on a new recipe for their jalapeno poppers and they need to keep working on it. They core out the jalapenos and stuff them with cream cheese...then bread and fry them. Which all sounds fine but the jalapenos were still raw, the cream cheese has spilled out because they cored out the jalapenos so when you bite it, no matter where you bite it, the cream cheese is hot and liquid napalm on your tongue. Dinner was pretty tasty. I had pulled chicken with mashed potatoes. My son had breaded pork tenderloin with french fries and corn. Hubby had the pulled pork and cole slaw sandwich with baked beans. Our friend had the chicken and pork ribs dinner. Hubby and friend both had corn bread which just broke into a million pieces and really needs some work. The baked beans were flavorful. The mashed potatoes were real potatoes and even had a few authentic lumps for good measure. As I said, the food is good, but be prepared to wait a bit for the food to arrive and drinks to get refilled. Frankly, had the service been better, I would have definitely given this a 4 star review. Hopefully they will fix that problem soon.
4	I really enjoy good BBQ and Thee Pitts Again did not dissapoint!  My only surprise was how slow the service was, but I think it was worth the wait. Unlike a chain restaurant, the appetizers were home-made and not the generic Sysco food product of the day.  We had the cheese squares and they were awesome.  I had the pork n slaw sandwich and found the pork to be very tasty and tender and the house BBQ sauce was very good.  I am not saying this is the best BBQ in the world, but I believe there are very few great BBQ choices here in AZ.  I will definitely be back and look forward to trying more of their menu items.  PS:  The baked beans were good.  Corn bread was tasty but fell apart way too easy.
4	WOW!!!  --  We just returned from lunch at Thee Pitts.  We arrived around 11:15 and must have beaten the lunch rush.  The place was almost empty and we were seating as soon as we walked in.  The service was prompt and friendly.  I ordered the Brisket Sandwich with a salad.  The salad was brought out very quickly and I was surprised that it was a full size salad.  It was fresh and tasty.  My wife ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich with Coleslaw.  Our lunch order was in front of us in about 15 minutes.  The protions were big.  The Sandwiches were about 3-4 inches thick, served on fresh rolls.  The sandwiches were covered in bbq sauce but not drowning in it.  You could always add more if you like.  We thought the flavor was very good!  Lunch was a little pricey but worth it.  We have been to many different places for lunch and sometimes leave feeling like we didnt get our monies worth or that the expreience could have been better.  We did not feel that way when we left The Pitts.  Our lunch tab was about $25.00 for two people.
2	Ugh I didn't go here because of Guy Fieri either, I was actually dragged against my will... and just to let everyone know up front, my review won't be about bbq. I'll save that for an update if I ever feel like coming back here.Waitress, slow and absolutely hating life. Chili, not that great and too much of a smoky flavor for me personally. And last but certainly not least - the Mac & Cheese. It was awful...just straight from the Kraft box!  And not even made well - too watery, hardly any flavor. To the waitress's credit, she did offer me another type of Mac & Cheese but said that it would take about 30 minutes to make. I would have taken her up on the offer, but I was already hungry and not about to wait a half an hour just to be potentially disappointed again.So if I ever come back here (big IF) then I will be happy to update my review and I'll even try some of their bbq...it would only be appropriate since this is a bbq place.
3	To start, this was really closer to 3.5 stars.  I stopped in for lunch, as when it has been raining out I for some reason get a strong desire for Q, and it was the weekend so I had the time to come this far west.  I was by my self, but I was seated promptly and the waitress was attentive even though she was handling a very large party (13 people, which had to be split out between several tables).  As this was my first time there, I ordered the pulled pork and brisket combo plate, with potato salad (house made, on the recommendation of the waitress) and beans as the sides: it also came with cornbread with honey butter.  Everything came out quickly and hot, with the cornbread noticeably fresh and light (nothing really special, but executed well).  There was a bit too much honey in the honey butter, as it started to break when applied to the warm cornbread.  The potato salad was fresh, but bland to my taste (although it did serve as a good palate cleanser between bites of meat).  The beans were runny and overly sweet, and best forgotten.Now to the real reason to go to any BBQ place, the meat!  The brisket was tender, but sliced so thin that there was very little appreciable texture to the meat.  There was a smoke ring, but the meat seemed a little bit overdone for my tastes: not bad, but Bobby Q's brisket has them beat hands down.  However, the pulled pork, which is what has won them championships, is definitely the star.  Very flavorful, they made sure my portion had some of that delicious exterior that builds up the carmelization through the smoking process, with very tender, juicy meat that was done perfectly.  The sauce was ok, but it definitely needed the liberal application of hot sauce (they had Chalula on the table, next time I will ask for tobasco).  Most of the meal was forgettable, but put it this way: I ordered an extra pound of the pulled pork to take home with me :).
5	Dinner - last Sunday, after a weekend of baseball, before another lousy Southwest Airlines delayed flight home.This place was hog heaven - smelled great before we opened the car door.  Pig and bbq-themed decor in a diner setting; very friendly and attentive service - and the food was Carolina bbq as good as, if not better then, what we had on out travels in Carolina a few years ago.Large portions, perfectly smoked - I had a sampler platter of just about everything, and the pulled pork and pulled bbq turkey were the absolute best; brisket and ribs that I could live on for years.  Fall off the bone, tender, smokey, with a fine table sauce available ... but not really needed.Sides of slaw and cornbread were as southern as they should be ... bbq beans a bit of a letdown - where's the scraps of meats? - but you go for the que, not the sides.But leave room for dessert - the deep fried twinkie, a dish I've had in a half-dozen locations, was the best I've tried.  Not greasy, perfectly breaded, touch of sugar on top - it's a must have!!Not soul-style, not Texas style, not Kansas City style - but real Carolina bbq.  And by far the best bbq I've had in 8 tries in the Phoenix area!  Can't wait to go back during spring traininging 2011.
4	Great food. Got the combo platter so I could try everything. The pulled pork was by far the best. Pork ribs and brisket were great too. Lost one star for slow service on a moderately busy night.
3	3 ladies of 3 different generations walk into a BBQ place in search of ribs. 2 of the ladies: Aunt Paula, 60's, my Grandma Kane, 87. Both little ladies, under 5 feet tall but with big personalities, their New York accents peppered with Jewish phrases and then me, 36, with my fire orange hair, we were a sight for sure. We were suppose to go to another place that has been a staple in my Grandmother's visits for years but it had closed down. The staff was friendly and our server Nickola (I think) was gracious and accommodating in every way. My Aunt Paula, on a diet, wanted the smoked shrimp but without the shrimp being smoked, just grilled. Not a problem here. My Grandma wanted 2 different types of dressing for her salad, on the side of course and not to much sauce on the ribs darling, what she calls everyone. We both had the half rack of ribs and I have to say I was satisfied. The sauce was a great mixture of tanginess and smoke, the meat fall off the bone succulent. The ribs were smaller than other places and somewhat fatty, but not bad at all. The place was very much a diner so the salad dressing choices were limited and I would bet not home made. That is fine but I make my own dressings so I am a dressing snob of sorts. The mash potatoes and gravy reminded me of home, which was great since I was sharing the meal with family. The cornbread was super yummy and I loved the butter. One little touch that won my heart over though had nothing to do with food. On each table was a laminated booklet advertising local businesses but on each page was trivia questions! I love trivia and if it was just a regular dining night, not a special I haven't seen you in ages meal, I would have been all over that trivia. You can get a great meal and reasonable prices and learn something, my kind of place. It is in Glendale which is really far from my Tempe abode but my Aunt Paula said she is definitely going back and bringing her grandsons.
1	This place gave me Thee Shitts Again.For my 100th review, I wanted really badly to go to Pizzeria Bianco but that damned place has a 4-hr wait! Anyway- what's another place that was on a food show?! Oh yeah--- The Pitts Again! Guy Fieri said it was good, let's give it a try!I ordered the Meat Sampler- meat, meat and more meat! Well it was chopped chicken, chopped pork, pork ribs, beef ribs, brisket, beef shoulder, etc. For our sides we got corn bread with honey butter and mashed potatoes. The meat plate was exhausting. Everything felt kinda dry. There was a pile of "chopped" meats that had the consistency of dog food. (shudders). I picked at my plate and made my way to the beef shoulder. Dear lord, this was the greasiest, fattiest piece of ass I ever put in my mouth. Ack!The best part of the meal were the individually wrapped Jelly Belly Beans that was served with the check. Get me outta here!Sure as shit.... the next morning-- I was paying for my mistake of coming to this place. F.U. Guy Fieri.
3	I have had this place when service was REALLY good and when it was REALLY bad. It just happens to be my brothers fav so we went again last Sunday. The wait staff took over 8 minutes to acknowledge our presence once we were seated, and then another 6 minutes to bring our drinks. I normally would let this slide but there were maybe 5 tables of patrons and 3 waitresses at 2 in the afternoon. The other waitresses were bustin their butts, we just happened to get stuck with the lousy one. We ordered fried pickles and chili cheese fries to start. The fried pickles are always great so no complaints there, but the chili cheese fries were not my cup-o-tea. I want chili carne or chili sauce on my fries - not a bunch of beans. We all had various BBQ meat sandwiches which were pretty standard and also pretty greasy but I guess that comes with the territory when you are eating BBQ. I am not a Guy Fieri fan - not sure if its due to the fact that he started pimping TGI Fridays or that he looks like he's the lead singer for a Smash Mouth cover band but it slightly annoys me that Thee Pitts Again has his face plastered all over. We get it Thee Pitts Again - you were on TV once...Awesome...Now let me eat my ribs.
2	the little man wanted to check out the restaurant with pigs in the front.  i remember coming to this place years ago and not being very impressed, but decided to give it another shot after little-man brought it up for the umpteenth time.  the food was okay, but definitely not the best bbq ive ever had.  the service was okay but i felt like the food took too long for bbq.  apparently, little-man's food wasn't very impressive, either, because he hasn't asked and for a 4 yr old, he's quite the connoisseur.
5	There is a reason why this place has literally dozens of ribbons from bbq competitions across the country.  The pork ribs are consistently meaty and full of smoky goodness.  The times I have eaten there, the service was very good.  The last time i ate there, the waiter almost insisted I try a deep fried twinkie, and he was right- it was filthy good.  I haven't tried anything but the pig, but i am sure they can do chicken and cow pretty good too.
2	Was not impressed! the bun and fries were good! The beans and slaw were not very good!!! The bbq meat was ok but not anywhere near as good as Kansas City bbq. The man vs Food review was way off!!!
5	Whatever, looked at a lot of reviews for this place...most of them were not so great. I think on a different site, I read a review saying some girl thought her dad's bbq was way better...and he agreed. First of all, NO, and second of all...kids don't know food. So what happened when I went there, we went there late ish...like 8 maybe and there was not many people there. I guess it was because it really isn't as good as I thought it was, or people in arizona retire early due to the incredible heat. who knows?! I ordered the three meats dinner plate with the ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. you know that feeling when you eat something yummy and you're instantly happy? yeah that's what it was...the food was tender as advertised, and it was just fun to eat. The ribs fell off the bone as they should, and the brisket and pulled pork just worked. It was just fun to chew and eat that meat. The bbq did go on everything, and I can see that if you did not like the sauce, this place might not be good for you, but it worked well for me. I ended up trying to finish everything I could, but could not finish the plate. I think my meal was 16ish? something low like that for the amount of meat and really sweet cornbread. So, just go in there knowing that you'll be eating tender meat with a sweet/tangy sauce and you'll be happy. I do suggest you get brisket, ribs, and turkey...and head to arizona when it's not so hot..or maybe because it was hot i needed the salt to replenish my electrolytes? just go!!
4	Still 3.5 Ryan C and I were craving BBQ since ole Grady was on Vacation this week. The choice was Love Joys and Pitts... Pitts was good, the pulled pork seemed a bit mushy in places and the egg bun seemed a bit heavy. The sauce was a little sweet with the sweet of the bun and the Dr Pepper was a little too much. We asked for some Spicy BBQ sauce and it helped a lot. The Tater salad was still good but not as good as the last time. Service was good but there were only 6 other people and had two servers. Price was reasonable for the portions and the desserts sounded good but we did not have any.
3	I saw this place in an episode of Triple D and had to give it a try. Guy Fieri may have ruined it for me because I had high expectations, that the restaurant just didn't meet.  Maybe its because I'm a regular at Phil's BBQ, the best BBQ joint in San Diego.The food was just ok, nothing spectacular or worth going back for. We ordered our food to go and got the beef rib, whole chicken and brisket. The whole chicken was moist, cook perfectly and very tasty. However, their sauce is a little more tangy than sweet, and I wasn't too crazy about it. The ribs were not tender and the brisket was just bland. Next time I'm in the Phoenix area and start to crave BBQ,  I'm  visiting Famous Dave's instead.
3	We decided to try this place out on our weekly eat out night. We'll I did, daughter and wife wanted to eat at Chili's! So I put my foot down and demanded we eat here!!! Boy did I get in trouble! I enjoyed their pulled pork and slaw sandwich on an onion roll, their fries and jalapenos peppers were also good. So I was happy! Daughter did not like her chicken strips, which did not have any taste, and she was OK with the onion rings. Wife hated the potato salad and made me try it since we were eating their in the first place. That almost made me gag!!! It was horrible! Over all this place is an hit and miss place, some items are good, some are not. Are you willing to make that chance? I might, but it will be with out my wife and daughter!
1	It's a really sad thing when the final meal of an outstanding vacation is a lousy one. We had spent a week in San Francisco, foodie nirvana, dining on Indonesian, Basque and Moroccan cuisines. On the last leg of our journey we reached Phoenix at about 1PM. We were tired, hungry, and hadn't been able to find the restaurant we were planning on going to, so as a default we ended up at Thee Pitts Again, a BBQ joint on Bell Road at about 57th Ave.      When Thee Pitts Again had first opened it had been pretty good, with a few out-of-the-ordinary entrees, like smoked turkey, available. Over the years, I felt it had gone down hill. This visit more than confirmed my opinion. The place was almost empty. We sat on the side usually reserved for groups (tables and chairs as opposed to booths). It felt like a nursing home dining room, trying to be kindergarten cheerful. I became more depressed by the minute.      We decided to share a slab of ribs - ordering potato salad and fresh fruit as our sides. Our dishes arrived almost instantly, really not a good sign. Especially since it looked like nursing home food. The ribs were on one plate, with pools of orange fat and a lone piece of decorative kale. They had a slightly off smell, but the taste was even worse. Either they had been reheated on a dirty grill, or they had spent a lot of time absorbing odors in the refrigerator (or both). YUCK. The potato salad had turned grey with age and was inedible. It matched my mood. The corn bread was served with margarine... What more can I say?     A few years ago Thee Pitts Again had made it onto the Food Network show Diners, Drive Ins & Dives. The chef/owner had won many prizes at BBQ cook-offs. Too bad there was no competitive spirit in the restaurant. It sure was a loser.
4	So far this is my favorite BBQ place I have been in the valley.  I stayed away from the pulled pork as I read in many reviews this was a bad meal.  I ordered the ribs a half slab which had two sides the beer battered fries which were really good and the bbq beans which were the highlight of the meal.  They were full of flavor and I wanted more.  The ribs were really good I enjoyed the sauce.  If you are looking for a good BBQ spot this is a great one to try out just for most it may be a journey of a drive luckily I work close.
3	I was a bit disappointed with the pulled pork. It seemed to be a tad under-cooked. It had a nice smoke ring but there was a lot of fat in my sandwich.The atmosphere is great and the waiter was helpful and friendly. With all the self-promotion about all the BBQ competitions they have won, you think their pulled pork would better than what I could make in my backyard.My wife leaned over and said, "Your BBQ is better than this!" I guess I'll have to try the ribs or the brisket next time.
5	Ate here again with my son.  The appetizer "cheese squares" were just simply amazing!  Service was quick, efficient, and friendly.  The ribs we shared were delicious, hot, and tender.  Both my son and I agreed we would be back!Enjoy!
3	As far as BBQ goes, this place is pretty good.  Had to try Thee Pitts Again after driving by and seeing this place all lite up like a 60's Dinner.  When you walk in you know your in good hands after seeing all of the trophies they have won over the years.We started with their fried cheese squares and fried pickles.  Both were very good. My friend had never had a fried pickle so it was truly a treat for him. I had a pulled pork sandwich with the slaw on top. It was very good, pork was tender and dried out.  Their fries were ok.  My friend had their ribs which to our surprise had a lot of fat on them.  If they smoked their ribs for hours you would think there would be little fat if any left in them providing they were trimmed before cooking.  We told our server and she stated "no one ever complains about our ribs"... Based on their pulled pork and apps we will visit them again but we won't get ribs. Maybe try their brisket instead.
3	Anyone kind enough to smoke meat and serve it on a regular basis deserves an automatic 3 stars. But Thee Pitts gets no more from me. My 3 meat sample dinner included ribs. I was served the last few ribs on the tapered end of the rack, which were naturally the most overcooked. The meat was dried up and splintered. Any self respecting BBQer will sacrifice at least the last rib as the "chefs cut" and just eat it himself, l'est a critic like me think less of you. A little heavy on the black pepper in the mashed potatoes too. But that's just my preference.
3	Stopped by for the first time today after driving by this place 1000 times, ordered a chicken bbq sandwich to go and ended up with a pulled pork.  Not my favorite but it wasn't horrible, the bbq sauce was very good.  I was not a fan of the baked beans but since I will have to go back and get the chicken again sometime soon I will try something else.  The place is very casual inside with lots of stuff going on, kind of a 50's style diner.  I will have to review it again after I get what I ordered since I occasionally crave a good bbq sandwich.
1	If I could give it zero stars I would. Service was slow and horrible. I tried the meat sampler which looked like they cut open someone's stomach who had recently eaten BBQ, boiled it up, drowned it in BBQ sauce and then served me that mess. Greasy, disgusting...I almost crapped myself on the way home. Seriously, I almost didn't make it. All I can say is that Guy Fieri is a total f$%^ing whore for recommending this dump.If you really want to go there, make sure you wear diapers before eating.
3	You know, atmosphere DOES matter. And the twangy country music did bother me.As did the Pepto pink walls. However, the food was damned good. I had the pork and cole slaw sandwich with BBQ beans (cole slaw, potato salad and BBQ beans all home made). It was delish but HUGE...enough to split.My husband had the brisket sandwich and BBQ beans and loved it. Both were excellent, and I'll go back sometime when I'm in a better mood to tolerate the country twang and pink walls, but seriously, this is good food.
4	Ma and Pa restaurant on the middle of Bell? Pigs, cows, and 1950 are the only themes in this restaurant... a nice change from all of the generic chains that dominate Glendale. Did I mention they have deep-fried twinkies? Rattlesnake appetizer? Drool inducing BBQ sauce? Only negative is that the portions are very modest for an American diner. Definitely a down-to-earth BBQ place that is worth checking out.
4	It's my one and only BBQ place. The service isn't the greatest...it usually sucks but the food keeps me coming back.
5	Pretty much the best barbeque I've ever eaten.  I ordered the pulled pork and the beef brisket with sides of mashed potatoes and corn bread.  The pulled pork was so perfectly tender and seasoned that it practically melted in my mouth. In fact it was so good it brought tears to my eyes.  The beef brisket had a picture perfect smoke ring around it and a delicious crust while the inside remained moist.Pretty much everything on my plate was FANTASTIC.I will say that their service was as slow as molasses on a winter's day in North Dakota, and the atmosphere is a little garish, but the food more than makes up for it.I've already made plans to drag everyone I know back to eat at Thee Pitts Again, and hopefully this time these service will be as spot-on as their food.
3	My quest for good BBQ continues after visiting Thee Pitts Again.  Don't take me wrong, this is a lovely and unique place and their BBQ is pretty good.  But after Guy raved about them on "Triple D" and after seeing all their trophies everywhere you would think this would be "porky heaven" or "BBQ's Best in Phoenix" but that wasn't the case. Service ~ was good despite my appreciation from a few other Yelp reviews.  Like in another Scott W's review, our server was brutally honest with us and made some good recommendations and also told us what to stay away from, like the side of mac-n-cheese and side salad. Not sure if the owners are aware of this?Decor ~ it's a BBQ place so my expectations were not very high to begin with, which they met those expectations to a tee.Food ~ We had there fried pickles as an app.  They were pickle spears and not the usual slices.  They were hot, tangy with a little crunch from the breading. The ranch dip made them delish!  Rack of ribs and a pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw and sides of fries, slaw and potato salad.  The ribs needed to be trimmed ~ they were too fatty and blah.  I said something to our server and she came back with a new order.  These too were a little fatty but not as bad.  They were cooked and seasoned well with a wet rub. Their BBQ sauce is on the sweeter side.  The pulled pork sandwich was A~OK.  It needed the BBQ sauce for balance and wetness.  Their sides were pretty good, which we ate them all but left some rib pieces behind! I know... this is sacrilegious to BBQ officiando's but they were too fatty.  This is a A~OK place for good BBQ especially the fried pickles.  They are reasonably priced and seemed to have a good following of regulars.  We will give them another try some day soon.
4	I would have preferred to send this to the owners/managers of Three Pitts Again but they do not have an email address on their web site. The meat is to die for. Brisket, pulled pork outstanding. They forgot to put cole slaw on mine and I didn't think about it until I left. Would like to have tried it. BBQ sauce excellent. BBQ beans were very good but too too too much sauce. This is a common problem with BBQ beans. My wife had mashed potatoes and gravy with her meat. Instant potatos and jar gravy. If you are going to sell potatoes in a resturant, either go to Costco and buy their's or make your own. Same with the gravy. This is no place to cut corners. Still highly recommend the place but only for the meat. The roll was also fresh and good. Small beers.
2	I will never understand how this establishment made it onto any TV show about good diners, dives, and whatever.I've only had one experience here, which means that my judgement may be a little harsh, but I hated my food. I ordered a pulled turkey sandwich, because I'm not a fan of any form of pork product. The turkey was dry, and was obviously being drowned in bbq sauce in order to try and cover the course texture. I barely got a few bites down before giving up.The decor is interesting. It is eclectic, but not in a way that matches. Our waitress was really nice.It's tough to say if I will ever go here again, it's probably safe to say no, but who knows? I may give it ago another time in the future.
4	I've lived in the Arrowhead/Glendale/Peoria area for 15 years now, and though I've always seen this shiny little neon-lit diner, I just stopped in to try their food for the first time.  I've been missing out!The 50's diner atmosphere is complete with shiny metal plated walls and ceiling.  We were greeted fairly quickly, and ordered our drinks.  Now, the first time I visit any BBQ place (or any restaurant, really...), I look for a big meaty sampler platter.  At Thee Pitts Again, they had just that, a combo platter with just about every meat except hot links, so we got a hot link sammich too.And a $5 milkshake.  I don't know if it was worth $5, but it was pretty darn good...  :-)The food was perfect.  Everything we tried was awesome, and while they only have one sauce (that I knew of), that's all they needed.  The service was great, too;  Our waitress was attentive and friendly.  The prices were decent; we got the manly meat platter, sandwich, soda, and milkshake for around $30, and we had a TON of leftovers.All in all, it was a great dinner, and a fun BBQ joint.  I'll definitely be going back!
4	So, my first impression wasn't great...the atmosphere is not my cup of tea.  The pink  walls and the pigs everywhere was a little garish, but I guess it did keep me entertained while waiting for our sampler platter.  The fried cauliflower was awesome!!!  The fried zucchini was my second favorite.  Their breading was light and crisp...Mmm...I ordered a half-rack of ribs for dinner.  They were well smoked, but a little dry.  A companions ribs were cold when they arrived and the server promptly returned with a different rack.  (Bonus points for not chucking them in a microwave and dropping them back at the table)  When you go, be ready to eat.  My half-rack came with well-seasoned and all-around-tasty french fries, corn-on-the-cob, cornbread w/ honey butter, and WHOA was it a lot of food.  4 of 5 stars because the ribs were a B+ average and the decor was a little gaudy for me, but I'll be going back for more fried apps and a taste of the pulled pork or chicken!
3	My friend and I went here because it was on TV.The decor was nice and service was great despite us coming in near closing.Our food came out cold and was just alright.
4	Great food and they have deep fried rattle snake yum.
3	Alright, a majority of that which anyone with 1 star has said has been garbage. I've been going to the pits for about...two years. First, when they were on that Guy's show (Dinner's, Drive In, whatever) for the second time and then to this current day. Decor; yes, it is trashy. It's pepto pink and green with out of place lawn ornaments in the shape of flying and cooking pigs. Guess what else has tacky decor? Outback Steakhouse and Olive Garden. I promise Australian and Italians restaurants do NOT have decor like that. If anything they are a mockery of culture. At least The Pitts isn't afraid to show a bit of personality. Even if, let's face it, country music is TERRIBLE. About the time they were on DD&D my boyfriend and I went. The food was dry, and the place was crammed and loud and I hated it. There was a lady with black hair and glasses who screamed at her employee's too loudly (you could hear her from the back all the way in the sit down/ non booth room) and larger woman who just audibly complained about everything to customers.  But the rest of the waitresses (while rushed) were very nice and seemed entirely serious about REAL customer service. That didn't save me from hating the place, though. But then about 6 months later I got dragged back by a friend. And the food WAS THE BEST BARBECUE I'VE EVER HAD. Famous Dave's can SUCK IT. I asked my waitress what changed. She said that they had been making so much food thanks to the DD&D showing that it was hard to maintain the same level of practicality on some of their foods because they were being rushed. For instance, their pulled chicken sandwiches were becoming dry because they had to make it in larger batches and couldn't perfect the new batch ratios. Atleast, that's what she told me. And it makes sense...the second time I was there the food was amazing, but I could actually hear myself think. It was quiet--not empty, but not busy with a line out the door. So, afew things that you should know: The Home Made Mac and Cheese: Is very good, but you can buy the Stouffer's Home Mad and sprinkle some bread crumbs on it before baking. The Pitts is better, but only slightly, and it's also 5 bucks more expensive chicken strips app: AMAZING chicken strips. I like to get mine with ranchThe Beef Special: We used to have these all the time in Michigan. It's a sandwich bun with a lot of shredded beef and gravy and mashed potatoes on top. It's probably the best meal ever if you love gravy The Seasonal Fruit: the grapes are good, canteloup is always sweet and tender...everything else seems plastic-y. Rattlesnake: tastes like chicken, don't waste your money. The pulled chicken and pork: DO sometimes come out dry, but other times really tender. Not sure why. The ribs have always been amazing. Always. The corn is so so, chili is so so, mac and cheese is from the box. The coleslaw can be salty, but is otherwise very goodThe Deep Fried Twinky: Just don't ask, try it. I recommend with ice cream. The Strawberry Shortcake is soso, I don't personally like their milkshakes, as they're malty--but they aren't chalky, just a little thick for me. Their smoothies are good. That's about all I've eaten there...but their customer service is GREAT. The best, you really don't get customer service like this any where else. My dad was interested in their smoking process, so the owner's husband (or maybe he is the owner??) took my dad back and showed him everything. Just, on a whim. In the middle of dinner. My dad said he was interested, and they just brought him back! You have to respect an establishment that can service a customer like that--and, my dad said it was super clean back there as far as food industry kitchens are concerned. All and all I feel like the first time reviews are a little harsh, but I can't blame someone for not wanting to waste their money on something they weren't pleased with. But after my first experience the waitresses have always offered me something else if I didn't like what I got initially, no questions asked. This place, while it lacks decor taste, has a lot of integrity. Not sure if the store owners read this site, or any site for that manner, but I want to say thank you for hiring such great waiting staff (busser included, even if I think my favorite busser left) the past two years I've been here.
2	Well I am a diehard Diners drive-ins and dives follower so I had to check out this spot... I will have to say really friendly staff but really slow service... Guy must have been suffering from sleep deprivation from his travels this was not good BBQ... The corn was just gross had to have been boiled in water for hours so over cooked. The chicken was so so and the beef brisket and pretty good pulled pork was ok... I was so disappointed with my experience here  the service was so slow they gave us two free beers it kind of made it a little better but not really will not be going back.
3	Sorry for the price and portions, not a deal. I know BBQ. do some myself. I rather goto one of the chains then here.
1	I really wanted to like this place knowing the owner is a world champion of bbq but obviously he isn't involved with managing the restaurant. The brisket was garbage, the corn bread was equivalent to a scotchpad and the beans were just ok. Their mac n cheese is kraft...??? Can't a bbq restaurant make their own? I thought they usually do.I did like the sauce. I may give them another chance and then edit this review after that but it may be awhile until I work up the courage to eat there again.A day after eating here, I nicknamed this place "Thee Pots" because that's where you will spend part of your day after eating here.
3	Good ribs and big portions!!!  service is always good too.
2	2.5 starsFor a place that was featured on Diners, Dives & Drive Ins, I expected A LOT better. My boyfriend and I ordered the half slab of pork ribs and a combo platter. The ribs came out super dry and the meat in the combo platter was cold. The only thing that I thought was tasty were the french fries which had a unique seasoning that made it very good. The cold slaw was on the salty side and the mashed potatoes with gravy was pretty good. Like everyone else has mentioned, service here is quite good. The servers and waiters were really friendly, but the food is what's suppose to make an establishment and quite frankly, the food was sub par and we were only able to take a few bites before deciding to give up. We are definitely not coming back.
3	I have seen Thee Pitts Again on Bell road many times but never gone in. We was in Silverton Colorado a week ago and there is a Thee Pitts Again there. It has closed 15 min before we found it. We noticed a address for Glendale Az on their truck. Found they had been featured on The Food Network Dinners, Drive-ins, and Dives. When we got home we thought lets give them a try. Interior of building done up much like most BBQ places I have eaten. Cute sayings about pigs and stuff like that. I thought it was fitting the place.  We was seated quickly and our waiter was very attentive. My wife ordered the pulled pork sandwich with french fries. I had the brisket and the fruit dish. Everything tasted good. Not exceptional. No WOW this is good. I thought the food just average. I thought the food proportions was generous for what you paid. The brisket was a vey nice cut of meat. I don't think you could of gotten a better cut. It just did not have the BBQ flavor. The fruit dish was a disappointment. It came with cantaloupe, orange, grapes. The grapes was all dried out and should of been discarded last week.  I tried their BBQ sauce. (they have only one)(they need more selection) Again it was ok but no WOW. I will try them again everyone deserves a second chance. I will try  something different next time.
3	It was...Ok.The service and barbeque sauce were good, and the french fries were delicious.However, the pink walls were just too much, the sandwich I got seemed a little dry, and overpriced, my brother got the potato salad which was nothing special.OK restaurant, may go back in 10 years or so
3	I haven't been to Thee Pitts again in a while, but I wanted to give it a review now as I intend to return soon.Had I reviewed this place a few years ago, upon my first couple of visits, I would have rated it a 4 or 5 but based on my last experience I'm going to have to take it down to a 3.  What many recent reviewers have shared was my experience too; dry and/or cold ribs (beef and pork) and brisket.  The pulled pork sandwich has always been a real pleaser, but as of late all of the barbecue I've eaten has lacked the smokiness all good barbecue should convey.From my most recent experience and the most recent reviews, I fear the proprietors may have either stopped caring or are resting on the laurels of their exposure on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives.  I'll be returning sometime in the not too distant future for a final verdict.
2	I am going to add to the consensus of "I just don't get why this place wins so many awards" and "Why was this place featured on DD&D?" We were with a large party so I was able to sample many of the dishes. That being said, nearly all of the meats tasted the same. The two exceptions were the steak and the chicken fingers. The ribs, brisket, pulled pork and even the ham all tasted the same. The food tasted good enough but I feel i get better barbecue at the to-go place down the road that here. Dessert was good (no one had the fried twinkie) but again, just good. The atmosphere is way over the top. However, based on previous reviews I knew that going in. I would love to say that adds to what the restaurant is all about, but it really doesn't make sense. The service was good. Nothing amazing but not horrible. There was a period where the server disappeared and for a group of our size it was kind of annoying. But, the server knew their stuff so that was appreciated.Would I visit again? Probably not. Do I regret going? No.
3	Like many others here, we had seen the TV episode and decided to stop in while shopping in the area.  We liked it for the most part and this is one of the few new restaurants we've tried lately that we would visit again. BBQ joints are supposed to be kind of funky, so we weren't expecting pristine decor and were okay with the homey "lived in" ambiance.We both had the pulled pork sandwich--an excellent choice.  Mine had the coleslaw in the sandwich and it was yummy!  The fries were hot and crispy and not greasy and the coleslaw was nicely crisp with a creamy dressing that was not too sweet or gloppy.  The service was good--drinks were refilled promptly.  I agree with other reviewers about food temperature-- that while our sandwiches weren't cold, they weren't exactly piping hot either.   The BBQ sauce is spicy and on the sweet side, which I like.  The prices are very reasonable.  One word of warning -- don't sit near the back of the restaurant.  The bathrooms (both men's and ladies) are absolutely disgusting and the smell the night we were there was like rotten onions and it wafted out into the dining area every time the doors opened or closed.  Even my male dining partner was grossed out, and there's very little that phases him.
2	A big fan of Guy Fieri and Diners Drive In's and Dives we have been looking forward to visiting Thee Pitts Again. Typically the parking lot is full and the place always looks packed but on this Sunday night neither were true so we pulled in for dinner. Service was very attentive but to the point and not a lot of friendly banter...no biggie. Our appetizers came out and were huge onion rings and fried pickles. They were yummy but really way too big of a portion. Our food came out in a short amount of time I ordered the beef brisket and my companion ordered the combo platter. Being that it was our first visit we wanted a sampling of everything. Unfortunately everything had a weird taste to it??? The only thing that we could figure is that maybe it wasn't the best meat?? The mashed potatoes and gravy were good :) but the cole slaw was ehhh ok. Unfortunately we won't be back because you can find much better tasting food for that price. It really sucks to have to pay $60.00 for dinner that tasted kinda icky :(
4	As I'm visiting Phoenix for two months I thought I would eat my way through the Diners, Drive-ins and Dives stops.  The first thing that hit me was the great smoke scent outside of Thee Pits Again.  Once inside I was quickly greeted and given a seat.  The staff was very friendly and quick to take my drink order.  I got a sweet tea and really was not impressed with I at all, would not get it again.  I ordered the pulled pork and slaw and was amazed how quickly it was brought to the table.  The slaw had a sweet flavor to it with pretty good crunch.  It actually gave off hints of blackberry to me, which I thought was good, not sure if anyone else got that flavor.  The pulled pork, on an onion roll, was good but I was expecting a lot more since they were on DDD.  The BBQ sauce was also OK, but nothing to write home about.  I got a side of BBQ beans and again thy were good but not fantastic.  All in all I would go back but I isn't something I would crave.
4	I am from Kansas City , I have eaten all of Kansas City's Best Q. This place is by far the Best I have had in Phoenix . If you know of a better place I would love to hear about but give this BBQ a try, it makes me miss Kansas City
2	While roadtripping from Iowa to California, we decided to stop at a few places featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives, to see if they were worth the fuss.  This place, I'm sorry to say, was NOT.  We travelled about 20 miles out of our way to eat here, and we were disappointed.  We got there a bit late for lunch, which might explain why our food all seemed reheated, and insufficiently.  Pulled pork and sliced brisket were both lukewarm at best and slightly rubbery as though they had been reheated.  Beer battered fries were cold, and so nearly inedible (would have probably been very tasty if hot and fresh).The place was also located in a mall parking lot in an old, cheesy 50s style diner, and the decor and location were underwhelming.  I prefer my BBQ places to be authentic hole-in-the-wall type places with a more rustic ambience.  The food and the atmosphere of a good BBQ place should remind us that there's a smokestack going out back - here, I found that very hard to believe.
3	So after eating here a few times, I thought it was time to give an opinion. When you walk in, you see the Diners, Drive-ins and Dives promo, which makes you think this should be good. The decor is very  "we sell pig here", lol. No other way to describe it. There are pigs of every variety. Glass, painted, sculpted, metal, etc... you get the idea. The service on this trip was average. We ordered the pulled pork sandwich with the grilled veggies. I had a cup of chili to start. The idea that it is homemade onsite makes me very happy. Sadly the chili this trip was not up to par. It was very salty. I returned the cup to the server and waited for my sandwich. Our sandwiches arrived looking juicy & delicious. These were not disappointing. The bbq was tasty, the meat tender. The veggies were slightly crunchy and grilled to perfection. I love the smoky flavor they give them. While I may not order the chili again, I have yet to be disappointed by the sandwiches. I think there is definitely room for improvement where service is concerned and maybe a little more quality control in the kitchen, but overall we are ok with eating here. They do make a mean milkshake here, btw.
4	Love the food! Fried pickles, combo plates, french fries... everything is yummyliciouness, as my Ava says. The food is worth coming again.They also sell bracelets that are beautiful. They have the "Diners and Dives" books and other collectibles. I will be coming again with the family. :)
1	BEWARE, THIS PLACE IS NOT WHAT IT SEEMS!The service is terrible, we waited 10 minutes before our drink order was taken. When we got our meals, 2 half racks of ribs with potatoes and cornbread, they were both served cold and needed to be sent back. When we asked to speak with a manager, another server came out and talked to us, whom was not a manager. When we DEMANDED to speak to a manager, they sent out some guy not in a uniform, covered in tattoos, who claimed to be the manager. He was very rude and it seemed like we were bothering him with our complaint. When we told him about the problem we were having, he took our plates back to the kitchen, and brought us another half rack of ribs each, they were just as dry as the first ones. It seemed like they just stuck it in the microwave and slapped some BBQ sauce on it. The thing that bothered me the most, and gave me the motivation to come here and write this review, was the fact that after he brought out our replacement ribs, i could hear him and another waiter, bad mouthing us from the kitchen for complaining about the overcooked food. What kind of business will insult a customer due to their food being served cold and overcooked.  This place has gone downhill. I'll never return, and I would go out of my way to deter anyone from wasting their money at this place.
2	Was like any other typical bbq place. Unsure why there was so much hype. Service was slow. Food was tepid.
4	2nd visit here and it was soooooo much better the 2nd trip. YUM!
2	After seeing  this restaurant on a food TV special we figured we would check it out.  We first noticed that their parking lot smelled of sewer.  Their  food was mediocre at  best.  I ordered the chili that was not up to standards on temperature, however, their fried mushroom were awesome and freshly made.  I wasn't wowed by their customer service either.
3	I would say solid 3 for sure. Came here because of Triple D (love that show, can you tell?). It was pretty close to closing time (hate doing that but couldn't help it this time) so it seemed like the waitresses were eager to get us seated and our drinks and food and out of there. But, I understand. Ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it was decent. Nothing to rave about unfortunately. The other people in my party felt the same way about their food. It was good but not that good (sorry Guy not that great here...I've had WAY better at other places..Calhouns in Murrieta!!).I did love their sauce and they sell it so you can take it home! YAY! Loved the random weird unique decor. We sat at the booth and it was really worn feeling and I felt like a 6 year old sitting down.But, I would actually come back in the afternoon for lunch and try something else though.
4	Be ready to Eat when you come here.. We had the Fried pickles and the meat combo platter which my husband and I shared one of the sides was fruit and it was beautiful,,, prices very reasonable
4	Stopped in here for lunch yesterday... and had the pulled pork sandwich with the sole slaw... on an onion roll. Had the baked beans as a side... and of course Sweet Tea! I loved it. It was so damn good. The meal was about 9 bucks... a little steep in my opinion for a sandwich. The beans were really delicious with little morsels of BBQ beef in it. Unfortunately, I do not get out to this part of town too often, so i do not get to take advantage of all the BBQ goodness Thee Pitts has to offer. I am glad I get to check off another one of the Dinner, Drivins, and Dives restaurant off my list of must tries!
3	Good food. Good service. The only reason I'm not maxing out on stars is the interaction between who I guess was the owner and the waitresses. She was splitting hairs over a dead plant, grilled the girls about the last time they watered it, then proceeded to lecture them on why they should dust. We didn't see our waitress for nearly 20 mins while this was going on. Soured me just a tad. Good food though none the less.
1	Visited 6/2/12....So..... My quest for good BBQ in Arizona continues!!We actually took the time to drive across down just to visit this location.  My friend recommended it based on prior experiences from years ago.  And also because it made Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  Our hope was to find a better experience than our weekend prior. We were very disappointed!!  I had the meat combo.  It is a sampler of all the meats.  Brisket, Pulled Pork, Chicken pulled, Ribs - both Beef and Pork, Ham, and Chopped (a mix of chopped pork and ham?)  The meat had no appetizing appearance.  The taste was not much better.  The meat was dry on top and dry through out.   Ribs over cooked as the meat on pork ribs were falling off the bone. The available sauce on the table was basic. And when I asked for a hotter version of the BBQ sauce, I was brought another bottle that came cold (like out of the refrigerator) and it was not very spicy - even for my friend. The sides were disappointing.  The Baked Beans tasted much like they came out of a can.  The Cole Slaw was bad - like it went bad.  Tasted sour and bitter.  So bad that I sent it back..The only good thing were the Onion Rings.  These were very crispy and fresh.  We went in about an hour before closing.  There were very few people there.  But service was slow.  Took about 15 minutes just for the Onion Rings.  And another 15 minutes for the main dishes  Considering this is a BBQ meat that is supposedly slow cooking for hours, it seems like it would not take very long to prepare.  Unless you have to go back and reheat??  (Just thinking out loud here.)Over all this was a failure.  A wasted hour drive for BBQ that would have been better at some local chain locations. Maybe it was because we arrived close to the closing hour?  But then again, if you seat me, then serve me a good dish.  Otherwise, don't serve me!!Finally, would I return??  Maybe? For lunch and a quick sandwich.  Will I ever drive that far again.  NO.  Are there other choices in this area, YES.
4	This place has been around for a while and I had originally thought it was kinda lame because of the cliche diner look to it... I didn't even know it was BBQ until I saw it on Yelp like a year ago.So, after moving to the area, hubby and I decided to try it.A very unique place with Thee Pitts Again awards for their bbq is all over the place.  The pink color scheme is interesting and definitely goes with the pig theme.Get the smoked wings appetizer. They are AMAZING. You may want to get the bbq sauce on the side because those things are DRENCHED in the sauce and it kind of takes away from the smokiness of the meat itself.** Note to Celiacs... you may want to hold the sauce... I believe I had a reaction to the bbq sauce... that was the only thing I ate there that I didn't know the ingredients of. Hubby had the pulled pork sandwich with fries and I had the brisket sandwich (minus the bread) with grilled veggies.  I also had the Miss Piggy Ice Cream Soda which was AWESOME... altho pricey for what you got.I stole some of hubby's pork and it was very nice... juicy and smoky. I tend to really like fatty pulled pork.The brisket was ok... pretty dry without the bbq sauce.  The grilled veggies were awesome.One thing that irked me was that they advertise rattlesnake bbq when it's in season... and I figured, "it's summer... should be in season right?"  Wrong. They don't offer it anymore because someone of some sort of belief that eating rattlesnake was offensive.  I was so irritated with that... why don't the owners just say "Well, don't eat it then"?All in all... a good place.  I will go back.
4	Very cool place.  This has become one of our stopping points when traveling thru Phoenix.  Thanks Triple D for the recommendation. Nice to get out of the norm when traveling.
3	Good, but not great. I don't understand the national attention on this restaurant, for sure. Pulled pork was good, but a little dry. Fried pickles were tasty, though. Went with a large group, and most agreed it was pretty average. Also, service was unimpressive, at best. They took a long time to take our order, and some of our group got their food 5-10 mins before others in the group. I can think of several better BBQ joints in Phoenix off the top of my head...most notably honey bears and town talk too. Definitely not impressed...
1	I would give this place -5 stars if I could.  The only decent thing about this place is the food.  The pulled pork and chicken is out of this world.  This place is a complete dive, though.  The owner/manager seems to not care about service or customer complaints at all.  I took my parents out to dinner for Father's Day.  We had a party of six when we came to The Pitts Again and it took us 30 minutes to get seated because there isn't a manager on the floor making sure that tables are being bused or that the customers are being taken care of in a timely manner.  The service is by far the worst that I have ever had dining out.  The servers are inattentive, uncaring, and speed isn't even in the vocabulary of this place.  It took us two hours from the time that we arrived until the time we left.  Plus to add insult to injury they stuck me with an 18% gratuity for service that was pitiful.  I went ahead and paid for it not to make a scene and ruin Father's Day for my Dad.  Later that evening I called asking for a manager and was told that he was currently busy at the moment so I left a message for him to call me back.  I never received a call back so I decided to email them to express my disappointment of having to pay 18% gratuity to a server who in my eyes didn't deserve it at all.  This is coming from a guy who was a server all through college so I know what it's like.  Let's just say that it is now the end of July and I still haven't received a call nor a response to my email which leads me to believe that the owner doesn't care a bit about the customers.  It makes me sad because I refuse to ever go back due to the way I was treated even though I have to say their BBQ is the best in Arizona.
4	An amazing smokehouse and BBQ place in Glendale, AZ. Heard about it on Diners Drive-ins & Dives. First time here. Got the combo platter so we could sample it all.  The pork ribs, smoked turkey, smoked pulled pork - absolutely amazing. BBQ sauce adds the extra punch, but don't overdue it. In my opinion, too much covers a remarkable smoked flavor in the meat.
4	Barbeque is very subjective, and I happen to love the pulled turkey and the sauce here and will keep going back for it again and again. I suggest at least giving it a try, if you don't like it there keep trying different palces.
3	Great place to cure a hang over - nothing beats greasy food and beers on tap.  I thought the food was really good, the pulled pork and sausage sandwhichs were awesome.I ordered mashed potatoes as a side and was not a fan of the gravy they used, should have ordered the yam instead.But I have to say that the biggest disappointment was the Peach Cobbler (both thumbs down).  There was seriously something wrong with it.  My only advice for you readers is SKIP THE DESERT HERE.
4	Haven't been here in a long time. Stopped in today for lunch. I had the pork and slaw sandwich and it was great! We have the zucchini appetizer and they were AMAZING!! Never have I had them as big as they were or delicious!! We will be back more since were moving closer :) Brittany was our server she was excellent! The restrooms were super clean. Overall great experience
2	Seen place reviewed on Check Please Arizona and thought to give a try.  Called ahead of time to see if there was a wait - No.  Place was 25-50% full.Service was slow and it took forever to get our food delivered to the table (30+ min).  Four of us ordered pulled pork and one order of fried chicken.  Correct me if I am wrong, but I don't think they smoke the pork once an order is placed. Yikes.Appetizers were fine.. fried sampler plater and fried pickles.  Good to try.. then you start feeling sick from the grease.Pulled pork (one so many awards) was dry and nothing to right home about (worth writing a review though.  I've been to Austin, TX and at the Salt Lick the pulled pork is moist and unbelievable.  Was hoping for a similar or better experience.Oh well.. I give it too oinks..
3	We went to Thee Pitts Again last Saturday and I was shocked about the quality of the food, especially since it was on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives on Food Network. Other than that it's a pretty cute place. I thought the pink walls were cool and creative, plus they were trophies and ribbons everywhere. The atmosphere was O.K. They had 3 small tv's which looked like they were each from the 80's. One of them was showing the news, one of them had TNT on, and one of them kept repeating the time they were on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. The service was good, and they greeted us like we were close to royalty. The waitress told us that their "Pepsi" on the vending machine was acting up. I got the ribs and I have to say, the ribs at Wal-Mart have better quality. The ribs tastes okay, because it was kind of tender. The meat was moist, but the whole thing was dry. The barbecue sauce was good, because it  tasted kind of like my favorite barbecue sauce, (Sweet Baby Ray's.) But the sauce was too sweet. I'd say it's a little expensive, because we spent $62 dollars on 4 people, including me, and I also think the chef's cooking is overrated, since he won a      lot of those awards.
3	BBQ joint pretty good. Lots of options.
4	Seems they have moved from Cave creek road to West Bell. Glad they are still around. This is the closest thing to Kansas city Barbecue in this town, No doubt. Keep up the good work Roger!!
3	DDD convinced me and the wife to make the drive to Glendale.  The decor is eclectic and very interesting.  Service was a little slow, but when the plates finally arrived, they were overflowing.  Walked out stuffed to the gills--and not broke!  Ribs and brisket were OK.  Pulled pork was pretty good.  They have something called "Triple Chop" that combines three types of meat . . . and it was so absolutely fantastic that I had to order another side of it in addition to my main course.  I mean, it was 100% top-notch.  Also had the brownie and ice cream dessert--it was good, thought it was home-made, but looks like they use Breyer's Ice Cream, so not all I thought it was at the outset.  Overall decent experience, decent service, but probably not one I would go out of my way to visit again.  I could eat the Triple Chop all day, which I might do if I lived closer, but since it's a little far for me, it's not worth the trip.
4	This place is great, so much better than some of the reviews led me to believe. It's a very casual place, not great looking on the inside, but the food and service definitely made up for it.The favorites of the table were the "Chop" of 3 kinds of meat, the Beef Brisket, and the BBQ Beans. The Fried Pickles and Sauced Smoked Wings were also winners. The BBQ sauce was excellent and they give you a bottle on the table to add your own.We were all very picky BBQ fans and everyone left happy and full.
4	My husband has been wanting to try this place as he's a big BBQ fan.  While I like BBQ it isn't the be all and end all for me.  Anyway, I was very pleasantly surprised by this place.  It's fairly large inside with a couple separate dining areas.  Forest greeny booths and the decor is all pink and green.  A big pig mural in a top hat painted on one wall, gave the place an apostrophe on it's piggy decor.  Hubby had the recommended pulled pork sandwich with coleslaw and really liked it.  The BBQ beans he ordered as his side were a little on the sweet side, but he finished them up to the last bean.I ordered a mesquite grilled chicken breast and it was really smoky flavored and tasty.  I really liked their homemade BBQ sauce - it was finger licken delightful.  I had the cole slaw as a side and while it was OK it was a bit mayonaisy for my taste.  Our waitress was great.  She was attentive and informative when we asked her about Guy Fieri's visit and what he ate.  One thing he ate was the BBQ shrimp.  Dang!!!  I missed that on the menu....next time for sure, I'm in on the shrimp.
4	It's hard to be from North Carolina with roots in KC and get BBQ that is up to your standards. Today, after trying to visit another place for BBQ, my friend suggested Thee Pitts Again. Walking in, I felt a little intimidated by the overwhelming presence of stuff on the walls and trophies everywhere. We were greeted quickly, sat even faster and served in timely yet patient manner. The food was good and at a good price I would say this is a good value for your lunch-time dollar. Thanks, Pitts, for a nice lunch and great service!
1	We came in a half hour before close, 3 adults, 3 kids. We were givin the death stare like it was 2 minutes before they could go home.A couple of other people inside, but it took a while to get seated as they were too busy on cell phones and talking. we got sat and they took our drink orders and upon his return we were told that they had pretty much shut down for the night and had limited items. Meanwhile the rest of the floor staff was still busy standing around talking,joking and texting.We got up and left,at 43  years old this was the ONLY restaurants I have walked out of. The worst service ever, and to shut stuff down before close? I went and spent my $80.00 some dollars somewhere else and vowed to never go back.
3	I saw this restaurant on Triple D and thought, I would give it a try.  As far as BBQ goes it was OK.  The ambiance was great, they have done a great job on the place, pigs stuff everywhere.  Service was OK but not noteworthy.  I would say for BBQ it is a little over priced for me and the kids.  I had the combination meat platter (cant remember the actual name), but it was about a pound of various meats and sides.  Nice experience and by no means disappointed but I doubt I will be back.
3	Saw it on triple D finally got to try it I got the combo platter lots of meat in the dish. The meat was very good except the sliced ham tasted like turkey ham. Beef rib was not good either sides need work got corn on cob very over boiled. Wife got coleslaw said it was very bland. Overall not bad would go back but would get the chopped meat. Also BBQ sauce a little ketcupy.
4	This is one of the best BBQ spots the west has to offer. They now serve sweet potato fries as a side entree! I always Order the two meats: brisket and pulled pork! Bomb food and great staff!!!!
3	For this place being on DDD I was pretty disappointed.  The pulled pork, their sauce, and the cornbread was awesome!  The other sides( coleslaw and potato salad) were nothing to write home about.  Our server was super nice but don't go there for lunch if you were in a rush.  It was over a half hour before we received our food, and the place was not packed.  This was what turned me off, there was a sligh funky smell of sewer, but everything seemed very clean.  If you are in the area stop and get takeout, don't run there for the in dining experience.
2	i am like a lot of people, who watch the different food shows on TV. I am really star ting to question the accuracy of shows like Triple D. The food I was served today was not competition quality food. If it was, then competition BBQ leaves something to be desired. The meat was dry, overcooked and hard. It was so bad that I sent the pork ribs back, I sat at the table and chewed and chewed. How do the cooks that prepare the plates let food that is rock hard leave the kitchen and get served to customers that you want to come back. If I were the owner I would really look at the quality of the food leaving my kitchen. The server was nice and tried real hard to fix the problem. Good luck Thee Pitts, maybe it time for Restaurant Impossible.
4	Lets see if triple D was right about this place. Yep. They were right.  This place is good.  I got a sampler of a variety of different BBQ flavors and all were good.  I was surprised that on a weekday this place was empty. Why?  This place was really good. Well, at least there was no wait.
3	A little disappointed that the full rack came to the table with ends burned.  Very dry and chewy in those spots but the middle was magical, tender and tasty.
2	I'm not saying this to be mean but what my inexperienced waitress did to me was comical and not excusable. I DO NOTE I am NOT basing my review on what she did and only the food but I feel it needs to be told so you see the whole picture.She took our order and soon came to deliver the drinks . Her tray had three beverages a water an iced tea and a soda. Somehow she sorts of looses her balance and almost lost the water and it spills ON ME with Iced cubes hitting me but she manages to save it before it all splashes me. She said she was sorry but she suggested to ME TO CLEAN THE TABLE WITH THE PAPER TOWEL MYSELF! It's bad enough that she couldn't be bothered to clean that up but what really made it WORST was she left the wet napkin on the table the whole time we were dining. I do note she was very youthful and might have been only 15 or 16 years old so I have to chalk it up to that but I also note the cooks on the night I was here were also very youthful looking and I might not have experienced the food as it was meant to be prepared.We started out with very average house salads and fried pickles appetizer. The salads seemed fresh and the dressing seemed bottled tasting and not so good. I thought the pickle appetizer was inedible not because of them being wet laden with oil but because of how overly salted they were. My husband who tolerates more salt than me didn't think inedible but he felt too that they were over salted and he ate only a few.Our two plates arrive and my husband got nearly everything they make on his plate and asked me to try stuff I didn't have. I only tried his short rib and had to stop there because it was DRY and almost cold. (YUK!) so then I moved on to my plate. I tried the BBQ'd Turkey first. It was almost good with good flavors and not too much sauce. I also liked that the sauce wasn't too sweet but like the Rib it was dry and almost cold. (YUK! again) So I figure maybe the chicken is good but I was WRONG again. (YUK!) Another almost COLD and VERY DRY. I really hate dry chicken. I had a nice looking side of vegetables but sadly they were ruined by a generous hand of BUDGET SEASONING SALT that tasted awful. Lastly I was hoping the corn bread would be ok but I WAS WRONG AGAIN and SADLY it was so dry and so from the box tasting even soaking it in honey butter couldn't fix it.I do note my husband said the store purchased hot link wasn't as dry as the BBQ'd other items. He also said the pork ribs were better than the beef rib. I also need to say  I hope that the day time crew prepares the food in the way the owner meant it to be. I say that because of the numerous BBQ awards they've earned that I saw here while dining. But.......Only one word.......... PITIFUL
4	The sampler platter was excellent!
1	This place is gross their sauce taste like ketchup the food is alright but this is not award winning BBQ they must have stolen someone else's awards and put their name on them! We went here cause it was on DDD and boy were we disappointed not to mention our waitress was rude and took forever to bring anything to our table in the middle of the day the place was empty! If you want good BBQ don't come here because you won't get it!
3	Good but not great.  Enjoyed the big pile of pulled pork.  Great flavor.  Salad was a throw away.  Throw some tomato and cheese on that sucker.  Cornbread good texture but bland.  Spice up the mashed potatoes or include more potato skin for flavor.  I will still go back but just order a little differently next time.  I dropped in and ordered takeout.  Service was quick and cordial.  Awards all around are impressive.
2	Ate here on a Thursday after the lunch rush was over. Super slow service. The brisket was pretty terrible. Tasted like minute steak in the microwave. Chicken wasn't bad, pulled turkey was interesting, pulled pork was good, pork ribs were okay and boneless beef shortrib was pretty good. The sides and desserts should be skipped, don't expect to eat a lot of them when your food comes as they are pretty awful across the board. Not nearly good enough BBQ for what you will pay, we'll be skipping this place in future.
3	To be honest, I expected more from this place. Again, it is a Triple D eatery yet I wasn't too pleased with the food. I watched this segment on Triple D and the food looked amazing! Unfortunately, I didn't get the same quality as it looked like on TV. I ordered the pulled pork with a side of their potato salad and I wish it was better. The pulled pork, which already had BBQ sauce on top, was still too dry for me. The portion definitely was not a lot for the price it reflected. I feel like I paid too much for that meal. A few positives that I found were: Before the entree, we ordered the deep fried sampler which was really good! And the dipping sauce that accompanied it was just perfect for the dish. What was also good was their potato salad. This was probably one of the best potato salads I've had. Really well done on those two! The service was also nice! The lady was really kind and attentive to our table, even though there really weren't many people in the restaurant. But she still catered to us. The place is very diner-like which was nice. Colorful and a little different.Overall, I grade this place a C. I wasn't too pleased with their specialized items. I could probably find a better BBQ place than this spot and I don't think I would come here again. Enjoy!
2	Just ok. Ribs are tender, but I don't much like pork, potato salad is good. Fried pickles are interesting, but obviously, fried. Cherry shake is a novel item, good for a while but it wears off. wait time is really long. I didn't like the vibe in here... something was off.
4	Wow! Really good BBQ. My favorite part was the individual wrapped jelly bellys with the check. I ordered the combo dinner with pulled turkey, sliced ham & sweet cornbread. I chose baked beans and french fries for the sides. I would have been happier with the just the pulled turkey and no ham. All the sides were tasty.My man V had the pulled chicken sandwich with mashed potatoes. He said the flavor was good but it was a little to chunky for his 'pulled' standards.
1	So disappointing. Not only did the service take forever, the meat was dry, the corn was dry, the buns were dry. It's unfortunate. Last time we were here, it was great. Not sure what happened, but we won't be back.
3	Food was ok. Deep fried Mac and cheese was carb overload deliciousness...very salty. Pulled chicken was to chunky but sauce was good. Pulled pork was best. Ribs were dry and disappointing. Like they were 2 days old. Atmosphere nice and clean...diner like. Not the best, but if your raving BBQ its ok.
3	Different day, different order, same issues as previous review.  Ordered salad with pulled pork.  Pulled pork tasted good and helping was plentiful.  Salad underneath was clearly made by someone who doesn't eat salad.  Wrong kind of lettuce - some sort of really rough romaine.  Cut across the leaf so EVERY SINGLE bite of lettuce contained some of the rib down the middle of the leaf - you know the part every one else cuts out and throws away.  I had to cut the end part off the tomato myself. Mushrooms were fresh and tasty.  Corn bread could have been browner but it tasted good.  Now on to customer service.  Waiter very good, very attentive BUT some crazy person running the restaurant must have taken a bad credit card some time in the past so they ask every single person using a credit or debit card to show ID.  I am a consultant in the credit card industry and 59 year old. I understand credit card risk and customer service.  I would say the average customer age was 50 or over.  You are insulting us by requiring us to show ID for $10-$30 meals.  Increase my meal by a dollar if you're really losing tons of money to bad cards but don't ask me for ID.Will I be back again.  Yes the BBQ is that good.
2	I really wished this place was better than what we got. The food was cold, dry, very little BBQ, and was just not very good. The service was great and people were sweet, but the food was just not very promising. My expectations of this place, since it was on Diners Drive ins and Dives, was kinda high but the quality of food fell way under my expectations. We were very disappointed...
4	Went in today and had a combo platter with fries and corn. The waitress was very friendly and helpful with the menu and the food came out pretty quickly. Everything was really good and the combo platter was a nice way to try a bunch of things all at once. I only made it through about half of it before needing a to-go box. I will be back if I'm in the neighborhood.
1	Niece's husband is a Glendale firefighter of mixed ancestry including Asian, Puerto Rican, and Mexican.  Took their three kids in for lunch.  Sat down, every eye in the place was on them. I kid you not- and I'm as caucasian as they come.  Five minutes pass, no acknowledgment from waitress.  Two couples walk in a  few minutes apart.  Waitress goes to those tables, brings menus, drinks.  After fifteen minutes my nephew and the kids walked out.  Absolutely horrible. How arrogant.  I don't think it was a coincidence.  I do think that the management is stupid, since they may someday need the services of civil servants who are not the same race as they are- will they ignore them as well?
4	I like this place. Its a dive, but love it. We had the smoked sauced wings (awesome... go easy on the sauce tho... totally drowns out the wing), pulled pork chicken (again, awesome) and salmon.All very good... moist... not overdone. And not to mention.... $3 draft beer.
5	This is some of the best BBQ I've had anywhere in the country.  I was shocked at how good it was for this simple divey joint.  I ordered the combo platter so I could try a little bit of everything.  The beef short ribs were just fantastic, and most of the time I'm disappointed with beef ribs at other places.  All of the meats were super-tender.  I was unable to pick up the pork ribs, the meat just fell off of them.Sides were ok, nothing spectacular, but I go to BBQ joints for the meat, not sides.  Service was decent, quick to bring out the food, and reasonably attentive.The prices were cheaper than expected for the food quality.
1	I have eaten here three times, the first two were take out orders and the last time was a work Christmas lunch (Not my choice but I was out voted). Both take out orders were sandwiches, one of which was pork and the other beef brisket. Both times my supposed BBQ sandwich came without any BBQ sauce! Zip, zilch, nada. I don't know about anyone else but I expect some damn BBQ sauce on my damn BBQ sandwich! My coworkers all seemed to have it on theirs, Meat was very dry both times. Fries were okay, nothing to write home about. . The one time I ate in the restaurant, I ordered a plain burger. It was alright. The actual restaurant is a dive, never very many people in there at anyone time. There is BBQ in squirt bottles at the tables. (Hallelujah!) I would never eat there again, but there are a few of my coworkers that get take out from there still on occasion.
4	Driving down Bell Road, looking for some eatery that was a litlte different than the standard chain nonsense, I stumbled on Thee Pitts Again...I knew nothing about their DDD rep, etc. BBQ just sounded like a great take-out option for a Sunday afternoon. Two, two-meat plates later, the hubs and I were happily stuffed on pulled pork, brisket and smoked turkey. Living many years in the South, I appreciate a good pulled pork and theirs did not disappoint! However, the pulled turkey was far BETTER than I ever would have expected! Both were excellent! The brisket was good too, but I've got my favorites solidified.Sides were good, standard BBQ fare. Nothing to write home about, but definitely provide that comfort food "yum" factor. Especially due to the extreme lack of good BBQ places on the West side, I recommend this place. A few too many tchotchke pigs inside for me to dine-in, but I'd get take-out again for sure!
2	The fried appetizers were good in flavor but were soggy and were dripping with grease.  I think the veggies were frozen.  I got the lighter side grilled chicken which tasted a little funny and the grilled veggies were super dry.  I also think the ice tea was instant because it didn't taste fresh.  Our server was really nice, though, which is the only reason I'm giving this place two stars.
4	Have the beef brisket and you will not be disappointed! If you are just passing thru and can't take home leftovers, go for the light eaters portion as portions are very large.Chicken wings are smokey, messy, and absolutely fantastic! Don't feel bad after you find yourself licking the plate! ;)
2	Eh - not bad...but not anything to write home about.
2	The BBQ main dish is descent, the side dishes are not fresh.  I order mac n cheese for my son and it was from a box.  I was expected homemade or something that did not cost .99 at the grocery store.
2	We started with the fried pickles...they were awesome!  Because they weren't chips but the quartered pickle, it was a nice change from what you normally get at other restaurants.  Then, we ordered the combo sampler platter and hot link plate to try everything.  The chicken was dry, the ham seemed like they bought it from the deli counter at the local grocery store but all the other meats were right on.  The ribs and brisket were very tender.  We were very disappointed that only one barbeque  sauce was available.  Thank goodness we thought to ask because they offered a "hot" version of their signature sauce that was a little better.  It was, by no means, hot but that extra kick made it more enjoyable.  We are still trying to figure out what Guy Fieri meant by "this sauce is money."  It costs money, that's about it.
3	We stopped here when we came to the city on a day trip with activities nearby.  I believe we found it through diners, drive-ins, and dives.  We are a fan of BBQ, and my husband is always trying to find something that compares well with what he experienced living in Georgia. We tried the 3 meat dinner with pork ribs, pulled pork and brisket.  Reasonably priced at $14 with a salad, coleslaw and cornbread.  The cornbread was fabulous, though the portion could have been bigger. The coleslaw was definitely uniquely made, sort of creamy with a pickled undertone in the sauce.  The salad was basic, but a great start and wasn't extra as one of my sides.  The pork was really great all on its own, and even though the BBQ sauce was on the sweet side, it still maintained a hearty and rich driving undertone.  The ribs fell right off and I had no complaints there. The brisket sort of tasted more like a thin day old steak. Didn't care for it. The kids had mac'n'cheese (Kraft style, nothing special) with a peppery skins on version of mashed potatoes (yum), beer battered chicken fingers (huge amount for under $5) but too much breaking (nice flavor on the actual chicken though) with some of the best fries I've had (perfectly soft inside and crisp on the outside with what tasted like seasoning salt and maybe some kind of dry cheese seasoning).  We tried the bread pudding for dessert, and though it had some good flavor, it was too soft/soggy.  We'd probably try it again and taste some more of the smoked meat options as well as try the apple tart and peach cobbler (both sounded good and if we had room, we would have ordered them as well).
2	Not our place. We have gone there 5 times now. Pulled pork was always cold, and dry. And it just never made us leave smiling or full. Give it a try if you will. Their fries are amazing(I believe they are frozen then fried). But ya
1	I literally ate two ribs and decided they were too much like a pressed mcrib to trust them. The cornbread tasted faintly of fish. Fries were decent. Couldn't get a refill on my soda. I won't be back.
2	My boyfriend and I tried the sampler platter. Pork ribs, beef ribs, brisket, chicken, chopped pork and pulled pork. We ordered 4 sides : coleslaw, Mac&cheese, beans and fries. We also ordered fried pickles as an appetizer. Of the many items that were ordered, the only thing worth paying for were the fried pickles. The worst was the pulled pork. It tasted like what I'd imagine canned dog food tastes like. Everything else was sub par.
2	Meh is the best way I can describe this place.  The horrid 90's revamp of a 50's diner with pig kitsch look of the place makes it impossible for me to take it seriously or to feel ok about eating there but we have had take out a few times.   The sides are really, meh, you are better off going across the street to "Sprouts" grocery and buying their potato salad and slaw and whatever else you like there to have with your smoked meat.  Their meat is really basic.  If you buy Guy Fierei's bottled sauce at the grocery store and you buy all of your sides at the grocery store and then get some smoked meat from Thee Pitts you can have a relatively unremarkable but not terrible meal.  I prefer the smoked stuff from Bobby Q and from Rudy's, sadly Rudy's is all the way in Chandler but when I want smoked meat either I smoke it myself or I drive to Chandler anymore.
1	Although the reviews are very mixed, we decided to give it a try. I was highly disappointed.Fried pickles were tasty, the batter was light and crispy. Very salty though.I ordered the pulled port dinner with mashed and corn on the cob. The pork wasn't bad, but there were some large chunks of fat. Mashed was nothing special. Corn wasn't even good, kinda mushy. Tasted like it had been frozen and microwaved.My babe ordered the brisket dinner with beans and potato salad. The brisket was awful. Tough, no beefy flavor, no smokey flavor. Honestly, it tasted old and microwaved. The beans were alright and the potato salad was inedible. This place perplexes me. Why are the reviews on one extreme or the other? They have plaques on the wall of winning awards and I have no idea how if this is the quality they serve at competitions.I feel pretty cheated out of my money. I don't think I would ever go back.
3	So I had to go here just to try it out because I saw this place on that TV show Diners, Drive ins, and Dives.  After watching the show, I figured this was a place I had to put on my to do list.  Now that I have been there.  I can mark it off my list.  Odds are I may return, but not because the food was great, or the atmosphere was great.  I may return because It is close to where I live so it makes it easily accessible.  The food was good, and service decent.  But everything was just ok.  Nothing really popped out at me saying "you have to come back here again"
2	I wanted to like this place and unfortunately, it just isn't good.  We've passed by several times and always saw an empty parking lot.  After tasting the food, it's pretty obvious why.  They either lost the passion for good BBQ and flavor or it was never that good.  There are pictures of Guy Fieri all over which after tasting the food makes us think they paid for that advertisement.  The chicken is dry with no seasoning, the sauce is just sauce, nothing special and somewhat similar to the stuff you buy in the market.  My homemade BBQ sauce is way better actually.  The rest of the meat such as the ribs was okay, not terrific, the brisket was fatty and unpleasant and the pork had a strange after-taste.  The coleslaw was poorly seasoned, the BBQ beans lacked flavor (husband said Bush's in a can is better) and the potato salad had no flavor.  We did also try the pickles and while they are breaded evenly, the breading texture is like thick paper.  They tasted okay although dipping them in their ranch sauce made the pickles much better.  The atmosphere is very Five and Diner-ish.  Just too bad to have a cute little BBQ restaurant nearby that isn't worth visiting.
3	Ahhh...Thee Pitts Again used to be my favorite smoke/bbq place. I started going there back in the late 1990's when it was on Cave Creek Road and stayed with them until their move to Bell Road. Unfortunately, in the years after that move, the quality has slipped. The meat (be it ribs, pulled, or whole and 1/2 chickens) is now served with a heavy coat of sauce that hides the inferior (compared to it's earlier days) quality of meat and smoke. *sigh*That being said, the side dishes are the biggest disappointment. All of them. The coleslaw has turned into a (poor) KFC knockoff. The cornbread? It tastes like it has been purchased from a wholesale store and warmed up. I really don't want to talk about the beans.It all makes me sad.
3	This place came out on Triple D, so I had to give it a shot while I was in town.I ordered the platter that comes with pulled pork, ribs, brisket, pulled chicken, and I think some sort of beef. I got the beans and mac-and-cheese as sides. Everything was okay. Nothing standout at all. I felt like they dumped way too much sauce on everything and it killed whatever flavor the meat should have had. The sides were also nothing special. This is particularly disappointing for a restaurant featured on Triple D and since the owner has supposedly won over 300 barbecue awards. There's probably better barbecue spots here.
3	This was my third trip. It was a friday night and the restaurant was not very busy. Why?I got the beef briquet. The last times I had the pulled pork. Their food lis good. Their BBQ is as good an any I have had in Arizona. The food is a high 4 stars. The staff did everything that they were supposed to do but they were not overly friendly. Even if you don't mean it I want to feel like you are glad to see me and want me to return. These are some things I believe would help. More light inside, it was two hard to see, Smile, act like you was glad I was there and wanted me to come back. Need more than one BBQ sauce on the table. Some places have 6 or 7 different sauces which is overkill. You do need a couple to choose from. I like mine a fairly spicy. I will definitely be back as their BBQ is good. Smile, lighting, spicy and mild BBQ sauce.
4	Great BBQ. Had a pulled pork sandwich to fill me up before donating blood and it did the trick. Very yummy and the great service got me in and out on time to get to my appointment. Love this place!
3	We went here for the first time today, and overall it is pretty good. The prices are about average for a BBQ joint, but it would be nice if they offered lunch specials or something to make it a little more affordable during lunchtime. Anyway, I got the pulled pork sandwich with BBQ beans, and my husband got the brisket with beer battered fries and cornbread. The only thing that we were truly disappointed with was the brisket. I think we are spoiled by the awesome brisket at a certain smokehouse that shall remain nameless. Anyway, the brisket tasted like it had  been cooked in an oven and possibly reheated. It just had that old, microwaved taste to it. Everything else was pretty amazing though. My pulled pork was moist and very flavorful. The beer battered fries were outstanding, and the beans were probably the best I've had in the valley. It's really, really hard to find good beans here in AZ!!! Anyway, the server was very friendly and the food came out quick. I think we'll definitely come back again--we just won't order the brisket!
3	This is my first time coming here and it was a really good experience. My server was Megan she was extremely helpful. I got the pulled pork sandwich with a side salad my pulled pork was kinda on the dry side, but with their BBQ it makes it 100 times better. My Salad was not as fresh as I would have likes the cucumbers where almost a yellowish brown Color in the middle. But the staff was really nice.
2	The appetizers were tasty and not boxed frozen product which was nice.  My fat kid was hopeful that the food would have been just tasty so imagine my disappointment when the food came out room temperature. I ordered the Combo dinner with pulled pork and pulled chicken. As my sides I chose coleslaw and mac and cheese.  The coleslaw was almost warm and the flavor profile wasn't anything to blow my skirt up.  The mac and cheese tasted like Velveeta with some spices.  It was barely warm. The chicken was very dry and crunchy as if it had been sitting around. The pulled pork was dry as well. All of it was room temperature.The place could use a good cleaning and dusting as well.  I won't be back though I will say I think they might just have a consistency issue. My husband's good was warmer.
1	OK, after my fifth try, mostly due to desperation, I'm done. This place at best is mediocre. The pics and testimonials on the walls of a variety of celebrities whet your appetite for something amazing.  My last batch of ribs tasted like pork jerky splattered in bbq sauce. They were inedible. Gonna have to pull out the Weber for future cravings.
1	I are here and will never go back again food was cold, dry and the sauce was nasty tasted like liquid smoke and ketchup with vinegar. Not the best service very slow. I told them my food was cold and she said oh okay I will have them fix it same food came out the just stuck it in a microwave.
2	Wow I hope this was a singular experience because otherwise this place went downhill fast.  Service was slow, food was very very inconsistent.  Pork and slaw tasted good, but portion size was very small compared to previous visits.  Brother had same thing and his was just dripping with grease.  About 1/8 of a cup of it.  Gross!  Dads pork tenderloin was tasty but about half the previous size.  One Mac and cheese side was good and another portion tasted sour, like bad milk.  Even the fried pickles were smaller, saltier, and more overcooked than normal.  Told server and her response was "well it came out of the same batch" (for mac and cheese) or "it was the same pork shoulder" (for the sandwich swimming in grease). No effort made to make it right other than to offer to make another sandwich.  She blamed slowness on a " new guy in the kitchen who got overwhelmed". Took almost and hour and a half to eat and this was after the normal lunch rush.  The only other time I experienced that the food wasn't top notch was also on the weekend.  If the owner is going to be gone on the weekends, to BBQ competitions and such, he should at least leave the restaurant in more capable hands.  Terrible first impression for my brother who was in from out of town, and looking forward to this meal.
