5	Tried out DJT and went for the tasting menu. The food and service were outstanding and after the meal, I would consider it one of the top 5 restaurants in Vegas. Their wine list is well thought out, the beer list comprehensive and the "soda list" inventive. The Scallop appetizer was amazing as was the Squab appetizer. The Colorado Lamb was also a highlight and the desserts were light and flavorful. I also liked the way they paired wines, beer and sake with the courses - they weren't afraid to step over what some traditionalists would consider boundaries. Overall, it was a memorable meal and reasonably priced for the level of ingredients, detail and care. I'd go back in a second.
5	Special shoutout and thanks to Marcus, our awesome bartender and Lucas, the man who hooked us up with what Oprah calls "the best-turkey burgers in the entire world" at the bar at DJT. Apparently these "mar-a-lago turkey burgers" are only available for in-suite dining but we were lucky enough to try them this afternoon! (see my posted pix!)they tasted as good as I had hoped and maybe even better! the ground turkey burger had so much flavor (special ingredients include chopped celery and granny smith apples and chipotle tabasco) and is served on a delcious brioche-like hamburger bun with generous slices of fresh avocado and a side of seasoned fries. YUM!for the actual recipe, go here:http://www2.oprah.com/foodhome/food/recipes/200805/food_20080516_burger.jhtmlOn top of all that, Lucas took care of the bill for these burgers. Talk about class A service. Thanks again!!!the bf also had the chelsea cocktail which includes fresh blackberries, mint leaves, sugar can 10 rum, and club soda. that drink was so refreshing and tasty that he ordered it twice.  even the bar snacks were addicting -- the bowl of wasabi covered gobi berries were our favorite.we will be back again and we will try to eat at the DJT restaurant too!
5	Dinner ($50+) (single visit)Food: 5Service: 5Decor: 5Other: 5So, I normally reserve my 5-star rating for a place that has impressed me more than once.  However, I will bend my rules for this place.  Although I only dined here once, I had a number of interactions with the restaurant (see below).I had high expectations for DJT since the three Yelpers who had previously posted about it all gave it 5 stars.  Normally, when I have high expectations for anything, I find myself disappointed.  However, DJT did not disappoint!I found the whole experience, from making a reservation, to changing my reservation (more than once), to the warm welcome at the restaurant, to the food, to be as impressive as expected, if not more so.  When we arrived, 5 minutes before our scheduled reservation, our table was ready and waiting for us.  We didn't have to wait for 5 minutes or anything like that, and the hostess was expecting our party.The possible negatives are that the Trump International is off the strip and that it does not have a casino.  However, it may be because of these facts that the hotel focuses more on presenting a superior quality dining experience at DJT.All around, I was thoroughly satisfied, and I definitely expect that I will become a repeat patron over future visits to Las Vegas.
5	Brain-dead.  Will consider updating this later...o_O
5	From:  Absentee, TroubleTo:  Me; Undisclosed Female RecipientsSent:  Monday, July 14, 2008 8:07 PMSubject:  Juicy details...What did I miss, girls?!  I want all the juicy details...xoxo-------------------------------From:  MeTo:  Absentee, Trouble; Undisclosed Female RecipientsSent:  Tuesday, July 15, 2008 10:36 PMSubject:  Juicy details...How should I put this.  The juiciest part of the last minute get-away, I think, had to have been the burger from DJT - the restaurant located in the new Trump International Hotel.  I'm saying, on the one hand, that the mar-a-lago turkey burger, crunchy pickle and curried ("Donald Trump special seasoning") and seasoned steak fries were no joke, standout.  I wanted to write home and cry.  On the other hand, it's also an implication of a rather tame weekend.  Hey, don't call me a liar!  It can happen.  Sure, it's Vegas, the City of Sodom and Gomorrah, where vagrants and degenerates battling clinical addictions with last weekend's poker chips still buried in their pockets fly solo to fade into the background.  ("Sir, I don't mind so much your musk of ashtray and sweat and vodka, but you are 5'1'' and I have no idea why your little elbows and knees require so much room that they must dominate my seat as well.")So sorry to disappoint, babe.  We are classy (old) ladies -- the few found that weekend without teeny weeny tank tops obscenely stretched thin just barely over our buns*.  You were there with us in spirit though, especially when we spotted a softer Clive Owen-type displaying his package in speedos.  You would have had him for lunch.  For sure.Next time!  You and your bewitching dimples are coming with us.  Let's make sure to retain a good attorney and have that phone call ready.xo.i*Not all modern day tunics function autonomously as dresses.  In fact, many of them don't or shouldn't, depending on your body type.  But hey, whatever.  You go sister.  Get down with your bad self and do what makes you feel good.  During the day window shopping, I think I overheard a little baby girl ask her mama why no women in Las Vegas wears pants.  At least I think that's what she said.  Because if I were that little one, that's what I'd wonder.
5	The team at DJT really have their act together.  This on/off "the strip" gem is just waiting to be recognized as a must eat experience.  Tell all your friends to go in for a cocktail even and realize the opulence hidden behind the 24k gold-laden glass.My 10-course tasting started with seared scallop and sea beans and finished with 3 desserts.  I was hesitant about the greater than 6-course meals that I prefer, but left the table satisfied, not angrily over-stuffed.  Clean, thoughtful flavors combined with impeccable service places this dining experience in my top 3 ever.  I hope to be able to put DJT in my "heavy rotation" list.  Thanks again DJT staff.
1	Assuming the other reviews are correct, this place has completely changed.  There is no tasting menu.  There is no soda list.  There is no sommelier with champagne cart.  There is no sommelier, period.  We also heard rumors of caviar carts, cognac carts, and dessert carts.  Nope. Not there anymore. The place was obviously designed to be a fine dining restaurant with the excessive chandeliers and all.  But it is NOT fine dining.  But they do serve chicken wings and quesadillas!  Looks like they are trying for the typical 24-hour cafe at any casino-resort.  Except they don't have a casino, so that probably ain't gonna work.If you are looking for fine dining or just decent food, stay away.  They apparently did not get enough business and have decided to cut serious corners.
1	Now a 24-hour cafe.
5	Hmm sounds like this restaurant has changed quite a bit!  There wasn't a tasting menu and this isn't a 24 hour cafe as the other reviewer mentioned.  But they did have a simple dinner menu of about a handful of appetizers, a good selection of salads, entrees and side dishes to select from.My husband and I were staying here and came for dinner late on Friday and started off with their ravioli appetizer which was SO GOOD that we cancelled dinner elsewhere the next evening just to eat the ravioli again and try some other food from the restaurant.In addition to the ravioli (which I had 3 times total in my one visit and dragged other people to have with me...really, it is that good - artichoke and ricotta with a mushroom cream sauce and sun dried tomatoes, sigh) - we also had their curry squash soup, cheesecake (twice), lamb chops, ribeye steak, roasted chicken, hawaiian salad, chocolate cake (not so great), risotto, and asparagus. Their breakfasts are also wonderful, pricey, but I ate there every morning during my 5 night stay - the service was outstanding and Trump is one of the best hotels I've stayed at.  They paid lovely attention to the details and don't have a casino so there isn't any second hand smoke that you had to worry about.  With all the ravioli, they also sell Spanx at their lobby giftshop.
3	I will admit it... I'm a foodie... I will pay top dollar for a single ravioli... but I will not stand for my (1) $14 ravioli to come with horrible service.   Maybe the waiter wanted to go home as we did arrive late, around 9:30, but if they don't want us to dine late they should have said they were closing.  We asked for wine that was comparable in price and taste to a bottle we had ordered earlier (as they ran out of that wine), and he brought out a vintage.  Our first bottle was only about $120, the vintage was $300.  I don't mind paying $300 for a bottle of wine... if I'm going to have a long dining experience...but we were headed to the new club XS after at the Wynn.  I thought it was pretty brazen of him to do that.  Either way, the rest of the night was a debauchle.  They didn't have lobster tail, the waiter was less than friendly, and some of the food came out cold... not warm... cold.  The busboy was fantastic... he catered to everything we needed, noticing the waiter didn't care about us anymore.  The food was good,but many dishes were small.  I will give a fantastic thumbs up to the rabbit gnocchi, braised short ribs, and the scallop risotto.  As I have said before... its all about service... especially at the Trump I would have expected more.  Although I WILL say our 1BR suite at the Trump was wonderful!
4	The Beautiful Carin and I stayed at the Trump and on one of our nights in Las Vegas, we decided to eat at DJT, the hotel restaurant (I know those initials must stand for something...what could it be...Dow Jones Tremors?...I don't know...Oh Wait, before I forget, Donald J Trump is the proprietor so that could be the origin).DJT was pretty good. They have a nice selection of single malts and I started dinner with one of my favorites, Bunnahabhain...not many places seem to have it.We didn't order anything too terribly interesting...Carin had a wild greens salad and I had and crab bisque to start. I had a veal chop (no angry letters please...I was born and raised on a cattle ranch and I just think "yum" when I think of calves), and Carin had a roasted chicken. No dessert here...we went to the Carnegie Deli for a disappointing cheesecake...oh well.The entree's were well prepared and nicely presented. Sometimes I think the essence of fine dining is simple food, well prepared and tasty, presented nicely in delightful surroundings, and DJT does a good job of that.The service was very good, and everyone in the restaurant seemed anxious to please, going out of their way to say "hello", and smile. The decor is in keeping with the rest of the hotel...elegant in a "Trumpulescent" way. It was an expensive evening (2 scotches were $50, so you can guess the rest), and for those prices, they have to be extraordinary to get to 5 stars, and it was nice, but not orgasmic.
1	We spent $60 on cold french toast and a scrambled egg.Seriously, wake up a few minutes early and head over to the buffet at the Wynn which is only a short walk and twice the quality.
2	Donald, you're FIRED!!!!We decided to check out the new Trump Hotel in Vegas since it was right across from the Wynn, where we were staying for the weekend.  We found out that the DJT was the only restaurant they had here but, since time was very limited with our imminent departure to the airport, we figured we'd grab a bite to eat here anyway.Let me first say that service was impeccable with our waiter kind and friendly despite the fact that only half of our party of 6 even had anything to eat (the other 3 had breakfasted a few hours earlier)   My wife ordered the pulled pork sandwich and I ordered the panini.   While I suppose the sandwich I got could qualify as a panini, it certainly was  not much better to the sandwiches you can pick up at Safeway.   Worse still, the french fries were simply fucking atrocious.   I don't know if these are fries the way "The Don" likes them, but they plain simply fucking sucked.   I'll take microwaveable frozen-aisle tater tots any day over these repugnant pieces of reconstituted potato sticks.I'm going to stop there before I prolong the torture... Let's just say that I won't be eating here ever again and you probably should avoid it too if you have a palate.   If, on the other hand, you're satisfied with eating dirt and shit off the ground, then you'll probably love this place!  Enjoy!
3	we went on a Saturday night around 7pm.  The restaurant was EMPTY?!?  What have I got ourselves into??!?!  the four of us all order $29 3 course pre fix menu.  We ordered heirloom tomato salad and french onion soup as appetizers; filet mignon and salmon for entree... and chocolate dome, alize cake, and carrot cake for dessert.  Most of the courses were wonderful for the price..... except the dessert.... they must've murdered their pastry chef... or something.... the desserts were not up to the par.... otherwise... $29 for a 3 course dinner in Vegas is a decent deal!!! :D
1	Horrible service plus very expensive food. Restaurant was empty and it took a half an hour for a waiter to come and take our order for drinks. Would not recommend.
4	Dinner of Christmas Day was great - attentive service without being stuffy, delicious food, and great atmosphere.
3	We stayed at the Trump the last time we were in Vegas and decided to try DJT on our last night before we left.  We had reservations for six pm and was seated at a two person table. It was definitely a small table and was not very comfortable.The restaurant was not too busy and had nice booths. So I asked the hostess if we can switch to the booths and she told us that those were normally for larger groups. But then, these two ladies came after us and they were seated in the booths. WTH man!!!  When our server came, we decided to asked him if we can move to a booth. He went to check with the front and came back and moved us. The seating was definitely better and more comfortable at the booth. Kudos to our server!!! Nice fella and recommended some great wine.  I ordered the prix fix meal for $29 and my boyfriend ordered the 28 day aged prime rib filet. My prix fix meal came with a hamachi crudo dish which was excellent. It was very good..my favorite course of the dinner. For my entree, I ordered the duck confit over squash. This was a good dish but a little bit on the salty side. For dessert, I had creme brulee.. it was good but  the portion was very small. I was also able to try some of my boyfriend's steak and it was pretty decent but definitely not one of the best steaks I have had. The wines that we had were the Brazin red zinfandel and the Justin Cabernet. Both were very excellent wines. Overall it was a good experience. May come back just because it was such an awesome price for the prix fix menu and the food was a-ok!
2	The dining room is gorgeous with marble, mirrors, private and oversized booths. Too bad it's wasted space.We started with curried squash soup with apple slaw, and caprese salad. The soup was highlight of the meal.  Next, we were served a filet atop mashed potatoes, drizzled with a wild mushroom sauce. The filet was cooked well. However, the cut was run of the mill. I had shrimp etouffee with fettuccine. It was the first time I came across an etouffee on a menu, I just had to try it. Sadly, this wasn't the best version of the dish. If it were, it seems I'm not a fan. The shrimp were overcooked, the pasta was sticky and the roux was heavy yet bland.We finished with carrot cake and a chocolate dome. The carrot cake consisted of mostly frosting. WAY too sweet. The dome was fair.Service was sluggish.
4	We stayed at the trump and got in late. But after a full day of work, packing, and flight we were hungry. We checked in around 9:30 and were told the restaurant closes at 10 - but they'd allow us to be seated at 10 so we rushed to our rooms, threw on a quick dress and headed back down stairs. We had a group of 6 and they were pleasant enough considering we arrived at pretty much 10 on the dot. The restaurant is stunning. The seating is laid out very nice and there are great booths and more private booth areas to choose from. All the details are beautiful. The food is good too. Nice wine list and cocktails to choose from. There's a prix fix menu to choose from which makes it all pretty reasonable. We had some hodgepodge assortment of items from the menu and everyone was happy with their selections. The service was just ok, but perhaps we just caught them off guard arriving so late and wanting food, wine and cocktails. If we ever stay again we'll definitely be back again.
2	I would expect more from a hotel mogul such as the Donald. With such amazing restaurants in Las Vegas I don't know why anyone would eat here, aside from convenience. My coworkers and I were beat after working a trade show floor and convenience won. I made reservations for three on a Sunday night for 6:30. I understand that this is not the prime time for dining in Vegas but this joint was Dead with capital D; no reservations would have been needed. The menu had some tantalizing choices, among them a $29 prix fixe which my two coworkers went for and seemed to be pleased with. I on the other hand, was seriously disappointed. I ordered the caesar salad--just fine, nothing amazing, and the pasta which was a carbonara cream sauce with cured meat. My pasta was so salty it was inedible. I understand that this type of pasta is going to be salty but this made my blood pressure skyrocket and my hands swell so much my rings started to cut off my circulation--after only six bites (I tried!). Absolutely disgusting, and I LOVE salt; I couldn't eat it. Our server (if you can call him that--another bus-person/server brought all of the food/drinks out and cleared all of the plates) kindly removed the offending dish from the bill but only after trying to patronize me by saying the dish is salty by nature (duh, dude but you taste it and tell me it is supposed to taste like a salt lick). Overall, I was totally unimpressed. An empty room, unenthused staff and inedible food=big fat NO. Go somewhere else.
3	Recommend the pulled pork sandwich, panini, and most importantly, the waffle fries.
4	It was my first trip to Las Vegas and I ended up staying at the Trump Hotel.  An old friend who now lives in Vegas came to meet me for a drink at the hotel.  I stopped in DJT for dinner first.I loved it.THE GOOD:Impeccable space, very cool.Attentive and personable service (although the pregnant hostess was a bit aloof)The 28 day aged New York Strip was seared so well.  I totally loved it.  It appeared to be almost black on the outside...and a perfect medium rare on the inside.   YUM YUM YUM.Limited menu is always a bonus.They are masters in using the guests' name.  A very simple, yet dying art.NEEDS IMPROVED:Our server said to EVERY TABLE:  ''Is EVERYTHING OK''this is my biggest pet peeve.  I'M NOT EATING EVERYTHING AND OK IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH.  Be more specific.
3	Pricey for what  you get but hey, your in vegas at the Trump. The breakfast selection is good. Try the skillet. The dinner selection has some nice rarities. Be prepared to shell out. There are better places to eat for the $.
3	This is based on breakfast only!  We were staying in the hotel and decided to have breakfast in the hotel.  I will say that I was going to give this place 2 stars because I disliked the hostesses that much, but then I remembered that the food and overall ambiance were really nice, so I bumped it back up.  But, I have this thing with hostesses.  You are the first thing people see when they walk in.  Don't blow me off or talk to your fellow hostess about how last night was.  I waited tables for 5 years, you have quite possibly, the easiest and least important job in the restaurant, don't act like you are so stressed.  Just be friendly, find me a table or ask me to wait and then stand behind your little stand.  Ugh, I'm done ranting about hostesses in general, but these two blew us off and were chatting around us.  I was annoyed to start.But, we got a cup of coffee in the lobby and got our table.  I had an omelette with chicken, peppers, mushrooms, cheese and pesto.  It had a lot going on, but was really yummy.  Hubby got some boring version of the same.  I don't want to brag, but mine was totally better.  Was the food amazing?  No.  Had we not stayed there, I wouldn't have gone.  But, for breakfast in the hotel, I was pretty happy.
4	Came with a few girlfriends on a Saturday night. We were all staying in the hotel and didn't feel like walking down the strip for dinner after a busy day there. Didn't need a reservation and we got a big private booth. Our waiter was attentive and funny, we had a lot of fun with him and he graciously took several photos of us together. The decor of the restaurant is swanky enough that it felt like a special night but were still comfortable laughing and being silly.The bottles of wine were very reasonable and we we enjoyed the one we ordered. They offer a $39 Prix Fixe menu that offers the best deal -- it includes a salad of your choice, one of four entrees and a dessert.I had a delicious heirloom tomato and mozzarella salad that was tangy and sweet. For dinner I had a scallop and lobster bisque that came with a potato spring roll. It was utterly fantastic and I ate every bite. Everyone else really enjoyed their food as well and we were so stuffed by the time dessert came that we could barely eat it.The presentation of all the food is fantastic and everything was hot and really good. We had a great time and I would definitely come back.
3	Had breakfast here as it was conviently located in the same hotel I was staying at (Trump International).  The eggs benedict was OK but the potatoes were average/below average for a breakfast side.  With the high prices they charge here, I would expect nothing less than great.  Service was good and the setting was fine.  I would recommend this if you are in a hurry and do not want to walk, drive, or cab to another location.
2	As write this review of DJT - I asked myself - "What would the Donald say about my experience?"  would he Love it? or would he say "You're FIRED!" I'm afraid to say that the latter might just be his response...  Note - I was here for business and experienced both Dinner & Lunch....Before I dive into the not so great - let's chat about what was right:The ambiance, decor and service was supreme.  In fact, the waiter actually comped us our dessert b/c our entrees weren't up to par (which was a good sign)   The wine selection was also pretty good... The one saving grace was the DJT burger at lunch - a total heartattack - but absolutely wonderful - (think 2 grilled cheeses as the bun for your burger w/criss cut fries as a side - oh so freaking good! - the Donald would definitely approve!) The Trump Hotel is spectacular in itself - it's so luxurious and five star that i'm so surprised the food was sub-par.Now onto NOT making the cut.... -- Dinner was odd.  I'm unsure what to make of DJT's whole menu as it appears to have quite an asian flare.  The eggs rolls, tempura shrimp & apps were fine - nothing too special - which is my theme for this review.  The watermelon & caprese salad just just OK as well.  the biggest downer was our entrees- As for most of the group - our food was overdone.  The halibut with curry sauce was tough - and the Duck Confit (which btw is apparently DJT's favorite thing to order according to our waiter) was also very dry --  what killed me was the mozarella eggroll that was paired with my duck - wtf? it was odd.. very very odd. The steak was apparently OK but nothing really special. The dessert might have saved the evening.  The free panna cotta w/fresh berries was very good but the chocolate dessert option was also a little dry.   Bottom line -  nothing was spectacular - at least not what the Donald would love anyway...  It's hotel food at its best.  It'll do if you are staying at the hotel - but it might  best to take one of the free shuttles to the Wynn or Caesars for a real meal...
4	This is a great little restaurant located in Trump International Hotel. The scenery is classy and elegant. My boyfriend and I just adored the $20 breakfast buffet. I must say though, that while the food is impeccable, the actual menu (aside from the buffet) is a bit lacking. Nonetheless I had the best Eggs Benedict of my life here, and the service was wonderful (super friendly staff).
1	We opted for the a la carte breakfast in lieu of the buffet.  We had a Lobster Crab Frittata $20, and a Bagel with Lox $17, and two cups of Coffee for $4 each.The Lobster & Crab Frittata was over cooked and lacked any seasoning at all.  The seafood although present was overcooked and flavors were non-detectable. The Bagel with Lox was terrible on many levels, obviously DJT knows as much about bagels as he does about pizza.  The bagel itself was doughy and un-bagel like.  The Gravlax was oily and of inferior quality.  The red onion and capers were old and dry, lacking flavor and were obviously prepared days prior.  When I brought this to the attention of the server, there was no consideration given on the bill by restaurant management.  The overall breakfast experience at DJT was overpriced and horrible.
3	still love the dining "suite".  wait! what happened to the white-gloved valet? the trump water in your car? the champagne cart? the finese?  the exquisite food? fine dining IS about DJT.  all the little things that make this a unique destination---where did it go? i rest my case.
5	So, as a Vegas local, I've been wanting to try out Trump International.  What better way then to try their finest dining option.No menus on the website - which is the worst website I've ever seen in my entire life.  Really.No one in the restaurant at 7:30.  Not a good sign.Well, it worked out wonderfully.  Probably the best steak (rib-eye) I've had in Las Vegas, which was completely unexpected.  The chicken wrapped in the saltiest proscuitto in the world was also great (I know it's supposed to be salty).Service, A+Food, A+Dessert, B+Ambiance, C-Wine List, B-Get rid of the DJ in the lobby making noise.  And do something to put more butts in seats.  The ambiance is the anti-STK or SW, etc.
4	Had some ribeye steak and potaters there along with dessert.  The most expensive steak dish was yeah effin good.  It was so damn small though.  About the size of a 10 year old kid's palm.   About 3 bites and it was gone.  Good for people who's on diets.   The desserts were not worth it and I would never order them. the second time around
4	Excellent food, try the reuben, it's one of the best reuben's
2	Went there for lunch and was not impressed. The decor is super nice, ok, but the food is mediocre: the soup was barely warm, the salad tiny, and the chocolate cake was on par with supermarket cakes that you find in lame birthday parties. Considering the price, it is a huge disappointment.
1	Horrible!  We arrived for Valentines day dinner to try a new restaurant.  It was a very empty restaurant and we witnessed the hostess tell a group of three that she cannot seat them in the restaurant and they would have to be sat out in the bar!  To which the lady in the group promptly replied absolutely not....  Ha!   Hostess was very flustered and finally seated us with our menu but no wine or drink list, I  had to ask twice for a wine list before receiving it.  Then the waitress gets my boyfriends drink and doesn't get mine to which I have to order and ask for it again.  The menu for what is supposed to be a fine dining restaurant had a buffalo wing appetizer.  While I like them just not as a fine dining option.  Your steak comes automatically with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables, no other sides to choose from that is it.  For dinner I ordered the Wagyu burger which came cold and the cheese wasn't even melted it was like they stuck it on as an afterthought.  My boyfriend ordered the Filet and it came out well done with 3 random globs of mashed potatoes (wished I took a picture of this crazy plate).  One blob of mashed potatoes was smashed flat into the plate drizzled with some sort of sauce on it and the other 2 blobs of potatoes had the zucchini added into the mashed potatoes!  They literally took the vegetable and mixed it into the mashed potatoes. Very interesting.....  We sent everything back and left the restaurant asap and went to Del Frisco's Steakhouse and had an amazing Valentines dinner with fantastic service!  We are locals and will never go back or recommend we are also in the Concierge industry and will never recommend unfortunately.  The staff was not up to par for a fine dining restaurant.  The manager at DJT was very professional, apologetic and I think was embarrassed at the quality of food put out by the kitchen and took everything off the bill.
4	Nice quiet restaurant.  It is the only choice for dinner at Trump Hotel and we were staying at the hotel so we decided to give it a try.  At dinner, it was quiet and upscale.  The service was excellent.  The lamb chops were melt-in-the-mouth, the potatoes and steak were great too.  I loved the bread basket with a nice variety.  Good wine list.  In the end we chose a Trump wine and enjoyed it very much.  For breakfast, the buffet looked great but cost $25.  I can't eat that much for the cost to be worth it.  I ended up with a $17 bagel with lox and accompaniments and my husband had a "great" egg white omelet.  Definitely would go back for dinner.  Not for breakfast.
1	Brutal diner, rancid  stale bread. Tuna tartar smelled like cologne.Fish was not fresh Can't believe the Donald can't match the rooms with decent food.Also the room service was really bad.Dirty utensils, old stale food.Total waist of $
4	Upgrade suite worth it. I watched "Scarface" on the mirror-cut-to-size TV while I soaked in my Tony Montana tub. The Donald by the way has provided a venue of a classy, non-smokers hotel for us suit-and-tie types. Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner classy without breaking any precedents -- a new chef renegade could make improvements. Too many people at the pool, but then again, this is Vegas and alas, unavoidable. I could have stayed in my air-conditioned suite all day and been fine with it. Too many porn options on the TV, but then again, this is Vegas. I wish there had been HBO. Still, I felt like I partied on the sofa like a Donald. #smartass
1	Slow service and the $10 bowl of tomato soup may as well been Campbell's :( disappointing!
2	Had a business breakfast at the main lobby restaurant (The DJT) at the Trump Hotel.Had to wait 30 minutes for a table for 6 at 8:00 AM and there was not much of a line. Understaffed. The Starbucks coffee was OK, but the Eggs Benedict were just OK and at $16 a pop more than a bit overpriced IMHO. Once we were seated the waitstaff did their best but overall would have been better service in a blue plate diner on Main Street in Anytown USA. Not impressive for what seeks to be a worldclass hotel.Hotel rooms are nice but will have breakfast somewhere else tomorrow.
3	DONALD!!!!!!' Your Vegas property is screaming for you to check in!!!! Ugh.... My room is great. My maid service has been good. The food at DJT...disappointing!  Your house wine is just ok. I ordered the lamb and ...YUK!  Had to send it back. Which I don't do often. Replaced it with the 6oz filet. Which was simply mediocre. How hard is it to by decent meat and cook it well?  NOT hard. For $36 for lamb, you'd better know how to cook it. c'mon!!My server was sweet and kind and replaced my order immediately. She also asked the manager to delivery replacement meal. He was apologetic and kind. Good customer service. But they never should have gotten to this point with my meal. Not recommended to eat here.
2	After browsing Yelp reviews and pictures, we didn't have a high hope, but decided to consider our breakfast as a ticket to enter this property.As expected, our waffles and pancakes were mediocre. Service was slow. My waffles came without maple syrup, and when I pointed that out, the server said we could share my wife's syrup that came in a tiny espresso cup sized container... WHAT? He immediately realized his mistake and gave me another one, but he shouldn't have said such a ridiculous thing in the first place.Hot tea came without the lid on the pot. Paint on the chairs was worn off. Lack of attention to details was observed everywhere. And $40 for two, for all that.Sorry, Donald. If that's your definition of luxury, I'm disappointed.
4	Second stay at Trump Tower. Loved the hotel both times - great place for a lady traveling. Room large, free coffee and water in the room, free internet, bathroom with a tv in the mirror (hey, I watched tv while drying my hair - that's luxury!). Only thing missing was a robe - and I thought they provided robes in the room to borrow? Maybe I dreamed that?Had a late flight and since I had to check out of my room hung out in the bar area. Had snacks to eat and since it was happy hour had a couple glasses of red wine. Still got my free internet so I could wrap up business and not be days behind when I got back home. Waiter very polite, kept my water glass full, and brought me food and wine in a timely manner. Great way to end my business trip.Situation at the bar - couple had a loud and rambunctious child. After some time the hostess finally asked them to move so the rest of us grownups could enjoy ourselves. I really appreciated her taking are of this situation.
1	Where to begin on this fiasco the 4 cups of 16 oz glasses of orange juice equaling out to $20 !! no water on the table no re fills for orange juice, burnt English muffin on eggs Benedict , extremely rude service bye wait staff after being told to wait 15 min on a sat morning day before Easter then after getting to our tables another 5 10 minutes to find our server who we still have no idea name or no name greeting to the waitstaff  hostess talking about us when we can see what there saying and when there pointing MOST UNPROFESSIONAL  RESTAURANT ON THE STRIP. We should of ate at the coffee and donuts shop in the lobby would of been a faster and nicer service then inside the restaurant. When we complained about the burn't toast see pics they laughed and we saw them. Being a cook myself I hold standards. The eggs Benedict sauce was bland tasted store bought. The prices just extremely pricey for breakfast at Donald Trump hotels las vegas they only offer DJT and dine room service however if the food nearly tasted as bad as the experience and I mean the overall experience was that bad I would never step foot in a DJT OR TRUMP hotel ever again. You would think that if a customer sent back a burnt muffin that the GM would of at least looked at our bill and comped the food on that item or walked over and talked to us and said sorry for the mishap however they stood on there perch on the wall near the kitchen door. I am shocked at this experience. I highly recommend eating else where on top of it our bill was 50 + something with no comps VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED
1	Slow service and overpriced mediocre food. This restaurant is located within the Trump Hotel. Since we were already staying at Trump and didn't want to venture out for food, the group of 9 of us ate lunch here. Throughout the entire lunch, service was extremely SLOW. There weren't many guests at the restaurant and the wait staff seemed to be standing around a lot of the time as if they weren't working. We waited a long time for our water/coffee to come, and even longer for our food to come. The service was pretty terrible as the staff seemed rude and even disengaged. They came to our table a total of 3 times (once to take our order, once to serve water/coffee and once to serve our food). The food here was mediocre but definitely not worth the price tag. A burger was $18, but definitely did not taste that great to justify the price. I would NOT recommend this place, even if you were looking for something convenient. You will end up saving time by going somewhere else because the service is so slow here.
2	2.5 StarsService was slow, food was slow.We both had the eggs Benedict, it was okay.  There was a super rich spread on the English Muffin, so it wasn't crunchy.  The sauce was rich as well.  The eggs were cooked right.  The potatoes were good, everything is just overpriced.
3	I ate here after being hungover from the night before. So I was looking for greasy food. This place was in the hotel I was staying at so no hangover taxi ride to the strip. I just woke up and walked down to the restaurant. The egg Benedict however, is not that great, it's just food plated with style.
