5	The Mission, if we chose to accept it, was to find the wine that "felt like a circus in your mouth." Who wouldn't want to take up this task? We certainly decided it was a worthy cause. At 8:45 p.m. on Saturday, we pulled up to the brand new BevMo in Tempe Marketplace. When we slipped past the sliding doors, my date let out an excited observation, "This must be what heaven is like." We began to walk down the middle of the store, where boxes of wine on sale separate the store into two - on your left is the beer and wine; one your right is the alcohol, mixing ingredients and glass ware. We veered to the left. I walked slowly down the beer aisles, looking at each one, my curiosity piqued. I become very excited to see three offerings from Breckenridge Brewery (the Avalanche being my favorite), as well as a few choices from Rogue Brewery - wow! They even had the Hazelnut Brown! Yes, maybe this was heaven after all...My date found the bottle of wine and, upon the prompting over the PA system, decided it was time to leave. I held back, considering buying some brew. I finally decided to pick up the Avalanche Ale to keep us company while watching the Oscars. My date joked with the store manager about BevMo points - enough will earn you a free kidney or liver. I was surprised they didn't bag my beer, for I was under the impression it was state law (at least that's what somebody told me once at AJ's). In any case, we paid for our heavenly libations and walked out of the store - only to see a handful of well-manicured women walking up to the store front. "Sorry, we're closed," the young man at the front said to them. I stopped. "But, look at them. They're so pretty." And they were. My date remarked, "C'mon, she's got a crown on." The young man asked what they wanted. Turns out the young beauty in a shimmering gold dress (and crown) was turning 21 that night. Just one drink, is what they said they wanted. The young man obliged. We left smiling, thinking we had done a good thing by helping to persuade the young man to let them into the store. I mentioned the timing of the situation, how us being there at the right time allowed the 21 year-old to have a fun birthday. My date, always so witty, said we probably aided in the woman getting so blitzed, she'll get knocked up. Either way, we decided she was going to have a great night! As for the circus in our mouths, we picked up a Cab that was really, really, really good. Now, I'm no wine expert. And I certainly don't know anything about the circus. But I can see why somebody would say the wine was like a circus in his mouth - acrobatic flavors with a strong finish. Very nice... It reminded me of a poem I read back in college. All I can remember are my favorite lines. They go something like this: "I've been in your body/And it was paradise/I've been in your body/And it was a carnival ride." BevMo, I love you.
5	Bevmo? What's it stand for? My date and I were trying to figure this out. Is it some acronym, or truncated words combined together? It's a mystery. I think Bevmo stands stands for " Mo' Better Beverages for you MoFos" Either way they could call this place Shaft Shingles of Moist Carcinogens (4 of my least favorite words in the English language)  and I'd still go running in this store like some Overweight Middle American running into Best Buy on Black Friday. I always think about those idiots, running like mad to save 10% off on Plasma TV, fighting their way, using their cart as a shield. I never could relate until I walked into BevMo. We had 15 minutes, and with 2 Aquarius people, 15 minutes in a new place is no where near enough time. Once I determined the wine I needed to get, (confirming with my wine source, know as "Deep Cork",on my cell ) I made my way to the beer section. This is where I felt the hand of God, slowly easing me down the beer aisle. I heard over the loud speaker "you have 15 minutes to make your purchases" I thought yelling "Hey, I am having a religious moment here!" Seeing the range of beers from all my favorite Rogue brews, to Black Flag, to Czar, I was amazed by the selection. I turned a corner and found myself in the "Mainstream Beer" section. Once I got to the Miller Chill and Bud Light section, I swallowed the vomit that had come up in my throat (due the shite beer presentations) and proceeded to pull myself and my date reluctantly to pay. I would have spent at least an hour in here, exploring the variety of everything. I made an observation on our way out that being a beer connoisseur  is much easier than a wine connoisseur. I mean, the flavors and variety, and range of beer is much easier to distinguish than wine. I still like wine, (don't panic) but I am learning to appreciate beer in many ways. Hmm I think I'd take a great beer of over a great glass of wine in most situations.....
5	I'm SO glad they opened up a BevMo that's somewhat near me. This place is great. They have a diverse wine selection. My husband and I are going to Argentina in a few weeks, and I wanted to find some wines from vineyards we'll be visiting -- it was easy here. There were a lot of different choices, and  I ended up buying a great bottle of Tapiz malbec for $17. It was wonderful.- It's not worth deducting any starts, but the only teeny-tiny complaint I have about this place is its closeness to ASU and, therefore, the likelihood that you'll wander past a few Typical Frat Guys who are discussing what "great chard" will impress this "chick" they want to "get on."Umm.... none?Ick.
4	BevMo fills me with glee. It's totally where bartenders die and go to heaven. Need some signature Trader Vic's Mai Tai mix swimming with delicious corn syrup and tangy citric acid? You'll find it here. In fact, if I won some kind of sweepstakes where I had 5 minutes to grab as much as I could at a store, I would probably come here. From Jager dispensers to wine, hard to find micro-brews to random imported rums and every mixer you can imagine, if it's on your list, look no further.
3	It's the Wal-Mart of liquor stores. They close too early to be fully useful. The prices are too high to appeal to the thrifty shopper. The selection is vast and wide, yet there are still items they are missing. It lacks the charm of shopping at specialty stores as well as the employee expertise. I can't really see the point of this place. If you're having a party and you need multiple types of alcohol for the various tastes of your guests - go to a grocery store... they usually have a decent enough selection and fair prices and you aren't going to go splurge on exotic alcohol for your asshole friends who aren't even gong to help you clean up the place in the morning. The fact that it's in a College zone makes even less sense. If you want to buy some good wine - there are several good wine stores (like AZ Wine for example) around the valley with knowlegable staff to help you out. If you want some obscure beers, Papago Brewery will set you up. There's just no substitute for asking someone who knows the product what something tastes like or what would be good for your special occasion.As for pricing, many items we were looking at were priced higher than grocery or convenience store prices... however, I'll have to admit that this place does have some fantastic deals - if you don't mind what you drink, then come here for the sales. The website is currently showing a sale in which you buy one bottle of wine for 5 dollars and get a second for 5 cents. That's value. Obviously people like having a BevMo in town, but I'm not completely sold on it. I'm going to have to revisit it a few more times to see if it can win me over. I want to give this a 2.5, but I'll round up rather than down to give this place the benefit of the doubt. I'll have to admit that it's undeniably convenient having all of those options under one roof... it's a shame they close at 9pm. Lucky for you, their website is open 24/7. Still, Wal-Mart isn't good for anyone and I'm skeptical of this whole BevMo thing. If it takes business away from my favorite spots, I'll be angry... and BevMo... you won't like me when I'm angry.
4	BevMo is like Toys-R-Us for adults.  The first time I walked in my jaw dropped and I was in awe.  Great, great, great prices.  We bought all of our alcohol for our wedding here - liquor, wine, champagne, kegs.  They gave us a 10% discount on all of our wine & champagne because we had gone over the case limit as well as a $10 off coupon.  You can earn bonus points if you sign up to get a BevMo card and we have already received a 5% off coupon.  After our wedding we were even allowed to return the liquor that had not yet been open. They also have wine tasting on the weekend, but it is for a cost...I think $2.  The only downfall is it is in a warehouse style room and the wine tasting area is awkward and was not well thought out.  But it is never too crowded and you never have to wait in line long. The best part is by far the killer prices.  Cheers!
3	So Bev Mo is pretty unremarkable. It's a big-box store dedicated to all things beverage.  It's a great one-stop shop for a drinking party.  I like the idea of it, but I feel dirty inside like I'm cheating on my locally-owned drive-thru, ghetto-ass liquor store. My friends and I were searching for non-alcoholic beer because we were hoping for a different kind of buzz.  That search led us here because we knew their selection for that would include much more than your standard O'Douls.  Our discerning tastes are unflappable.  We scored some non-alcoholic Paulaner that our recovered alcoholic in the group was very pleased by.On the way out, we stopped and sampled some Newcastle, uttered some oohs and aaahs, swilled it as if we hade never tasted such brew, thanked the promoter for her generosity and made our way toward the check out.  I bought two Callaway Chardonnays as part of the Buy One, Get the Second for a Nickel wine sale - which ends this weekend, btw.If not for the wine sale and selection of obscure beers, I'm not sure I would come here. You can find much of what is here at other more esteemed wine stores.
5	Run don't walk to the Scottsdale BevMo...Don't go here for wine..there are too many great places for that go here for the Liquor and beer selection..This is the ultimate shop for both at least at Scottsdale and Shea.  Looking for that rum from Haiti(yup they have it!)  Want that hard to find Bourbon they have it...My liver alternately hurts and leaps for joy when I walk in here!.  Service stinks generally but hey so what they have everything and then some..Want your beer or wine cold they have it in the cooler in the back.  Need some cigars and cheese..got it.  Really everytime I go I discover something new to like here. Cheers!
5	You know the scene in the original Willy Wonka, where he finally takes the kids into the chocolate room and the looks on their faces as if they've gone to heaven as he tells them 'Hold your breath, make a wish, count to three...'? That's me walking into BevMo.Its a drunk's paradise!  With prices so low and a selection so vast it literally made my head spin. I've dreamed of a giant warehouse full of liquor, I just never imagined I'd actually see it.  Until I got to BevMo.  We were there for liquor (in which the only problem was so many choices!), so I can't speak to their wine selection.  We ran out of time after perusing all the yummy beers available. But I'm going to imagine that whatever you are looking for, they'll have it.I'm not sure what happens to us when we die, but if there's a heaven, it has a BevMo. So for all you drunks on a budget, "Come with me, and you'll be, in a world of pure imagination..."
5	BevMo is like Toys R Us for alcoholics. This is THE place to go for a fantastic selection of beer, wine and liquor. I'm a bit and an import/foreign snob, so there's nowhere else in the valley I can go to get my Thai, Singapore, Chinese, Indian and other beers. There selection of ales and lagers from The UK is particularly impressive. They also have some good deals on wine. My only complaint is that they don't have enough South African red wines to choose from. But the good news is that I'm always able to find something I'll enjoy. They also have party accessories and equipment such as Margarita machines, and good selection of drink vessels and other items to make your next part memorable.I always feel that rush of excitement whenever I walk through BevMo's doors!
4	I have totally mixed feelings about bev-mo but I do have my card and I just got a coupon in the mail so that means I have spent at least $250 there. I try and avoid any corporate giants but I make an exception in this case. When I lived on the other side of town I only went to plaza but I can walk to bev-mo so I am pretty frequent here. I can say as a beer and wine snob of sorts they have a very good selection of beers. The wine selection is adequate especially if you know wines, there are a lot of safe picks on the shelves. I love the fact that i can pull in and do a one stop gift shop. They have the wine bags with tissue paper and cool stemware along with party food. The liquor selection is good and you have all your mixers right there, I like that too. Another thing that I love about bev-mo is the keg selection, it is hard to find a good keg in this town, unless you think American sh-will is good. I am talking imports from Belgium and fine domestic craft brews. I can say that convenience is not cheap but I like being able to go in and get everything I need, They also have a good selection of micro soda's which is cool!
3	Bev Mo is a great place to pick up most of your alcohol needs. Why only three stars?  With the idea of an inclusive liquor store, I had hoped it would be easy to find a few of my favorites. I've tried to find some guatemalan beer and some miller chill in cans and have so far been unsuccessful.  I have however looked up the miller chills on their website and they are there!  None of the guatemalan..  I also looked for tripel karmeleit but not there.Aside from that, it has pretty much whatever you need.  There is an impressive selection of bottled soda.  I am looking forward to going  back just for that reason.  And to brows through some wine and beer.
3	I'm split down the middle on this one - I'm not a big beer/wine fan (which they have tons of)... The Liquor selection is good and resonably priced, but I do feel like I'm shopping at a Kmart.I prefer to get my booze at smaller locally-run joints like Sportsmans on Camelback.
5	SIX (6) DIFFERENT TYPES OF GLUTEN-FREE BEER.  Including 3 types of imported gluten-free Belgian brews.  ftw.[/end review]Addendum:  I guess if I wasn't gluten-free I would go 3 stars. Their beer selection was pretty decent.  They had a lot of Belgian Ales and imports, but Sun Devil Liquor has a larger selection.
3	BevMo. Even the name sounds lame, suburban and depressing. And it is. Add in the Tempe Marketplace road rage (really? Is a four-way stop that hard to figure out?), and you're going to need whatever it is you're purchasing before you even get home. Not that I'm promoting drinking while driving. But I'd be lying if I said it had never crossed my mind. Anyway. Mama needs her medicine, and BevMo's got it. But I'd rather get well with a trip to Top's or Fresh & Easy. Or even Safeway, for christsakes. After all, the prices at BevMo are nothing to write home about, and the selection - while extensive - isn't particularly exciting. The staff is fine. Just inexperienced, unhelpful and a little clumsy. However. And this is a big however. The buy-one-get-one-for-a-nickel sale is incredible. I just spent $55 on eight bottles of pretty good wine. Even better, you can order online and pick it up in-store an hour later. Prepaid and boxed up for you, so no waiting in line or trying to elbow your way through a sea of ASU girls in butt-cheek shorts or guys in date-rapist-in-training attire. Or worse yet, bum-me-out suburban moms buying white zinfandel.All this makes BevMo sorta like that old ex-boyfriend whose number you still keep: great a few times a year, but don't linger in the snack aisle a second more than necessary.
4	It's a BevMo.  I love the selection, but I was disappointed that they never got my BevMo membership number attached to my phone number, as I didn't have the card on me, and didn't have time to fill out another form.  Fortunately, I knew another number that would offer the club price!  I went in for a birthday gift for my grandfather, what else do you get someone that just turned 71 but Godiva Chocolate Liqueur...hell, if I make it to 71 I'll drink constantly!It was Easter Sunday when we went in, but the store was not over crowded.  The clerks weren't that friendly, but I'm letting it slide because of the holiday.  Had the service been just a little better, they would have gotten the elusive 5th star.  For now, until I go again, they will just have to suck it up at 4 stars.
5	LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HI I'm Mark I'm an alcoholic.............HI MARK...........just kiddin this place has great prices on a fab wine and beer and hard liquor as well as tasty little noshes.
4	If you need something obscure, or you need to get everything you need in one place, then here you go.  I also love how many different 1 shot mini bottles BevMo has to choose from.
4	Yes. Tempe Marketplace is akin to the seventh circle of hell. I completely agree. That said, it's worth it to brave the confused old farts and aggro shopper moms, if afterwards you can dull the pain with my latest most favorite thing ever, Jamaican Weed Sweet Tea vodka. The selection is fabulous, the prices good, and the huge display of airplane bottles by the checkout is the ideal way for the impulse shopper to have a taste-testing extravaganza. There is an impressive variety of Torani syrups, which we like in our coffee around my house. Even the snacks and cheeses look delish (although I am reticent to purchase cheese or chocolate in August, lest they melt instantaneously). Finally, Bevmo offers me the prized ONE STOP SHOPPING for holiday and birthday gifts. "One for them, one for me. One for them, two for me." Fab!
5	How can you hate a place that sells wall to wall booze?  You can't!I like having wine around the house anyways, but this time was different.  I am having Thanksgiving dinner with a girlfriend of mine and shes a red wine drinker.  I only have white wine in my house.  So, off to Bevmo I went.I have been to Bevmo before, just not this location.  I had to drive through Tempe Marketplace, unfortunately, as the McClintock entrance was closed...I had to enter through Rio Salado.  UGH!  Why they had it all blocked off is beyond me.Anyways, once I was in the store, everything was great.   Bevmo is always so clean and organized!  wall to wall wine and all kinds of other booze and booze accesories as well. I could just spend tons of money on nothing here.I had some questions about red wine, and the guy who helped me was knowledgeable and paid attention to me.  He asked a few questions, and led me to the section of where I should be to get the right kind.Overall experience within the store itself was 5 stars.
4	I am a total fan! I came in 10 minutes before close (sorry employees!) and they were still super nice to me. I love their selection and I cant wait to go back and buy wine. This trip I was picking up torani syrups because i'm on an italian soda kick. They had so many great flavors! my current fav is peach :)   I totally need to take advantange of their .05c wine sale one of these days...Getcho booty patooty over there.
4	This place is incredible! Just about every kind of liquor you can imagine! I love the writing along the walls as well, makes it less of a warehouse. If you are as big a wine drinker as I am than you are bound to find something you like as well as necessities needed for your glasses, storing or pouring. Have to love the 5 cents sales! They happen several times of year and if you join their email list, you get to check out the bottles and even have them pack things up for you in an hour and be ready when you arrive. And if you join their club you earn points towards reward cash. Check out the wine tastings as well.
5	Great selection, prices and service.  I go here every once in a while when I need some alcohol but this review is more about a lesser known service that Bevmo provides.Every couple of weeks they have one of their wine distributors come in to do a "class".  Well I guess it is more of an information session than a formal class.  Anyway, a guy brings in about 5 or 6 wines and provides information about where they come from and other misc. info.  The guy has lots of great stories and provides some interesting details about the wines.  Each session is about a different wine region and/or type of wine and is about an hour.  It costs just a few bucks and you get 5-6 good size pours along with some cheese and prosciutto.  It really is a great value and a pretty good time.  Not many people show up so its not that bad when I ask stupid questions.  Last night was the 3rd class I've been to so far and as always it was a good time and very informative.Talk to Jim, Bevmo's manager if you are interested in signing up for the next class.  He will add you to their list and shoot you an email with details when the next class is coming up.
4	This is like seriously the best Bevmo in the world. I've been to other Bevmos and they don't compare. The selection is giant (although they DON'T HAVE RASPBERRY GINGERALE! ... I'll forgive them.) Chances are that if you want something related to alcohol, they'll have it. The prices are kind of high but still way cheaper than they would be at some snobby pretentious import liquor store. I like my shopping carts thank you very much!!I've never had a question go unanswered here. Their employees are very knowledgeable. The only problem I have is that sometimes they don't card me and uh...I seriously look like I'm 14. That worries me greatly since it's so close to the college.
2	I broke up with BevMo when Total Wine Opened up.
4	I only go to Bev Mo for their 5 cent sale. Awesome deal. But remember not all wines are part of that deal so make sure you are getting the 5 cent bottles. But I love buying a $25.00 bottle of wine and getting the second for 5 cents!!! They also have tons of liqueur and if you are looking for something unique they probably stock it. If you are a wino like me, then Bev Mo is a must!
4	you like to drink? you like variety in you alcoholic beverages? You like to save money? then Bevmo should be your next destination for all your drinking needs. Nice clean location. I personally prefer Bevmo over Total Wine. Bevmo ended up having the Coconut Ciroc that i was on the hunt for, and for that reason alone they won my love. I love this place because you can always find something you have never seen/heard of before, and they have all kinds of yummy goodies as well that go perfect with whatever your drink of choice is.
4	Ah Bev Mo the Toys R Us store for alcoholics.  I love this place they have everything and more when it comes to snacks and booze.  I shop here for the tremendous beer selection especially the Abita beers from New Orleans.  They always have great deals and the 5 cent wine sale they have is awesome.
2	BevMo just ain't all that, yo.  The prices, selection, and quality of staff is lacking severely in comparison to Total Wine & More. It's convenient for me, as it's close to my home, but with prices sometimes being 20% higher than Total, it's typically a better idea for me to head over to Total, and stock up.
4	i would like to just take a moment and say how much Bevmo has grown on me...(deep sigh).... Bevmo, you just have everything i need to get my buzz and munchies on and you don't know how much that means to me. (tear)The lover and I decided to tap into our beer side and see what really turns us on and i must admit.. we had SO much fun just wondering around and looking at all the different kinds of brews that are out there. It was like Halloween but with beer. Got home with our sack full of goodies and of course had to try all of them that night and now we are officially drinkers of non-domestic beers.I am very open to other cultures.. i mean how could i not beer their alcohol content is so much higher than ours.. makes us Americans look like a bunch of lightweights.Thanks Bevmo, your such a good pal.
3	I don't like coming to this location since it requires navigating a mall parking lot (something I would put on the same level as having a splinter under your fingernail - effing annoying). And yes, there's something about buying liquor or beer that feels off when it's done in such a clean, brightly lit store. But every time I've come here the service has been excellent.And on my most recent visit, I was impressed enough to be bothered to write a yelp review. I came on the next-to-last-day of one of their 5 cent wine sales. I wasn't sure what to expect, and I honestly thought the selection would be a handful of crap wines. But the selection was HUGE and, more importantly, GOOD. I was going to buy about 12 bottles for a party and was totally overwhelmed. But an employee (Ross) approached me and then gladly spent 20-25 minutes with me. I told him the occasion, the budget and what I personally preferred (pfft, If I'm buying you drink what I like) and he went to work. He was incredibly knowledgeable without coming off as condescending or pretentious, and he was patient (even though the place was packed and there were dozens of people to help) and didn't rush me. On a general note, they obviously have a huge selection of beers you won't find at most liquor stores and I find them to be comparably priced, or competitively priced if you get their bevmo card.
4	mmmmm - wine mmmmmm - beer mmmmmm - well yes, I am a lush and this is lush heaven!  Thanks Bevmo.Only one not great experience here and it was customer service orientated, let's just say there is a lot to know about wine and just because someone is in flip-flops doesn't mean they want a $5 bottle...
2	Huge selection of wine, booze and beer along with other bar/party type items. Snack food is really overpriced. My biggest complaint about this place is the lack of good craft beer that is kept cold. They have a big selection but 98% of it sits on a warm store shelf where it can go bad fast.  For my money I'd rather shop for beer at AJ's, Sun Devil, Tops or Papago but for wine and booze Bevmo is more than adequete.Prices can also be surprisngsly higher than their competitors.
4	If you're looking for anything alcoholic or even non-alcoholic, this is the place. They have vodka, beer, a huge wine selection and also sparkling juices. They sell little trinkets (wine glasses, wine toppers etc..)They had a buy one get 2nd bottle for $0.05 deal which is great!!I signed up for a BevMo membership card and apparently you can cheaper prices.
4	BevMo is my number two choice for my boozin needs. This particular location has a very good party scene selection... thousand packs of Coors Lite for two dollars and things like that. But they also have a pretty good selection of craft brews and local stuff. Plus lots of options for the harder liquors and pretty fair prices. I'm honestly a bigger fan of Total Wine, the interior here is somewhat hospital like, but they still have some good stuff and knowledgeable staff.
4	i finally became a bev mo member because i bought some alcohol there and to get the sales prices, i had to be a member. the store was clean and neat and they helped me find what i was looking for.
4	Good selection, but not the best. I have fun shopping for wine here, but I don't always find my local favorites. The 5 cent time sale is a great idea!
4	They always have either what I'm looking for or a really good alternative!
1	I will first off state I will never be returning to any Bevmo. I decided to place an on-line order on the bevmo website to make things more convient. After deciding what I wanted it gave me two options either pick it up in the store or have it delivered. I chose to pick it up. I was then prompted to enter my credit card information. This was going to work perfectly as my girlfriend needed my debit card. I drove down to the store after work to pick up my order. When I arrived the first gentleman asked for my credit card first thing( not even my ID). I let him know that I already paid on line and I showed him the printed confirmation page I had with me. He said let me get the manager and walked off. I was left standing there wondering why he even needed the manager as he did not explain to me. The next gentleman came up who introduced himself as the manager. He told me he needed the credit card. I explained to him why I did not have it. I asked why they had the ability to order on line and pay using a credit card if I needed to bring it in with me. He told me so I didn't have to stand in line. Well this makes sense except with one huge flaw! Why not have the website setup to place the order and then require the payment to be made once you arrive at the store. I work in the credit card processing industry and from a business standpoint there there should be no reason to charge the card on line if you require the card to be presented once they arrive. You pay twice as much for a keyed transaction on line than if you were to swipe the card in person(which makes the most sense since your required to bring it with anyways). I was refunded the money but guess what now I cannot use that money for 24-48 hours until it has been released back to my card which completely screwed me out of leaving and purchasing beer later. This is a completely unacceptable way to  operate an on line service that is put in place for convience when it does the complete opposite and does nothing to speed up the process.
5	What can I say...I love me some BevMo.  Let me get this straight....I can go to a liquor store that is clean, with a tremendous beer selection.  Sign me up!The employees have always been very helpful, especially the guy with the beard and long hair in a ponytail.  He really takes pride in his job and is very knowledgeable, especially about beer.  I also love how you can get all kinds of cool mugs and glasses here.  One stop shop.
1	So after waiting over 2 weeks for the trasnaction to be returned to my credit card like the manager promised would happen within 1 day. I noticed i have no credit to my debit card for the money Bevmo stole from me. I called and spoke to the manager on duty today and he informed me that he reported my card stolen and handed all my information over to the police??? Are you kidding me. I use my debit card every day. And sorry buddy but i work in credit card processing and I know that no bank on this planet would allow any transaction to go through on a stolen credit card. Moral of the story is Bevmo completely lied and stole my money and told me I had to speak to the police? This is ridiculous and I will be looking to bring legal action for Slander. I do not appreciate a business lying and telling the Police a complete lie. Thank you BEVMO you have not only lost me as a customer but every person i know.
4	A great store to find wine and various other alcohol related items. The employees are all helpful and the selection is massive!
5	Love this place.You can find practically anything here. They have a great wine selection as well as a decent beer selection. The 5 cent wine sale is awesome, but just know that its one bottle at regular price and a second, same bottle for 5 cents.I love their booze selection. Tons of different kinds of most things. They have some great stuff in their cases too. They have the best vodka selection around. Almost every brand and flavor imaginable.And my absolute favorite part of Bevmo, the airline bottles. They have an amazing selection up by the registers. They make perfect gifts and are a great way to try a kind of liquor that youre not sure if youll like or not.
4	Prices can only be beat by costco. Great selection
5	Love the selection! Friendly people and a calm atmosphere. Could use maybe a drink directory of like how to make certain drinks and where in the store to find the specific alcohol and components but other than that I'd totally go back.
4	BevMo doesn't have as wide of a selection of alcoholic beverages as Total Wine, but I appreciate the fact that they also have non alcoholic beverages and mixers in addition to their selection of spirits, wine, and beer. I browsed around and saw various diet tonic and regular tonic waters, craft sodas, various flavors of bitters- very nice! I went here in search of some soju or sochu. They only had one variety, but I did eye a bottle of lychee liquor that was next to it. Overall, it's a good place to shop for beverages.
4	While I live closer and really like their main competitor, this is the only place that sells one of my favorite Mescals (not the cheap stuff with a worm in it).  When you have spent a little time in Oaxaca, toured the distilleries and tasted some of the best and a few of the area bootleg varieties,you develop the palate (think the Napa Valley of Mescal).  Don't ever confuse Mescal for Tequila. And real Mescal doesn't have the worm.  [steps down off soapbox]While my favorite distillery is still working on all the politics of getting their product distributed to the states my 2nd favorite place has those issues worked out. Los Amantes Mescal Reposado
2	Very nice store, but I ran into a bad employee that will make me never go back to this location and they didn't get any of my business, nor will they ever. I walked into the store and was looking at specialty sodas with my boyfriend. I cannot eat sugar, so I was looking for diet sodas while he was looking at what he wanted to buy. An employee came up to me and said in an EXTREMELY condescending manner, "are you finding your soda OK?" He was not asking sincerely if I wanted help, nor did he even stop to help me if I needed help. It sounded as if he was mocking the fact that I was looking at non-alcoholic sodas rather than hard liquors. You sir, were a complete jerk to customers with no reason. I would have purchased from this store, as well as purchased more expensive items from the store, but his lack of concern for the customer was unbelievable. I can definitely take a joke and have a sense of humor myself, but there is no reason to mock a customer and not offer any support, help or offer other products I may be interested in.
5	The staff here is always super knowledgeable on what you should get based on what you know you like. Every recommendation they make it spot on. They always seem to have a great wine sale going on too. Check it out!
5	Coming from California, and in the area for Spring Training, I was looking for Olde Style (yes, cheap lager) that isn't sold back home.  I called a few places around town (including Total Wine) and no one could confirm that they had Old Style in stock or in sufficient quantities.  The guy answering the phones at BevMo, however, not only checked the inventory on the computer but also walked the floor to let me know how much beer they had.  Now that's customer service!  I showed up later that day and all the Olde Style I wanted was right there.  Thanks BevMo.
2	Good selection, terrible prices. Honestly, anyone who purchases beer here must not know it's less expensive literally anywhere else in he valley.The 5 cent wine sale is awesome, so are the craft beer glasses, but that's about it. Their hours suck.
3	This BevMo gets the job done in a pinch, but my loyalties still lie with Total Wine.The 5 cent wine sale is a steal, practically highway robbery, and I've discovered a couple of favorites during its run. They have fun tastings on Friday and Saturday afternoons, also a couple of fun discoveries made there too. Their wine selection just isn't as great as TW in my opinion, but I think their prices on hard liquor are better. They also have a nice variety of regional sodas, snacks, drinking accessories, and other food stuffs and things that add to the beverage experience.The lines are typically too long because they never have enough cashiers; I don't know if it's bad timing or just poor staffing. I tend to come after work when everyone else is also planning to drink the day away.Overall, a decent option for a liquor and fermented grape fix.
2	For a beverage superstore, this BevMo has an appallingly poor selection of wines.  I was shopping for kosher wines, in particularly, and found only two selections (not counting kiddush wines).  Total Wines has more than a dozen, by comparison.  A quick perusal of some of my other favorite categories showed a weird mixture of cheap off or unknown brands and a smattering of standards, but no imagination, no creativity, and no fun.
2	I was pleased with the store overall, however I had an issue with a store associate. The "wine expert" was helping us locate a particular wine that they did not have in stock. After returning from checking their inventory, we were told that the wine is not stocked and also their competitor (total wine and more) also didn't have it in stock according to their website. I checked the website, and it was in stock. I won't do business with a company who lies to their customers in an effort to try and make another sale. Shame on you Bevmo.
5	Could spend hours here. It's almost worse than me being in a shoe store.Nothing bad to say. One suggestion though, if there is a way to get your winter and seasonal beers out sooner, that'd be great! I've been waiting forever for Brown Shugga!
4	Bumping it up a star for the tastings. Now that there's a TW in the same shopping center, I've made the rounds to both for tastings and I like BevMo's because it's always the same guys doing the tastings. TW is great and it's nice to have another option in the area, but I'm now a BevMo girl and prefer the experience over TW.Also, can't beat the 5 cent wine sale which is basically year-round and not a limited time as the word "sale" implies.
