1	So...This place is right down the road from where I work so it's convenient and I always like to support local businesses rather than chains whenever possible. However, I went for a brake job and got charged $350 or so to have that done (just pads, not rotors or anything.) I'm not entirely sure that's a good price considering I'm not a car person, but many people said I paid WAY too much. That, however is not my biggest problem with this place...When I went to pick up my car, he did my emissions WITHOUT MY CONSENT and billed me the $35 for it. It wasn't even due for two more months! On top of that, when I was looking at it today, the sticker doesn't even have the correct odometer reading for my car! As I said, I'm not a car person, but I can read numbers that are approximately 8,000 miles off. The sticker was written in two difference color pen (so let's put this together and have the "ahh" moment that something's not quite right about that.) I'm not sure what he was trying to pull, but you can be sure some authority will be informed (as soon as I figure out whom that would be.)Overall, I'd stay away from this place. From what I've experienced, he seems very sketchy.
5	The nonprofit organization for which I work has been using Andy's to take care of our fleet vehicles for years, and we have never had a problem. He has always been up front with us about pricing estimates before doing the actual work. There was also one time when we asked him to look into a problem that he had tried to fix previously but which was still occurring. We told him that due to financial constraints, we didn't want to go over $100 if possible. When the diagnosis snowballed, he donated the parts and labor.I have also taken my personal vehicles to Andy. One car was creaking very badly, and it turned out that lubricant just needed to be sprayed into some of the joints underneath. He put the car on the lift, showed me exactly where to spray, and didn't charge me for the time or for the spraying he had done.
