5	I must have poor taste when it comes to Mexican food based on the review below because I think Big Burrito is pretty damn tasty. Their carne asada fries are bomb and I'll come back for them time and time again.Carne asada fries consist of carne, cheese and french fries. No sour cream, no guacamole, no bullshit - just meat, cheese and deep fried potato - fuck yes.My boyfriend has gotten the rolled tacos (guac on the side) and he's also gotten the taco plate. Both of them have gone over well.When you have a hankering for inexpensive mexican food and you're in the neighborhood, Big Burrito is a good choice. :)
2	Somethin is off balance at this place.  I decided to pop in as it is right next to Taco Bell.  The picture of the Big Nachos or oh la la nachos, or whatever looked really good.  Why doesn't anything look as good as the photo ever.  Anyway it's just a hole in the wall, but they are friendly I ordered the nachos to go and got my order fairly quickly.  I got it home and was surprised......heavy stuff, I opened it and was amazed at how much food.  Here's the problem....flavor or lack there of it.  The beef had no flavor, lots of it, but no flavor.  It also did not have much cheese.  The guacamole also did not have much in the way of flavor.  I was very hungry so I ate alot of it, but I think some of these places including this one get the balance wrong.  The order doesn't have to be huge, it could have been 3/4 of the size, just make up for it in flavor.  I'm still a little surprised at how a Mexican food place like this could have little flavor.  Go to the coach next to Charlies on Camelback instead--their asad burritos are to die for.
2	There really isn't anything special about this place.  Your run of the mill fillabertos is tastier than this place.  I have been here twice now and am willing to drive the extra 2 miles to the burrito place over on bell rd.  If you have had real mexican food you will be a bit disappointed in the  bland menu and yellow cheese they use.
3	Very typical mexican food. nothing special.
4	If you have been drinking and just want a quick inexpensive fix for your hunger you cannot really go wrong with this place.  The folks are friendly and the food comes out quick and hot.  I have never ordered any of the plates as I always get the same thing:  carne asada burrito with pico de gallo and guac plus the three rolled tacos with cheese and guac.  I literally go down on it and don't come up for air until it is gone.  Is it gourmet?  Hell no but is it good and cheap?  Hell Yes.
3	Decent mexican food for this type of joint. Super nachos are great. Staff is nice.
3	The wife loves their chips, cheese and guacamole. I'm a fan of their super nachos. Super nachos are great but the price is high. I wish there was a bit less meat and it was $1 or $2 cheaper personally.Overall this is a pretty decent take out Mexican place. And somewhere that I visit fairly often during board game night at the nearby game store.
2	Not good.  Fish tacos were over cooked and tough to chew and the only flavor you could taste was the tartar sauce (not good), even the beans were way too salty.  The search for a good fish taco continues.
4	The prices are fair and I'm always full and disappointing in myself for eating so much when I leave so that means I'd go again. I'm just not sure how they're doing these days, I hate to say it but I worry if they don't much enough money their quality and cleanliness might fall and I'd rather assume that and not go then hope it doesn't and get sick. Over the years thanks to ASU West I've gone half a dozen time and I don't think I personally ever had an issue, I always get the super nachos.
3	Exactly what I expected, wanted, and got!!  Came for a breakfast burrito and ordered a ham egg cheese and potato burro. It was cooked to order and I have no complaints with the food. The service was friendly and timely and the facility was clean. I wish there was a possibility of 3.5 stars because that's what this place deserves. I will be back for sure. I love breakfast burritos and I was very happy with this one. The red sauce was the perfect blend of flavor and heat to pair with my burro.
3	The food is affordable and the breakfast burritos are pretty good. This spot is a good place to grab a bite if you're on the go and want something quick, but be aware no drive thru available. I would say that the burritos are above average in taste and average in price.
2	Okay so I go in to get my enchilada on. I asked for ground beef and was loudly told "no ground beef, only shredded." So I decided to get 1 chicken and 1 cheese. The cheese was not melted in my enchilada and the chicken was a pinkish color. I was somewhat worried about food poisoning. :( I will not be returning.
1	They are no longer at that location n e more.... U can call the location and it just rings and rings... So we decided to go there. N it has a statement on the door that they violated their lien or something and it's completely empty. No More Big Burrito!
