4	Located in the Canal Shoppes of the Venetian, this Haagen-Dazs is a nice alternative to the fake gelato shops near it and does not have nearly the line. Good service and good selection of ice creams and sorbets. I went for one of the specialty sundaes - the Rocky Road Dazzler. They actually make it in a drink cup. Layers of Rocky Road ice cream, hot fudge, and whipped cream. So good. And don't think about the calories consumed. Takes credit cards.
5	Great and fast service, basically every flavor is good :D They also have fruit smoothies now, we had the aloha mango and it was very refreshing!
5	Who doesn't love Haagen Dazs? Even if you can't spell Haagen Dazs at The Venetian it's worth it. For Vegas prices, this place seems cheap. The service is always spot on and they have Pralines & Cream. What's not to Love?
3	haagen dazs ice cream is always delicious! i'm partial to rocky road myself :) but since you're in vegas you really can explore lots of other options - mainly bars and restauratns. still if you're hankering for some ice cream, this is a solid little shop to run into quickly for a scoop or two...or five...
4	Brownie Sundae was insanely good, loaded with fudge, whipped cream, caramel and a cherry on top. Was a bit expensive for the amount, $8.50 for about 2 scoops of ice cream but still totally worth it for a quick one time dessert.
2	$14 for 2 scoop and a dipped sprinkles cone.  Ohh well kids were happy and quiet for a few minutes
1	We walked up to the cashier and asked for a double scoop ice cream. We said for the first scoop we wanted peppermint bark. Before we could list the flavor for our second scoop, the cashier "Liz" rushed and got us two small scoops on the cone and asked for the next person in line. She gave no attention to us due to the slightly longer line and I would definitely not recommend this shop considering the treatment we had just received.
3	***This Haagen Dazs located in The Venetian (the Canal Shoppes specifically) is not unique to the area (obviously), but their milkshakes are thick, creamy and good (service is friendly here too); prices though are incredibly high ($8 for a milkshake), but the high prices might be expected given that this ice cream shop is in Vegas and most food is overpriced here***The Venetian offers complimentary self and valet parking like all the other major hotels and casinos on The Strip.
4	So when I was eating pizza in the food court which was on the second level I noticed a Haagen Dazs. I knew right away I wanted some asap so once I was done with my pizza I went and got a Dolce de leche. You could either get a small or a large so I got the small because I was pretty full from the pizza.Martha who worked there was friendly enough to tell me when they closed because I was thinking of coming back again later on that night. I was really excited to eat my ice cream which looked so delicious just check out my pictures.If I'm in Vegas again I will definitely come here and even though the prices are a little high I think it's well worth it.
