4	This is not a dry cleaning establishment!! It is a very yummy Chinese take-out spot I frequent with my coworkers during our lunch hour. Very friendly staff and super affordable! Lunch specials starting at 5.50 which includes rice/spring roll/ and your entree!
4	Chef Kwo is located in a little strip mall in the heart of Ballantyne.  I mostly get take out and it's usually the Chicken Fried Rice or the General Chicken.  Both are pretty yummy and lunch and dinner entree's can be had in the range of $6-$12.The inside of the restaurant is small but its very clean and that's what counts IMO.  I really don't know if it's the food or the owners/employees that keep me coming back.  They are so friendly it's ridiculous....needless to say it's refreshing and I like it!  If you like service with a smile go ahead and stop into Chef Kwo!
4	So, it's been a while since I have been here, but it is just as nice as it was the first time.  The location is small, so if you have 4 or more guests it may be hard to all sit together.  Since, I do not have many friends, this does not seem to be a problem for me.The staff is one of the friendliest I have ever experienced in a small establishment like this, and the service is quick.I had the Chicken Kon Bo, and it was exactly as it should be, HOT, spicy, filled with chicken and peanuts.  The rice was good, and the eggs make all the difference in the world when it comes to the sticky rice.The portion size was perfect  making this location back on my short list of food restaurants.Excellent take out option, very reasonably priced.NCFoodGuy
4	So I had a craving for some Chinese food and ran across this place...and  glad I did! The food and service was awesome!They have several options but I was on the mood for something different do I tried the Sa Cha Shrimp, it's one of the combination specials on their lunch and dinner menu. The meal comes with shrimp, green peppers, red peppers, water chestnuts, mushrooms, carrots, zucchini  fried rice and an egg roll. I asked them to make it extra spicy and I could really taste the hot peppers and the brown sauce they cooked it in was delicious! Perfect flavors and a very delicious meal!But probably the best thing about this place are the employees. When I walked in the lady behind the register waved me in and said " hello" a call came in so another employee came from the back to help me and in face suggested the dish I ordered after I told her what my craving was for! For this to be my first visit, I was more than WOW-ed with my experience. Great service and Great food means that I will be back very soon!
4	If you work in Ballantyne and want a reasonably priced, quick, and tasty lunch, you need to bring it on down to the Kwo.  I go here about once a week with some of my co-workers and we enjoy it every time.  The folks here are friendly and very accommodating  to special requests.  If you want it hot, tell them and they'll crank it up.  If you want steamed rice instead of fried, just let them know and it's done.  Just order it up at the counter, have a seat, and they'll bring it out to you with utensils and all the sauces you need.The lunch menu is full of really reasonably priced items, ranging from 6-8 bucks.  I've had a lot of the items on the menu and they are all pretty tasty.  My favorite is the Kong Bo Chicken.  If you don't like the heat of the Kong Bo, I suggest the Moo Good Gai Pan.  Whatever you choose, you'll get a nice portion complete with rice and an egg roll (or spring roll).  It's enough to send you into an afternoon food coma.   This is a great little spot and I recommend giving it a try if you're in the area!
5	We get take-out from here every weekend! Fresh, non-greasy, really great Chinese food. The specials are great - I tend to get the chicken w/ broccoli which comes with fried rice and an egg roll. The staff are all lovely, and this has become a favorite place of ours.
5	Wow, just stopped in for a quick lunch and so glad I did. The food tasted amazing and the service was outstanding. I'm very picky and I will definitely be back with family.
2	Yelp has never disappointed...until now.  Decided on take out based on the high rating from yelp.  It was a Sunday night and frankly not that busy, but the staff seemed disorganized and the cooks were in the weeds.  The patrons waiting were all getting frustrated waiting 30 plus minutes for take out.  Not a single table was taken and there were only three other families waiting on take out orders.  After a long wait, we finally got our order and the food was below average for the price.  My kids ordered lo mein and it was bland and hardly had any veggies at all. I won't go back, ever. I'll go to Jo Jo's China bistro and pay just a few more dollars next time.
4	I had Chef Kwo today for lunch and was very satisfied.  The food tasted great, the portion for lunch was substantial, and the pricing was very reasonable.  If you work in the Ballantyne area, I would recommend going here.
4	Great online website with one of the best online ordering I've seen. This is my fav place to get quick Chinese food to go.
2	The food was okay but they did not put enough in the plate for the price. I have been to many other restaurants and if they did not give you enough meat, they at least gave you a lot of rice. It was kind of a disappointment.
4	My husband was really in the mood for Chinese and I had already passed our normal favorite spot Tai Pei South. I had to go to Harris Teeter in Ballantyne, so I thought I would order takeout from here because it is in the same shopping center. We had eaten here before, but I couldn't remember what we thought so I called and ordered (without a menu) and the woman who picked up was helpful. On some dishes like the chicken and broccoli they do a combo, with fried rice and an eggroll. On pasta dishes like chicken lo mein, an eggroll is extra. I also ordered chicken won ton soup. All together it came out to about $20. I think it was a little expensive, because we are used to getting out the door for around $15. They said 10 minutes, but it was really 20... not a big deal as they were busy and it was 1 woman taking orders, and 1 man cooking (assuming a husband and wife ownership deal). The food was very good. Not as greasy as Chinese can sometimes be. I think it's a great place for takeout, and if I am in the same situation I would do it again, minus the broccoli and chicken combo (just the entree) and maybe a side of fried rice.
1	I was compelled enough to write this review.  My family and I have been ordering take out from here for years. With that said, we really enjoyed this place until last Friday.  My wife and I decided to grab a quick bite from an old reliable but sadly discovered that Chef Kwo was sold to another family/owner.  The menu was the same but the food and the way the dishes were totally different.  I hate to write such a negative review however with the change of ownership lead me to change our views of this place.  The food was NOT GOOD at all! Sorry that this place has changed so much and I will be shocked if they stay open very long.  I give it until the end of 2014/first half of 2015 at best until they close their doors.
3	It's an American Chinese restaurant.  The food is done well.  If you get a spicy dish, they will give you what they believe an American handle...even if you ask for, "hot...I mean...really hot...very spicy...really really hot and spicy!"  I ate my whole order without flinching or one bead of sweat hitting my forehead.  FYITry:  The General Tso's (yes, it's not really Chinese, but they do it well here)Avoid:  Looking for spicy dishes
1	The food was bland. And the place smelled like old mop water. Luckily we did take out because it was hot in there also.
3	Visited this place for lunch a few days ago.  I ordered the General Tso's Chicken with Pork Fried Rice.  I thought the food was good overall.  The chicken was good, but they dont serve it with broccoli like they do in NY.  Just my observation....... Also, the pork in the rice was shredded pork, they pork used in NY is diced pork.  The egg roll was pretty good.  Not greasy at all.I dont give this place 4 stars because while the chicken was definitely good, the rice was a little bland.  Not tasteless by any means, but lacked a little for my personal taste.  The restaurant looked very clean which is always good!!I will return to try some of their other dishes.
