4	I have quickly become a huge fan of this place!!  I joined this training-only gym to complement my 24-Hour Fitness membership.  When I'm in the gym on my own, I can zone out with the elliptical for extended lengths of time but am pretty clueless when it comes to weight training.  Fuzion has worked very nicely into my fitness routine.You can try it for FREE (which is what hooked me initially), and I even did 2 free sessions so that I could try different trainers and make sure I found a fit.  I knew I had a match as soon as I worked out with Andrew, who has great energy, challenges and motivates me, and is actually enjoyable to talk with (a little different vs. some past experiences I have had working with trainers).  If you decide to do a free introductory session and are interested in signing up, make sure that your trainer's schedule fits with your own -- some of the trainers that the owner and I discussed were unavailable most nights/weekends, which is the only time I am free.Fuzion offers a "use it or lose it" plan that is pretty unique, signing up for X amount of sessions a month at a discount rate vs. just buying a [pricier] pre-paid package.  Brian, the owner, is very commited to ensuring a great experience so I highly recommend reaching out (he's ridiculously responsive on e-mail) and seeing if Fuzion is a fit for your needs!
5	I found Fuzion well before they were a client and love them immensely. With my crazy travel schedule it was hard to find a gym that had some flexibility. Fuzion has been able to keep me on track through travel. I also adore the cleanliness and their "sweat in style" moniker - I hate large scale gyms with trainers that at meathead or kids that don't really know anything about overall health. The trainers at Fuzion customize your training to your needs and your schedule - and the pricing is incredible.Amanda
5	Been with Fuzion for 6 weeks now and have put on 6 pounds of muscle and feel great! Brian thank you for getting me in there and setting me up with John, he's an awesome trainer.
5	I was going from boot camp to boot camp based on Internet deals I was finding. When I landed at Fuzion Fitness, I immediately did not want to go to another. Each night was a new and different routine....which made the workout exciting and different and kept it challenging. The instructors also rotated which added to the spice. The atmosphere is friendly and inviting. The instructors care and want to help to reach your goals. I have been going for almost a year and I have lost 40 pounds and gained a workout family!
4	Great location and great staff!  Always great to work with.
5	Owner Brian Peitz is a master trainer/motivator who expertly mixes traditional and innovative fitness techniques that have helped me attain fitness goals I could never have reached on my own. The facility, equipment, and trainers are all top notch. Highly recommended!
5	Fuzion is the perfect blend of professional and fun!  I've been working out with Fate for over 2 years at the Desert Ridge location.  The flexibility in scheduling has been outstanding, which is crucial to my busy business travel schedule. Additionally, I have some unique medical issues that most trainers would not know how to work with.  The level of trainer at Fuzion, specifically Fate, is unique to my experience around this industry.All that serious stuff said, there's always a good laugh, unique training techniques that are otherwise known as "Fuzion Circus Tricks", and a generally good vibe.Do yourself a favor and check out a free trial session!
5	This gym has changed my life, not only my body but my mental and spiritual state as well.  They take you in as family and give you the support and confidence you need to succeed.  You can not push yourself to the point of making progress like Brian and his trainers will do during a training session.  There are a ton of extras that you can take advantage of when you join this gym.  I recommend this gym to all my friends and family.  Thank you Brian for being a great trainer, gym owner, and friend.
5	This place is great!! And always a challenge!Quick 30 minutes work out does the the trick!
5	Fuzion is now under new management !!!!- UNDERGROUND FITNESS!! Love the new owner, the changes made to the space are awesome - so much more room!!! HIGHLY recommend!!! :)
