5	Pizza is very good, and if you go on Wednesdays, they have thier Wacky Wedneday special, Large 1-topping for 5.99.  Free Flavored crust and usually quick service.  The employee even offered us free drinks while we waited in the dining room.
4	No Mario No Wolfgang , Its take out pizza that even tastes like pizza and it does not have alot of"stuff" on it that you cannot taste . Nor does the crust taste like card board  and comes in pre made on a food truck like many other take out joints.                 Cheap yes you know the kind that you buy when your watching a game 50 people stop over just because, Or your life runs at 100 miles a hour in different directions  24/7 . Sure you have home made dough and sauce and fresh mozzarella and Parmesan, and  basil in the window box and $50.00  bottle olive oil .                         But, this is quick cheap and tasty at least at this location.   I think I saw Mario leaving the other afternoon...
3	It took me about a month from when I moved across Harris before I figured out where this store was hiding.  Since then I've been four times, twice leaving with pizza.The first time I ordered online, that was fast and simple. Did a $5 pepperoni with the garlic crust, loved it.  Second time popped in to get their version of Little Cesar's hot and ready, that was good and about that same.  Next two times went for the same but they only seen to keep one actually ready, I end up leaving because I don't have twenty minutes to wait.If they'd keep some pizzas ready for their advertised specials this place would be five stars, since they skimp I gotta take stars off.  Too many other places I can stop at when I decide I want pizza on the way home.
2	Went to this location and told them about the Yelp advertisement for One large with 5 toppings for $10.99. They stated that it must be an expired coupon and that they aren't even on Yelp. I explained that you are on Yelp and someone needs to either pull the advertisement or honor it. They refused to honor the Yelp coupon. Not sure that I would come back after that. They are in now way trying to accommodate the customer.
5	I just ordered from them, and they are speedy, and our delivery driver was super nice. She was so pleasant and friendly that we want to order again! Delicious food, we love the bbq wings, and the garlic butter crust is delicious.
1	they use yelp to get people  in the door then they tell you something  else.they tell me that "they" did not put the coupon on yelp. well who did it the tooth fairy? if they lie about  this  what  else  do  they lie about?  stay away!!!!!
