4	Well prepared , Good size servings . wide varity of dishes ,  well worth the money. Good menu for non meat eaters. Try the frier toe foo.
4	We moved here from the east coast and weren't sure what to expect from this restaurant.   I must say we were pleasantly surprised.  The food was very good!  This place doesn't look like much from the outside but the inside was decorated very nicely with plently of tables & booths.  We will definitely return.
4	Try the Hot and Sour soup (especially if you're stuffed up from allergies) - lots of egg and tofu. Love their spices.Also had chicken chow mien. Tasty, but noodles were a tad overdone.They may consider redecorating their dining area. Very plain, hole-in-the-wall and that may scare guests away.
4	Wow! This place has definitely come a long way! When they first opened several years ago, this place was the type of restaurant where you would walk up to the counter, order your food and then they'd bring it out. It has since changed to a sit down place with waiter service. Having not eaten here in several years, I decided to give them another try. I was pleasantly surprised! I ordered the Pad Thai which was delicious and the portion was extremely generous. The pad thai comes with tofu only, which is right up my alley as I'm a vegetarian. On another occasion I had the kung pao tofu, which was also very flavorful.When I ate here several years ago it was extremely greasy and bland. It has since changed to be a great restaurant that has earned my business back!
5	We have been eating Ping's food for over 10 years.  On the advice of others, we tried two of the other places in town, but always came back to Pings.  The food is wonderful, in large portions and they have never made a mistake as most carry out or fast food places do.  We always get the Sweet and Sour Pork, Mongolian Beef, Chicken Fried Rice, Shrimp in Lobster Sauce, and just added Beef Egg Foo Yung.  This food is superior!  Maybe it's Americanized...I don't know.  But we have leftovers for 3-4 days because the portions are huge and we want a small taste of everything!  You cannot beat these prices.  I've never known a change in quality in the 13 years we've been here, except when they added the sauce right on the Sweet and Sour pork which took away from the crispy coating.  They have it back on the side now.We are customers for life!
5	Huge portions, very laid back atmosphere. The best fried rice & tofu and veggies in garlic sauce we have tasted in the valley! Owners are great - he is the chef and she takes care of the front.
3	I came here for lunch a few months back when I worked up in Fountain Hills.  There was only one person working the whole restaurant during what I think they would consider a lunch rush.  The restaurant is on the small side, but the follow up fell below expectations.  My friend and I found the food to be okay, not the best quality, but what else would you expect with a cheap Chinese lunch.
4	I am happy to have found Ping's Cafe, it's right in my hood. Being vegetarian, there are a few dishes I usually order that are delicious... They have generous portions which is the amount any real Chinese restaurant should serve, and the owners are really sweet and accommodating. I can't find much tofu in Founatian Hills, but thank goodness they do!
1	Terrible, over priced for what u get which is what i believe msg filled crapy Chinese. ive given them 3 chances with 3 dif dishes for take out. the vibe i get is a retired couple barley hanging on to the place that have lost their passion for food.
2	Not wanting to complain but beware. Our soup was brought to the table lukewarm.Our orders were to have white or steamed rice with our meal it came instead with brown rice. When they brought the fried noodles and the sweet-and-sour sauce, the sauce was   Watered down.  Certainly much runnier then any sauce I've had any other Chinese restaurant.My wife loves Chinese food and steamed rice and she found this place to be horrible.
4	Not the best Chinese food I've ever had but certainly good quality and by far the best in Fountain Hills. My wife and I order from here  a couple times a month using coupons in our daily flyer mail, good food good quality, what else can you say.
5	Good food at a great price.  My lunch came with soup, spring roll,and  cream puff for around $6.  I reccomend the house chicken with brown rice.
2	I really hate to do this, but we've given them several chances over the last 4 months or so.  Ping's has changed.  For over 14 years I loved every bit of food we ever ordered. Enough to murmmer "mmmm" out loud as I slurped it up.  Reasonable prices and good amounts of very tasty food.  I thought it was just me, but when we ordered last time, hubby chose to pick up a sandwich from another establishment  while I gave them another try.  First of all, they have raised the prices on the menu, as businesses must from time to time.  That only made it sting more.  Without going into individual dishes, one dish had maybe 2/3 of the beef that it used to last year, and the vegetables piled on top had doubled.  Another order seemed old, as if it was the leftovers of the day, reheated again.  It was inedible.  It even looked way different than any other time I'd had it over the last 10 years.  Different color, breaded only halfway, and tough to chew. It seems they have lost their heart for the business.  I did call and let them know about the dish that was inedible and the owner offered me credit on my next order of the same.  Sadly, I don't think we will be back to use it.
5	First visit, but there will be many more. Kung pao chicken was excellent, the right mix if perfectly prepared chicken, vegetables and scrumptious sauce. My wife asked advice for best veggie meal and was very pleased with suggestion
