3	Pretty ok pizza dudes.  Not the best location, just off Main street, they share a tiny building with Country Hearth bread store, and a new gyro place.  Teeny tiny parking lot.  That is all.
2	Wow.  What a bunch of stoners.
3	I had mentioned in a separate review that, per the website, this Pizza Pit doesn't have mac-and-cheese pizza. Well, I went to get some gyros (they have a mini greek restaurant inside, apparently, called Athens) and saw on the board that they DO have the mac/cheese pizza. I stand corrected. On to the gyros. The actual Greek restaurant in town is closed on Mondays, so we came here for our fix. We got gyros only, no fries (there aren't a lot of options, that might be it right there). They come with tomatoes and onions - I requested mine without onions. They were fine. Not stellar, not terrible. I've had better ones at a lot of places, but considering that I only had to drive ten minutes to get these, they were good enough. I was told 15 minutes, and when I got there 15 minutes (or so) later they were ready to go but still warm once I got them home and started devouring.
2	What has the world done to the people in this place to make them hate life as they do?  And why does that translate to the mediocre food?  You can do better for pizza.  Hell, practically across the street from this place is Salvatore's.  You'll spend a bit more, but it'll be worth it.This place slaps grease and cheese on cardboard, wraps it cardboard, and hands it to you with a look on their face that plainly says, "I should have listened to my teachers in high school."
4	I think their delivery service is pretty good, it was quick and the delivery guy was friendly. And the lady I ordered my pizza through was VERY friendly and upbeat. I've heard a lot of bad things about their workers? But I always go around noon so maybe those people are just going at the wrong time. Who knows! Now onto the food. Their pizza isn't the best pizza you'll ever have, but for the price it's good. It's a little greasy sometimes, I'll admit. But honestly I get the craving for them sometime! They have great cheese to put on their pizzas, and they usually put a good amount on. And I love their breadsticks! Yum! Like I said though, there is better. But if you're looking for cheap, quick, decent pizza I'd go here.
1	I wanted pizza and my kids wanted macaroni and cheese, so I figured I'd head to the Pit. If only somebody had answered the phone! It was around 6pm on a Saturday night, which I understand is a busy time, but come on. I let it ring about 15 times and then hung up. I paced around my house for a few minutes, got distracted, then tried calling again about ten minutes later. Same deal: lots of ringing, no answering. I let it ring another 15 times or so and just gave up. I don't mind having someone answer and then immediately put me on hold. It's a lot better than the nothing that I got. Thumbs DOWN.
4	Pizza Pit in Sun Prairie is our go-to place for inexpensive pizza, especially at lunch time.  Don't compare them to the expensive, gourmet place across the street -- but if you are looking for efficient service and a great value for the (low) price point, I strongly recommend The Pit.  They sell pizza by the slice over the lunch hour (maybe all day?  Not sure?) and that's a screaming deal.They also offer gyros, which I've never tried.  Note that the owner is often there.  He's a gruff guy, but takes a lot of pride in his pizza.    Yes, this restaurant is locally owned and operated -- another reason to bring them your business.p.s.  They deliver.  Remember to tip your driver!
