5	I have recently found this place and LOVE it!!! The staff are always easy to find and give wonderful recommendations based on comics and graphic novels I previously enjoyed. Every so often they have great sales that save a graphic novel freak, like me, tons of money. I highly suggest you check this place out if you are into comics, graphic novels or comic memorabilia.
3	I often wonder if Atomic Comics is the result of black magic, if through a Faustian pact the owners acquired the same interior design secrets that make places like Wal-Mart and Target formidable labyrinths of compulsive consumerism. There is literally nowhere to go in Atomic Comics. The aisles are thin and take too long to navigate, whatever free space that would normally be available is taken up by displays and t-shirt racks, and unlike Samurai or All About Crooks & Comics, who usually staff one or two guys at a time, Atomic usually has like four or five people on shift at a time, who ALL want to know if you need help looking for something.Yeah, actually, I'm looking for the section of your store that isn't laughably overpriced. In an attempt to drown out the mindless musings of the many nerds, dorks, gamers and "trading card enthusiasts", this Atomic Comics has a large-screen TV on which they play movies, usually obscure anime or the latest animated Marvel movie. This is becoming commonplace in comic & gaming stores and I tend to like it. However, like time travel and the music video, this originally good and beneficial idea is made belligerent and threatening to human goodness when placed in the wrong hands.Imagine trying to search for Alan Moore's Top Ten or Grant Morrison's run of Doom Patrol while poorly dubbed anime and Kevin Smith movies are played at full blast, with a soundtrack provided by doughy keyboard jockeys arguing comic book logic."Okay, so Mjolinr can only be held by the righteous, right? But let's say it's laying on a chunk of Earth, and the Hulk lifts the chunk of earth up. Does the hammer just fall through? Does it stay on that patch of ground?"My Satanic pact theory becomes more and more sound by the second, doesn't it?The only reason that I spare Atomic Comics from my 1 Star of Fury is that I have always been able to find what I've been looking for. Unlike Samurai, which splits its inventory between two stores, and All About Crooks and Comics (yes, I said Crooks, not Books), who stopped giving a shit after all the other stores started springing up, Atomic Comics have an excellent selection in every shop.Granted, you have to search meticulously through their "by title" system, unless you're looking for a crossover or whatever graphic novel's being made into a movie at the time, at which point it will have it's own display.Perhaps worst of all, Atomic Comics is not local-friendly. Gasp.AC refuses to carry any comic that bears advertisements for their competitors (mainly Samurai). This wouldn't be such a dick move if Mike at Samurai wasn't like the Bob Ross of comic store owners. I was told once this was a result of bad blood; most of the Samurai crew were once employees at Atomic, and somewhere the guys from AAB&C fit in there somewhere.It was one, but split into many and became enemies.Like if the Greek Empire was a bunch of comic book stores.I'll admit I have no idea if my analogy has any factual basis. Professional rivalry aside, though, you shouldn't fuck an up and coming artist/writer just because they wanted to show their gratitude to the local scene for helping them out. Personal tastes aside, Atomic Comics does have a really good selection of comics, manga, and all that useless memorabilia shit that you buy, put on a shelf, and never look at again.I will say this though; they have the coolest fucking merch bags evar.In fact, they're too cool.I bought the Kingdom Come trade a day before leaving for a flight to Texas. I'm really picky about taking things out of their packaging too early, so I just stuffed the book, still in its bio-hazard design bag, in my suitcase.The next day, on my way out toTexas, I was chosen for a surprise inspection.The TSA employee saw the biohazard bag and nearly tased the ever-loving shit out of me.Whenever I pass an Atomic Comics, I think of being accosted by airport security. And whether or not Hulk could in fact lift a patch of earth carrying Mjolnir.Your results may vary.
1	This used to be my favourite comic shop in the valley hands-down, I've been popping in every couple of months or so since I was still in elementary school. Back then, it was in a different building, but even up until the last year or so the staff have been really helpful. Most of the things I read and watch are foreign, so up until a few months ago, the staff were incredibly helpful in tracking down whatever it was that I was looking for.Well, I don't know where they got their current staff, but they need to send them back. Most days I walk in, I'm either ignored completely while the staff seems to have disappeared, or when they are there, the person I can only assume is the manager (?) hits on me. I realise I'm taking my life into my own hands as a female entering a comic shop, but the staff there is awful either way.The prices I can forgive if the service is at least going to be good. But Atomic Comics charges WAY more than other stores in the valley, especially on back issues, toys, and shirts, at least from what I've seen. I don't remember if they were always this pricey, but for less money I can go down to All About Books and Comics, Hero Comics, or wherever and buy back issues for cover price with a floor staff that actually seems to know what they are doing. One of the more aggravating things I've noticed is how often they rearrange this store, as well. It's like navigating a labyrinth some weeks just trying to get to the posters in the back. Only instead of a minotaur in the center, there's an asian guy waiting to hit on you, or some kids screaming and playing magic cards. I haven't noticed the big card tables outside on weekends in a long time, maybe they finally cut the card playing out or something, but either way that's really the only positive thing I can add.
1	I'm genuinely suprised this store is even in business. I agree with Cassi's review. The Atomic Comics in Chandler is full of pushy salespeople whereas this one has employees who ignore you completely.  If you need help getting a comic off the wall or looking up something for you, they give you attitude and take a really long time.  The inventory is quite poor and any comic that is remotely in demand will not be found here; you will need to visit their Chandler store to have a chance.  Their comics are also in poor condition. They don't take care of their comics. The ones on the wall are listed at NM are really in VF at the very best.  Lastly the store is tiny and claustrophobic. Most of the customers in their don't seem to be collectors but bored teenagers who went skating or some guy who brings in 3 of his kids just to roam and hog the ailes.
1	What a complete let down. I've always seen Atomic Comics show up at different conventions with their massive booth and super helpful workers looking to give you a deal and so when I was in the AZ area, figured I would stop at one of their stores. I had to have made a terrible mistake in choosing the store as it was completely lack luster. How could this comic shop be related to the same one I constantly see at conventions? First off, their lay out is all over the place. While I'm fine with a comic store being a jumbled pile of collectible crap amassed over the years, this place seemed like it didn't even have that going for it. The new release wall was.. well, it was not good. I'll give you points for having a cute geeky girl working here. I'm sure, like myself, us nerds are constantly overlooked by the cute chicks, the fact that you're an employee should override that gut feeling to ignore the nerds. That is to say, service was totally non-existent. The store had some variety of comics.. but it was so small that you never got the sense that they actually had enough to be a full stop comic shop. So unless you really need your weekly fix, it's not going to cut it coming here.. and even then, the prices seemed so whack that you could go to any of the other shops and get a better deal.  I have to stress the size again... cause really, it's small and you have no room to move at all. Find another shop cause this one's a bust.
