4	Im a big fan of little boutiques and pittsburgh seems to have a good selection. I really love Hip'tique. Its one of those stores i walk into and its guaranteed i am going to walk out with goodies.  They carry  some of my favourite small designers like Yumi Kim, Tracy Reese, Rebecca Taylor, Tulle and Rebecca Minkoff. The items are always unique and in season and even trendy.(Think shopbop, revolve clothing or tobi.com) I recently purchased a pair of military  cargo pants there(for $50)  that were sold at a higher price at other stores. Their sales section is usually filled with amazing pieces...today i scored a yumi kim dress for $75.... :) ...like  the previous reviewer said their prices range from average to super pricey (40-200) but most of the items you will be purchasing are unique amazing quality....so totally worth it.  Also to be noted they have an AMAZING jewelry selection and unlike most boutiques in shadyside the girls working there are also really friendly so is the owner...go check it out and spend some moolah
4	Its a boutique so expect to spend Boutique like prices. You can find a variety of great things in Hiptique from clothing to jewelry to home decor to baby items to some cute bags to odds and ends to spa items.  There's a little bit of everything for everyone...well maybe not EVERYONE as they don't sell anything for boys/men. The staff is nice. They're actually pretty fun. The best time to visit Hiptique in my opinion is when they're having their sales. As those "boutique prices" drop and I mean DROP. Walk in look around. If you don't find anything that visit maybe on your next you will.
5	Hip'tique is my favorite spot in Shadyside! It's one of the few places that carries Susana Monaco in Pittsburgh.  All of the items feel hand picked, with a particular interest in femininity. If you haven't found this gem, you are missing out.  This place has great price points for cocktail dresses and jewelry... totally worth checking out before your next event or date night!The interior is cozy and intimate, it almost feels like playing dress up at home.  :) My girlfriends and I would always pop in when we wanted to feel pampered and pretty.  I moved to Manhattan a year ago and I'm still looking for a boutique like Hip'tique in my midtown neighborhood. I still try to stop by in when I'm in Pittsburgh!  Hip'tique, keep being awesome...
