2	Was really good but lost it goodness. Still friendly but breakfast went downhill. Potatoes really greasy, fruits dry, servers getting order wrong...what happened! Used to be great,
2	It's no secret I love hoarding bookmarks and eventually make my way to places that are long overdue to a visit and Kitchen 73 was one of them. My greatest disappointment was the realization that something... changed... about this place from the mostly positive earlier Yelp reviews to those that have appeared within the last week or so. Kitchen 73 is located near the heart of Laval just off busy St-Martin street in a building that showcases a large modern interior without the warmth and color I'm used to when visiting other breakfast themed locations. As it was Monday morning, plenty of seating was available. Awesome!Firstly, the service was from start to end was professional, quick and accommodating. Coffee refills were taken care of quickly and follow-up needs met.The major problem we encountered was pretty much the food.... which in itself... is actually BRINGS me to this restoraunt. I went with the strawberry crepe and my wife the choco-banane waffle. We were both dismayed by how bad the meal was considering the value we got for the price we paid.The crepe was decent enough though the strawberries weren't as good as they can be and the English cream, which lacked actual taste was way too liquidy. My wife's waffle was decent enough as well but the chocolate felt "off", as if it were some poor imitation of actual chocolate. We were both seriously wondering when we left if the ingredients we got served were of the best quality as they can be.Secondly, both our meals came with no sides. Usually, you'd get a side of potatoes, fruits, toasts or whatnot but both our meals didn't. It was a crepe filled with fruits and a waffle with some banana & chocolate. Coffee was included. Perhaps we were previously spoiled elsewhere in our experiences and it's unfair to compare places to ALLO MON COCO but I can tell you for the $15 a plate we paid that this no where comes close to competition barely a few blocks away. A $15 plate with strawberry crepes elsewhere would come with fruits, potatoes, beans, toasts and whatnot.So ultimately my experience was an average, overpriced breakfast with great service. Truth be told, I expected more and sadly for Kitchen 73, I won't be back anytime soon.
4	I've been a regular here since opening. My gf and I love breakfasts and we just so happen to live minutes away from this place. We also have a pretty specific set of requirements when it comes to a breakfast: 2 eggs over easy, breakfast sausage, good potatoes, and fresh fruits. And this place does it near perfection. In the dozen times we've been here, we've only deviated from that order once and we both regretted it. There was the Cinnabon and yogurt topping incident, which was disappointing since it made my blood sugar sugar rise and my appetite drop... But let's focus on the positives! If you're a two eggs and sausage type of guy, you've hit gold. It's consistently good and their potatoes are unique and flavourful with the green onion topping and sprinkled Parmesan. You can also get the cheesy potatoes for $2 more, which is delicious but not absolutely necessary every time. Since the earlier days, my gf and I have noticed the removal of one sausage from their usual three sausage per plate. We've also noticed the portions of potatoes are inconsistent. Not big deals, but we noticed. The fruit has always been consistently fresh and that's something that's under appreciated. It's nice to see a breakfast resto abandon the orange slice and lettuce leaf for chunks of melons and fresh berries. So, props guys!The only thing that is off about this place is when it comes down to the bill. It's slow, every time! When lineups for seating is long, I would recommend having the wait staff be more attentive in getting the customers out the door. Not to rush them, but at least pass by the table to see if the customers are ready to leave. There have been numerous times where my gf and I sit there and hope we can catch someone's attention. Other than that, service is good. Coffee is always flowing. All in all, owners have done a fantastic job and this is one place I want to see stay in business.
4	Had a great breakfast. Really enjoyed the Eggs Benedict. Eggs were cooked perfectly and sauce not too heavy. We have a 3 year old with a peanut allergy. They take reservations which is great with an impatient little one. The service has been fantastic!!!
5	What a new discovery for my family.We were here on the weekend, the place was packed and the food was incredible and attentive. Must be by far the nicest breakfast place I've been to. Kids menu at 3.73$ is definatley a plus with lots of choice. My husband and I were blown away from there service and freshness of food. There Belgian Waffles were fluffy and the nutella was dripping from every bite. My husbands benedicts were absolutely amazing, this place shows it makes it's own Hollandaise sauce and real cheddar. Fruit bowl on every dish with strawberries, canataloupe, melon, kiwi, they really stayed away from your sliced oranges and melon. Great job and will be back next weekend. Found my new destination for breakfast. A must try
4	Great place with lots of options and big portions.  Good choices for kids and not expensive. Even washrooms are clean.  You should give it a try.
4	My simple tongue really enjoys the breakfast here. I enjoy the ambiance of the restaurant- mind you I had to wait about 7minutes to get a coffee after being seated on a saturday on a particular occasion. I recommend this place as a great restaurant for simplicity.
5	Had the Breakfastpoutine = 6 stars if I could.If you like to compartmentalize your plates, then might not be for you. If you like to mix everything up into one tastebud orgasmic dish; one word - the breakfast poutine! (okay, that's three words and a punctuation.. but yeah, you get the picture
