4	The final games of the college basketball season happened to coincide with our trip to spring training in March, so we had to find the perfect sports bar to spend our evenings. Alice Cooper's Town is it -- massive multiple big screens, with sports memorabilia hanging all over the walls. When our Cal basketball game ran into OT, the staff were cool enough to stay open a little later so we could watch -- though we had to leave once they went into double OT.This place is pretty cool otherwise -- massively huge desserts (I nearly went into sugar shock eating their brownie with ice cream -- the brownie was bigger than my hand) and staff made up just like Alice Cooper.
3	I just had to go here to check out a place owned by Alice Cooper.  I ended up getting a meal that was good and gulped it down with a nice beer. A bit dark but hey, its a place for rock stars.  Try to avoid going there where there are major events at the stadium- the streets can get nasty.
4	A great place to go before or after sporting events downtown.  Fun atmosphere, staff has always been friendly.  Food is good too (which doesn't always happen at a "theme" restaurant such as this)
4	On the outside, it looks like any other red bricked building, but once you're inside, you immediately notice it's not your average dining area.It's a two story dining experience that includes a patio, tons of decorations (including big screen TVs, framed autographed guitars, posters, shirts, and more!), in-door rock band room, and customers everywhere!I was extremely pleased that our waitress was periodically checking up on us to make sure we were ok despite a very busy friday evening.  The food was great (our table had meatloaf, casserole, burgers,  and chicken wings and everyone loved their dishes).The only problem I had was that it can get really loud in there so you will have trouble hearing a conversation from across the table for big groups.
3	Alice Cooperstown is the place you want to go to once and then remember it fondly from a distance.  Walking inside you'll find that the wait staff is decked out with make up ala Alice Cooper.  The drinks are overpriced and seem to lack, well, alcohol.  Some of the menu items are good, others merely seem like a good idea at the time.  Case in point:  The Big Unit, a 1.5 foot long hot dog served rarely enough that the wait staff celebrates by sounding a buzzer when one is served.  Unfortunately I wanted onions and Relish with mine, which they tried to settle with relish packets.  I don't know if you've ever tried to spread 10 relish packets on a foot and a half long hot dog before, but it's not really a reasonable proposition.  (And of course, once you've finished 2/3rds of a 1.5 foot long hot dog, it honestly just isn't fun to eat anymore.)As long as you can avoid the more ridiculous menu items the food is actually pretty excellent, if somewhat pricey.The premises have 4 extremely large Big Screen televisions above the bar, a no-name brand ATM machine, smoking allowed outside away from entrances, excessively large t-shirt selection, and two levels of indoor seating as well as outdoor seating.
3	This is a cool rock 'n' roll bar but the food isn't anything spectacular so I don't recommend stopping in for dinner. But Coopers'town is the perfect place to chill before a concert or game with a group of friends. There's a large patio and the staff is cool. And it is one of the cooler bars in downtown Phoenix. On the weekends, local bands often take the stage.
3	Mega sports bar meets the style of Hard Rock Cafe and food quality from a local delicatessen.  The owner and local resident Alice Cooper is the main attraction. The rocker singer/writer presence is felt throughout the restaurant and in the gift shop.  Location is everything. The restaurant is located near U.S. Airways Center and Chase Field.I asked many Phoenicians that work downtown or that have gone to a game at stadiums and they knew the restaurant Alice Cooperstown.  However, I was unable to find anyone who actually ate there.  I rounded up eighteen coworkers for a holiday lunch.Huge flat screens wrap around the spacious warehouse style interior. Each screen broadcasted news and sports. The casual luncheon throng appeared to be from local office buildings. All the items ordered were described as "good" by my table.  I am a Calamari junkie and the portion was generous but average in taste.  Most of us were looking at what each other were having because everything looked great. However, nothing stood out as exceptional in taste except the dessert "Coop Zookie". This delicacy of white chocolate with macadamia nuts was awesome and a crowd favorite. I was disappointed nobody in my entourage ordered the two foot "Big Unit Hotdog". Good reason as any to return to Cooperstown and try it for myself.Overall: A fun, lively and noisy environment.  Service was fast and efficient for a table of eighteen. Tip the service well, the amount of black makeup used can not be cheap. Directions: Do not depend on Google or Mapquest. The amount of construction downtown can be disorienting.  If you are not familiar with the area, leave early, drive slow to read the street signs. "Honor" Parking is in the back.Tech Note: Alice Cooperstown's website looked very familiar in style. A quick keystroke to Hard Rock Cafe's website showed me why.
4	Rocker decor and heavy eye-lined waiters & waitresses catering to sports and metal fans converge at this great sports bar and restaurant. Like the iconic compilation of Run DMC and Aerosmith's Walk this Way, Alice Cooper's Town is the best of both world -- sports & rock! The food is home-style grub referenced by sports & rocker namesakes like the "Tom Brady" burger, "The Big Unit" hot dog (3 feet!!) and the "Megadeath" meatloaf. I had their "Dan's" turkey burger, and I must say it is one of the best turkey burgers I've ever had!  If you want a fun place to go for happy hour, before or after a game, or just to chill and watch sports, Alice Cooper's Town is the place to go.
4	Very similar to the Hard Rock Cafe in terms of atmosphere and types of food served but without the Hard Rock prices and better food.  Plus, like Hard Rock, you can buy t-shirts and souvenirs.  A group of co-workers and I decided to go there for lunch since four of the five of us hadn't been there before. It seemed like quite a popular lunch destination as almost the entire inside was full. We were seated promptly and had a very nice server.  The menu includes your standard sports bar appetizers, wings, salads, and sandwiches.  There is even a small "low carb" section, with some very tasty sounding wraps.  I ordered the BLT and my bacon came out pretty crispy for the most part, as I requested. I liked how the bread wasn't toasted, but grilled, and my crispy fries were delicious.  I appreciated how the sandwich size was reasonable (you know, so it actually fit in my mouth) and I received a nice side of fries, but not too many. Portions appeared to be very reasonable.  With the sandwiches and burgers, you get a choice of two sides, but I only got the fries. Smart move on my part, as two sides would have been too much food for me.  My one co-worker ordered off the kids menu and our waitress was totally fine with that.  For the five of us, our bill came to $52, which is very very reasonable.I can see how this is a popular destination before Diamondback or Suns games...plenty of TVs dot the restaurant so regardless of where you are sitting, you have an easy view of at least one TV.  Service was quick despite a pretty full restaurant (we were in and out in well under an hour). Street parking was a tad tricky as most of the meters this afternoon were unavailable to park at (not sure why). But if you are going before a game, parking won't be an issue.  The heavy eyeliner on the servers and hostesses was a bit much for me, but fits in the overall theme of the restaurant I suppose.All and all a good choice if you work downtown and are looking for a lunch place or before a sporting event.  Not sure I would make a special trip to eat here though.UPDATE (4/20/08):I have been to Coopers Town a few times since my initial review, most recently today before a Diamondbacks home game. Based on my subsequent experiences after my initial review, I have bumped up my star rating to 4 stars. I have tried a few more things on the menu and I highly recommend the crispy chicken wrap...it is delicious! The atmosphere at Coopers Town before a game is awesome and is a great spot to hit before a game. Plus how can you go wrong with $3 Bud, Bud Light, and Amber Bock drafts on home game days for the Suns and Diamondbacks?
2	Sadly I've never really had good food or drinks here.The place is kinda nice inside but I'm SOOO not into the Themed Restaurants.  They were cool for a week but that week has long passed.
4	i think the food is pretty good and a nice place for lunch since they are pretty quick and have alot tables to sit at.  they have great happy hour specials... and the best part is that all the servers have that really freaky eye makeup...
2	As the public house cornerstone of the country's dullest downtown, it does not surprise me that Cooper'stown is as inert as a Swiss nationalist.  What is confounding is that the shock-rock nature of the bar's namesake allowed such a gimmicky, flat concept to be executed.  While AC is something of a badass, this pub does not reflect the image of his avante-guard style.  In fact, its just pretty generic.I couldn't even recommend this as a meeting-for-a-beer-before-the-game spot, as the set-up is awkward when you do not have access to a table or stool (and you likely won't), so while standing up in the bar, you often feel like you are in someone's way -- either the patrons fighting for elbow room to gnaw their sliders or the pitifully eye-made wait staff expediting that woeful fare.Still, to its credit, Cooper'stown has been a downtown pioneer, and everyone should give the beautiful warehouse building a hearty brick-slap in appreciation of its solidarity as a Phoenician-style Mos Eisley.
3	Winner for biggest hot dog in town? Maybe.Sirens, bells, flashing lights and yelling servers. And it's all for me because I've ordered the "big unit". Can't make this a review to take seriously, mostly just a blog entry as I've only been there a few times.Last night I chose this place for its proximity to the Bentley Gallery where I saw a wonderful chamber music concert.I did order the big unit. My dining buddies were in awe at its size. Even the 2-foot bun wasn't long enough to contain the dog: it pokes out both ends and over the edge of the restaurant-chafing-dish-size stainless steel tureen. I ordered it loaded with chili and cheese and onions on the side. Dog on one side, fries on the other. Take your iPhone because you must get a panoramic shot of yourself holding up the gigantic deep-dish container, mouth open wide. Ask for my facebook if you want to see it -- it's truly vulgar.The dog is all-beef. About halfway through your server will ask if you want a box. A testament to my voracious appetite (and my companions' desire to graze) we gracefully declined. One by one, those fries disappeared, and slice by slice, we could have counted up the multiple dozens of grams of sodium ingested.Unfortunately the bun was that processed brown "wheat" spongy thing with a slightly rough but still squishy crust. Would have preferred a roll with more substance, perhaps toasty. Or they could have gone the extreme with the wonder-bread just-better-than-twinkies airy squish that Sonic uses for their coneys. It soaked up too much of the cheese and chili sauce.Chili beans were the downfall for me. Must have had corn syrup for sweetner or starch for thickner, 'cause I paid for it later (corn allergy). Every so often I have to be baad and hope for the best while I wait for the worst. I'll eventually learn I just can't eat this stuff any more. Perhaps this little blog will get it out of my system.All in all, I can only compare it to the standard set by Sonic. Of course, the best one is on pier39 or back east, depending upon your preferences.Limited beers on tap, but they had Kiltlifter, so I was happy. It's a diner with flair. How can I get the big-gunned black-t-shirted waiter dudes wearing make-up to call me "sugar"? Hmmm... help me out here.
4	I really liked Cooper'sTown!  Yes, everyone who works there has to wear goofy eyeliner which is somewhat cheesy, but they were all also quite efficient and pretty entertaining.  We went when it was very busy right before the baseball game, and were seated in about 20 min (after they told us 45min).  The food is ridiculously unhealthy, but SO GOOD.  Best bar food I've had in a long time.  We had the white trash nachos (frito pie), I had the pulled pork sandwich and he had the chili burger.  YUM!  We were craving more deliciousness after the game, so we came back and ate more.  Little disappointed that more game-goers didn't party at the bars after - kind of weird.  Since they are a block from the park.  Ah well, I guess there's no place like Chicago.
3	From the late 1980s through the mid-1990s, I was a metalhead. I had hair down to the crack in my rear. I wore black jeans, a flannel shirt over a metal band t-shirt, and  the typical denim jacket covered in patches saluting heavy metal bands like Iron Maiden, Metallica, Slayer, Skid Row, and of course... Alice Cooper. I was cool.Cooper's Town is part Hard Rock Cafe and part ESPN Zone. They have a small amount of rock memorabilia, signed guitars and such, hanging on the walls. They have a large amount of sports memorabilia and over 15 television screens to watch currently happening games, games of the past, and highlights from different sporting events around the country. A mix of music, surprisingly mostly not metal, plays overhead. The servers all sport black t-shirts with a white image of Alice Cooper's eyes with his eyeliner reminiscent of The Crow. They are also all wearing said eyeliner. It looked a bit silly on many of them, but I do have to give them points for wearing it proudly and not seeming too embarrassed about it. I have to admit that I found the decor of the bar and the wear of the staff amusing at least. I give them a star for that.Our server was reasonably chipper. She paid a reasonable amount of attention to us for most of our time there, but ignored us for quite a while once the food came then a bit longer once we were done. The food was decent, but barely decent. My fiance got the a salad with Thai-inspired chicken and peanut sauce. She said the peanut sauce was good and the chicken okay, but the salad was all iceberg lettuce. Iceberg? Really? Only iceberg? Keep in mind that her and I eat out a lot. It's only at the small hole-in-the-wall greasy spoon that we would ever expect to get a lot of iceberg, much less ONLY iceberg in a salad. "That's the way we do a lot of our salads," we were told by the server. My burger, which was supposed to be cooked medium, came very well done. It was akin to chewing a meat-flavored hockey puck. The only good point, foodwise, was the dessert. We got a sort of cinnamony apple cobbler with vanilla ice cream. It was good. It was pretty darn good. I give them a star for that.When we got the bill, we saw that we were not charged for the mostly iceberg salad. We didn't really expect to not have to pay for it, but were pleased indeed that we didn't. I give them a star for that.Overall, the food and the service were pretty lacking. On the upside, if you're a metalhead or metalhead in recovery, there is a good chance that you'll spot Alice himself if you visit during the winter, and you can purchase overpriced Alice Cooper t-shirts and other stuff the whole year around.
1	Let's start with this; my waiter was a 30 year old guy with eyeliner caked on. Okay... that's it, you can find a better place to have a drink.
3	The names of items on the menu are hokey, but it's a great casual place to get food and drinks before or after a game at U.S. Airways Center or Chase Field. Unfortunately, the food is pretty standard sports bar fare.  For a better meal, I recommend walking over to Coach and Willie's.Cooperstown does have an outdoor stage and can be a nice place to catch local bands.
4	Our favorite place for grub before a D-backs game.Surprisingly good food for a bar. And it's consistently good. Probably some of the best bar food I've ever had.Same goes for the service--it's always fast.
5	Alice Cooper's Town is a mix of good food and rock 'n' roll, and has a fab bar.  Being one of the world's biggest Alice Cooper fans, I also loaded up on Alice stuff at the merchandise area before leaving.  The walls are covered with Alice memorabilia, which is cool.  True Alice fans will also note items on the menu named for his kids.  Location is convenient to the arena where the Phoenix Suns play, and I believe may be within walking distance to the Arizona D-backs' ballpark.  Seating is good, and I agree with another reviewer that the make-up is a bit cheesy (especially since they only do the bottom half!) but it adds to the atmosphere.  The locals say you can even catch a glimpse of Alice here when he's not on tour.
4	ACT is a fun place to go, maybe not the most fun place to go, but certainly a worthy effort and enjoyable.  The names of the food items play tribute to the local sports scene and such which is cool.  Yeah the make up on the staff is different, but so is AC!I'll go back when downtown or maybe take an out of towner.
5	this is a fun and funky place. any music lover would like this place. yes, it's done in an alice cooper theme. there is a large variety of collectable rock and roll memorabilia on the walls signed by a variety of artists. there are gigantic tvs for any sports fans. these tv are seriously huge. the menu is fun and is fairly extensive. the food has always been really good. they have burgers, sandwiches, ribs, chicken, etc... appetizers.  the burgers are large and the sandwiches are large. they have a killer reuben. these are not plain jane sandwiches. they are done on quality breads and stacked with alot of meat. they have a large selection of sides of your choice and they are all really good. they taste very homemade, authentic and just good quality. they have indoor and outdoor dining. it's two level. it's a cool place and would be a great place to take an out of state guest. their desserts are huge. great place all around. there is a long bar with fair drink prices.
4	Alice Cooperstown is, as my husband said, "like a Hard Rock that's not stupid."  The concept is a bizarre combo of Alice Cooper and a sports bar - and it works.  We stopped by two other places to check out their menus before a game, and they didn't look very thrilling.  The menu at Cooperstown is pretty extensive - lots of options.  The service was very quick and efficient.  I see no reason to go anywhere else before a D-Backs game.
4	The girl and I stopped in here when we were in town after seeing this place on Bourdain's episode of the American Southwest.I didn't know what to expect, nor did I care. I just wanted to order the "Big Unit". A two foot hot dog that comes with it's own flashing siren and regal announcement of "Big Unit!!" from the waitress as it's brought out to you. The locals must be use to this, because I don't think they stirred a bit.For something that I thought would be a novelty menu item, the Big Unit was actually a pretty tasty hot dog. It's all-beef, poking out between a sweet and tasty but not overwhelming bun. (HAH!) Add some simple cheese sauce to the top of it and you've got a meal and an afternoon's worth of snacking.The ambiance? Big and clean. Nothing uniquely  "rock star" about it, save the guitars and album covers neatly arranged on the wall and the service dolled up like Cooper in his heyday. But really, who cares? From what I could tell it's got good food, plenty of gigantic tv's, and waitresses who are more than happy to bring us tourists two feet of ballpark goodness.
3	Apparently, this place is only hot when a game is on.  I came here on a Saturday night around 10:30pm and there were only 5 other patrons.  The place is huge, so it looked even more pathetic than it sounds.  I got the Kilt Lifter Scottish Ale, a locally brewed amber beer that was quite flavorful and not too bitter.  They have a good selection of beers on tap including imports and domestic.  I had already eaten dinner, so I didn't attempt to indulge in the Big Unit, but checked out the menu just for yuks.  Quite a variety of options and most meals seem to be named after a certain person.  Cute touch.  But no assignment of credit for who inspired the big unit...All the staff here have black teardrops ala Alice Cooper.  Lots of guitars on the walls and three HUGE TV screens above the bar.  Outdoor seating and music blasting in and outside.Thanks to Jim B. for the recommendation to come here.  It gave me conversation fodder :)
3	Cooperstown is a typical sports bar.  And it has pretty much what you would expect: greasy (but yummy) food, decent beer selection, and plenty of televisions.  However, all the screens upstairs were turned off when I went.  The goofy staff "uniforms" didn't bother me at all.  My waitress even charmed the kids -- despite having trademark "Cooper" eyeliner, heavy tattoos, and goth ensemble.  I thought they'd be freaked out, but they took it all in stride.  The service was both speedy and polite.  I'd go again.
4	i like this place.I love music and I love sports and the mix of this place is perfect.After a suns or D-backs game I think this is a wonderful place to hang.  I wish it was open later and stayed busy more often, but hey... this is Phoenix and this place is quirky!Good food and I love the waitresses with the Alice eye makeup. This is a place I hope stays open forever.  Good prices too.  Really good for the area and what you would expect.
3	Nice sports bar atmosphere right around the corner from the Phoenix Sun's Stadium.  Decent prices for food near the sports arenas and plenty of screens for the avid sports fan to get their fix while downing some beers with the boys (and gals that enjoy sports).  My eyes kind of hurt looking at the font of their menu, but it was also quite fun to see all the unique sports related names they have for their food entrees.  My favorite name: Jessica's Hot Pastrami (it works in so many ways).
2	Seriously? seriously?i find nothing appealing about this place. themed restaurants are for the lamez of the world. they do have some bangin hot chicks working here. but nothing to get myself worked up about. next it will be McFarland's and it will become a lame comic themed bar. or worse. why do our local celebs blow?
4	One of the few places in the up and coming Warehouse District of SoJack you will find Alice Cooper's Town, a beautiful blend of sports and music. Kind of like ESPN Cafe meets Hard Rock Cafe, you've got a great combination that offers quality American bar-style food with an energetic atmosphere.The waiters are all done up in their best face paint and the walls are full of memorabilia creating one of the most unique places in the city. You will find a two-story warehouse that has been converted into a bar with restaurant along with an adjoining patio.The food, blessed with possibly the best naming scheme I have encountered is top notch too! Some of my personal favorite named food on the menu:"The Big Unit" Hot Dog, Ryne Sandburger, Amazing "Grace" Burger, and my personal favorite on the menu - Tommy's Cali Burger.There is a low carb menu as well as a drinks and dessert.This is the kind of place where people come to eat before games (there is a south entrance to the arena, if you didn't know, just steps away) and to drink (or sober up) after them. It has a family friendly environment that will make anyone in the family happy to attend.
5	I went here twice when I visited Phoenix in late May, early June, 2008. This place is awesome! The group I went with and I had quite an experience. Right after we ordered our food, we noticed some men with television equipment were setting up the table behind us: turns out they were filming Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations! Lo and behold, sitting alone at the bar was Mr. Bourdain himself, drinking  beer. We took a couple pictures with him, and spent the rest of our meal peeking over our shoulders at the filming of the episode. Alice Cooper showed up, it was a great interview! You can actually see me in the background throughout the segment, I'm wearing a tie dye tank top. The food here was awesome, if that's even worth mentioning. If ever I am back in Phoenix, this will most certainly be a stop for dinner or lunch. The staff is fun, with their Cooperesque eye makeup and fun personalities. I'll always remember my trips here, and I'm grateful for a great story to tell! (On another note, Alice Cooper is the shit! He's so nice, and funny enough it was my second time meeting him...first time was at my church in my hometown in IL. Believe it or not, it's true and I have the autograph to prove it!).
2	I think I might have enjoyed this place more, had I not spent all day traveling and working. By the time our huge group was seated we had waited about 45 minutes and I was ready to eat the table. I am also not a huge fan of sports bars, especially not ones that play basketball on every screen. To thier credit, they did have some decent music playing. Regardless the restaurant itself was ok and they have a decent selection of beers on tap. The food on the other hand was mediocre. It was nothing fabulouis, typical bar food. Our food was also cold by the time it came out. Maybe this place is fine as bar if you just want to hang out, drink and watch tv, but I wouldn't come back for dinner.
2	TGI Friday's. Chili's. Applebee's. Cooper's Town. These restaurants/sports bars seem to come out of the same factory. I was really hoping Cooper's Town would be different food-wise. But the menu looked terribly typical of what you'd find in any ol' diner. I had the vegetarian quesadilla out of hunger and everything else looked terribly deep-fried. It was decent but made with regular cheddar or American cheese--so definitely not special. A person in my group had a Vodka gimlet that he said was all Vodka. The waitresses with eye make-up and other thematic elements of the restaurant didn't do enough to disguise the fact that this place is nothing short of mediocre. Maybe I'll upgrade if I ever go back and try something else on the menu and like it.
2	Loud, full of families and kids, and extra greasy food. This place takes bar food to a whole new level. Every single item is artery clogging, dripping in grease. Even the breads don't get away without a slathering of butter. We pretty much had to yell across the table to talk, due to the several large screen tvs turned up full volume, background music, and screaming kids. Our waitress was typical of what I expect from this type of establishment, the most attentive thing about her were her half covered breasts. I had the blt, and asked for avacado on it, with an iced tea. The sandwich was big on the bacon, though it was all in little pieces and kept falling out of the sandwich.  The bread and bacon were practically dripping in grease. The avacado was forgotten by the kitchen, but the waitress did remember to bring it out quickly. The fries that came with my food were actually pretty good, and the iced tea was huge (so I didn't run out when the waitress never returned). I went through about three napkins due to the grease and had to take some pepto afterwards. I recommend this place to people who insist on taking their poorly behaving children out to eat, and want something trashy for the men in their party to stare at.
4	I have eaten here many times before, usually before a D-Backs game or a concert at the arena or Dodge Theater.. I like the Pulled pork  sandwich with baked beans and fries. Sure it seems like a typical sports bar, but the food is nothing like a Chili's, Apple Bees, etc... Its better. Its more real than that factory crap. The drinks are good, I enjoy a Mango Pina Colada on a warm day before I head to park. I hate beer and cant see spending $5.00 for some watered down piss!I like checking the out sports/music memorabilia.. I can recall a lot of the concerts I have seen everytime I visit Cooperstown..  The staff is always friendly and the food is always prepared properly. I hope to see Alice there sometime..
4	I love this place,great bar,great selection of beer and food, great atmosphere to watch games or hang out with friends, the servers and bartenders are all nice and friendly....the "Bare knuckle stout" beer is awesome!! and the "Big Unit" Hot dog is something you gotta see for yourself........and if you are an Alice Cooper fan like myself is a plus....you'll have a great time.
2	I have been to Alice Cooperstown MANY times over the years but it was the most recent experience that made me think back to all those times and wonder why it is I keep coming back? The food is bland. I don't know how much simplier I can be. The Big Unit--Bland. The Ryne Sandburger--Bland. French Fries---DOUBLE bland. Onion Rings---Bland. The BBQ dipping dauce for the onion rings--BLAND. There is absolutely NO FLAVOR to this food! Thank God for ketchup and mustard cuz otherwise it would have been your basic hosptial food. And every other time I've gone here, it's been bland bland bland food. Nothing pops at this restaurant when it comes to the food. And the drinks...blah at best. I once ordered a Waborita and had to send it back three because it was so watered down. You'd have to spend a lot of money to get a buzz on at this place because the drinks are very watered down. The beers are crisp and fresh, but the drinks..not so much. Now if you are looking for ATMOSPHERE, Cooperstown is your place.  The staff all have the Alice Cooper-esque eye-liner which is cool. There is Alice memoribilia covering every inch of every wall in the place. And of course all good theme restaurants have a gift shop.  They have great live bands that come out to play and when there is no band, they have great piped in music too.  Cooperstown is a novel place to take out-of-town guests before a game, but if it's just you and your family, you won't feel empty if you skip it.  It's just too much money to spend on very bland, uneventful food.
2	Ordered the Big Unit and was really dissapointed this time.   When a restaurant is charging over $10 for a hot dog, it should have some flavor.  The bun was dry/stale, and the dog was barely cooked.  For that kind of money the chilli, cheese, onions, etc should all be served on the same trough that the dog comes on.  Make it gourmet for pete's sake since you are charging like crazy.  Also, it doesn't have to be two feet long.  Nobody can eat that.  It is gross.
3	Stumbled on this place while exploring downtown Phoenix.  I had no idea about the Alice Cooper connection until I got inside.  I wasn't expecting much, but it was actually pretty good food.  I had the BBQ Sampler.  It had ribs, smoked turkey, hot link and brisket. The nice thing was that each item had its own sauce.  Another cool thing was that there was a neighborhood festival going on that day so after I finished my lunch, I hung out and listened to bands all afternoon.
2	My order of spinach and artichoke dip with chips at Cooperstown:--Amount of dip: George Bush's popularity at the end of his presidency.--Number of chips: Barack Obama's current popularity.That's one disappointing appetizer. When I tried to request more "George Bush popularity," I was told I would have to order an entirely new plate, because "George Bush popularity" has to be made fresh.Lame political metaphors aside, my Saturday night experience at Downtown's "other" theme restaurant was blah. The corn beef on my sandwich was tough. The waitress, while extremely friendly, forgot to bring my table's silverware. We had to ask for the utensils after receiving our sandwiches. At least the water glasses were kept full most of the time.Last night's experience at Cooperstown is demonstrative of most of my experiences at this restaurant. Just OK. The prices at this restaurant, however, lead one to expect "good." A better execution of this restaurant's menu and improved service would lead to my adding a third star in the future.
4	Although a bit expensive, Alice Cooperstown is worth a visit. It's built into an old warehouse. The wait staff wears Alice Cooper-esque eyeliner. I'm not a big sports fan, but this is a must-see place for those who are, as there are gigantic televisions that broadcast sports. You'll see several different sporting events at any given time. It's a great spot for carnivores, but they also have some delicious vegetarian options as well. The pasta pomodoro is excellent. They sometimes hold intimate concerts in the outdoor area.
2	I guess Alice doesn't live here anymore.  Expecting some of excitement and flair of his music, we arrived at Alice Cooperstown right after noon.  Granted, a popular time.  While an empty 4 top stared us in the face, we were told we would have to wait 5 minutes for a table.  We looked thorough the moderately-overpriced merchandise while waiting the longest 5 minutes in history.  School is NOT out.  Lesson One:  Allow plenty of time to get seated at Alice's. Finally seated, our server orbited by, only barely interested in our presence.  Having seen the big-unit pimped on TV, we had agreed to try it.  The "Big-Unit" is 22" of all-beef hot dog on a bun.  For some reason I thought it would be special.  Stupid me.  We asked for cheese on top and for half of the dog to have chili as my wife doesn't like chili. So that means the whole dog would have cheese, and half of the dog would have both cheese and chili.  Complicated?  Read on.OK, so now we've been at Alice's for 50 minutes (FIFTY) and have not been served.  Lesson two:  Service at Alice's is S-L-O-W.  No matter how loud they pump up the music, the servers and kitchen can not keep the beat.  I hadn't intended on keeping track, but at 45 minutes I started to notice that I was getting pretty hungry.  At 55 minutes our server suddenly looks in our direction, probably from the pain of 3 pairs of eyes following her every move and rushes to the kitchen.  The "Big Unit" is supposed to be the signature dish at Alice's.  When a "Big Unit" is served a bell is rung and all the servers stand up and mutter (in unison) "big unit".  Ob la te, ob la ta, life goes on.  Not much of a production, but that's ok.  I didn't really want the hoopla I thought might come with it.  Lesson Three:  The "Big Unit" is no Big Deal.The BU arrives naked on one side and cheese and chili on the other. SheeshLesson four: Wait staff either cannot take orders or do not check orders.  But, by this time our parking meter was going to run out, so eating was our first priority. Lesson 5, bring quarters for the meters or park in the public garage. We politely asked for mayo, pickle relish and onions as the waitress drifted by from time to time. The mayo came first....5 minutes later the pickle relish was dropped off on a buzz by, and the onions...well, we never saw them.  Lesson six: oh hell, you get the idea.Our dining partner ordered a fried chicken sandwich.  Her only comment was that it would have better if it had not been fried and was otherwise bland.I think this is really a place to go for a beer at the bar. Or, if you are with a group large enough to attract the interest of the wait staff and and your group is interested in drinking mass quantities of beer, thus disabling the usual gag reflex that might prevent you from eating everything put in front of you.  Or maybe you want to embarrass a weight challenged friend and make them order a "big deal" (oh sorry, "Big Unit") and watch them stuff 22" of all-beef boiled doggie into their face.  ha ha ha.  What fun.  Really.OK, so the bottom line.  Go once 'cause you can't believe all the other bad reviews and you're sure Alice would never be a part of this.  Then, write a review apologizing to all the previous reviewers who tried to warn you.Oh oh, I almost forgot.  The wait staff wear eye makup.  Just like Alice.  Well, sorta like Alice.  Alright, not at all at all like alice.Like I said, Alice doesn't live here anymore.  And we told you so.  Schools out.
2	I wanted to stop by here while I was walking around downtown Phoenix.  I came in just as a Diamondbacks game was finishing.  It was DEAD inside.  I sat at the bar and ordered water and a margarita.  It was the worst margarita I've ever had.  There was so much strawberry syrup and it was so sweet that I only drank a few sips, finished my water, and left.
5	I have always loved this place and everyone I bring here loves it too. I go at least once a month and never had any problems. Really cool stuff to look and the merchandise is fun too.The staff is usually friendly and the prices aren't too high. This is the only place I can find really good smoked meat!
3	Well I guess I don't reall have anything good to say about this place, but not anything bad either.  I've been here a few times with friends and by myself, and nothing ever really strikes me or disappoints me.  The food is okay.  The waitstaff is okay.  It's normally pretty empty when I go.  I think if you're gonna have a cool concept then stick to it and make it stand out.  I get the whole dark makeup thing, but it's stil not doing it for me. I guess I'd say go there if you enjoy mediocrity.
2	I am wary of any place featured on a food show. Guy Fiere has burned me in the past, but I have had some good experiences in the past. That Bordain guy from the travel channel is usually knuckle deep in leftover pig parts, so I have no idea why I decided to take his advice to come here. I liked the idea of the joint... Blazing horns when someone orders the super long hot dog named after a sports dude... the "big unit"... Everyone sportin the Alice Cooper eye makeup... I was going to order a Cuban sandwich but my roomie got it instead, so I decided on some brisket. Surprisingly small size portion cut very thin. I did enjoy trying a bevy of bbq sauces, my favorite being a sweet tangy variety. The service was suck though. Our server couldn't wait to be out of there it seemed, and our refills (when we got them) seemed to slam down on the table. I don't care if someone smokes, but don't pile on the girlie perfume to try and hide it. Every time a cloud of some sickeningly sweet perfume and Marlboros as she rushed by carrying someone's drink order. Although I did appreciate the two drunk women at the bar who fell on the floor a few times and were clearly having more fun than I. Not worth the drive from Nor Phx.
3	Oh Alice Cooper, i love you, you're music...I really do.  The Ambiance: It is cool, i liked it, cuz I like lots of rock and roll stuff, signed pics form other bands, and if you like Hair Metal, this place will make you jizz, It made me jizz. :D I love Alice Cooper's pics on the table, and everywehre, and the guitars.  Ok, folks, THIS IS A SPORTS BAR, GET APPETIZERS AND GET DRUNK that's it.  I wouldn't order the dinner here, just don't. GET ALCOHOL! AND APPETIZERS AND ENJOY THE GAME! Go with friends.  ok, so is Customer Service pretty non-existant in Arizona? or do they smell the LA on me? i dunno.  Again, I wouldn't go back, maybe just to get drunk, cuz I like the music they play, but i'd hang at the bar, get a drink and go...only cuz I like Alice Cooper.....but for dinner, this place is a no go...........Just dont' do it, stick to a damn sammich. so check it at for a sports thing. and if you're trying to get laid.......don't just dont.
4	Good food and ice cold drinks meet Rock music!  A first choice before or after any event at USAirways Center or Chase Field.  The place fills up quick on event nights so show up early!
4	I just had to order "The Big Unit".  This caused a lot of yelling behind the bar amongst the servers adorned in black tears and diamondback jerseys.  When the two foot dog was served, I immediately text a pic of my bf  posing with the ridiculously inappropriate wiener in pre-bite stance.  This caused a lot of replies about how gay he really is (which is pretty much true).The funny part was that the dog was actually pretty good and that's coming from a Chicagoan.  I don't recommend the chili though.My bf had the "Ricky Ricardo's Cuban" and was very pleased with it as well.  I was surprised to note more than a few vegetarian items on the menu and quite a few other items I'd like to try.I don't get the hard rock cafe meets sportsbar concept, but it didn't interfere with my enjoyment so to each their own.
3	To be honest, I only came here for the sheer novelty, but after seeing the prices at US Airways, I could understand why people would go here. Also, as part of the novelty, I decided to have "The Big Unit".   It's exactly like what Tony Bourdain said, it tastes like a hot dog. Nothing remarkable, minus the fact you're eating a 22 inch hot dog. As for flavor, it was salty, like it had been soaking in hot dog water, and it was a little cold at times. The cheese and chili was decent, but it really needed some onions and jalapeno.  The bun was delicious though. The sides, fries and coleslaw, were also pretty tasty.But the most important part is that I manned up, and took all of that dog. Next time, I'll try something else, but I'd definitely eat here over the inflated prices at the game.
3	Novelty aside, what I ordered was actually pretty good  There was a lot to choose from, the prices were good as well.  I can't say the next time I'm in AZ I would go back, or would ever go back, but it was worth the trip.  I had to pass on the two foot long dog, but saw a couple of other tables order it, and it is massive...call me crazy, but ordering a two foot hot dog named 'the big unit' after MLB Pitcher Randy Johnson just didn't sound that appetizing to me.
4	I've been here multiple times and never had a complaint. The menu is vast, the food is good and the service is always up to par. I enjoy this place because it is a shrine to two things I love: Sports and Music. Right next to a platnum record is a Diamondbacks jersey. How great is that? The menu is also catchy with things like a one foot long hot dog called "The Big Unit" in tribute to Randy Johnson of course. The menu prices are more than fair and I highly recomend drinking some beers here before you go into US Airways or Chase Field to save your self some money.
3	4 Stars for the ambiance 2 stars for the food & 3 stars for the service.Fun place to go, lots of seating & lots of rock-n-roll stuff but the food, ugh!
3	Decent bar food with all the servers dressed in Alice Cooper attire.  I am being open-minded and starting this thing off with 5 stars.  Minus one star for being a bit overpriced on the appetizer end.  I ordered onion rings at $8 per order.  Seriously, are 15 onion rings worth $8? Minus one star for not having any parking.  You have to park a couple of blocks away in the ghetto area to find a spot.  You will have 2-3 beggars asking you for change to and from your car.  There was a dude who wanted to wash my windows for money.  Minus half a star for putting the gratuity on the bill and charging for it.  I hate that crap.  Plus half a star for the waitresses who are dressed heavy metal-like wearing mid-riffs with the tramp stamp.  I always wanted to date chicks like that, but was ummm...to busy with umm....other chicks chasing me down.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, and I just umm...you know, didnt have time for them at that point in my life.  I better stop my review now.
4	Fun time eating burgers before a Diamondbacks game. Burger was good.  Hot dog was huge. We like the mix of baseball and rock memorabila.
4	Ted, something strange is afoot at the CircleK, I mean...CoopersTown! Holy Rock&Rolla Batman this place is swingin! The Food, BBQ in particular has gotten really good & whats this? THREE local beers on tap? Yes my Friends this is a place to try once more! The servers still wear makeup like the COOP himself and I must say there is no better pre Suns game hangout! GAME ON!
4	Another one of the places we hit up on a pub crawl night.  Like most downtown venues, it depends on what's going on down there to how busy they are, but I've never been disappointed.  Even when it's completely dead, the staff is friendly and nice.  The bar staff all seems knowledgeable, and was really willing to help us as we drank through the alphabet - I think it was their suggestion that for "H" we try a Harvey Wallbanger....The only advice I have, is don't let your drunk friend wander off by himself.  If you walk into the kitchen when looking for the bathroom, they very nicely escort you out.
4	We had a good meal here before the game. The hot wings with the house sauce on them were very good, and I had the mac & cheese. That was good too. My dad liked the chili, and even got a cup of milk to go with it. Oh, the french fries are good too. The guy on the patio played Desperado as we were leaving. It's a family favorite song, so that was a nice touch.Then we went to the D-Backs game and watched the Brewers win by one run. I'm not from Phoenix and don't live there either, so I really didn't care. The stadium is nice, though.
5	I give Cooperstown a five star - based on their pricing alone.  I ate lunch with 2 kids and our bill was $30 with tip.  The food is nothing fancy - just delicious and refreshing on a hot day.  The girls said their chicken fingers and mac and cheese was good and I really enjoyed the Ty Cobb Salad.  Also, love the giant glasses of iced tea.  The service was attentive and quick for being so busy.  Neat place to go overall.
4	It is a very large place with seating outside almost as large as what is inside. Looking around you can see all kinds of memorabilia but you also see hints of quite a hoping place when it is packed -- like Margaritaville is in Cayman during spring break. On the evening we went it was deserted with maybe only three or four other tables occupied at 7:30 PM. Being next to the stadium and focused on the intersection of rock 'n' roll and sports I can imagine the place looks very different at game time.Looking at the menu I saw many things I could certainly try but with The Big Unit staring at me it had to come down to that -- a 22 inch, full pound, Vienna Beef hot dog. I knew 22 inches was big but my God did I underestimate it when it arrived at the table, and arrive it did with a bell ring by the waitress and call out that someone ordered a Big Unit. Holy carp it is a monster!I shared some pieces of it but for the most part I actually ate it. It was my first hot dog in probably more than 10 years and it will probably be at least that long before I have another one. With that said, however, it was a good meal. As crazy as it was it actually sat well in my stomach and things worked out well later too shall we say. I would love to see the place on a packed night but I do not think I would be that adventurous enough to make the trek to see it in action.
4	Order the Wings of Mass Destruction.
5	THE place for pregame lunch. Service is almost always great, I've only had one waitress who was not so good and I've been going there for years. Lots of room and it gets packed! I LOVE their blue Dean Martin Margarita and the veggie quesadilla. My husband is a big fan of the Devil's Ale and Pratt's pulled pork. The prices are very reasonable and I love that they offer mandarin oranges as a side. They also stock my favorite hot sauce instead of just Tabasco. Lots of fun stuff to look at on the walls and always a good mix of sports on TV.  Always a good time.
5	Went to Cooperstown for lunch today. It was amazing!!! The Big Unit was huge and I had the whole works on it. I'm really not a big fan of sauerkraut, tomatoes, and onions but I went for it cuz it had bacon...and you know...bacon makes everything better. =o) The Big Unit is 22 inches long that was covered with chili, bacon, cheese, onions, tomatoes, sauerkraut, and relish. Hmmm...maybe I left off some toppings and it came with side of fries. This is definitely a meal that you can share with someone. It's just under 20 bucks. Oh...when they come out to serve the food the bell rings and they scream "BIG UNIT!!!" By the way...please remember to bring quarters when you come to this place. A minute away from the place we realized we forgot to check if we had quarters. Luckily, I had quarters otherwise we would have had to detour for some quarters. The service was great and quick. The place was clean and the staff was friendly.
5	this is my watering hole prior to a dbacks game. I always park right behind or next to Cooperstown. I don't think id ever go out of my way to come here except for when i am downtown for a ballgame though.I usually sit at the bar, everything i have ever eaten here has been good. Love the many options of beers on draft and have met some good people while enjoying the beers at the bar. Lots of large projector screens and TV's everywhere so you can catch up on sports. Still need to eat the big unit one day. When the weather is nice i enjoy sitting outside and using the outside bar for my drinks. give this place a try next time your looking to kill time before a dbacks game. I wouldn't go anywhere else (aka don't go to the mexican joint on 7th street because its over priced and lame)
4	Alice Cooperstown was one of the highlights on our Man vs. Food roadtrip.  Their 22 inch hot dogs were profiled on their Phoenix show, so we had to check them out!!The restaurant is located right smack in the middle of downtown, across the street from the convention center and baseball park.  You have to pay for parking at an independent lot, but our problem was that we had a 29 foot motorhome to deal with. We parked about 3/4 of a mile down the road, in a shady area to save umpteen dollars on parking.  Smart move?? Everything was intact when we returned!My husband ordered the Big Unit for himself and I ordered just the plain hot dog to share with our sons.  My husband devoured his lunch and my sons and I had quite a bit left over. It's a lot of dog!!  The hot dog was good, not incredibly hot, but very good.  That is all we ordered, heck it was a ton of food!My only complaint was the service, not friendly and only somewhat attentive. It was interesting to see that all of the employees had the Alice Cooper make-up.
3	This is a really fun place to grab some cocktails or beers before an event or game. My friends and I have a tradition of drinking here before DBACKS games and we always love it. Drinks are reasonable, especially if you ask the specials, and way cheaper than beers at BOB. As for food they have an awesome menu, but the food came off a bit cheap in quality to me so I don't think it's worth ten dollars a plate. But if your hungry it will get the job done! Although...one of the days I want to try and eat one of those One Pound hot dogs they have. It is a personal goal. I recommend:Fox Sports MargBeersGrape Bombers
4	Most sports bars offer a lot of TV's and food that is average at best. Alice Cooperstown delivers on both. I didn't have the Big Unit, but plenty of people in the bar did, I know this because of the annoying bell the ring when they bring it out, that is really the only downside from my dining experience. The service was good for a pregame crowd, granted it was for a Diamondbacks game and they are 25 games out of first, but the place was still busy and the staff delivered. The wings have a little bit of kick, but there is a small but good beer selection to cool off the pallet. If you are downtown for a game, you should stop in and check it out.
5	This is the greatest restaurant I've ever been to.  But I love rock music.  If you hate rock music and baseball and you have no sense of humor, you probably won't get as much of a kick out of this place as we always do.  We ALWAYS go here when we're in Phoenix.  Good food, awesome decor and quirky menu choices like "Wings of Mass Destruction" and "Megadeth Meatloaf."
4	We were downtown see a friend's exhibit and stopped by for dinner. Luckily it wasn't on a night when the D-backs were in town, so the place was only half full.  The food was good and the atmosphere was fun.  The Big Unit was too much!
4	As a huge Alice Cooper fan, I had to check this place out once I heard about it on Man v. Food.  The moment I opened the doors, I knew that this place totally rocked.  Alice has memorabilia from his career, the career's of other musicians, and athletes plastered all over the walls.  To top it all off decor wise, there are several huge projector screens showing games above the bar, etc.  Absolutely awesome.  As for the food, I really enjoyed it.  Every time I go, I get something new, and I haven't been disappointed yet.  My favorite is the Mac & Cheese.  It was amazing.  Next on the list is totally the Wings of Mass Destruction.  As for desert, I've had the catcher's mitt brownie, and holy crap!!!!  At first, I thought it would just be a large brownie, uh I was wrong.  This thing is even shaped like a freaking catcher's mitt!  Fingers and all!  Not to mention it's pretty tasty, although it could use more ice cream on top.  The service has been good.  Even when the place is crowded prior to a Diamondbacks game, the service is fairly speedy.  I can't complain.  All in all, Cooperstown is awesome.I'll keep going back for years.
4	great place to chill and watch a game... its right across the street from where the suns play.  had the adam richmond big unit hot dog that was on tv and it was ok... more just something to get people to come in... the wings were good though... I just like the restaurant to chill in.... wish they had one in CA
4	Joining me for a Phoenix Suns and AZ D-Backs game, you will find me at Alice Cooperstown.  It's a great blend of sports and music!!  This place is "off the hizzle~zizzle" when it comes to a great place to meet friends prior to and after a game in Downtown Phoenix.  It's a unique combination of quality bar style food with an energetic atmosphere.Their service is good.  Everyone that works here is all done up in their best face paint "Alla Alice Cooper-esque" and the walls are full of memorabilia from both Randy Johnson and Alice Cooper creating one of the most unique places in the city to dine and drink. Seating is available both inside and on their patio.  They have a court yard too where bands play and for unique events.Their food again is good but remember it's primarily a sports bar.  I've had "The Big Unit" Hot Dog with all the trimmings as seen on Man vs Food.  It's surprisingly good and a great thing to share with a couple of friends.  The whole place yells out "THE BIG UNIT" when it's served.  It made me feel somewhat "manly" more so than usual :-)  I recommend their BBQ chicken, Tommy's Cali Burger and their "no more Mr. Nice guy ~ chipotle chicken pasta ~ Yum!  They also offer a low carb menu for those healthy eaters if you can believe that.Food = 4Service = 4Great time to have with friends = 5!!I hope to see you there sometime before or after a Sun's or D-Backs game!
4	Pretty good.  Typical sports bar food. Calimari was ok, chili was pretty good, fries were awesome, and the burger wasn't bad.My friend had the bases loaded big unit (as seen on man vs food). It is an insanely huge hotdog with all the toppings. Could feed 3-4 people.Expect to pay $15 or so per person.
5	It is quite overwhelming watching football here on Sundays. With every game on and trying to pay attention to your fantasy team is tough.I tried the "Big Unit" and I thought the hotdog, itself, tasted like it was microwaved. The Chili, for some reason I cant point out why,was the best ive ever tasted. The night before I had ribs and wings. Both really goodThe bartender on Sunday was cool. I spent over $60 but the beer and food was worth it
4	Meet up here for lots of events downtown (Suns, Super Cross, Diamondbacks, Concerts, etc.) and like it here. Food and Drinks are good enough. It is easy to get to, and easy for others to find. Jacksons on 3rd use to be a cool spot as well.
2	I had the "Cabo Wabo" fish tacos.Sammy Hagar would be pissed.Dry fish, cheddar cheese and lemon? Has this chef ever been to Mexico?Stick with the burgers and beers.A fun place for out-of-towners.
2	This rating would have been 5 stars, except that when my friends showed up, Mike the bartender became very, very inattentive. He had been very nice with me. We'd talked some while he was making drinks and while I waited for my friends. I told Mike that we were in a bit of a hurry as we had tickets to Christmas Pudding. We wanted to have dinner and walk over to the show. When my friends showed up it was as if one of them was an ex from a bad breakup. We needed to order food (and I had politely made him aware that we'd be in a bit of a hurry). He asked for our drink order and when I asked if we could just order food, he told us to wait and walked away. Yes, seriously. I was shocked, as were my friends. I had to assure them that he'd been nice just a few moments earlier. He finally came back by. One friend ordered a sandwich and we didn't realize that Mike didn't bother to ask her what sides she wanted until we got the meal. She got mashed potatoes and beans. . . not what she wanted. So now we had to wait more for the sides she did want.I'm not sure what happened in Mike's world that night, be a switch flipped and he just seemed unhappy. The switch flipped back shortly before we left and he was nice again, but the damage was done. We all left good tips, even in spite of the medicore service.I'm also shocked that Alice Cooper would allow the women's restroom to be as shabby as it is. I know the restaurant draws a rather rowdy crowd, but that restroom is one I'd expect in a crappy dive bar, not in Alice Cooper's restaurant. C'mon Alice, fix it up!The food was great! The overall atmosphere was fun. The issues with the one bartender were, I hope, a rarity.
4	Finally a bar with good food, I'm not expecting five star fare but I also want to have a good meal. Fish tacos, chili cheese fries and burgers are some favorites there. It's also a cool place to bring some out of town and rock fans.
4	The atmosphere is fun. All the waiters have some semblance of Coop make-up. There are lots of guitars, autographs, and concert posters on the walls. They have a variety of beers on tap. The food is very good and similar to what you might get a Chili's or Applebee's and not too much more expensive.The restaurant website claims there is a lot for diners behind the venue. However, all the parking in the immediate area is paid lots. Free parking is hard, but not impossible without a walk to find on Suns' game night. I also understand if you can go to the restaurant during a basketball game this is the best, least crowded time.
4	You must try the big unit hot dog bases loaded! It is amazing how large that one hot dog is and is great to share with a group of friends. We all have different tastes but all of us enjoyed it. I wish more fries came with it though because it is equally as amazing. Eating here always has a fun atmosphere.
3	This place is a guilty pleasure of mine... one of those places I don't like to admit I like as much as I do.  A friend came to town and, being a huge KISS fan, insisted we go here.  Like a good hostess, I said OK and thought I'd suck up bad food in the name of hospitality.Was. I. Wrong.Ok, the food isn't going to win any awards.  It's bar food.  But it's really quite good bar food.  I always end up with the turkey burger, with sides of fries and fries, extra crispy.  And a Gordo Stout. I want to be adventurous; I really do, but... for what it is, it just doesn't get any better.  Want a burger, or burger-esque food?  Forget Chilis (except for dessert), forget Red Robin, forget Applebees... head to Cooperstown.  And, if you're lucky, you'll get Ashlee as your waitress.  Dunno what it is about her, but she rocks.Couple of downsides that keep it from being a 4-star: 1) it is often painfully loud in there.  Went there one time with my parents & the boyfriend's dad, and we couldn't hear each other and had to ask for the music to be turned down.  (Ashlee, rock star that she is, got it done.)2) Parking is a bit of a downer.  Pretty much all paid parking; I suppose you could find unpaid with a farther walk but, honestly, the area to the south looks a little dodgy and the area to the north is all arena.
4	I just really like the idea of this place. Sports and rock and roll? Who doesn't love that? The menu items all have clever names, some of which made me giggle. I was hoping the servers would be all Alice Cooper-ed out but they just a little bit of eye makeup on. The food is pretty cheap and they have drink specials every day of the week. We ordered the lobster quesadillas, onion rings, and a side salad. Everything tasted good and it was really filling. The service could have been a little bit better but I was so enthralled by the large televisions playing Sportscenter and all the concert posters on the walls that I didn't really mind. I definitely can see myself going here again after a basketball or baseball game.
3	Yes, I saw this place on Man vs Food and once I was in Phoenix visiting friends I was like heck yes lets go try that monster hot dog. Me and the bf split one and it was def enough for the 2 of us or 1 really large person, but for the large person I wouldn't recommend eating one because its really not healthy for you. It was good for a hot dog, my mind wasn't blown, but its still a great place to check out when you are in Phoenix. I was there during the Christmas holiday so it was dead downtown which means awesome parking but also made me wonder where everyone was... All in all a fun place if you are down with Alice Cooper and large beef franks.. Oh, and the large tvs were nice for watching ESPN as well... :)
4	Actually...i"d put it at 4 1/2 stars.  Not perfect.  But prety good food.  Can't say I'm an Alice Cooper fan, but we did see this on Man vs. Food and the opportunity came up to go there.We stopped in mid-week for lunch.  Not crowded, the bar tender was GREAT.  Attentive, personable, good recommendations on food, but not intrusive.My wife had the Lady Gaga sausage appetizer.  Fantastic sausage, spicy, great sauce, served with celery stalks and bleu cheese (optional).  She likes a good sausage.....let's leave it at that....and Alice Cooper delivered.Since the bartender claimed the place is a BBQ house, I went with a  BBQ beef sandwich, with chili and fries for the sides.  While the pig in me would have wanted more of everything, it was the perfect size for lunch.The brisket was done perfectly.  We travel with a smoker...so I know a little about BBQ.   The BBQ sauce is very good.  I'd like it spicier, but I always do.  The sauce is multidimensional with some real "depth" to the bench.  It's not a one-trick pony BBQ sauce.  The sauce is also not thick, like ketchup.  It's definitely not off-the-shelf.The Chili.  Two words; A-mazing.  A few weeks ago, we were at a chili cook-off.  Cooper's Town chili would have kicked some butt.  Again...could have been spicier, but there was some heat and there was LOTS of flavor.  Could definitely taste a hint of the BBQ sauce, cumin, and chili.  Saw what looked like slices of Anaheim or Serrano pepper.  And it has beans.  Again, seems to not have any thickener in it - I appreciate that.  A clean flavor.  Next time, the chili burger will be ordered.  The side portion is just too damn small - this stuff is good.Prices are decent - lunch for the 2 of us for just over $20.  Can't complain about that.The decor is nice, cool memorabilia, autographs on the wall, definitely a sports bar with huge damn screens.  Nice place.  Nice time.  Thanks.
3	Before going to a Suns game, we walked over to this restaurant to try the Big Unit hotdog.  We had the signature Man vs. food Big Unit hot dog and it was big.  My buddy and I split it in half and we both agreed that we could have eaten more and most likely have finished it.  There's nothing glorious about the hotdog other than it was big and it was covered with all of the toppings.  This restaurant is just like a Hard Rock restaurant.  Most of the servers there wore makeup like Alice Cooper...that was pretty cool.
4	Finally managed to make our way down here.  If you're a classic rock fan, you'll love this decor.  Food was pretty good, I ordered the roast beef dip and we also ordered the sampler appetizer. Pork sliders were very delicious, love the fries and the sandwich was very juicy and tender. Only item I wasn't a fan of was the wings, they just reminded me too much of kfc wings :/.  All in all just the atmosphere made me really enjoy this place
4	It's like they fitted an ESPN sportszone with big hair, spandex, and attitude.  Average food but it can slip because, hey...it's Alice Cooper.Beware of the big unit.  Seriously.
2	Good food. The service was extremely slow and the hostess couldn't get her wait times anywhere near correct. The bartender was slower than a snail.
4	I give this a 4.5. The service was okay, thank god I didn't get the waitress who was being really mean, haha. I got the french dip sandwich with fries and coleslaw, and finished the whole thing. It was soooo good. The fries were the best part. The place was pretty empty, but it was a tuesday so I think our waitress could have been faster. When I'm in Phoenix again I'll want to go back.
5	Awesome staff, great food and cool decor
4	I have to admit, I kinda love Alice Cooperstown.  I fell in love with it the first time I came here in 2000.  I am not a local, and the idea that Alice Cooper would have a giant, warehouse style sports bar just makes me giggle ("Where Jocks and Rock meet"...hahahaha).  The face paint on the waitstaff was just cream.  FOR A SPORTSBAR, Alice Cooperstown's food is reliable and good.  I have never had to wait for a table and I have always received good service.  So, even though I am not a sports bar kind of girl, I have to give props where props are due.  Thumbs up.
2	This place I had mixed feeling about. I like Alice Cooper and he tied a unique concept together, food, sport, rock & roll and giant screen T.V. What man would not like this combination? The Good : Atmosphere was cool, service was great, BBQ Sauce was amazing, The wings good too.The Bad : I ordered the BBQ Sampler Plate with a side of Nightmare Chili and I was really disappointed. All of my dish was served at a room temperature. I don't expect it to come straight off the BBQ but at least microwave it before you send a plate out. I was expecting Nightmare Chili have flavor and heat but it turned out more like a Nap Time Chili cause it was very boring flavor. I would give this place a second chance cause service was good but no recommendations till then. Very disappointed with my dish, sorry Alice
3	My friend and I were in town to catch some spring training games, and Alice Cooper'stown seemed like a natural stop for a post-game dinner. We had no trouble parking, as we were there on a Sunday night. We were seated after a short wait, and quickly ordered some fried mushroom appetizers. They arrived hot and fast, and were crispy and tasty. Our server wasn't what one would call personable, but it kinda went with the vibe of the place. In another environment I probably wouldn't have been amused. I was torn between ordering more standard bar fare (like a burger) or the chipotle pasta dish. I ended up with the pasta, and it was very good. Just enough heat for my wimpy palate. My dining partner ordered the grilled veggie sandwich, and was very disappointed. She said it was essentially a salad on Texas toast. However, she said that the fries and chili were very good. I'm a sucker for themed restaurants, so I thought the decor was fun. The restaurant really deserves 3.5 stars since I enjoyed my entree but my friend was so disappointed with hers. Would recommend for out-of-towners who like sports and rock.
3	Fun place to go with friends for the first time. Had to try the 22" hot dog. Friendly staff and lively atmosphere. Good location, right behind arena and close to hotels. Came, saw, and conquered...
2	I went here with my friend for lunch. The hostess (if that's what you'd call her) ignored the line of people to cash a tab for a server and didn't acknowledge us. I think everytime she sat someone down, she went in the back to stuff her face, because she took forever to come back. So finally when we thought we were going to be seated, she goes to cash another check and tells a waiter to seat us. He seats us right next to the men's restroom, so my friend went and asked the hostess if we could move and she said yeah sit wherever. Finally a server says he'll be with us, then a famale server takes our drink orders. It wasn't organized at all. Then my friend ordered a beer on tap and that didn't work. So she just ordered a bottle which was $5.00. I ordered the chili cheese fries. The chili came on the side, which I was glad for. It was pretty gross, it tasted like they put sweet bbq sauce in it and it's called volcano yeah right. I was very disappointed and will not return here. If you like crappy service and frozen, reheated food then go for it.
5	I was one of 50 people who went there to get Adam's Big Unit.  The service was top notch and they move fast and get work done.  And the hot dog was sooooo huge and soooooo good.  I shared my picture of eating the big unit with Sebastian Bach and he commented back on it because it was so enormous!  It had great flavor and my favorite brioche bread.  I will be going back to attempt the dog on my own.  I am a tall skinny girl but I have a true appetite so I will definitely get that 22" hot dog down no problem.  I highly recommend Cooperstown.  It is a great place to have good food and have a great time!
5	+++Band on a Monday night+++++Delicious wings+++++$2.00 Beers+++Magic Johnson's Shroomer Burger+++++Cobb SaladAll the food here is amazing. Fun environment, great set-up. Really as good as it gets. It looks like they have great lunch specials too. I met my Dad and his flight crew here after they flew in from Chicago. They loved it! They met some friendly Aussies before I got there so it turned into a party.I didn't try the big unit, but it was fun to hear the bell ring every time the waiter brought one out. Maybe next time. Great service- very fast.
2	First thing the hours and parking situation are TERRIBLE.  If you happen to be here after a sporting event next door the environment might be good, but when I went (7:30ish) the entire dining room was empty.  Staff outnumbered customers 2 to 1! The food was average American food of the quality you can expect as most chains.  I was in fact one of those people who were sucked in by the Man vs Food episode and I finished the Big Unit all by myself.  To my niece - "HAH!  I told you I could do it!"The best thing about the night was being with my family.  Overall, there must be better options and if you decide to go, you better check the hours before taking the trip.
3	I want to love you, Alice Cooperstown, I really do. I have a few friends that actually work here-unfortunately none of them were my server. And the whole "Big Unit" thing.. I get it.. and it wouldn't have been so bad if someone wasn't ordering one every few minutes! Lol. My boyfriend and I went here recently after going to Body Worlds @ the Arizona Science Center. The place itself is really rad, I love the decor and the idea of mixing a sports bar with rock & roll memorabilia. My boyfriend ordered the "Tom Brady" burger and I ordered the "Sun Devils Clubhouse" sandwich. Our food was pretty good, however our service was not so great. After we finally got our food, our server just never came back to check on us. Although she did walk by a few times, so I really didn't get that. She only stopped by once we were done to drop off the check. That was a big turnoff. I'd go back, as long as I don't get the disappearing act server again.
2	We wanted to try this place, ever since we saw it on Man VS Food. Finally had our chance and we were disappointed. We ordered the BIG UNIT, a 22 inch hotdog. What could be wrong? Its was made with VIENNA BEEF, you know the six little wieners in a mini can. It was BAD, I was expecting Nathan's! As far as the toppings A+, the Baguette roll A+. Would I come back, Yes, But to try something else.
4	Had a opportunity to bring a few of the family here last weekend! My baby big brother had the Big Unit and with help from all of us, I thought with the size this dog would have problems! Just because it's big! Doesn't mean it better! But this was not that bad. Wife and I shared an order of nachos, Daughter had her usual cheeseburger, son had an order of wings, which they are breaded, and was OK. Over all we had a great time. We will be coming back again!
3	Tonight I made my first venture to Alice Cooperstown.  Why not?  I arrived at the ballpark early and wanted to fill my stomach.  I dig Alice and heard he ran a cool place.The decor was pretty cool.  I've never been to Hard Rock Cafe but I'm guessing it's similar in style.  But who goes to a restaurant for the decor?  Atmosphere adds to the experience but the food is what matters the most.I thought about trying the Big Unit dog but opted for the Gonzo's BBQ Beef sandwich w/ fries and Nightmare chili and I added the hot link for $2 more.The beef brisket was just okay.  I have much better and even for a few dollars cheaper elsewhere.  To be honest, though, I don't come to a place like this expecting the best of the best.  The hot link was standard.  The Nightmare chili really stood out.  Very tasty.  My beverage was served in a giant glass and the waitress kept the refills coming which is a major plus in my book.Overall the food was decent.  I wouldn't make a special trip down to this joint but I'd eat there again if I was already in the area for a ball game.
5	home of the infamous man v food bases loaded big unit hot dog...which we totally split! even with all the crazy fixings (and, not to mention the sheer size), this was an awesome hot dog!but, the real dark horse were the sweet maple garlic wings! you have to try them...seriously! overall, a great sports restaurant/bar!"BIG UNIT"!
4	Yes we went here because it was on Man vs. Food! We were suprized how good the food was. Husband had ribs and LOVED them. I had a buffalo chicken sandwich and it was very good too. Service was friendly and quick. Good place for groups.
2	I really dint care for this place. the music was blah and the out door seating was lame.The only cool thing i saw was the big unit. A home wrecking size weenie some old man was trying to deep throat.
5	Best Sports bar in downtown by a mile. If you are lucky you might even get to meet Alice. The big unit is an amazing dog. As for the rest of the food I have never had anything bad and I have been going since it opened back in the day. Also a fun place to watch a show.
3	So the b/f has been buggin for awhile to check this out place and even though i was not really in the mood for "bar food " i gave in. Inside is decorated pretty cool. The menu is creative in the naming and they do have a nice selection, but nothing really i HAD to have, ya know one of those kinds of menus.i will say service was good, and they are very cool about substitution and making your order the way you wish to make you happy. I tried the chicken wrap and it came with my choice of two side.. had the fries and mandarin oranges. the lover had some wings and he said they were pretty good. Nice beer selection, i had the seasonal and loved it.I think this is a spot you should check out at least just once if you're in the area. Could be a good spot for after work drinks when you're just in the mood for a few drinks and something to snack on... not necessarily dinner.
4	Dad and I stop in every time we're in Phoenix for Spring Training, it's fun, the huge lemonade mugs are just what we need after nine innings in the sun. The barbecue is very good - not the best in Phoenix (Town Talk II) - but better than most. Gonna have to try a Big Unit Dog next time, it's the cornerstone of the menu and as long as your arm. The only critique I have is for the Wings of Mass Destruction. I dunno if we weren't hip to the joke or not, but we've found more WMDs in Iraq. Dad and I were stoked to share a basket and when we did the waitress gave us the disclaimer that if they're too hot, they can't be sent back. We thought "allright, bring the pain." Maybe they switched up our order or something but these guys barely registered on the modestly spicy scale. That asside, this is a great sports bar and a must-visit for spring training regulars.
4	We stopped here before a D-Backs game on a Saturday afternoon. We liked the idea of the baseball theme before a game and the dual reference of Alices last name and the home of baseball's hall of fame was not lost on us. All around you are the double references of rock and sport. On the wall are signed guitars, in the lobby is a basketball floor and actual backboard from the Suns. Large and spacious with many places to eat. Brick warehouse feel.Our server was friendly and attentive. All the servers sport a small version alices trademark "black tear" eyes. I ordered a Kurt Warner Reuben ($9.99) and my wife ordered the BBQ platter sampler ($13.99). The menu has lots of fun names for it's fare. Our food arrived in what seemed to be 2 minutes. The fastest I've ever experienced. This is a jeans and beer place. Your food will come in a basket lined with paper -- diner style. My sandwich was piled high with tender corned beef and toasted to perfection. The fries were crispy and hot. The slaw was crispy and fresh. The BBQ platter was delish and will definitely take a couple days to eat. Washed it all down with a draft Blue Moon. Often, celebrity-themed restarants have much to be desired on the food front -- overpriced for what you get -- but we were pleasantly surprised. Once in a while the classic rock music background is punctuated by a ringing school bell and everyone shouts "The Big Unit!" which signals that someone has ordered the signature monster hot dog as featured on Man vs. Food on the Travel Channel.Overall a fun good time. Good place to bring visitors. We were here on a Saturday afternoon but I'll bet this place rocks at night on the big outdoor patio.
5	OK I cannot speak for all their food, but their Adam RIchmond Big Unit hot dog was the best hot dog I have EVER had. It is really that good. 100% beef, goodness. Great place for a beer  before heading to Chase field too.
4	Walked over before a dbacks game. Loved the beer garden, nice draft selection and good tunes. It will likely become tradition before future games.
5	just had lunch at alice cooperstown, had the pastrami sandwich, it was fantastic, the atmosphere was killer and it decor was cool.
3	Food was okay, but the service was great. Our waitress was on the ball even though the place was packed for MLB All Star festivities. My friend tried the Big Unit and it was decent. You cannot expect a 22" hot dog to be the best hot dog of your life, but it was worth a try when we were in town. I ordered the Cuban Sandwich and it was good. I would try something else on my next visit to town, but we will definitely be back.
4	This place is a lot of fun as a result of the atmosphere and pleasant wait staff!  The menu rocks a combination of vegetarian items, low carb items, and greasy guilty pleasures.The only problem is that it may be difficult to locate parking during peak hours, especially when a sporting event is taking place.Does anyone know how frequently Mr. Cooper makes appearances in his restaurant?  I'm just curious...
4	Alice Cooperstown is owned by rocker Alice Cooper and is a pretty unique sports bar in downtown Phoenix. Cooperstown was also featured on Man vs. Food.The most unique item and the biggest draw on the menu is the "Big Unit" hot dog. This is by far the biggest hot dog that I've ever seen and the reason that I went to Cooperstown.The Big Unit is a 1 pound, 22 inch long Vienna hot dog, on a baguette roll. You can choose any combination of 9 toppings for the Unit. I went with cheese sauce, jalapenos, bacon, and tomato. The dog had a good taste to it and the bread was fresh. I loved the cheese sauce and bacon, but would probably go without the jalapenos next time. Surprisingly I was able to finish the entire dog, but had to really force the last four or five bites down. I've never felt fuller in my life.Unique restaurant and menu along with good food gives Cooperstown 4 stars.
4	Awesome food and great atmosphere.  Service was awesome.A perfect spot for pre/post game fun.
4	Now this is what I am talking about!  Great atmosphere, interesting staff and good food.  This is the type of place that the Hard Rock forgot it should be.Just a few minutes walk from Chase Field in downtown Phoenix, A.C. is a great pre or post game stop.  Plenty of seating both indoor and out makes this restaurant manageable even during high traffic.  Staff is courteous and knowledgeable (even with the required eye makeup).  The staff was quick, attentive and appropriately chatty.  Many will share stories of Alice himself and all actually seem happy to be there.  Plenty of fantastic memorabilia adorns the walls from Alice's career and industry buddies so that even if there is a wait to be seated, you can kill the time by ogling your surroundings.The food is above average with solid wings and bbq selections mostly named after music or sports stars.  However,  the real attraction is The Big Unit a 22 inch 1 pound hot dog personification of the former Diamondback pitching great (and A.C. partner) Randy Johnson.  Yes, that's right, a 22 inch hot dog on its own baguette.  This thing is so impressive that bell tolls and the staff shouts its name every time one leaves the kitchen.  You can get yours naked or piled with everything they've got in the back from jalapenos and bacon to chili and cheese whiz.  Definitely worth the trip just to see one of these monsters emerge from the back.  What could easily have been a run of the mill celebrity owned restaurant tourist trap is actually a fun, lively and must see staple of downtown Phoenix.
3	We were in town for a seminar for 3 days and we decided to give the place a try only because it was featured on MvF.  We wanted to see whether we could conquer the Big Unit hotdog.  It is definitely a huge unit at 22 inches long.There were very few customers on a non-game Thursday night so it was not that noisy.  Overall experience was ok.  Prices are ok.  The hotdog was a bit on the salty side but surely something that one must try out at least once.
4	Very fun tourist place. The staff was nice and the food was what I expected for a place next to a ball park and downtown Phoenix. THE BIG UNIT was a big hit...everytime someone order one they would ring a bell and yell BIG UNIT...it was cute and funny for the first 30 minutes then it got annoying. If you visit Phoenix it is a definite place to stop and visit for lunch and atmosphere.
2	Went here because of Man vs Food.  Nice place to have a Beer and watch sports or just hang out.  But, the food, that is another story.  My daughter had the fish tacos.  They where like Libby TV dinner style fish sticks no taste.  My wife had the Cheeseburger, again no taste and not any better that a Bob's Big boy burger.  I had the hot wings, they where OK, and the nachos where like High school football game nachos.  Our waitress always acted like she was being bothered.  All in All, I tried this place for food and I will not be going back or recommend to anyone I know.  Drinks only OK!!!  2 words describes this place:  Tourist Trap.
4	great place to go with out of towners after a downtown game!the drinks here are better than the bar food!
3	Just like its namesake, this spot is loud, wild and crazy. If you come here before or after a sporting event, it's sure to be jam packed from floor to ceiling. I've seen every type of person here from the out of towner older gentlemen entertaining .... younger ladies.... to families taking down the super gigantic hot dog that Adam Richmond dominated on Man Vs Food to college student drinking the entire bar up before the game. It's a fun atmosphere, the food is generic bar food with the exception of some ginormous food options and overall just an exciting and enthusiastic crowd and seen. This is definitely a spot to keep on the list if you're in Downtown looking for a fun spot to stop into before or after a game.
5	$4 awesome bloody marys on weekends! And $4 bud drafts too. Tons of food, so do your health a favor and split a meal with someone else.Cooper donates a lot back to our community. A friend of mine from college received a scholarship to Grand Canyon University funded by Alice Cooper. Support local! :)
3	Food is okay but nothing amazing. We had the huge hot dogAtmosphere and service are okay. So nothing special but hey it's Alice Cooper, my wife didnt even know him !
3	Although the food was good the excessive price of the experience left me wanting more.  I ordered the macaroni and cheese, with chicken, for $13 - the portion was ok for the price, but less than an hour later I was hungry again. To drink I ordered the microbrewery SanTan Devil's Gordo Stout for $5.50. This was a very sad beer; watery, flat, and slightly sweet - over priced at any amount.
1	Unless you are looking for drinks, save your money. Area was rundown, shop area had empty shelves and limited selection of sizes, and the fun was average.Decent for drinks or watching sports but don't make a mecca for this place. The big unit I had was below average. Bun was hard. Hot dog was flavorless and chilli was bland.
4	ROCK OUT WITH YOUR COCK OUT!!!As a big heavy metal and hard rock fan I just had to make sure to hit up Alice Cooperstown on my recent visit to Phoenix. As I walked into this warehouse sized rock & sports mecca I was surely not disappointed.This place is huge. There is an outdoor beer garden seating area on the side of the building and when you walk indoors you realize that this place is airplane hanger big. Rock and roll memorabilia is plastered everywhere here with a terriic amount of Alice Cooper posters, gold and platinum records, photos, paintings, guitars, and other stuff representing his Hall of Fame career plastered throughout. Even all the tables are covered in rock photos and images. Along side all of that is a mix of sports memorabilia spread throughout with flat screen tv's and large projection screens everywhere! Yeah, as you can imagine, they play some great rock music here, classic to current. This is the type of place that Hard Rock Cafe wishes it could be.The menu here is pretty big with a mix of classic bar food, comfort food, and BBQ. Nice selection of beers on tap and in bottles. We ordered a mixed BBQ platter and it was actually some pretty decent BBQ! Great ribs and tasty brisket. Alas, what caught my eye was The Big Unit. Not just a regular hot dog, but 22 inches of Vienna Beef destruction loaded with chili, onions, jalapenos, sauerkraut, relish, tomatoes, cheese sauce, shredded cheddar, and bacon, along with a bunch of crispy fries. Oh Yeah! This is the dog that Adam Richman devoured on Man vs Food! They ring a big bell whenever this is ordered. I saw a few people give up on it and take half home in a box. Not me. Now I was going to join that fat ass and do some damage here myself!Yup, I ate that whole damn thing! Honesty, it was pretty tasty and was not too hard to finish. Just had to pace myself. Drinking a huge cup of diet Coke while doing this was not too smart as my gut felt like it was going to explode! Still, I got the whole thing down my throat bit by bit and swallowed it whole. Heh-heh-heh! I sat there in euphoric bliss of my accomplishment. Boy, did I feel like a fat slob.On the way out we had to look around the souvenier area and picked up a few things. Had a great time here and the food was pretty good. Nice waitress and all of them here wear Alice Cooper-like eye makeup while working which adds to the fun. Menu items are fairly priced too. This part of town is empty unless a game is going on and there is a parking garage across the street, along with metered spots on the streets but after 8PM they are free. Lots of available parking.MAN vs FOOD AIN'T GOT NOTHING ON ME!!!
4	When I found out that this place actually existed, it was inevitable that I had to go if I ever made it out to Phoenix.  Alice Cooper + play off of baseball terminology = I must go.  And whenever I think about Alice Cooper, I always think about the diatribe he went on about Milwaukee in Wayne's World, making me wonder why this place isn't in Milwaukee instead.Anyway, being a Sunday in November with the Cardinals on the road, Downtown Phoenix was more or less deserted.  That being said, I didn't complain at the fact that I had my veritable pick of free parking on the street anywhere near the restaurant that day. I was actually confused.  The Cardinals were on the east coast on this particular day, and I imagine a sports bar like Cooperstown should be a little busier for a Cardinals game, but it really wasn't.  The place is big, spacious, with tons of big screen televisions showing a myriad of "early" NFL games, and the place was pretty low-populated throughout the entire time I was there.  I guess MST/PST people work on a different clock when it comes to football, because the place started filling up at around 2 pm, regardless if it were after the Cardinals had vanquished the gross Eagles.No matter, Cooperstown was a good experience for me.  Firstly, my waitress, Alisha was a total cutie, and I totally dig chicks in sports jerseys AND face paint, and I'd totally fantasize about asking her out if I lived in Arizona.  The food was a little better than what I'd have expected from a sports bar; the variety was a tad on the expansive side, but I'm glad that my BBQ plate didn't have anything that was butchered and horrible.  But the suds flowed well and I was able to enjoy several football games simultaneously.  Multiple times, I wondered why it was so sparsely populated for a football afternoon, but I suppose that could be a little bit of a culture clash from the east coaster like me coming from a football crazed area like Atlanta.Overall: Free Sunday parking, no wait, cute waitress, above average food, lots of beer, tons of football to watch and enjoy.  Would consider coming back when my baseball travels bring me back out to Phoenix for a Dbacks game or more Fall League.  I want people to ring the bell and scream BIG UNIT for when I tackle that giant hot dog.
2	The food here is not particularly good, nor bad enough to make it stand out, other than its enormous hot-dog, "the big unit". However, the overpriced drinks make it a place you should pre-game before you head to for sports viewing. Clearly this place relies on its owner's renown for its reputation and customer base more so than it's ability to be a quality location.
3	I only came in here because Alice Cooper ROCK, however was not at all impressed with the food and service.
3	When we lived in AZ, my biggest regret was not coming here. I've always wanted to try it.Doing our road tripping this week, I was able to. Parking was easy for a weekday...we went in - through the wrong door. Oops. The server who was stocking things seemed surprised, but rolled with it. She said we could sit anywhere we wanted (we were a party of three). We chose a table for 6 so we could spread out a little and not be so squished. She immediately snapped, "Not that - it's for 6 people." I almost said, "Then don't tell us we can sit wherever we want..." I refrained. That surly girl nearly spoiled it, but luckily our server saved the day.I saw the hot dog...you know, the 22 inch insane monster on the menu. I split it with my friend. We didn't even finish it. It was delicious, if a bit salty. I knew it was a salt overload because in under an hour my fingers were swollen. :( Oh salt, why must I love you yet be so affected by you?We didn't finish it, but definitely enjoyed it. If I get this again when in town, I'll get it plain and still split it with a friend.
4	The ambiance is great! I loved looking at all of the cool old school rock memorabilia! I even bought an Alice Cooperstown t-shirt for a Christmas present. They have hats, tank tops and t-shirts - great for any rock fan!The food is great - you can expect the typical bar fare, but try to BBQ! They smoke everything in house and the bbq sauce is awesome!They have a few menu items good for a "diet" but that's not why you come to Cooperstown! Enjoy the fries and the 16 inch hot dog - get it bases loaded for the full shabang!Go to Cooperstown before a baseball game and you'll be amazed with the fun, vibrant crowd. OH - and drink specials every day. I'm in!
2	I had been to Cooperstown before and thought the food was "ok". I had ordered a pulled pork sandwich that was way too big and costs way too much. I didn't think I'd be back. However, I was babysitting my friends nephews this weekend and we both though it would be a hoot to tell the 5 year old we are going to grab a hot dog.He is a picky eater so we didn't feed him lunch and when he said he was hungry we headed on over to Cooperstown.We ordered our sodas and the 5 year old drank his in about 2 minutes. When we asked him if he wanted a hot dog he decided against it...bummer! So we ordered him a couple of sliders and the other nephew got the Mike Myers. Me and my friend ordered the hot dog just to see what the 5 year old thought.Anyway, along comes the food. The 5 year old said "What the heck is that? That's a really big hot dog!". And that was that.The other nephew, age 12, got his Mike Myers and took about one bite out of it. He didn't like it much and I don't really blame him. I examined the sandwich only to find that the BBQ sauce on it was all dried up on the meat. The grilled pork loin appeared to be the only fresh meat on the sandwich. Ah well, 14 dollar sandwich down the drain.The 5 year old took a tiny bite out of his dry hamburger slider and ate a couple of fries. The fries were just like Burger King fries...not so yummy.Me and my friend started eating the hot dog which had shredded cheese, bacon and pickles. Each side is a dollar, by t he way. Anyway....it tasted good for the first few bites but after that I was overwhelmed by the saltiness of the hot dog. Way too salty.50 dollars later I walked out with 3 take home containers and 4 people that were still hungry because they couldn't eat the food.On to the ambiance; they sat us very close to the entrance/exit to the kitchen which is also near the bar. They had 4 TV's going and the music was blaring. We couldn't even hear each other talking.  I don't know why they had to have the music so loud...it was just annoying.Oh, and I had to pay 5 bucks to park since there was something going on downtown....what a pain.I really think I am going to steer clear of this tourist trap from here on in. If you want some really good BBQ, head to Bobby Q's up north.
5	Came here to split the "Adam Richman's" Loaded Big Unit, fat 22inch sausage on a french baguette smothered in chili, jalapeno, cheese, onions, tomatoes, bacon (although mine wasn't smothered in bacon :(). with a side of THE BEST seasoned fries I've ever had. So the unit had a lot of flavors but it wasn't too hot, but it was still great and I can finally say I tried it.Also got a side of fried zucchini which was amazing as well, the marinara sauce it came with was really wet though, but the ranch the provided was good enough for me. I probably don't need to come in again for the loaded unit, but what I saw other people ordering made my mouth water, everything looks delicious! Service was great, nothing bad about this place at all. Came when there wasn't a sports game so it wasn't crowded :). Would come back just for the seasoned fries.. mmmmmmm.
2	Such a disappointment. I came here around Christmastime with my family and it was a Friday afternoon/early evening and the place was a bore. There was no interesting or exciting music like you would expect from a rock legend type bar. The food was alright. We shared an appetizer platter called the wildcat combo which was really tiny, enough for maybe two people. My dad had the mike meyers yeah baby sandwich, which was loaded with meats, actually pretty good. Our waitress was new, and boy was she struggling, but with a large party it can be a little difficult. One disappointment we had was with the bartending. My uncle ordered a french connection and they had no idea what it was, not that bartenders have to know every single drink on earth, but the fact that we had to look it up on a app made me feel like if the customer can look it up, shouldn't the bartenders have a book to look up things they don't know. Later that evening when we were about to leave, the place was packed the outside bar was crowded and inside was crowded too. There were couples waiting for over an hour for a table. If you just want a drink this place isn't bad, just make sure you know what's in it, but for regular dining I would skip it.
2	Finally we went after being in AZ for 3 yrs, and seeing it on Man vs. Food. Its not all what it cracks up to be.If you ever went to Dick's Last Resort in downtown San Diego, that's what the outside looks like.  Good luck trying to find parking, its on the street and you have to pay. It close to the baseball stadium too. The inside is nice. It had Alice Coopers albums, guitars and pictures. You can buy apparel, cups and more at the counter. Very loud. You have a good wait to be seated, there is no where to sit and wait. The restrooms are not clean. I know they're busy but they're neglected just like the tables. SERVICE IS BAD. We had Lady GaGa  sausage links for appetizers. It was good, but not for the price. It tastes like Hillshire farms links. We got The Big Unit, loaded, but half without jalepeno and relish cause of the kids. Do you know that everytime the server comes out with one they ring a bell and say "The Big Unit" VERY loudly and everyone says it too. After a while it gets annoying. When the server gave us our food, it was wrong and didn't look like the picture on the menu or what Man vs Food and were was the fries? You get more at McDonald's! We told her what we ordered she insisted that is what we ordered and showed us the ticket she wrote. She said that she would have to charge us for another one. She took it back with an attitude. I had a fit because it wasn't worth the money you have to pay! It took us forever to get the next one and it was cold! AND no fries. We asked why them no fries? ( We got them after we got the check.) Talked to a "manager" and they took care of the problem but it still wasn't right. We still had to pay for it. We tried to make the best of it...  So, we had sausage links and a big hot dog, no fries, over priced drinks and a worst time.I think once was enough and won't go back. Unless we win or be given a gift card.
4	My ex is a HUGE fan of Adam Richman.  Sigh, she always told me she would leave me for him given the chance, I should've taken that as a sign..... :)  Kidding, she's awesome and still a close friend.She insisted we go eat here, and as such we had to get the "Adam Richman's Bases Loaded Big Unit" which, for those of you that haven't watched the show, consists of "a massive 22" vienna all beef hotdog, "nightmare" chili, bacon, cheese sauce, sauerkraut, jalapenos, diced tomatoes, diced onions, sweet relish and shredded cheddar cheese" and served on top of a bed of a fries (I think a pound of them).Check out the photo I added for me and her getting down on that thing "Lady and the Tramp" style.This place is a junk food mecca.Don't forget to ask to have our face painted at the front!
4	We eat here periodically, mainly because I am a HUGE Alice Cooper fan, but also because we saw it on "Man vs Food."I have enjoyed everything I have eaten here!  I have been here for dinner & lunch, and the place is always jumping busy, but the service is excellent and the food even better.  I have yet to try the Big Unit, but am only biding my time...
4	Stopped by for lunch the other day and had the pastrami, which was very good. I was a little freaked out by the waitresses makeup at first, but she was very nice and I enjoyed my lunch. I definitely would go back to try something else on the menu.
4	My friend and I stopped here for a quick bite before a concert and I am so glad we did! I ordered the "Home Run" which was 4 ribs and 8 wings...it was amazing! I don't really like ribs and I scarfed all of them down and those were seriously the best wings I've ever had! Huge with lots of meat and a great buffalo sauce. Great Cole slaw as well! I can't really comment on the atmosphere because we were seated outside, but the staff seemed really friendly.
5	ALICE AND HIS WIFE ARE WONDERFUL, THEY DO A LOT FOR ARIZONA, this restaurant is amazing and all the food is homemade, and the ribs are amazing, and, if you get the footlong hot dog, the bell rings.  This is close to CHASE FIELD AND all of the sites in DOWNTOWN.
3	A good sports bar. Slightly above average in food, drink, prices and atmosphere. Not a place a go out of my way for, but always willing to go if that is where we end up.
4	My friend and I visited Cooperstown in March before a Suns game and had a blast! We sat at the bar and were surrounded by big screens with sports stuff, a cool bartender who hooked us up with happy hour Stella Artois and a platter of food, and lots of pretty waitresses wearing Alice Cooper-like makeup and covered in tattoos. It was busy but pleasant. There are tons of music-related items of Alice from vinyls to guitars and photos, as well as sports stuff everywhere.The sampler platter included delicious pulled pork mini burgers, two potato skins (named "Pat Tillman potato skins" on the menu), buffalo chicken wings, and chicken tenders. The pulled pork was DELICIOUS and we were licking up the sauce. The tenders were great in ranch sauce. It also had a plate of crispy fries, my favorite. The chicken wings were good but not great, it wasn't fall off the bone delicious but it was not overcooked and I enjoyed it. We got out of there with two beers apiece and the sampler platter for $36 tip included. Great atmosphere, wonderful vibe. I will be returning here.
4	A group of us went to try the "Big unit" 22" hot dog. I have to say that it was delicious and more than plenty for one person. Yes, this is the hot dog that was on the food channel. I ordered the fried zucchini's and loved them. Wings, were amazing and finger licking good. The beer selection was adequate, I would love to come again.
5	A classic old brick building, within a stone's throw of the basketball game, and a home run away from Chase Field. Filled with rock memorabilia, sports memorabilia, HD TVs and five giant projection screens! Top this off with giant portions of good old fashioned man food. Parking, albeit pay, in the back.
4	Awesome place! I like the memorabilia on the walls.
1	I was really disappointed at my experience here. It looks nice enough, kind of like a Hard Rock Cafe. The wait staff were dressed comfortably, even if they have to wear eyeliner stuff under their eyes. They were very nice. That's about it for the good stuff. When someone orders the Big Unit (made famous by Man vs Food), a super annoying bell goes off and all the wait staff stop what they're doing and yell "BIG UNIT!" That got old after the third one. I definitely couldn't work there. The big disappointment, though, was the food. I got the BBQ sampler thing and my husband got nachos. The tortillas were soggy and when you picked one up, everything slid off it so all you got was soggy wet chips and no toppings. Even when you scooped it up with a fork or whatever, the toppings didn't taste very good. As for mine-it all tasted like (and had the texture of) stuff that had been cooked in a boil-in-the-bag meal. The sauce was SUPER sweet, and none of the meat had the slightest flavor or appearance of having been even wafted through smoke. All I really ate were the fries, and they were the battered kind, which are gross. All in all I was super, SUPER disappointed and won't be back OR recommend this place to others.
4	The fully loaded big unit is huge.  If you like hot dogs you must definitely try this.  Parking isn't that great though as you are right next to all of the stadiums in Phoenix and all the parking lots charge outrageous fees.  Try and find street parking if you are lucky.
4	The prices are fair, especially for those attending sports events downtown. The food is very good, especially for BBQ fans. We tried the macaroni and cheese, which came with bacon and chicken, and had excellent flavors. The hot links are a nice, simple, flavorful BBQ sausage appetizer. We also tried the BBQ sampler platter, which comes with ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and hot links. The ribs were the best and are probably a good item to try as a standalone dish. The drinks come in huge ~32 oz glasses, so you probably won't need refills. There are plenty of huge screen TVs located around the dining room for watching sports. There are also many rock memorabilia pieces located around the restaurant.
2	First the good... Tap beer tastes good and reasonably priced.Now the not do good.... Ordered the WMD wings and were extremely disappointed. They are made with store bought mild sauce and breaded. Ugh :(  Stick with Zips in Scottsdale.
2	Welcome to Alice's overpriced tourist trap nightmare! Food is expensive and totally tasteless. Seemed like they used generic frozen ingredients for all the dishes we ordered. The fish fry and fish tacos were the worst. Seriously, $13 for 3 skimpy, dry pieces of fried fish? C'mon! The "Mike Myers" sandwich was just OK, but not really worth it. If you're a fan, grab a beer and check the memorabilia on the walls, but better get your grub somewhere else.
4	Enjoyed it through and through. Had the big unit hot dog. It was actually delicious. Will go back whenever im in Arizona. Oh! and the waitress was very nice.
3	Cooperstown is a solid stop on your way to the Chase Field.Did I order the Big Unit?  - Abso-fricken-lutely.  This is one of their draws serving up this GIGANTIC HOT DOG...One friend said..."hmm, I didn't know they made buns that big."  You better be ready for it.Also, nice touch with the face paint, its good to see everyone of the servers, bus boys, waiters/waitresses rocking the Alice Cooper signature face paint.Some of us had the soup of the day which was some Gumbo, it was DELISH!Go here, feed yourself a hearty helping, with a choice of several plates named after an athlete or celebrity.
4	This is a great place to enjoy some food and or drinks before or after an event at the arena.  The prices are very reasonable and soft drinks come in a huge glass.  Therefore,  you may not even need a refill!It's always been quiet when I have been there but the only drawback is they close I believe like 10 or 11pm.
1	I finaly fell for the trap of Cooperstown! I heard from multiple people that Cooperstown was the greatest, Not only am i embarrassed that i went there i will never go back!.......To Start off we waited for about 20 minutes for our table which is reasonable , but when we sat down we didn't see our waiter for about another 10 minutes! I know it is a sports bar and it is going to be noisy but this was just unreal! The T.V.'s where turned up so loud that we couldn't talk to each other at our own table! After trying we resulted to just sitting there watching the T.V.'s without talking to each other! We even asked a worker if they could turn down the Sound just a little bit and they said it could not be done! I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and it was one of the worst i have ever had! It honestly tasted like school cafeteria food! The fries where some of the worst i have had! i do not know how you can mess up french fries but they easily managed that! Then in the end i had to pay for all that! I will never go back! Dont fall for the Trap like me!
4	After watching Man v Food I really wanted to try this place. My sister and I shared the big unit and have to admit, its really GOOD! The prices for 2 was great. The only down side to the restaurant is that the service wasn't all there. Its a great place to have good food.
3	I thought the food was mediocre, but the service was great & the atmosphere is definitely entertaining!I ordered a club sandwich that was just alright. For sides I ordered fries & coleslaw; fries were good, coleslaw was okay. I thought the prices were fair considering the portions.The table next to me ordered the Big Unit - wowza.Not a bad option in the area!
3	My husband and I enjoy coming down early before a game.  We love the wings.  But this time I had the ribs and they didn't take that silverskin layer off the back of the rack which was gross in my mouth.  But the service was great as always.  And who doesn't love yelling out "BIG UNIT"??!!
4	I absolutely can say that I had the best ribs in my life here. I ordered the Tony La Russa's St Louis Ribs and it was divine. ON the downside, I did not like our waiter who didn't seem like he wanted to be there. He never really checked on us  and we waited a long time for our check to come. Service = Bad. Food = Good.
4	Cool place!Went there with a friend before heading to see Iron Maiden @ Cricket. Fast, very courteous and attentive service. Great atmosphere and decor (love the old music memorabilia). The Veggie Quesadilla was awesome. Will definitely come back (perhaps when the weather is nicer... it was 102 at 10pm on the night of the show)...
5	This is aunique place and not much else I have come across is like this. The food was very good, the staff was helpful, friendly and on top of things plus they elicit the "Alice Cooper" image in a very accurate way (although they did a not bring me a snake-thank God). Rock N Roll, Food, and Sports are 3 of my 4 favorite things that AC has. If you are thinking of going here or not GO! why deny yourself a very necessary experience in life!
3	Food was good as we split a Scottsdale club.  Smaller than expected portions on the sides.  Asked for chili, got a dipping sauce cup of it.  Sorry but that's a shit or get off the pot thing: either don't offer or don't serve so small.Would've been nice to have known the price of beer.  It's not posted on the menus.  Had the San Tan Hopshock IPA.  Very tasty but my main quibble is we just left the baseball stadium.  Why are you serving me 12 oz in a plastic cup for $5.50?  Left the stadium to escape that ding.  Eh, but I'm from Oregon, I'm used to a 16 oz pint for 4 or less.  Won't talk about the service. Looked like he was pretty meh about being there.  Won't hold that against them. Good experience but probably wouldn't recommend.
4	Lets just say this place is awesome! My sister in law ordered that huge ol' hot dog and shared it with 3 different people. I had a bbq chicken salad and it was pretty good and a very decent size. I wanted to take the cup home that they served our drinks it!  It is a fun place to work out and if your kids are scared of dark make up I would definitely steer clear of this place!!! But fun place to just enjoy a good lunch/drink or two!
1	This place sucks. The wait staff  took a long time to get to my table, which was weird as it was not particularly packed that day. Overall, I had to wait nearly an hour between time of order to time of serving. Don't go there unless you are very patient.
2	I certainly wanted to enjoy this place...who wouldn't? With Alice Cooper's name on the door and his picture everywhere, I thought it would be a hit. I am new in town so I decided to check it out one afternoon. I went on a Wednesday for lunch and sat at the bar- they boast half-priced lunch between 11-3 and have various items half off for each day of the week. Wednesday was 50% off their salads and meatloaf. I decided to go with the Bruce Lee asian chicken salad and coupled it with a nice Pear Cider. I loved looking at all the memorabilia and the bartender was super nice. My salad was disgusting, to be frank. Limp lettuce with some canned mandarin oranges thrown on top and chicken that was cooked in the worst sauce, also strewn about and finally topped with way too much sesame dressing. When the bill came, I saw that my beer was more expensive than my salad! Not worth it. Go for a beer but not a meal.
3	I am a sucker for themed restaurants and fell in love with Alice Coopers organized chaos.  You first walk through a gated, sports themed, outdoor dining area.  It has a bunch of picnic tables, a concession stand, basketball hoop and flags blowing overhead...very cool! As you enter, you are greeted by a face painted Alice Cooper hostess, then realized that all of their employees have their face painted like Alice Cooper! The restaurant itself is engulfed in paraphernalia.  A little chaotic but I wouldn't expect anything less.  It is definitely more a bar than restaurant and the food proved the same. First time dining at Alice Cooperstown, we had to try the "Big Unit"! When ordering this monster, you must be prepared for a loud delivery! They ring the bell and yell "biiig uniiit" when delivering it to your table! Awesome! There are two options when ordering the big unit.  The original is simple and served without fries.  The second is an "Adam Richmond" inspired creation, drenched in toppings and paired with fries, so we got the Adam!  Whoa Baby! This thing was 2 feet long! ...did my fiance and I finish it all? Almost! We left about half a foot and called it quits.  We did eat all of the fries.  The fries were good but the dog wasn't anything special.  You mainly order the "Big Unit" if you have a big appetite or are looking for an entertaining experience.The overall menu is filled with movie and sports inspired entrees.  Mostly fried items with a few pasts dishes.  They have a weekly happy hour with standard offerings on specific days, so you can plan accordingly! Large flat screens cover the entire bar so that, no matter where you are seated, you'll have a comfortable view!
3	Saw this place on Man v. Food and it was so close to our hotel, had to check it out. At 7:00Pm on a Saturday, night we pulled up and it looked closed...it was that slow. Walked in and was promptly greeted by the traditional Alice Cooper Zombie host. We had the place to ourselves and were really well taken care of. This place looks like the love child of Hard Rock cafe, Tilted Kilt. Amazing music memorabilia and sports from all over the world in every direction. Kinda like drinking beer and eating BBQ in a Guitar Center or a plasma tv store!  I had the pulled pork and she had "no more Mr. nice guy" pasta. "a spicy chicken penne pasta with a little hot dog thrown in for good measure.  Surprisingly good considering. the pulled pork was good and hit the spot considering I was craving BBQ!  The fact of the matter is, you need to go here for the ambience, the sports memorabilia, the rock 'n roll  museum that this place is. You're not going to walk away from here with some kind of culinary epiphany or recipes for the kitchen or for your next family barbecue reunion. This would be a great place to watch a game or a fight without a doubt.I'll come back for sure!!
3	http://stevelerer.comWhile in Phoenix for the NASPA conference I decided to try a Man vs Food restaurant with our friends Michelle and Keith. Alice Cooperstown makes no attempt to be anything besides it's namesake. This is a place that is all about music, beer, and bar food across from a stadium. We arrived and sat outside while we waited to order. I decided to go all out and order the "Adam Richman's" Bases Loaded  Big Unit hot dog. This rediculous hot dog was a 22inch Vienna Beef dog loaded up with their "nightmare" chili, bacon, cheese sauce, sauerkraut, jalapenos, tomatoes, onions, relish, cheddar cheese, and a boatload of fries. A short while later the unreasonalby large dish arrived at our table. This is a true foodventure statement. I do not like hot dogs. But for the love of eating and the spirit of the list, I dove right in. I will say that this was a hot dog made with good meat though after 4 bites I was pretty much over it. The toppings were intense, it was really just everything possible piled high on the dog. As you obviously determined this was a knife and fork affair and it took some time. About half way through I hit something I had never hit before, the dreaded food wall. It was time to buckle down and make this happen. It took everything I had to go bite by bite but with the cheers of Keith and Michelle, I reached my final bites. After what I would say was a half hour I downed the final bite and stood up victorious!Our time at Alice Cooperstown was fun and stomach busting but not necessarily a place I would frequent if I lived in Phoenix. Michelle, Virginia, and Keith said that their food wasn't bad either. Overall Review: 5/10
1	My husband and I was in az on vacation the week of 9/20We visited this dump friday 9/21 for lunch . Well all I can tell you is shame on you. Firstly the food was horrible. My turkey sandwich was dry with no sauce on it, they forgot the avocado and when I finally received it , it was brown.  I let it go  but when my husband bit into his pulled chicken sandwich and almost choked on a 1  1/2 inch bone that was it for me. .. I said something to the waitress and the response was well it is chicken and they have bones and they  pull it off the bone . Are you freaking kidding me.. what the hell kind of response is that?  I am trying to find a way to contact Alice cooper himself because how can someone put their  name on such a disgrace of a establishment.  I would never ever let my restaurant get to that point. I suppose it's all about the mighty dollar. Also I kept the bone just in case.
2	It's really not a bad place to watch a game.  Big TVs, decent beer choices, edible fried foods, nice staff.  With a few changes it could be a 4 star joint. But here's the deal:  every time some schmo orders their signature two foot long hotdog  platter called the "Big Unit" - a horrifying, shrill, alarm rings off and the staff simultaneously yells the eponymous name.  When I was there, 17 such "Units" were purchased in rapid succession.   I watched the rest of the game in fear of another order.  Thanks for the PTSD Alice Cooper!
4	Two words: Big Unit!! Just try it...you won't be disappointed! Make sure you share it, because it is insanely huge. Great bar, great location, great atmosphere. Fun fun place to drink some beer and watch the game.
3	Not a bad spot..gotta be a fan of the coop if your gonna enjoy the atmosphere.. took some fans and surprisingly they flipped about it more than I did.. the place can definitely be super busy during events but we went on a monday night and received the best service even though they were still moderately busy.. funny staff very energetic and excellent service drink never went empty.. Now for the food.. creative fun names for the dishes which had the flavor to match..  been here twice and was never let down with the quality.. haven't tried the "big unit" but definitely an eye pleaser and I'm sure a gut buster.If you in town recommended that you stop by even just to heck out the merch.  Great place to take family after a game or out for a fun night.
5	We ate there only because it's Alice Cooper's.  I thought it would be overpriced with lousy food.Since we were just traveling through on vacation, we didn't know there would be a game at the stadium across the street starting an hour after we drove by, fighting game traffic.  Crap, should we just go somewhere else? We really wanted to go there, so we did.  There were even a few people lingering out front, so...The place wasn't overly crowded, we got right in.  The service was FAR above expectations, as was the food.  Good menu and beverage selections.I'd go back in a heartbeat when I'm in Phoenix!  Hats off to Alice (who apparently only shows up every few months, so don't expect to see him serving you your Big Unit :)
5	ok so dad and I went here 1 yr ago and got here after leaving 5 am est arriving 2pm pst but 5 pm est in our bodywhat we got isn't on the menu anymore? just wanna log for the records but we got some time of sampler, it was awesome, and this place is great.
5	Some of the best food I've ever had! Came here last year for spring training with my girlfriend, buddy, and my little brother and it was so fun. We watched the NCAA tourny on all the big screens and their food is so good. My lil bro got those huge hot dogs. Good memories to look back on.
1	I wasn't even going to give one star, but the Mac&Cheese was amazing.As for the staff, my suggestion is to get rid of the entire staff that is presently employed there, and rehire all new people. Start over.You would think that with a name like Alice Cooper behind you, that the team would be amazing and go out of their way to have pride in their establishment and offer a good experience. We went here before a RUSH concert in November, and it was absolutely the worst customer service we have all four ever experienced.... And we are from Tucson, and were so excited to stop for drinks and dinner before our show.The guy waiting on us was very impatient, and very huffy. Complaining about the busyness.  And at the table next to us, their waitress complained to her customers that "she was very busy, and would get them what they needed when she could", while raising her voice about three levels.Horrible experience.
4	Mom and Aunt were in town, my Aunt wanted to come here so on there way back home we all stopped off! Now I had no idea, that my 60 yr old aunt had the intention of ordering the Big Unit! I was shocked!!! Yes, we all had out share of it. But my Aunt Sue was game and actually ate most of it!! I had the Rob Zombie Burger! It was great, cheese burger with guac, salsa, and bacon!! All had a great time, and yes again, we will be back!!
4	Cooperstown is the perfect place to go before a Suns or D-backs game! If you want to beat the crowd and get a table without waiting, then get there about 2 hrs before the game.  Service is pretty fast, it's possible to be in/out in 60 minutes.I'm visiting from Chicago and came to Cooperstown at the suggestion of my mother, who has developed an obsession with Alice Cooper over the past year (not a love-sex obsession, more like - he seems like a nice guy, stand up citizen, does good things for charity, goes to Church, etc).I was admittedly very skeptical about going here - was expecting it to be very campy and mediocre. It is a bit campy (especially with the servers wearing the black makeup under their eyes), but more like you feel you are in his man cave rather than feeling like you are in TGIF's.  I imagine this is what he was forced to do when his wife (who my mom points out was wearing St John at his holiday charity concert... classy, haha!) didn't want all this memorabilia laying around the house any longer :)We had a very friendly, knowledgeable server who was extremely attentive.  It seemed like everyone working here really wanted to be here and liked their job, even when they have to scream "BIG UNIT". That makes any meal in a restaurant better.I had the bbq sampler and it was great.  Huge plate with - hot links (tasty), brisket (ok), smoked turkey (yum), bbq pulled pork (hmmmm), 2 ribs (awesome).  Other dishes enjoyed by our group include the tuna casserole and meatloaf.  This place has great comfort food!
4	Check out my blog review and photos:http://food-tales-and-other-fun.tumblr.com/post/24344649924/
4	Better than expected is my best way to put it. The nachos were ok but not memorable, and the wings were big and solid in flavor. BUT THE BIG UNIT IS BIG DEAL AND UNREAL! 2 feet of dog with chili, cheese and all the fixings! The dog itself was good and really a great item that I have been craving.
1	Gross! I ordered a turkey sandwich. Just awful. The bread was falling apart and hard, the meat tasted terrible, like plain ol' lunch meat. Overpriced and definitely not worth it. Don't waste your time or money!
3	Great sports and rock bar. Food (Bar Food) really good. Great to see all the Alice Cooper Articles, pictures, records etc on the walls. We loved our experience. We had the Unit. Very good but needed tums later that night, lol.  LOVE YAH COOP!!!!!! Wish we saw you during our visit. Will definitely visit again.
1	Don't bother- bad food, non-attentive staff, snobby management. Why bother...... the food is mediocre at best. Zeezs at 2nd Ave and Jackson is superior in every category. I agree with previous reviewers and think that possibly with a new staff and management the place could be salvaged...RUN don't walk from Alice Coopertown!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	If I could give it 3.5 I would, but 4 stars is still ok. Had the Big Unit. The quality of the dog is delicious including the baguette it comes in. For $15 though, its good but give me a little more. The service is pretty good.
4	Really the perfect place to go before any sporting event in the area. We came before going to a Fiesta Bowl party at the Diamondbacks stadium just down the street. There is plenty of parking nearby and usually plenty of room inside or outside to get even a sizable party seats. They have a good selection of microbrews (a trait that is so often overlooked in sports bars), and cool memorabilia all over the walls. There are several large tvs to watch sports on if you don't happen to have tickets to them as well. Every time I've been here the food and servers have been really good. Quick service that is also friendly. The Big Unit, or massive hot dog, is what they're really known for and it's definitely worth giving a shot if you haven't yet. We had the Adam Richman's Loaded version, which was delicious. So often you give up quality for quantity for these types of gimmicks, but not here. It fed 3 of us with a little leftover!
3	This your basic "theme" bar with average bar food. It wasn't bad; it wasn't great. If you're on ANY kind of low-Carb or high-Protein eating plan, forget this place. You'll struggle to find anything on the menu that doesn't add 5 pounds of body weight, and that's before you even walk out the door when you're finished. I wouldn't make this a "must visit" place but if you're in the area, its nice, fun and Ok.
5	Hot diggity dang this place is just of the hook tasty.  The big unit is this huge amazing hot dog, with chili, relish, tomato, jalapenos, and cheese.  Also tried the brownie dessert and oh mylanta....it was orgasmically delicious!
1	Non attentive staff, VERY rude bartender. Left before getting waited on!
5	Man I cannot wait to go back!! The bullet wrap is delicious as is the asian chicken salad and wings! Awesomely fun atmosphere "where rock meets jock" all the novelty of the great Alice Cooper (WE'RE NOT WORTHYY!) alongside ginormous flat screens everywhere, perfect place to enjoy watching a game or bring friends!
4	Purposely ducked in on a non-sports night to avoid a crowd -- and sure enough, only had to contend with fams going to see Disney on Ice. (I kid you not.)Was expecting just run of the mill sports bar fare, which was fine we were visiting from out of town and were willing to do a touristy thing. But pleasantly surprised by the high quality churned out here. Still bar fare, but done with some pride.The wings were big and meaty and not at all greasy. Burgers, sandwiches, pasta, and sides were all one or two notches above average and not too steep either. Pretty good draft selection, although four or five more taps would be welcome. Nice trashy, sassy, sporty vibe. Clean, but with just a little funk.Can only conclude that Vincent really cares about the stuff that has his name on it.
1	Yucky I didn't think the food was very tasteful and it was overpriced.
2	I've driven past this place many times on the way to Suns or D-Backs games.  Every time I passed by, it looked like a fun place to go hang out.  I finally had the opportunity to do so during a conference in downtown Phoenix.  One of the companies at the conference hosted a party here.The party was staged in the patio area as you enter the restaurant.  The company who hosted the party was giving away complimentary Cigars, so I understand why they had it outdoors.  The weather was perfect, so it was a good time of the year to do it.  The place was packed too.  So why the 2 Stars?  Here's why:- They serve Wine out of a liquor gun....yes, they do.  When I went up to the bar on the patio and asked for a glass of Cabernet, the bartender told me "You have to go inside because we don't have the handles with the Wine".....I thought she was kidding and I said, "I'm sorry, I don't think you understand, I asked for a glass of Cabernet.  You don't have any bottles back there?"....that's when she confirmed what I heard and said "No, you heard me right, we serve Wine out of a handle/line and since we're a smaller bar outside you have to go inside to get it".......what the hell?!  The Wine tasted like what you would expect Wine from a tap to taste like...- The restrooms are like gas station restrooms.  They're located out next to the bars on the patio and they are just like gas station restrooms in that they're too small and dirty.  They couldn't handle the crowd of people at the party.- Service is slow.  The line at the bar was 30 people deep for each line (2 lines).  There were only 2 bartenders to service 200+ people.  It took 20+ min to get a drink.- The party felt like a house party in someone's backyard.  Plastic cups, plastic furniture, you had to bus your own table.....there were no buspersons or anyone to clean up.  Bizzaro-world.....Overall, not a good experience.  Maybe if I was a young 20 yr old it would be cool...not now.Return Factor - 5%
3	Came here just for a HH drink.  We had all had lunch & weren't hungry.  I'll come back when I am.  Cute names on the menu for their food items.  I was tempted by a lot it.  The local IPA was perfect.  Santan I believe was the name.  Feel sorry for all the staff who have to paint the black marks under their eyes.
1	Horrible! Avoid at all costs, unless you are a die hard Alice Cooper fan. And if you are there as a fan DON'T eat the food. The food is low grade "pub grub" (frozen food that's been deep fried). Service is slow & totally apathetic.
5	My review is for my experience on 04/26/13.  I was in Phoenix to celebrate my 50th birthday in my birth town and decided to have lunch at Alice Cooper'stown. Overall I had an awesome experience. I like how the women get into the theme, with cutoff denim shorts, black tanks and tees and AC eye makeup. Everyone I encountered was friendly and helpful but I want to make a special shout out to Susie. She took outstanding care of me. I decided to go with the tuna casserole based on her suggestion/recommendation...it was wonderful: creamy, great flavor, not fishy smelling or tasting. Onion rings would have been a great side (hint hint). I wasn't familiar with Kilt Lifter and she gave me a sample with my Hefe. It was so good I had two full glasses. Susie was attentive without being overbearing AND invited me to walk around to check out the memorabilia. Good waitress/bartender she is, she gave me a covered cup of water to keep me hydrated.I especially liked the decor - a combination of music and sports memorabilia with lots of Alice Cooper influence.  The music totally ROCKED.  The restaurant also has a nice selection of tshirts and sweatshirts for sale. Maybe a bit overpriced but hey! they're in business to make money.Here's a tip: go at lunch. I'm sure the dinner crowd is exactly that - a crowd. Next time I'm in Phoenix I'm definitely going back. Thanks Susie for taking care of me!!
2	I like the design of this place. It has a huge outdoor patio area, plus balcony, plus indoor seating. We were seated pretty quickly and our server was fairly prompt with our drinks and order even though it was busy. I ordered the Vanna White veggie wrap which is described as grilled veggies and feta cheese in a wrap. Unfortunately there were no grilled veggies in it! It was filled about 85% with lettuce and raw, red onion. The rest was cold black beans, corn, and zucchini and a very light sprinkle of feta. The fries and coleslaw were good. Ketchup and mustard bottles on the table were on their last leg and basically empty. Bathrooms were very dirty with broken soap dispensers, broken door locks and sanitary bins hanging sideways by one last bolt. I want to like this place more, but it felt like no one cared anymore about general upkeep and food quality. Too bad.
3	it's a touristy spot and i would never have put myself here if it weren't that they helped out with our 5K Glow Run in downtown phoenix. i like their outside patio bar where you can just walk up and get drinks right away without waiting for a server. after the run, we had dinner. despite being uber busy, we were seated within 10 minutes and our server, hectic as he was, kept us hydrated with beers and water. i had the fish and chips, and honestly, they looked like fish sticks you eat as a kid. i was starving so i ate everything on the plate, fries and coleslaw included. overall a decent meal, and cool place if you are a harcore alice cooper fan. not so much a fan of the food, but Mr. Cooper is a pretty good fella to Phoenix.
4	Stiff drinks, good happy hour specials, wide menu selection, excellent downtown location.
4	This place is pretty cool. Went for the first time today since some buddies from work took me down here. I was kinda excited from the beginning but it was even more awesome than I imagined. Great ambience, lots of TV's, wall art, concert posters, sports stuff everywhere, themed waiters. How cool? Not sure how the food is overall because I've only been once but everything looked pretty solid. I ordered the "Big Unit" because that's like the staple thing to get here and that's what my friends told me to get so I did. I knew this thing was big from the beginning but damn, when it comes out you seriously feel like Adam from Man vs Food. This thing is 22 inches of really thick all-beef hot dog on a baguette roll and it is a real task to try and finish. I wasn't able to because I ate too much before, not knowing I would be taking on a food warrior. They ring a bell and everyone yells "Big Unit" as they walk it out. Very fun place, I would definitely return again. Service moderate and prices up there a bit but overall very fun place to go before a game or just if you're downtown at all. Will return eventually and update with more info next time!
2	The food was nothing more than mediocre for the price. Mediocre ribs (on the dry side), ginormous portions, and big prices to match. Tastes like a chain! And you pay for the theme.Can be decent for a gathering of the masses to watch a game, or a large party. Otherwise, I'd pass.
4	A cool place to go for beer and a bite of a hot dog named accordingly the "Big Unit". This place is all about the rocker, Alice Cooper. His face is painted.. all over! Even the bar tenders have his paint on them! His music and the like of metal or rock are playing loudly. It's a cool, happening place to hang before the game. I was impressed to find that they have a pretty big brew selection and even a few gluten free ones for me. That would be a cider for now. But I am learning. The staff was friendly and helpful. We sat at the bar because I like fun places, but my patience of waiting just is not my virtue. My boyfriend got our names on the list and I snuck right in to grab two perfect seats at the bar. I would rather be there anyway, then there is no waiting for adult libations! So the Big Unit arrives.. they ring a bell when you get it. This is serious weiner. No joke. We got it loaded: cheese, chili, queso, comes with jalepenos, onions, all of it on a nice long split bun. The thing is like 20 inches long! I would just say it needed more of the chili and more of the queso. Load it up! Other than that, I loved this place. Good place to pregame, for sure!
3	The ambiance was just okay.  The funnest part was the hooping and hollering when someone ordered that huge hot dog.Service was just okay.  They seemed a bit overwhelmed by our large table of 12.They were not  very helpful with my husbands need for gluten free.  He ended up getting the fajitas with no flour tortillas.  He was not impressed.I ordered the veggie quesadilla.  It was actually strange and a little gross.  Had celery, carrot, mushrooms, squash.  I think it would have been better to just get the quesadilla plain.  The waiter forgot to bring the salsa so I had to ask for it.  The salsa was actually the best part.Don't think I would ever go back.  Plenty of better places to eat downtown.
3	Cooperstown is a great place to hang out before a Diamondbacks game. It's quite large, has a ton of tv's & cold beer, and has a very lively atmosphere.  We ended up here because Legends (Coach & Willies) was way too quiet, stayed for a few beers, and then moved on elsewhere because there wasn't anything appealing on the menu for a vegetarian to munch on. Bottom line - great place to grab a few drinks before the Diamondbacks game but not a lot of food for vegetarians.
3	Fun place to Check out. Great for after games, since it's near where the baseball and basketball teams play. The sausage dog is yummy, but too much bread. Great bloody Mary bar on Sundays. Good place to watch sports. Sometimes they have bands on their outdoor stage....and sometimes Alice visits.
5	We stopped here to eat before we went to the game. The food was EXCELLENT! The service was amazing as well. We had a mushroom burger, wings, sliders & fries. Everything was extremely tasty and the atmosphere was enjoyable and fun.
5	Cold beer good food good music and a cool staff ill defiantly come back!
3	It's a theme restaurant, super touristy, super dead on a Sunday when there isn't any sort of game or event going on.  The staff all have Alice Cooper makeup on, which is a little disconcerting.The food is good bar/party food.  The hot wings are crazy hot, had to take small bites but they were certainly among some of the hottest I've ever had.Prices reasonable, service friendly and prompt, easy parking on a weekend, looks like they place would be a freaking party-house nightmare on a game night.
3	This was my 3rd or 4th visit here.  Seems like the out of town visitors want to see this place.Not bad for a sports bar as I do not like sports bar food.  They do have a large array of different foods.  From appetizers to dinners and desserts.  I liked it as I could order from a low carb menu.I actually thought we were there on a night there was no baseball games as that part of town as very quiet.  But upon leaving saw all the streets blocked off in anticipation of the fans leaving after the game.  This place had always been jumping the other times I went there.  We were able to find street parking on an adjacent street.
5	I love this place our waitress Sara Jane was awesome I will be coming back.
5	No more mr nice guy pasta. Get it, enough said. They also have the big unit (huge hot dog) and good burgers.Food is excellent and quick. Dont come here to drink, but go there to drink and eat.
3	Short Version:      Food - OK     Service - OK     Ambiance -  OKLooks like a three from here.  However; this is a place that everyone should go to at least once!Longer Version:Ok this place is an over the top rock/sports memorabilia bar.  That makes it a fun and exciting place to go to which is good.  On the bad side - the music is way too loud for a diner.  But still it is a cool place to say you have been to.  It is fun to explore the various pictures and props throughout the store and even in the restrooms.  We have been there and have been quickly greeted by a friendly hostess staff.  Servers tend to be knowledgeable, friendly, efficient and ever so adequate at their jobs.  I have nothing bad to say about the service staff but then I have nothing remarkable to say about them either.Now for the reason to dine out: The Food!We have been here more than once and have tried several appetizers and sandwiches.  This is better than standard bar food.  It is somewhere between good and great.  A 3.5 if you will.  I doubt that you could go wrong with any of the appetizers or sandwiches.  The prices are very reasonable.  A lot of people go here for the loaded bases big unit.  Now I have to say that they make a to do about delivering a loaded bases - this is fun!  This 2 foot long hot dog is an excellent hot dog and the toppings are delicious.  I would suggest that anyone in town for a while try the big unit at least once.  It is so big that it can serve for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow.  Plus it makes for a good story latter.  If you get it ask to have the toppings on the side that way you only put one those that you want.  I don't like sauerkraut, jalapenos, or relish on my dogs but M & J do so I give those toppings to them.  I also eat the chili as a small side.  I want to give this place 4 for the food but the food is just shy of a 4.  The ambiance and service is middle of the road 3 so in the end this is a high 3 place with a recommendation that it is a must see experience!Oh one more thing parking is not easy.
3	It was okay. We stopped in on a Thursday on the way through Phoenix, and there were only a few people inside. It's actually a sports bar, with dishes named after various sports figures, with some Alice Cooper stuff mixed in. Someone told me this was supposed to be the best hot dog on the west coast (it was on some show?), so we got it-- the 22 inch "Big Unit." It was just okay-- a lightly grilled hot dog, just warm-- I split it with my husband. It was $16.99. You can get it with all the fixings but we got it with relish and onions. Nothing special.  I also got a dinner salad (mostly iceberg with rings of red onion, standard). Two of my kids had the ribs, which they said were dry and just okay. My other kid had the kids' chicken fingers, which came with 2 or 3 fingers and some fries. The service was good. Overall, if you're passing through, I honestly wouldn't make a special trip here unless you are a huge Alice Cooper fan.
5	Oh yum! We had a great time at this restaurant and the food was wonderful. I would have liked bigger portions, but the food was really good. I would go there again.
5	Ok I know my review is a bit late but oh well :) . I came in here when I visited Arizona when the LA Dodgers played the Diamondbacks back in April of this year. This place was cool! I had the big unit and it was soo delicious! I would definitely recommned this place.
3	If you are a football fan this is the place to be. There are more TVs than you can watch and they play all the games at the same time. They don't have the best drink specials, but they do have a "Big Unit" hot dog that is almost 2 feet long. BOOM!The dudes wear make-up like Alice Cooper and the outdoor patio is nice when the weather cools off. Solid 3.
1	First time here and from out of state, so of course we saw it on man vs food and wanted to check it out. Place is pretty cool as far as decoration but the food was awful. We had barbecue, nachos, hot wings, and the chipotle pasta (with cut up hot dog in it). Worst barbecue ever. Seemed like it was made a week ago and microwaved. Nice place to have a drink and watch a game, but avoid the food.
2	Only reason this place even gets two stars is because the food was pretty good (Cuban sandwich, sun devil club and chipotle chicken pasta were sampled by our party and all were enjoyed) and there is some really cool music and sports memorabilia .  Had the food been terrible, I would have gone zero.  The service was abysmal.  We waited 35 mins for our food and not once did the waiter swing by to check on our drinks or update us on our food time.  I was in town for a D'backs game and expected a more efficient operation. There are better options nearby...pass
3	Hoh. How I miss the beloved bacon, egg and cheese from NYC. It's a delicate balance that's hard to explain to someone that hasn't eaten one. Some prefer their sandwich on a bagel, others on a croissant. In my last years of Manhattan life I leaned towards toast. So when my eyes feasted on a menu item called "The Patriot" I paused.Crispy Bacon? Ok!Fried Egg? Ok!Melted CHEESE? OK!ON TOAST? Alright! Let's try that!I was hopeful but figured "Meh". I was at a sports bar after all on a Sunday. At worst bacon was involved. Out came a heavenly surprise of gooeyness that pleased my palate. I almost wished I had a hangover to test this puppy out. (Bacon, egg and cheese had in my city living rescued me more than a few times.) But, no. I highly recommend this breakfast delight. AND it's beyond reasonably priced! ($4.99)I visited this bar/restaurant with a group of eight to watch football on a Sunday. There were quite a number of televisions. (In fact, I hadn't realized there were TVs above me.). It's also a really neat place if you're a fan of, obviously, Alice Cooper. The memorabilia covers almost every inch of the walls. I'd recommend enough time to peruse.   Although the food was far beyond what I expected I can't grant more stars. Our service was not ideal. It was rather difficult to obtain any service. (At one point we were flagging down our server as though we were waiving in an airplane.) We did have a reprieve when a gentlemen stepped in who was quite knowledgeable about cocktails. I wish *he* had been our server.I found it strange given that the restaurant wasn't crowded at 10:30am (yet). Had there been a packed joint - sure - I get it. Also, our table wasn't bussed unless we would ask for plates to be taken away. (And some plates were left to die. Perhaps to compost. We never asked for those to be picked up soooo....) When people order coffee bring them creamer. (Or ask if they want some.) Another example of a service gap: If one person places a food order it would be nice, just as a suggestion, to ask the rest of the table if they're interested in placing a food order. There was one other TERRIBLE thing worth noting. As such, I've left this at the end of the review. PARKING.  The following is just an FYI. The lot out back is NOT owned by the restaurant. (I inquired on the way out.) I think this is important however as there's no differentiation to a consumer when you arrive to the restaurant. My experience parking was so heinous I filled a BBB complaint. (Yeah, *that* bad.) And I devoted a Yelp review to it as well (here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/arena-park-place-l-p-phoenix#hrid:yi7CY8WilX73OYj7Tl6YjQ) If I had a choice I wouldn't park here. But it is right behind the restaurant. Just be aware of potential customer service issues.
4	Rock N Roll atmosphere: CheckLot's of TV's for watching sports: CheckBeer: CheckOne pound, 22 inch long hot dog: Say whaaaa? Oh yeah, Cooper'stown, named after legendary rocker Alice Cooper, is Home of the Big Unit (one pound, 22 inch long hot dog). I didn't try it on this visit, but will definitely be back to take on this hefty hot dog another day. This is a great place to watch some sports, grab a bite to eat and have some beers with friends. I tried the Johnny Beef Depp (French Dip). Not bad at all. Actually it was better than I thought it would be. I got fries and cole slaw with it. The fries were good but I wasn't crazy about the slaw. The atmosphere definitely won me over most of all. I liked the old brick building with the iron gates and big open patio. And inside, no matter which way you turn there was a tv, so it was great for watching football.   Overall, it's a cool place. Especially if you like big wieners.
2	I have been lucky to get really good service at most locations I dine at...That's why people call me Lucky (they don't). So when I get bad service, a generally OK experience becomes anything but OK. Lets buy a ticket and check out Alice Cooper'stown.~Fud/Drink~General....bar....fare. That makes it really simple for everyone. Now they have some interesting food options, yes, but there is nothing special. Why elaborate further? Alice's joint only offers greasy fried food options, with little time put into the preparing of said items.  For a football event I went to, they were offering breakfast. I ordered a cheese/egg quesadilla which was "edible". Filled with grease, I had second thoughts after ordering it, but was hungry. Meh. Of the two stand out items on their menu, the 22 inch hotdog named "The Big Unit" is a big hit. Its big, yes....but that's where it ends. You pay $17+ for a big hotdog guys...its really nothing much to write home about. Why pay that?? If going to the Dbacks game, why not get one or two $1 dogs at Chase? Just saying... I must say the other item on the menu that stood out was the catcher's mitt brownie. For $4.99 you get a HUGE warm brownie plus a scoop of ice cream, everyone at the table was impressed. As for drinks, they really are just overpriced. I know they have rent, I get it. But seriously, $6.50 for a draft that isn't close to a pint? Horrible pricing decision. I would've had an extra beer but this turned me off immediately. Nothing else to say, just too expensive for what you are getting!~Atmosphere/Service~Atmosphere is OK, it could be so much better. The inside is fun on the surface, and they have some cool memorabilia hanging up..it is nice to see what Alice put out for us to view. But overall the bar is there for large groups to gather and talk, no extra fluff. When each Big Unit comes out, an obnoxiously loud ringing bell sounds and the bar staff yells out a chant. After a good 30+ rings, I was saved by the bell when my football game ended. As for service, we were the first table to be sat, and had anywhere between 3-8 people at given times. Service was consistently slow, despite the fact the bar was at about 1/2 capacity for most of the day. I had to flag down our waitress a couple times to get service, and remember that brownie I talked about earlier? Well, it sat on our table for 2 hours after being finished. It was still on the table when I had began leaving. So, service was bad. Really hitting the nail on the head, there was no reason why we shouldn't have been waited on more, especially since we had the largest group in the joint that day. Poor service..meh.~Extras/Rating~Overall, its not the best option for grabbing a drink and bite before games downtown. I have made suggestions for other locations, and those suggestions stand. They get 2 stars for location and a nice array of TV's for game day. They lose 3 stars for poor service, poor price for quality, and underwhelming ambiance. They can do SO MUCH BETTER...And until they change things, you can do so much better as well.
4	Meet a friend from Washington DC recently at Alice Cooper'stown and had lunch.   It was a real treat.    We ordered the "Big Unit" a 20" long hotdog.    Probably one of the best hotdogs I have ever eaten.      Also had a platter of various snacks and finished it off with a baseball mitt size brownie topped with ice cream and whipped cream.   I was very surprised with the food.     I found it to be great and look forward to the next time pack.     Great place to kick back enjoy a beer and  the environment.    Great wait staff.
1	When my wife told me about some of her students in a music competition that was being held here - I was excited. I have never been, and besides it has to be cool right?Wrong.These kids played their heart out - tremendous talent. It was great, honestly refreshing - most of the bands were better than anything they play on the radio.The venue - you know a place created by a musician? A place that has rock & roll memorabilia all over the walls - a restaurant supposed to celebrate music?Complete and total let down. Alice Cooper, you should be ashamed.The venue didn't even bother to take the time to set up tables and chairs for the parents, teachers, and sponsor supporting them.There was basically zero wait staff.At least half the tables in the outdoor area (where the stage was set-up) were high-tops - which would have been fine - if there were chairs to go with them.Instead everyone was sitting in those El' Cheapo $5 green plastic lawn chairs. This not only was uncomfortable, but it negated the entire usefulness of the high top tables. At least 4 times during the 2 hours I head the phrase "Please tip well" and "Please make sure you tip the wait staff well."There was NO wait service - at all. You had to walk up to the counter and order. They had one poor employee trying to pick up all the empty cups/trash from a decent sized group of people.I would rather give my "tip" money to the kids to buy more drum sticks guitar strings than give to a place that could care less about providing a comfortable place to watch talented kids play great music. Why would I tip people who did nothing to provide their services (you know...food?)They had the top balcony section closed - I do not know why - our group would have loved to sit up there and hear the kids. But I guess when you have a whopping two or three tables to wait on inside (not related to the event, the place was a ghost town except for the people there to see the kids) it would be too much trouble to go up some stairs.If they actually cared - and had staff there to support the event (3-4 waiters/waitresses would have been sufficient) they could have made some really good money off food sales.I certainly hope that in the future they secure somewhere that cares enough to at least properly set up the area for people to attend/sit. Heaven forbid the place actually function like a restaurant should and try to serve food/beverage.It is a shame the rest of the competition is being held there. The kids deserve so much better.
5	Alice Cooperstown was Great!  Sports theme along with a musician's twist,  Great!!  The sports vibe was fantastic!  Everywhere you look big screens with the game on.  Platinum and Gold records on the walls!  A very festive atmosphere!  The food was very good!  We had the bases loaded Big Unit.  Worth the $!  Very Big, the dog gone thing was Huge!!  The fries were fresh and crispy.  Bottom line, stop here and ENJOY!!!!!
5	the best of everything food and atmosphere, nothing like it.
3	I was sort of expecting more from this. The food is decidedly average sports bar food, not really anything special. Plus, the side dishes are weird. Mandarin Oranges and apple slices don't really belong next to a burger, in my opinion. Still, it was a good enough meal, the waitress was super friendly and I highly recommend the Michael Buble drink, just drink with caution, it's strong!
4	Great place, good food
3	The good wasn't spectacular, my party shared the big unit hot dog. They really need to put a lot more chili on it. We had the jalapeno coins appetizer, they were delicious. The place was slightly run down. But overall, we had a good time.
3	Place was alright..food was good, service was good..couldn't get the hockey game on I wanted but I guess they are more for suns or d-bcks. I'd probably come back again..
4	A friend and I walked through downtown Phoenix, heading down Jackson Street.  A few blocks off the usual beaten path, surroundings became a bit dodgy and my friend suggested we turn back. We noticed a cool old building that had a painting of Alice Cooper on its side ... we figured "what the heck" and went in.The industrial surroundings were bedecked with large screen televisions. The staff was incredibly welcoming and helpful. Photos and posters featuring many rock musicians were on the walls - some were autographed. The music from the large bar area made me think of crazy days - lots of Twisted Sister, Queen and, of course, Alice Cooper. Our fellow diners ranged from red-state tourists to people fresh from hair band rehearsals - it was a great mix for people watching.Someone at the next table recommended both the meatloaf and the ribs - we got an order of each. The meatloaf was juicy and spicy, specked with veggies and with a cripsy top. The ribs were tender and tangy - cooked St Louis style. The mashed potatoes included the skins and the veggies were buttery and crisp.Until we chanced upon Cooperstown, I was convinced there wasn't any good food in downtown Phoenix. The next time I'm in town, I know where I'll head first and often.
3	Not bad. Not great. But its ok. Great spot for Suns or D-backs game though.There aren't many options downtown, so you could do worse. I like the big screen TVs they have.  The chicken chipotle pasta was good.
5	This is a sports bar owned by "legendary" native Alice Cooper. They are now known for the "Big Unit" ginormous hot dog. It's good and fun for what it is. The staff is always pleasant, even with their painted eyes. The food is what it is, good and nothing fancy. It is just a fun place to take people or hang out when you need to be downtown.
4	I heard about this restaurant from my father in law as a must try. I was lucky enough to have the opportunity to stop here on the way out of town and grab a bite with the family.We ordered potato skins to start, the Big Unit Hot Dog, Pulled Pork Sandwich, and Beef Brisket. The potato skins were better than what I've had at chain restaurants. The bacon on them is the same as the hot dogs so at least there's an effort to make it less processed. They're served with Ranch (I'm used to sour cream) which made it interesting but enjoyable. The Big Unit Hot Dog ($16.99) is enough for two. I ate 3/4 of it before my flight, my wife had the difference. This is definitely one of those items you want to order to egg on your buddies to order and try out, giving them the bode of confidence that they'll finish, well knowing they'll pay for it later. I tried to walk it off but eventually fell victim to the meat coma. The dog tastes like most dogs, a little spicy flare to it but not unbearable for those who do not like heat. What really makes this hot dog in my opinion is the bread. It's what you would expect from a baguette, hard outside and soft inside. Even with the toppings I added (bacon, cheese sauce and sauerkraut) the bun held up. The restaurant is full of TVs, perfect for catching a few games. It's no short on entertainment. The plus on service was that our server was very conscientious of the short time line we were on. The opportunity that could have been gained was asking for refills for beverages, which came at the end. They did stop by to see how the meal was after all of us had a few bites. This is definitely a fun place for those of drinking age, I wouldn't recommend bringing a kiddo regardless of time of year. There's just too much going on to get them to eat. Get the Big Unit though, it makes it a fun stop regardless the occasion!
1	Let me start by saying we've been here befor and had good experiences but this was the Worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant, I was told the wait was 35 to 40 min... an hour later I asked when we would be sat and I was greeted with three girls and nothing but attitude. When I asked why people who came in after us were served I was told that they were either "friends" or investors.  20 min later I approached them again noticing that nearly everyone that came in after me had been sat. I was told that they called us which was a blatant lie because where we were waiting the intercom was so loud it made my granddaughter scared every time they used it. Come to find out when we asked the first time how long the wait would be they put a mark next to our name which made them believe they called our name when they had not...genius!  When they figured out their mistake all I teceived was attitude and NO apology. So we asked to see the manager, it's been an hour and a half by now...we have no choice but to wait because this is the only place near by. We finally get a table and the waitress is a doll, she is great! They send up the manager...lo and behold it's the bartender NOT the manager...This place is one giant joke. The food was dry and the employees horrible!
5	The food is awesome, the atmosphere is super and the wait staff is pretty friendly. I had the big unit hot dog and it was quite tasty but I could not finish it. The food was quite good as was the place itself with the decor was pretty cool. The music was rock as expected and basically this is a better version of Hard Rock Cafe.
4	Been wanting to see Cooper'stown since we hit Phoenix for a conference. We got to go on the last night and it was worth the wait. From the classic rock & roll decor to the "Big Unit," everything was just as impressive.Although I didn't order the Big Unit like I thought I would (I can't see spending twenty bucks on a hot dog - no matter how big it is), I did see one go by to another table. SO glad I didn't get it. It would've been wasted on me. The green chile burrito I did get was outstanding! Lots of tender pork meat and just the right amount of spice wrapped up in a big flour tortilla. Very, very good. Service was a little slow, especially after we were served, but everyone was very friendly and quick to offer great advice on what to order. I'll be ready to go back the next time we happen to be in Phoenix.
2	Too many restaurant gaffes in one night. Forgotten drinks, dry fish, cold tacos that needed to be reheated, lemons instead of limes, that sort of thing. Meh.
3	Decent food.  Came more for the atmosphere and to yell "big unit" every time someones orders one of their giant hotdogs.
4	Can't go wrong at Cooper'stown.    Lots of beer, live music from time to time, the Adam Richmond's Bases Loaded Big Unit is a winner, and anytime there is any sort of event going on down town, this place has limitless scenery.  Enjoy...
4	Had to try this place out...how can you go wrong with a big hot dog and Alice Cooper. Really cool stuff inside, nice layout. Drinks were weak and food was just ok. The price/value was good. If you are in town, check it out and have a beer. Service was very good. Waiter saw us taking pictures and offered to take ours.
4	I came here for one reason only and it was for the Man vs Food Bases Loaded Big Unit hot dog and all its toppings. Who won this battle ?  Of course, food did !!!!  They also have a Big Unit as well with no toppings .  Perhaps next time i'm in town for a game i'll attack this one.  I also love how they ring the bell when your order comes out and the staff yells BIG UNIT !!!  ( Big Unit being named after former DBacks pitcher Randy Johnson ) .If your in town for Spring Training, do make a stop here and do the challenge !!!  You'll either take down The Big Unit, or you'll take him down !!!
5	Drove through Phoenix during our trip to Sedona and stopped by this place. Thankfully, there wasn't a Suns or Diamondbacks game as we quickly realized this restaurant was directly across US Airways arena.Told the waitress we were from out-of-town and she told us about the history of the restaurant, including its affiliation with Alice Cooper and local legends such as Randy Johnson.Speaking of Randy Johnson, I shared "The Big Unit", a 22-inch hot dog good enough for 2 adults. Only bad part is that it gave me food coma for the rest of the drive!
2	Ok before you read any further you must know that I am not an Alice Cooper fan. So that taints my view of the restaurant. That being said the food was below average. The club sandwich was dry and lacked flavor. The restaurant was also really large and seemed cluttered (probably due to all the memorabilia), and surprisingly full for lunch today (Thursday). So I may be the only one with this opinion.
2	I'm not an Alice Cooper fan, but was brought to Alice cooper'stown by a group of coworkers.  We were greeted by a host who was definitely dressed the part, as were all the waitresses.  The restaurant is fairly dark and dingy inside despite the lovely Phoenix sun that could be shining in from the outdoors.   The service was really slow, and it took a long time between when we ordered and when the food arrived.  I chose the fish tacos, and the fish was overly deep fried, and tasted a but like everything that had been in the fryer.  I didn't really enjoy them at all.A few people at my table got the brisket, and comments were made about how dry it was, and how it lacked flavour that should be expected of brisket.Is restaurant seems like it is really gimmicky, however, I'm sure Alice Cooper fans probably appreciate it!
5	You can get anything you want, at Alice's restaurant....Had out of town guests and we went there on a weekday. Arrived just as they opened at 11 and were immediately greeted by hostess and seated. Loved the "decor" and spent several minutes (well, actually quite a while) checking it out. Yeah, it's similar style to the Hard Rock Cafe, but that's to be expected. As for the food, well it was plentiful, delicious and fair priced. I had Cooper's Turkey Sliders and they were awesome. I really liked everything about the place and despite the 30 min drive will be back often (esp when we have visitors or go to the Sky Harbor). Location is perfect for before or after a Diamondback or Suns game. Awesome classic rock playing made it even better!One suggestion: this place would be even more fun if the staff looked like they enjoyed their jobs. Not a lot of smiles or friendly small talk.
5	Alice Cooper'stown is a "must go" when your in downtown Phoenix. Owned by rockstar legend Alice Cooper himself, this high level atmosphere restraunt indeed makes you want to rockout.The menu offers a tasty variety of meals, even vegitarians are not forgotten here.Up for a challenge?? Try the Big Unit Hot Dog!! Or the Rob Zombie burger that will change your life and never look at burgers the same again.This is also a great location to go eat before a Arizona D-Backs game or Phoenix Suns game.Services is excellent and the bar is really nice with TV's all around you throughout the restraunt.Around the restraunt, the memorabilia will take you back in time as you will see signed posters, photos, musical equipement, famous sport athletes.Don't miss out on this experience! GO!
2	This was my first visit here and I have to say, I wasn't very impressed at all with the food or the service.  My husband and I and a few other people decided to stop in for food and drinks before the Tool concert but I think everyone else had the same idea and they were pretty busy, the wait was too long so we just decided to order straight from the bar and get our food and drinks to go.  To start with, there were only 2 bartenders behind the bar and like I said, it was super busy.  My husband had to pretty much push his way  up to the bar.  He had to wait about 5 minutes to place our order (he got a vanilla vodka screwdriver, a water for me, my daughter and I got the John O' Hurley Buffalo Chicken Wrap, and my husband ordered the Johnny Beef Depp) which wasn't too bad, but then the bartender just took off before my husband could even ask how we were suppose to know when our food was ready.  She ignored us and talked over my husband to other people.  Finally, when she did come back over, she was rude and said "just stand over there, I will yell at you when your stuffs ready." and pointed randomly over to the side.  My husband then asked her if she wanted his name and she responded rudely again, "we don't have that information." But his name was on the receipt... ??  Ok then.So, we just waited off to the side and in the meantime got yelled at by a waitress and a bus boy that we were in the way.  The bus boy actually took the time to rudely show us a line in the concrete floor that we needed to stand behind, when we were standing where we were told to by the bartender.  Finally after about 20 mins our food was ready and the waitress yelled very loudly while pointing at us, "Hey you!! come get your food!!"  So my husband went over to get it and she had two different orders sitting there and she basically shoved one of the bags at him and said, "is this yours...yeah I think this is yours."  Then our friend that was with us, who ordered before us had to ask her if the other order was his and she shoved it him and said, "I think this one is yours." and walks away. He had to actually open up his bag and check to make sure that order was his.  She didn't even check the orders before shoving them at us!  Granted the bar was getting crushed with people and they were understaffed so I understand that, but being rude doesn't equate to return customers.We ended up sitting outside at one of the picnic tables to eat.  My buffalo chicken wrap was minus the buffalo!! It was just a plain old crispy chicken wrap with ranch, way too much lettuce, a few diced tomatoes, and some cheese (I think in maybe 2 bites I had).  My wrap wasn't even hot.  It came with 2 sides....I chose fries and apple slices.  The fries were o.k. really had no seasoning on them and the apple slices were just the basic bagged apples, one of them was actually kinda soggy.  My daughters order was exactly the same as mine.  It was o.k. nothing impressive.  My husband said his sandwich was  made with good quality beef but without the au jus it would have been dry.  He said it was actually pretty good.  My husband thought the fries were good.  His screwdriver was VERY strong, which I would believe it to be a result of over pouring, but the bartender said when she handed it to him that she made it very strong on purpose because he was patient.  I know Alice Cooper is a huge sports nut so the ambiance is geared more towards that with T.V.'s all over the place, very little music related decor, kinda just comes across as a typical sports bar.  I really don't think I will go back in the future due to our food and service being bad.
5	The atmosphere here is just so cool. Even if you don't like Alice cooper the rock and roll feel is all around. The staff wears Alice cooper-esque outfits and even the makeup! This is a huge restaurant and there was plenty of room to sit, mind you there wasn't a game on when we went. My friend and I both had the Marge Simpson Mac and cheese, it was heavenly. They put some tiny pieces of potato chips on top and it's just excellent.The service was quick and friendly. I really enjoyed my time here. It's a great restaurant for families, couples or singles and looks like it would be a decent bar in the evenings. Sort of reminds me of the Hard Rock Cafe, but I like this place better.
4	I had the "Carson Palmer" green chili buro it was awesome. The meat was tender and could've eaten with out teeth, flavor was robust and cheesy, yummy! The service was super friendly and loved the music that was playing. It was like they hacked my I-pod. The only reason for 4 stars is the place could use some updating otherwise it would've been 5.
4	I recently visited this place after going to a DBacks game with some of my friends. At first, I was reminded of the Hard Rock Cafe in Florida, but eventually I began to notice some similarities between Alice Cooper and my grandmother, because Alice Cooper'stown is much like that of an eccentric old woman's, it is cluttered from years of hoarding petty and useless things. The only difference is that instead of having numerous pictures of family and cats covering the walls, there are numerous pictures of Alice Cooper doing Alex Cooper things, like pretending a guitar is a baseball bat and scowling at a camera like a rebellious teenager while dressed as Baron Samedi. However, despite the similarities to grandma's house, this is the go to bar when it comes to celebrating a D-Backs win. While many Phonecians get a lot of flack for their lack of support of the team, you wouldn't know it if you visited this place after a game. I am not normally a big fan of places like these, mainly due to the noise, which is mainly due to the fact that when I go out to eat, I tend to try to enjoy the food and the atmosphere, and have a conversation with a friend, however, for the purposes of going to a bar to celebrate with others, this was perfect. Why the 4 stars then? It was way too gimmicky for food that wasn't special as a whole or for the price. For instance, they have a Mike  Myers Yeah Baby which is a disgusting sandwich with cheap cuts of meat for 17 dollars, and a Magic Johnson mushroom and swiss burger for 11 dollars. I had the big unit burger and the mac and cheese, both of which were above average for their taste, but were exorbitantly high priced. I could have gotten 3 hot dogs at the stadium for the price of the big unit alone! Overall though, this place is worth a visit for the fun and novelty of doing so. I had a lot of fun here. Despite the place reminding me of my grandma's house.
4	Great grub spot for before a game.  The sports crowd is obviously their bread and butter so they are mindful of taking your order, getting you your food and check quickly so that you're not late.  We tried the BBQ and it was pretty good for a generalist kind of place.  The menu is quite extensive so it's sure to have something for everyone.
5	Great place to stop in and eat. Very casual and relaxed and I think you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The Phil Mickelson sandwich was great.
5	I've been here twice so I'll review both.  The first time there was a Tool concert at US Airways that night so this place was packed.  (Is Tool in a similar music genre to Alice Cooper?  I don't know.  Anyway...)  the wait for a table was long, but luckily bar outside served food and the line moved faster than I thought it would.  We ordered the Wildcat sampler and it was delish.  Their fries are and potato skins are crispy and flavorful.  Also, their prices are not bad.Our second visit was on a Friday night.  Wasn't too busy, which made me happy.  Plus, our waitress was attentive and friendly.  The Mac and cheese was more like a penne with Alfredo sauce, but whatevs.  The food is all around satisfying and I'm definitely making Alice Cooperstown a regular place on my list.
2	Stopped in here before the afternoon Mets v Diamondbacks game, as it is just a couple of short blocks to the stadium.They opened up promptly at 11:00am.It's Alice Coopers take on The Hard Rock Cafe/ESPN Zone.Lots of Alice Cooper memorabilia on the walls, with some other bands mixed in and a few sports items as well.Drinks (Heineken and Hennesy & Coke) were cold and strong.The food....Meh....Had an order of 10 chicken wings with the sauce on the side. Way too much batter on the wings. You had to battle trough  a huge layer of crisp batter to get to a chicken wing of bone dry meat.The Big Unit with fries (sauerkraut and grilled onion extra) was huge and meaty. However, the roll was extremely dry (stale?) and was soon discarded as I used a knife and fork for the humongous hot dog. The fries that came along with it were good too..
5	I am sure someday I will have a bad experience at this legendary Sports Bar, but not tonight.  I have made it a habit to come to Cooperstown prior to ball games and concerts for over 15 years. I anticipate keeping that tradition for years to come.So many of the sports themed bars and restaurants in this area are lost to the culinary Sonoran graveyard.  Alice Cooperstown still stands for a reason.  The staff is friendly and fun loving, the menu diverse and in unison with the rocking roll and sports themed decor. I usually get the BBQ sampler or the incredibly stacked nachos, but tonight I went for the simplicity of the Tom Brady Burger.  It was "Spot On." The bacon was crisp and plentiful and the burger itself was perfectly cooked with a smoky charbroiled taste.  The fries were fresh, crisp and spiced perfectly. I opted for two Kiltlifter beers, from local microbrew Four Peaks Brewery.The beer was available on draft served in nicely chilled her glass. Giant screen television monitors are strategically placed throughout the cavernous restaurant so every seat can view the game or games. The only negative remark actually is as a result of their popularity:  You may have to wait a while on big game or concert nights, plan for that contingency arrive early and enjoy the fun. "UNIT!"
4	The staff was friendly. The environment was friendly and casual. The music memorabilia was fun to look at.The food was okay, not great, a little pricy for what it was, but I guess Alice has to eat. The worst part of the experience was the inexplicable raucous celebration every time someone ordered the huge hotdog which was possibly the least attractive menu item.
2	The food was really unimpressive, especially for the prices. The Michael Bible cocktail was pretty good.
1	Fast good quality ingredients with restaurant prices. Typical selection of beers and drinks. The food here deserves a no stars but the the atmosphere is deserving of the star. I order the Cuban Sandwich which came with a choice of two sides. I choose the fries and the Nightmare Chili. The sandwich was definitely not what I was expecting... I almost want to say they have me the wrong food, but I am not willing to go back to check it out.The sandwich was much more like a grilled chicken sandwich with poor quality lettuce and tomato. It was  an extremely disappointing dining experience. The sides weren't bad but were also very small portions.  The beer was served in a plastic cup which is not ideal for any situation that isn't poolside.The atmosphere was the most interesting part of coming here. It is a shame that Alice Cooper would let his restaurant stoop this low. This is definitely a busy model focused around profits and not quality or satisfaction. This restaurant would never survive without its namesake.
3	Went to see Billy Joel last night and wanted to have dinner first. The atmosphere is great. The food is good, nothing special. It's worth it for the money. Don't expect anything special. It's just a fun place with great sports on all the TV's.
5	Me and my family have lived in Arizona for the past 4 years. We always talked about going to Alice Cooperstown but never got the chance...until tonight!! It was pretty darn cool, the servers and all the employees were very nice and the food was great. The "Rob Zombie" burger is my favorite, OMG that is the BEST burger I have ever had in my life :)
1	Was there for dinner there tonight 6/5/14. I was staying just a few blocks away and needed quick dinner so went to Cooperstown.  Had burgers there in the past and was very happy.  The Following is a quote from their menu, word for word:""Rusty Wallace" St Louis Ribs.  St. Louis cut pork ribs smothered in dry rub and slow smoked to perfection, then lightly sauced with Cattlemen's BBQ sauce, and flashed on the flame broiler."I was hungry and came in about 20 minutes before close and was waited on by Matt.  I ordered ice tea and asked Matt if the ribs had been cooked recent or a long time ago and reheated.  And told him that if it was the latter that I wouldn't be having them.  He said he would ask the chef, came back and proceeded to say "the bartender had them and said they were good".  Hmmmm, that wasn't what I asked, but noted his answer in my mind and proceeded to order......Yes the ribs with two sides.The food comes and it was exactly what I was afraid of, Ribs that had been boiled, then cooked in a oven and braised in marginal bbq sauce.  I ate them and it filled my stomach.  When he came by with the check, he asked "so how were the ribs".  I made him go get a menu and read the above quote. And then nicely without being a jerk told him that the establishment was falsely advertising the ribs.  I explained that I have smoked all meats in a wood fired barrel smoker for over 20 years and I would welcome the opportunity to go in the back and see where the ribs were slow smoked, if what I was saying was wrong.  I also explained that I had been out of tea for 10 minutes and I was a big boy and could handle the truth of how old the ribs were.  He then said that he didn't know how old they were.  Then without apologizing, asked how I was going to pay?  Really?????The check was $20.45, and Matt got NO tip.  I had breakfast yesterday at a very popular, very busy establishment...No Relation....Matts BB, Great service and added a $5 tip to a $13 bill...no I'm not a cheapskate.I would welcome a management response to the ribs and the service!!!!!!Sean Gast
4	At first I was a little thrown by this place and thought, "Maybe I'm just coming for the name?" because the wait was longer than we were told. But the staff was so friendly, the food (oh my gosh the cheese fries! the veggie wrap!) was amazing and our waitress, Bailey, was so attentive, friendly, and informative when we had questions. My friend wasn't as impressed with his food, but he's a super picky guy and I think he went in there already deciding that he wasn't going to be happy. I will be back, but I will go back with the expectation that I'll wait a little longer than anticipated.
2	22" wiener, $27, meh. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=4ZfcCa4m5RWvO4EFzfYm1AI know it's unfair but I have to compare all hot dogs to what you can get at Costco for $1.50. And in this case, I would have happily forwent the baguette, chili, bacon, cheese, kraut, etc. etc., for a dozen Costco dogs and Polish dogs. Here, the massively long and narrow wiener was overcooked to the point where the skin was starting to crinkle and pull away from the meat (that's what she said? Ew). Add too many par toppings and you have an overpriced novelty dog at an equally novel bar-type thing. Fun if you're an Alice Cooper fan or need a bar to get sloshed and watch games at. But this review is just for the dog.
2	I have actually been here at least 4 times.  First time I actually checked in on Yelp.This is just a noisy sports bar.  Average food.  some lunch specials.  There are some cool things to see of Alice's if youare a rock fan.  But otherwise , meh, I've experienced better.  Truth be told I was disappointed each time I visited - not sure why I keep going back.
2	Disappointing  obviously has not been maintained (upgraded) since it opened in 1998Understaffed for game day Food was cold an service was slowLast time here
1	This place sucks, no other reason to come here cept maybe for at t shirt other than that not worth a trip here, did I say it sucked?
2	Went here while in PHX on business with a friend who lives locally.  Thought it would be a good place to have some dinner since i love BBQ.  No such luck.  Nothing seemed like real BBq  just over cooked and tasteless.  Very Chain resturant-y,  Cool memorabilia abut that's about it.  They only give a small cup of BBQ sauce for your meal.  I don't reccommend.
4	Cooperstown Sports Grill Does NOT disappoint! Cooperstown offers an incredible selection of beers, good food and excellent service.  The prices are reasonable, and the servers are outstanding.  Cooperstown Sports Grill is big, filled with large screens televisions. The walls are covered in vintage guitars signed by every rock star and rare sports collectibles signed by past & present icons. The food entrees have celebrity names, like the Bill O'reilly BBQ sandwiches, Kurt Warner corned beef,  AZ Cardinals Country BBQ chicken salad, or my favorite the "Jeff"  grilled chicken salad.  I would put the grilled chicken salad up against anybody (including Durant's or even Arrogant Butcher).So if you find yourself in downtown Phoenix give Cooperstown Sports Grill a try, it does not disappoint
5	What a great environment! The place is full of energy. The big unit was a group pleaser! Our waitress, Kayla was amazing! Thank you for the great experience !
4	Recommendation:  Skip to dessert.  Get the brownie sundae!  It is massive and can be shared if you really have too.  The wait can be long when there are multiple  events going on downtown.  Get here two hours before your event and you should be fine.Food is pretty good.  The menu has a nice variety of choices from appetizers to salads to soups to BBQ to sandwiches and much more.Since it is a large place the noise level does get high when crowded.
4	Haven't been here in awhile. They changed some things like the bread and they skimp ed out on mushrooms and cheese on the shroom burger. Still tasted good, love the ambiance,  and the music they play
1	Huge disappointment! What a waste of money! First of all, the waitress seemed personally insulted that our group of four just ordered waters and gave up even pretending to be friendly at that point.Second of all, the food was absolutely not worth the money. We ordered their signature hot dog, the hamburger sliders and cheese fries. The hot dog bun was dry, the sliders tasted exactly like McDonalds' hamburgers (which are okay but not for that price) and the cheese fries were the worst any of us had ever eaten. Imagine getting the cheapest cheese (most likely it wasn't even real cheese but just the stuff out of a spray can) you can find and putting it on fries and that's what you get. It was disgusting.Needless to say, we will never return!
3	I guess I was expecting more.  We went for lunch and had mixed results.Food:- The Cuban Sandwich - don't bother.  No flavor, despite pepperjack cheese and flavored mayo (?)- The adult Mac N Cheese - again, amazingly bland, maybe needed more bacon and tomato and some sort of sharp cheese, because the sauce reminded me of Elmer's Glue- The Cardinal's Salad - excellent.  Crisp lettuce, delicious dressing, fresh toppings, huge portion.- The Chili is the best - highly recommend.  Thick, juicy, great tang to it, just the right amount of heat- All the kids meals (kids mac n cheese, hot dog, chicken tenders) were all excellent quality (especially the hot dog)Service:- Waited 5 minutes to be seated by hostess who was juggling being on the phone and cashiering and seating (short staffed?)- Server was nice, but forgot condiment requests, and took a while to come back for refillsAtmosphere:- Nice mix of music and sport memorabilia, large TVs all on different channels, loud music, basic tables / chairs, overall loud but cool anyway.- Corny names of plates (obviously the Ty Cobb Salad, but the other names are just silly and mostly not meaningful - uninspired)I would probably recommend checking them out because the price is reasonable for what you get.
5	Great place for family and friends to enjoy. Comfortable, great atmosphere and good service. Plenty of TV's to watch your favorite sports.
2	Been there about 5 times since it opened and the food has never been good.   Not much on the menu and very bland.   Service isn't the best plus you have to pay $10 to park.   Doubt I ever go back.
5	The food is better than I would have expected but the real reason to come here is the staff.  Not only are they beautiful they're genuinely kind.  Alisha and Melissa have been amazing each time I've visited.  Don't forget to yell out "Big Unit" when the bell sounds.
5	This place was awesome. Tons of awesome memorabilia all over and great food as well. They even had an Elaine Benes big salad on the menu from Seinfeld. A great place to go when you're downtown especially before or after an event.
5	On our way back from Tucson, Arizona we stopped to order a Bases Loaded Mega Dogg from our favorite restaurant in Phoenix Arizona to take home.  Only thing is home is Moreno Valley California!  5 hours away!  Long story short, arrived home and open the containers and a glorious surprised,  everything was fantastic!  Properly package and fresh and delicious! Great Job! Cooper'stown!  Way to be a First Class Restaurant
5	Awesome place. Great food. The Service is great.
3	If you love Alice Cooper this little museum of a restaurant is for you.  Especially if you're going directly to a baseball game.  It's just walking distance.   The restaurant itself is fun.   I loved looking at all the memorabilia.   After all, who doesnt love Alice!The food was just ok.   They were out of fried zucchini and mushrooms so the appetizer platter to share was clearly out of the question.  The sliders were good with carmelized onions and a soft bun.  The spinach/artichoke dip was very flavorful albeit quite runny.   Not easy to keep on the chip.  Our server was a little sloppy in appearance.   Not quite what I would expect from a sports bar.  All in all just an ok experience.
2	Very greasy and food tastes like it was not fresh and prepared and frozen.  Bbq meat tasted old.
4	This place is in smack dab downtown Phoenix.  It is in an old brick building that you wouldn't really notice but for the fact that it has a patio and a sign out front so you know you have arrived at Alice Cooper's joint.This place is fun and the wait staff is very friendly.  Walls and tables are decorated with music themes and waitresses are all wearing Cooperstown shirts and have their eyes painted in the Alice Cooper style which is quirky and cool.I love the burgers and nachos here I order those every time I come in.  I have never ordered the "Big Unit" because I usually come alone and you definitely need a friend or two to help you finish that sucker off!  They also have a sort of museum of rock memorabilia and a gift shop where you can buy hats, shirts, guitar picks, mugs, etc.  I was lucky enough to run into Alice Cooper in the mall the last time around, and was able to talk to him for awhile about the restaurant and tell him how much I liked the food.
1	Been there plenty of times before. All visits alright, not exceptional though. Last time I went there got sat next to the bar. Immediately after sitting down i overheard the bartender jokingly scolding a customer at the bar for her second time of dropping her beer. Minutes passed, some people escorted her to the bathroom, brought her back. Shortly after that the woman threw up all over the floor by the bar, which mind you is right by the table I was seated at. They then thought to remove the puke covered girl from the restaurant. I sat there with my food on my table and the smell of vomit right next to me. Obviously, I had lost my appetite. Bartender came over to tel us he was so GENEROUSLY going to take 20% off our bill. Which happened to be only about $5, but plus tax of about $2 I basically got no real reduction from the bill.What a shitty experience, I will never go there again. I will never recommend anyone there. That issue could've been handled if they had sought to remove the lady long before she had made a mess of herself and my evening. If the establishment was professional they would've done something about it and tried harder to cater to their other customers and at least try to seem somewhat sympathetic toward my situation. I do understand, yes its a sports bar, but that doesn't mean the whole deal couldn't have been dealt with in favor of the other customers whom were eating.Disgusting & disappointing!!!
4	Stopped by here on the way to Sedona and was pleasantly surprised. Menu is expansive and most items we got were very good, not giant portions unless you go for their massive hot dogs but VERY tasty. Burgers were bomb, especially the bacon burger!Atmosphere was really cool as well, good sports bar feel and the staff were extremely pleasant. Would definitely go back here when passing through again.
4	Is the food good? No, not really. Though it was fun to get the big unit hot dog as a novelty. And yes I finished the whole thing. Was the service good? No, not really. In fact, the server made a million mistakes and I'm pretty sure was high on something. But I love heavy metal and Alice Cooper too much to give this place a bad review. Even though it wasn't that great, I would actually come back. I actually enjoyed the experience, even though I probably wouldn't have if Alice Cooper stuff was not everywhere. But hell, I would come back, so that doesn't deserve a bad review.
2	the burgers were the same as any fast food place. it had a nice atmosphere, but the food left much to be desired.
4	A pivotal moment during my impressionable wonder years was unexpectedly seeing Alice Cooper in full regalia on "Hollywood Squares," and listening to his celebrity intro banter with Peter Marshall - "Alice, how's that golf game going in Phoenix?" "Oh, it's just been wonderful, Peter..." I believe it was the first time I ever used the phrase, "WTF?" So it's present day and I unexpectedly find myself at Mr Cooper's sports bar & grill in Phoenix, and my initial instinct was to reiterate, "WTF." But since I'm big on not repeating myself, what actually came out was "Hey, this place is pretty cool." And it's also deceptively huge: There's a big outdoor stage area, and inside you're surrounded by a dozen big LCDs & projector TVs & all sorts of rock & roll memorabilia. It's got a big bar, lots of big tables, and the staff really does wear Alice Cooper eye goo. I bet this place packs them in on game days.   Yeah, I saw the Man vs Food episode shot from here, but a 22" loaded hot dog doesn't quite do it for me. But the potato skins & "Shroomer" burger were good, and I'll even give them props for having great iced tea. I get that regulars rave about the BBQ here, but I'm from Austin, where everyone and their brother does great BBQ. I tend to avoid the stuff when I'm out of town.I almost bought the official black Alice Cooper onesie from the gift shop, but realized I didn't know anyone who could wear it. I am mildly curious how many people come here to Cooper'stown, but really have no idea of his musical legacy. I wonder if Mr Cooper himself comes here occasionally, and if he's really a nice guy or not. Maybe it's just the song.
3	Alice's mom's tuna casserole was a novel item on the menu and actually pretty decent. Can you really go wrong with a casserole though? Unfortunately, the Nightmare Chili was way too sweet. Like there was ketchup in it rather than chili powder. The Green Chile was good, but could have used a bit more kick.There was a big radio station event taking place the day we went, but luckily we beat the rush. Nothing else on the menu really leaped out as must-tries, unfortunately.
4	good food, excellent staff, nice environment.
3	Fun place to grab a bite before a game.  We stopped in a couple of weeks ago and enjoyed some fab wings. Definitely not something I'd make a trip for exclusively but great way to kick off a trip to the ballpark.
4	Although I completely failed at finishing the Big Unit 22" hotdog, I enjoyed eating at this restaurant. Fun atmosphere, and good service. This a fun place to grab a drink and/or late lunch before catching a Dbacks game.
3	This place is easily described in one word.... BI-POLAR!!!  Either really good or really bad!  After scanning the menu, my daughter and I both decided to try BBQ sandwiches.  She got the Pulled Pork and I couldn't decide between chicken and beef.  Waitress said not the beef since it's unreliable and when it's bad it's really bad..... okkkaaaayyyy.  Opted for the chicken and added cheese after her recommendation and ordered my sides.  Waitress then asks me if I have any problem with bones since they often leave some small bones in on accident.  Gross!  I changed my order to a bacon cheeseburger... at $12 it better be good!  We also ordered some cheese fries to start since we were starving!Fries came and they had chili on it so they were returned and the waitress apologized... No biggie.  Cheese fries finally came out and they were delicious!  A few different types of cheese on top, good crispy fries underneath.  Honestly some of the best cheese fries I've ever had!  Food came and burger was small and obviously a frozen patty.  Super disappointed they use a frozen burger patty because they charge way too much for it!  Bacon on the burger was delish though... Perfectly crispy and big pieces.  I ordered mashed potatoes and chili as my sides.  Chili was fine but not the best, I think it tasted a bit burnt so it could have been an old batch from yesterday or something.  Mashed potatoes were amazing!  Red skin potatoes and a good amount of richness in them.  I tried a bite of my daughters pulled pork sandwich and it was amazing!!  Really good BBQ sauce!  The BBQ might be what this place is known for, not sure.  Wayyyyy overpriced on most of the food and the soft drinks were almost $3 each!!  WTF??  For a bar, these prices are outrageous!  Also, the place seems really really really dirrty!  Like I am scared to know what behind the bar and kitchen looks like!  Don't touch the menus too much and definitely avoid the drink menu on the table... there are layers and layers of filth and stickiness that made me want to vomit.  I will be back at least once hoping to find some better food choices.  I am still a bit concerned over the dirty ness and the bones in the pulled chicken.  Seems more like an issue with bad management though.  A good manager would make a world of difference here.  BTW... Why are they closed on Sundays?  With football happening on Sunday and them having such a great bar with big TV's, I would think this would be a busy day for them!  There are few good sports bars downtown for families (not Hooters or Tilted Kilt) so it's a shame.
1	Overpriced and microwaved.  Eat more than 10 feet away from the game and enjoy a meal.
5	We visited here on our vacation in az. Everyone was so nice, even when we got lost and the host on the phone helped us by giving us step by step instructions to find the restaurant.  Our waitress was great! We had the big unit,  (awesome hot dog) fish tacos and the pork nachos. The food was bomb! Plus they have flavored sodas! We will definitely go back when we go to Az.
3	Came in here with a friend because we wanted to reminisce the neighbourhood where we once lived, (Job Corps!!!) And we finally had enough money to eat here. It was OKAY. Desmond's Cuban sandwich was gooood! And I ordered the Arizona burger which I kind of regret. When it was brought to me, the bottom bread was soggy, and it was because there was salsa in my burger! And I was upset because I don't remember reading that in the description of the burger, and it was just put in there without my consent. Plus, there was bacon which I don't like, and didn't know about. Anyway, I asked if they could swap the bread, and yeah I apologized for the inconvenience. Their mashed potatoes and cheese fries were yum! Plus Ozzy Osbournes devil dog drink was really good and I didn't understand why it is named that when it's actually so sweet and heavenly!The music they played was like, Cranberries, Bush, RHCP, Hole, just great music. I think the best thing about the place was the atmosphere, I should have gone to just drink.
5	Surprisingly great place. Not what I expected from the outside. I was here for the first time recently when invited to support a friend's son in the youth music competition put on by Alice Cooper's Solid Rock youth center..We had a great time watching all these young and very talented musicians! We can't wait to come back for the next round.
2	This is our first time here. My boyfriend got the gumbo and he said it tasted like it was straight from a can and had to send it back. I got the cheese fries, they were crispy and plenty of them but the cheese didn't have much flavor. I got the turkey sliders which again has minimal flavor....a little salt and pepper never hurt anyone during the cooking process!  My boyfriend got the "no more Mr. Nice guy" as his main entree...wasn't impressed, looked good on paper but didn't come together. Overall the experience was good, food...ehhh. Our waitress Sarah Jane was great, very accommodating and really tried to tried to make our experience here pleasant. Probably wouldn't come again but if we did we would definitely have  Sarah Jane as our waitress.
3	A great place to hang out before and after Diamondback games, Alice Cooper'stown is a fun place with a better-than-your-average-bar menu where the worlds of sports and music collide. Think Hard Rock plus ESPN Zone minus the corporate chain feel. They have a great patio/beer garden, open dining with a long bar and loft seating above.TIP: You're going to pay for parking. If you're able to grab street parking, then it's $3.00 for two hours. It's two hours max, so if you're planning on hanging out longer, the lot in the back is $5. On game days the lots fill up fast and cost more.On my last trip, I met a friend for lunch. It was a non-game day Wednesday, so things were pretty quiet and we were seated right away. We were both eyeing the Big Unit, but decided that 22 inches of hot dog was probably not a good idea. They have a basic Big Unit for $22 and a loaded one for about $27. They sound an alarm whenever anyone gets one, so it's pretty fun to watch others try to take the Big Unit down. Someday....someday....I opted for the Killer sandwich - hot corned beef, loads of sauerkraut, melting cheese and thousand island dressing served on toasted rye. So simple, yet so sublime. It was heavier on the sauerkraut than what I was used to, but the fresh bite of fermented cabbage was a nice contrast to the savory, salty goodness of the artery-blocking corned beef and cheese. I would not hesitate to order it again.My friend ordered the Cuban sandwich. It was probably the tallest Cuban I've ever seen. He had to take some of the pork out just so he could eat it. It looked very good and he raved about it.You get to pick two sides with your meal. We both went with fries and the nightmare Chili. The fries were excellent - better than expected. The chili was probably my least favorite part of the meal. I'll agree with one of the other reviewers in saying than it is just a touch too sweet. Anyway, when ordered as a side, you only get few spoonfuls so it's not a big deal...As far as beverages go, they don't have a huge selection of local drafts, but they do have Four Peaks Kiltlifter, which is always a reliable go-to, especially for "day drinking."All in all, Alice Cooperstown is a great place with a ton of character and better than average bar food. Just what you're looking for before and after a game....or any other time as well!
1	Arrived with out of town guests and found restaurant not planning to open until 4 PM. Contrary to their published hours. No signs, only advised by employee sweeping off patio. Had checked their website before leaving home (45 miles away) and no notice on site. 4 year old grand-daughter named Alice was so upset as she wanted to see "a boy named Alice". Will never return!!!!!!
4	A visit to Alice Cooper'stown is like no other. Located centrally in the heart of downtown Phoenix a quick stop is mandatory. (Warning: Once you're in - you'll never want to leave.) Breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner are perfect options. The drinks are off the charts. Mike, the bartender will woo you off your feet and create the most beautiful cocktails.You're super, super close to US Airways (1 min walk) and Chase Field (10 min walk). So if you're catching a Suns or DBacks game this is *perfect* for a pre or post game nibble and drink. Pedi-cabs are readily available.Alice memorabilia is everywhere. Walls, doors, and even the floor. You are hugged and loved by the guy. Make sure there's enough memory space on your phone to take goofy photos.I've been surprised the food is actually good here. That sounds terrible to say. I figured they would have the beer down pat. (PBRs are $3.50!) and not much more. But no. The apps are delicious. The entrees are wonderful. And at shockingly reasonable prices. Being fortunate to have friends that share easily I've nibbled many things. I really don't think you'll go wrong with anything you select. (In the morning I love the "The Patriot". For a snack the jalapeno coins or mac & cheese sliders.) The ruckus made when a Big Unit hotdog is ordered is entertaining. It's a hot dog. It's big. Woot!Plenty of televisions. The staff is awesome and accommodating. If you're coming in large groups - as many do - please try and not ask for so many split checks. I've seen them do it. They are very nice about it. But that seems mean. Bring cash and use your calculator like old school times. It is possible! Special shout out to Alisha. Bomb diggity server. Quite possibly the biggest smile on earth.
5	Super fun family experience! Order the kids the big unit and the brownie with ice cream! Lifetime family memory! Not even Alice Cooper fan but he hit a homerun with this one! Great vibes and very fair pricing!
4	If you like Rock & Roll - check this place out! Lots of rock memorabilia and the food is pretty good. The parking can be tough on game nights but is available in the rear of the restaurant. Sometimes you have to pay to park so have some cash. The prices aren't bad and the service is OK.I always take visitors new to Phoenix here.
3	I ordered Coop's combo. Which was fries, potato skins, wings, sliders, and chicken tenders. I figured I'd be able to try a bit of everything. It's an amusing little joint, but the food is just average in my opinion. It kind of reminded me of Applebee's.
5	Had the man vs food  big unit it was a well flavoed hot got the last was worth its price the staff was also very friendly will definitely try to go again if I am ever in the area  again
2	We had a groupon and decided to try it out. It wasn't hAppy hour and my draft bud light was $5. The appetizers were so-so. It's a great atmosphere and would be fun after a game.
