5	Very nice car themed restaurant. Their main draw is their many varieties of chicken wings, ranging from very mild to extremely spicy. They also serve steak that is pretty good, along with great huge burgers. We enjoy the chicken though, and that is the main reason I go.They have 2 bars inside, one in a smoking section and one in a non-smoking section.
2	I'm very undecided on this place. The last time we went there it was busy - and the service was terrible. I have been there before and had a better time. Good wings - great variety of sauce choices. Don't even try the hottest sauce . . . I've eaten very hot before - but their top sauce shouldn't even be served. Very nasty - very hot - very dangerous. I hear the place is great on 'bike night' which I believe is TUESDAYS. I wouldn't know since I don't have a motorcycle. If you don't either - I would stay away on Tuesdays.
4	Gets one star for having Biker Night on Wednesday with a band and bar setup outside. (I wish I had taken pictures.) We walked from our hotel trying to figure out where to eat.  There were 4 choices - PF Chang's (done last night as a group), Abuelo's (where I ate Monday), Apple-bee's and Quaker Steak and Lube (which was closest).   As we walk up we notice that there is an employee directing the bikers where to park, "Please get close."   Not a good sign, but still we send in scouts to see how long the wait it.  Apparently the crowd is outside because they are able to seat our party of nine immediately.  Their menu is big; steaks, wings, ribs, burgers, etc.   A number of the party had steaks, the rest chicken wings.   It was a messy meal for me, but good.  Service was good given the number of people that were there.  Granted this is not the place to be a wine snob, but it was a good time.  Loved the atmosphere, the bikers really added to it.
3	Grade: C-I suppose I would like this place if I was 8 years old and didn't mind slow service and survived on chicken wings.
4	I'm a girl who likes her options, so Tuesday nights when they do the All You Can Eat wing special is perfect for me. Not because I plan on eating a bathtub of chicken parts, but because I have a tendency to regret what I order as soon as I see someone else's food. Maybe it's a quest for entree greatness, who knows. I just enjoy getting a little of this, and a little of that. It is quite loud and busy(plan to wait if you're going on a Tues!), and obviously not what I'd call "high(or even middle) end". If THAT'S what you're looking for, what are you going to a wing joint for, anyway?
4	Quaker Steak & Lube has, in my opinion, THE best wings around.  Huge selection of sauces- choose carefully, my friend, lest you sear your tongue.  My personal fave is the garlic sauce, followed by the regular 'hot' sauce.  It's a little odd to eat/drink beneath stock cars and motorbikes suspended from the ceiling, until you realize they're really not going to fall on your head.  Hmm-wonder if that ever happened?  I digress..Fairly decent menu, two bars and OK prices.  Nuff said.
4	Deserves three stars but they are consistent with good service and the restaurant is always clean. Probably not a place I would visit too often but kids love this place. Try the onion rings.
5	My oh my! I just love their wings. Their spicy sauces are awesome. My kids love getting their food in the car box. they love to take them home to play. It's a little crowded inside and can be loud sometimes. I love the fact that the decor inside has a different feel than other place. The wait time is a bit long but it's all wroth the wait when the wings arrive.
3	Food is ok at best, wings are way over rated.
5	Quaker Steak and Lube has the Best Wings that I have tasted in a long time. The wings are big, plump and Juicy. They are not the skimpy little things that they sell in most wing joints. C.R. had the Atomic wings. They actually make you sign a waiver before they will put in an order. They were hot, but nothing too severe. I had 10 of the Regular Hot wings. They were awesome. They were served with a generous helping of Celery and Blue Cheese. The service was wonderful, the decor was a NASCAR lovers dream. There was actually a exact Model of a Rusty Wallace car that was suspended over the Bar. My only complaint is that the Middleton, Wisconsin location is the closest one to Chicago. If they ever opened a location here, they would make a killing. It would blow any wing place in Chicago out of the water. If you are ever on the road and pass one of these gems, make sure to stop in. The wings are well worth the drive.
5	Quaker Steak rocks!  Dont listen to any of the reviews with less than 4 stars - these people have no idea what they are talking about.  We came to Madison and had to make a special trip here since seeing the Man vs Food segment where Adam takes the "atomic wing challenge".  They make you sign a paper saying the restaurant is not liable for any harm you do to yourself after eating 6 of these bad boys (oooh, scary!).  Andy ordered the flavour that was one less hot than the Atomic, which were called the Supercharged.  The wings come and while they were awesome, they werent anywhere close to the heat level I was expecting.  I wanted to be writhing on the floor in pain, gasping and pleading for my life, and they merely created a bit of sweat across the brow, nothing more.  Had I been hungrier, I could have had 6 more with no problems.  The interior is definitely geared towards men, with gas pumps and neon signs and an actual Nascar hanging from the ceiling.  The exterior looks like an old time gas station.  I dont really care about that, all I care about is the next time I get to visit Madison and get to have more of those Atomic wings!
4	The other reviews are right on and this place has the most excellent wings around.  They are plenty spicy and hot and cooked beyond perfection.  YES BEYOND PERFECTION!  The service is great, it's always clean and the place is just friendly.  If you are a gearhead this is a must.
5	Unbelievably tasty food! Great customer service and unbeatable prices!My family and I moved to West Madison in January of 2009, leaving our favorite italian restaurant behind back in our hometown. We were searching for a place to go *once a week for family night* and we found it immediately! Quaker Steak and Lube was recommended to my brother by a co-worker. So, one Saturday night, right before hitting up The Comedy Club on State, we decided to stop by Quaker Steak and Lube as a "trial". We were immediately greeted and seated with no wait. It was BUSY too. I ordered the chicken fenders and french fries with a side of ranch- they were delicious! Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside! The fries were seasoned to perfection and the ranch... YUM. It's hard to find a place that serves really great ranch. **So far Red Robin is #1 ranch server and Quaker Steak and Lube is now #2** My fiance ordered chicken wings. They tasted baked and then deep-fried. Their choice of sauces were practically limitless. There was a ton to choose from. My brother and his wife each ordered a burger and fries and a bowl of the cheesy baked potato soup. They were both very pleased with their meal. Our bill came to about $60 which wasn't bad for the four of us. We had a great time and the place is decorated so that even if you went with someone you didn't like, you'd have plenty of things to keep yourself busy staring at.Overall, I highly recommend Quaker Steak and Lube to anyone looking for a great meal in a fun & friendly atmosphere.However, this is not the place to take someone to romantically gaze into each others eyes. It's quite noisy and very laid back.I'm happy to say that our family day at Quaker Steak and Lube is every Tuesday *ALL YOU CAN EAT WING NIGHT* for $12.99 (unlimited wings, fries & soda)
4	Being the self-proclaimed "Wing King" it's a must that anytime I'm in Madison I make a stop at QS&L. The ambiance is kind of annoying... Okay, it's really annoying, but the food here is bomb and I've never had a weak drink...We usually roll with the Supercharged wings as they're the spiciest available that still have a good, bold flavor to them. Their wings are always steaming hot, and PLUMP PLUMP PLUMP!  No bullshit third world chicken wings here. And that I can definitely respect!During my last visit, after taking down a double order of Supercharged wings, I was challenged by my party to eat the new Triple Atomic wing because I was "scared and a pussy." Since I'm so easy to get to when it comes to such things (mainly food challenges) I decided to take on 500,000 SHU. Six beautiful wings came out with a red siren and rubber gloves, hahahaha. I wore just one of the gloves as an ode to Michael Jackson and went to work. They were definitely spicy, but nothing the King couldn't handle. The only thing that sucked was at about wing #4 my right eye started sweating and the spice laden sweat oozed from my pores and got into my eyeball forcing me to finish my plate looking like a damn cyclops. I finished though. Thanks for the free drinks, boys. THE WING KING LIVES ON.
3	The wings are completely superior to BW3.  The atomic wings are grossly hot.  Not sure how anyone eats them.  The rest of the wing menu has great variety and is full of taste.  My biggest knock on them after multiple visits is the service.  I have had experiences with poor wait staff as well as a poorly handled situation by the manager on duty.
4	This is a great place to go out and eat. Their is quite a bit to see when you sit down. From all the cars, vehicles, and other things they got hanging from the ceiling, or glued to the wall. It is normally really loud inside, which can get a bit bothersome when your trying to talk to friends or family, and it sucks when you get placed in the bar area, and some people can be very rude and careless (you can tell when their gettin' drunk) besides all that, their is a nice selection of food to choose from, and everything is great. Now, wings are not my thing but Quaker Steaks are pretty good. Although i will never push myself to try the Atomic sauce, because i hate hot... If you in the Madison/Middleton area and want some good food at a good price, you should check out Quaker Steak....
5	Good concept, great wings, family friendly, for what the place is, great food, well executed. My son loves the place and they give you a gigantic popsicle for dessert. What's not to love...
4	We have these where i grew up and I was suprized yo see one this far west. Food is always good. The atomsphere screams biker or grease monkey. I had a luburger and it was pretty good however, I could not finnish it. All in all pretty good meal
4	I only get one thing at Quaker Steak, wings. On Tuesdays they have all you can eat wings for (I think) $12.95. They are served in small batches, and you can order them with a variety of sauces. I have tried many and am now set on the Badger (Buckeye (gag) BBQ). That sauce has just the right amount of heat and sweet. Can't really comment on any of their other food though. Service is excellent on Tuesdays, and so so on other weekdays.
2	Gonna have to knock this place back to Sept 10.   Changed cooks? dishes?  Not sure.   Prices way too much for what we got.   Waiter/waitress was good but the food was meh.  I have had better meals at Culvers.  Won't be going back.
3	My family and I have been coming to this restaurant for over three years now and we still love the food...I wish I could say the same about the service.  More and more frequently we have experienced absolutely horrible service.  Ranging anywhere from inattentive service to incorrect orders being served and more often less than hot.  The thing that has prompted me to finally write this though was my family's most recent visit.  Some twenty plus minutes after we ordered, I had to alert the waitress to the fact that we still not been served any of our meals (even my son's salad), while the table behind us who had arrived 5-10 minutes after that had already received there second helping of all you can eat wings.  There didn't seem to be any real reason for this since the restaurant was fairly empty (it was before 6:00pm),  We soon got our food (my son getting about a minute for his salad before our entrees came), but there was no explanation of what happened or even an apology for what happened and the food was lukewarm to boot (even though the waitress cautioned my son about how "hot' his plate was). I know not all the staff is so inattentive, but honestly it seems to be getting worse and worse over time.  If we could get the menu items elsewhere we likely would never return to this location...And yes, I plan on completing the 'survey' on their receipt with this same narrative!
4	This place is always a good time, and the food is delicious. I've been there for the all-you-can-eat wings as well as other food. Definitely a spot worth checking out if you like sports bars and 'bar food'.
5	Whenever I find myself in Madison, Wisconsin, I always set aside enough time to drive over to Middleton and eat at Quaker Steak &  Lube. I've had wings all across the country, and I always compare them to QS&L's wings. The thing I love about this location, is the Biker Rally that takes place weekly...you have got to see it to believe it. Truly amazing. The staff is always courteous and quick to help you. The menu has just about everything you could want on it, but the wings are a must! From the tame BBQ sauce to the "Atomic Wings Challenge" (as seen on Man vs. Food, and you must sign a waiver before even tasting one wing) the sauces are top-notch. My personal favorite is the Arizona Ranch.If you ever come across one of these restaurants, you need to stop in...I look forward to any business trip I make where there is a QS&L...especially to Middleton, Wisconsin where I had my first taste of the best wings on earth.
4	Consistently good food. Really good Greek nachos and great wings.
4	Beer, wings, sports on multiple TV's, a decent menu with predictable choices.  Quaker Steak and Lube delivers on what they present.  Its a big busy place, with good service.  The beer selection was not extensive, but the food choices were.  I really enjoyed their Southwest BBQ chicken flatbread.
4	YUM YUMI've been to a few locations for this franchise...WI, OH and IL...none of whcih ever disappoint...I almost always get a really nice server...they're usually really helpful when you're asking for suggestions and suchI usually order the wings with Buckeye BBQ sauce and pretzels...but even that's too much to eat for one person...This particular location has a great outdoor patio with tvs, lots of fresh air and great servers...perfect location for the businesses nearby.
5	Whenever I find myself looking for a great place to dine out I kick around a few ideas but always end up going to Quaker Steak. Love, love, love their food, prices, atmosphere, the whole shebang!Their wraps are to die for. Their loaded french fries--um...YUM! Chicken wings?! Sign me up!I love everything about this place. They take excellent care of every customer beginning with their friendly staffers down to the licorice and warm wipes at the end of every meal.Seriously, if you haven't been here you're missing out. Go and you'll become a regular like me! And be sure to stop in on a Wednesday evening now that it's summertime for Bike Night! Awesome bands are always rocking out outside!
4	Good stuff...man vs food atomic wing challenge!
1	In the past this place was great. Lately though, things are falling apart. While waiting for the food, i took the kids to play some video games. The server dropped off the food, but no napkins and no utensils. I had to go to the front to ask for them. My burger came with about six fries. Hello? Fries are CHEAP, so why scrimp there? She never came back to refill drinks. When she asked if we wanted dessert, I had to point out that the kids meals come with popsicles, to which she said "oh". When the server came back with my change, there was no receipt, and the change was $2 short, so who knows if she even rang it up. The food was pretty cold too. I wish I could have my $40 back and go to a place that gives a S about return business. I just ate my last meal there.
4	Quaker Steak & Lube is always my choice for catching up with friends from high school. And for good reason.The seating is plentiful and Tuesday nights have "All You Can Eat" wings which vary in over 20 flavors, the beer selection is also very good. The service can be a bit less attentive on Tuesday nights due to the high volume of customers, but I've been here other nights of the week and it's top notch.Overall, this place is great for groups of people.
4	Been here many times. Give it a general thumbs up. Good wings and burgers. Don't recommend the steak. Some memorable times at karaoke nights here. The bar manager in the main bar area (to the right when you come in) is a good guy - once I complained because my wings were legitimately cold and without much sauce. Sent me a new, fresh+hot round of wings with plenty of sauce and comped a good portion of the meal. That's really the only time ive ever had a bad experience, and he made up for it.
2	Ate there once a long while ago and won't go back. The food tasted like it had sat under a heat lamp for the entire day. Maybe even the previous day too. Even McD's has gotten away from that. Plus not that much for what we paid. No thanks. Should admit I'm more a legs guy and not so much for the wings. I don't think anyone in our party ordered wings either so maybe that's why I wasn't impressed.
3	The wings are not all that large but are tasty. The server was nice but the food and drinks took a lot too long.
4	I had the Philly Cheese Steak Flat bread and it was dah bomb!  The service and the food was great.  The place has a unique look to it, like a 1950s diner on the outside.  On the inside it has race car decorations all over the place.  I went on a Wednesday night and they had a rock band there on the bar side.  The rock band was good, but I was sitting on the restaurant side and just wasn't in the mood to hear all of that noise.  So I am giving it 4.5 stars instead of 5.   I will definitely go back again, I will just make sure it's not concert night.
3	Wow!!!!  So many different types of sauces!!!!i love hot wings!!!  Wings has to be my most favoritest thing as appetizer.  When I was on business trip to WI and saw Quaker Steak & Lube, i HAD to go there. decor was pretty cool~  family oriented restaurants.  I order all you can eat wing thing on the menu (Tuesdays).  I tried various flavors.  I gotta say, i didn't have a favorite flavors but i have to say i was pretty surprised by their spicy ones (i tried the second spiciest one on the menu).  WOW!!!!! they make you sign their waiver before you can order them! and i gladly signed the waiver.  i don't think i've EVER had anything that spicy before!!! hhahaha. it was a challenge. I couldn't finish all of it, it was just too spicy.. i thought i was gonna die!! hhahaha! and I LOVE spicy food.  but i wouldn't try that again. it didn't have flavor.  sad... Service was great.  Can't complain. it was overall a good experience =)
2	Meh. This place offers mediocre food, but a fun atmosphere. Looking for some great wings, I headed over the Quaker Steak and Lube after seeing it featured on Man V Food. Unfortunately, I was let down.The wings are not the best. Not very crunchy, and a lot of chewy skin. The sauce left something to be desired as well. If you are looking for a chain with wings, BWW's is a better bet.
4	While I normally would shy away from anything called "Lube Chips", cause, you know, it's got the word "Lube" in it. And imaging something like a "Lube Chip" in my 7th grade-like mind just doesn't sound right.  But they're actually good.  For that matter, the whole restaurant is good.  Plus they have a car mounted sideways on the wall.  Seriously.  It's solidly hung too.  I checked.  It's not going anywhere.What I appreciate is unlike other wing-establishments of their kind, their sauce names actually line up to their heat.  If you order a medium hot sauce, it's not mild nor hot.  Their Arizona Ranch sauce is a spectacular mix of medium-ish sauce with ranch dressing.  For entrees, I'm a fan of the wrap and my wife has actually gotten the steak a couple of times.  She was pleased.The adult beverages are reasonably priced and a good selection too.  Service has always been good for me.  Now I'm thinking I am going to go there after work.  See what writing this review has done for me?
4	Great wings and beer selection!
2	service was good, but the food kinda sucked...I can see going for the gimmick and drinking with group, but not for a meal
3	I must say, the next couple of times we have been there, the service has been improved...hopefully it keeps moving in that direction!
1	We have been eating here on our way up north for 7 years... and in the past two years it has gone downhill. Saturday we were excited to go and it was wet carpeting smell, inattentive waiter, my  husband's margarita was very MEH and took FOREVER to get. It's a MIX...not handmade. And, the glass wasn't even filled. We almost dined and ditched. That's how bad the beginning was. The wings were not hot but still tasty. The Thai, Asian Sesame and garlic were good, but because of the musty wet smell we won't be back. Sadly.
3	Summary:What quaker Steak lacks in class, consistency, quality, and value it more than makes up for in gluttony.  The Big Deal:All you can eat wings for around 13 dollars is a weekly ritual that I only somewhat begrudgingly keep up Tuesday nights.  The format is you get 4 wings at a time which surprisingly come out not at the snails pace of a normal all-you-can-eat game but at a decent pace.  Long Islands are 3$ and service is pretty quicklMy favorite:Get supercharged wings.  They are absolutely delicious, even if after 4 I wind up crying they are still so tasty.  For the more faint of heart you gotta try Haute Parm.Shortfalls:Sometimes they serve you wings that are too dry or are overcooked but the next four are usually better.  The Long islands aren't as strong as good ones, but hey, it's not like the Lube is a Gay Bar (which by the way is the least apparaently true statement I've ever made). The huge hordes of high school jocks hitting on the food runners only heat the blood without boiling it.  I love hate this place.The Secret:They also deliver, and when you order a big bucket of wings they have yet to totally miss the mark for me.
3	Mixed feelings about Quaker... I have literally flipped the rating between 2 and 4 stars, so 3 sounds like an appropriate middle ground.We visit this location quite often because it's close to the office, offers a decent selection of brews, and features a decent happy hour.  I'm a fan of the three bars - two inside, one outside - as you're almost assured to find an open bar stool.  We've sat at tables and have had mixed service results - some servers are attentive and accurate; others, not so much.  The bar almost always offers reliable service.The appetizers are solid.  Fried pickle wedges?  Yes, please.  Pretzels with beer cheese dip?  I'll take a full order, please.  The pub-style chips with the aforementioned cheese dip?  Absolutely.The wings are hit-or-miss.  If you're looking for quality wings, you're best served to attend on one of the non-all-you-can-eat nights.  It seems as if the kitchen really rushes the wing orders on those AYCE nights; sauces are inconsistently applied, and the wings aren't always as hot as you'd expect - I'm guessing they're grabbing wings from a bin during the AYCE nights.Visit on a "normal" night, and you'll find the wings (including the boneless variety) are more consistent, and better prepared.  We stopped-in on a non-bike night Wednesday and were pleased with the boneless and traditional wings - they were all excellent.QSL also hosts various themed nights, primarily during the summer months.  Bike night is ridiculously busy - it's literally a zoo outside.  Car night is nearly as busy, so if you're not into big crowds and drinking beer from a plastic cup, you might want to visit on another night.All-in-all, you can do a lot worse than QSL. QSL = OKService = 3 stars (better at the bar; tables are inconsistent)Food = 3 stars (good on normal nights; inconsistent on AYCE nights)Value = 3 stars (a little pricey; decent happy hour & nightly specials)MISC = 3 stars (big area, cool memorabilia)
2	The place has good wings, but only if you order them at the restaurant, they are far worse when you order takeout (I've ordered in both at the location and takeout more than once, so I feel this is consistent). All of the rest of the food is very average.
3	It's my third time eating from/at Quaker Steak & Lube, I've eaten at the Madison location, taken out from the Middleton spot and this time I sat at the Middleton location. It was pretty empty, but it was the day after Christmas. People still were in family mode and staying in from what I could tell.I was excited to order some boneless wings, nothing like knowing what you want before you go in! I tried a Custom Built Combo - Loaded Magna Fries and 6 pack of wings (original BBQ) and six more wings with Dusted Chipotle BBQ. I don't typically order dry rubs for wings or ribs (I know that's a popular Southern way). When they came out, the 'dusted' wings were hands down my favorite. I will go back again just to have those wings in that dusting.The fries were good, initially, but as I got the remaining fries at the bottom, they became dry and less enjoyable. The service felt under-attentive, knowing how empty the place was, we were surprised to hear their trivia consoles were all out. We also sat waiting for refills a little long - especially after he came and asked if we wanted refills.When I got to my second to last wing, I thought 'wow, this is a big wing!' ...it wasn't a wing. In fact, I had no idea what it was (at the time). First bite - not a wing. Second bite - nothing but pepper (spit into napkin). I pointed it out to the waiter, not because I wanted something free or a new meal (I was full and got my money's worth). But I was really curious what it was.As we were getting up to leave the manager rushed out with a free 6 pack of wings as an apology (again, not what I needed, but it was well welcomed). Turns out it was breading... nothing but breading. Yeah, that explains what I tasted. He had also never seen that happen before - so don't worry - it shouldn't happen to you.Overall, a great gimmick restaurant with the play on their name and the decor in each location. I won't be going out of my way to visit the Middleton location again, but the downtown Madison location is a great spot. I'll stick to that one from here on out!
5	Best wings,,, bartender Nancy is awesome
4	You know, as much as I want to hate this place...  as a liberal...  a former hippie...  as a person who was at one point a vegetarian for more than a year...  a practitioner of yoga for 7 years and counting....  I still just can't resist this place.   They're just a 1970 Dodge Challenger 440 at wide open throttle.  That spicy burger of theirs is my fave. So freaking good.  So ridiculous, unnecessary, extravagantly unhealthy I'm sure, but so good.  God bless Amurrrricaahh!!!
4	I've always enjoyed the wings here and the onion ring tower was delicious and intimidating.  The waitress had a good beer suggestion which I have since forgotten but I will be returning the next time I'm back in Madison to rediscover that long lost ale.
1	My wife and I went there earlier this evening and I can say all the comments about the service is true.  Absolutely brutal!  We were seated quickly, but after sitting at our table  for 10 minutes and not one server came by to take an order we gave up & left to find some other restaurant that valued our business. Trust me, go somewhere else.  We went to Monks across the street and received very attentive service.
5	Had a great time here on a Saturday night!  Great food, attentive server, good beer and staff very friendly.  Had the veggie flatbread pizza, the whitefish and chips, and the fried pickle appetizer.  All were excellent!  The only drawback: Beer was a little pricey.  I would definitely go again.
3	This place is for dudes.  In the nicest way, I am not into cars, bikes, wings, or sports as much as the rest of you are, and that's just fine by me.  Every time I have visited Quaker Steak and Lube, the men in my life find this place exciting; the memorabilia, the menu, the WINGS, the beer, the sauce list....  So if you're looking to take your boyfriend or hubby out for somewhere he'll like, then take him here.I've been for lunch, dinner, and bike night (Wednesday).  There's guys in jeans, dress pants, leather chaps and they all get into this place like no girl will.Wings, boneless wings, breaded wings, grilled boneless wings, saucy wings, tangy wings, thai spicy wings, bbq sweet wings, buckets of wings and wingy wings.  We had an amazing burger, something southwestern sounding with jalapeno's, slaw, black beans, cheddar cheese and sour cream.  The waiter said it was his favorite and my hubby agrees he'll be back for another one. Outside patio is nice but the smokers catch me off guard every time.Bike night is an interesting event, good live bands, lots of chrome, leather, and excellent people watching.  Don't expect to be seated or get your food right away if you're there in the midst of the event.  We waited for over 45 minutes for our food.  Hang out, drink a beer and take it all in.
5	Great wings!!!!!!!!!!! I love this place great people great food. bike night was great. Was here in  July 2011
3	If you are a car or motorcycle nut you would probably up this a star just for the ambience.  There were many motorcycles perched above the tables, hanging from the ceiling.  A little boy in the next booth asked his dad 'if one of the motorcycles fell - would we get hurt?'  I think the answer was - yes, but hopefully no one would be under them.  Well that started me thinking and I, of course, had to check out how they were mounted.  Looked pretty darn secure to me so now it was time to relax and play some buzztime NTN trivia and have a couple drinks and some appies.  Our waitress said they are known for their wings and so we tried several different sauces with the boneless chicken breast tenderloins - very healthy - well, except for a sodium overload.  We also ordered some shrimp tacos which had three pretty good size deep fried shrimp along the usual accompaniments.  Quite tasty.  I would go back if I were in the neighborhood for some fake healthy chicken wings and trivia.
5	This place was just amazing, the atmosphere was inviting with lots of car memorabilia and actual cars above you. This place is known for their wings, so I got their endless boneless wings (Thursday only). I was a huge fan of their Thai 'R' Cracker flavor as well as Louisiana Lickers. The service was kind and accommodating . As a Chicago land native I'm used to Buffalo Wild Wings...... Well no more can I eat wings there. This place was great!!!
5	First time to go here and pleasantly surprised. Great theme carried through the decor and menu. Had a great salad, excellent service from Justin. Would love to go back and try the wings, beer and burgers!
4	I've been to QSL many times since the last review; the past few visits warrant an updated review.Most recently hosted a work-sponsored party, and things were FANTASTIC.+ Very easy to reserve, plan, and arrange the event - from the General Manager to the managers to the employees - everyone was very helpful and extremely professional. Huge shout outs go to Sam, Caprice, and Ariana; they were so great to us. I can't recall the general manager's name, but he was invaluable as I was planning the event.+ Garage area was perfect for our group - private, cozy, comfortable+ Excellent selection of taps, with great happy hour prices+ The "catered" menu was superb - tasty wings and other finger foods, all presented very nicely+ Bartenders (Caprice & Ariana) were fast, friendly, and accommodating+ They allowed us to set music style/volume to whatever we wanted+ Clean-up and packing-up of the extra food was efficient and very helpfulI'm definitely a fan. If you're looking for a place to host an event - birthday party, showers, work celebrations, etc... I wouldn't hesitate to call and arrange something!
4	We're here in Middleton for Epic training and one of the guys in our group grew up near here so of course he wanted to take us to Quaker Steak and Lube. Having been moderately disappointed with the last few times I've ordered "hot" wings I was intrigued when I saw that they claimed the best wings and also had a triple atomic challenge. I was a bit suprised at the cost to attempt the challenge (13.99 for three wings and a t-shirt if you succeed) so I opted to just order their all you can eat special and maybe get a few towards the end to see what they were like. So after a few orders of variously spicy wings I ended up at the level just below the atomic. At that point we had a bit of debate at the table which ended up with my skipping the atomic and going right to triple atomic. The waitperson let me know that there was an additional charge which was fine and he provided me with a waiver to sign. With the "legal" formalities out of they way they brought out my last order of wings with the triple atomic sauce, and  they even threw in a bonus wing! With a small amount of trepidation, I sniffed the sauce for the telltale chemical odor of capsaicin extract which can give you some pretty nasty chemical burns. It seemed to be ok so while everyone stared, I dug in, carefully avoiding my lips. Finished the first and waited a bit for it to sink in... not bad! Good slow build on the burn and a LOT of complex flavors. It was apparent that whomever developed the recipe was a spicy food lover as well. I finished the rest of the wings and settled back to enjoy the endorphin rush. I even got a little bit in a togo cup for a fellow chili head back home. Wonder what TSA will have to say about that? Hope no drug sniffing dogs are injured in the the process.So thanks to the staff at the Middleton Quaker Steak and Lube for warming up this guy on a cold January night. My daughter is super excited to get the t-shirt.
5	Quaker has the best wings in Madison.A long time ago I used to be an avid BW3 person, then I was introduced to Quaker by the boyfriend (who used to work here in high school) and my life changed. LOVE this place. It is a total dude place, as the decor is car themed, but I love coming here. We always have a great time, and their specials are ever-changing. I have been here for AYCE, wing nights, and Bike nights. Each one is a unique and fun experience.We used to go to the Quaker downtown as we could walk there, but we love the wings here so much that we drive out to Middleton regularly. The sauces are always being updated, but I would definitely recommend: Parmesan garlic, Arizona ranch, and any of the dry rubs. Their ranch is DELICIOUS. And their burgers are yummy, too! I have had the mac and cheese burger (good) and the jalapeno burger (AMAZING). I suggest you try the apps, as they are always a good match to beer at the bar. Overall, we come back here again and again for the food, the sports aura, and the unique experience we have every time. Definitely recommend for a meal with family or a group of friends, especially during a Wisconsin game!
3	A good place for kids, since the interior is similar to a pit stop or garage with a car/motorcycle theme.  I guess they do well on alcohol sales, because there are 2 distinct bar areas.  I was seated in Scotty's bar area, and he had me try a fantastic pale ale.  The food is similar to Buffalo Wild Wings, if you have ever been there.  It's mostly sandwiches, salads, wraps, and chicken wings.  On a day where the temperatures hit -5 F, the hot food and prompt service were definitely appreciated.  Sit in Scotty's section if you want some local knowledge or need advice on beer!
5	Best chicken wings in the United States. I have also had the burgers here and they are also delicious but the chicken wings are the hilight of this place. There are tons of different sauce choices to chose from to extremely hot to mild. This place has great food for the entire family. The bar is also perfect this place has plenty of tap beer to chose from and also plenty of mixed drinks.  I recommend trying the leaded lube n aid this drink  contains lemonade and vodka. This place is no doubt a 5 star place. I have been here many times. Just miss Brenda our favorite waitress.
1	I just got done eating at Quaker Steak and Lube, and I was very very disappointed. I recently saw this restaurant featured on the show Man vs Food and the food looked delicious mainly the wings. I'm a big fan of wings so I ordered a few wings with some coleslaw. I didn't have time to eat there so I placed an order for pick up. I was told the food should be ready in about 15-20 minutes. I arrived to pick up my food about 15 minutes after ordering and I had to wait another 15 minutes to receive my food. Once I got my food I opened up my bag and observed the carrots and celery in little plastic bags like you would find in a 4th graders lunch. There was no utensils or napkins which I discovered when I was long gone. Once arriving home I then began with the fries. The fries were barely warm and not salted. the coleslaw didn't taste like anything and the tasted old. As for the wings they were okay at best, the wings were cold. With my hopes high for a great lunch I was let down by disappointing food.
4	Wings very tasty, wish the breading was just a bit less but, they are not greasy and very moist, steak was awesome, daughter had ribs & reported they r gr8! Dont know why the bad reviews. I plan to return. You should too! Nice selection of tap beers!
4	one of my familys favorites always excellent service been here probaly been heren15 times only had one small issue got onion when asked without but was fixed asap good wings nice variety from so hot they bring you gloves for hubby to mild for me good selection of entree from burgers and sandwich steak pasta fish taco were very good i enjoyed the ribs hubby thought they were a little too sweet good apps liked boom boom shrimp and the pretzels good kids menu kids love the little cardboard cars they come in generally around 50 dollars before tip for family of 5
4	What a clever place. Delicious and quite entertaining menu with lots to choose from. The boom boom shrimp and lube burger were a hit among our table.  My family and kids loved it, but I really see the 60 something man in his Harley stage(my dad) loving this.  Service was a bit slow but it gave us time to check out all the bikes and cars on display.
2	I had a server in training, so it was a little trying.  I came here for lunch.  I ordered the buffalo chicken salad.  It was ok, but the lettuce was wilty and since I was hungry and my server didn't come by to check on me until later I ate it.  I did tell the server and he sent the manager to me.  We talked about the meal and he offered to get me another salad.  I was on my way out and told him it was a palpable for the time for me but to make sure to check the rest in the kitchen.  I'd come back, but maybe for something they're really known for instead of something with a small taste of it.
3	Last night for Wi vs Az basketball game I had gray wings and observed great bar tending by 2 female bar tenders. One trainer and one trainee.  Would have given a 4 or 5 star rating, but went back in today for Mi vs UK and the male bar tender  was terrible. put in wrong order for my wings and pretty sure he didn't give me the correct beer.  Tried to tell him but he didn't understand.  Pretty disappointing.
4	Finally a place that has some real hot wings! Triple Atomic is awesome and will make you sweat. Reduced my rating because the beer selection could use some help. Lots of taps but not that great of selection for a town that has some really good micro-brews.
3	The staff was nice but the food was average.My wife ordered the lube burger which had a pretty nice sauce and was a good size along with a side of boneless Fiery BBQ wings which were not spicy at all (it's in the 'yellow' so she was expecting at least a tiny hint) and too heavily breaded.For some strange reason I had an overwhelming need to dip something in ranch (no this is not a common occurrence), specifically chicken tenders. Lo and behold when I opened up the menu they were advertising what appeared to be a revamped chicken tender. So away I sent the waiter with that order and a side of medium sauced buffalo wings. When the tenders came I was shocked by the teeny weeny tiny portion. It looked like a kid's meal portion so I was quite happy to have the extra wings. The quantity not withstanding, they had good flavor, were very moist as was advertised, and went well with both the Boom Boom sauce and ranch. My dunking desire was mostly satisfied.The wings were just alright. No complaints with the meat just the medium sauce once again had NO kick whatsoever. In fact, it was pretty flavorless. If I go back I will be sure to do as Emeril Lagasse advises and 'Kick it up a notch!'.
5	Awesome place to have a dinner with friends and family, great wings 2!
5	My most favorite place for wings! I love how they do the wings themselves. I prefer crispy skin over the battered grease sponge version of wings. Quaker Steak & Lube does perfectly crisp skin, and the quality of their chicken is good. Not the best quality I've had, but not bad by any means. Their sauces are tasty, but their scale of hot is a little bit off I think. Their ranch for dipping is good, but still not as good as Hooters.  I LOVE their beer sizes! At other places I have to end up ordering a few but here I can just order one huge beer! The service has always been great, prompt, thorough, and polite. The server always brings wipes right away so you don't have to ask for such an obvious thing. You get Twizzlers with the bill :)The atmosphere is quirky fun perfection. If my boyfriend and I are in town on game day, we usually go here to see the Bears. They have plenty of TVs showing a variety of games, and you can always spot someone else cheering for they same team you are!
4	I gave the Cobb salad with breaded tenders (special ordered) a try.  The salad greens were delicious.  They rectified their freshness issue.  I now have a new place to go for lunch salads!!!
2	I'm just not a fan of this place. If you go in a big group, it can be pretty fun, but for just two people it kinda blows. The food is pretty much as average as it can get. The only real appeal to coming here is the super hot wings. After you've had them all once or twice, there's just no real point in coming. If you insist on coming, come during some special. Expect it to be very loud and busy. The wait staff is a hit or miss.The mixed drinks are pretty good, so I'll give them that.
5	Great variety of choices.  Known for their wings. I think their wings are better then BWWs.  They are larger and have more sauce on them  They are sold by weight instead of quantity.
