2	Who knows how long my turd of a van is going to last so I found myself in the used tire market.  After looking online and calling these guys I decided to give them a shot.  Friendliness, knowledge and service were great at first.  I had to wait for a few people ahead of me but soon I was driving out with two front used tires in what looked to be in decent shape.  Unfortunately the tires had a pretty significant wobble to them so I called back and scheduled a time to come back and have them rebalanced, which long story short did not solve my problems, they asked me to call back every few days to see if tires my size had come in for them to swap out with my bad tires.   I am a very patient guy (and I realist, after all I purchased used tires, things can go wrong)  so I politely called back for the next few weeks to only be told that they had not received any tires that would fit my van.   I am not familiar with this industry but found it difficult that between all 3 location there wasn't two tires that would both fit my ride and NOT shake like a Polaroid picture.   Finally out of the need to make a road trip and my lack of desire to have a blow out at 80 mph in the middle of nowhere I asked them to get me some new tires in to replace the old/new tires they had sold me. They did credit me for the tires I had previously purchased but didn't give me any deals to help soften the sting of all the time I had wasted driving back and forth to their business and waiting for them to NOT fix the problem.    I ended up spending $195 on two tires (which is cheap, but they are off, off brand tires and if my van makes it 30K miles it will be a Christmas Miracle) vs. the $75 I had originally spend and I was comfortable with.   Like I say... nice, polite, knowledgeable, and hard working but if something goes wrong don't plan on any hoops being jumped through to make it right.
5	My mom was stuck on the side of the road, other tire places were closed, Costco was $100 more, and this place was right off of the exit. The customer service was great and they got me in and out on Mother's Day! I recommend this place to anyone. My sister even said, "Nicest guys ever!" And she is hard to please especially when in the local weather is 97 today. Thanks for your great service!!
1	Came into this location today. POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. I cannot say too many times, DO NOT,  DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION. I was waiting patiently to e seen, as they were a bit busy, and it walks a young, blond lady in her early twenties and a guy runs over to her and asks what she needs. I tell him, calmly, sir I was here before her, and he cuts me a look, and says I'm talking to her. I said never mind, you don't get my business, he yelled at me and said get out of my shop. Don't come back, we won't help you. Think twice. Terrible. Terrible. Terrible.
