5	Being a guy who always perfers to have service done at the dealer for convienence, loaner cars, and recourse if there are any problems, it's just too damned expensive to do a BMW Inspection II with fluid flushes. Chapman wanted over $1,200.... Bavarian did it for under $500 and let me choose which fluids would be used on the car. They are friendly people with conversational skills who seem genuinely interested in making sure that you are happy with what you got. There is no pressure to get extra services that you may or may not need, and nobody is trying to sell you things that could do more harm than good, unlike *ahem* Atwood European. I picked up my car at the end of the day as promised, and they'd put my sunscreen in my windshiled while it was parked, and the mechanic came out to help me back out of a tight parking lot. Anyone can perform an oil change and fluid flushes, but it's the little details like being honest, helpful, and pleasant that make the difference.
5	My BMW was making a strange noise a few months ago.  Took to Chapman BMW on Camelback and was told my car needed a new radiator, mechatronics sealing sleve, upper strout mounts, etc.  Total quoted was $3200 in "required repairs."  Same day I took my car to Bavarian Motors - told radiator was fine, just leak in hose. Same with sealing sleeve -- no leaking transmission fluid.  Replaced strut mounts and hoses and price was $470 -- a lot better than my $3200 price given to me at Chapman.  This has happened several other times too with Chapman where I was given very high costs for repairs only later to learn items weren't broken or needing service.
5	Screw the dealership! Bavarian is where it's at. 1/3 the cost, friendly, and BMW parts. They replaced an ignition coil for my 325 and had it done by the end of the day. I'll be getting my service done at Bavarian from now on.
5	Having just moved to the Phoenix area, and after being burnt previously buy a dealership in Portland, Or. I decided that relying on the professionalism of a BMW Dealership Service Department was not going to get me anywhere but broke and frustrated. I found Bavarian Motors here on YELP and I was not at all disappointed. Ray got me in quick and had the car ready the next day. No up sells, no hassles, a truly pleasant experience, to include the final bill. Even the folks from Enterprise Car Rental, who he set me up with, had nothing but good to say about this shop and their reputation.  As long as I am in the Valley here, Ray and his team will be the ones taking care of my 2 BEEMERS.BTW - Ray do you do Harley Davidson's too by chance?Keep up the good, honest, and friendly work !
5	I took my Mini to Bavarian Auto after being at the dealership and having a less than fantastic time there. I absolutely love the mechanics at Bavarian. They had the weird issue on my car - which turned out to be a nail stuck in the ABS - solved within an hour and were completely honest on what dealership recommendations actually needed to be taken care of right away. I have had a few other issues with my car over the past year and have been able to call them and get honest advice right away. I highly recommend this shop to anyone with a Mini or BMW!
5	I knew I was in the right place when...I spied a quote taped to the wall about the invaluable price of honesty and quality.I knew I was in the right place when...at least eight certificates of completion by their employees and owners lined the top of the office walls.I knew I was in the right place when...I saw their love of BMW's evident in the racing team they sponsor.I knew I was in the right place when...I explained my psychotic attachment to the car and Ken was kind enough to talk me through their repair procedure. I knew I was in the right place when...I was given a ride back to my house by the OWNER (30+ years) who flies around the country to learn new things about the cars he services. LOVE the flag detailing on the company (aka HIS) car!Look I'll be honest, the shop isn't sleek like a dealer's and I find that comforting.*  It means they put their efforts under the hoods of the cars they service rather than in upscale sofas, noshes and newspapers. These guys take pride in what they do. One trip and I'm in love.I will never go back to Chapman BMW on Camelback when I can have excellence, pride, quality and affordability from Ken and the team at Bavarian Motors.*For the record it's not a pig stye. it's homey and comfortable... Like a family's refrigerator with the kids' drawings and good grades on it.
5	After researching indie shops on various sites including yelp and m3forum, I decided to take my '04 M3 to Bavarian.  I had a pretty vigorous oil leak and wanted them to install a new fuel filter and emergency brake pads.  I dealt with Ray who could not have been more pleasant.  These guys really take their reputation seriously and do thorough, honest work.  They found the leaking component and called me before doing any work.  Their prices were reasonable, a fraction of what the dealer would have charged and no doubt with much better and personal customer service.  They kept me posted on progress and completed the work sooner than expected.  Ray was just terrific to work with and though I will continue to do my own regular maintenance, anything else that comes up will be done at Bavarian no doubt.  Thanks guys, I'll def recommend you on the M3/BMW on line forums as people are often asking for local indie shop recs!
5	Today was my first visit to Bavarian, and while it was just an oil change and spark plugs, these guys were quick, fair and friendly, not to mention substantially less expensive than the dealer.  I will be taking my '07 335 back as needed in the future.I realized last month it was time to walk away from the shiny showroom and free coffee after Chapman BMW on Camelback refused to complete repairs covered under the CPO warranty (thanks to their liberal definition of "normal wear and tear").  I'm glad I've found a place that will help ease the transition back into paying for maintenance and repairs.
5	Thanks ray you saved me over $1000 dollars on my clutch, well worth the visit. My m is singing to a new tune. That's for being patient on my flywheel.
3	When I first bought my pre-owned 325i I knew I would need to find a good shop that would not gouge me every time it made a strange noise, or a light came on the dash... This was shop #2 (of 3) that I tried. I knew I had a coolant leak and Ray and crew accurately assessed it by replacing EVERYTHING in the cooling department to the tune of $1,400. Ugh fine, in AZ that last thing I wanted to worry about was the stupid cooling. Now the tragedy (kinda)I drove to LA in the BMW all happy as could be, and upon arrival a nice lady drove up alongside me and said: "YOUR CAR IS LEAKING GREEN STUFF ON THE ROAD!!"(all obscenities from me omitted) After some distraught moments, and luckily having a gas station/shop 50 feet away, the tech saw that a coolant plug cap on the bottom of the radiator had come completely undone, which was very odd. After replacing the plug and refilling the coolant I was on my way. On Monday I called Ray to ask if this would be an ongoing issue. He seemingly shrugged off my concerns with a "sorry that happened" and sounded like he had more important clients to tend too. I went to this shop based on the other Yelp reviews I had seen about it, and I will be first to admit that Ray does know his stuff when it comes to cars. But overall I was somewhat disappointed with the service I was given and will be moving on to find a better fit for me.
5	I've had my 2005 R50 MINI Cooper (the non-S kind) to Ray a few times. I'd been living in a small town in Canada without a proper repair shop, so the car was suffering from some improper routine maintenance issues. Each time I thought the problem would be more severe that it actually was, and they have saved me money by doing just what needed to be done. A very small oil leak turned out to be a problem with my transmission gasket. Ray could've opened it up and charged me a lot for labor to have replaced the gasket, but he said 'hey, if it's just a small leak - a drop or two a week - and it's not getting any worse, you may as well leave it until your clutch needs replacing, because taking out the transmission is an expensive, labor-intensive job.' Although I have my own fault-code reader, he could've told me the check engine light was a faulty O2 sensor. it wasn't: it was a wire that had gotten damaged, probably from driving in deep snow. He didn't have to be honest - he could've made a lot of money off me - be he was a straight shooter, and he earned himself a return customer.I can't speak for other BMW products, but if you have a MINI that's outside its warranty, Bavarian Motors is the place to go in Phoenix.
5	After my warranty expired or non warranty issues for my 325I. I would only let Bavarian motors off of 16th St. service my car. No job to small and they always answer my calls and take my questions. Up front pricing. They honored their one year warranty when my gasket failed 11 months later. I'm always glad to see this shop get the jobs and get them done. Even if I wait to have my car serviced for minor or large issues no sweat off my back. You can leave the car there. I been a customer since 2008.
5	Huge thanks to Bavarian Motors for the fantastic job restoring my poor Mini-S. We've been long-time satisfied customers for routine maintenance and wear-out replacements, but this was a definite stretch.   The damage was extensive, yet they went to great pains to get every detail right - duplicating wherever possible the custom features originally chosen.  I love my Mini, and they understood the connection.  They worked successfully with the insurance adjuster and settlement was equitable and fast.Most of all, the kindness and concern shown for me was amazing.  Andrew went out of his way to make sure I had not been injured, and more than once comforted me with the statement, "People are what's important, not cars." I have to agree: the people at Bavarian Motors are the draw- the great service and repair grow out of their care and concern for everything they do.  My car looks magnificent and runs like a charm!Thanks guys!
5	We love Bavarian! They have serviced two of our BMWs. They always do a thorough, honest job. The car often needs less than BMW says it does. Bavarian tells you straight what is really necessary & charges a very fair price. Go to them over the dealership every time. Highly recommend them.
2	Bad Customer Service is always a sign that they really don't care that much anout doing a good job.I have been putting off maintenance on my Mini Coop a little longer than necessary, and I am anticipating alot of work being needed. So, the plan was to drop off the car after work on Friday. It just so happens while I was working on my sales route, I visited an account that happened to be rite next door to "Bavarian Motors".  Having never been there before, I decided to case out the joint and see if this was the right place for my business. Well, I am glad I did that because it is definately not.  I walked in and encountered a guy by the name of "Andy Garcia", who I believe is the owner of the Shop. He was sitting at his desk doing paperwork. When he saw me walk in, he appeared to be uninterested in talking to me. I began explaining to him my situation.Suddenly, he interupted me and scolded me for leaning against his stupid door jam."Can you not put your dirty hands allover my door jam please", he said. Surprised, I responded "What? Are you serious?"  The freaking jerk seemed to be more interested in keeping the whit paint on his door jam clean than adressing my concerns about my car. News flash buddy, you work in a mechanic shop! It is not a Dentist office!I asked him, "Do you even care about earning my business?".  "well, you are cleaner than most people who come through here", he replied.   "What?!  Are you kidding me?!?!"So, that is my 5 minute experience at "Bavarian Motors", and I assure you it will be my last. These people forget that if you work at a service shop, ocassionaly you are going to have to deal with customers. If you don't like that idea, sell your business and go work as a janitor somewhere, so you can clean door jams all day and never have to talk to strangers!
5	Honest, well-priced service! I'm so glad I found them because working with Chapman BMW is a nightmare! Bavarian even gave me instructions over the phone on how to change the battery in my keyless entry remote when Chapman wanted my vin number just to let me know if it was possible to change the battery. Thank you, Bavarian Motors!
5	I hit something on the freeway on-ramp and lost power. The second call I made was to Bavarian informing them I was coming in on a flat bed. AAA towing rocked and I eas there in no time.Andrew called and told me what the problem was and its cost. I asked if its possible to add oil change and engine mounts. We'd discussed mounts at the last visit, there was a wear mark on an pipe.I was expecting at least another day to get my car fixed. It took about 38 hours from accident time to fix plus adding in extra repairs to get my car back.And affordable for BMW!Bavarian Motors... you rock my face off!!!
5	Great shop, they absolutely know their stuff like nobodies business. Not only do they know what they are talking about, they are courteous. The customer service and knowledge shown here is a pleasant surprise in what is typically an unpleasant space (independent repair shops). Randy, is very thorough, and even speaks fluent German! Couldn't recommend enough.
