3	This is a very nice Safeway that is conveniently located.  There is not too much else to say about it.  It is a standard Safeway with the usual layout, friendly employees and an eclectic group of customers.  Plenty of parking and there is a Safeway gas station on the corner as well.
4	nice place to get grocery and gas, its a convenient neighborhood grocery store in south phx
3	clean store, good parking - decent prices too with the gas points savings is a nice bonus.
1	The worst!  I've had three bad experiences.  To make a long rant longer...I went to the store a few weeks ago and they wouldn't give me any cash back.  The cashier said they didn't have enough cash after standing in line what seemed like forever.  Ok, i can deal with it, its a grocery store not a bank.A few weeks later I went and again stood in line for a lifetime.  The cashier was nice but the food cost was too much for what i got.  I saw later that day the same item for $3 cheaper.  Ok, my fault for not bargain shopping.The last straw was a day ago.  I went to pick up a few quick items.  I wanted smoked salmon but I felt that the refrigerator the package was in was too warm.  I looked at the dial on the wall and it read over 55 degrees.  I honestly don't know if that's too warm but for me I didn't want to risk the food poisoning. That fish could kill me!  Okay I'm extreme it would have made me sicker than a homeless dog but I'm strong enough to survive.  I just don't want to have to survive my dinner.Next I stood in line again for ever and the cashier asked for my Safeway card.  I forgot it and my phone number didn't work.  I asked the cashier if I could use hers.  She looked at me if I asked if I could borrow her house and husband for the weekend. Our conversation went like this:Me:  "My phone number inset working.  My I use your (the stores) card please?"Cashier: "NO!"  Me:  "Geeze, I said please.  Can your manager enter a store number for me please?"Cashier:  "NO!"Me: to the lady behind me..."My I use your Safeway card?"Cashier:  Started yelling at the woman behind me in Spanish not to give her card to me.  She shouldn't assume I didn't know what she was saying.Me:  "Can you call your manager please?"Cashier:  "I could get fired for giving you my personal information.  I just can't steal points from Safeway.  I don't think you understand I could loose me job and its too bad you feel this way about it."I'm sorry if her day was bad but all i wanted to do was get $2 off the high priced items and eat.Me:  "I'm sorry you have to go to work and feel like your going to get fired for helping customers.  Shame on your manager for not giving you the tools to do your job and making you afraid to assist me."Finally, the woman behind me shared her card as she was shaking her head at the cashier.  I will never shop there again. I also have a $600 per week budget in grocery's for my office.  I will no longer recommend that staff person to shop at a Safeway, regardless of its location.
2	Clean store. But agree the staff is terrified to actually help you. Not worth the extra money they charge compared to Fry's. Parking is OK. But usually crowded. Wait times in line are ridiculously long. Quit scaring your employees to where they can actually help your customers! Hire more cashiers on days you know it will be busy! Ugh,
1	Not a fan of this store and it's unfortunate because I LOVE Safeway. It seems to me the items in this store aren't up to par as the other stores in Scottsdale or Chandler or even Laveen. Yet the prices are the same. I stopped in to buy my son cough meds and some other groceries and the cough meds expire in less than a month and it was 10.00, only God knows how long it's say on the shelf. Don't run in this store on your way to work to grab anything quick, the one lane open will have you late for work... Not sure if I want to stay away from safeways all together or just this one???
