5	The food at Om Restaurant is pretty darn good. I've never had Indian/Nepalese food so this was a very interesting experience for me. We came to this newly opened Indian/Nepalese fast food restaurant by accident. But once I entered the restaurant with my friends, we could smell the curry which made our mouths water.If you like spicy and flavorful food you are in luck, if not, then try their Chicken Momo's (which is Nepalese dumplings) which is just awesome. A must try!!!My friends got Hot & Spicy Chicken Wings and I'll say they are sooooo good. One of the best wings I ever had. What a great find! I cannot wait to continue exploring their menu. The food here is fabulous. Will Definitely recommend!!!!
5	My son and I went here last week for lunch.  It's great to have another Indian/Nepalese option in this side of Vegas.  This is more of a fast food establishment with adequate seating.  Good variety of both vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes.  The customer service is great and they are willing to spice up the dishes upon request.  We found some dishes a little mild for our taste but overall the price is relatively cheap and the quality is pretty good.
5	2nd visit, first time ate off the buffet and was decent. I was thinking if the food that's been sitting here all day is pretty good then I bet the items cooked to order must be great.. Sure enough was awesome. Tandoori chicken some of the best I've had! , chicken chili good, wing good. Asked i'll definitely be back for Tandori chicken and try some veggie dishes.. Place if for sure legit. Also prices are very reasonable. Def. Check it out.
5	Good fast food. Limited vegetarian dishes, but test is not bad at all. Nan and pakoras are made right in front of you.
5	As an Indian, I am rather fussy about food from my country and while I will often put up with mediocre offerings, I am very pleased to report that the food here is very authentic and delicious.Ethnic food seems to finally be making some firm inroads in the Henderson Eastern corridor.  OM is the latest addition, just south of Serene - you have to look for it, since it is set back a bit from the street.  It is a relatively small restaurant with a definite take-out setup and vibe.  The food is all laid out on a steam table and the menu choices are clearly displayed on big light boards behind the counter.  The food is on display with matching photographs on the menu boards.The basic premise is very similar to Panda Express - a side plus 2 entrees $6.99, with 3 entrees $8.99.  Sides offered are naan, white rice, pulao rice, and noodles.  As with PE, you can select a half and half combo of two different sides.Three of us ate there and between us we tried the Chicken Tikka Masala, Lamb Vindaloo and Chili Chicken which were all terrific.  On the vegetarian side of the menu, we tasted the Palak Paneer, Aloo Gobi and the Daal.  I didn't have any of the veggies, but my friends gave them all a strong thumb's up.I expect to be back there frequently, both to eat there and for take out.
5	one of the #1 best places to eat traditional indian food!!!! food is fresh and ready! naan is made fresh right in front of you... i love this place
5	OH MY GOSH! YUUUM!We went here after work today and it was so delicious! All the food is prepped and if you want it spicier they will make it to order for you!. Garlic Naan is so good. they literally make the dough when you order it and cook it in an industrial Tandoor right there for you to see.The food is delicious, the staff is super nice and friendly. I ordered a 2 entree plate with Chicken Tikka Masala as both entree's which they were more than happy to do and Basmati Rice for $6.99 this was an amazing deal!My girlfriend ordered Lam Vindaloo as both entree's and Basmati rice. You can choose rice or naan but you can also get an extra order of it on the side for $1.99 and its huge probably before being cut about the size of a small pizza plus its amazingly delicious.If you want quick, delicious, well priced indian cuisine this is the place for you! We will definitely be coming back here and I suggest you all go!
5	WOW!  Is this food AMAZING!  No lie!!  Try it out. It's some of the best India cuisine I have had and I travel all over the country.  I can't wait to come back to have some more...I may even have it for lunch tomorrow-before my flight back home!!!  :)
5	Good food, especially for Indian fast food.Better than any Indian buffet at a fancy Indian restaurant. I've tried a lot if Indian places around town and I cook Indian food and this place is yummy to me.
5	Holy shit, this place is good.  Ever wanted to eat at a place so much, that your butthole cries for mercy?Get the Naan.  By far, this is the best naan I have ever had.
5	I have to say that what's been missing from the entire Las Vegas valley was Indian fast food.  I was hoping this place would make the cut and I am glad to report that it does indeed.  It's not the best Indian food I've had but for fast food and an amazing price, this place is absolutely stellar.Must get the Naan, it is the best I've had.
5	Walking in I felt like I was back in California eating delicious cheap Indian food. They have serving trays full of items but we stuck with our usual items to compare to other places in Vegas. We ordered the chicken masala, lamb vindalo, cauliflower, samosas, garlic naan, pakora, and kofta. The kofta was my favorite. I was really impressed how much flavor it had and it was made with chicken instead of ground beef. The lamb vindalo was my next favorite. The lamb was falling apart as I was putting it on my plate which was a great sign to see that it was actually slow cooked. The sauce was on point too. Overall we had a great meal between the 4 of us, left with a couple of to-go containers and didn't spend a lot of money. I can't wait to go back and try other dishes that we missed!
4	My office decided to order takeout from here last month.  I was doing a Whole30 diet - no grains, no dairy, no legumes, no sweeteners of any kind - at the time.  I emailed the restaurant to ask if they had any meals that I could eat.  They replied promptly that they didn't, but if I gave them notice, they could prepare some of their dishes to be complaint.  I asked them to make their tandoori without dairy and they did.  They let me know when it was ready to order and when takeout day came, I got to enjoy with everyone else.  And, the tandoori was fabulous!Good food and kickass customer service make this place a win.
4	I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was.  I would defiantly be back again.  Nice variety of foods, quick easy lunch, great prices and Staff was extremely friendly!!
5	The food is amazing!  I wish the owner all the best and give them my support and hope everyone else in the neighborhood gives them a chance.  Its a small fast food place and doesn't look like much. However the quality and flavor profile the family puts out is better than some of the the overpriced fine dining places in town.  They keep there overhead low to provide great prices to there customers.  Trust me im a foodie and am highly impressed , go try it!
5	Nepalese-Indian restaurant and chaat house; halal, wholesome and delicious Himalayan bites; owned and operated by a friendly, professional, and beautiful Nepalese family; clean and casual dining; great location (next to the highway on I-215 and Eastern); will come again, and again, and again (inshallah)!
4	OM? More like NOM! Haha err..I actually haven't had Indian food since I've moved here - there just aren't that many places and they aren't cheap like the Bay Area - so when I found a place in Vegas that had curries for as little as 3.49, I couldn't pass it up.One could easily have a good meal here for around 6 dollars - an 8 ounce serving of curry and a naan or some rice. And if you go for a groupon/yelp/amazon deal, you could have meals for 2 for 3 whole days! The Amazon deal we used was a 20 for 10 deal and we got 3 different curries, 3 garlic naan, and a mango lassi and only paid about 3 dollars on top of the deal we got.While the curries here aren't the most flavorful or original, they taste (to me) pretty authentic. The naan wasn't wrapped up in the best method - they just kind of stuffed 3 into one foil, but they still tasted very good anyway.The truth is if I could just keep eating, I'd probably stuff my face with naan and curry until I burst, but then this food wouldn't be so economical...
3	This review is just from a Take-out perspective. I had a free voucher from LV Local and used it trying OM. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality and flavor of the food. We order two combo-entree's for $8.99 each and I ordered the aloo cauliflower, chicken curry, chili chicken, and naan. The naan was naan bad (not bad). Would have given them a 4-star but not all the entrees were available for the combo meal and the portions were small. I guess I'm spoiled from Panda express. Anyways I will definitely return because it's close by and inexpensive for Indian food. May give an update on review. Hope this helps.
3	I was surprised to see this fast food type Indian food place.  The food was good and at first didn't think the portions were going to be enough but was full when finished. I would return again at some point.  I prefer the buffet style Indian restaurants where you can choose your menu items and go back if desired.
4	Tried this place using my groupon. I don't live in the area so I don't know if I will be able to use all my groupons. According to the lady, I can only use one at a time. The food here is very good. It's definitely a must try if you are in the area.
4	**For take out only**My employers have a weekly "food offering"  where we have food brought in, to help raise money for a charity.I usually don't support this practice...especially since its every week..but today, there were two reasons why I tried the food they brought in from OM:1.  I'm a sucker for good Indian food, and when the restaurant was announced, I, of course, read up on Yelp and was impressed with the reviews.2.   They were actually offering Vegetarian options. (My employer has a very sad habit of offering vegetarians a ton of carbs, with no actual veggie offerings.)I'm not a vegetarian, myself, but in support of this option, I opted to try the Veggie Korma, and the Aloo Gobi.Wow.  The food was SO flavorful!  I only had a few minutes to eat on my break, but I absolutely INHALED this.  I can't wait to actually go the restaurant tot ry out the samosas, and the lamb vindaloo!  Great first impression, OM.  Well done.
5	My favorite in Las Vegas has been Mint for last 4 years. I have tried many of the other popular Indian restaurants and none of them have come closer to Mint, until last month. One of my friend recommended this location to me and said that food is cooked in front of you and the prices are reasonable. I bookmarked this location on Yelp and I finally went for it one day.Its located on a plaza by 215 and Eastern. This area is always busy with many restaurants in the location, so parking might be a small issue. The restaurant is not lavish like many other Indian restaurants, they have TV where some Indian music is played but over all its atmosphere is more like  Roberto's. The owners are Nepalese, and the food is mainly north Indian with some that have obvious Nepalese fusion to it. I always get two curries, naan and basmati rice at this location. So far I have tried Chicken Tikka Masala, Palak Panner (Spinach w/ cottage cheese, my fav.), Chilli Chicken, Chicken Karai, and their Garlic Naan. I think this restaurant has the most authentic Indian flavor of any restaurant and the food is cooked fresh in front of you. This prices are also very low compared to Taj and Mint. and its an excellent place for take out meals. When i first went to this restaurant, they were running a promotion of 20% off the entire bill for only month of March. This made the deals even more special. I also saw that they do deliveries now. I highly recommend that you stop by to try out their sampler plates (Thali) which come with 1-2 entrees and 1-3 side dishes. They also have groupon and amazon/living social deals.Overall (5/5)
3	This is like the Himalayan version of Panda Express.  You get to pick a place with two or three meats and a side.  The place is spartan and clean.  You get to watch Bollywood musicals on the TV.  That's always a plus.  The naan is perfectly cooked.  It is not hard like some places serve them.  The sauce for the various meats were tasty.  They were the right kind of spicy curry.  The meat however was tough.  It has been sitting out in the steamers for too long, I think.  Their deconstructed samosa was a bit of a mess.  It doesn't taste like how a samosa should be:  hearty with soft potatoey goodness.  It is too sweet for one.  Maybe they should call it a sweet vegetable and potato plate instead.  The mango lassi was averagely refreshing.  The Chai was made the way I like to drink them.  It was made hot, milky and full of spice.
5	This place is really good and very fresh. I don't over eat like a would at a regular Indian buffet. The employees are super friendly too.
5	I have to say wow it completely blew me away. I ordered the chicken tikka and naan today. The chicken tikka was the best chicken tikka I ever had came with bell peppers and onions with masala on it. And the naan was so good. Everything was fresh. They make it right in front of you while your waiting. I would definitely recommend this place to friends. This is my new favorite place to eat Indian food.
4	Delicious food AND great prices!I got the Thali-1 plate which includes 2 entrees and a side for $6.99. I chose the chili chicken and lamb vindaloo for my entrees and the naan for my side. I like spicy food, and these entrees are both considered "medium hot" which is why I picked them. The dishes did have a little kick to them (more so the chili chicken), but I would have preferred a little more heat. But looking past that, the flavors were spot on! The sauce for the lamb was extremely flavorful and great for soaking up with the naan. I also got a little taste from my friends' plates of the chicken tikka masala and chicken karahi, and I'd order them both in the future. Like I said, my only gripe is the spiciness. Since there aren't many dishes that are spicy here, I wish you could choose the spiciness level like many other Indian restaurants offer. Oh well! As for the atmosphere of this place, it is VERY casual. Just booths and mostly blank walls with the occasional random wall hanging. They clearly don't care about the decor, but I don't either as long as they continue to serve quality food!
4	Great little place. Speedy food, fresh taste and the Chicken Momo's (aka dumpling) are really really tasty. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for fast & yummy indian food.
5	I had a chance to try this place out and surprisingly, they offer MOMO's!  Now some of you might wonder what MOMO's are, so let me tell you, they are delicious gifts from God!  This is a Nepali/Indian fusion offering amazing food for cheap!  Highly recommended, you won't be disappointed!
4	Went in today ordered the chicken tikka and the puloa rice. The chicken tikka was tasty but a little to dry for my taste, the rice was pretty good . The next time I go in I will order the lamb and some of the items on the pre made menu. Otherwise can't complain food is cheap, place is clean!
4	Not to shabby! Pretty good food for what's known as a fast food joint.  Much healthier than other fast food alternatives! Naan was good.  Get the garlic version.  Tikka masala was way good.
5	I love Indian food and the only indian restaurant I knew of was Taj Palace around the corner. We have been going to island sushi for poke but decided to try out OM Restaurant next door. Prices are awesome. Customer service was awesome. Was very satisfied with all the food. We loved the chicken biriyani and the tandori chicken. They are a must try. Will be coming back soon!!!
4	This place was my first Indian cuisine in Las Vegas. I ordered the hot mango chicken and the lamb. The mango chicken was spicy just how I like it. The lamb was very flavorful. Food overall was excellent. I thought the portion size was a little smaller than what I am used to, living in America and all, but it was just enough. Will definitely return.
5	Great place I've never had Indian food before but I came here because a friend told me it's really good and I work near by I got butter chicks and hit mango chicken and basmati rice and samosa(like a potato egg roll lol) they were all very good the mango chicken is really spicy though so be careful haha but I will be back for sure butter chicken and the rice was my favorite
4	Very simple place.  I like that when i want Indian food i can just come in order and it would be ready with in minutes The price is fantastic and the flavors are very tasty.  It is also close to my house so thats a plus.  It is very clean on the inside and the employees are very nice.  I will be back to enjoy this great food.
3	Came in for a early dinner with the family.  We ended up with three smaller bowls of chicken and lamb and two nann bread.  Food was very good with the sauces really hitting the spot with the garlic nann.  Overall, lunch might be a better option as it appears much cheaper.  Spending 40 bucks I would expect a bit more than three little bowls of sauce and meat, as the added steamed rice for another 4.25 bummed the total to 45 bucks. A bit too expensive for what you get and where you eat it.  Would be surprised if they are around in 12 months.
4	I am giving this place a very generous 4 star, as I was thinking it was about a 3.5 star.  It is nearly a 4...Overall, I really enjoy Indian food and have had it in so many places around the world including Delhi and Bangalore.  Here is what I like:a. Fast - During lunch, most of the food in their special lunch menu is already prepared and kept warm, so getting your food is very fast.b.  Selection - Very simple and clear cut. All types of curry and spice levels that you would want.c.  The ambiance - Very utilitarian in decor, design and feeling. I don't mind it, but it is on the very inexpensive mode, unlike other restaurants.d.  The food - The most important aspect. I love lamb so we ordered the Lamb Vindaloo.  This is my second time ordering this dish.  The first order time we came here, the Lamb Vindaloo was very mild.  This second time, I asked for it to be hotter and they said it naturally was going to be anyway.   I do admit, the spice was just right and the lamb was very tasty.  The Chicken Tikka Masala was okay, not too inspiring  We also had the Alloo Goobi and this was good, So three dishes between us two.  The naan bread is darn good.  The food is generally pretty decent!e.  Service - Top notch and will help you to order what you want. Excellent service!f.  Why not 5 star? I am not sure.  Is it the paper plates?  Is it the fast foodiness style of the restaurant?  Is it the utilitarian feel or the fact that when I am there it is generally empty? Not sure.  The food here is good, the lamb I feel is awesome and I will be coming back for sure.GK says, check it out!  Oh yeah,  the prices are fantastic for the lunch menu!
2	Food itself, for the most part, ok, however the dinner prices are ridiculous. I ordered the combo option with two curries and choice if rice/naan....very small portions for almost 10 bucks. The curries were quite good though. The chicken momos ($7) seemed more like microwaved gyoza from Whole Foods than authentic momos. Overall pretty disappointed :(
5	Delicious, flavorful and a perfect blend of spices. The Chicken Biriyani is really tasty!
5	So tasty!! We had Tikka Masala, lamb Biryani and some Samosas.  Everything tasted so fresh and delicious.  We'll do this again...and again!
4	First timers here and we were not disappointed. Since we wanted to try different thing's on the menu we decided to try Thali 1 (choice of 2 entrees and a side) for $6.99.  For my entrees I got hot mango chicken, chili chicken and naan for my side. My daughter got chicken tikka malasa, veggie korma and naan. Food was fresh & delicious.  Portion size was just right and we were able to eat everything. We also got mango lassi's ...they were so yummy & refreshing! Establishment is clean and service was great.  We will definitely be back =)
4	Ordered food for delivery. Except for a bit of a wait everything was great. Portions were perfect and everything showed up warm. Will definitely be ordering from them again
1	I would love to be able to rate this restaurant, however I have come by in two separate occasions and they have been closed during their business hours. If I'm going to go eat somewhere I prefer that their hours of operation be consistent.
3	We were grabbing cigars next door and decided to nosh where it was quick and convenient. They do thali plates until 4pm so we both decided to go with a 2 entree, 1 side combo. Lamb vindaloo had decent flavor, but it definitely needed more time stewing as some of the meat pieces were soft, but most were still chewy and needed time to break down. Unfortunately, we both selected this and wish we differentiated a bit more.Chicken Tikka Masala was decent in flavor, but it fell in the middle as far as tikkas I've had in the city go. It was all breast pieces which for some people is a big plus. Paneer Saag had a slightly pronounced tamarind like flavor, but I was digging the creamy texture of this and they were generous on the paneer pieces. We picked rice as our side and ordered a side dish of garlic naan (1 large piece, cut in 4) which was crispy and well made. If you want some fast Indian food, this is probably a good choice. I'm not from this part of town so I don't think it would be something I would drive across town for. I think for the price point of the two thali and drinks, I rather go to a Indian lunch buffet for more selection.
1	Apparently they don't like to work on Saturdays.  I came here twice on Saturdays and both times they posted a sign on the door--closed.
1	Closed due to "family emergency". I would have forgiven the fact that I drove a half hour to check you guys out but now I read in your reviews that other people say you are doing this on a regular basis? Not cool! I ended up going to KFC instead and had a horrible experience there. I just gave them a 1 star review too & they earned it but I'm not about to let you off the hook either because if you honored what you said I would have never been in that situation. I would've much rather eaten here (I think). I will update this if I decide to give your restaurant another shot. I wanted to try and see if Om was as good as people have been saying. However, I'm starting to feel like it's a sign to not waste my time since Om obviously doesn't care about our business if they're not honoring their posted hours. Who wants to drive all the way over and find out they are closed? Very unprofessional... especially for a fairly new restaurant trying to establish their clientele.My advice to all... Call first before you make a special trip out.
1	I thought this was a restaurant, but apparently it's just a hobby.Drove half an hour out of my way to a sign saying they were closed "due to a family emergency." Reading through other reviews, this is not an isolated incident and apparently happens with a fair amount of frequency. We don't live in a communist country (yet)-  no one is mandating your hours. If you can't keep your own business hours, you should probably change them to something you CAN commit to.If this were a one-time thing, I'd be inclined to be sympathetic- but clearly it isn't.
