5	Came in last night with my boyfriend because he's been in excruciating jaw pain. To the point he can't talk or chew.  we came in at 10:10ish we filed out the papers in 5 minutes & waited our turn. He saw the doctor & we left around 11:30pm it wasn't a bad experience but he left happy they took his Health insurance Cigna.  He was prescribed pain killers.Update:  Going to meet the boyfriend at Hitech Dental on Rainbow. There's a huge lump & we were told to see a dentist if he did not feel better.
2	I've been here three times now. The first it was a quick in and out although the doctor was a tad perverted and began commenting on my girlfriends long tongue, I wanted to punch him in the throat. The 2nd time it took well over 2 hours to get in and out. And the third time they had her piss in a cup, and hold it in the LOBBY. One of the nurses told her to pee in the cup put it in the bag and bring it to the desk that a nurse will take it. Well she did that, and a nurse named Maria told her to sit down, wait and hold it. learn how to do your damn job maria. Shes also very rude and ignores people at the desk. Its taken us well over 2 hours to even see the doc. 4-7Pm in and out. This is no quick clinic. Go in at 1Am and it is. 4/9/14.
1	If your aim is to waste hours upon hours of your life (literally 2+) when you're very ill only to meet with a PA instead of a Dr. who insists on giving you nothing but over-the-counter meds, even after you call back and plead with him (ahem, Carlos Vasquez, PA-C), then this is the spot for you. Seriously, I've never been to a dirtier, less competent, more irksome place than Healthcare Partners Medical Group Urgent Care. I never take meds and was sick enough to really need them. This PA (who, btw, mispronounces his own name) is the least capable and sensitive person I've ever met. What a worthless facility and staff.
1	I have to write this review now because I've never seen anything like this place.  I'm here today, going on about 2 hrs, because my husband rolled his ankle on a sidewalk. This place is a zoo. I don't know if it's the only urgent care around or what, but there must have been about 20 people+ constantly sitting and/or coming through the door. The lobby is hot and stinks. Just feels so unsanitary! I had to use the restroom and that was a joyful experience as well. The lock on the door was broken and missing so you could get a nice peep show through the hole. Also there were wads of wet paper towels stuck to the walls. So disgusting. After about an hour and 1/2 we get called back. I'm not sure if a doctor or an arnp saw my husband. She didn't introduce herself. Took about 5 min to examine his foot and ordered x-rays. That was fine with us. The quicker the better. But we sat for another 30 minutes waiting for x-rays. My husband is finally getting them done now so we'll see. I can't imagine I need to say anymore then I have.  All I can say is this place is really unorganized and filthy. Not sure if the e.r is any better but it can't be any worse then this place.
1	Terrible assistance. I was there to see a rash and blister that I had and it took nearly 3 hours! 1.5 just waiting to get in, then like another 1.5 just to wait inside for the doctor. Then the word part...les than 5 minutes with the doctor! Terrible service honestly.
1	Should be no star. They need more Doctors here. More than 3 hours and still no doctor have seen my wife. What a terrible provider.
4	We came here because my wife needed a treatment for her asthma.  Must of been all this smoke filled casinos...After the PITA paper work was filled out the nurse and doctor saw us immediately and even called us a taxi.
5	My 2 year old needed to be seen on a Saturday. I brought her here and I was really nervous after reading the reviews (I couldn't find anything else open). I was really surprised at how wonderful the staff, nurses and PA was. There was a lady at the front desk disinfecting everything in the waiting room which I appreciated. They also had masks out for anyone who wanted one while waiting which is perfect for a germophobe like me lol. We waited about an hour which is nothing compared to other urgent cares and once we were taken back we were seen by the PA almost immediately. Our nurses were awesome, my daughter hates the doctors office and usually throws a huge fit but for some reason she was totally at ease here. The PA was thorough and so kind. I feel like I finally got the care we needed, especially since she was already seen by her regular doctor and had to come back not long after. I'm very thankful for their help today and I highly recommend this urgent care.
