5	Stopped by the other day to get a quick brow wax and tint. Lori is awesome and the hair stylist , Sean, is also so much fun. We had a great time chatting while I got my wax done. The eye brows turned out great. Lori also tinted them perfectly for me! Definitely will be coming back and will recommend to friends and family.
5	I've been getting my eyebrows done by Lori for well over 3 years. I highly recommend her services.  To say that i dont trust others with mine, should mean a great deal. I love her new location. Great job!
5	Lori is the best aesthetician I have ever been to and I will never go to anyone else. My eyebrows are perfect and she waxes and tints them. I may be a bit odd but eyebrows are one thing I notice on everyone and having great eyebrows are very important to me. If you want to go to the best and get a fantastic customer service experience, go to Raw Image.
5	Want your hair done the way you want then Sean at Raw Image in Scottsdale is the place to go. He's is amazing and so much fun. You can even get your eyebrows waxed there. A "must go" place. You walk out feeling beautiful.
5	Sean is amazing! He's so much fun, his work is incredible. He really takes to heart his customers satisfaction. He has never let me leave without being completely satisfied, even if it means he has to take more time to make something even more perfect. He's wonderful.
5	Sean is amazing! He's so much fun, his work is incredible. He really takes to heart his customers satisfaction. He has never let me leave without being completely satisfied, even if it means he has to take more time to make something even more perfect. He's wonderful.
5	Sean is amazing! He's so much fun, his work is incredible. He really takes to heart his customers satisfaction. He has never let me leave without being completely satisfied, even if it means he has to take more time to make something even more perfect. He's wonderful.
5	I'd been going with Lori to get my eye brows done for couple years now. I absolutely love her she does an amazing job. My eyebrows always looked on point, I recently moved to California and I still haven't been able to find someone that can do my eye brows like Lori.
5	Sean SAVED me when I had a hair disaster! He is AWESOME!! So great with cut and color... aaand not to mention he's a fun time. Lori is a HOOT! She does AMAZBROWS!! She turns my frown upside down!
5	LORI is the eyebrow queen! I have strayed for convenience ( I live in the far east valley)  and boy was I SORRY I did! Its been a week and a half and I still get compliments on my eyebrows ( I will upload pics soon) She measures your face and styles them to be PERFECTLY proportionate to your face!I love love love my eyebrows. I cannot recommend her enough, for a great shape and wax lori is your girl!.
5	I've been going to Lori for my brows for almost 2 years! What a miracle worker she is. I will never let anyone else near my eyebrows. I've been to Sean for my hair twice and was very please with the results. Plus, he's a blast! I highly recommend Raw Image for all of your beauty needs!
