4	Several weeks ago, out on a bike trip to downtown for brunch with Terry T, we saw a couple of new thrift shop had popped up in the Melrose District. While we didn't swing in at the time, I made a mental note to return. "One man's trash is another man's treasure" is prominently featured as you enter. And a kaleidoscope of items surrounds you as you make your way through the store. Be it vintage, reclaimed or a recent find, MadMaxx will probably have something to pique your interest. In most cases, there are treasures aplenty to inspire and delight; in others, it could also be said one man's trash is still trash. I ended up buying a hookah for $30 and it will need some TLC, new hoses and bowl, but otherwise will end up being a great addition to my set (this makes the third hookah I've purchased since the beginning of the year). Overall, MadMaxx's is a great addition to the eclectic blend that make the fabric of M7.Closed Monday. Open 10:30-6:30 Tues-Sat. 12-5:30 Sun.
5	We found this shop while lookin for funky places that have great, one of a kind home decor.  WOW! The best..and the prices can't be beat. Chris was working there and he was so friendly and helpful.  There was a fantastic dark green leather sofa, beautiful...for only $50. (and NOT the kind that looks like airplane seats!) We would have bought it but we can't fit it into our home.   They have vintage, antique and just plain great stuff.  I bought a metal letter for my living room and we found the best red glass light fixture.  If you want unique stuff at unbeatable prices, visit MadMaxx's for real treasures. I will definatley visit again.
5	This year for christmas I did a lot of DIY gifts, I travled down to MadMaxx's from Tempe one day with my Sister and HOLY COW talk about the most amazing collection of items...from old school coke fridge to furniture to unique trinckets, they had everything we were looking for and more.  I had to come onto Yelp and give a review, Spencer (the owner) was so helpful and extremly nice, he makes you feel like your a regular on your first vist!  I cant wait to go back to see what new treasures I can find.
