5	The owners and staff are very friendly. We had a nice sized list of ingredients and they helped us to find everything on it, going so far as to collect it for us. I had gone to 3 different stores in search of some of those ingredients. We can't wait to go back and would highly recommend the India House.
5	This place has a super friendly owner/operator and staff. My wife and I buy all of our indian spices, basmati rice, and various other items needed for indian cuisine. Every time we go to this store, the owner gives us a little something to enjoy while we shop. We have been given mangoes, indian drinks, and when we take our infant son, he gives us cookies for him. They really seem eager to please their customers. We will continue to shop here for as long as he is open. I highly recommend this shop for all of your indian inspired culinary needs!
5	This place is just great!  I have been here three times as of this review but each time I leave I am left thinking 'what a nice little shop'.  Usually the owner of the shop is there asking questions about what you're looking for. On my last visit however there was another staff member there and she was just as pleasant. I asked for samosas which they had; already cooked in the fridge.  She also showed me the frozen samosas that they carry as well; I bought a box to try!The reason that I stopped there that day was for their goat meat.  It is well priced at about $7.00 or $8.00 per pound and it cooks really well.  They also have some veggies that I have picked up on previous visits.When it was time to be rung up, the cashier gave me some sample cookies but also shared with me that the owner of this shop recently opened Minerva Indian Restaurant by Middleton.  This was a pleasant surprise as I have always had a positive experience at that place as well.There are a decent amount of specialty stores like this in the city; especially in this area.  This place will however serve as my go to as they have consistently provided great quality products and service!
2	Just went here yesterday to buy some paneer and just noticed today, while opening the package, the expiration  date for both of them was July 22 2014...I'm pretty sure that that's not legal. So if you shop at the India House may want to check the expiration before buying.
