5	Awesome place!  Dr. Remen and staff are friendly, compassionate and professional.  You know they care about the animal and the owner.  Marge, the groomer, is great.  You know your pet is in gentle hands with her.  I've been to many, many veterinary hospitals and this is by far the best!
5	I recommended this clinic to a friend who had an emergency with her dog, and she took her dog there.  I had received this recommendation from someone who found it on the web based upon a good review on another site.My friend thanked me, saying Dr. Remen was fantastic.  I plan to take my dog here when I get her next week (she is a stray rescue arriving from out of state).Also, when I called the office to inquire about appointments, home visits, euthanasia and cremation, the staff was very patient and helpful; both the front desk and the vet tech I spoke with.
5	This is a fantastic veterinary hospital and clinic.  I have frequented many veterinarians over the last 25 years, and this place ties for 1st place.  We brought our two dogs and two cats for their yearly checkups, and Dr. Remen and his staff took time to not only get to know us (we're new to the area), but to know our pets as well.  The doc has a sense of humor and is very easy to talk to.
5	I would highly recommend - I foster dogs so it seems I am always at the vet.  I love the people who work here and so do all my dogs. PLUS they are very client service focused -  Highly suggest
5	We have been going to this clinic for 13 years and have always been happy with their service.  They helped us through the old age and death of a dog we had into her 17th year.  I cannot say enough about the respect and compassion the whole office displayed during that difficult process.
5	I can't say enough about Dr. Remen and his staff.  We recently had to put down our beloved family dog, Jojo.  The sensitivity and compassion displayed by Dr. Remen and his staff completely overwhelmed us.  Desert Tails has been a wonderful clinic over the past few years and especially so when we had to make the decision to euthanize our dog.  Dr. Remen truly cares and is dedicated to his patients.  You won't be disappointed with Desert Tails Animal Clinic.
5	I have been visiting the vets at this location for 22 years. Previously it was Hayden North Animal clinic. I'm glad I stuck with it until Dr Remen came, change the name & started his business. I can't say enough about Dr Remen. He takes great interest in all of the pets that see him, it appears. He always gets on the floor with my dogs and pets and talks with them prior to starting any discussion with me. Our dogs love him too.His office has seen us thru the loss of 3 pets and they were all unbelievably caring and compassionate. Dr Remen is actively involved in at least 1 rescue group that I know of. I truly feel that, especially professionals that find time to volunteer their time, are special people.
