4	Sweet little place on Rachel that I went to for a bizniss lunch one day. Alexia and I talked seriously about Augusto Boal and theatre in Montreal while munching on the various tiny cute offerings of the lunch buffet.Small but staked with 2 kinds of soup: miso and sweet and sour. I had the miso - well made tasty broth filled with tiny tofu cubes and sprouts. Alexia went straight for the buffet mains and I kept looking enviously at her plate filled with sushi, tempura sweet potato, stir-fried veggies and hot and cold noodle dishes. I went up and asked if the batter used on the tempura had eggs and was assured that everything on the lunch buffet is totally vegan. Neat! I had slices of pineapple for desert.This place might not be the most outstandously scrumptious dining experience, but whatev. It's a really cheep buffet that's got yumps in spade and is super close to St Denis theatre and shopping action. Check it out!
4	Discovered this place with my mom, it will definitely be one of our favorites! 100% vegetarian, awesome service, and close to my mother's house, not too expensive as well.
4	A nice vegetarian place serving good Asian cuisine, honest and not pretentious. A good place to go.
5	Great vegetarian/vegan restaurant!! A must try, and a shame it's not more crowded! I came with 2 friends and we ordered a massive full of plates...ohwell, it was totally worth it. We ordered fried dumplings, sweet potato fries with home powder, kappa rolls, curry bun, wontons with chili oil, pumpkin hot pot and 2 other dishes my friends ordered as well but I unfortunately do not remember the names.The sweet potato fries are to DIE for, they are really sweet which surprised me as to why it was in the appetizer section. Should have been in the dessert area! The kappa rolls tasted really amazing...best kappa rolls ever. My friend and I suspected it wasn't sushi rice but another. My pumpkin hot pot was delicious, the broth was simply amazing. It came with veggie ham, tofu, veggies etc. YUM. I give this place 5 stars for its amazing food but also amazing service. The waitress was very honest to us, suggesting we order only one serving of rice instead of two. She said it was better to order another one only after we feel like we're still hungry. Why did this surprise me? I feel most waiters would push to make the bill higher by encouraging 2 bowls of rice for 2 people. Really, this place needs more recognition because it's quite good!!
3	I only eat at vegetarian restaurants once in a blue moon being a huge meat fan myself and believing in a balanced diet of meat, starch, and vegetable. I came here on Saturday night for a friend's birthday dinner with his mutual friends. Wasn't crazy about eating at a veggie place but he's a vegetarian, it's what he wanted and I wasn't going to complain. It's a nice little place but this night, it became relatively busy and yet there was still only one server the entire time I was there. She was sweet and nice but service was very slow. My soup was good and my Chow Mein was alright but was hard in some places, like the noodles had been left out for a few hours. Food left a not unbearable but unwanted aftertaste in my mouth. No real incentive to come back.
2	So much deep fried food,what you leave out to ensure "healthful" eating,you'll more than make up for in grease. Sort of defeats the purpose of "health food",I would think. The hot & sour soup smelled wonderful,so I ordered it, it just tasted sour. The General Tao tofu was neither spicy nor sweet, and the tofu mushy. Service was very polite but slow,as there is only one server on staff. It was a very muggy day as well, and we were sweating buckets as there is NO AC. Overall;no biggie, and I was not impressed.
5	Don't let the awkward clinical name scare you - get the crispy wheat chunks in black pepper sauce. They're so good my wife and I had to order a second plate!
4	Came here with a vegetarian friend who has major allergies to an array of ingredients. The server was very helpful and patient in trying to accommodate her. I had the vegetable noodle soup, which was huge and filling, full of good veggies (including a chunk of corn cob). I would definitely return.
2	I don't get what the fuss is about, and I am disappointed in the previous reviewers for steering us here. My partner is vegetarian and I am mostly vegetarian, and we needed some yummy veg food in the sea of smoked meat and poutine that is Montreal. We came here based on these reviews and left scratching our heads.We had the asparagus rolls, which are like sushi without rice. They were perfectly *fine* but absolutely nothing special and nothing worth $8.50. We also had the dumplings. Again, totally fine but not worth the $8 or so cost. Nothing at all special. We had the highly recommended wheat chunks in pepper sauce, and it straddled the line between boring, creepy, and gross. I could barely taste the pepper too. And we had a sticky bun, the curry one. That was maybe the one decent thing that was unique and special and worth its price tag. We laid down a lot of dough on these 4 items only to be mostly disappointed. The place is cute, and the owners/servers seem sweet, but they really need to step up their game to be special.
