4	So happy I found this place! So I have been looking for a good dry cleaner for a while here after finally having ENOUGH with prestige cleaners and their overpriced, under-served customers.Clearly this place has a few locations, and isn't a mom and pop shop, but here are the facts:-Open Sundays (huge!!!)-Open 7am-8pm weekdays (also huge!)-Same day turnaround-Reasonably PricedMy new thing is taking my dress shirts here right before I travel and ask them to fold (instead of hang)... This way I get all my dress shirts army style folded, wrapped in plastic, packed into a nice box and ready to be packed... Makes packing SO MUCH EASIER.... If you travel alot, I suggest this, it's always important to look fresh ;) !
2	Very disappointed! $13.00 for a dress and that is with the 35% coupon, Didn't do a good job on it anyway. I do not recommend this place the other items were wrinkled as well .
1	Horrible! I would score with no stars if there was such an option. This store ruined a $200+ silk shirt that is dry clean only.  This shirt has been dry cleaned once before (by a different dry cleaner) and was handled with care.  After the trip to D'elia's, the sleeves were totally ruined and tiny holes were punctured in the fabric.  (It looked as though it had been caught in a machine.)  After bringing the blouse to the store to report the issue, I received a letter in the mail from "Anthony D'elia" with an insert from the "International Fabric Institute" explaining why my fabric now looks the way that it does.  The note said I can pick up my damaged shirt at my D'elia's location.  Absolutely condescending.  The bottom line is that I brought in a shirt for cleaning and when I picked it up it was in a condition that was no longer wearable. As an aside, I mentioned this experience at my firm and one of colleagues chimed in that she used a different D'elia's location to have a designer evening gown cleaned following a black tie event and they damaged her gown as well.  She received a similar note.  What a joke.
1	I took a hood rain jacket in to be cleaned.   When I went to pick it up they charged me for two pieces.  They unbuttoned the hood and  charged me for it separately.  When I complained they said it was the only way they can get it back from their cleaner.  The clerk was totally unsympathetic and clearly knows nothing about customer service.I am a member of their so called Value Club.  The Value Club only brings prices down the their competitions level.  I will never use them again   I found this tactic appalling and outrageous.
3	I only utilize Delia's for shirts and not dry cleaning. My only issue is that the high school help seems somewhat incapable of correctly applying coupon discounts.And oddly they seem to do it by using a desk calculator. One might think that a modern cash register would handle this task.
