5	This place is under-advertised and over-visited.  They're open for breakfast at 7am but they close after lunch at 2pm, so come early.  The menu us huge and the same people have been working there forever.  The food is fresh and the staff is friendly.  Service is super-fast.  When you walk in look for a laminated menu (there's not one on the wall behind the counter.)My favorite sub is the #49 with turkey, avocado, bacon, tomato, and sprouts.This is a perfect spot to grab a quick lunch.
1	One of my coworkers came up with the idea of paying this place a visit for lunch--and it turned out to be one of my more memorable lunches in at least the last week.  There is much that is unique about this place, enough to guarantee that you will never forget it.The first characteristic that struck me as interesting or different was its curious location in what appears to be a typical office building.  It's not in a shopping center, or standalone building--it's in an office building.  This alone isn't enough to set it apart from other sub shops, however.Even more curious is that distinct smell that hits you when you first walk in.  I'm not sure if it's old meat, or asbestos, or what, but the procurators of this wonderful place have come up with the brilliant idea of deviating from such typical sandwich shop smells as freshly chopped lettuce or garlic or what have you.If they're not already different enough, they decided to make an incredibly daring move--don't put the sandwich menu up on the wall, but instead keep it to a single sheet of paper.  Why did they do this?  Possibly because the menu has somewhere on the order of 50 or 60 different choices of sandwiches--for example, the #40, "Hot Pastrami, melted Swiss, sauerkraut, and thousand island dressing" (which most of us simply refer to as the "Reuben"), and the #41, "Hot Pastrami, melted Swiss, and thousand island dressing."  Yes, they felt it necessary to make each available permutation of each basic sandwich a separate menu item.  This is great because you can then make it a highly-entertaining game of finding your sandwich!  It's like an adventure in itself!The next interesting part about a meal at Luv-A-Sub is the food itself (amazingly enough, there is nothing all that distinct about the payment process!).  I ordered the #30, "Roast Beef, Prosciutto, Swiss Cheese, Bell Peppers, and Mushrooms."  My first observation when trying to pick up this sandwich is that the sandwich was incredibly hot, but the bread still managed to be decidedly non-crispy.  Interesting!  Even more crazy, however, is that the mushrooms--which certainly had the appearance of having been cooked--were still cold!  How did they do that!  Between the obviously-canned mushrooms and high-in-sodium roast beef, it certainly was a distinct sandwich, with a taste the likes of which I had never experienced up till now.The last odd curiousity we noticed--which absolutely cements Luv-A-Sub's position as the most unique sandwich shop in the US--is the drink pricing system.  One of my coworkers--who wasn't as wise as I in getting his drink without ice, and as a result ended up getting mostly ice--decided to ask for a refill.  They were more than willing to oblige, provided he pay them $.25.  They charge for refills--fair enough--so he decided to ask for a cup of water instead.  He found that--wait for it--a cup of water costs $.25!  Amazing!  What an incredibly interesting and novel idea on their part.  Now they'll almost guarantee that they don't get repeat business!So, if what you want is an exciting, interesting experience with an ambience unlike anything you've seen, by all means, try this place out.  But it's not for everybody--if you're one of those narrow-minded people who like a boring clean-smelling place with *typical* fresh-tasting food, it's probably not for you.
5	Before I moved out of town a few months ago I was at Luv a Sub at least three times a week over the past few years. This place is great! Almost makes me wish I never left town.To keep it short and sweet, this restaurant is fast, friendly, cheap, and clean. Restaurants that fulfill all of these requirements are few and far between these days. Take advantage of it if you are nearby!
1	Went here once for lunch at the suggestion of a friend from work.  he is no longer my friend.  I've got nothing, it was awful, just awful.  I love the fact that you also get hosed a nice "fee" for using your debit card for any purchase.  Great way to keep them coming back, nickel and dime the piss out of your customers.  The drink refill policy there is a joke.  I'd like to give them an "A" for effort, but they lost me with the craptastic debit card fee and communist-style drink refill pricing, they will receive an overwhelming "F" rating from me.  Change that and I might give ya another shot there, Stalin.
5	Update: I was back in the area again today (on my way to pick a friend up from the airport) so I stopped in and I was pleased to find out that nothing has changed. Still great food and service, and low prices. They even remembered who I was and asked how I've been, despite the fact that I haven't been a customer in over a year (I moved out of state, then back, and now I'm working across town). I still highly recommend this place!
3	Luv A Sub is an unconventional little sub shop in the middle of an inconspicuous office park. The location can throw you off a little bit, because it really doesn't seem to belong. However, it's a good thing it's there because it's one of the few non-burger/fries joints in this particular stretch of Phoenix.The food here is pretty decent. I've had three or four different subs here and they've all been tasty. Nothing mind-blowing, but certainly appealing to the gut. The food is pretty affordable, provided you stick with just a sub and get your drink and side elsewhere. Their menu, as has been mentioned in other reviews, is pretty extensive but unnecessarily so. They'd be better off presenting the customer with a handful of distinct sandwiches and then listing all of their toppings. They literally break out each variant of a particular sub and list it as a separate menu item, which ends up just being kind of overwhelming.The people that work here are very friendly and the service is brisk, making this a hassle-free lunch stop for the businessperson on the go.
3	I work really close so I stop in every few weeks. It's standard sub-fare but not great. Nothing special. Service is always fast and the girl who works the counter is friendly and efficient. Ifs a family run place with mom, dad, and daughter (I assume). Dad is never friendly...I usually just get a blank stare from him. I usually get the #48, turkey, ham, bacon. They offer white or whole wheat bread but I usually get the white even  though I'd prefer whole wheat. But I avoid it because the ww bread is always stale.It is what it is and I'll keep going.
3	II've worked in the area for 9 years. In the last 5 I would say I have eaten here maybe 10-20 times. Why 3 stars if I keep going back?  If you know the area you know that within a 2 mile radius is  Jack in the Box, McDonalds, Burger King, Whataburger, Pizza Hut, Panda Express (keep going, you get it?) It's close to the office which is convienient for days you dont have allot of time for lunch. Soups are usually good. They changed their bacon which I admit I rarely go now. I used to like the turkey bacon on white sub roll, but with the new micro-bacon, it is not as good. The chicken salad is decent. Prices are fair and reasonable. Which the meat was a little less see thru, but again as said, if you dont want drive thru and have less than 20 mins, this place is perfect.
3	Well it's not amazing and the owner isn't the most cheerful fella, but it is fresh, fast, and a good value. I've come back dozens of times when I could easily go elsewhere so it must have something that keeps me coming. Maybe the historical significance of being served by Benjamin Franklin...you'll see.
2	I wish I had read the review recommending to avoid the stale wheat bread before I ordered.  It was stale. Mushrooms were canned. Did not like getting hit with the $0.35 credit card fee but the prices were reasonable to start with. I had a hearty and warm and salty sandwich that will keep me going all afternoon at work. Food was delivered fast. It's an OK stop if you don't have much time for lunch.
2	Service is friendly and fast.  I was in and out of there in less than 10 minutes even after being 4th  in line to order.  It's very clean.  But my sandwich was just ok.  Hard to eat.  Lettuce and onions are oddly chopped together in chunks that keep falling out of the sandwich.  The wheat roll was hard and chewy.  If you are going to make a great sandwich, you need fresh bread.  It's kind of a no-brainer.  The fact that someone else pointed out the stale wheat bread in a review from 3 years ago makes it pretty clear that they don't really strive for greatness.Also BRING CASH.  There is a 35 cent additional fee for cards.
5	Located just south of the airport, right down the street from Blue Sky parking. A friend suggested I stop in before I dropped off my car at Blue Sky because the food would be made quick and would be a lot cheaper than at the airport. Plus I like to avoid greasy foods or foods that might upset my stomach before I fly, so I knew a sandwich would be a safe bet. My friend was right on both counts. (And I was right about the food not upsetting my stomach! Hah.) Anyways the food was tasty and I felt like I got a good bang for my buck. I checked Yelp before my visit and despite all of the comments about "stale" wheat bread I tried it anyways. I was pleasantly surprised as mine was not stale at all. I'm not afraid of a carb, and I eat bread everywhere I go. From my experience (as a consumer and as an occasional home baker) wheat bread isn't going to be as soft as white, but that doesn't mean it is stale. It could just mean that it was over baked, or possibly tough due to a measurement of an ingredient being slightly off. I asked where they get their bread from and I was told that a local Italian bakery delivers it early every morning. (UGH Sorry I can't remember the name, but it was very Italian-y!) Obviously local bakeries don't use the preservatives that big chains do, so that could be why the texture is off to some people .My only gripe was actually about the parking lot. The lot itself is kind of awkward to maneuver, and there were quite a few big trucks around, so just be on your toes when you pull in. It's not always easy to see cars coming around the turns.
5	This place makes awesome soups & chili. I also love the fact that they customize my order to what I want. The turkey sandwich is great, the salads are yummy and the service is FAST. I highly recommend Luv a Sub to everyone!!!
