4	On-time.  Good customer service. Knowledgeable technician.  Annual maintenance plan for $50 for two visits per year - Spring and Fall - is an excellent deal.  I will recommend this company to my friends.
4	Amazing service and friendly staff! They did a great job with detecting the problem and fixing it for me at my house. Thank you!
5	A friend recommended this company as they had given her great service and also a friend of her's used them as well.  I wanted to finally replace my ancient AC and had been saving up for quite awhile.  It is a scary proposition to blindly hand some company a lot of money and hope the unit you get is sufficient and that you get your moneys worth.  I collected 4 bids.  Some companies that are reviewed highly on Yelp just wanted to tell me on the phone "for what you want, it would be about 7K and if I wanted they could come out and give you a more accurate bid".  At that point I crossed them off of my list because they obviously don't get it, that was exactly what I was calling for was a bid for a new AC.  They were just too lazy and didn't seem to need my business.Alan from Elite came out to give me a bid.  He was professional and took his time explaining everything I asked about.  He had just came from the Trane factory in Texas so he had a wealth of information and really endorsed the product he was selling.I asked my girlfriend about Trane AC units as her brother has been in AC forever in Denver.  He told her to tell me that they are the Cadillac of AC units and if I could get one for what Elite was selling it for get it, i would not be sorry!The guy from Elite who makes the outside duct work came over and did measurements on the roof and within 36 hours there was a new AC unit up there.  The install team was totally professional, timely and polite.  Here at 9am done by 1130am, wow! They cleaned up after themselves as you should expect.They did a follow up appointment to double check the install/ unit a couple of weeks later and a free duct cleaning.  Both of those service men were also professional.I haven't had any issues making appointments they are available and the secretaries have been polite.As you can see I have nothing but positive comments regarding Elite.  I love my new unit it is quiet and I honestly can't wait for the heat to see how much my bill is going to drop since I got rid of that antique AC!Thanks Elite!
5	I called ELITE around 8pm on a Monday night,  amazingly someone actually answered the phone and was very polite and told me that they could have a technician out to my home  with in a hour of me calling. The technician arrived earlier than I expected. He was very kind for wearing show covers and very knowledgable. He was able to get my ac working the same night by changing out a part that was only $100. knowing I have a 14 year old ac unit he didn't once touch on the subject of replacement, for the first time in years of having different service companies to my house I felt comfortable with elite and would recommend them to all my closest friends and family. Thank you elite for being so efficient.
1	They showed up late. The dispatch would not send anybody till my mom calls to say it is fine to send somebody (I am adult). They finally showed up but the Plumier hurt his back and would not install my toilet and did not have the part for my leaking sink.  I rescheduled and they canceled me because someone had an emergency. So now my new toilet is in a box at the bottom of the stairs and my sink is still leaking.  They are a comepleat wast of time, find someone else.
5	Since finding this company with service advisor a few years ago they are my go to company for the hvac  and plumbing on my 46 year old home in McNeil. They come when they say they will, know their stuff and are very reasonable. Always clean, professional and friendly. My unit was installed by a joker who disappeared and never installed the 14 Seer unit correctly given the computer boards in the unit. Have met two A/c guys over the years from Elite who were equally great. My old house has had a lot of pipe breaks and pinhole leaks outside and various plumbing problems inside. Pete is their plumber and he is the best...I actually enjoy his company. Talk about professional....He is busy though, but worth the wait if you can. My garbage disposal just broke and I have scheduled for him to come and do the install and made me think to write about them for yelp. I think this will be Pete's fourth or fifth visit to my house.  Saving me time and hassle and I know things will be done correctly. A good friend used Elite for his rental air conditioning replacement as well as service on a broken unit. He had shopped around and got a runaround with other companies and was very satisfied and got a good price for good work and product with Elite. He appreciated the referral for Elite. I think there are well known firms in the valley that rip people off in this field as well as plumbing,  as well as schlock work at cheaper prices by fly-by-night characters. Elite does great reliable work at a good price in both Ac/heating and plumbing.
5	Second year in a row for annual HVAC check up... on time again. Awesome customer service. Tech was friendly and knowledgeable about my furnace. Answered a question I had about my AC compressor.  I am impressed.
1	DON'T BUY THE COUPON - They won't honor it! I got the name of Elite from Yelp, and called to get an HVAC system repaired. I also purchased a coupon from Yelp - basically $200 worth of services for $155. Not a significant amount of money but worth doing when you've got a system you know needs work.  I authorized them to do the work and then they ran my credit card (without showing me an invoice) for the full amount. They have thus far refused to honor the coupon. As I'm understanding it, if you give them a coupon they will simply jack up the cost of the bid to cover the coupon. That obviously wasn't what I expected. Sad because I have a lot of homes and am looking to build a relationship with a new AC company. This isn't a company I would trust.
5	Called because I was gathering estimates to replace my older systems.  Had 2 other estimates already.  They were prompt and called before they were on their way.  The technician they sent over explained everything to me from my existing system to the new energy efficient TRANE system they were proposing.  He went into the attic and outside to gather all information and went over the entire process.  Their prices are the most competitive.  They are a locally owned business.They are definitely the best AC company in town.  We have used a few companies before, but none as good as these guys!  Needless to say, we installed 2 TRANE 5 ton systems with them!  They installed both systems in one day.  These guys don't fool around.  After they were done, I went into the attic to check how it looked and was amazed.  It was so clean in there, they even cleaned up the old ductwork and old parts left laying around from a previous company.  On top of that, they are going to do the maintenance on them for the next year!  After the install was completed and new thermostats installed, they made sure I knew how to operate the new wifi enabled thermostats!  I can control them from my iphone anywhere.  Soooo cool! Thanks Elite, their plumber will be coming to our house next.These guys rock!  You won't be disappointed.  Thanks again Elite!
5	Since my wife purchased a home back in 2011, we've had multiple issues with our AC unit..recently our upstairs ac unit broke on us and Ken was helpful as always to come out and fix the issue.  Price to warranty ratio compared to others is unbeatable.  Been using Elite AC since our first problems and haven't used others yet because the prices are reasonable, and the workers are knowledgeable with what they do..good job Elite, I'd definitely recommend you to others.
1	I hate companies that rip off seniors, especially when I am one of them.  Elite was on my hoa's list of approved vendors so when my ac stopped working, I called them.  They came more than an hour early while I was still in the shower.  The guy replaced two "relay switches" at $140 each.  He told me I needed a new condenser because mine was almost 15 yrs old and needed replacement.  He suggested the new version for $7800 because freeon would no longer be available for my ac unit.  The ac worked for 12 hours and went out again.  When he returned, he almost convinced me to purchase the new system but then I called my son in another state who is familiar with ac systems.  They spoke, the serviceman cleaned out a hose, charged me another $100 for the return visit and my ac has been working ever since with no problem.  Had he not spoken with my son I know I would have been duped out of several thousand dollars.  BTW, this company is no longer on our list of preferred vendors.
