1	Extremely rude service not only on the phone but in person at this location. DO NOT RECOMMEND. Was told on phone that there was a 45 minute wait and I could get my blood drawn and I drove to this location and the door was locked and women wouldn't speak to me through the door and just yelled "WE CAN"T HELP YOU WE ARE CLOSED." I guess I showed up a few minutes past them closing even though they were treating patients still. The woman wasn't even willing to speak to me like a human in order to answer my questions or apologize for giving me incorrect information. I stayed outside shocked by this behavior. Not only was I given incorrect information on the phone, but I was treated horribly. I am going to switch my lab needs to LAB CORP. It is probably a blessing in disguise as who knows if getting blood drawn is safe here with the angry people they have working there.
4	Interesting.  I guess different strokes for different folks.  I brought my daughter here a few days ago for bloodwork and everything seemed fine.  Since it was summertime and I'm a teacher, getting in here in the middle of the day was a piece of cake.  We sat and waited for about ten minutes and we were called in--no problems.  The attitude here is VERY casual, but friendly.  The phlebotomist (her name was Bev) did a really good job.I had no issues here, but I am mindful of the other reviews here.  I'll try this place again another time and see how I fare. . .
5	I have only had good experiences at this location.  I went once in the morning with a scheduled appointment for an extensive fasting blood draw.  I waited fewer than five minutes in the waiting room and was happy to have a friendly, professional tech do my blood draw.  There were quite a few people in the waiting room, clearly mornings are busy for fasting draws.  Just make an appointment and you shouldn't have a problem!  I just went again this afternoon for a simple blood draw.  I didn't make an appointment, just walked in around 3:45 in the afternoon.  There were only three people in the waiting room.  I got a different tech, he was also friendly and professional.  I was out the door in under ten minutes.  Both times, the techs found my vein on the first try with no trouble.  Can't ask for much more than friendly staff and quick, efficient service!
1	Terrible Billing Dept!!!! They lost my lousy $6.58 payment and put me through Hell trying to prove it was paid - Total IDIOTS
1	Beware Sonora Quest billing department! I do not use this word lightly, but I can safely say that I HATE Sonora Quest. I tried to use their online system to pay a bill for myself and one for my child. Their system somehow ran the charge though FIFTEEN times, maxing out our HSA card, and still not paying the bill. After countless phone conversations with them and our HSA card company, it was determined that our HSA company should send them a check, which they did. I called back to ensure that they received the check, and they told me they did. That was in December. Then yesterday (this is now May) I got a notice from a Debt Collection company for $3.53. I called Sonora Quest, and after digging through our account, turns out they failed to apply the $3.53 to my son's bill because my HSA company did not put two Accession numbers on the check! They refunded our card $3.53, then according to them sent us SIX notices for that amount, but we haven't received even one thing (I flat out called them liars), and sent it to Collections. The woman on the phone tried to blame me for not getting my HSA company to put two accession numbers on the check, blame the HSA company for not putting two accession numbers, ludicrous!!! I stayed on the phone until I got her to accept accountability and apologize. A good company recognizes when they make a mistake, accepts accountability and apologizes. They don't try to blame everyone else. Ultimately she admitted that their billing department should have cross referenced our accounts to see if the $3.53 was part of our charges. Ya think??????
1	The billing services for Sonora Quest are the worst ever.  They seem unable to just look up my account. I paid online but obviously it was somehow not recorded.  I call the billing number listed and they want some type of number that I do not have but the pre-recorded voice does not allow me to get assistance.  Then I finally get through to a line and they are closed from noon to 1p.  DO YOU WANT MY FREAKING MONEY OR NOT????  WHAT A JOKE.  NOT GOING BACK just because of the hassle factor.  The phlebotomists and service at the centers are great, but obviously the billing department leadership does not have a clue.
5	I have a daughter who was very worried about getting her blood drawn as she suffers from panic attacks. The Tempe office was fabulous -Shannon at the front desk extremely helpful and Carlos the person who drew her blood turned out the be the angel we needed to get the task accomplished.I wanted to thank the whole team for being gracious, friendly, professional and helpful - I highly recommend this lab - it has a great team of people, you feel it when you are in there, they really work together and it puts one at ease
1	I give this place 1 star and would give it zero if I could. Slow. Almost like no one is working here! The lady next to me has been waiting over 2 hours. I am here w my mom and if I would have known the wait was this long I would have taken her to the one on Earl dr in Scottsdale. They are much more on the ball and friendly there. Stay away from this location at all costs. They are short and rude here too
1	I got a bill from this company saying I owed them $374.  I told them I did not authorize lab services nor speak with anyone at Senora and if they would send me something I authorized I would be glad to pay it.  i was told they do  not need to have my authorization as my doctor ordered it and now I have to pay it. I told the Senora Quest bill collector I had made arrangements to pay my doctor to pay with Care Credit and there was no additional cash billings mentioned ...he told me Senora does not take Care Credit. But senior to that...  I did not want to pay some company I did not speak with or authorize payment to.  They could not come up with any authorization from me so I have not paid till I see one.  Senora decided to screw my credit which is in my opinion tentamount to extortion and which has now resulted in my inability to get a loan. I don't like it.  John Jones
1	If you need a fasting blood drawn you need to come in the morning, but don't come here. I signed in at 7:30 and had my blood drawn at 9:20, 1 hour and 50 minutes later. This place is ridiculously inefficient. 35 people were in line when they opened at 7:30 and they have three phlebotomists.  One of the phlebotomists only took the scheduled clients and one of the others was doing biometric work for a drug study - that pays better than my routine BC/BS blood tests. That left one person for the rest of us and this person had a student shadowing her so she had to explain everything to the student.They have two, sometimes three, people at the reception desk; not a pleasant personality in any one of them. The noise level in the waiting room was a subdued conversational level but every once in a while one of the receptionists would shout out a name that shocked all of us since it could be heard in the parking lot. It got to be a joke amongst those of us waiting wondering how we would react when our name was called.Do yourself a favor, find some other provider. I will next time.
3	Tried to come twice before today and it was over a 2 hour wait since I had been fasting I choose not to stay I tried to make an appt on line and they were booked two weeks out at all locations, I came this morning and got here 30 min before they opened and was 3rd in line. They were  efficient on checking ppl in I was out by 740
