2	First, my fajitas came out long before any other food. The chicken in the fajitas was sauteed, not grilled or even marinated. Normally, fajitas come with a few tortillas and a separate dish with a selection of goodies that may include cheese and salsa or guacamole. But none arrived. And then the skillet started cooling. I thought they'd bring over tortillas and fixings fairly soon, not to mention my wife's food. No dice. By this time, I was already picking at the flavorless chicken. After a while, my wife's quesadilla arrived, and the waitress finally brought me a plate.  I tried explaining to the waitress that my dish was missing tortillas, and she emerged a few minutes later with fresh corn tortillas. But no other fixings. I asked the waitress if the dish came with cheese, so she brought me a salsa bowl filled with freshly grated cheese. There was a small language barrier, so I didn't try to bargain for any more "fixings". Unless I was confused about how to serve fajitas, it was apparent that neither the cook nor the wait staff were well acquainted with them. Oh well. Probably will not return. My wife's quesadilla was ok.
1	Okay so where do I begin.  It was sooooo gross that I have a hard time looking at lettuce any more.  They didn't drain it it leeked into my rice, beans and Enchiladas.. I had to use a napkin to to drain the water becuase i did not dare send it back.  Now the Enchiladas couldn't even called enchiladas.  They had no enchilada sauce and they were greasy... the flautas someone else had were just harden greasy tortilla. NOTHING had flavor.  Ugh I will never go back.
4	I have eaten here many times, both take-out and in.  It is next door to a delightful, full-bore Mexican grocer and butcher (also named Guanajuato).  My meal tonight was excellent - - a chile relleno / pastor tostada / lengua taco combo with rice and beans that is what you WANT in Mexican food:  flavorful (aromatic corn tortillas, richness in the sauces, simmering flavors, great balance all around) for $9.75.   Seriously - - even the most popular Mexican places in Madison do not approach the sumptiousness and complete spectrum of flavors presented here.  The kitchen is laudable.  They use flavorful accents, they reach beyond looks-good monotony (all TOO common at Mex and Tex-Mex places), they produce savory meals.That said,  the feng-shui is horrendous.   The noise (a mix of blaring TV's, background radio, and a cooling unit for the salsa bar that chirps loudly like a crazed bird) , and the spartan tables that contrast with the nice window curtains and the Virgin of Guadalupe painting that contrast with the stacks of child seats that contrast with the blaring parking lot southern-exposure brightness that contrasts with the uniform interior darkness - - it is a bit of a strange place to sit and have a meal.But the meals are delicious.   The salsa bar is another contrast in wonder.   The many salsas are all interesting, and, when combined, make for particularly unique tasty/spicy dips (particularly if you allow the liquid to drain from the more veggi-fied salsas).  Still, some of the salsas LOOK overly soupy, or creamy - - another jarring contrast between appearances and flavor, that might not be totally feng-shui, gastronomically speaking.But for flavor, Taqueria Guanajuato is rock solid quality,  strong ingredients,  super competent kitchen, myriad flavors, and wonderful combos (putting many local places to shame).   The main downside is that curiousities in the ambiance, and other little details, sometimes changes perceptions for people, and makes them appreciate the food less.  I keep going back, though typically after a couple Belgian beers at the Monroe Street Bistro, a ways up the street.
5	I gotta say that it's hard to find authentic Mexican food in Madison, or in midwest in general. Most ethnic restaurants here are forced to adapt to American liking, i.e. salty meat, over-powering sauce, smothering amount of cheese, etc.If you like how food is served in Mexico, try this place. Marinating meat is not a common practice--not to mention the non-existence of Burritos!  (that's totally a western thing! although they do have it on the menu.) Not only that they are generous with quality ingredients, they are not stingy about giving you more rice if you ask for it. The atmosphere is pretty chill. For meals at the price of street food stand, this is as good as it can ever be. So stop complaining about the casual atmosphere and learn to appreciate how other culture run their restaurants.Their salsa bar had incredible selection of salsa with good punch of spiciness. (not the lame toned-down mild salsa typical for midwest appetite) The flavors are incredible.FYI: We had lengua en salsa verde and bistec mexicana.
4	The most disappointing thing about moving back to Madison has been the lack of good Mexican restaurants - try as we might, it's been a challenge to find a decent taco de asada or a solid burrito.If you share this same frustration, do yourself a favor and head over to Guanajuato - their food is simply excellent.  Easily the best Mexican food we've had in Madison, and it would stand-up well against some of the best Mexican food from places like Austin.We ventured into the Guanajuato at around 6:30pm on a Thursday night.  We were invited to sit wherever we'd like; there were 3-4 occupied tables - the rest of the place was wide open.  The environment was clean and quaint; we quickly found a table, and a waitress stopped by with menus, water, and a bowl of chips.We browsed the menu, and then made our way to the salsa bar.  There are about 6 or 7 salsas at the bar, along with fresh-sliced cucumbers.  I thought the cukes were odd, but they make perfect sense - they cool you down, and they're also a great low calorie alternative to the chips.  We chose 5 salsas to sample; each was better than the next; a few carried quite a kick, but even so, the flavor was simply amazing.  My favorite was one of the spicier offerings; I doused my burrito with it, enjoyed it with both the chips and the cukes.  We ordered 2 tacos de asada, a pork tamale, and a steak burrito.  The food arrived within minutes, and we couldn't wait to dig-in.The tacos were incredible - the beef was tender and flavorful.  Slightly greasy, but packed with flavor.  The soft corn tacos were also wonderful, and for $2, the value was beyond compare.  The pork tamale got mixed reviews; slightly dry, and just a tad tasteless.  We'd probably skip it next time.The steak burrito was MASSIVE and oh so delicious.  It needed absolutely nothing, but the salsas from the aforementioned bar added a little kick and really made the burrito experience an unforgettable one.  Oh, and did I mention it only cost $4?  The thing had to weigh 2+ pounds (without rice or beans to boot!)Service was good - not stellar, but friendly and adequate.  Guanajuato = WINService = 3 starsFood = 4.5 starsValue = 5 starsEnvironment = 4 starsWe'll be back in no time!  Don't let the outside fool you - this place is the real deal, with excellent food.
4	I keep going here.  A recent take-out discover were the tripa tacos (like little rigatoni tubes crispily fried - - but actually made of belly meat) - - truly a FUN food - - and really tasty.Tonight sat down and had the Lomo Taco plate.   Very satisfying beans/rice/guac and tenderloin tacos with fragrant corn shells.  They have cut the number of salsas to four - - all of which are fantastic, particularly on the excellent chips (are they Milagro corn chip bits?).In any case,  great food;   wonderful service (it has changed from trying hard, to wonderful);   and wild atmosphere (bright colors contrasting with sterile feng shui;   blaring TV - - some might not enjoy - -  with GREAT mtv-type blaring brass-band norteno music  - - LOVED IT!).This place remains an otherworldly delight, that gets better all the time.
1	Came here for lunch. I would NEVER go back. We felt completely like we were a nuisance to the one waitress working. Mind you we were the only ones in the restaurant. It took 15 minutes to get her attention that we were ready to order. The chips (though free) were stale and too thick. The burrito (though large) was doughy and the fillings were not high quality. Very disappointing experience.
4	I love their tacos.  They have these amazing corn tortillas and each taco is two tortillas, some meat, onions, cilantro, and some limes on the side.  On the back of the menu you can pick and choose among tacos, tamales, huaraches, and some other things I'm forgetting.  The tacos sand out to me.  Go for the cecina (marinated beef), lengua (beef tongue...just trust me!), or pork.  Oh man I love those tacos.  The tamales are real good but they'll fill you up right quick so limit yourself to one.  Leaves more room for tacos!  Otherwise the huaraches are only $4.50 and huge, a meal in itself unless you're going for a glutton festival.  But I mostly love the tacos.  Them's some proper tacos.
3	Pretty good, except for the black hair in my rice and the sole waitress/cashier  on the dinner shift who looked like she was annoyed that we were ordering something. It was about 7 p.m. Too bad.
1	I had high hopes for this authentic Mexican restaurant in Madison, but here's the reality of my dining experience:We ordered three assorted tacos, a chicken gordita, a pastor quesadilla and cheese quesadillas. 1. There were flies everywhere, lots of them2. The dining area floor was dirty, tables were filthy and sticky3. The help-yourself salsa bar is a great idea, but the salsas were not fresh.4. Waitstaff was friendly but slow - and we were the only patrons for the dinner hour!5. This was the greasiest Mexican food I've ever had in my life.6. The food was nothing special.My search for amazing Mexican food in Madison continues...
5	From time to time I hear people lamenting Madison's lacking Mexican restaurant scene and almost as often its Chinese scene. Often they seem to come from people who didn't look very hard or who have decided to be snobs because it's fun. But they're wrong. If you know how to look and what to order when you've looked, we've got wonderful Chinese (fugu, wah kee wonton noodle, Hong Kong Wok, Lee's Garden), and a pretty incredible south american scene, from higher end/gourmet style (Inka Heritage, Samba, Samba Cafe, Cafe Costa Rica) to tex mex (las cazuelas, casa de lara, la mestiza) to my personal favorite, nitty gritty, homestyle cheap Mexican (La Hacienda, Al Pastor, Antojitos El Toril, Los Gemelos, Taqueria Guadelajara, and this restaurant).This restaurant wins in its category. I've gone probably upwards of five times and I'm sad to see it go, but I hope the new restaurant in the same location, La Guanajuatence, does its ancestor justice.My first assessment of cheap Mexican places is if they have a variety of salsa and if they have horchata. Guanajuato Taqueria had both in excellent fashion. Their horchata was made with almond milk and was sweetened just the right amount by what tastes like actual cinnamon. Their salsa bar had at least four salsas with plenty of variety-- a verde, a spicy, a mild, and a guacamole infused spicy salsa. Three of them were, incidentally, made in my preferred style, smooth and not chunky, which to my mind brings it down to the flavor of the sauce.Their food was fantastic every time I went there. The only thing I ever did not like was a matter of preference-- it turns out I'm not a fan of tripas (intestines). Their lengua (beef tongue), however, was my favorite in Madison, very flavorful and the perfect balance of tenderness and resistance. I've had it three ways-- as a taco, as a gordita and as a tostada. My favorite was always the gordita... there were variations on what they topped each with, and I liked the gordita toppings the best. On the gordita I believe they were queso fresco, shredded iceberg and lime. This, combined with the flavor of the tongue and two soft but slightly crispy tortillas couching it on both sides, made for my favorite meal from the place. I had the steak, pork and chorizo in the same variations, and they were all excellent. I'm not sure if I ever had chicken here so I can't speak for it.It was my peruvian friend's favorite mexican in Madison, too, and his favorite dish was their meat platter served in a large (and heavy) resin bowl, with beef, pork, chicken, cactus, onions, peppers and more all mixed in and flavored perfectly.I never had anything but the friendliest and speediest service here in all my five plus visits. I don't know where it got bad reviews from, though of course every place can (but shouldn't) have its bad servers or even just its bad days. For real, cheap Mexican food you might get from a street vendor in Ciudad Juarez, this was the place.
5	If you want to know my review of the food for this place, read my review of Guanajuato Taqueria... they clearly still have the same chef, with different owners.The place now seems to be owned by an older white couple, that is, if it wasn't already. But the couple was there when I went recently and they had never been there any of my previous visits when it was called Guanajuato Taqueria.So, after the remodel/renaming/reopening the place looks cleaner, nicer and better lit. The food is just as amazing, the service is just as good. Just as I am about to leave the city I've loved and called home for six years to go to New Orleans, I wish that people would make this the popular Madison Mexican restaurant! GO and EAT!
5	In the same locations as the old Guanajuato, but with new management. Great food,  attentive service and excellent prices.  Interesting variety on the menu and great salsa bar.  What more could you ask? Authentic Mexican food, well prepared. I had the carnitas (a pork stew) with salsa verde, one of the evening's specials, for $8.00. Came with rice and beans.  More food than I could possibly eat and delicious.  I  took half home with me.  Drinks are also  very reasonable. Mexican sodas in the bottle are $2 and Mexican beers are $3.50. I will be back soon and bring people with me.  Even if it is on the other side of town for you, it is well worth a drive.
5	This is one of the three proper ratty taquerias (and I mean that in the best possible way) that we have here in Madison. A proper ratty taqueria isn't usually all that ratty, but does serve real Mexican food instead of Miswestixan at places like Laredo's or Pedros. No mass quantities of dairy and refried beams here. My other chosen proper ratty taquerias in Madison are El Pastor and Taqueria Guadalajara. I'm a west-sider so have to drive a bit farther to get to those places, but I tend to go to Guanajatense because it's GOOD and closer to me. I usually just get a few tacos and swill back a couple Tecates in a can. They don't have tamales every day, but if they do they scribble "tamales hoy" on the specials chalkboard on your way in. Whatever else you're having, do yourself a favor and get a tamale too if they're available. The huaraches are MASSIVE and whatever the plate with the grilled cactus is called is also really good. They even use Black Earth Meats for the farm-to-table folks. I like spice so I dig the salsa bar but for those less tolerant of spicy food sometimes it's hard to figure out which one is mild since there aren't any labels.  So yeah, go there and eat.
2	It pains - PAINS - me to write this review, as I was a HUGE fan of this location when it was known as Taqueria Guanajuato.  Unfortunately, it appears to have suffered some drastic changes - none really for the better, and here's why.I loved the old Guanajuato.  The burritos were massive and featured loads of tender steak, gobs of fresh onion, heaps of cilantro, and a nice mix of lettuce and tomato.  The steak was always seasoned to perfection, expertly seared, and heaped into the quality flour tortilla.  Oh man, my mouth waters just thinking about those good 'ole days...So imagine my shock when I spied a new sign (with a similar, yet new name)... On Halloween weekend, I ventured in and ordered a steak taco and a steak burrito.  The taco was excellent - soft corn tortilla, a fair amount of steak, and a nice mix of onion and cilantro.  No tricks there.The burrito was still massive, but seemed light on the steak.  It also came filled with steamed white rice, which was a new one on me... the old Guanajuato never had rice in their burrito...Alas, the taco was tasty, the burrito passable, and the salsa bar solid, so all things considered, I left the new Guanajuantense "treated" and happy.  Fast forward from Halloween to today.Arrived at noon and found just one older couple sitting at a table eating.  Out came the familiar menu and thick corn tortilla chips.  I placed my usual order - steak burrito; my dining partner followed suit.We bellied-up to the salsa bar: check.  Still solid.  Note: a lot of the salsas pack a punch, so be prepared.Out came the burritos. From afar, they still looked monstrous - yet something was amiss.  As the waitress approached, I could tell that the tortillas were new - they appeared to be a "flavored" tortilla - like a tomato basil?  Or a cheese-infused tortilla?  Hmmm.She placed the 2-pound behemouths in front of us and I recoiled in horror.  The burritos, which once featured a heaping mound of beef now featured a heaping mound of yellow rice, mixed with canned corn and - wait for it - CANNED PEAS?!  What?I quickly tore open the "burrito" and dissected it to find: large quanties of the rice/corn/pea mix, a boatload of lettuce, 4-5 diced chunks of tomato, 4-5 diced chunks of onion, 3-4 sprigs of cilantro, and maybe 3 ounces of beef... So... gone was the quality steak; it was replaced with this unholy rice/corn/pea mixture.I was so disappointed.  I appologized profusely to my coworker - I swore this wasn't the way I remembered Guanajuato.  He thought his burrito tasted "ok," but did comment that there was a lot of rice.  Sigh.I suspect they're cutting a few corners... granted, steak is expensive, but why not make the burrito a little smaller and use less rice?  Truly disappointing.La Guanajuantense = FAILFood = 1.5 stars (too much filler in the burritos; salsa bar is still excellent)Service = 3 stars (friendly staff)Value = 1.5 stars ($8 for a rice burrito with lettuce and a hint of steak)MISC = 2 stars (nothing exciting about the place)Looks like I'm back on the hunt for a quality burito.
5	Wasn't hungry when I went so I ordered the cheapest thing. i forgot what it was called (carne something) but it was a sandwich. it was really good and very good portion. definitely want to go back.there is a salsa bar with every flavor imaginable.decor is sweet. lots of colorful quilts and pictures of mexican superheroes.
4	I loved it!  but maybe it was because the salsa bar was such a huge hit with me.  Though, when I did ask a question about a specific salsa, the waitress couldnt help me answer....confusion/language barrier, whichever.  I went in Dec. 2011. Service was okay...food- I have no complaints.  Id definitely go again.
4	A westerner finds some yummy salsas and delish tacos!!We were there on a Sunday and plan to go back soon for dinner. The next table over had an awesome looking fish soup and tamales... these are not available every day, which I take as a good sign. things that are special will be fresh!!Friendly and quick service, hot chips and a fresh salsa bar that had 8 salsas!Muy bien!! Gracias!
3	Authentic. Not as well seasoned as I like.  Slowish but pleasant service.
5	Not sure what people are complaining about--this is about as authentic as it gets.My friend and I are on a little mission we call "Taco Quest." We've been to almost every Mexican restaurant in Madison, and we are very, very critical. Guanajuatence exceeded any expectations I had, and then some. I knew we were off to a good start when the waitress barely understood my super slow, semi-clear English. Food was spectacular and the chips were very, very fresh. Salsa bar was a wonderful added bonus.Tacos: Got the asada, campechano, and pastor. Asada was excellent and overflowing all over the place; the added cilantro and onion (traditional) topping was wonderful. Campechano was good, too. However, the pastor--holy mother of god--I dare say this was one orgasmic taco. Wonderful chunks of pineapple combined with perfectly-seasoned pork made for a simply superb experience. I'd happily make the drive back JUST for this.To those who somehow left unsatisfied (what's wrong with you people?!)--try Mercado Marimar. It's a tiny Mexican grocery store on S. Park Street with an even smaller cantina inside. That place is excellent, too. More importantly, they both blow away the Madison "standard"--Tacqueria Guadelajara. I thought that was good, but after going to Marimar and Guanajuatence? Please.
5	My new favorite. Their salsa bar rules! Their tacos are stellar! Best of all, they have specials that are tremendous. S.U. had a wonderful bowl of green chile posole that would make our son, a green chile aficionado, extremely happy. I had their barbacoa special, a very generous serving of flavorful lamb shank with all the trimmings. The chips are hot and fresh, the salsas, see above. They have some grill platters (parilla?) that looked amazing! I asked about mole and they say that they make their own from scratch sooo ... that's next on the 'to try' list. Once I saw a seafood stew special that also looked incredible. Gusto mucho!I do love Tac. Guad. on Park. There's plenty of room for more good Mexican food in Madison. Plenty of room.
5	Stopped in last night to grab some carryout and as it was my first time, I didn't know what to expect.  Not only did the food exceed my expectations but this might now be my "go-to" spot for Madison Taqueria fare (El Pastor is my favorite).  The restaurant itself is well decorated, clean, and has a welcoming waitstaff.  The menu was extensive but I focused in on the tacos.  I tried the carnitas (special for the day), barbacoa (also a special) and the pastor.  Top with onion and cilantro and stuffed generously with meat, they were all excellent.  The pastor was some of the best I tried.  Not only was the food excellent and reasonable, they have an incredible salsa bar.  With no signs telling me what each was, I sampled 4.  They were outstanding-one with a creamy avocado base, another that definitely had chipotle peppers, and another that was almost straight guajillo peppers (and among the spiciest).I definitely recommend this restaurant and I will absolutely be back.
4	I've only had their tacos here, but it's delicious.  It's much better than the other taco places in town that people rave about, i.e. Taqueria Guadalajara.  I haven't tried El Pastor yet but I'm not sure I need to anymore.  Their tacos have a variety of meats such as asada (steak), lengua (tongue), chicharron (pork skin), tripa (intestines), pastor (pork), chorizo, and pollo.  I'm a fan of carne asada tacos and so I order that each time I go.  Their carne asada is well flavored, not dry, and served on top of corn tortillas and topped with cilantro and onions.  It's delicious.  I also enjoy the lengua and chorizo tacos.  The lengua is slightly more tender than the steak taco.  The pastor is also good.  It's slow cooked with pineapples for a bit of sweetness.  I'm not a fan of pineapples in my taco so I usually pass on the pastor though I still enjoy it from time to time.  The tacos are also incredibly affordable given the amount of food.   Their salsa bar is extensive with 6 different salsas.  They have the standard salsa verde, but also a jalapeno avocado one, one that's got a pronounced smoky flavor.  It's fun just to try the salsas, and I like that they don't skimp on the spice.  Their chips are also delicious, freshly fried and salted.  This place serves up delicious tacos that satisfy my cravings.  I don't care what their burritos or quesadillas or whatever else they have on the menu may taste like.  I will come here just for the tacos.
5	The closest thing in Madison to Southern California Mexican. Stopped by yesterday (for takeout) for the first time and I couldn't stop eating the steak burrito, even though I was full. My husband got the pastor gorditas - the marinade was delicious!! I definitely recommend stopping by.
1	Madison, may we have a moment of silence for the old La Guanajuantence?As sadly reported by yours truly in November of 2011, it appears as though La Guanajuantence is under new management, and new doesn't mean better.  What was once the best burritos, tacos, and salsa location in all of Madison is now nothing more than your standard el cheapo Mexican restaurant.I took a coworker here for lunch today with the hope that things were back to normal, but alas, we were both sadly disappointed.  We arrived at noon, and were promptly shown to a table, which featured the dirtiest, nastiest, most caked-up hot sauce dispensers I've ever seen.  Our waitress brought chips, took drink orders, and left us to browse the plain-old-typing-paper-menus.  We walked up to the "salsa bar" which now consists of a bussers tub filled with ice and "stocked" with six (6) small clear plastic containers of salsa: avocado, traditional, chipotle, green chille,  tomatillo, and one mystery salsa.  While the presentation was pathetic, the salsas were decent, although most tasted very similar.The waitress returned to take our order, which consisted of a steak burrito, a chicken burrito, a chicken taco, and an al pastor taco.The food arrived after a short wait, and my fears were confirmed - the burritos are over-stuffed with cheap Mexican rice, complete with canned peas and corn, heavy on the lettuce and cheese, and very light on meat and/or flavor.  My friend said that he would've rather had a McDonald's breakfast burrito than this $8 abomination.   I snapped a quick picture of the burrito - you can see how little steak there is (what steak that was there was nearly tasteless, very dry, and extremely gristly)...The tacos... I love street tacos.  But both the chicken and the pastor were dry, flavorless, and unimpressive.  SIGH.  The pastor was chewy/stringy... And my coworker's chicken burrito came slathered in cheese for some reason... We paid our tab, left, and I vow to never return.  It's simply not worth it.  Granted, the service was nice, but the food has gone so far downhill, there's no saving it.La Guanajuatence = FAIL FAIL FAILFood = 0.5 stars (the salsas were ok)Value = 0.5 stars ($8 for a rice-stuffed burrito?)Service = 3 stars (friendly and attentive)MISC = 1 star (the crusty condiments and lackluster salsa "bar" weren't cool)Off to find a new taqueria.  -sob, sniff, sob-  I miss the old Guanajuato.
4	Still a fave place in Madison for authenticity. the salsa bar is awesome- (disregard the review that says the salsas all taste the same, as that is just not true. the avocado one is fantastic, as is the chipotle and the salsa verde.)Always check out the weekend specials. the posole I had was filled with big chucks of pork and hominy and was deeeelish. One Sunday I had the green chile stew/soup which made me happy for days. I can almost look forward to winter and getting this again.The fajitas are regularly excellent, with lots of stuff piled on the cast-iron skillet brought to the table.They REALLY need to start making the lime margaritas with real lime juice and sugar. A mix just does not taste good.The strawberry one I had was pretty good, maybe made with frozen berries blended.Viva Mexico!!
5	Move over, former favorite Mexican restaurants... there's a new restaurant on top!  While I cannot pronounce the name and therefore struggle to convince friends and family to try it, this is hands down the best Mexican food in Madison.  The salsa bar is great, as previous reviewers noted.  The kids menu (albeit written on a board) is really generous - $3.50 for nice helpings of rice and beans, and a gordita, taco, or quesadilla. My husband and I each had taco dinners (rice and beans and three tacos), and they were great.  Not your run-of-the-mill meats and flavors, but meat choices the included pork rinds, tripe, etc., as well as the traditional chicken and beef. The staff was very friendly.  One lady even struck up a conversation with my 5 year old, and showed him all kinds of pictures of ruins, etc., and gave him a calendar he's thrilled with.  So we not only had some awesome, reasonably-price Mexican food, but my son got a little history lesson and is phyched to learn more.  We will definitely return.
5	Delicious and light tasting veggie fajita. Huge portions, def going back.
3	I went to this place due to some elite yelpers giving it very high marks.  Here is my take:  The food: 4 Stars.  Very Authentic Mexican Cuisine. So before you go there realize you are not going to get a taco with cheese in it.  The portions are not going to be overflowing your plate.  There isn't going to be a hundred different combo's to choose from.  The Menu is one piece of paper.  That said, I really enjoyed the salsa bar and the authenticity of the food.  The Service:  2.5 Stars.  Perhaps a drawback that comes with the authenticity.  When I went there the people who worked there knew very little English.  Thus, they didn't get my order right.  Also, when I went they only had one server.  So when they had 5 Tables it was difficult to get more chips and refills on soda.  Overall, I was happy.  I got a good meal for a very cheap price.
5	Delicious and authentic and non-gringofied and strange meats and salsa bar and limited English and slightly divey and oh-my-god good.My partner and I were getting ready at the warehouse before work the other day and someone walked by saying they didn't want to work that day, they just wanted to go home and eat tacos.You know you've been working with someone for too long when you look at each other and instantaneously say "Tacos!".After that it was just a matter or where tacos would be had.  It just so happens that around lunchtime we get off the Beltline in Madison and *BOOM*.  LA Guanajuatence.We went in and were encouraged by the wobbly formica tables and the dingy lights and the complete lack of interest of our waitress in the finer points of the English language.  We were given chips immediately and it took us a minute to figure out why we weren't given any salsa.  We looked around confused and ate some dry chips and were about to ask someone and Oh they have an entire bar full of a dozen different salsas we can try.  This makes so much sense that it's gone all the way back to stupid.  I tried almost all of them.  I can't recommend one in particular because my grasp of Spanish is about as good as theirs of English, but the creamy avacado not-quite-guacamole is just phenomenal.  I mean, really good.I had a three pack of tacos.  One al-pastor, one lengua, and one machaca.  I've never even heard of machaca and had to google it after I ate it, but apparently it's beef that's marinated, shredded, and then dried.  Holy cow you have no idea.  One of my new favorite things in history.  I can't recommend it enough.  You need to try it.Everything was great.  Service was awesome despite the language barrier.I will go here again without reservation.
4	Not a glamourous place, but friendly.  The draw here is the best Mexican food in the Midwest, and a homemade salsa bar that is awesome, as long as you like spicy.  It is also a tremendous value.  And they are kind to vegetarians.  I would go five stars if they had a better margarita and offered a few more appetizers - still hoping someone re-creates Las Caszuelos' cheese dip with poblanos and mushrooms...
5	It pains me to say this,  but La Guanajuatence is CLOSED. Best tacos and Mexican in all of Madison, by far--but they're closed. A very, very sad day for Mad Town.
