1	Avoid this place if you value your time and money.  I went in to see if they could order me a retainer. I had lost mine and they assured me that the dentist (not the ortho) could do it.  They told me on the phone that they would check my insurance to see what they covered before I arrived.  I made an appointment ahead of time and arrived at the office early.  I had even printed out all the new patient forms to hand in so I had no paperwork to fill out in the office - I was prepared, they were not.I waited in the waiting room for at least 10 minutes, and then an additional 10 minutes of waiting once they took me to the back.  The dentist looked in my mouth for 10 seconds and told me he could order a retainer (yes, your front office already told me that...). It wasn't until THEN that they decided to check with my insurance. At 6pm on a weekday, the insurance of course was swamped with calls and it took over 30 minutes (of me waiting alone in the back, no one checking in on me) to get a response.  Then on top of all the waiting they decided to charge me $40 for the visitation? I understand that a dentist's time is valuable but he literally took 10 seconds to look in my mouth.  So basically I'm paying $40 for the front office staff to make a call to my insurance company, something they could have done days before. I will not be going back. $40 might not seem like a lot, but for a complete waste of an evening for nothing it means something to me! If you value your time and money, avoid. Try somewhere that makes the consultation experience quick and free so that the customer will actually come back and drop $400 on a new retainer which I will ultimately do elsewhere.
5	Great office. The staff was friendly and helpful. They were easy to work with when I needed to reschedule my appointment. Dr. Stanley is great. He took lots of time to explain what he was doing so I understood. And my crown looks great. I would definitely go back again.
5	I am calling BullSh#* on Jessica K's review. I have been to the office plenty times! I have waited there less than any other office, Dr. Stanley's prices are fair, they always check ahead of time on my insurance. In the end it is the patients responsibility to know their insurance. Ortho retainers are not cheap, why didn't Jessica go back to her Orthodontist? Very nice office and staff! You do not feel like you are part of the production game.
