4	One day, I walked past the Southern Bar to find that it was closed, without any hint of it about to do so or that it was in trouble. It remained closed for a long time and I always had the sense that Edinburghs Newington area had lost one of its better drinking holes.However, much to the delight of students every where, the Southern has risen from the ashes, had a new interior and is serving again.The interior is nice, grey throughout, but with odd chairs and sitting areas split across the lower bar area and the slightly raised seating areas. The bar itself serves a large selection of drinks and an ever larger and more impressive selection of spirits etc grace the back wall.The atmosphere is chilled and fun, and never have the staff been rude or unfriendly in all the times I have been there.During the day the Souther is just as well recieved, with free wi-fi and a food menu that is reasonably priced and very tasty.Its good to have the Southern back open.
4	The Southern Bar has recently undergone a refurbishment is it is now all new and shiny, but it is also more expensive now too.  The Southern Bar is in Newington and it is very popular with the students.  The decor inside is unpretentious and charming and there is a lovely and relaxed atmosphere to the Bar.They frequently have live bands playing in the corner of the bar which creates a fantastic ambiance and I try to go to the Bar on those nights. Although the drinks a wee bit more pricey than the other bars and pubs in this area, student discounts are available.  The Southern Bar do great meal deals and serve tasty food, especially the burgers, and have a vast variety of snacks available.I have always found the staff to be very friendly and warm and the bar is a decent size so you are generally guaranteed to get a seat, however, it gets really busy on a Friday and Saturday night so it is probably best to get there early to avoid disappointment.
4	Although I stand by my last review when I claimed that the electro music was ridiculous, loud and irritating, my overall opinion has bettered of the Southern. That night is still terrible, but proves worryingly popular with the locals but the other quieter nights are good fun. The interior makes it a really nice bar to drink in and there is a nice relaxed atmosphere.I went in there last night, and there were only about 4 other people apart from us, but we all got chatting. Eventually they left and it was just us and the bar staff who were really cool. They talked to us for ages, and even let us stay after closing to finish our drinks. Most places just kick you out but these guys were awesome. Admittedly many of the beers had run out but it was the end of the day and this is the first time I've had that problem there. But the service made it, it was a really good pub to go to, and definitely a cool local to have
2	Used to be one of the best pubs in Edinburgh where you would always bump into someone you knew whenever you popped in. Sadly, as another reviewer stated, I was served by a totally dissinterested teenager who actually took ages to serve me (in an empty pub) because he was busy talking to his mate at the end of the bar. Could have potential but it's not living up to it.
2	I visited The Southern with the lure of live acoustic music and cheap drinks at the start of August, and was rather disappointed. Unfortunately, almost all of the beer was sold out  most of the taps had glasses over them, and I was only able to get the third option on my preference list.Unfortunately, as a music venue, this place bombed. They were only allowed one mic thanks to council regulations. That, plus the position of the stage, which saw patrons who were lining up at the bar block the view of seated guests, made it very difficult to hear the musicians. This was unfortunate as the musicians were very good!There are some quality spaces in this bar  an alcove near the entrance, a selection of cosy sofas and chairs on a raised platform, and a couple of pool tables and seating areas opposite the bar in another sort of alcove, so there is no doubt this place has a lot of potential. I had a very mixed experience here, and am not really tempted to go back, but perhaps I just tried this place on a bad day.
4	As this is just around the corner from me I really need to go more often! It's a good little place which has some really good food. The first time I came in here I was a little disappointed at the knowledge of the staff however this has gotten much better over time. They have a good selection and unlike a few other bars seem to move enough of it through that the beer tastes good and fresh.Food selection is fairly decent too! The actual decor is pretty chilled and although dark - really quite pleasant! There is a few different areas to suit different groups/situations. When it comes to beer selection (as thats mainly what I care about) they are happy to give out tasters which is VITAL in a good pub. They stock a good selection of bottles and in general have at least one thing that is fairly interesting - but I'm a hard man to please!I will update once I've been a few more times!
4	The Southern has pulled off the hardest trick of all, changing one of Edinburghs more "dive like" student bars into something with an easy sense of class without changing the name. Essentially transporting the formula that has worked well in Holyrood 9a to a new location one can't fault the many tasty beverages and awesome burgers, though like the Holyrood I am not necessarily a fan of the staff having to turn their backs on you to pour the beer (somewhat mitigated by the provided table service) all in all though a great bar.
3	I went to this pub once last year before it was done up.  It used to be one of those student-friendly places that serves cheap drinks, with a sticky floor and sticky tables, and no door that would lock in the toilets. Well, that kind of place.Now part of the same group as the Holyrood 9A and The Red Squirrel, the place looks completely different.  Armed with yet another Itison voucher, I took my flatmate there on a weekly evening.I had booked a table and when we arrived we were shown to our table, which was towards the back of the pub.  It was somewhat a very dark corner.  It is already a place that doesn't get much natural light, but the lack of lighting made me quite uncomfortable.  I like to see what I'm eating you see...Anyway, we ordered our pints and our burgers.  They came reasonably quickly and were good.  No surprise there.  I have now had burgers in all the establishments of the same group and the novelty has worn off a bit.  The service was OK, but not overly friendly.  Efficient though, and they were pretty busy at that time.The place is fine, they have a wide selection of beers, and the food is good.  The only problem is it lacks atmosphere and soul. I felt like there was something missing there.  It just didn't feel quite right.  So did my flatmate.  To the point we didn't even want to stay for another drink and left to go to our usual pub in Tollcross for another drink.
3	Okay so I only gave it three stars.. BUT this place can easily bump it up with a few recommendations. - Your service is really friendly, however often slow and forgetful. I've been here twice, and both times it has been the case. The first time the service was okay. The second time orders were forgotten (our starter). Now normally one or two mistakes I don't mind! But I can see that it's a bit consistent! -Your burgers are delicious, but for some reason, they can sometimes make people stay up at night, and make them completely dehydrated. This happened to my flatmates and I the first time we came here. Now, all our burgers were pre-fab (not one solid piece of meat), so my worry is that The Southern don't make them? Or someone spilt a lot of salt in the burger mixture one night by accident. Since this time I have returned to have the plain chicken burger (just a chicken breast) so I can avoid feeling horrible again! - Why do you charge an extra pound for peri-peri fries? They are ultimately no more complicated than regular fries. Even to some, they are not considered superior than the classic. I think you should also make onion rings an easy swap and not to be charged an arm and a leg for it (an additional 2.95)! Good Points - The Southern is really pretty. I like how it's clean and tidy, and is a pleasant place to be in. - The Southern has wifi! This makes it an ideal place for me to come and work, and I intend to sit down here often to do computer work. - The Southern has great beers on tap, with average prices. I think Black Isle Blonde , and Blue Moon on tap is always a good sign of a good barWith that, I really like this place, and I WILL be returning. I just hope as time progresses a few things will improve to make the next time I return that much better!
4	I'd been wanting to hit The Southern for a week or two before I finally did.  It was on my way to class every morning and I'd heard good things.I liked the atmosphere a lot.  It had your general Pub feel but it was definitely a welcoming one and drifted a bit more towards Restaurant than just Pub.  My server was great, friendly, helpful, and pretty much everything I could ask for.The food, well, it wasn't amazing.   That's why this is only 4 stars and not 5.  I can't blame the place entirely, the burger I got was probably a bad choice I just wanted to try something a little different.  My only other complaint is that there was a sign saying they had free wifi but it wasn't working.Overall I liked the place and if I was staying near it again in the future I'd go.  But I wouldn't walk across the city for it.
4	This place is slowly turning into one of my favourite bars in Edinburgh. The staff are all great and are always very helpful in adjusting the food items to suit my comrads for the evening (vegans, dairy alergies, fussy eaters etc). The beverages on offer are of a high quality and varied. The decor is of a similiar design to its sister pubs... kinda old man bar, but clean,  meets contempory. I remember the place in its previous incarnation and miss the dive bar aspect but its nice when you dont stick to the floors and walls anymore. :D
4	How happy am I that this is a relative "local" of mine. I have something of a love affair with Holyrood 9a burgers. And I think of all the Holyrood bars, the original Holyrood 9a is still The Daddy. But The Southern, the newer, smaller sister just further up into Old Town, still carries of the same style, good range of beers and awesome burgers with its own personality!I never visited here before it was the old, same-named, Southern. But from I hear it wasnt good. So the refurb was an immediate blessing. What we now have is a very warm, nicely decorated, welcoming and quite big bar that has a great range of beers, with rotating ales, and as Alex R has said, they'll let you try beers before you buy. It's a proper beer pub. But they also have that epic list of burgers which I love so. BBQ Beef, or Chicken Italienne, or a veggie Portobello Mushroom. And they have squid as a starter! They don't have that at Holyrood 9a.The staff are really friendly too. So they've pretty much got everything I want and need in a local bar. Great range of drinks (cocktails too, mm they're amaretto sour is good), delicious food, warm and cosy. Apparently free wifi although sometimes it can be patchy. But overall, I likey!
4	Had a great value, and LARGE brunch here on saturday with 3 friends. Very relaxing, great service, was a bit chilly though. Coffee needs to be a little better but apart form that I couldn't have asked for a better brunch venue.
4	Friendly, Inviting Solid Burgers, Beer, WhiskyA gourmet treasure
5	Y'know, since coming back here on numerous occasions, hosting a Yelp Elite Event here, returning for a CMYE burger night with 10 Yelpers and pretty much treating The Southern as my go-to burger joint, I'm starting to wonder why I didn't give it 5 stars before.I've given Holyrood 9A, it's sister bar, 5 stars as their burgers are epic, they sell lots of great beer and spirits, and the staff are friendly. And exactly the same goes for The Southern. It's the newest of the Holyrood 9A bars, so maybe for some folk the main appeal lies in the originality. Well, The Southern are doing everything Holyrood 9A do just as well. The main stand-out for me (which is saying something when it's compared to their epic burgers of joy) is the staff. They remembered me from having hosted a Yelp Event there a month before, and were so genuinely friendly throughout the whole night, and happy to help our large group of 10 - it was just lovely.The burgers in their own right are amazing too. Not a scrap of food was left. And they now do a few twists, like sweet potato fries instead of regular as an option. There were 10 of us and pretty much all of us ordered different burgers too - that's how much choice there is. Me? The venison burger. How happy am I that The Southern in my local.
5	Love. So much love.La Chels and me ended up here on various occasions, a Yelp Elite Event, a night out with her parents, a night out with my parents a-oh God we're dating aren't we- and ultimately, and most recently: a rather hungover breakfast. The waitress, -bless her and all those springing from her house- was the most lovely waitress I have met in my existence. She consistently and almost telepathically knew what we wanted. For instance, when I looked over my imaginary sunglasses to order two glasses of water, she offered a sympathetic look and said: "Perhaps a jug?"Yes. Yes, my new friend. A jug.My very sober *cough* ladyfriend, ordered the complete breakfast and tucked in with great pleasure, from the look on her face, she was clearly in seventh heaven. Myself? In honour of LaFayette I ordered the veggie burger, with bacon. Why? 'Cause, as the waitress and I agreed, vegetarian dishes always have the best toppings, they just miss one thing: bacon. (Also 'cause I imagine LaFayatte swaying out of the kitchen any minute asking who the sick f*** is that ordered the veggie burger with baycon, ME! ME! ME!)The falafal burger with bacon (ha) was all kinds of splawsome. The fries were amazing, and we loved both jars of mayonnaise we went through equally. The food in this place is consistently delicious, and the service always goes the extra mile. From getting us a table on a busy Saturday night 20 minutes in advance, to this gem of a woman who should have her own sitcom because she cured our hangover with burgers, wit and love. (Yes, when I'm hungover I want burgers, stop judging me).The only thing left to say is that you should absolutely try this place. Really, much recommended. Sorry if they're out of mayo, 's totally my bad.
4	Disclaimer - I work in Holyrood 9a, which is run by the same company as the Southern....... and I love 9a.Straight away you can tell that The Southern is the sister bar of Red Squirrel and 9a..... similar menu, same bar layout, same permanent draught beer selection - not that any of this is a bad thing?!The food has always been good. I have not had a bad meal here. The service is good, if sometimes a little slow considering that is always seems to be pretty quiet.That point is the knife edge. It does tend to be pretty quiet, which when you want a nice burger and beer in a bit of peace is great, but it does also seem to make it seem lacking a little bit of atmosphere, or something!?It is a good bar. That does good food, but is in a bit of an odd location. Good though!
4	Great pub with friendly atmosphere and an excellent selection of food and drink. Great for a catch up with friends.
4	I feel like I'm beginning to enjoy too many things... I haven't written more than one bad review! Maybe I am quite a generous customer but this place is genuinely great. I live just across from here & have been to the southern for dates, dinners and friendly drink catch ups. It suits all of the above occasions to a tee! The burgers are great and given i try to avoid wheat, it's perfection that if ordered without a bun you get more fries! I love it. The staff are friendly without being overbearing, the decor is tasteful and cleanly done with quite a few prints I like to snaffle!  I haven't been for a few weeks now, my liver is trying to behave and given I can't leave a morsel on the plate my waist needs a break! I look forward to many more burgers and many more g&t's here.
3	The Southern had been on my "places to go and eat list" for a while now. So I mustered up the family for a wee cheeky dinner out. I had been craving burgers so I thought this place would be perfect. I only gave the place three stars cause the food didn't blow me away. It was A-OK. I ordered the onion rings, which I thought could be easily confused with some frozen rings. Not beautifully fried fresh onion rings, which make all the difference! The fries/chips were good, we got the stringy ones. Good stuff. The burger was A-OK. It did the job but I wasn't in love. The pickles on the burger were a bit of a disappointment (they were vinegary, not good ole bread n butter pickles).The service left much to be desired as well. First the waitress forgot my drink. Then after taking our order she never came back! We got our order from another waitress and no one ever came back to ask us if we needed anything. We never saw our primary waitress again until I went to the bar to pay. I guess if you don't care about your tip then thats cool. I can dig it. Standard fare, standard service. Nothing spectacular: A-OK.
3	The Holyrood 9a is a pretty good place, unfortunately every incarnation since has just not reached the heights of the original.I visited The Southern on a night out with The Man recently.  As with the other bars, the beers are along the back wall and are more interesting than your bog standards.  I felt, though, that they need to pay a bit better attention to having at least one standard lager of a reasonable abv (aka not mentally high) that's maybe ideally not Black Isle Blonde.  I like my interesting beers but sometimes I just want a lager, and while BIB is great, it seems like it's getting almost as common as Tennants these days.  I'm a huge fan of Williams Augustus myself, but hey that's just me.  Lately - and not just at The Southern - I've felt a bit stuck for choice at fancier beer joints because I'm not in the mood for a real ale and don't feel like an amber or dark beer.  What really hit me at The Southern, on a weekend night at about 10 - it was practically dead.  The atmosphere was nil, there were loads of empty tables, and we stayed to finish our drinks and then headed elsewhere.  This was especially boggling because the other bars we'd visited that night were heaving.  So all in all a bit of a "meh" experience - I wouldn't *not* visit again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
4	This my first time at the The Southern and I'm pleased to say that i will be back.  It was introduced to me today as part of the CMYE and it too being the first proper Yelp event I signed up for after it's 2nd year Birthday Party at The Hanging Bat.I ordered a Cappuccino and it's not bad at all as I've had far far worse in my time.  As it was a Brunch meet up I ordered the French Toast with Bacon and Maple Syrup.  It was really nice.  Whereas the OH choose the Southern Breakfast which was alright but He felt he had better else where, so nothing special for him.  I think he was a little disappointed however he said the orange juice was nice and i can back him up on that one!I'll be back to try out the burgers as i've been told they are good.  The atmosphere is nice and I love the tile decoration on the walls and the red curtain use as a draught stopper at the door.  The staff are nice and the service was good.  Now, will next time be a five star?
3	Just finished a Brunch with a bunch of Yelpers. This bar, grill, organic, locally sourced food restaurant, microbrewery outlet beer house and many more names you can think of as this place is good for many things and occasions.It is dog friendly BTW. We had a a nice time in a corner-section of the bar. I was especially impressed with their Bloody Mary. (I did have 2 to be sure) -  spicy and peppery. I was less so impressed with my blueberry Pancakes, as I was advised the portions weren't too big I added 3 rashes of bacon and an egg.Their picture shows many mini pancakes - but this was a larger European variety. It was nice. But nit what I expected. Also they may have misheard me when ordering as there was 1 rasher - not 3. And just love maple syrup, blueberry and bacon.. oh well. I just have to pester the wife for these some more. Large family table is 'tres rustic' but a bit of a pin for fellow guests if the people in the middle need to go to the toilet or like to stretch their legs a little - guess who was piggy in the middle?I do like the place and the atmosphere is very familiar. I felt very at ease from the moment I set foot in here. .. and what a refreshing difference this wine list makes! They divided the wine list into: "Cheap" "Good" & "Great" All meats are from Simon Howie (him from the sausages, com'n you know!)Most beers are vats, double (or triple) Trappists and stouts. The cocktail list looks brilliant and well worth the price. So for now I will supply 3 stars, but I will defiantly (*yes I meant to write that that) be back to see if I can prop that up to a four, cos I do think I might like it better next time.
3	I don't think I even knew of this place until I came here today with a group of fellow Yelpers. Saturday brunch was on the menu.And what did I choose from the menu? I had french toast with bacon and maple syrup, cappuccino and orange juice. Started off with the coffee which was good, but probably not the best I have ever had. Orange juice was freshly squeezed and lovely. I probably could have had a jug of that alone! French toast with bacon was nice too, though it maybe lacked a bit of flavour.I recommend the Bloody Marys - very well on flavour and didn't require any extra spices. Besides, the table had all the necessary condiments one would desire - take note, Smoke Stack!  ;-)It was an enjoyable brunch, and I would like to return next time to sample their burgers.
4	when scrolling through my reviews i was actually shocked i hadn't written a review of The Southern!  i've been here for an elite event, a burger night, and now brunch but apparently the review hasn't made it from my mind to yelp.  so now is the time, especially as i still have saturday's brunch fresh in my memory (but sadly no longer in front of me :( )I remember The Southern from it's previous life when it was a big bar that offered cheap food and drink but not exactly the nicest place to hang out.  yes it was cheap but the food was a bit lousy and the atmosphere lacked something to make you want to stay... maybe this was the poor food or the slightly run down look of the bar.  so when i had heard it had been refurbished and now owned by the fuller thomson group i was very excited to try it out!my first experience of this place was an elite event and mini burgers with pots of delicious skinny fries!  the mini burgers were delish and i was heartbroken to only receive one :(  but it made me even more excited to return with fellow yelpers for a burger night when i got to have to the full sized version.  i ordered the aptly  named southern burger which came with mustard, hereford hop cheese, carmelised onion mayo and rocket.  it was delicious and lived up to every expectation i had.  just remembering it is forcing me to mentally plan another date to go for another drool inducing burger!my last visit was this past saturday for brunch with some friendly yelpers.  i was torn between a burger (because they are nomlicious) or one of their breakfast options.  so i decided to do the best of both worlds, a spinach, tomato, and goats cheese omlette with a side of sweet potato fries.  the omlette was huge, like a massive egg pancake wrapped around a genorous filling of sauted spinach, freshly chopped tomatoes, and huge chunks of tangy goat's cheese.  omg was it good!!  so so so good!  and the sweet potato fries with a blue cheese dipping sauce, oh hello food of the gods!  they were so good i almost cried when i finished the last one and could no longer drench the fried sweet potato goodness through the blue cheese deliciousness.  so seriously, this place is awesome and amazingly better than what it used to be!!  the food is delicious and the beers on offer are fab!  it does tend to be a bit quiet for a bar, but i quite like this.  it means service is relatively quick and i can always get a seat.  this might not be the type of place i'd go for a big night out, but i will definitely be planning more burger nights and weekend brunches here in the near future!!
2	The food at The Southern didn't float my boat, at all. The place is smart enough, and the staff very friendly, but the breakfast I had was very mediocre. It fell between two stools, being neither big and ugly enough or refined and elegant enough to be classed as either a "good old fashioned" or "posh" fry-up. Overall, we said: "I was seriously underwhelmed by The Southern. They do not handle large parties well, and the quality of their breakfast/brunch items is not good. I rather enjoyed my burger at Holyrood 9A, so imagine that the burgers here are of similar quality, so I'd steer you in that direction, should you find yourself here. But really, I'd just cut out the middle man, give this place a miss, and head elsewhere, directly."
4	Best burgers in town.  Seriously- way too good to be true.  The Southern is a fantastic pub in the heart of Newington, and the people who run it also run Holyrood 9A and The Red Squirrel.  They have a great selection of beers (not just the everyday lagers and ales you find at most pubs) and the best part- the burgers!  I've never had anything other than a burger from their menu so have no idea about the rest of their food, but with so many selections of burgers why try anything else!  They have beef, chicken, veggie, venison, literally anything you can think of.  I've tried the classic beef (so tasty!) and the Halloumi cheese burger, and they were just so fantastic.  I really like that they have so many veggie options available.  Something for everyone!So obviously I love burgers, but how's the rest of the pub?  It's ok.  Honestly not a huge amount of atmosphere or colour, but I don't feel like you would go for the atmosphere.  My only complaint about The Southern, and the only reason it didn't get 5 stars from me, is that the bar staff have almost zero beer knowledge.  The manager does, and was amazing, but I asked one staff for a real ale that was light, and she gave me a dark hoppy ale.  Oh well, the burger was delicious :)
3	Now don't get me wrong, The Southern is a nice little bar in the Newington area of town. The decor is nice, it's well laid out and there is plenty of room. However, the question I have to ask myself is... Do I need another identical burger menu? Because as a reasonably regular visitor of Holyrood 9A and Red Squirrel, I'm seeing this menu pretty frequently, as menus go. Clearly the burger formula is working well for the owners of all three establishments, but to be honest I would have liked something a little bit different. They are all the same. There's also not much else on offer except burgers, so if you're not feeling a filling between two hunks of roll then you're probably not going to like it much here. Oh, and the food is served on a wooden slab. Why do restaurant owners hate crockery so much all of a sudden?Still, my burger was tasty. I enjoyed it. But I fail to see how this place cuts itself in a different way from its sisters.
4	It's a terrible, snowy day in Edinburgh and the Southern comforts like only a Southerner can. The local ales are nice and fresh, just like the locals. Staff are pleasant and attentive (the place is only just filling up) and the food arrived promptly.
3	Dispelling the myth of the Southside being a cheaper area in which to drink the revamped Southern extends the reach of those behind Holyrood 9a beyond The Meadows. With the addition of a couple of new small tables near the bar that area is now cramped whereas in the past it never was. All about getting the punters in though I suppose but I'm not inclined to make the trip back any time soon.
3	Paid a visit to The Southern recently in search of a hangover cure... comfort food!  We ordered burgers, there's so many yummy looking burgers to chose from, I could see it was really their forte!  I picked the grilled chicken burger Italienne, served with sun dried tomatoes, mozzarella, rocket, mayo, lettuce, tomato all surrounded in a crusty white bun roll.  Along with french fries and coleslaw in dishes on the side.  The burger was stuffed with so many delicious things it was a little hard to eat, especially when they served it on a tiny wooden board.  It was also a bit too oily, which made the lower bun soggy.  Other than that, it was really tasty and very filling, only managed eating half the burger and taking the rest home for dinner!  The coleslaw was creamy and a nice crunch and the french fries were plentiful but too fatty.  Soaked in fat, they were almost transparent!   House red wine was good (hair o' the dog) and we were sat at the window seat (we were kindly offered several options of where to sit) and it was the perfect location for watching the world go by.  The interior was slick and quirky, with an selection of vintage signs, chesterfield style banquet seating and a few select William Morris inspired tiles to break up what would have been a dull white tiled wall.  I liked these design details.  A very relaxed bar and staff are friendly too.  It's just the soggy roll and fatty chips spoiled it a little for me, however it did hit the hangover cure spot and dinner was sorted too!
2	Having been 3 or 4 times now, it's clear, I want to love The Southern, I really do. A fixture as a grungy metal bar on Edinburgh's Southside for at least 20 years, it claimed its place in music folklore when a pre-fame Nirvana played there, Kurt Cobain and all. Desperately in need of a revamp, it was taken over to much fanfare a couple of years ago by the people behind the excellent Holyrood 9A and The Red Squirrell but something has gone awry in the transformation.It's a strange layout for a pub, full of idiosyncratic nooks and crannies, with an extremely high ceiling. There is a lack of natural light that often makes the pub feel dark and imposing, part of the charm in days gone yonder, but a bit of a blight now on its new, sunny disposition. This leads to a rather flat environment with a distinct lack of buzz about the place. A friend of mine has been known on occasion to comment that the moon has more atmosphere. The saving grace is the beer which is excellent.  If you want a good selection of weird and wonderful craft beers, this place will have everything you are looking for and more.  They also provide a very good loyalty card that you get a stamp on with every drink purchased.  10 stamps gets you a fiver off the food menu.And that gives me a tidy segway into The Southern's biggest problem.  The food is vastly overpriced and painfully average.  If you are going to charge 8.95 for a burger in the heart of Studentville you need to make sure that they are top notch, especially with the quality of local competition, but sadly the pub fails on this criteria as much as value.  The burgers are often very dry and taste like the frozen and bought in variety.  They certainly aren't made on the premises which is a prerequisite for all serious burger joints. I enquired about where the patties were sourced from and the waitress said Simon Howie - an excellent butcher of some renown but not a local as he's Perth based.  The burgers feel processed in taste and texture and are frankly naff.  And its not just the meat thats the problem. On my last visit my chips, thin and stringy French fries, were woefully undercooked and inedible, and the home made coleslaw tasted out of date - bitter and nasty. It should be said that I had a lovely portion of the Soup of the day - mushroom as part of the meal. Velvety and creamy it was excellent and a reminder that The Southern's chefs can actually cook. Time for someone to put a foot up their backsides and tell them! The Southern has a few good elements, and money has clearly been spent on its refurbishment but judged on the quality and crucially, consistency of food, The Southern is a failure.
2	I have been to the Southern many times but there had been a long gap until I revisited last night.Unfortunately I was very disappointed. My two favourite dishes that I usually choose from when I visit The Southern, The Red Squirrel or Holyrood 9A are the Halloumi burger or the Haggis burger. Last night I went for halloumi. When it arrived I instantly noticed that there was a fair bit less halloumi in than I have had on previous visits. Not only that but it was considerably burnt. The bun was also incredibly crusty and flaked everywhere. I ate most of it because I was starving.When the waitress came along to clear our table she asked if everything was OK so i told her my halloumi was burnt, she went and gave my feedback to the chef then gave us 10% off our bill. This was a very decent gesture and I do like the place. The food was simply just not up to scratch.I will return if I'm in the neighbourhood and hopefully things will improve.
3	sorry Southern but i'm going to have to knock a star off.  i went for lunch with Kelly F on saturday and was rather disappointed with the burger i ordered.  it was burnt round the edges and the bun was super flaky and crusty, definitely not the previous quality i'd had before.  however, your sweet potato fries were delicious so that saved the meal a bit!  also my peppermint tea that came in a proper tea pot with loose leaves was very night, but seriously if you main focus is burgers get them right!  no one wants a burnt burger with a crusty roll for their meal :( :(
4	I started going to The Southern because it's on my bus route and it's handy for several of my friends, but I think it's actually become one of my favourite pubs in the city. They have a good and constantly changing selection of draft beers, which the bar staff are always happy to geek about, they mix a mean cocktail and the food is tasty and great value (so many varieties of burger).The atmosphere is what really makes it though, as it successfully straddles traditional cosy pub and modern beer bar. The decor's great, everything's well presented and it seems to be a very friendly regular crowd. There's also a Newfoundland dog in there quite regularly, which looks like a Shetland pony disguised as a bear, but is actually very sweet-natured.Oh, and try the sweet potato chips. I'm hooked, and I don't even like sweet potato.
4	This establishment is under the same management as Holyrood 9A.  If you look hard enough you will see the resemblance of the decoration and layout from Holyrood 9A. It is just a little wider with more space.I was here for an Xmas night out with my workmates.  I was a late comer and everyone has already basically chosen what they wanted from the Xmas menu prior to that day and they already started eating their starter.  So I decided to choose their burger from their ala carte menu and desert.  I asked the waitress if they were happy to bring the burgers together with the rest crew's burger.  They were happy enough to do so.  Helpful and very pretty waitresses (just for you Jurgen if you read this).I chose The Southern burger and when it came out.  Again the presentation is exactly the same as Holyrood 9A.  I think the burger quality is about more or less the same as Holyrood 9A.  But the king of all burgers in Edinburgh I think still lies with Lebowski.  The atmosphere here however is great though and definitely not as packed and warm as Holyrood 9A especially on a Friday.  It's filled with young, hippy locals who hang out here with their pets and one even came with a Newfoundland dog.  Everyone loved it as it was huge and took pictures with it but it stinks the place up.  Luckily we have finished our food.  Overall, I feel this place is the exactly the same as Holyrood 9A with about the same  selection of food and quality.  Why so much resemblance?. Feels like I am not in another new establishment.  Would come back with friends though but will not come here especially just for something.
4	Looks very much like the Holyrood 9A as they are part of the same group (Fuller Thompson) and so the menu is also the same. Great hangout, quite big but with a few cosy corners.  Impressive line up of lots and lots of real ale and craft kegs from the fonts behind the bar  -Great beers from Summer Wine, Hawkshead and many other very fine breweries.They allow dogs and the staff are very friendly. Its a good option on the Southside and very close to Reverie, Cask and Barrel, The Royal Dick and the Potting Shed.
4	Great local with selection of burgers, steaks and a good list of changing beers as well as varied wine list. Mixed clientele students, young professional and those on their ways to queens hall. Always a safe bet.
5	The food is very good here, a bit expensive but you get what you pay for, they also have some great beers on tap.
4	Three words: sweet potato fries. If that doesn't get you in, the excellent beer selection (both tap and bottled) as well as good burgers should do it. TIP: do you fancy bringing your dog or creepily lusting after other people's adorable puppies? This is your dog-friendly zone. :)
