5	Nice old school barber shop.  Good people and good haircuts.  Love the straight razor service to clean up the neck.
5	When Brak first arrived in the Valley of the Sun back in 2004, he fretted over having to find a new barber shop.  Back in SoCal I'd been going to the same shop for years and really liked everything about it.  I did some searching online, and came up with Floyd's.  It was nearby, and how could a joint named Floyd's Barber Shop not be awesome, I thought to myself?  Well, I really like Floyd's.  Great gang of barbers, 3 of whom have been there the entire time I've been going.  Good local chit-chat while getting the noggin buzzed.  The only thing missing is Opie wandering in for a trim.  Then again, ole Opie is balder than a cue ball nowadays, so I don't expect I'll bump into him anytime soon.  If you're looking for a good, old school barber shop, with friendly folk, very reasonable prices, and consistently good haircutting, no matter which chair you land in, then look no further, Floyd's is your joint.
3	Depending on the barber, they give great to adequate haircuts.  The most disappointing part for Floyd's is they close at 5 pm most days, so there's no way to get there by the time a lot of folks are off work.  I'd give these guys 4 stars if they stayed open to 7 pm or something like that on weekdays.
4	Get your haircut old school style. Barber was fun to talk to. Much better than any cut and snip place.
3	I am downgrading my review from 4 to 3 stars due to my last haircut. The young guy on the door seat cannot cut. Ive got him a few times and if youve ever gone to a barber you will instantly understand why this guy has a long way to go before he is a "real" barber. If you look at the Yelp tips you can see my last haircut, with pictures, as to why he isnt good. My left side of my bangs are ONE INCH shorter than the right. And yes before you ask the barber did show me my hair and I did walk out with jacked up hair. I wanted to show Yelp who to steer clear of. One shouldnt have to worry about a barber that cant even cut bangs straight. With that said the guy on the far end, ironically his dad, does a great job. However, there is a reason the the yiung guy by the door gets all the walk-ins, it is because he has the fewest amount of regulars... probably for a reason.
