1	Total RIP OFF. I went into the store for a price quote on a new motor and some replacement cartridges and they gave me a reasonable price but when I called them to come out to do the work they charged me an extra  15% on the cartridges then what they had quoted they would cost. The repair man also did not bring the replacement motor that was ordered so he could charge me for an extra 45 minutes while he drove back to the store to get the motor he had forgotten. I was also told that the new motor would come with a new pump housing in the original quote which it did not. When I called to ask the manager about the pricing he was immediately standoffish and hostile. I couldn't believe that they treat their customers this poorly. The repairman had done about  25 minutes  of work and they charged me 210.00 dollars in labor alone not to mention a price increase of about 15% for all the parts quoted. For about 50 more bucks I could have replaced the entire system. I would advise anyone looking to have their pool serviced to go else where and avoid this dishonest company.
1	I had a very bad experience with them a few years ago.  Their installer Richard came to put in a salt system.  I found him teasing the dog (apparently doorbells are not his thing).  He left without completing the work.  I was told by the company it was because we "stole a shovel years before."  Hey ... if I am going to steal, it will be for 7 figures or more!  That ended a 10 year relationship.  Very very sad.
1	7 months later and my pool is in need of repair. The pump housing has crack from being over tighten as well as the motor not being set level causing lots of vibration. This should have been replaced with the new motor as quoted. You would think for 210.00 dollars in labor they would know how to screw on a motor correctly. NO wonder it only took 25 minutes.I wish I had used someone else.
5	These guys do a great job and test my pool water all the time. They are also really good at finding out why my Hayward has stopped working. I also paid them to do an acid wash on my pool and it turned out great. They have also come out to my house on a few occasions to fix my pool filter.
5	Had this company do summer pool maintenance.  They arrived every week as scheduled and did a great job!When the pool filter had a leak, I called them, they came out as scheduled and on-time, diagnosed the problem, ordered the part and then came back to do the installation.They are my "go to" company for anything having to do with the pool.  I would not call anyone else.
