2	The Taste of Charlotte occurs annually around the first weekend of June. It's described as, "The area's Largest Food Festival. Enjoy an array of culinary delights as you choose from over 100 samples from Charlotte's Finest Restaurants." What it is is a miniaturized version of the annual fall Food & Wine Festival at Epcot without any of the international scenery.  Plus, the event is crammed onto both sides of the street down Tryon St in Uptown Charlotte (not even utilizing the sidewalks).  Imagine 150,000 people trying to walk up and down one long strip in the middle of the hot summer.  It ain't pretty.  Plus, while the idea of sampling different foods from various restaurants sounds appealing, the catch is that the booths actually have to HAVE the food that claim they're offering.  We went early in the evening on a Saturday night and a lot of booths were already "sold out," so we couldn't sample most things we even wanted to.   Additionally, out of over 100 booths, there were only 3 or 4 small booths where you could buy beverages.  How were the lines at these booths?  Did I mention it was hot out?  My recommendation to the event crew would be to take a trip to Florida, visit the Food & Wine Festival at Epcot, and see how it's done.  Then come back to Charlotte and put on a really good show.
4	The Taste of Charlotte really draws a crowd! If you are looking to get out and do something different in early June, you'll want to check it out. However, if you are the least bit intolerant of large crowds this is not for you.My husband and I gave it a try and we enjoyed ourselves. We spent $20 and tried three different restaurant dishes and got a couple bottles of water. I'm the type of person that likes to walk around and see what each restaurant has to offer.In the middle of the day, the crowd was very large and at times the lines were long. There were activities for kids too (rock wall, mini train, bikes). If you don't want crowds or get in stroller jams, go early or late.I appreciate that restaurants get together to do this because it brings families out to participate in what we all love...food!
3	On the upside, if you are from out of town, you have all this yummy southern food in a two to three block area.On the down side, they need to put the tents on the side walks and have people walk on the street.  The traffic flow is pretty brutal.Thought the music was great, but you couldn't really hear it more than 100 feet from the stage.
2	Was it 95 degrees? Yeah. Did we go anyway? Yup. I rarely waited in a line more than two people deep, which can maybe be attributed to people (rightfully) thinking that standing in the sun and eating lots of food would be pretty uncomfy.I knew it'd be tough as a vegetarian here, and it was just as I expected. Spinach dips galore (2 tents), a roasted red pepper sammich (aaarrgh), and gazpacho (3 tents!) were the options, as well as various stuffs from good ol' Woodlands and Namaste. The standout for me was the Spinach dip from Village Tavern - cheddar, jalapenos, multicolor corn chips, it was good enough to maybe drag me to the brick and mortar. We'll see.I kept feeling overwhelmed by corporate presence. Every time I turned around, I felt the eerie stare of Dunkin Donuts, or Jamba Juice, or freekin' Land o Lakes (just thinking about cream on this hottest of days was enough to make me sweat), just booth after booth of two story mobile "Flavor Factories" and other creepy, rhymie stations. Weird, and not what I expected.Those neat fans with the misting component were pretty sweet, and the beer stations were frequent and comfy. But if your only experience with local eats in CLT was from this 5 block corpo-business party, you'd be underwhelmed, to say it nicely. Where was a Vietnamese outpost? A pal tried (all of) the BBQ available - not impressed. Little-to-no classic Southern (hey, Mert's was here, at least). And nary a local beer to be seen. Sigh.Not worth my 20 bucks in coins + parking.
2	My $20/15 coins got me little of merit.  How could it?  Over five blocks, I believe the total number of local restaurants was 30.  Is that really possible?!  All in all.......it blew.
3	I can only speak to the lunchtime crowds on Friday, definitely a nice change from the usual Showmar's, Arthur's, and Fujo "lunch train" trips the guys in our company always go on.It was SOHOT today.  So. Hot.  The misting fans were definitely a plus.  I was surprised at all the chain restaurants with booths.  Salsaritas? Bravo's? TCBY? Cold Stone? I wish there would have been more local places that had great bargains.  Mert's Soul Roll was incredible. Got some Thai food from a place I couldn't remember - 2 coins for a huge plate of pad thai and some fried tofu... a great bargain!  Lots of bouncy things for the kids.  It was exactly what the star review says. A-ok.  For lunch, anyways.
3	The organizers of this event really need to do more to attract a larger group of restaurants to participate, it's basically the same 30 restaurants every year..........boring.  Perhaps a visit to the Taste of Atlanta or Chicago will give them an idea of how to take this event to the next level.  We have far too many great eateries in the area than what this event represents.
2	I've looked forward to Taste of Charlotte every year, especially this year since it will be my last one I attend unless fate brings me back to Charlotte. But I was kind of disappointed with it this year mostly for the reasons Jeff S and Demetria stated. I think it should be more of a focus on locally owned restaurants as opposed to chain ones and it just seemed lame last year compared to last. Plus, you would think it would draw in more of a crowd but there wasn't alot of people there. If they wanna play with the big cities, they definitely need to expand it whether it be more entertainment, vendors and more space. One street isn't gonna cut it. You're crammed in with people near cookers and it feels like hell. I don't like sweating while eating but that's something you have to deal with Taste of Charlotte. They definitely need to open up another street and ban those damn strollers. The coins are a decent deal but if you're expecting to get full, eat ahead of time or after if you want to keep yourself somewhat on a budget. Thanks to fabulous Yelp, I got to try chicken satay, bbq slider, a mini cupcake and a water since i was ill prepared with my water situation. The coins are weird, some places give you a good apoint of grub for 3, not enough for 2 and sometimes a good portion for 1. However, it always leaves me in a slot machine situation where I have to buy more coins or give them away. This was my first time going to Taste of Charlotte on my own (as opposed to previous years where I just walked down from work) and I wouldn't make a "special" trip again to go.
2	For those who remember the Culinary Arts Experience at Charlotte Shout held near Johnson and Wales from 2002 to 2007, that was the real Charlotte food festival.  All local restaurants, foodservice giant Compass Group chefs, celebrity chefs like Wolfgang Puck, Anthony Bourdain and more made it a true food experience.  Taste of Charlotte used to have a fair amount of local restaurants.  Most no longer participate because it's not worth the money and time to set up a booth (I've talked to several owners who feel this way).  The tokens also now cost more, and are a bit of a pain.  This year there are only 30 restaurants, and almost all of them chains.  They really need to rethink this and maybe try to bring some of what Charlotte Shout once was.  The only good thing about Taste of Charlotte is walking through and getting free samples from some of the sponsors.
2	The Taste of Charlotte is a big event - but it is really a bit of a drag.  Coins are an interesting concept until you realize just how much you are paying for the food*.  $4.29 for a tiny pork slider?  $5.71 for an alcoholic drink?  A bit much under most circumstances.  There are a couple of bargains - the mini taco salad was a decent size for the price (just one coin) comes to mind.  The free samples were decent, but few and far between.While I agree that there are mostly chains here, your average mom and pop is just unable to set up for such a huge turnout.  At the same time, your larger providers (chains) should be able to cut their price a bit and make it up on quantity.  I am sure there are all sorts of costs involved, and I have no doubt that it is a pain - but even at noon on Friday the place was packed.  Drop many items to a single coin or two and there would be even more people there - allowing everyone to easily make it up on larger volume.The food itself was tasty, if a bit bland.  Out of the thirty or so vendors, about half had to have pulled pork.  I get where we are, and I love pulled pork, but really?  Surely there should be some vetting and at some point someone needs to say there was just a bit too much pulled pork on the street.Beyond that, having the event Uptown is cool, but trying to squeeze so many into such a small space along with booths just is not all that practical.  Plus it cuts off the streets.  Maybe throw it down in Marshall park where everyone can spread out and get a little elbow room.*Prices may vary slightly depending on just how much you paid for your coins - these are based on 7 coins for $10, in case you want to figure it out for yourself.
4	I had a really good time at Taste of Charlotte - overlooking the overpriced food and drinks - I looked at it as a cost of the entertainment of the people watching. This event always brings out the interesting "foodies" of Charlotte - adults and children of all different colors, sizes and ideas of what good food is... The "one coin" curry rolls were good, the "three coin" bacon wrapped scallops were outstanding, As where the "three coin" pad Thai with ginger chicken wings. This is a well organized event that has the feel of a carnival - and whats not to like with all the tall buildings surrounding you. How many times can you just loiter around the middle of Trade and Tryon without getting hit by a car....maybe once or twice a year. I Tasted Charlotte and liked it!
4	Mai Thai Restaurant & Bar - Veggie Pad Thai with spring rolls or tofu - delicious! 3/2 coins.
3	I've had never been to Taste of Charlotte before this year, and given some of the reactions on Yelp, I my expectations weren't exactly high.  I decided, however, that I should venture forth at least once.I wasn't overwhelmed.  I wasn't exactly underwhelmed, either, given what I had read. Is it possible to be just whelmed? Anyways, I digress.  The festival is fairly expensive: 15 tokens for 20 bucks isn't a great exchange rate, especially when most things cost 3 or 4 tokens. There were also a lot of chains present: while some of them have their merits, I'm not going to a food festival to eat Salsaritas. Corporate sponsors are plentiful as well.The factor that puts my opinion firmly in "Meh" territory is that the food I did get was quite unremarkable.  I had tandoori chicken from Namaste (bland), a mini barbecue sandwich from outlaw (also bland, and sadly so, because I suspect they can do better). The filling of the mini strawberry pie I got from Divine Pies was pretty good, but there was way too much crust, and that itself was bland.... have you noticed a theme here? The only truly delicious item I consumed was the taco from Harvest Moon Grille, which was good enough that I really want to check out the restaurant now.So, overall... I wish it had been better, but it wasn't a horrible way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
3	I understand that Taste of Charlotte can garner a bad rap...it's hot, it's crowded and there are lots of corporate sponsors like the Pepsi Max tent and loads of cutlery demos. However, I have to take a bit of a stand and educate those about the number of local restaurants that are starting to participate in The Taste. Make note that 21 out of 33 restaurants represented at the Taste this year are LOCAL to CHARLOTTE. You can go to the Taste's website, check out the restaurant page and count away if you don't believe me. Yeah, the fest is pretty pricey and you do have to spend $15-$20 to actually get a fair taste. Do I think the prices could be a bit more reasonable for said tastes? Yes. Do I think if the cost to enter this festival was a bit lower that more local restaurants would get involved? Yes. Do I blame the festival for large crowds and hot weather? No. That's irresponsible. A few of my favorites at the Taste this year were the following: Tuxedo cupcake AND the sweet potato chips and hummus at Polka Dot Bake Shop, brisket slider at Outlaw BBQ, pretty much all three dishes from Woodlands, pork sliders from Harvest Moon Grille and a mini Italian beef from Matt's Chicago Dog. Hey - I got to judge the food...I was able to taste quite a bit. Don't judge me :)Could this fest be incredibly cool, local and whatnot? Yes, it could be. Start raising those funds for permits and staff and it could happen.
3	I think some people are being too harsh on this event and should just enjoy it for what it is. I mean it's hot and crowded but you really should just come expecting that. Maybe next year they can get some shade or schedule it during one of the cooler months.The coins are annoying I wish they'd just let you pay with cash. But $20 for 15 coins will get you a fair amount of foods to try out provided you don't go to the booths where they give you a teeny tiny portion for 3 coins or something like that. We spent $20 and were able to get filled up with a nice variety of foods for 2 people and we actually had spare coins left over that were spent on frozen ices to cool down on our walk back to the light rail! There are a lot of chains here, but there's also a fair amount of local shops too if you look around. The corporate stores hawking their wares annoyed me more than anything to be honest. I mean do I really need a grill flipper or scope dual action mouth wash while sampling foods?!Maybe more consistency on serving sizes between booths would be nice but seriously it's pretty nice for what it is.
3	The Taste of Charlotte sounds like a great idea on paper...a bunch of local restaurants (and a few corporate chains) line Tryon St. and offer some of their best dishes to the masses. Unfortunately, it is executed pretty poorly as the logistics of it make for an extremely crowded and cramped time while the method of purchasing food simply boggles my mind. There is definitely room for improvement, but it is still a decent time.We had no problem parking (the miss' was able to park where she works) and we made our way over to the festivities. We went at around 5:30 and headed straight to the booth to grab our stupid coins. Luckily I had found a Living Social deal where I got 7 coins for $5 (normally 7 coins cost $10), and spending that little made me feel a bit better about the overall experience. The coins themselves weren't bad...it makes things so much faster and smoother when you just give a vendor x amount of coins for a dish as opposed to fishing through for $3.50, handing over a Hamilton and waiting for change. However, the downfall of the coins is the pricing that vendors charge. Some hit that sweet spot where you feel you are getting your moneys worth, but others are ridiculously overpriced and you feel cheated walking away with one bite of food. A prime example of this is how our dishes went yesterday. I stopped by Brian's Dog House and got a Carolina Dog for 3 coins. This thing was great...a charred (and I mean burned, which is great) hotdog loaded with chili, coleslaw, mustard and onions. It was a huge portion of food and it was downright tastetacular, and I know exactly where I'm going next time I need some lunchy munchies in Huntersville. This thing was the right portion at the right price. The miss' also had a good experience with Caribbean Hut. She got the jerked chicken plate which had two huge chunks of chicken and a ton of rice and beans. That thing was not only tasty but filling, and definitely worth the 3 coins. Then she got two spring rolls from Mai Tai for 3 coins. Sure they were tasty, but it was such a tiny portion and definitely not worth 3 coins. I was tempted by the chicken diavlo at Bravo!, but it was like one small scoop that could be finished in one bite for 3 coins. Now these coins aren't cheap, and if this is going to be your meal, you want to get the most bang for your buck. I really think that some of these restaurants really need to look over their pricing system for next time...either make sure you're offering 3 coins worth of food, or lower your price to 2 coins!Luckily there were quite a few free samples of food and drink to offset the time it took to travel from one booth to the next one you wanted to hit up (it was so cramped sometimes I felt like nothing more than herded cattle). Between the free samples and careful selection of restaurants to eat at, we got a full meal out of the 7 coins. As I said, there is definitely some room for improvement. I would love to see more local restaurants participate and less corporate chains be involved. It just sickened me to see people lining up to waste their coins at freaking Hooters when they could have been checking out E2 or Room 112. The amount of people attending is sickening, and having the food booths line both sides of the street leaves cramped quarters for traveling up and down...especially when a couple of booths extended much further into the street then needed. Also, the restaurants that do participate should really ensure their pricing is consistent with the quantity and quality of food they are offering. Still, despite these issues it was a good time. We enjoyed walking around and seeing all the different restaurants being represented. While it was far from a perfect experience, it's one that I will be all over next year for sure. I'm just hoping there is another Living Social-type deal for half price coins!
3	This was my first time attending and I can't say I was dissapointed but it was lacking something I can't put my finger on.  The food vendors were certainly a mix but the food being offered at most were mundane.  There was an exception here and there like E2's tent.  That was probably the best deal out there with the sliders they had for 2 coins.  That's the other thing, $20 get's you 15 coins and most everything is at least 2 coins except the beer, that was 4.  My suggestions is drink before hand.  The beer selection is certainly nothing to rave about, maybe next year they can combine this was a craft beer side or something.Either way, it's great people watching and it gets crowded so be prepared.
3	This event has all the right ideas but doesn't quite logistically make sense to me.  This was my first time attending after living in Charlotte my whole life.  I didn't have any expectations but the idea of getting to sample a ton of restaurants in the area sounded good to me!The heat...didn't bother me....the people...didn't bother me...the quality of food...eh, didn't really bother me.But, what DID bother me was the layout and the quality of vendors.  If you are claiming this is a TASTE of Charlotte then show me something worth tasting.  Hooters?  Salsaritas?  Costco?  Tons of bars and grills?  Come on.  I know there were a couple of good quality restaurants represented but to that point I agree with others that say the crowds are just out of control.  If you have to wait in a 2 hour line to get one of the 3 decent restaurants represented that it holds up the entire walkway..something is logistically wrong.  Maybe this should be held indoors at the convention center?  Maybe on a wider street?  I don't know but something wasn't working and you don't have to be an event planner to know that.There was an element of class missing from the overall event in my opinion.  I felt like people would rather throw an elbow to get to the chicken wings than enjoy a stroll through yummy food lane.  Overall...I thought it was brutal.  Would I go back?  Probably not unless I saw that they stepped up the vendor list and that the layout was totally different.***on a positive note, I discovered Spice (in Concord) and they were great.  I love Indian food and am always looking for a new spot so I will give them a try in the near future
3	Next time I see a review of something with only 3 stars and 22 reviews, I'll take notice. Ah Yelp, you've been my guide in my new city on many many, many many, maaaaaany, occasions. I used you to check out this event and did not take heed of any of the naysayers. You see, I was already biased. I lived in Cincinnati, OH where our Taste of Cincinnati, was a HUGEEEEE event every year. I figured you couldn't go wrong with an event like this. I'm not saying this event was all bad by any means, but I had pretty high standards to compare it to. 1. Tokens? Ok I can see why they are possibly a better alternative, but did you have to make them so expensive??? Seriously! I think it ended up being almost a $1.50 per token and half the stuff there was 3 to 4 tokens. I could have just saved my cash and gone to the Chinese restaurant, New Zealand that I love so much and had a much better ENTIRE meal for waaaaay less than I paid for the morsels of food I got. I felt like I paid nearly 5 dollars for a sample. That really bummed me out. Being new here, I didn't realize they had a Living Social deal either, so I saved no money. 2. Hooters? Really? No, I'm not some girl bashing the lovely ladies of Hooters either. I think it's a fun place myself, but not at an event like this. I hated seeing how many chain restaurants there were. At home it was almost ALL local eateries with huge portions and amazing food. 3. The size was much smaller than ours at home too. For what I paid in tokens I just really expected more. I may go back next year, but only if I can find a deal like they were running this year. Like, for example I got a CAN of blue moon. It was 4 tokens... That means it was over $5 for a can of beer. I know compared to the sporting events that's not bad, but wow. Just. Wow. Now, there was some good stuff too, hence the 3 stars. 1. I had a great time just seeing my new surroundings, but if I were a local, it'd be old news. 2. I LOVED all the free samples of random stuff. 3. The NBA park was cool, and the booth that trimmed the facial hair for men was pretty neat. 4. Parking was MUCH easier than ours in Cincy. We paid about $4, and were just a couple blocks away. 5. One bakery was selling tasty little cupcakes for one token. They were one of the few who even had anything to offer for a token. 6. They had some unique booths and cooking demos, that looked sort of interesting although we didn't stop to partake in any of the demos. All in all, really I just expected much more though. If you're a newbie next year, like I was this year, I'd say go and check it out, but look for discounts online. It is extremely crowded, but I was used to that from ours so be prepared if you've never been to a Taste event.
3	It appears that I am one of the few that enjoyed the taste of Charlotte, specially compared to years past. I agree the prices are absolutely ridiculous and it left me wondering who comes up with the token prices and how many tokens it costs for what. I did think there was a broad selection of restaurants and a good amount of other vendors and shows. There were a couple vendors giving out free samples. I am surprised that there were not even more free samples though seeing the type of venue it is.
4	Barbeque Sliders Emeril La Gasse new restaurant represents Shrimp Etoufee Awesome
3	My first Taste of Anywhere.  The atmosphere was good.  I enjoy Uptown.  I thought the layout was good.  There could have been more places to sit.  It did make me add a few restaurants to my places to visit, which I would think is the main reason food vendors participate.  Which brings me to my gripe... the prices are hard to swallow if you want to try a lot of vendors (Isn't that the general idea at a tasting?).  Sample prices should be cut in half, and/or coupons handed out when you buy a sample.  One place actually did give me a $5 coupon.  Promoting a product usually means making it attractive to get in the hands/mouths of the consumer.  Judging by the enthusiasm and size of the crowd, maybe it doesn't matter.  Maybe a large part of the proceeds go to a good charity, and then I'm OK with the cost.
3	New to Charlotte.  I think that makes a difference in how you feel about this event.  I thought it was OK.  There were corporate sponsors mixed in with local restaurants, and the coins to purchase food with were a bit pricey, and there was a huge crowd, and it was hot, but this is comparable with most events of this type.  I liked that I was able to sample a bunch of restaurants with relatively little investment and research and talk to lots of people since I just relocated here.  I don't know if I'd go again next year, but it was definitely a good choice at the time.  Some of the lines for meat-based dishes were expectedly long (like bacon-wrapped steak) , but overall,  I didn't have to wait too long for anything I wanted.  I did like seeing local performers doing belly dancing, capoeira, and aerial dance.  This gave me a better sense of the kinds of activities that are available here. Your mileage may vary, but if you want a general sense of what's in Charlotte,  I think it's worth a few hours.
4	WooHooo!Not much can be expected.It was a street fair. Wish the fair was spread out over to the next street so there was more room to walk. Maybe a few picnic areas would be nice. Overall a great time was had.
3	Between the relentless shouts of "Buy this insurance!" and "Give us your email addresses!" and "Sweepstakes, Sweepstakes, SWEEPSTAKES!" for lord knows what, and "YOU COULD WIN A CAAAAAARRRRR!" I'm sure you'll find something to enjoy year after year at ToC. It's like a mix between a fair and flea market. Would you like to purchase a birdhouse or tie dye shirt with your barbeque slider? Of course you would!Things to look for: Nicer restaurants in town such as e2. These guys were serving up the best Shrimp Po Boy slider I've ever had in my entire life. It was freaking amazing. Perfect bun execution, darn good pickles, shrimp was to-die-for. Keep the stuff like that coming. Also, Woodlands had paper dosa masala. Winner every time. Other things fall by the wayside for me. I don't want a bunch of kitschy free stuff to take home. It seems to be less about the food and more about an all-consuming consumer fest. HA! Also, be on the lookout for characters.....of all kinds. I swear we saw a guy that was dressed up like Predator. No joke.
3	My sis and I had a fun time at the 2013 taste of Charlotte event. Lots of great free samples and several high quality restaurants showcasing their products. I loved the fried pickles from the ale house and they gave a $5 off card. The culture and atmosphere on Friday night was nice because it wasn't busy and cheerful people with good music. Some of the restaurants were a just dumb with their portion size. If I'm giving you 3 tokens that's $4. Why would I pay $4 for a tiny piece of chicken or one cupcake? Add some rice or veg to the chicken and make the cupcake 2 tokens.
4	What a neat thing to do in Charlotte!We came here to see what Taste of Charlotte is all about.  Basically you get pop-up store fronts of different stores and restaurants that Charlotte has to offer.  Some of which, Place - in the Uptown of Charlotte. Parking was a beast.  Had to walk quite a bit for a $10 parking.  But thankful enough we were able to come back the same day with my parking pass.  The chains of stores/restaurants was long, along the streets.  So it makes it worthwhile to attend.Music - good music entertainment, shows, saw a Zumba thing that was fun.Food - eclectic mix of food of american and other nationalities.Freebies - cannot go wrong with free Chobani yogurt! What a good way to introduce a new flavor by offeing to the mass like us.Price - Saw some that were reasonable, others that are expensive that made me think if it was worth it. Loved - Got to have my Dippin' Dots!Was able to obtain some tokens (thanks Ben & JJ) so my husband and I got to try different things along the strip.
3	It is a good idea! Good for the local merchandise, and visitors are happy. But the food is just average.
5	Just finished Bellydancing at Taste of Charlotte -- the people running it are great !!Tons of great food and drinks.Fun
3	Always a fun time! Best tip: go during the day or early as possible. The later you attend the more amount of people and the more crowded and crammed it gets.
