5	EXCEPTIONAL accommodations! We were expecting a nice place but this was above and beyond. Great breakfast in the morning with grits that would feel at home on a five star menu. Highly recommend The Duke for a wedding or at least your pictures.One word of warning if you're staying in The Harris or The Van Every rooms... There is a conference/meeting space across the hall. We stayed during the week and a group of loud businessmen discussing their golf game woke us up at 7:30am. If you need to sleep in, consider the 3rd floor.
4	I would give The Duke mansion a "5 star" rating if every traveler was just like me - able to sleep through anything.  But since the Mansion is more than just a B&B...it is a living, breathing conference/wedding/meeting place, it can be noisy.  Other than that, it is delightful and sumptuous. The breakfasts in  the morning are wonderful and elegantly prepared.  The whole neighborhood is exquisite and you feel as if you're being pampered the second you drive into the area and see all the old, gorgeous mansions and manicured lawns.  It's a pleasure to be a part of such a piece of history, but if you're a light sleeper, think twice!
5	If I could give this place 10 stars, I would.  So for now, just imagine I'm giving it all 5 starts times two :-)There is not enough that I can say about The Duke Mansion.  Anyone looking to escape the hustle and bustle of everyday life, look no further.  The Duke Mansion will transport you back in time, to when life was a bit slower and finer.The rooms at this place are exquisite.  This place is one of rare vintage indeed.  The first thing I noticed about our room was that the ceilings were well over 15 feet high.  You just don't fined places like that anymore.  And the entire mansion is both bright, and spotless.  Very well kept.The grounds are astonishingly well kept.  You can spend an hour walking around the grounds, just adoring the flowers, exotic local birds and landscaping.It's obvious that a lot of people get married at the Duke Mansion, and that's no surprise.  Highly recommend you check this place out if you're getting married in NC, or would be willing to travel to NC to get married, just to do something different for a change.The breakfast was spot on.  Basic Southern food, delicious to the core.  The staff are super friendly.  Typical of the South though :-)Another great facet about the Duke Mansion is it's proximity to downtown Charlotte and other lively, nearby suburban neighborhoods.  It's rare to find a place that seems so isolated (in a good way) but yet offers 15 minute access in any direction to whatever you want to do.TIP: Get either room 204 or 205.  These rooms share the lovely, screened in private balcony.  The balcony overlooks the fountain. It's so peaceful.  And it's massive.  There are both swings and lounge chairs.I will definitely be going back to the Duke Mansion.  This place is heavenly.  Do it!
5	Wonderful, hidden gem in Charlotte.  My husband and I spent our wedding night there - the breakfast the next morning was outstanding.  I would highly recommend this for a romantic evening or wedding night.
