5	Where three other drycleaners felt they could not spot treat a stained gossgrain ribbon, Mom & Pop's Drycleaning came through!After a random oil stain hit a ribbon I was embroidering I was just beside myself.  Hours of work down the drain and I only made it worse by trying to clean it myself!  I took it to Al Phillip's Drycleaning as well as a few other local places who all said they couldn't spot treat it.  Thank goodness to the woman at Al Phillip's for recommending M&P's Drycleaning.  They not only turned the ribbon around in a shorter time than quoted, but got the stain out 98% and left me very satisfied.  Would definitely recommend and use again!
5	Finally found my favorite dry cleaning store in town.  Price is reasonable, and service is far better than more pricey ones.  They don't ship your clothes to other warehouses.  All the cleaning is done within the store, so it's faster and adds more personal touch.  There are several mom and pops around town, but this one seems to run independently (Lake Mead and Buffalo location).  Love them!
3	I wanted to love this place. Its only a few miles from the GFs apartment and its called Mom & Pops; I mean how could you go wring here? The price is a little high about 50 cents or so. I'd be ok with that normally but they have to get my order right. My shirts were clean but I asked them to launder my shirts not Dry Clean them. The cost savings is huge for me to have shirts laundered rather than dry cleaning and even though they said they understood they still dry cleaned everything. (Only had 2 silk shirts out of 9 that needed that done)  I will keep them in mind for difficult stains but will be shopping around for a store that can follow directions.
1	My wife and I used the Mom & Pop Cleaners on Hualapai and 215 for about six years and the service and the attitude of the lady who works in this store could not have been better. She always remembered our names and the manner in which I wanted my shirts finished. When we moved to the Northwest part of town I decided to try the Mom & Pop store on West Lake Mead. The owner of this franchise acts like a jerk and apparently is not possessed of the minimal level of intelligence required to enter a name or a phone number correctly into his customer database to retrieve customers' garments. After some hot words I left before I punched him in the mouth and got myself hauled off to the Clark County jail. Needless to say I will not return to spend money with a man so lacking in common courtesy and customer service skills that it is torture doing business with him. Instead, I shall return to my former store even though it is seventeen miles from my home.
5	Mom and Pop's drycleaners exceeds my expectations and is one of the better dry cleaning locations I have experienced in Las Vegas. I don't live in Las Vegas anymore but I visit often to see friends and family, and when I do, I bring everything I have that needs to be dry cleaned here. I've brought the ugliest stains you could possibly see to this location and they've never let me down, along with numerous pants that needed to be altered. The entire staff are just wonderful wonderful people, not to mention the owners are the cutest things! These guys care about their customers leaving satisfied. I definitely recommend this cleaners!
2	My initial impression of this place is very very good. Nathan at the front counter provided the most positive customer experience I've encountered in years. So polite, a nice handshake welcoming me as a new customer, and a very professional manner throughout our two minute interaction of me parting with my beloved clothing. I get nervous about finding a trustworthy dry cleaner that will do a good job. I do like that they do it on house too. So far, I would highly recommend checking this place out. It was $5/pants or woman's blouse for dry clean. About half that for pressing. I will follow up once I've picked up.UPDATE: Received all my clothes back but with two damaged pieces. A zipper missing on a jacket, and a silk shirt completely ruined. Won't be returning to this cleaner.
2	don't waste your time.  all my clothes came back with stains on them and they still charged me $84.00.  Bad service.
5	Been going here for 15 years. Best customer service. The couple who own this place are great with customers. I've gotten a lot of pants altered here as well. Very good work.
