4	Want to impress your friends with a super sweet authentic costume?  Come to Costume World.  Too cheap to pay the $100 plus rental for that?  Come to Costume World and get the one out of the plastic bag!  Costume World has been a Strip mainstay for years.  I remember thinking how weird, but cool, it was that there was a costume shop open year round.  But the super cool thing about this store is that it has really elaborate and fancy costumes for rent.  Back in the day they used to let you in the back to just look at the costumes.  Now you have to be serious about renting one to get back in the mystical, mysterious looking roped off section.  A lot of local theater companies rent out these costumes.  I assume costume world obtains old theater costumes to rent out as well.  The front part of the store is your basic plastic bagged costumes.  Your assorted slutty -fill in the blank - girls costumes and the beer can boys costumes.  They also have a pretty elaborate hair and make-up counter.  It's a pretty fun environment to visit during Halloween because it's buzzing with people and workers dressed up to the nines.  Or any other time during the year that you need that random costume.  I also enjoyed the one counter chicks HUGE Halloween tattoo covering her entire chest.  Now THAT'S dedication to a holiday!
4	A friend brought here for the wig & stocking collectionOH YES!I had to control myself because there were soooo many cute wigs.Nice plus size panty hose selection too & pretty reasonably priced.Would have shopped more more more, but I didn't bring another suitcase & I was flying back home. I did so much shopping this visit to Pittsburgh, I wish my friend brought me to this store first day of my visit--not the last day...Now I know for next time!?!?
1	The selection of costumes is a little small, but the main problem with this store is the staff. It was almost impossible to get someone to assist me (although there were staff members around to follow me around like a criminal - I suppose being a woman in my 30s I look like I am going to run out without paying for a pair of tights or something). I was told that they were short staffed because 2 people had called in sick (on the day before Halloween). After I had failed to get someone to assist me for over 15 minutes (no one was to be found), I grabbed a wig and tried it on. A nice older gentleman came over to assist us (finally) and as he was helping me, a younger man who I can only describe as extremely rude with a chip on his shoulder came over to shout at me because I needed to purchase a wig cover for $2. He shouted this at me as if I was scum. Where was he for the 15 minutes I was trying to get help? Why didn't the other man who did finally come over to help me tell me about this? Was it necessary to shout at me in the middle of the store? When I put it on and tried on a wig, he then found the time to run over and shout at me again that a bit of my hair was not tucked entirely under the wig and screamed about how unhygienic I am. I know that working with the general public can be hard, but that is no reason to be extremely rude and condescending. Not to mention, no help. They really need to do a better job of hiring staff for this store.
1	PLEASE READ BEFORE BUYING/RENTING A COSTUMEI've rented a costume twice from this store and I plan on never renting from here again. I'll be giving honest feedback of both the pros and cons pertaining to this business.CONS1) Fees, Fees, Fees - If you're looking to rent beware. I got charged a $100 late fee for turning my costume in 1 DAY late, which was the price I paid to rent it. Grant it, it does state this in the contract (although in small print), but I was never informed of this at the time of the rental, which would have been nice. In addition, I have a job so getting there during business hours is a tad tricky for me. Also, if there's any itty-bitty damage, they'll charge you for that as well. This is clearly how they make up their margins and to me it's a poor business practice. I'm not arguing the concept of late fees. I understand items need to be returned, but the amount is irrational. So for $200 you could buy something pretty elaborate and never have to return it.2) Most of the staff (I say most bc not all the staff was bad) is either too pushy or rude. This doesn't really bother me as a whole. It's a costume store so I'm not expecting to be blown away by superior customer service like I would at a high end retailer but they act as if they're doing you a favor by renting you a costume. And they do definitely follow you around and watch you like a hawk as if you're going to run out with their items (maybe people have in the past?)3) Pricing - when it comes to pricing it seems like you're paying whatever they feel like charging that day. I paid different prices each year and there doesn't seem to be any method to their madness. PROS 1) They do have a cool selection of items. However, I rather purchase something from Goodwill then pay $100 for something I will only wear once ($200-$1000 depending on damage and/or late fees). I do think you're better off purchasing something online or at another Halloween store. However, if you are looking for something extravagant this could be your move but just make sure you shoot over to the store as soon as the holiday ends or they'll start tacking on the fees.2) The workers do seem passionate about costumes and pairing items. But again, this is hit or miss depending on who you work with as you can see from some previous reviews as well.Hopefully this is helpful. I don't want to give the impression that it's all bad because it's not. I just don't agree with how they manage certain areas of their business, and I think it will certainly lead them to losing repeat customers like me and I'm sure others.
