1	Enter this Cleaners at your own risk! Normally a customer of "Prestige" in Scottsdale, I was hoping to find a local Dry Cleaner in town. Mistakenly, I took for granted the 'skill' it takes to dry clean, as well as the customer service it takes to keep a business thriving. I dropped off a Winter Coat, Black Sweater (somewhat dirty), and 3 pair of dress pants. The Coat was fine. The Black Sweater I literally had to get a roller & wet rag to finish cleaning. I never had something returned so sloppy. And then the pants.... all 3 of them had almost the exact same markings on the legs - as if someone spilled a solution or pressed too hard with an iron or something; I'm speculating because I don't know what goes on inside a Dry Cleaner! What I do know is that the Dry Cleaning process did not go well and though they were 2 different styles and colors, all three were stained the same way! I brought them back for re-do - already worried. They were returned the same: essentially RUINED. Luckily, the pants were still posted on the Express website, so I printed out the pictures & costs of all three and brought them in for reimbursement. Fairly straightforward, except for the fact that Mr. Le Baron Manager (Owner?) decided he was going to "challenge" me on the garments. Yes, apparently it's more important for him to be right than successful, because my clothes are now in a 'Trial by Jury' process, with the "Jury" being a group of Dry Cleaners to whom he pays a monthly "fee" in order to issue a  'report' in situations much like... this. Color me pessimistic, but I'm not feeling that "report" is going to come back in favor of me (the person that doesn't pay 'dues').  Oh ya... it takes a month.As I said in the beginning, Enter At Your Own Risk: knowing that your clothes may come back dirty, knowing that your clothes may come back ruined. And if they DO come back ruined, well, you just might be out of luck as the likelihood for proper reimbursement is slim. Actually, who am I kidding? Why would anyone want to enter this Dry Cleaner at all?I'll keep you posted on this, folks.
5	I've been coming to this cleaners for 12 years and have yet to have One item ruined.  The staff has been nothing but pleasant, accommodating and will continue going there
5	My regular dry cleaners having closed, I was forced to find a new one in town.   Without much hope, I was bringing in a favorite silk blouse that had a bad stain of watered down salad dressing.  In a last ditch effort to save it, I brought it into Le Baron because it was the closest one.  The man at the counter was friendly, informative, and gave me a flicker of hope regarding their approach to stains.  What a shock when I went to pick it up today, as the stain was completely gone, plus two smaller stains my former dry cleaner couldn't get out!  I actually had tears in my eyes because this blouse was expensive.  The woman was smiling and friendly and the charge was not only less than my former dry cleaners, but less than I was quoted when I brought it in!  They have a happy new customer now, and I will recommend them to all my friends.
2	I'm somewhat torn on this review - my item was ultimately cleaned and there were a couple of things done well. But there were some clear oversights and a missed opportunity to make good on the whole experience, thereby ensuring a repeat customerI adopted a young dog a year ago, and despite the rescue group assuring me she was fully housebroken...she wasn't. I don't really fault the rescue group - with all the change and turmoil rescue dogs go through, training can be forgotten and has to be relearned in the new forever home.Suffice to say, there were a few accidents in the house, and she peed on my bed. I was able to get the duvet cover washed in my own washing machine, but the duvet itself was too big. So I needed to take it elsewhere to be cleanedI took it to Le Baron and was given my pick-up day. On the appointed day, I went to pick it up, but was told it hadn't been cleaned yet and could I please come back another couple of days later. I agreed, no problemOn my second return to pick up, they couldn't find the duvet at all! Spent the better part of an hour looking, to no avail. The girl in the store called the owner, and to the owner's credit, he came in on his day off to help locate the missing duvetUnfortunately, it STILL hadn't been cleaned, so I was asked again to return in a another couple of days. Again...I agreedWhen I finally picked up the duvet, it was clean - however, the amount charged was more than what I had been told on the phone, and...perhaps some sort of courtesy credit could have been given, for the repeated delays and the temporarily lost itemAs I've said, the duvet was ultimately cleaned, no stain remained and the owner did come in on his day off - but given the whole experience, I've chosen to take my business elsewhere
5	I have been a regular customer at LeBaron's for years and years.. probably close to 15 years.  The customer service is first rate.  Prices are fair.  Cleaning and laundry are always done well and on time.
