4	I go to Einstein Bros Bagels for lunch almost every other week when I have a craving for something that's not greasy and fills me up really well.  What impresses me is the large menu of yummy bagel sandwiches, not only of the breakfast kind but also of the lunch kind.My favorites:1.  Tuna salad sandwich - tangy and 2.  Pastrami Melt - the melty cheese and salty pastrami hits the spot on those extra hungry days3.  Spinach and mushroom pizza bagel - the melty cheese, 'shrooms and spinach combination is suprisingly filling and yummyConclusion:  A great lunch time place to eat and hang out.  Bonus of being able to do half sandwich and soup/chip combo makes a well rounded lunch!
5	Great service every time!
4	Good Service, Good Bagels, Good Quality, Great Price!My boyfriend brought me here to get breakfast twice. The bagels are super fresh and super tasty. Way better than the bagels I get at home, Bay Area, California. The bagels are fluffy and the cream cheese is so flavorful! The mornings can get busy, but still the food comes out quick and its delicious.Not much to say, but I'll be coming back when I'm in Vegas. Though I just found out there is an Einstein Bros Bagels on my campus...
4	Love this place! I like that they are always able to tell me which bagels accommodate my dietary needs (vegan). In love with the pumpkin bagels. I look forward to them every fall. :)
4	This place is great! I love the breakfast items. Try the Sante Fe, just let that sucker cool down for a bit or you will suffer the wrath of molten lava in your mouth. The coffee is cheap and really good, especially the vanilla hazelnut. The customer service seem to be a little slow as you can wait at the register for a while before someone acknowledges you. Here's a hint Einstein if you read these.. designate one cashier and they stay there.
2	Super slow service compared to other EBs. IlI go to the one on Sahara even though its 10 minutes out of the way next time.
5	"happiness is a warm bagel" says the girl's shirt working behind the counter. Amen I say!  As you drive up to this very busy parking lot you will notice a line out the door.  Hey this is the neighborhood digs!  don't let it fool you...these peeps are on top of their game-why else would people wait outside waiting to get in the door? Today, just a regular day where I find myself dreaming about what I'm gonna get while I peer in the window to a packed house.  I get through the line and there she is...Wendy...the manager I think.  This girl may not know me from Adam but she is consistently happy to serve with her smiles....no matter how crazy busy the place is she is never frazzled.  Consistent customer service had by all.  So I order my sesame bagel toasted with vege cream cheese.  Simple and delish!!!  Out the door in 20 minutes.  Not too bad considering I started my wait outside.Their bagels are always fresh.  I have ordered a variety of things here and everything is great.  The store is clean, the customers are friendly as well as the staff. I would have to say Einstiens is a staple breaksfast spot in our book and thank goodness it's close to the house!
4	Busy place! It was everything you'd expect from an Einstein Bros Bagels. Nothing special. I'll go back, but be prepared to wait in a long line if you go on a weekend morning between 7-11am
4	There is nothing better on a Saturday morning than to have a cinnamon sugar bagel with honey butter (healthy eh?).  This location was pretty packed when we came in, which is understandable at 10am on a Saturday.I was also impressed to see other selections beyond plan bagels, such as a PB&J baked good, pastry's and other items.  I look forward to venturing around the menu, as Einstein's has never really disappointed!
1	My husband WAS going here for carry out breakfast 2-3 times each week, but they have now screwed up our order 4 times in a row and we are done!  I just threw away my breakfast.  He had ordered the Southwest Turkey Sausage sandwich for me and I instead received some disgusting thing with no sausage, piled with mushrooms and so much of some orange sauce that the entire wrapper was covered.  They just cannot our simple order for 2 right!  We are done and not going back.
4	I love Einstein in general.  This location is by my doctors office  Staff was friendly.  Bagel was excellent.   No complaints.
2	I came here on my lunch break because I had a coupon for buy one get one free. I figured, why not let me check this place out. There was only 1 other customer there. I went up front and asked if I would enable to order a skinny bagel with the coupon and she said yes so I placed my order. Her response was I'm sorry but my computer is down. I asked does that mean I can't place an order? She said yes. Well you'd think she would of told me that when I was asking questions not when I'm ready to place an order. I look down at her name tag and realize she's a shift manager. She said she's be right back she would go in the back and get me a coupon for 2 free sandwiches for my next visit. As I'm standing there I'm thinking to myself you're going to get coupons for 2 free sandwiches then why can't you just give them to me now an place them in your computer when it comes up. You'd rather have me walk out and take the chance of me not coming back. I get that things go down and it was unexpected but I never expected that you'd just let me leave without placing an order. I still want to go back and try it out so I will update this review when I do
4	This is my favorite Einsteins in Vegas. The crew has their stuff together and manage to fill orders and serve food in record time. They're friendly to boot! My main reason for not visiting the one closer to my work is becuase of the time iit takes to order and recieve it. This one has employees that understand the sense of urgency I'm in when I drop by on my way to work.
4	Love the bagels and smear! Don't order a sandwich to go though bc it'll take forever. Customer service is still on par though!
5	Came for lunch and there was 1 person I front of me. Quick service. Easy in and out. Tastes just like the rest of the Einstein's. Delicious! Can never go wrong with a tasty turkey on a toasted sesame bagel with a pickle and side of  potato salad.
3	When it comes to bagels, Einstein Bagels is 3 5 star good. However, they are nothing in comparison to the Bagel Cafe and New York bagel shops. Since there is only one bagel cafe and the New York bagel shops are nearly 3,000 miles away, my tastebuds coexist with Einstein Bagels.    Today, I stopped off at this Einstein Bagels on the way to Spring Mountains National Recreation Area. It is off the 215 Freeway along Durango Drive and just south of Centennial Hills Hospital. It was a breeze to get to.  The experience I had at this location is really no different than the other Einstein Bagels I reviewed. I walked in. I ordered and gave them my name. I walked past the display case of bagels where I paid. The cashier handed me a coffee cup before they brought me my bagel. I had the choice of few brews of coffee to fill the cup. The coffee is on a par with the coffee house chains. The way that I could tell the coffee us good is that I don't need syrup in it. The refills are unlimited. A few minutes after sitting down, I was biting into the toasted sesame bagel with salmon shmear. The bagel was 3.50 star good. That puts it on the same league as a Dunkin Donuts bagel. The coffee and bagel with salmon shmear duo came out to $5.01. Not bad! But not spectacular! My complaint about Einstein Bagels, which is the exact one that dates back to my 2012 review on this company is that they don't include a side item like a pickle or potato salad. It takes some getting used to when the New York bagel shops would include potato or macaroni salad and a pickle with the meal. Even their more $ nova lox sandwiches don't include a side. Maybe thats why Einstein Bagels only lasted around three months in the New York market.  When I returned to my car, I drove toward Durango Drive with no enthusiasm for Einstein Bagels. If Dunkin Donuts was on the right side of the road I probably would of chosen it over Einstein Brothers. My realty is that because Einstein Bagels is all Vegas really has for bagel shops with the exception of Bagel Cafe and a couple others, I will settle for 3.5 star bagels.
4	I will admit that I'm a little biased when it comes to my bagels because I'm from Northern NJ and New York City, but I have to admit that these are pretty darn good. Not exactly the quality of New York, but it's there and better than anything you can find in the area.  Service is excellent even when packed.
5	Ahhh Einstein Bros Bagels. I love this chain. Reliable food and drinks, what more can you ask for? This location is near to my house, so it's great for last minute bagel trips. The staff are always good and the bagels are always fresh even if you go later in the day.
5	Everyone was very friendly. The restaurant was clean. I ordered a turkey sandwich on a bagel it was great and the cup of fruit that came with it was great too. I have nothing negative to say about this place.
5	This restaurant has been a weekly (at least!) staple for our family.  The service is always great and food perfect every time.  Kudos to management for running a great restaurant!
5	My wife and I go to this Einstein's every Sunday and the service is always fast.  The staff is friendly. My wife loves the coffee there and I love their sandwiches.  A bit pricey but that is expected.  If you fill out the survey on the receipt, you get a free drink, time and time again.  The manager of this restaurant is always in the front making sure her staff is doing the right thing.
5	Adriana, the store manager, is great. She remembered my name after only two visits. Fast service with a smile. Always have my favorite bagels available. I never wait in line as they are very efficient. Go in and get a bagel. Great coffee too.
1	I hadn't had Einsteins in a while so my husband and I stopped in there. The first time they were out of the bagel that I wanted. So I order something different. We waited about 25 minutes for our food. Nothing too bad but definitely not impressive. I really like there coffee so I went back. My second time I order my food then a bagel sandwich for my husband. Before I could finish my order the server cuts me off. Shouting at me when he does it, he quickly apologizes for shouting and tells me about how he is having a rough day.... Then I get to where I need to pay and there is no one there. One lady looks over at me and says someone will be right with me. Then she goes to where you order and starts asking him to switch with her. Made me feel like she didn't want to help me. So I get my food get home and my husbands sandwich was made wrong. We spent over $7.00 for his sandwich alone and to not have it right after being treated rudely is not a good business. I will not be returning. Which is really disappointing because I do like their food.
