3	A standard Japanese restaurant located in a small strip mall off of W. Charleston Boulevard.  A tiny sushi bar occupies the corner along with a flat screen TV.  With only one waitress and one sushi chef on a Friday night, they can easily handle the light crowd on a Friday night.Upon seating and getting our drink orders, the waitress automatically brings out miso soup.  A nice treat as you peruse the menu.  For dinner, I chose the Nozomi's Combination Dinner of three items.  For $16.95, I got tempura, pork katsu, and fried scallop.  Rice, a side salad, sunomono, and pickled daikon accompanied my order.  The BF went for the same - but his choices were the grilled saba, pork katsu, and the chicken katsu.  We were both impressed with the hearty amount of the food we got and both had leftovers to bring home surprisingly enough.  The fried scallops were juicy buggers, and some on the big side too!  (Other choices for the combination include chicken teriyaki, beef teriyaki, salmon teriyaki, vegetable tempura, and fried oyster.)Their menu not only includes your basic Japanese fare and sushi rolls, but also their Steak Joshua ($14.95) - "New York steak seasoned with Hawaiian rock salt and grilled in garlic butter" and their famous Chuckster Salad ($9.95 sm; $13.95 lg) - "Assorted chunks of sashimi, sweet cucumbers, and daikon topped with tempura flakes and special sauce".They do offer all you can eat sushi for $25.99/pp as well.Service was good, simple and efficient.  I got the impression they had regulars there from the way they didn't have to look at the menu to put their order in.  We expect to return again for a satisfying meal.(I uploaded our dinner pics in the business profile!)
3	Hearty portions the first time around brings us back again...There's something different about the menu...they got rid of their three combo special!  Bummer! For $12.95, I got the chicken and beef teriyaki that came with tempura and a four-piece CA roll.  The lunch came with one piece of shrimp tempura and three pieces of veggies, the beef and chicken, rice, pickled daikon, a side salad with creamy dressing and miso soup.  The beef and chicken were okay, heavy on the teriyaki sauce.  The tempura was just alright as well.  But the CA roll was pretty disappointing. I never order it, but it's been a long time since I've actually seen the kani sitting there in one piece.  (Nowadays they usually chop it up and mix it a little so it looks and tastes a lot better.)  For $14.95, the Big F got the two combo lunch with chicken Katsu and fried scallops.  It also came with miso soup, pickled daikon, side salad, rice, and sunomono.  He remembered the fried scallops from before, which is why he ordered them again.  He was less than impressed this time around with his entire lunch.There was only one official waitress working and maybe the lunch crowd filled up more this time.  But she was running around a lot and it wasn't until we were almost done did someone from the back come out and help her clean up the dirty tables.  Overall, our experience the first time was much better. The food just wasn't up to par.  We definitely wouldn't eat here again, especially without a coupon!   It's a pretty average Japanese restaurant.  And with how their CA roll was, I'm not too excited to try their sushi.2.5 stars.
4	I totally pigged out there for dinner.  The spicy scallop roll was excellent.  The food tasted very fresh.  I took a friend there that has never had sushi.  He loved it there.  Also loved the tempura!
3	I never expected to find such a treasure in an odd part of town, but I found another entryway into Japan on Charleston Blvd and Rancho here in Las Vegas. What was amazing to me was this small restaurant is nestled between a poker lounge and a dental office, and it's called Nozomi. As my manager explained when telling me about this little place, it's one of those eateries you wouldn't normally step in to because of the location and fear of food poisoning. However, I am estatic to say that profile of this place is dead wrong.They have the menu posted on their entrance, which is typical of any Japanese restaurant where I come from, and their decor is so simple and very Japan that I was right at home when I walked in. The seating arrangement is casual; sit where you like, whether it be the small sushi counter in the corner or one of the many tables, it's up to you. The menus are under the glass on the tables, so you can order from it as you go during the evening. I have to say that I was happy to see a steak dish on the Japanese menu, and different ways to order tempura and sushi.The one thing that is off putting to me in the states is this constant use of avocado in every sushi rull imaginable. When ordering the tempura roll (finally, a place that has a shrimp tempura roll!), there were chunks of avocado in it. I was at first apprehensive to taste it, but it turned out to be quite good. Their yellowtail and tuna are just as great, and served up Japanese style. The one test I have for any Japanese restaurant is their tempura--and they surpassed my test.Their tempura is one of the best in Las Vegas, and as good as the Genji Japanese restaurant in the Hilton on Guam. The cuisine from Guam is impeccable, including Japanese food, and the tempura was authentic and fried up by old Japanese men straight from Japan. When trying to find good tempura in Vegas, I look for the signs of a good Japanese place--Japanese owners, and Japanese people eating in that restaurant. I found both here.We did wait long for the tempura, but when it was received we realized that they were waiting for the oil to heat up to get it perfect. We ordered tempura three times that evening, and were quite satisfied. I have to say that the batter is light and crispy, no hints of grease when delivered, and displayed on a square plate with the oil paper underneath and great tempura sauce on the side. It was light, crispy, and satisfying.Overall, this restaurant is worth the trip to East Charleston Blvd. Please give it a try--it's worth a shot!
4	Nozomi is a hole in the wall Japanese restaurant and sushi bar located in the same shopping center as the Omelet House on Charleston just East of Rancho. I have been going to this spot for as long as I can remember, and it may have even been the first place I ever had sushi. It also may have been one of the first sushi restaurants in Las Vegas, however, back then it was run by sushi chef Roy and was called Kifune. The interior hasn't changed much in 22 years, so it's a comforting place to eat for me. In my visits to Nozomi I have found the sushi to generally be very good, sometimes excellent, and sometimes not so good. One time we went there and they had the cooler at the sushi bar set at too low a temperature so the fish began to freeze, which caused the cell walls to break and destroyed the texture. The horror! Anyhow, that only happened once and every other time I've been pretty happy with my overall experience.After sampling many different items on the menu I have settled on a favorite, and that is the Chuckster Salad ($14). This salad is unique from anything I've had elsewhere, and because a lot of care has gone into the selection of the individual components the end result is a success. The first time I ordered it I thought, "Wow, what a clever way to use the extra pieces of fish you can't use for sushi or sashimi," but after watching them prepare it I saw that this was not an economical way to use leftovers, but rather a special dish in and of itself. The salad starts with chunks of freshly cut fish, including yellowtail, salmon, and tuna. I'll agree that these are your garden variety species that you can get anywhere, but they are certainly fresh here and their growing popularity makes this salad pallet pleasing to even the novice sushi eater. To these hearty bite-sized pieces the chef adds shredded daikon radish, sweet pickled cucumbers, and tempura "crunchies," all of which add perfect counter textures to the fish. That's pretty much all there is to it, with the exception of a delicious creamy dressing and garnish of daikon radish sprouts. If you are looking for a low carb alternative to your ordinary rolls, this is the perfect choice.On this visit, we also tried something new that we will definitely order again, the Shrimp Wraps ($9).  These reminded me of the Japanese version of Koong Sarong at Lotus of Siam. Instead of bacon, however, these have a filling of cream cheese. They are also wrapped in wonton wrappers rather than egg roll wrappers, and are served with a sweet hot wasabi sauce rather than sweet chili sauce. The dish is executed well and even though it is simple, the flavors go together wonderfully. Between the Chuckster Salad and the Shrimp Wraps we were satiated and pleased. Even more pleasing was that both items totaled $23, not bad for dinner. I won't make the claim that Nozomi is the best sushi restaurant in town, but it is a charming place and these dishes are both worth going for.
2	I really WANTED to like this place! But unfortunately it just wasn't possible given our experience here... :(EXTERIOR: 1.5 (strip mall)INTERIOR: 4FOOD TASTE: 5FOOD PRICE: 2.5FOOD QUANTITY: 2SERVICE: -1... So the two best things going for this restaurant are definitelty the cool looking interior (which isn't *that* amazing, but I still like it a lot) and the taste of the food which I must say is quite good...A big downside is the prices being high for less than desirable amounts of food.Obviously the things I was least a fan of was the service. Our waitress didn't seem to care about how pleasant our experience was. She basically ignored requests we made and even overcharged us by a little.Conclusion? Despite the yummy spice tuna roll and teriyaki salmon, I'll skip this place next time.
5	Stumbled upon Nozomi while looking for a pharmacy that was in the strip mall behind it.If you blink, you'll miss it. What a gem!  It wasn't crowded, but the decor makes you feel as if you're in Japan.  We ordered the shrimp tempura, the tonkatsu and croquette dish and the udon with shrimp tempura.Wow, EVERYTHING was delicious!  From the dressing on the salad (I could have just had a big bowl of the salad with that magical dressing!) to the udon and broth, everything was so tasty.  Even the green tea was ono!They bring the side order of shrimp tempura for the udon in a cute little "basket".If you can find it, try it out!
2	I went to this place today and .... it was disgusting!! the miso soup was good, then I had a sip of my water and it was the most disgusting water I ever had... omg it was NASTY!!!! and the sushi eh had better before ... i just know I'm never going back there again.
5	Fantastic spot! All you can eat at a decent price in a nice central location. Good service! Very cute spot.
4	Went to Nozomi's last night.  I have two other japanese restaurants that I'm loyal to but I had a coupon and figured I'd give it a try.  I'm certainly glad I did.  I will now have to say I have three japanese restaurants that I am loyal to.  Its a small place that has three different shades of wood on the floor and walls.  Sounds weird but it works.  It felt warm and inviting.  My husband ordered tempura udon soup as usual and said it was great.  I had japanese lasagna roll - excellent.  My husband ordered a special shrimp roll that was listed on the board by the sushi bar as a special.  It too was good.  My only complaint would be that the prices were not listed on the specials board.  I always hate to have to ask.  We were waited on by a lovely girl named Rose who took good care of us.  Check it out!
2	I stumbled across this restaurant while looking for a dinner spot before taking a friend to Frankie's Tiki Bar.  If you've been to Frankie's before you know it's a good idea to have a filling meal before or you'll be leaving Frankie's with your underwear on your head but I digress...I arrived before my friend and found the dining room to be attractive and clean.  The waitress quickly took my drink order and  brought it out with a bowl of miso soup.  She asked me if I wanted to order and I told her I was waiting for my friend who was running late.  It all went downhill from there. My friend arrived and we had to wait 10 minutes for the waitress to take her drink order and another 10 for her to bring out her water.  She did not bring her out a bowl of miso so I felt uncomfortable eating mine in front of her.  We had to flag her down to ask if there AYCE available.  No where on the menu did it say how much it was and I ended up having to go on their website to find out how much it was (thank you iphone!).  This was while the waitress was having a long conversation with some other customers.  We decided against the AYCE and were finally able to get the waitress's attention long enough to  order a Rainbow roll, a Spider Roll, and a Shrimp Lover's special.  I was relieved that the fish was fresh, the rolls were large, and everything was delicious.  However, we had to ask the waitress for wasabi and I ended up having to swipe chopsticks from another table.The food was delicious; it's too bad the service was so bad.  I don't think I'll be back unless I'm pre-gaming and need some rice to soak up delicious rum drinks.
4	I wanted Sushi close to home last night and I found it.  Nozomi is really quaint on the inside, don't let the dive strip mall location scare you.  Their fish is super fresh.  We ate sashimi and quite a few rolls and everything was great!  A Yelper raved about their spicy tuna and it really is one of the best I've had.
4	This place has been open for about 30 years so they must be doing something right. I come here often for lunch. The sushi chef and owner, Jeff, is very nice and makes great rolls with fresh fish and doesn't overload them with rice. My favorite rolls to get here are the rainbow and caterpillar rolls. I also love the chirashi bowl and intend to try the unagi don next time I visit.
4	I like this place for the lunch specials.  I tend to the get the teriyaki chicken, beef and rice combo.  Starts with the miso soup and the lunch includes salad, rice and a California  roll. I've ordered their specialty rolls and they were good but I think the pricing on those is a little high.  Service is good but get here early because it's very small and fills up quickly for lunch.
4	We hit this place in an area not known for Sushi. It is right near the UNLV School of Dentistry and the University Hospital on Charleston. I have to say this little hidden gem didn't disappoint. I found it on Yelp of course.. and it was great. Miso was tasty, the rolls we ordered were great. I had a couple of the spicy variants which were not really spicy but good anyhow. I would repeat. In the area it is the best i have had for sure.
4	The staff are VERY nice and the restaurant is precisely what I want a Japanese sushi house to look like. It's a tiny little place tucked into a small strip mall off off Rancho and you truly wouldn't expect to find such a gem there. The food was fresh and flavorful. The sushi chef works out in the dining room on full display, you can watch him prepare your meal from any seat in the house. A $1 or penny sake night would definitely amp our desire to put this restaurant into a weekly rotation. :)
2	Blech. Was in desperate need for light asian food and quick service for lunch. Got neither. Low grade japanese food summarizes it all.
2	Ordered adedashi tofu and katsu don for lunch. Tofu was bland, sticky, glutinous, and under cooked. Brought out the wrong dish and told me it was a katsu don (chicken and scrambled egg), I googled it and showed them what our should look like (fried chicken or pork), they didn't offer anything due to the mistake and gave me a bill for $16.50, disappointed. This was my second visit, here, first was not great either.
3	hmmmm. Undecided. On the plus side sweet service and pretty nice, clean, tasty food. Cold tofu was good, and variety of rolls all pretty yummy. We were two of four customers, so ambiance waivered between low to non-existent, which is a shame 'cos I really want tiny, holes-in-the wall that do good food to thrive. Decor is a bit tired, and needs a good clean. Ambivalent about returning, hence the 3 star review.
5	I have coming here for years. Never a bad meal. Staff and owners very friendly. I recommend this highly.
3	Only ok - I ate here for lunch the other day and it just wasn't all that impressive. I got the beef teriyaki lunch special that came with miso soup, a salad, one fried dumpling, rice, and 4 pieces of a California roll. The dressing was new to me (creamy rather than the ginger dressing you normally see) and maybe my favorite part of the meal - though they almost put too much dressing on. The beef teriyaki was ok, but not served very hot, and the California roll was about what I'd expect. I may find myself back here if I'm in the area, but at $12.95 it was a bit more than I'd want to pay for a lunch special and the quality of the food.
4	It is our first time in this place.I love it here! It is a very cute and cozy restaurant!THE FOOD WAS DELICIOUS.The staff is very, very friendly. I will definetely come back!
3	Great place for lunch little slow on the service side but the food is consistent quality and very good. Crunch roll and the mackerel were my favorite the seaweed salad is good too but you can't mess that one up. The box meals are pretty standard. The sashimi is good quality and good size portions the best was the salmon hand roll
5	I absolutely love this place! Not only is the food delicious, but the staff here is so friendly. Favorite rolls are their special Spicy Tp Tp roll and their Alaskan. Great atmosphere, as well. A must try. You will become a regular before you know it.
3	The food was ok. It was not as good as I thought. Server was nice and friendly
2	SLOWEST SUSHI PLACE I'VE EVER BEEN TO. Seriously. Granted, I came here with a fairly large group (10+ ppl), but the restaurant only had 2 other tables, and most of us ordered the chicken teriyaki lunch combo.  It took us so long to get drinks, order, and pay, I considered leaving multiple times during my meal. To top it off, the one person who ordered the sashimi salad got her food last! Like, that is the ONE DISH that did not require any cooking!!! And it came out like 10 mins after all the bento boxes (and each bento box came out as if the cook in the back was preparing each one at a time...)Food was mediocre at best, and not great for the price.  The only reason it gets 2 stars instead of 1 star is because it's walking distance from UMC and because the food was clean and I did not get sick...
3	Had lunch with a client. One server and the ayce was minimal. Good food, extremely slow service, and I will not return....
5	Went here for lunch.  Cute place in a strip shopping center.  I ordered off the AYCE menu.  The sushi was delicious and fresh.  Parking can be tough and we had to park on a side street.  I would guess that some people might be using that lot to park for UMC.  Restaurant wasn't too crowded.  Servers were helpful and friendly.  The service was a little bit slow, so I'll have to allow for that next time I go for my sushi lunch.  Highly recommend.
3	meh. . . okay food.  .  a little on the expensive side.  . .nothing to rave about.  . .
5	Fresh fish, beautifully cut. I thought it was delicious! They were incredibly busy but still service was very timely. The quality seemed very good for the price.
