5	Now I was a little taken aback when I called iDoctor AZ and was told that they were located inside a Water & Ice location on Rural & Elliott...but with a iPad in need of repair, I figured I might as well at least check it out.  When I arrived I was greeted promptly by the owner who actually does the repairing in the back of the water/thrifty ice cream location...he took my number and said he would call as soon as he repaired it.Hands down the best service and price in the east valley if you need to replace a cracked iPad screen, or phone screen for that matter...for example, iPad 2 screen replaced within an hour and a half $90.00....slightly more for 3rd & 4th generation...the price quoted you is what you pay...HIGHLlY recommend
5	The BEST! INEXPENSIVE! PROMPT! I had cracked my iPad mini screen and had shopped around for replacements. Everyone else wanted $150, IDoctor AZ only charged me $90!I was skeptical as he operated out of Water and Ice, but business is business! Quick, professional and great service! Would ABSOLUTELY go back again and recommend to anyone!
5	Completely shattered my iphone 5 screen. The guy had it fixed like new, in under 30 min. Cheapest price around, as well. I'd definitely go back...hope I never need to thou.
5	Got my iPhone 5 fixed in under 20 minutes for $100. Great price! My screen looks great. Should definitely come here to get your phone fixed.
5	Shattered my iPhone screen. He had it replaced in under 30 minutes for about $20-30 cheaper than the other shops I called. I was a little hesitant walking into a water and ice store to get my iPhone fixed, but the service was great and at an awesome price ($90 for an iPhone 5). I would recommend a friend or family member in need of a screen repair in a heartbeat.
5	That was amazing. I'm convinced this guy is a wizard. I waited for 5 minutes and my phone was brand new. My screen was SUPER shattered. Plus he gives you a little warranty! I'm ecstatic! Thank you!!
5	DO NOT hesitate to come here!!!!  Was pleasantly surprised to find a location so close to my home (across the street), when my DH dropped by iPad mini and shattered the screen.  I found the doc on Yelp, and decided to try it.  I dropped my mini off, was quoted $120 to replace the screen (no corners were bent or anything), and said to give him a few hours.  Less than 2 hours later, he called and said it was ready!  Looks so pretty and new!  He was friendly, was eager to help and I didn't even need an appt!!!  Was a little surprised that the "Dr" is inside a water and ice...but good for him for making the most out of his space!  Love going to small businesses especially in my community!  We have a regular iPad that has been cracked for a year (but still usable) that I plan on taking here next week for replacement!
5	Fast service , best price around the area for replacing iPhone 5s screen. I highly recommend this store
5	Shattered my iPhone 5 screen today and the LCD screen went out. Called and asked him if it was repairable. He said of course. Came in and had it fixed in 4 minutes! He is awesome!!
5	Shattered iPhone 5 screen over the weekend.....brought it in and iDoctorAZ had it fixed in 5 mins......absolutely amazing. The price and the service was incredible.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5	My grandson's iPhone fell off his bed and onto the tile floor.  It shattered the glass and the case.  He wasn't going to tell me and a couple of weeks went by when he was texting and I saw his screen.  Tiny pieces of glass were missing and I was afraid he would cut his face or fingers.   I immediately went to the Apple store website and saw they wanted about $150 for a piece of glass. The phone didn't cost that much new, so I did a search and Yelp came up.  On Yelp I found several businesses advertised in the Phoenix metro area.  I also read a review of someone who tried to do it himself and it was basically a disaster.  I called Mobile iPhone and sent them a message.  No response, so I called iDoctor AZ.  He said he was open until 7 pm and to come on over.  Once I located him in the Water and Ice store in the NE corner of Elliot and Rural, it took him 15 minutes to replace the glass and cost $60.The phone looks brand new and my grandson said it works beautifully.  We were also given a 30 day warranty on the new glass.I know where I am going should I need additional work on our iPhones.  iDoctor AZ was fabulous and quick.  Very professional work.  Where else can you enjoy an ice cream cone while you wait for your phone repair?
5	shattered the glass and damaged the LCD on my iPhone 5s. Stopped by (iDoctor AZ inside Water and Ice) and everything was fixed within 20 minutes.
5	Vahe is awesome! We just had two IPad 2 repaired and the battery replaced in an iPhone 4 all in less than 2 hours time. His service is first class. He cares about the customer, the product and his work, which is exceptional. I highly recommend his service to anyone with repair needed on an Mac product.
5	Great service after several attempts to get my phone fixed at Itechs (do not go there !) this guy fixed my phone it's been working like a charm ever since ! Highly recommend !
5	This place is great!  I went in late in the day with a broken ipad screen and Vahe had it repaired fast!  The cost was the lowest I could find and he was very friendly and helpful!  I highly recomend i Doctor AZ!
5	So grateful to have found him! I accidentally broke my old phone while on vacation, and had tons of pictures on it. I got my new phone under my cell phone insurance plan, and he was able to get the data (pictures, etc). from my old broken phone and transfer it to my new phone. Even the Sprint store wouldn't do it. It was so cheap to! I am so grateful! Great data recovery, very affordable, this guy knows what he is doing. Super happy girl!
5	Walked in with a broken phone, 20 minutes later walked out with a working phone. My screen was completely shattered, and wouldn't respond to my touch. It was replaced and working perfectly in no time and the price was very reasonable! So happy
5	iDoctor was awesome, he took 30 mins to repair my iPad 4th gen. Absolutely had the best price anywhere... $90. I got there at like 6:30 and closing time was 7.... Awesome service, it's no wonder this guy has 5 stars....
5	My daughter found him online, after reviewing yelp to find a good deal for fixing a very shattered screen on her Iphone. He was the best price online. We did have a problem finding him, and drove around the shopping area 4 times. We then just parked, got out of the car and walked the shopping center until we found the Water and Ice store that had posted sighs for " Apple repair." We were greeted with a very friendly man, and told to come back in 20 min. Upon return this shattered, worthless phone was brand new again for 1/3 of what Apple would have cost. Great guy, great service, and we will definitely go back, especially now that we know he is there. '
5	Thank you fellow Yelpers. I shattered my iPhone's screen the other day and wanted to get it fixed. I came to my ever-trusted Yelp site and you guys did not disappoint. A phone call to "the doctor" yielded a quote for $60. I practically ran to him as most other locations quoted me a price in excess of $90. He was out front taking a break when I arrived but he immediately greeted me, took my phone and told me to give him 20 to 25 minutes. I gave him 22 minutes and my phone was ready and like new again. He also gave me a 30 day warranty. Hopefully, I will never drop my phone again but if I do I know where I am taking it. Awesome service, best price, this is the place for screen replacement.
5	My iPhone 5 was broken to the point that you could see the insides of the phone.  I assumed that I would have to buy a new phone completely, but because I currently have a free upgrade to the iPhone 6 given I trade my current phone in, I figured I could give this a shot.  He laughed when he saw my phone because of how mangled it was, but within 20 minutes had it looking like new.  The price for mine was $100, which I did not mind at all paying.  He does phenomenal work.
1	I must say, their service was friendly and expeditious when I came into to get my phone fixed originally. The phone looked good and it wasn't an outrageous price. However, I was just forced to bring my phone back in less than 2 weeks after my first repair. My phone screen had cracked down the middle from simply setting it down. The gentleman informed me when i payed for the original service that if I had any problems they would take care of it within 30 days. But when I took it in today he said "oh that's only for factory related problems." There was no factory involvement in this process nor was it posed that this was the case. I feel as if I was misled by the employee here. A little bit upset with my experience here.
5	$700 for a new iPhone 6?$30 a month on the bill?Fixed my spider glassed iPhone 4 screen for $60 in 30 minutes.
5	Good product, well worth it for the money
5	Went here for iPhone 4s lcd repair. He's a super nice guy and extremely fast on doing these repairs. Went in was done in under 30 minutes. Would for sure recommend to friends and family.
5	Best bargain in town. They do a great job at the right price. They're located in a Water and Ice store, do let that throw you off. Get there early because he can get busy. Thirty day guarantee on repairs and materials.
5	Fantastic customer service! My screen was replaced sooner than I could eat a slice of pizza next door. 30 day warranty on installation too! I would recommend to all with shattered apple screens.
