3	Minnie and I stopped by Papago Dog Park today on a whim... It was a beautiful day and since she was such a good girl in the car with me and at my afternoon meeting, I wanted to reward her.  Rather than travel out of our way to go to Chaparral Dog Park (our usual dog park destination), I remembered seeing this place, specifically the fenced in / off-leash area, and we swung by.It was just after 4pm, and there were a handful of dogs there, and more were coming the longer we stayed.  It's a lot smaller than Chaparral, and the grass is not the healthiest I've seen... Unfortunately, there were several areas that owners didn't clean up after their pooches too.  (Come on, owners, you give the rest of us a bad name!)Anyways, we had a nice 30 minute visit... Minnie sniffed out a few other dogs from behind and then they returned the favor to her.  Don't you love how they socialize with each other?!  Too cute.Anyways, will this become our dog park of choice? No.Is this a viable option if you're in the area? 100%.
3	This dog park is the closest to my house so the easy choice for letting my pups go out for a play date. We used to frequent this dog park all the time, mainly because of location, but have since stopped going. There are two runs, one open at a time. They are fairly sizable so have a good amount of space for prancing and running but the grass is sub-par. There is no agility equipment here just open space and a picnic table or two. Nothing special.Standard dog park complaints... people not watching their dog for bad behavior, not picking up poop, letting their kids use the dog park as a playground, etc. In the end we stopped going here because a young couple brought their pit bull here that didn't care for my dog. They weren't paying attention to their dog and it ended up biting my hand when we tried to leave.
3	In a pinch, this park will do.  It has a nice view of Papago and it is nested in a small park.I have been going here for the past 2 years and I have to say...  there is something weird about the place.  More often than not, there are super aggressive Pit Bulls in there with owners who seem to not even notice that their dogs are bullying the entire park.  Dogs will be dogs, I know...  but not REALLY mean dogs.I once saw a Pit Bull Scare the living crap out of a smaller breed.  It scrambled so fast up its owners leg into her arms.  The girl started freaking out screaming because the Pit Bull continue to jump in the air trying to get at the little dog.  The Jackass owner pretty much sat there and watched.  I was yelling at him trying to wrestle down his Pit Bull till he seemed to finally wake up to reality and get his dog under control.weird?  yeah, weird.  I guess since the park is a bit isolated and off the beaten path it gets a bit...  gritty and bummy.At least they always have crap bags...
3	This dog park is simple enough. It's small and convenient but it has two things that will ruin any good dog park.1. It's very close to a playground. Kids love to come in and play with (or even pick up) random peoples dogs. Which is not okay. It creates such a hostile environment and makes all the owners nervous. 2. People who have no idea what dog park etiquette is. Every time I come here I experience at least one owner who doesn't watch their dog, doesn't pick up their dogs waste, or gets mad at someone elses dog when clearly it's their dog causing the problem. Also those owners who hover over their dog and push any other dog trying to sniff or play with them away. My dogs love this park but I won't bring them here because I'm always terrified of what kind of situation might happen with the inevitable kids and stupid pet owners.
4	I've been there twice and I like it. I have three small chihuahuas and this past Friday afternoon was fantastic. I was hesitant because the area itself is pretty small and there were a lot of dogs, about 15? But they were the biggest group of well behaved dogs I have ever come across. The owners seem pretty attentive also. For some reason there are two fenced in areas that alternate between days. It would be cool if they would make one into a small dog area, but honestly if ever day is like the one I had on Friday, it would be unnecessary.
1	Wow. I just wish I could tell the people there on Monday at around 5-5:30, that you are lucky that I punched the fence and not your face.What a nightmare. Most of the dogs there ran over mine, only one stepped up. Apparently her dog just likes to play with little dogs. Really, is that why your mutt attacked mine when we were in between the exit gates trying to leave?  It's ok, he just likes to play, right? I do have to give her some credit because at least she kind of tried (obviously not hard enough). Unlike ALL the others that just sat there. I saw two dogs take massive dumps and no one did anything. This was like a minefield of dump.Then I got the pleasure of stepping in a pile and squishing it into my Adidas. I asked if anyone cleaned their dogs shit, no response. But a couple with an ugly crap dog laughed. Another that repeatedly ran over mine and all they could say, "oh stop pickin on that dog" NOT BOTHERING TO REMOVE THEMSELVES FROM THE BENCH! It took all I had not to show them something that was really funny. My dog getting trampled and yelping and stepping in dog shit, not funny. Taking my poop shoe and rubbing it in your face....now that is hilarious. But I refrained.By the time I pulled that dog off mine (which was followed by someones stupid mouth) I thought, hit the fence out of sheer anger, or go to jail for beating someone? I chose fence. Not a peep came out of peoples mouths then. Don't let the blond hair and small dogs fool you, I will beat you down like your momma obviously should have.If you got a big dog and it chases the little dogs and tramples them, do yourself a solid and CONTROL YOUR DOG. Because the next time, it could be mine that it trampled, and I'm out of free passes on that situation.
1	We decided to try this park out because it has the playground nearby for my daughter. Our regular dog park is wonderful and all the people are super friendly and always clean up after their dogs. Plus they know how to stop a problem BEFORE it's a problem.That being said...I'm starting to understand why people dislike the majority of dog parks...I saw several dogs just pooping wherever and in a smaller park like this one is you it gets piled up fast. So it's not a clean park at all. There's also no decent shade.But the main reason I won't be back is because I feel like if you have a very large dog who is being very rough with a small dog you should do more to correct it than just call your dog's name. I shouldn't have to pull your dog off mine. And yes, I understand dogs "play" but good God, the 4th or 5th "no" directed at your dog or removal of your dog's living chew toy by a stranger should give you a clue that something is wrong.Perhaps I'm just overprotective or even a bit anal about proper dog behavior but at least I care and don't stare at my phone the whole time waiting for someone else to correct my dog.
3	Been going to this dog park on and off for a few months now and every day I have a different experience. The dog park is a good size as long as there aren't to many dogs there. There are 2 different sections which they rotate frequently to let the grass recover which is nice and the entrances have double gates. It is hit or miss with the dog owners though. Certain days I see owners who just sit on the bench and let their dogs do whatever they want and also do not pick up after their pet. Other days I see friendly and attentive owners. The park is right next to a children's play area which causes problems. Parents let their kids run around in the dog park and I've seen a few young ones get accidentally knocked over pretty hard. Sometimes the parents have the kids inside and they don't even have a dog!A warning for outside the dog park. There is a small little trail going up to a small hill/mountain/buttes(whatever you want to call it). Lots of broken glass on the trail.
4	All the reviews on here are 2 years old, except for mine and one other, so take note of that before basing your decision off Yelp!A friend and I brought our 3 dogs (a Lab, a Lab/Pit and a German Shepherd/cattle dog) here this morning. They had an absolute blast for the most part!The park is large without being so big you lose your dog, really clean (not one piece of poop to be found and today's owners were picking up after their dogs) and double-gated (a MUST for dog parks). The owners all seemed very attentive and were friendly to all the dogs that came up to them begging for a ball to be thrown or a scratch. I loved that the owners played with everyone's dog, not just their own.The only real complaint I had was of one owner who brought a small terrier in, which was chasing/nipping/herding at the (all large breed) others to the point where they either wouldn't go near him or were snarling at him. He eventually jumped in the middle of a ball chase, and tripped an older Golden, who collided into my GSD. The poor Golden was traumatized and and was taken home, and my dog (who's just a pup) was freaked out and stayed under my bench for the next hour.  I understand collisions happen, but the owner made no apologies, nor was he trying to discipine his dog from his other behaviors. I'm sorry, but he's not playing WITH the others, he's being an obnoxious twat.TL;DR for the above paragraph: Don't bring your tiny, aggressive dog into a park full of big dogs. It would be nice if they had a separate small dog area.Otherwise ,4 stars!
1	I am giving this place two stars based on other parks i have been to.  it is a very dirty dog park. it seems a lot of people don't pick up after their dogs here.  I have also been here when someone was nice enough just to drop off a dog a leave it.  it was a nice dog but it had been beat up by other dogs and had a few injuries from it.  So nice of the other people to allow their dog to do that also.  There are some responsible owners here but not too many.  my dogs have been attacked by someone's un-socialized dog.  they did nothing and I had to be the one to leave (my dogs get along with most dogs too).  Lots of new dog owners they may not be educated about dog park etiquette, which is ok.  I do applaud you for rescuing a dog.  I wish they would keep both sides unlocked for big dog/little dog sides.  never seems to be that way here.
1	Stay away from this park. The dogs that frequent this park belong as extras/stand-ins for Cujo.I left Washington Park when I moved to be closer to school and this little park was my only closest option. My dog was never aggressive until she had to defend herself here. All the dogs swarm to the gates when you come (a behavior that makes the incoming dog extremely nervous even aggressive), the owners don't pick up after their dog with the excuse that there are no bags provided, there is no little/big dog separation, and most of the dogs aren't trained to even come to their owner in case of an event. It's like a meth lab waiting to explode. On a busy night, you can literally walk in and feel the tension between the dogs. My last time there, it was extremely busy but I still let my dog in because she's never had any problems before. All the dogs teamed up and chased my 90lb baby the moment she got in and the owners (mostly college students) literally just stared dumbfounded and watched until she snapped back to defend herself. Then I was the one being glared at and given the stink-eye like it was my fault.I'm sorry, I didn't know I just stepped into Michael Vick's backyard by accident instead of the dog park.I had to re-socialize my dog at one of the fancy, for-rich people indoor doggy daycare (thank heavens for Groupon) and finally, 1 1/2 years later, my dog can finally step foot in a dog park. She's still prone to ignore other dogs and doesn't tend to be very social with the dogs in the park, but it's a step in the right direction. Wish I had never gone here.
1	I would leave zero stars if I could. Where do I begin. I used to love going to this dg park when I first moved here. I have an 8 lb Pomeranian, so I was a bit apprehensive about the park being mixed between all dogs, but he is quite feisty so I knew he could hold his own. After a few weeks of coming here I noticed he didn't play quite as much sometimes as he did at other parks. He seemed a bit timid around the other dogs, which is NOT his personality. And it was because there was so much tension between lots of the dogs here. I could even feel it. The biggest reason I no longer come here though is because people here do not watch their dogs. I've seen so many dog fights and watched people do nothing. They just watch as their dogs repeatedly attack and get into scuffles with multiple other dogs. Obviously your dog needs to take a breather for a bit so take it aside and let it calm down! The last time I came here literally every dog in the park except for mine, a few other little ones, and a husky got involved in a huge brawl that left some bleeding. AND NOBODY TRIED TO BREAK UP THE FIGHT. Finally the owner of the husky ran over and did something. It scared me and my pom so much that I never took him back. I'd rather drive an extra 15 minutes to Chaparral than have my dog end up in stitches or worse.
2	This place is fun until the terribly behaved trashy pit bull owners show up, and then it basically turns into a mad house because they can't control their dogs.  I'm not sure if it's just the demographic in this area, or the type of individuals they attract, but I've ended up just turning around and leaving almost every time due to this same circumstance.  As others have said, they're almost always the type that will just stand there and watch their dogs start fights and laugh or do nothing.In the future I'll just go out of my way to go somewhere that at least has separate big and small dog areas.
