1	SHOULD BE NO STARS, ONCE AGAIN.My family has frequented this location several times.  Usually, we order quite a few things, however, I came from across Taco Bell because my little one wanted rolled tacos.  Also, maybe I was able to catch this mistake because I only ordered one plate, instead ordering several items and never catching it before.I placed an order for #1 which is rolled tacos, rice and beans.  The order should have been $5.75 and tax, however, I gave my debit card and was charged $8.16.  When I got home, I checked the receipt and noticed I was charged for #11 which was $7.55 and with tax, came to $8.16.I am not hispanic, however, I do know when the clerk turned around and told the cook "numero 1, pollo) I thought I was getting charged for the correct combo, not being overcharged for something I never ordered.  I was quite surprised my order was correct, just not the pricing.The next morning I called the restaurant and was told Manwell was the manager and to get a hold of him I would have to call around 7:00 a.m. to get a hold of him.  I tried this morning and got several people who could not understand me to finally find someone who could speak to me in English to tell me his name is Javier and he was the manager.  When I informed him I was told Manwell was the manager, he told me to call back in a couple hours.I have yet to speak to the manager, yet; however, I need to know if this is normal practice to overcharge customers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	The food is cosi cosi (so so), but I come here on occassion because its close to home and theyre open 24hrs.  I do wonder sometimes how long certain ingredients have been sitting :/
4	.
3	I like the fact that this establishment is open 24/7 and I like the salsa bar and juice fountain machine.  The #1 combo was tasty too.I have to be honest though,  as someone who does not speak Spanish,  I had difficulty communicating with the cashier. Three examples:1) I almost never have cash on me, so I asked if there is a minimum on cards (ex. Some restaurants have a $10 minimum when using credit cards).  The cashier "yes, debit-credit okay."2) "Can you do take-out?" Blank stare... "To-go?" Nervous smile... "Take-away?" The cashier sighs in frustration trying to decode my question.  I ended up playing charades to get my answer.3) I asked if the combos come with a drink. At this point,  I am this poor cashier's worst nightmare with all of my questions. What I have learned: no credit card minimums, I can place to-go orders and you have to order drinks separately. I would come here again (language barrier aside, the cashier was polite).
1	I go to this place all the time because it's so convenient, right by my house. But almost every single time they somehow mess up my order. Mainly when I go in the morning to get breakfast burritos. My boyfriend hates when they are dry so he asks to put a couple extra things in them. If it's dry, he gets upset. Like today, we asked for a steak breakfast burrito with pico... We got a plain bacon burrito! Bacon! Not even close to what we wanted. I'm to the point where I'd rather drive further to a different one to get what I actually want, or just go to taco bell right next door. Now I have to deal with my upset boyfriend..
1	Worse chorizo burrito ever!!!  Not sure if I'll give it another try but chorizo burrito are a staple breakfast meal in the Mexican culture.  This one was not even edible, I threw over half of it away.  Rather drive out of my way then eat here again.
1	Always when I come to Vegas I try to stop by and get something to eat. This time the Lady at the counter was terrible.Didn't care about whether we were ordering food or not  she was busy watching the TV. When I was ordering I had to repeat my order a couple times because her focus was on the Hispanic news channel. Do you know how annoying that is? Tables were not  clean and there's food & paper on the floor. Foods gone south like the customer service. Sorry last time eating here for me and my family.
1	Have been here three times. I always end up with the same outcome,  unsatisfied. The food is extremely bland. The last incident left a horrible taste in my mouth so my family and I will NEVER be returning  My husband went in to order food, the cashier thought because he was white, he didn't know Spanish. Little did she know, he's fluent. When the cashier was telling the cooks what to make, she said (in Spanish) "I hate when gringos come in here and they don't even know what they want to order." Unacceptable. Uncalled for. Inappropriate. My husband had already paid for the food or else he would have said something. As he was walking out he says, (in Spanish) "my ears work too"  We will never never go back there.
3	I dislike it when people try to give these mediocre establishments a horrible rating for service or food quality..here's the bottom line you get what you pay for so people you are acting snobby when you're trying to give a review for this place. Basic Mexican food but I will tell something that stands out here..they offer desserts like tres leches and chocolate flan..amazing desserts so expect decent Mexican food. Great desserts bad service depending on whose working.My go to items..Bacon breakfast burritoCarne asada nachos or plateChimichangasFish tacos Shrimp tacos
4	This review applies only to the breakfast burritos, I have not tried any of the other dishes.  I am a breakfast enthusiast, breakfast burritos being my greatest weakness.  The breakfast burritos are large, filled with the right proportion of potato, meat, and eggs.  Service is always friendly and fast, I can be in and out within 5 minutes with a hot fresh burrito and on time for work. Love the fresh green sauce as well.
5	Called in the order to go. Order was ready before projected time. The store is very nice, nicest taco shop I have ever been to. And I wish I knew the guys name... Customer service was amazing. Employees were happy and energetic
3	OK. Place is clean, new, and staff very nice. Place quick...not fast food quality...better than a taco bell but little bland, salsa OK and not many options. Chimichanga good but rolled tacos had little meat. Beans excellent but could use some seasoning. Rice boring. Needs spice. Maybe I will come back but chili verde express is way better.
