1	OK. Do not judge me. Do not send me scornful, hurtful messages. And do not preach to me the hazards, both socially and physically, of eating at buffets. Because, frankly, I've done that to myself already. Eating at Mexican buffets was part of the bf's growing up days in San Antonio. One day he asked me to go, and since he's irresistible to me, I said yes. Upon entering Pancho's, I realized it was like a Mexican Chuck E Cheese. More kids than you'd find at Mia Farrow's house. Running in between and around my legs. Screaming, laughing, crying. Totally out of control. And this is all while we're standing in line. Suddenly I find my throat to be dry, irritated and burning. Why is there a white haze wafting from the hallway? Oh. Some darling little child had activated the FIRE EXTINGUISHER! Yea. And mommy was too busy ordering her Dos XX to notice. You'd think this would have sent us running. But we persevered. I thought I'd be safe and get a taco, enchilada with beans and rice. All were simply horrific. Malo. Horrible. No bueno. The more I recall this day, the more I feel a need for a buffet support group of some kind. Hello, my name is Thomas. I ate at Pancho's. HELLO THOMAS! Good bye Panchos.
1	This was probably one of the worst mistakes I've ever undertaken, and I'm including that apartment in the ghetto I signed a lease for because it was "quaint" and multiple men I really shouldn't have given as much of a chance as I did.Boyfriend and I thought we'd relive our childhood involving Pancho's from when we lived in North Phoenix and went to the one by Metrocenter. I had a birthday party at that one, and my party went to see Buffy the Vampire Slayer before eating (I'm talkin' Kristy Swanson here... yeah, totally super sweet). We both recalled fond memories of raising the little Mexican flag to get sopapillas.Walking in, and seeing that margaritas are not served as they should be, it was the ultimate in regret. me: "Let's just go to Arriba. They don't have margs here, and that's really the only reason I wanted Mexican."man: "Oh, come on. Where's your sense of adventure? I think I'll have a beer. (seeing look of disappointment on my face) Ohhhhkay, do you want to go to Arriba?me: (downtrodden) No, I guess we'll stay here.We exit the line, $20 lighter, and find a seat. This place is filthy. The server, who calls me "mija" at least 18 times, I find delightful for the first time she says it. Then I hear her saying it to all of the other females at her tables. Cheating bitch. The extensive salsa line looks awesome, and I perk up a little, like, maybe this won't be so bad.WRONG. WRONG. WRONG.It WAS bad. Everything was bad. The half naked children screaming, the white people everywhere thinking this is the bees knees of Mexican cuisine... it all adds up to probably the worst dining experience I have ever had. We promptly went to Arriba and drank a marg very quickly to forget about the pain.
1	Been their once and would never return.  First it is not a buffet.  It should be named "Pancho's Mexican Kitchen Line."  This place makes Taco Bell seem gourmet!  Everything is low grade and perpetuates the stereotype that Mexican food is of low quality.  I am Mexican-American and used to changing peoples view of Mexican food because I am a good cook.  But this has to be of the lowest quality I have come across.  All the Filibertos, Ramiros and Armando's are extremely better than this place.
1	Are you kidding me???!!! Do they really call this Mexican food?!!!! WOW, cant believe its food. Only thing i liked in there was the sodas and the sopapillas, that's it. Everything else was not a pleasant taste!!!! I would not recommend this place what so ever!!!
3	Aye, Pancho's!   When you're good, you're very, very good, but when you're bad, you're horrid!Okay, so here's the secret to a potentially enjoyable, or at least tolerable, dining experience in a cheap ass dive of a restaurant:Go knowing it'll suck.  Go because it is a consistent suck, and the suck you know is better than the suck you don't.You may end up pleasantly surprised.  Happens to me all the time.(If you don't expect it to taste like a PIZZA at all, a Totino's frozen cracker with sauce and toppings can actaully be a little tasty.)Pancho's has all that I love in a cheapo boofay.  There's a lot of variety to choose from, and of course, as much as you can stuff in your gullet.  They even have the added benefit of a server to bring you your seconds and beyond.  I just wish the food was more consistent.If you go on a day that the cooks know what they're doing with the fryer, it makes all the difference in the world.  There are a lot of items that are cooked that way - chicken taquitos, turkey flautas, tortilla chips, sopaipillas, etc - that are so good when they achieve the proper consistency on the delicate "Crispy~Greasy Spectrum", but so nasty when they are not.The salsas are actually pretty good.  They have a few from which to choose, from mild and tomatoey to a chunky&HOT roasted number.  They used to have one of the better tomatillo salsa verdes I've had, but I don't think they make it anymore.Your best bet seems to be to avoid the busiest times with the most children.  Lunch or late weeknights should be okay.  Unless you're bringing a group of kids, who should LOVE IT here.On bad days, it's easily a 1, but on good days it can be a 3.5, so I'm going with a rating of 3, as long as you go knowing what to expect.To a realist, the glass is always full - half with water, half with air.  I eat at crappy places and enjoy it.Stone me.
3	I like to goto this place for the tacos to go. They have a special 4 tacos for $2.75 and I have been getting them here on and off for years. Tacos are on the level of Taco Bell but the salsa is alot better and for $2.75 it's a nice snack where I'm in the mood for it. These days I don't live close to Panchos anymore so I very rarely go but yesterday I was nearby and in the mood. Still the same..
3	I had not expected anything fabulous.  It is what it is.  Cheap, not steller, food.  But quick and kinda cool that you can choose whatever you like and then YOU don't have to go back for more, your wait person will do it for you.  You just ttell them what you want and they will get it.  So if all you like here are tacos....just gorge yourself on tacos!  It's really not a bad  deal and if you have a family with teenagers who want to eat everything in site...well, here is the place for you!  The place was clean although I did not use the restroom so I can't comment on that.  I spoke with the manager as we were leaving and he was very personable and seemed open to constructive critisism.  Apparently he just took over.  So, if you go knowing this is not going to be the best mexican food in town, then it's fine.  Not a bad value.  Thanks Panchos.
1	I went there with a coupon for BOGO buffets. My stomach wishes I hadn't. Some of it was better than other. The service was great. The cheese Enchiladas were disgusting. The Sopapillas were good, the icecream??? was funny tasting. With the coupon it was still about $17 for two with two softdrinks and a tip, so I say skip it and go somewhere else. Your stomach will thank you.
4	I don't get all the negativity! We went there..  me, my guy, my son, and my daughter. 20 bucks. No joke. And it's not gross. Some of the enchilada sauce was a little closer to ketchup, but it really wasn't bad. I loved some of it, and the sopapillas in themselves bumped this place up a star. Mmmm with honey and sugar right there on the table for ya. This was a good idea, I'm glad we went. Oh, and the waiter was so nice. Everyone in there was super nice. The owner told me ways to try the sopapillas when I went up for more. I'm rating this as a BUFFET, because that's what it is. Did you really expect gourmet in a mexican buffet? come on..
1	Over the years this place has experienced a sharp decline from a place people used to want to take their kids for birthday parties and dinner after church on Sunday. It now is mostly crowed by those who are just looking for cheap food and a lot of it. Poncho's used to run commercials stating they were an all you can eat buffet but during my last trip I noticed that the eat all you want spirit had been crushed and thrown out the back door with the trash. Seriously with as much time as it takes for them to see your little flag on the table and to bring you the food item you requested you will lose intrest or just give up and and hit the taco bell drive through on your way home.The server I had did her best to keep up with the huge level of requests she was being given but seemed tired and mad most of the time. Kind of made me wish I could just go up there and just get what I wanted just so she would not have to. That is the way it used to be and I wish they would go back to that policy but they will not because they know you will eat less that way. The one thing that would make me even want to step foot in the door would be the basket of chips and salsa they give along with the little pillows of goodness also known as sopapillas that are served with honey. To be honest most kids will still like this place as they do serve food that they like such as tacos and also have a sundae bar with soft serve ice cream and tons of toppings. But if you are like me and do not want to have to suffer for cheap food just skip this place on by.
1	Okay beside the fact that this is not real mexican food it was just sad to even call it food, on my first visit i made it my last the food is disgusting but i managed to eat something. . Then on my way out was the worst part i went to wash my hands and the bathroom was the worst thig i had ever seen there was vomit and shit everywhere seriously a health and safty violation please don't bother bringing ur family or friends here unless u want diarrhea!
5	Oh Pancho's, how I miss you.Authentic or high-quality Mexican food, this certainly is not. I've taken others who have vowed to never return. This place is not for the weak of stomach. If you are brave enough to try Pancho's Mexican Buffet and can appreciate it for what it is, you will love it as much as I do.It might not appear to be a typical all-you-can-eat buffet, but just remember these three words: RAISE THE FLAG. Yeah, it's the ultimate American dream: an-all-you-can-eat buffet that doesn't even require getting off of your ass for seconds! Want more taquitos? RAISE THE FLAG! Tortillas, or chips, perhaps? RAISE THE FLAG.You have to appreciate the absurdity of it all. And to top it off, the food's kinda delicious too, in a you-know-this-is-so-bad-but-it's-so-good sort of way.
2	It hurts me to have to give Pancho's a mere 2 stars, because I used to go here almost every weekend back in 94 as a kid. Many memories. I can't say I remember much about the food, I ate it with no complains because I was just a kid and didn't know any better, but I've been back there a few times since then including a couple months ago. This time the food was less than palatable. Some of the food, like the chimichanga and the flautas, kinda tasted like they had been fried in rancid oil, and I am prone to believe so because I developed a bit of a stomach ache toward the end of the meal. Also, the width of the tamales were straight up laughable: the width of an index finger. On the plus side, the place is like a time machine; walk in and you'll think O.J. is on the run in his white Ford Bronco again, hurry and turn on the news, because its 1994 all over again! Not a thing has changed; same decor, including the paintings of sombrero totting men on the walls as you walk in, except for the fact that these paintings now have a protective plastic or glass cover. I like the fact that it hasn't changed. Brings back more vivid memories; going here on the weekend with my mom and her then Cuban boyfriend, and getting scolded by her to not eat so many darn churros, walking out with a Pancho's balloon in one hand and an ice cream cone for the road in the other hand, standing in front of one of the statues against the wall in the parking lot and looking up and snickering because someone stuck gum in one of his nostrils and it looks like snot. I would return here believe it or not, just for the memories it brings back, but I wouldn't return for a couple of years when maybe the food has changed for the better. Hopefully.
5	This was my favorite place to be. If I wasn't sleeping or in the pool. I was eating  @ this place! Just put up your little flag for more food! Aaaah!
3	Ah, Pancho's!  With so many excellent restaurants to choose from here in the Valley, it's been 10 months since I came to Pancho's.  Yesterday Jeromy H. joined me for this outing, & while I'm happy to report that Pancho's hasn't changed, I have had the opportunity to dine at several really good Mexican restaurants & they've just spoiled me...  Juan's & Mi Patio, for examples.  By comparison, some of the food here at Pancho's tastes bland & cheap.  Of course it IS "all you can eat", which is certainly one thing, it IS cheap, the table service is good, & everything tasted fresh to me.  Some of the excitement has left though, so I'm dropping Pancho's down to 3 Stars.  All said, I still like this location of Pancho's.      :-)
3	Rand H. and I stopped in the other day and I realized something about Mexican buffets and myself, they don't mix! Here's why ... when it comes to Mexican food I ALWAYS order the same thing! A Carne Asada Burrito that's my delectable choice when I choose Mexican food, often from a roach coach!This spot was no help in changing that personal tradition!Someday someone may be able to enlighten me, and I'll let go of my  mono mindedness for these particulars of preference.
1	Do you remember how Pancho's used to taste? Keep that memory and don't go again.
3	It wasn't what I remember when I was younger.But it was just okay.I wish they had burritos, but they don't.Just average mexican food.I think it was like 18 bucks for 2 people and one drink.They have an ice cream bar, but it's not as wonderful as it used to be.They used to have gummy worms. Now all I can remember is sprinkles.No churros either.My taco was missing something, it didn't taste beefy at all.Even though that's all that was in their..beef..All they had playing was Hispanic music. Which I don't really mind, but I wish they had a different variety.I like my chile rellano though. Beans were a little dry, but I wasn't really expecting much.
3	This place is just "meh".  Sure it's pretty cheap and the people that work there are nice and helpful but in a city with so much more to offer, it just didn't do it for me.
2	There aren't many Mexican buffet restaurants in phoenix. Maybe because Mexican food is best served fresh. I remember the 1st time my boyfriend took me to Panchos; he remembered eating there when he was younger & wanted to go back.  The salsa isn't very good; it's bland for a Mexican place. We have gone back many times and I must admit that it has gotten worse & worse every time. The food selection has gotten worse & the price higher. We also saw them on the dirty dinning report & they got a horrible rating and neither of us was surprised. It's sad, such a great Idea & good location could have done allot better!
1	I made the mistake of going here on a whim. Awful, shitty bland Mexican food. A waste of money and my butthole was angry with me.
4	I have a stomachache, for GOOD reasons, not bad.  I was enjoying myself so much here that I overate.  Did I catch Pancho's at a good time, or are my standards just different that those of the other people who have been to this place?Check my review of Valle Luna for my list of the five types of Mexican Restaurant.  This one classifies as a Type D: Chain-type sit-down restaurant.  Poncho's is more unusual because it's a buffet.They were almost empty when we visited on Sunday night.  Service was very friendly, and the food tasted great.  No, it wasn't gourmet by any standard, but I went there expecting a Mexican buffet and was quite pleased.  I never saw a cheese enchilada with cheese both outside and inside before--it was almost a mac 'n' cheese-style enchilada.  Rice and beans were actually better than a lot of places I've visited.  Pretty authentic style.  Chips and salsa were so good I ate WAY to many of them, and the sopapillas were primo.The price was rock-bottom, and just incredible for all you can eat food.  Great for kids (and the price is lower for them too).  Sorry, but I can't connect with the plethora of one and two-star reviews that dominate Pancho's board here on Yelp.  Yes, I think that if this place were crowded and packed to the gills with kids, it would have been a less pleasurable experience, but as it was, I enjoyed every bite.Thanks Pancho's--I raise my cup and the flag to you.  Some appear to despise you, but I do not count in that number.  We'll be back.
2	I'm not much of a fan for this place. I like the idea of eating at buffets and not getting up to get your food, but the food here is just not up to par with me. I didn't even get another plate after my first; however, I found myself just eating all the sweet stuff. =T Sugar makes things better, right? LoL!I do like one thing from this place (but it's not enough to make me want to come back here again) and that's their sopaipillas; however, I feel like it used to be better before because they actually put stuff on it, but when I came here, they served it plain. I had to drench it with chocolate syrup. I was really surprised that it cost about $20 for two people with drinks included...I know I can spend my $20 else where and be satisfied completely. Sorry...
1	Mexican food should not be served buffet style, it just doesn't do it service.This place isn't even traditional buffet, you don't serve yourself, per say.That said, this is not Mexican food. Imagine Taco Bell trying to open a sit down Mexican restaurant and then doing a worse job than you would expect. That place would still be better than Pancho's. The only thing I even kind of liked there were the sopapias (or is it sopapillas?).If you like canned nacho cheese, frozen tamales and diabetes, eat at Pancho's.
1	Closed as of 2/17
1	Never will go again.. Food was so nasty.. Didn't  even put the flag up...
5	some restaurants are forever connected to your childhood. and if you hadn't been privy to the 'happy birthday song' over the loudspeaker and a free pinata, you aren't going to understand why this place was in business for so long.also. the sopapillas were fantastic. so stop staying everything was terrible. ha.i really don't care what you all say.i love you, pacho's. farewell, my sweet, dirty buffet prince.
4	I am literally distraught that this place is closed. Oh how I looked forward to my Pancho's run when I go back to AZ but obviously this isn't going to happen. I have to admit after the manager from Fort Worth left the quality went way down. Pancho's is a childhood staple as I grew up in Fort Worth and my grandpa used to take us every Saturday morning at 11 am. (And you BETTER not be late!) Goodbye my tex-mex in AZ for now I will have to wait until I make it back to Texas to eat you again. This is the one I frequented while in Fort Worth: http://www.yelp.com/biz/panchos-mexican-buffet-fort-worth
