5	I don't think it's possible to question that this is the best commercial spot in Pittsburgh to play pinball.-Over a dozen machines in house (that rotate every month or so) -The owner Chris can repair machines, so if you encounter an issue it *will* be fixed.-All the machines are in excellent shape.-Great pricing structure ($5 an hour, $15 for all day)-AND BYOB. -BYOBBBBBB-DID I MENTION BYOB?-Open super late on Friday and Saturday-Keurig machine for coffee, and a soda machine for the cold stuff.If you have even a slight interest in playing Pinball, you must go here.
5	My good friend introduced me to pinball with a game over at Spak Bros, but then he told me about this amazing wonderland of pinball that is $5 unlimited for an hour or $15 unlimited all day. My immediate thought? "OMG THAT IS A PERFECT DATE." So I waited for my boyfriend to visit from Florida, and we ventured out last night for our first Pinbash experience. The location is pretty easy to find if you know how to use a GPS or know the area. I didn't feel unsafe here at all, even at 12:30am. I highly doubt any harm would come to you in this area as a previous reviewer has stated. The atmosphere is incredibly chill. The owner is the most relaxed and nicest guy I've met in awhile. He has a true passion for pinball, and that excitement reflects on his business and goals. He really cares about his family and pinball (family first!), and happily talked about both. I'm new to pinball, but I can say that Pinbash has sparked a serious determination in me to get better at it! I am crazy about pinball, and Pinbash fulfills that desire. The machines are great and well maintained here too. The owner can fix them quickly (I watched him do a quick fix on a machine, he's a genius!) so if you have problems, it will likely be taken care of. Some of my favorite machines were: Monster Bash Harlem Globetrotters Twilight Zone Apparently these machines also rotate frequently. That's a big selling point for me too. I like variety, and I want to try as many pinball tables as I can! One of the best parts of Pinbash is that it is currently BYOB! BYOB! BYOB! You can eat, drink, play pinball and hang with some of the coolest people in Pittsburgh. What more could a girl want?Pinbash has some big things in store for it, and I truly cannot wait to see those things come into fruition. Go play some pinball whether your an expert or a newbie. Take your boyfriend or girlfriend, husband or wife. You won't regret it, and you will certainly have a great time even if you stay for just an hour!
5	If you love Pinball, as I know most of Pittsburgh does, you have got to check this place out! Chris, the owner was extremely friendly and we had a great time hanging out with him while playing. He knows A LOT about pinball and has a lot of machines that he switches out, so every time you go, you can play different machines. The machines are also in great condition as Chris does a great job with their upkeep. If there is an issue with a machine, he will definitely take care of it. We saw him working on a machine the last time we were there.Depending on when you go, you can either pay per game or pay one fee for free play. There is a website that you can check to see if any events are going on. If pinball league is there, machines are pay as you go. Even if you are not great at pinball, the flat rate free pay option is a great way to practice without wasting a lot of money!It's also a BYOB, which is great!! There are a few bars and even a beer distributor within a few blocks if you need to pick something up. I was shocked to see the other review about this place being in an unsafe part of town. It is literally two blocks from Carson Street in the South Side! It is perfectly safe and I have never felt uncomfortable walking around there at night. For those of you unfamiliar with Carson Street, its population increases signifigantly in the evenings and even more on the weekends with people heading to many of the surrounding restaurants and bars. Safety has never been a concern here. We organized an event with Chris and it was SO much fun. We all paid a flat rate for free play on the games and invited people to play Magic the Gathering as well. He set up tables and chairs for us to play and it was great! This is a great spot to have a birthday party or any kind of gathering. We will DEFINITELY be going back soon!
5	Best place to play pinball in the city.  Chris keeps all the games in fantastic shape,  and the place is just fun to hang out at. Come in on Friday nights and sometimes he throws together mini tournaments that are a blast!
