4	Quite the service with a smile. They seemed happy and welcoming once I came in and overall I am glad I gave them a chance. I usually make the trip to GhetroCenter because they have the best Barbers in the greater phoenix area in my opinion. Well this was very close to the cut quality I would get from there. He did exactly what I wanted, then cleaned my line up with a straight razor. Good casual conversation and it ended with a 2 minute electronic massage. Great place to go if you live in Goodyear (17 dollar cut)
5	They are always friendly when you go in and always have something good to watch on TV. I've been going there off & on for a couple of years and appreciate their service. Their cuts are great, conversations are good and probably the most relaxing atmosphere of all the barbers I've been to in the area!
3	Nice people; Inconsistent haircutsI like the shop and the people.  It can be a little busy, so you know they are doing something well.  Prices are reasonable and it's a chance to watch some sports or an action flick while you get a trim.Only knock is that I get a different haircut each time.  Same instructions, but depending on the person and the day, I can come out looking quite a bit different.
5	"Friendly service, great cuts, hot towel shave! Best barber I've been to on the West side. Don't waste your $ at the chain barbers."
5	My 19-y.o. son Michael had never been to a barber shop.  He was very impressed with the quality of service and they went above and beyond to make sure the haircut looked good. The hot towel and back/shoulder massage topped off the haircut -- he was treated to a "real" guy experience.  We will be back!!
5	Best barber shop I have ever been to.  Massage and hot towel?  Are you kidding me?  They fade so clean and tight, the massage and hot towel are only the icing on the cake.  I was loyal to the same barber for over 5 years when I decided to give these guys a shot.  I never went back.
5	Always satisfied when I walk out! I'm a barber so it feels nice to be on the chair and trust me when I say, they know what they're doing!
5	Was looking for a new barber as mine sometimes has been inconsistent. Great service. Clean lines etc. I will definitely be back!
4	Best haircut for men in the west valley. I have been coming here for over a year now and have never been upset with any part of it. They are true barbers and always give a great haircut and wrap it up with a strait razor shave and short shoulder massage. It is $17 for a cut but we'll worth it if you take pride in your appearance.
5	Absolutely phenomenal haircut and experience! These folks take care of their customers from start to finish. I thought I would have a hard time finding a great, traditional barber shop after moving from the east valley. Not only did I find it, the experience exceeded what I had been accustomed to
