5	Love my brows! it's is the most detailed job she'd done with it. Other places always rush you, but here they really put time to analyze what ur brows need. I highly recommended to anyone.
1	I came here yesterday for a quick eyebrow threading.This was not my first time here, in fact I come to this place every once in awhile because I thought they did a good job, but yesterday ruined my good thoughts on this place and also has damaged the integrity and reputation of this place in my mind. Now all they have is a lost customer and a bad yelp review.I was the only person in the place, but for some reason the lady felt the need to rush me through and she made my eyebrows uneven.  NOTICEABLY uneven. I know she knew she fucked up too, because she didn't hand me a mirror at the end to look at my brows, and she didn't even say anything, just took the payment, and the tip I always give her, and let me walk out without so much an apology or refund.There was no way I would of tried to let her fix them either, I hate thin eyebrows, I think it looks tacky, and I specifically told her I just wanted a clean up, not to have them shrunk down to pencil thin lines. I now have to fill in my brows like a moron until they can grow back a decent amount and I can get someone else to fix them.Screw this place and that horrible chick that jacked up a simple task. If you don't want to take the time to put quality in your work, maybe you should find a different job. I won't be returning to this threading place and will definitely warn all my friends to avoid disaster here as well.
5	100% the best eyebrow threading facility in Las Vegas. The wait times are minimal and she is beyond talented. I've been to quite a few eyebrow threading places and none compare to here. I drive across town just to come here.
4	I used to wax all my unwanted hair, then I tried laser treatment.. None of it worked, it would always come back darker and thicker, I started going here about 6 months ago, and I go less and less because my hair grows back slower each time! The lady who does the threading here is very sweet and is very patient with me every time! (I always get teary & need breaks)  She always has good suggestions with my dry sensitive skin too.. I would definitely recommend threading over waxing or expensive laser any day.. If your in the area this is a great place to walk in anytime for service and good care! They do not mind my son hanging out while I am in the chair too and he is an active 4 yr old! Prices are very reasonable too, nothing but good experience every time.. :)
5	Love this place!! I will never wax my brows again. She is beyond talented and always friendly. I use to wax my brows and was never happy with the look and the effects of the chemicals on my skin. I strolled in here one day and refuse to go anywhere else since. I recommend coming here if you're looking for efficient eyebrow threading.
