4	Haymarket is so simple and that is what makes me like it.It has 4 platforms and as a general rule:Platform 1: Edinburgh Waverley and south.Platform 2: Anywhere North of Edinburgh e.g. Aberdeen, Stirling, Perth, Inverness etc.Platform 3: Edinburgh Waverley and south.Platform 4: GlasgowObviously platforms change so don't read this and head on down to Haymarket and go the platform without reading the announcement screen, but as a general rule that is how it works. There is a coffee stand on one platform and a little shop on another. And that is it. Just trains going to and from in an organized manner. It is so small and simple that not much can go wrong. Staff are always great and helpful and there is always a good stock of Metros. At 8am on a weekday watch out because you will probably get trampled by the hundreds of commuters filing out the station.
4	Whenever I get the shuttle bus into Edinburgh city centre from the Airport I always get off at Haymarket as it's one stop closer to Glasgow Queen Street. I have a few friends who live closer to Waverly station too so whenever I visit them I'll get off here too. I remember when I went to my friends 21st birthday party I was running really late, I didn't want to have to walk through Glasgow and sit on the train dolled up to the nines so decided the best option was to get change in the toilets when I got to Haymarket Station. The toilets were pretty dingy and when I emerged I got glances off sleazy old men that made me wish I'd just got changed at the party but I didn't want to turn up in old jeans. For some reason whatever time of day I use this station most of the travellers are either guys in business suits or complete oddballs with a few regular passengers thronw in, I was once asked by someone if they could cut my hair. Strange.Anyways, Haymarket is a busy station, with clearly marked platforms and the staff are always helpful too. I remember standing behind a guy in the ticket queue who'd come to Haymarket instead of Waverly and missed his train so they guy just printed off another ticket for him. Nice.
3	Haymarket is quite a nice train station, if a little small. Although for it's faults to be perfectly honest it doesn't really need to be there! Edinburgh Waverly is a mere 3 minutes (on train, about 15 by foot) away and its sphere of influence is practically the same as Waverly! But I must admit I sometimes go to Haymarket rather than Waverly for a quieter, simplier train-station experience.The building itself is really nice and traditional, and it's really easy to navigate around. As there are only 4 platforms, it's relatively easy to find the one for you. There are some lovely bars in the area and a particularly good Starbucks just outside it. Whenever the rugby is on, Haymarket gets mobbed. So look out for that...!
4	A surprisingly dull and grim station which resides on the Western edge of the city centre, Haymarket serves it's purpose very well without doing anything special in particular. Facilities are practically non-existent bar a grubby coffee shop and rudimentary WH Smith, and the steep stairs don't exactly lend themselves well to disabled travellers. I get the Glasgow-Edinburgh mainline train past here every day, and as it's nearer to the main office districts about 90% of the ashen faced, tightly packed commuters get off here instead of Waverley. These poor sods not only have the misfortune of a poorly appointed station, but on the way back at 5 never get a seat as they're all long since taken by those that got on at Waverley. After wasting 8 hours of the day in a grey office with people they despise, that's the last thing these unfortunate souls need.So because of Haymarket, I get a seat each day on the way home where I can contemplate how badly my life has went wrong in comfort. I guess then that Yay, I'm a fan.
3	Haymarket wouldn't exactly wow you with its marvellous architecture, but at the end of the day you're most likely there to catch a train than to capture something beautiful on your camera.Haymarket is usually pretty busy, and at peak times you may be swamped by the crowd since it's pretty cramped. Nevertheless, it's very easy to figure out and you won't find yourself lost. It's manned with staff who all seem very helpful - they always help me through the gates with my bike when I've got it. As far as amenities go, it's not the best. There's the obligatory W H Smith kiosk, which is becoming so expensive it's a wonder they're still in business. But since they pitch themselves in stations, they make a massive profit over last minute purchases. Having to drag my bike down two flights of stairs to get to the platform yesterday, I would testify to it being awkward for people with bikes, carrying lot of luggage, and the disabled. I'm unsure if there's a lift but would sincerely hope there is because if you were travelling alone in a wheelchair it would be impossible to get down those stairs. The staff are helpful, however, so I'm sure they'd give you a hand.Haymarket's saving grace is that it's easy to work out. With only four platforms, you are either travelling north, south or to Glasgow. It's clearly signposted so it's difficult to make human errors when you're figuring out where to go. It's not blindingly beautiful and perhaps doesn't have the passenger a lot to offer, but it could be a lot worse. Service seems to run smoothly here which is largely due to Haymarket's great team of efficient staff.
1	The windy city at it's most austere. No traveller who alights here could feel "welcome to Edinburgh". Those who can would be better to stay on the train until Waverley.
3	There's nothing particularly memorable about Haymarket train station. But there's also nothing particularly unpleasant about it either. I mean, it's there for a purpose. To take a train. And it serves that purpose well enough. I mean, I'm not the biggest fan of Waverley either, so I guess it's just about whether it does what it's supposed to do. It's also the closer option if you live in the West End of Princes Street or, (duh) Haymarket. It might not have all the amenities of Waverley, but it's also not as busy because it's less central. There's a good taxi rank there, too, and, unlike Waverley where you have to queue, there's always a cab to catch back home from there if you're feeling overladen or lazy.
3	It's Waverley, but smaller, scummier and further out of the city. Haymarket is pretty rubbish and there is no reason to go here unless you live right next to it. It can be quite intimidating when it's quiet and dark, and is just a bit crap to be honest. But it serves a purpose and if you live round there is probably very useful
3	You know one of the things I love about Yelp, amongst, well, everything? The ability to review train stations. I was thinking, hmm, in cities I've visited outside of my CM constituency of Manchester, what haven't I talked about? Transport, mostly!Okay... there's not a lot I can say about Haymarket aside from what's already been offered by these lovely Edinburgh peeps. So from an outsider's perspective, I can tell you that it reminds me of none other than little Manchester Oxford Road. It's small and simple, with platforms you can count on one hand that only go in particular directions. It allows me to get to and from Manchester Piccadilly without having to change trains. Bonus! (Disclaimer: ELH hates changing trains. I have a habit of making myself ridiculously at home during journeys of any kind which involve sitting down, and changing trains means I have to undergo that process twice. No.) The stairs do make it tricky, to back up Marj, especially if you've come armed with both a travel case on wheels and a box containing 12 bottles of Corona, lemons, limes, houmous and pitta bread (private inside tradition, it'll become clear). But that's precisely the same as Oxford Road, weirdly.Considering it's only a small distance away from central Edinburgh, it's certainly worth using (after all, you have yourselves such a lovely little city which can be traversed almost entirely on foot. That's something I can get on board with). And on a personal note, it's right by my best boy-friend's apartment. So since I can't move him back to Manchester, I plan to cosy up with Haymarket Station plenty more.
3	Unlike Waverley, Haymarket has fewer shops, fewer tourists, fewer platforms, and seemingly fewer trains.I dunno. It's a station, isn't it? As far as I'm concerned a railway station gets 3 stars for having rails in and rails out. Haymarket has seemingly little more than this.
3	When are they finally going to finish the improvements to this station??It is too grim and everytime I have to be here its always freezing! It serves its purpose, but i think given that its just the western side of the city, it needs alot of work done!. If the pictures of theplanned refurbishments are anything to go by then by the time it is finished it will look much better, but why does it always take an age to do??
2	As far as railway stations go, this is one I don't look forward travelling through. There's no indoor part to wait, and I get cold easily. There are lots of 'middle lanes' between tracks and I don't like waiting on those parts (fear of someone falling onto the tracks). There's a wee Starbucks outside for half-decent coffee, and one wee Pumpkin inside for half decent food. The entrance is small and there are now automatic barriers which make it really tough to get through in rush hour, with all the people. There just isn't generally much good about this station really. It's not terrible, just not a very enjoyable part of the train-travelling experience.
2	Very possibly the coldest train station I've ever been to. Haymarket station is unfortunately entirely outdoors, even the indoors bits because they're still not impervious to the wind and cold. It's a much smaller station than Edinburgh Waverley, but sometimes seems to be just as busy. There's a pumpkin coffee shop for some half decent food/drink, but pretty much no other amenities. Toilets I suppose. I don't think Haymarket is a bad station even though I'm sounding quite negative about it. I've spent a lot of time at the station in the 2 and a half years I've been in a relationship with someone from Fife, but it just isn't a pleasant addition to any travelling experience.
2	The site of much building just now (October 2013) we seem to be heading towards a new Haymarket before too long. Such is the impact these Edinburgh trams are having on the city that Haymarket is gearing up to be a proud, upstanding transport hub and interchange. I see no reason to doubt that once everything's in place all will be well: trains, trams, buses and taxis in close proximity, the airport a short ride away.For now though: two stars for functioning as well as it does through the upheaval but with much room for improvement.
3	An update in my last review, since the improvements have been made. Unfortunatley I wanted to improve my 3 stars...but alas I cant. Yes the improvements have been made and you can see the results, but its still so bleak. Why are train stations always so cold even although they have an indoor waiting area?? This is a well used station, more effort needed !!!
4	Hopped off the train at the new look Haymarket station yesterday, and I'm quite impressed. It's a lot bigger, very modern, spacious and light and a big improvement on the old cramped space that  passed for a major station and an important airport transfer link.There's no an escalator up rather than the old rickety stairs, and it's just a lot nicer to hang about in.Having said that, I'm not sure if they'll be using the old frontage of the station or not - I hope so, as it'd be a shame to see it go to waste.
4	I think I'm going to be a bit controversial here and rate this station on what it is quickly becoming... a year ago it was functional, but just grim to put it politely.  The new entrance is now open however and suddenly there is a glimmer of hope... it went from being a cramped and dingy place, to something that wouldn't stand out at as bad at Canary Wharf... great open space for such a small station.  My only real grip at the moment is that there is little in the actual station, but the mini M&S having opened up recently helps with this and they will certainly open a few small shops on the platforms when the renovation completes... lets face it, this isn't likely a station that you would spend hours in, so I guess it doesn't need much to be fair.I like that this is a smaller station, but this lends itself to being busy at peak business times into and out of the city so if you're travelling at those hours keep that in mind.The things to look out for are a) faulty self service ticket machines, and b) slippery floors in the lobby when it is raining... that shiny surface looks great for presentation, but not exactly rushing commuter friendly when the floors get a bit wet.So here's to you Haymarket, keep up the good work!
4	After the recent transformation and construction works, The Haymarket Train Station is now a 'major player' in the train station league :o) Whereas the old station was build using stone and wood, and was quite dark on the platforms. The new incarnation uses glass, steel and plenty opportunities for natural light to penetrate throughout! There are more automatic ticket machines, a few ticket offices and quite a few (still to be occupied) shopping units. It almost feels continental. Almost. I like it.
3	I've been travelling to and from Haymarket over the past few weeks for work in Edinburgh. As a result, I've got pretty familiar with the station. Since the revamp, it's a whole lot more spacious and it's certainly impressive in size. However, in comparison to the plethora of food stands in Glasgow Queen Street and the shops on offer in Glasgow Central, Haymarket does fall a little short on that side of things; with just an M&S Food and an AMT coffee stand. And most of the platforms are outside which isn't too great for those cold winter mornings. And come to think of it, they could do with a few more ticket barriers considering the size of the station.But, hey, it's not all bad! - Credit where credit's due, it is looking modern, fresh and spacious since the revamp.
4	Hopped off at Haymarket today for the first time since they finished the refurb, and I have to say I was very impressed with how much room there now is in the upstairs concourse area - it's positively massive! They've managed to retain the old building frontage, but instead of the cramped area with ticket office and too few barriers where you had to fight to get in or out of the door at rush hour, it now opens up into a huge bright glass-covered space, which at the moment seems to house only the AMT coffee stall and a new M&S Simply Food; but there is the promise (and the room) for more things in here. There's also a new exit out to the main road where the tram stop is.After going through the barriers, there is a completely new bridge straddling the platforms, with lifts and escalators as well as stairs. I'm definitely impressed, even if I did still manage to wind up on the wrong platform for the Glasgow train. If it wasn't for my Scotrail app telling me that it was on Platform 2 instead of the usual 4, I would have missed it!
