5	It's a very nice and calm restaurant, almost chic kind of, but you can still go there in casual with friends or your loved one. The staff there are great and the chef is awesome! In my opinion, the price isn't too high compared to some very high class restaurant.
4	Great sushi place. Very small place. The outside and inside are not the anything to write home about, but that doesn't matter once you try the sushi. The menu is basically soup, salad and sushi... So if you want more don't waste your time!All of the rolls we had were wonderful and the amount of fish in each roll was bigger than I have seen in years. They had very good flavors and selections. I loved the simple salad and the miso was not bad. If I am back in the area I would for sure go back. I would love to have a place like this down the street to hit up once a week. Do yourself a favor and try it.
5	I have been going there for years, and I could tell you with all sincerity it's one of the best authentic Sushi restaurants in Montreal. No Fancy fusions, only well balanced, well prepared, Japanese Sushi.The chef is the only one who makes the Sushi. He prepares each piece in such a meticulous and precise manner, which can take a little bit of patience on the customers part. But waiting should never be an issue at Kyoto's, especially if one had  past experience of what mouth watering dish will come it's way, knowing that the final result is nothing less then a skilful and masterly composed dish of perfection. So don't expect it to be done in 5 min."Nothing but the best". If they don't have it fresh they wont serve it. If a certain fish was out of season or simply not up to the chefs rigorous standards of freshness. It will be removed off the menu, and Although I might have been looking forward to that specific sort of Maki, I find comfort in knowing that "Mr. Chef Kyoto" only uses the best ingredients. Besides variety isn't whats missing.I brought many friends to this place along the years and even if some of them disliked Sushi;  ran the other way at the idea of a raw dish of fish, or simply, their past experiences were limited to the "All you can eat" joints. they've all been converted and adopted Kyoto as a reference of what Sushi outside Japan should taste like. (NO More Kanda)The ambiance is exactly what I need when I want to have a relaxing meal with a few friends, or a romantic evening with my girlfriend enjoying some wonderful and artfully crafted Sushi, Sashimi, Tempura...etc. Some Jazz playing in the background and a good Kieran Ichiban beer, what more can you ask for.I always feel welcome by Mrs.Mr. Kyoto. Unfortunately I don't know their real names, and foolishly never thought to ask, but that never stopped their customary in synced greeting of Hello and Goodbye. Making you feel remembered and appreciated.
4	Freshest sushi and sashimi in town ! The service is great, the food is absolutely deliciousss!!! A bit out of your way when you live downtown, but definitely worth the trip. Also, it is a bit more pricey, the service can be a bit slow in the evening (because there is only one chef) But once in a while, treat yourself there, you won't regret it.
