3	I'd have to start this by saying that my experience with Sticky Fingers goes way back - I helped set up the point of sale system (fancy cash registers) with the second or third location in the Charleston area a whole lot of years ago.  That doesn't really influence anything about this location, I just thought I'd mention it.We stopped in for a lazy Saturday afternoon - or maybe it was a holiday afternoon.  They were about the same, in that the place wasn't too crowded, which was nice.  Seated quickly without having to wait.  Staff attention was nice as well.The menu had a decent selection on it, but face it - you're here for the ribs.  I ended up going with a barbecue and rib combo, because I didn't really feel like being disappointed by a small portion of ribs that didn't fill me up, and I didn't want to get a portion that was too big (not usually an issue, but I was trying to think ahead).In the end, I probably would have been better off going for a rib-only selection.  The sandwich was okay, but nothing special, and there's plenty of that around town.  The ribs were definitely the reason to go to Sticky Fingers.  While they have a good selection of sauces (as has been mentioned), I can't say I like all of them.I'm typically a fan of mustard-based sauce, but not on ribs.  The Memphis dry isn't a sauce, and ribs need sauce.  The whiskey isn't bad.  That leaves the Memphis wet and the habanero.  I actually preferred the habanero, as it left a nice tingle in your mouth after you ate - but for some, it might be too much - if that's the case, go with the Memphis sweet and you probably won't be sorry that you did.On the sides - that's up to you.  I wasn't impressed with anything.  Maybe it's a matter of when you go, but the mac & cheese that we had just wasn't good.  Neither were any of the other sides.  Go for ribs and enjoy them.I also would have loved to have had one of the towels mentioned here, because we had to use paper napkins.  Lots of them.  They did bring out some nice heated wet naps at the end, but the towels would have been even better.
5	GREAT BBQ place. I've lived in NC for two years and I kept trying to find a good place to eat BBQ, and this is the one. Not only is there BBQ, but there are other items like the wings and salads. Everything is delicious, there are many different BBQ sauces to try as well. Staff service is GREAT, and the beer choices are good too. There's nothing to complain about. Interior is clean, celebrities have been there, what more can you say?
4	Stopped in here for some dinner during race weeks and it was pretty good. If you've never been there they'll give you 2 free ribs as a sample - and its worth it bc they are GOOD. I ended up getting the half rack and pulled pork platter with broccoli cheese rice and potato salad (which i sent back bc it was super mustardy) and cinnamon apples. The ribs are amazing. I got them dry. The pork was good, but not AS good as the ribs. The sides were good (except the above mentioned potato salad but that was personal preference). They have 4 sauces to choose from so there should be something for everyone I'd think.
3	It turns out that we spent another Saturday afternoon eating at Sticky Fingers, and without even looking to see what I had written last time, I came up with almost the same exact review.  My opinion was almost identical as well!This time around, I did decide to try out their sweet tea, and let me say that if you actually get the tea, it's awfully sweet.  Some of the sweetest I've ever had at a restaurant.  Almost like syrup.  Tasty!  Unfortunately the first glass I had was unsweetened.  The second tasted like a mix of sweet and unsweetened.  I'm not sure if the third glass was actual sweet tea, or if I just had a glass at the bottom of the batch, but it was awesome.I'll also have to say that while the service was friendly, they aren't very good at clearing plates.  As glasses and plates stacked up on the table, they didn't do a thing to clear them.  Very annoying.Unfortunately I didn't take my earlier advice, and I ordered a pork sandwich, which meant that I was a bit disappointed with the meal, as the Sticky Fingers barbecue just isn't that great.  I also had a side of their broccoli and cheese casserole, which was pretty well just mush.We also tried some of the hickory-smoked wings, which were really good.  Wish that we had more of them, in fact.Luckily I also scored some ribs from some of the others at the table (have to love eating with family), which made everything else okay.  Once again, I tried each of the various sauces and once again I decided that I'm a fan of the habanero sauce.  It starts off tasting like the Memphis Sweet, but gives you a little tingle at the end.  Very nice.  Now I just wish I had more of the ribs to eat.  Someone remind me next time I go to Sticky Fingers?
1	This incident happened on July 5, 2009 at the Sticky Fingers in Concord, NC. For weeks the local restaurant ignored my repeated telephone calls to discuss the matter. On October 22, October 23, and October 24, I mailed identical letters to three different individuals at the Sticky Fingers headquarters at 300 West Coleman Blvd, Suite 101 in Mount Pleasant, SC; all of them included photocopies of my 7/5/09 receipt, my return address, and my telephone number, and made it clear that I was not looking for any restitution but did want to discuss the matter.It's the end of December now, weeks since then without reply. I feel justified in exposing the matter more widely.Before our visit to Sticky Fingers, my wife and I had no symptoms of ill health, and had entirely different foods and drinks for breakfast and lunch. At Sticky Fingers, though, we ate the same food (pulled pork) and the same drink (half lemonade / half diet cola). I ate and drank about 50% more than my wife. After we paid the bill, I felt the need to use the restroom and barely made it in time to use the toilet there.I met my wife at the car and she teased me a little since it's more typical for me to wait for her to use the bathroom. About five minutes after leaving the Sticky Fingers parking lot, she was desperate herself and crying for me to get back to the house as soon as possible. She also had an unnaturally urgent bowel movement.I am not unsympathetic to the challenges facing the food service industry. Before 8pm that evening, I calmly phoned the local restaurant at 704-979-7427 and spoke with the shift manager. I hoped to warn him that he likely had an issue, and I suspected his ice machine (based on my wife's expertise). The shift manager claimed that the ice machine is "thoroughly cleaned twice a day", which seems a blatant falsehood but I didn't argue. I explicitly assured the shift manager that I wasn't looking for anything but the safety of his customers and he assured me that a manager would soon return my call. No one has returned any of my calls.My wife, a food service professional herself, asked me to write directly to Sticky Fingers headquarters with these facts and again emphasize that I'm not looking for anything but improved practices at Sticky Fingers restaurants. Weeks later, my wife and I have both been surprised and dismayed that a chain would treat a serious complaint so dismissively. Apparently the local restaurants just follow the customers-should-get-lost example of chain headquarters.
5	Been there a few times and have tried almost everything but the pulled pork.  Everything is excellent.  One of my favorite rib restaurants even though is a chain.
4	I've had better experiences at places, but my "not great" one here had little to do with Sticky's. They do need to spread you out a little more if they are not that busy so you don't get seated by some horrible idiots with their horrible idiot kids. But I digress.     Good food, but I wasn't floored, they didn't have the dessert I really wanted but I won't hold that against them, it happens.  I don't know where some of the other commenters have been but they don't have that great of a beer selection. Dessert ended up being good but it makes me wonder what the one I wanted would have been like.  Good enough for a return visit, but it won't be on the top of my list for places to go.  It was a haul to get here and there are plenty of other places in the area that have much better rep's.
4	Sweet buns on fire... Their service is excellent, and I mean absolutely marvelous(: The waiter was a very chill person, and he let us have our space, yet came whenever it seemed that we needed something. It was so perfect. I loved it.Their chicken wings are so magnificent, especially with their barbecue ranch sauce. All the sauces were bomb bomb. Just everything that I tasted here was so wonderful- beyond Heaven. I felt like I was way up there. I probably looked that way too. Just the chicken wings alone lifted me into a space where magical euphoria flew towards me like a meteor and hit me so hard that it knocked me out. I went on a wild gorilla rampage. The sad part about all this is: my mom interrupted my meal because of a so called "emergency". I had to depart with the glorious wings to go next door to Razzoo's, which is amazing...ly horrifying compared to Sticky Fingers.
5	I don't care what anybody says...you come to Sticky Fingers and you come for ribs. Beer and deserts just don't matter. Their ribs are to die for and they have the best smoked wings around. I've been to their stores in Savannah, Charleston,Concord and Matthews and will continue to keep them at the top of my list for ribs and wings. You go, guys!
4	Yumm BBQ
5	We went again for ribs and (as usual) we were treated to what I consider the best ribs around. What surprised us the most was the bread pudding topped with ice cream and caramel.  Past experiences with bread pudding had turned me off and I felt I just didn't like it. The waitress sort of talked me into trying it and I was shocked as to how good it tasted. I'll definitely get it again. Again...I will say you go to Sticky Fingers for the ribs and smoked chicken wings.
4	i had there ribs lots of time and they are just banging. my father turned me on to this place and i have been keeping the tradition going ever since.
4	Great service, great food.  As an avid amateur BBQ-er, I recognize how hard it is to get a nice deep smoke ring on ribs, and I come here when I want to taste the fruit of a restaurant-grade smoker set up!  I love coming here, and if you're at The Mills, go here.
4	Very goood ribs. I preferred the rub without the sauce. Deep fried corn is awesome.
4	Good ribs, okay service. Near the mall so it is constantly bombarded with traffic on weekends. Good family restaurant.
1	OK, here's the thing, I'm not a BBQ snob or anything, I just LOOOOOOOVE really good 'Que, and I despise it with a passion when its not up to par. SO, I guess a better adjective would be "passionate". Yea, that's it, I have a strong passion for barbecue.  Like that girl that you love with every fiber of your being when things were going good, but loath with a passion when things are on the slide.  You only loath and despise her because you CARE.  With all that being said, I despise Sticky Fingers Smokehouse and everything it stands for.  There's no debate in my mind - they served the absolutely WORSE RIBS I'VE EVER HAD.  Now I will say, I went there late, on a slow weekday evening looking to try something different.  But that doesn't mean the food should be garbage just because its not peak dining hours.  If you can't serve good, quality food during the hours you are open - then CLOSE!! The sides were just OK.  Well, to be honest, they may have been better than "OK" but all that was overshadowed by the fact that I literally had to pull with all my strength to separate the meat from the bones.  The meat was as tough as bricks.  I mean, they're ribs people, the meat should "FALL-off-the-bone" not stay stuck to the bone because the ribs have been sitting out and around all day long!  I feel like my heart has been broken by yet another underwhelming BBQ experience by a place that claims they have "Fall-off-the-Bone" ribs.  STOP IT ALREADY!  The only thing that "falls" are my hopes and dreams of having a tasty well prepared meal - falls down the drain that is.
4	YUMMY. I wanted to make sure I had bbq at least once while in NC. I was tired from a week of traveling and talking, but I found this place on Yelp. It was close to my hotel so I could take it to-go and enjoy it in the privacy of my room. I walked in and ordered to-go with the friendly lady at the front. The food took awhile (about 20-25 minutes) but it was well worth the wait. I got a regular sized Pulled Pork sandwich with french fries and original bbq sauce. I guess there's a large sized sandwich, but the regular was giant enough for me. The pricing was excellent (about $8 total) and the food was delicious! I'm sure I could've had more "authentic" bbq elsewhere in NC, but this place really fit the bill for what I was looking for. Yum!
3	The food was tasty, but the portions were on the small side.
5	Wow! We started with an appetizer. The wings were AMAZING!  Next came the ribs and pulled pork combo...so tender and YUMMY. I like the Carolina Sweet sauce but Brandon likes the Tennessee Whiskey the best. We both totally fell in love with the sweet potato casserole...dessert in disguise. Of course we finished with the bread pudding. The beer and service were great! Can't wait to go back!
5	The ribs and sauces are a smoky, sticky and delicious!  5 different flavors. The corn muffins have a little sweet flavor, they are fantastic.  Our server was top notch!!!!  He made our vist extremely comfortable.
4	Awesome experience...our waiter was James and he did a wonderful job.   This was the first time my wife and I ate here.  We ordered the combo platters.  Excellent choice and it was more than enough.
5	The pulled pork Bbq was the best i have had in a long time. Great friendly bartender Ben took great care of me.
4	I went here last week for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. I had heard good things about it, and it lived up to its reputation. I ordered the kids ribs (because you're never too old to order off the kids menu there). Automatic plus in my book since I eat small meals, was visiting from out of town, and had no way to take leftovers home.  The dish came out with 4 ribs and a nice little helping of French fries, to which I sampled with every BBQ sauce offered on the table. My favorites after repeated dipping- Carolina Classic and Tennesee Whiskey. The waiter got my bill wrong, but immediately fixed it and provided us with great service. I would definitely go back, but I want leftovers to take home next time!
3	Sticky Fingers reminds me of Smokey Bones in Fayetteville, NC, which I'm a big fan of. This restaurant, while good, falls short of my experience at that restaurant, so I give it a great rating. I like the variety of barbecue sauces.Even on a busy Friday night, we didn't end up waiting long. Also, the restaurant is kid friendly, so most families will enjoy it.
4	We found Sticky Fingers completely by accident. Turns out that it was one of the best accidents we've had! Exceptional smoked wings and cornbread biscuits. Service was friendly and quick. We give it two thumbs up!!
1	Tired of traditional xmas meals, we ordered family sized take out from here.  The pulled chicken was dry. The pulled pork was very plain and the ribs were average.  Made worse was the fact that they forgot to add the barbeque sauce to the order and when we called to complain, they credited us a measly $4.00 on a $50 order.  You can do a lot better at a lot of places.
3	Sadly, I wish I could speak on the BBQ here, but I have never tried it.  Both times I have eaten here, I have gotten the chicken tenders platter.  The chicken tenders are ginormous! Add that with two sides of your choice (mine was mac 'n cheese & french fries), & you have yourself quite a meal. In fact, I couldn't eat two of my tenders because it was entirely too much food.The waitress we had was extremely nice & checked on us just the right amount.  The other wait staff at nearby tables were just as attentive. The food temperature was perfect. The mac 'n cheese was oh so creamy & cheesy, I might could have made a meal just out of it.  The fries were hot & crisp.Their prices are reasonable, especially since the portions are big. The area we were in was clean & tables cleared off quickly as customers left.Maybe next trip I'll try the BBQ. :)
2	My wife and I went to this Sticky Fingers for lunch today. We've been to this location quite a number of times and were so surprised at how salty the ribs were today. The service was good  and they volunteered to replace the ribs for me, but I declined as I had no more appetite. I'll go back, but  for the first time I'm disappointed.
4	I eat here twice a month the food is always good.  I usually sit at the bar and the bartender always takes great care of me I think his name is ben very good.  Reliable and considtant
4	Went to Sticky fingers and had wings. they were 10x better than the Quaker Lube down the street. Ate at the bar. The bartender was very attentive and the bar/eating area was exceptionally clean. If I am back in town and looking for some great wings, great service and a clean restaurant- then I will be here.
2	I live very close to the Concord Mills location and have given it a few chances.....now I am moving on. I am a BBQ snob, being raised in the south will do that to a person. That being said, there are contenders and pretenders...Sticky fingers is a pretender. I have tried the pulled pork twice and the ribs once, each time I left wanting "real BBQ". Yes the sauce are pretty good, and you need them to mask the blandness of the meat. Their sides are ok, but I have had much better elsewhere. Bottom line....if you want honest to God "real" BBQ, this is not the place. Try Jim and Nick's down the street.
4	I went to Concord, North Carolina on business trip recently.I wanted to try something recommended by the locals and wound up at Sticky Fingers. Along with y colleagues, we all tried the sliced beef brisket lunch special. It came with 2 sides.  I chose fried corn and gravy & mash. All of it was delicious. Don't forget to ask for a piece of corn bread to complete the meal.It's worth noting that they have an array of different BBQ sauces for the meat. I really liked the Habanero sauce. It wasn't that spicy, but very flavorful.  I also enjoyed the sweet sauce.We topped off our meal by sharing a couple of desserts: peach cobbler and pecan pie. I loved both. I'm not a huge fan of pecan pie, but now I am. It was so good.Everything was washed down with a big gulp's worth of sweet tea.This place is very casual, a great value for the money, and the food & service will not let you down.
5	Great food. Great service
2	Have had much better BBQ.  It was just myself so I couldn't order too much.  I had the ribs and beef brisket combo with beans and slaw.  Both sides were good but the beef and ribs were dry.  The ribs were not very meaty at all,
4	I went back to this location and once again, had some great ribs. The last time I was here must have been an off day as everything was good.l  Service was good and the ribs were to die for.
4	On a Saturday, as a family we had lunch at Sticky Fingers.  There were 4 adults and 2 children and one teen.  The service was superior.  The Beer was the coldest we had ever had.  The food was delicious.  We had a variety of selections from the menu and everyone was pleased.We would highly recommend this restaurant and we would definitely return.
4	One of my favorite rib joints. Good ribs.
1	Disgusting.  Ribs were overcooked and cold.  The ribs were definitely in a warming oven for hours...dry and no taste.  The baked beans were hard, just like they had been dumped from a can and heated up.  I called the manager to the table and all he could say was, "Can I get you something else."  No apology.  Plus kids are serving, which caused a problem for one of my guests who ordered wings but the wings never came out.  I asked her about the wings and she asked me, "Do you want me to go get them?"  My guests looked at each other before we said yes.  Just avoid this place.  No flavor, an institutional prep and delivery, and sub -par quality.  If you're at Concord Mills Mall and you want BBQ, just go to Sonny's.
1	We took our entire staff there and the food was horrible. It didn't even have the taste of smoke! We complained and the manager came over who didn't care whether it was good or not. Hard, dried out ribs and tough chicken. $165.00 wasted on bad food and horrible management.
3	Pretty good food. I got a small pulled pork sandwich, and dressed it with the different choices of BBQ sauce they have on the table (which is awesome, thanks for having them all on the table!)The service was really good. Our waiter was very nice and friendly. Oh, and their margaritas are super strong. I believe I got a watermelon one. I was pleasantly surprised! ;)
3	Not big for chains, but they have great smoked wings with a few bbq sauce options. Their dry rub is good but they have been bad about burning those at times.
5	While on a short weekend break at Great Wolf Lodge with family, seven of us decided to try this place for the first time. The service and the food were outstanding. We were seated right away; and, corn muffins and drinks immediately followed. Not long after, our order was in and our food arrived in less than 20 minutes after that.  The price relative to the amount and quality of food was very respectable. I would absolutely visit this location again. Highly recommended.
3	Your standard smokehouse food.  Food was good!
5	As my wife and I were leaving the mall on a busy Saturday evening with a 2 year old and a 2 week old, we stopped in to Sticky Fingers.  This was our 1st time trying the restaurant and we were very pleased.  Nothing fancy but clean, unbelievable service, good food and served in a timely manner even when busy and hot.  The customer service was great from the hostess to the manager, and Roy our serer was awesome too.  Like I said not a fancy place but good food, clean, very reasonably priced, great service, and very kid friendly!
1	Pretty disappointed. Horrible service, we were ignored nearly the whole time we were there, never even got a refill. When the food came out, they brought out everything except for my 4 year old's meal. He looked sad and left out until I assured him we would wait to eat our food until he got his. The ribs we got were extremely dry, and difficult to chew up. The pigs must have had an eating disorder, cause those ribs were skinny. I felt pretty sad watching my 2.5 year old getting full off of cornbread. He's not a picky eater, he'd eat a whole raw onion if you let him,  but he couldn't even eat his ribs. He did eat his Mac & Cheese, however my husband said it tasted like it came out of a box. The cornbread was good as well as the beans. The tea was perfection, I'm from Georgia and I like my tea Georgia sweet. They hit that spot on. However, as expensive as it was, I expected FAR more than good tea and beans :/ I will not be returning. I should've gone to Jim N Nicks where the food is good and the manager treats you like old friends :(
2	This place was something of a disappointment. Our server was amicable, but the wait time for the food was long, especially given that the establishment was half empty. When my pulled pork sandwich finally did arrive, the meat was bone dry and underseasoned. Fortunately, making liberal use of the array of BBQ sauces was enough to make it palatable. My companion's brisket sliders were a notch better but still nothing special, as were our sides (mac n cheese and sweet potato casserole). Eight dollars for a sandwich, side, and a drink is a fairly decent value these days, and Sticky Fingers has the right ambiance for the food it serves. However, the kitchen needs to get its act together.
2	the sauces are top notch but the ribs have no meat on them. How skimpy can they be that they get the cheapest, least meaty ribs out there. What a bummer! This was based on a visit the spring of 2013.
4	First. Great service from Roy! Very friendly and accommodative. Even allowed a little customization of my orderThey had new sauces on top of their regular 5-6 sauce offerings. They weren't great but their originals still are, especially the Green and Blue labels. Ribs were also good for the value and the fact I'm at a chain restaurant. Can't complain with that.
1	1.  The 15 minute wait to be seated was unnecessary.  There were 10 empty tables when we were seated, but yet there was a line waiting to be seated.2.  The 5 minute wait for our server to show up was way too long.3.  The service was forgettable.4.  The food was too expensive for the level of service we received.5.  Note to manager.  Hire some more servers.  Hire servers who know their income depends on their level of service they provide.6.  The food was ok, but over priced for what you get.  There are other BBQ restaurants charging half the price, and better service.
4	I came here for lunch. There wasn't much going on so the server was very attentive. The food was pretty good and or hotel had given us a coupon for a free appetizer. That's always a bonus!
4	Our server (Eric, I hope was his name) was very attentive to my allergens as well as my vegan preferences. He was on point with what was items were ok for me to eat. Not to mention he was very outgoing in accommodating me & my friend with our inquires. Now when a BBQ/Smokehouse can offer great customer service above & beyond especially to a Vegan...it's worth going back.
1	I travel alot and usually enjoy Sticky Fingers. I stopped to take my wife out for lunch and boy were we disappointed. It took a while to get our food. When we did my wife dug into the cup of collards and they were a funky taste like burnt with a hint of kale. Everything seemed overcooked and dry. Even the cole slaw wasnt that good sweet taste. Beans and mac&cheeae were pretty good. Very disappointed.... because of all the choices we had we picked Sticky Fingers....but probably not next time.
3	O.k BBQ ...we had sausage and BBQ sandwich as well as a burger they were all pretty good my favorite part of the meal was the bbq nacho for a appetizer ...
1	Its been four years, and STILL no one from the restaurant or its headquarters has reached out to me.
3	We were back in the Concord area and decided to give Sticky Fingers another try. To the establishment's credit, several of the problems (dried-out BBQ and slow service) we experienced during our initial visit did not recur. That and moderated expectations made for a much more enjoyable meal.Sticky Fingers was out of brisket when we visited, so my companion and I opted for a sausage/BBQ combo plate and an order of BBQ tacos, respectively. First, the good: all of the meats were moist, and the sausage had both a wonderful smoky aroma and a savory black pepper kick. The seasoned fries were also above-average. Now the bad: neither the pulled pork nor the pulled chicken had any discernable seasoning. Generous application of the house sauces (there are several, ranging from smoky to hot to sweet) and taco fixings remedied this, but one would expect smokehouse meats to be imbued with more flavor.Service was both friendly and prompt during this visit. While the $8 lunch specials weren't being offered, the $9 to $10.50 blue plate specials came in generous enough portions to justify the pricing. The brick-and-pipe decor remains a good fit for the cuisine, and there was plenty of seating.Upon re-evaluation, Sticky Fingers gets enough right (value, selection, sauces) to make it a decent lunch option, but the underseasoned BBQ continues to hold it back.
5	Sticky fingers is the bomb digity! Hailey served us tonight and did a fabulous job. The sticky skins are to die for and the ribs are better than anywhere I have ever had them. Thumbs up Concord! You're doing a great job!
