4	I was lucky enough to be invited to an evening at Imagine Spain last week, before their Grand Opening.  (They are now officially open).  So, I cannot speak to the pricing although I have a feeling it's reasonable.  I can, however, tell you that the paella at Imagine Spain was just as amazing as the paella I remember eating in Valencia years ago!  This may be due to the fact that one of the owners is from there and brought the recipe with her!  I can also tell you that the sangria (I had the red) was so delicious - I couldn't get enough of it.  Good thing Jared was driving that night!The decor is simple but cute... and the people were extremely welcoming... except for when Jared went into the women's bathroom because someone was in the men's and he really had to go - i don't think they were too happy about that!Overall, if you like authentic Spanish food and a laid back, simple atmosphere, take a trip to Imagine Spain - it's the next best thing to the real thing... and much less time consuming and cheaper too!  Buen provecho!
4	Just got home from Imagine Spain.. while Ive never been to Spain so I cant compare, I can certainly imagine it quite easily after all the wonderful things we had this evening. We ordered 16 items in all.. practically one of each off the hot and cold menus as well as a paella.. we ate EVERYTHING! Was so tasty.. there was this tuna and eggplant dish that was so amazingly fresh and savory.. couldn't get enough! A couple of the tapas could have used a little bit of sea salt.. which might be a nice little touch later on.. a small finger bowl of Spanish sea salt.. yum! The seafood paella was cooked perfectly, all the way to the crispy little caramelized bits on the side and bottom of the pan..   now that's some serious tongue love right there!!All these items came out to be around 130 bucks.. VERY well priced! Imagine Spain is a real treat and joy.. try this place before the word gets out and is packed every weekend!
5	I was so afraid to try "Imagine Spain" because, well, I've been craving a great tapas place for years and every time I think I've found one, I've been disappointed.However, I'm glad my husband made me try this place out last night. It was fabulous! It's much smaller and more simple than I had imagined, first of all. And that's a good thing. It strikes me as a place that focuses on the FOOD, not on the fuss.We had a great night here: Incredibly friendly waitstaff, great wines and sangria, and wonderful tapas. We shared the cheese plate, the sherry mushrooms, the tortilla and some mixture of roasted veggies and (tuna? I think?) along with the complimentary bread and sauces. Also, they gave us a little appetizer for free that was amazing. Then, my husband, dedicated to overstuffing himself, ordered the lamb entree, which he also said was very good.The owner of the restaurant kept coming out to check on the customers, too, and chat with us, which was a nice touch.This is a really great place and I hope that it does well in Scottsdale!
4	I really could not believe a place as good as this would be in a mall in Arizona, but everything in Arizona seems to be located in a mall, so...In any case, the decor isn't much, really, but it's a restaurant, and therefore food takes top priority. As for food, this place was outstanding. The true Valencia tapas was A-mazing, especially the sweet dates wrapped in bacon. Out Philadelphia way,  we have the expensive but faboo Amada; this seemed like a more reasonable place with, thankfully, huge portions of paella, which was a mouthwatering delight!
5	I actually joined Yelp so I could add to the chorus of voices praising Imagine Spain. My family and I visited there during their new Sunday lunch hours, and we enjoyed the experience so much that I want to be sure the restaurant lasts a long, long time. I agree that the decor is serviceable without being fancy, but it also means that this is a restaurant where you go to eat and enjoy the company of your friends and family - casual, friendly, and very reasonably priced. The service was very attentive. We were there for a celebration, which the server acknowledged, and the chef prepared a special dessert and served it to us personally. We tried a variety of hot and cold tapas. While they were all delicious, we particularly enjoyed the tortilla espanola, the almond-stuffed dates wrapped in bacon, and the chorizo cooked in cider. We went through a large supply of bread, because the aiolli and tomato spreads were delicious. Somehow we also managed to eat most of our paella valenciana - we were stuffed, but it was too delicious to pass up! For dessert, we had the Tarta Santiago (a special large version), which was divine, but also very filling. The sangria was fantastic, as was the cafe americano we had to accompany our dessert.I haven't been to Spain, though my parents have, and they found the food very authentic. It's as good - or better - than the Spanish food I've had in many other restaurants in Phoenix, San Diego, and Las Vegas. Overall, it was a great experience from start to finish, and I hope we have many more opportunities to visit Imagine Spain.Added 3/30/09 - I have read in the news that Imagine Spain had some issues with an electrical fire and had to close for a while. It's back open now as "Poco", with the same owner and a new look. I haven't been there yet, but I've heard through Chowhound that it's just as good. I can't wait to go back!
5	Ok, so we knew the chef and he hooked us up with a huge sampling of the best of everything (no exaggeration!).  But I think that even if we paid full price, and only got to try a few of their appetizers and one Paella, I still would be giving Imagine Spain 5 stars.It was really slow, and I felt sorry for the staff ... they seemed bored ... so all of you yelpers, go check out Imagine Spain.  It's delicious and more importantly, unique.  That's sometimes hard to find with the mass of cookie-cutter restaurants around here....
1	N.D. - I feel your pain because I was there last night too.When I imagined Spain I thought of the wonderful discovery of the tapas concept when I went to Barcelona. Those quick, but delicious bites of food washed down with beer, cava or sangria.... Instead, I now imagine Spain as the longest dinner of the worst tapas, saved only by the company of good friends. We also had four people serving us - each so eager to tell us about how they were closing for a week for a wonderful remodel. New lighting, new colors, yada, yada, yada.True, Imagine Spain doesn't exactly conger up trips abroad when you walk through the door. But a new coat of paint and cozy lighting ignores the bigger issues here. The owners should be imagining a new kitchen and wait staff and a new menu.There are serious kitchen problems with this restaurant. They could have been overlooked with good service and good food, but this restaurant fails on all accounts. - Our clearly inexperienced waitress started the night telling us about the remodel - and how they were out of some of the tapas because they weren't restocking their kitchen. Great - would anything be fresh that night?- It was clear no one was running the kitchen when it took a very long 20+ minutes for our soups and salads to come out. - No bread refills in that time or check ins to explain why. Just frantic servers standing by the kitchen window.- When our food did arrive, that's when the co-owner decided to chat us up. Hey, did they hear about their fantastic remodel? Could they make anything better? Trust me I had plenty to say. But I really wanted to eat my salad and I still wanted to give the food a chance to save the day.- The first tapa out was our fish croquet. My hungry vegetarian friends dived in - only to bite into a ham croquet.- My friends and I have all traveled or lived in Spain. These tapas were OK, but hardly traditional.- The final tapa out was the muscles. I love muscles and thought the this dish could save the whole evening. I grabbed one, popped it into my mouth and can't even describe the confusion I had when I realized it was still frozen!- Our clueless waitress didn't even seem stunned by this. She just took them away and took them off the bill. All I can say to the owners is: Imagine This:- a neon sign to tell people where you are on a dark night.- a new kitchen staff - with someone in charge who can run a line and time dishes.- step up and talk to your guests. Acknowledge problems before you bring them their food. Bring out bread, olives, drinks to fill the gap if the kitchen is behind.- hire experienced servers. It's all nice and good that you're family run. But if your family can't handle more than two tables without stressing out you'll never get more than two tables.
