4	Good buffet!
2	I go to this place a lot for the buffet which is ok. Not really that big of a buffet and if you don't get there when it is fresh you might get some pretty cold food. However this review is about their take-out service. I give them a C- for this experience. They do not give a good portion size to take home and the food was a little bland. I expected more from them. I ordered the pan fried dumpling and the sauce that came with it was very gross it was like they didn't know how to make the proper sauce so they just gave me soy sauce and some spices to go a long with it. It was not good at all. I will probably be going back but only for the buffet would not recommend take out and i will not be doing that again.
3	The CT2 buffet is decent.  It's small and the selection is not over whelming but it works for us.  We eat there every week or so because it's close to home and the food isn't terrible.  The family running the place should leave the kids at home as it sounds like a daycare sometimes.  The dining area is cold and drafty in the winter....  So I'm recommending take out.  We love the salt and pepper shrimp.
1	Ordered take out which consisted of sesame chicken, cashew chicken and crab ragoons. Were were told 20 minutes for pick up and we waited an additional 15 minutes at the restaurant when we went to pick up. There was a customer that came back to try to return the food because it was stale. Our food as well was stale, cold, and had ZERO flavor. Will not return here. Stay away from this one.
1	We have tried this place two times. Food was decent at best the first time for dinner. The second time we walked out before our meal even started due to the dry burnt food on the buffet and rude service. It's now an ongoing joke in our household of "are you hungry enough to even eat at China Town?"We're shocked it's survived this long with so little customers.
5	We hunted and hunted for a good chinese place by our house, and finally noticed China Town. We LOVED it. Great service, the food is super tasty (try the Singapore Chow Mei Fun), and they always throw in a little something extra for us - sometimes soup, sometimes donuts.Love this place!
