5	I love the ladies that work here at this pet salon!  They are extremely well trained and love animals!  Everyone here seems to have a special relationship with every dog that comes in.  I probably wouldnt trust my dog with anyone else.
5	We love this place! Just moved here from Florida in August and had a hard time finding a groomer for our mini schnauzer. We have always used holistic places that don't use cages and give a little more love! Modern pet was so nice, squeezed us in quickly since we were overdue and Stella came back looking perfect!
5	Incredible service and so good with my 3 dogs.  They took extra time to coax my shy one to the back room.  All three looked and smelled great and I knew they were handled gently.  Customer for life!
5	We had a great experience at Modern Pet! I dropped off my 5 year old Golden Retriever Finley to be groomed and trimmed up for the warmer weather. One previous groomer left a lot to be desired both in the haircut itself and their treatment of Finley (they put him in a crate when specifically asked not to). This time I brought a picture along and handed over Finley and the picture to the friendly ladies at the front desk. A few hours later I went to pick him up and nervously waited for him to be brought to the front. When they retrieved him he seemed full of energy and happy, not trembling and scarred like the previous place! He was fluffy, smelled good and they did the best job of blending the longer scissor-cut fur with the shorter clipper-cut fur, which isn't easy. I had my 9mo. old son with me and the lady told me next time I could call ahead and they'd walk Finley and belongings to my car for me! Happy (handsome) doggy, happy parents. We will definitely be back.
5	We are moving to the area and brought our dog on a house hunting trip.  She needed to be groomed and we decided to try out a local groomer.  We found Modern Pet Salon through Yelp saw the great reviews but were still skeptical.  We called ahead of time and had a very comforting conversation.  They listened to what we wanted and did not want and explained the whole process from start to finish.  From the conversation, I could tell these people knew their business.  We were greeted a their friendly staff your provided assurances our dog was in good hands.  We explained how we wanted our Wheaten Terrier cut and showed them pictures.  They called to let us know how she was doing and again when she was finished.  It was honestly the BEST cut she has ever received.  They executed on all aspects and she was happy as can be to see us.  They provided a very thorough service for a reasonable price.  We HIGHLY recommend Modern Pet Salon to any one with pet grooming needs and you can be assured we are going back next time.
3	We brought our dog there twice.  Never again.The only reason I gave them three stars is because the people there are very friendly and appointments are readily available. On the downside, both times we brought our dog there she came out not cut the way we specified. Ears were not cleaned both times.
