4	Really a pretty nice bar/restaurant. Comfortable couches and good pizza and burgers.  Good place to play trivia on Mondays. Makes me think there might be some good reasons to venture to the east side more often.
3	First thing I noticed upon entering were the comfy couches!! Jackpot!! The wait staff was very timely in seating us and the food came out pretty soon after ordering, didn't even have time to finish my drink. Very impressed!!!
4	Working on the far east side, there aren't a lot of fun places to go with the coworkers after a long day. Thankfully the Oaf has come along. The comfy couches and plenty of seating inside are great for hanging out in both small and large groups. With the wonderful early spring weather we've been having, the patio area has been great. There is tons of room out there to soak up the sun. The food is pretty decent too. They have a big brick oven pizza in the the corner that helps deliver some tasty pies at a reasonable price. I also like that you can get a whole wheat crust as an option. The many appetizers they have are yummy fried goodness that help soak out the alcohol from the many fine beers they have on tap (including ale asylum and fat tire).
4	Great place to hang out and have a good draft beer. Bartenders are friendly and good-looking--Ryan is my favorite. Not because I'm attracted to him though. Big enough to accommodate a large group and the food is decent too. Check it out.
2	This venue charges for soda refills, which is absolutely unacceptable to me.I had the grilled cheese sandwich with vegetables - the veggies were  very good, and the pesto worked well.  The cheese was barely there and the bread was basically store bought white bread.Prices were normal for the local area.  Service was somewhat slow but otherwise acceptable.Honestly, if you want better food and service, try Dexters or Ale Asylum or any chain place.
5	I love this place. I hope that Benjamin will give it another try. I've never had to pay for soda refills and have never had a bad meal. This is my go to lunch spot. I can always count on them to have a delicious soup and the wait staff is very friendly and attentive. My favorite is the "spicy oaf" burger which I get as a veggie burger. It is a nice veggie patty with pepper jack cheese, jalapenos, and a spicy red pepper spread. The are served on the freshest ciabatta rolls that I've had since moving to Madison. A big plus for The Lazy Oaf is that you can substitute the fries with either a salad or soup.
5	This is a favorite with people at work. It's close, good prices, daily specials, trivia night, and some great brick oven pizza! Real crispy crust! Friendly staff, good selection of brews, a nice patio, and plenty of parking round out the reasons we keep going back!
4	We go to the Lazy Oaf for lunch and afternoon card game.  It's always great service, food and friendliness.  The really wonderful thing is that I went to a fundraising event for CASA (Court Appointed Special Advocates) for at-risk kids.  And there on the buffet was a HUGE platter of munchies donated by Lazy Oaf..Great place with a community conscience!
2	This place is OK.  Food is OK.  Service is OK.  Atmosphere is OK.
4	The food was great but the waitress was a joke..
2	I went on a Friday and ordered the baked cod.  It was covered in sort of a crunchy bread crumb thing, and to me it was like saying, "No.  You were wrong you really wanted battered and fried cod."  I never got my soup.  Didn't want it after the other food.  The food came relatively quickly.My wife ordered the Thai peanut chicken salad.  She said there was a sauce on the chicken that was good but she didn't have enough for the salad, so she asked for more Thai-peanut dressing.  Evidently they had forgotten the Thai-peanut dressing because it was disgusting.  Let me give you the recipe:  Sriracha sauce mixed with cheap creamy peanut butter and a little Italian dressing to thin it out.  I'll eat pretty much anything and even I left it.  $6.50 for a can of Strongbow seems a little high for Madison, but the food was reasonably priced.  The check was $22 something and the waitress didn't bring my change from $25, so I didn't tip any more.  The waitstaff also seemed really disorganized as if all the tables were whoever gets there first gets it rather than splitting them up.  I wanted to like it because I live nearby and they have a nice patio, but I don't think we'll be back.
4	Nice atmosphere and good drink specials.
5	We went on a Saturday night, around 730pm. Service was quick and friendly. The cheese curds with ranch are to die for. I got the bacon blue cheese burger, and my boyfriend got the burger with an egg and bacon on it ( can't remember the name) and we both got ranch fries. Healthy? Not at all. But it was amazing. Easily in the top 5 burgers we'd ever had. All that was only $23.50. Quick dinner, cool atmosphere, ceap price.  They had an impressive bar an beer selection, but we were driving back to St Louis after we left so we didn't partake in anything.  I definitely recommend this place and will go back if I'm ever in the area again.
1	The food was average at best... the server was far from friendly and solidifying my decision to never visit the place again.
4	Sat on the porch on Tuesday night for trivia night and was packed-it was a good time!  Nice patio, decent prices on food and drinks, and the inside was nicer than I expected and was spacious.  I would come back here again for a meal and for trivia-the announcer guy was witty and hilarious....questions were a bit more challenging than I would have thought but we came in second so that's not too bad:)  You can tell they've had renovations recently but they forgot to work on the bathroom....hopefully that will come next.
4	Stopped in for lunch, and was pleasantly suprised.  The service was perfect!  The Salmon BLT was simply amazing and the Ranch fries dipped in Ranch was the topping on the cake!!Highly recommended, and will go back again for sure.
2	Lazy gyro. Not carved off a rotating hunk o meat on spit. This one is thin sliced lunch meat. I don't know how they cook it but mine was burnt
2	Skip it.  I tried the Lazy Oaf because it is an establishment near my home that many of my friends have encouraged me to try.  In my desire to find the best beef in town, I ordered the Italian Beef sandwich.  The meat was so fatty it was impossible to bite.  The description of the sandwich explained that it came with mozzarella cheese.  I had to open my sandwich and actively search for the tiny pieces of cheese.  The bread was a warm ciabatta roll.  That was the saving grace for the entire meal.  The portion was small for $8.50.  I ate my sandwich because I was really hungry but it was too salty and sub-par.  The meat was luke warm.  I am not going to lie when I say it was probably the worst thing I gave ever eaten at a restaurant.  Dramatic?  No.  I actually thought to myself, McDonald's could do it better.I ordered it with a side salad which was actually delicious.  It was a spinach and spring mix.  So two stars?  Why not one.  The martinis.  It was Monday and Happy Hour lasted all night.  So for $5 you can get a generously poured martini.  I tried both the chocolate and apple martini.  Honestly, delicious. Great deal.  They have a patio that sits on a slow part of Stoughton road.  So go for the cocktails, but skip the food.I should add that Annie, our server, was wonderful.  She was attentive and yet not hovering.
3	We went last night to listen to Northern Hooks ,the band was great. This was out first time. We liked the bar. It was fairly busy not much for indoor seating. There is a pool table ,a dart board.  The staff was good. We only got two beers lots to choose from. They did ask after a bit if we wanted food. So we got some cheese curds. The price was a little scary $7.00 for cheese curds. They were hot when they came out served with ranch. They were light and crisp but the cheese inside was not great.There was a lot of cheese curds so that did make up for the price. Everyone was ordering pizza that looked and smelled great. They are thick crust. They seem to offer thin crust if you ask. We will be back to try the pizza. They have drink specials it seems every day.
1	From the moment we walked in,  we had slow, rude service!  When I complained about the pizza, being 45 minutes late,  the bartender snapped at me, then, told me to talk to man in charge. ...he ended up tossing the pizza on to the table next to my  friend,  who ordered it , rudely.  The owner came over and asked us what was wrong , by demanding how much pizza we ate....! (There Was 1 Piece gone) Wrong Pizza,  By The way! Another lady, (manager) was trying to buy us off with a free shot.... we told her that's not what we want...it's the service, we were disappointed with. ..they, then pushed me out and had a bartender escorted me out and ended up pushing me to the ground!!! No joke!
4	Fantastic wraps and pizza that we all shared! Awesome beer selection!Great service, I would defiantly come back soon.
