4	This is a great place for lunch.  Everytime we go we always see firefighters and police which means that it is good and cheap!  I found the food very fresh and the hummas was great.  Almost eveyrthing is homemade.  I did try the chicken sandwhich and found the chicken kinda dry, but the freshaness of everythign else makes up for it.  Definatly reccomend this place if you are around downtown for lunch... but with the consturtion now it is kinda pain to get to, but worth it!
4	#2 in an ongoing series of restaurants I frequent without actually setting foot in them.*Athenian Express is a staple for sustenance where I work. They are just down the street, they're good and they're fast at delivering. I've sampled many of their menu items in the past, but once I discovered their fresh chicken salad served on a freshly made pita, I was hooked. I don't even need the menu anymore. Before I became a chicken salad fanatic, I had tried their gyros and hamburgers. Fan of Feta? This is your place. I ordered the Feta Burger once... once. The patty was obviously from a frozen pack of processed burgers that one could easily buy at Costco, but that's not a major gripe. I just like fresh beef if I am ordering a burger from a restaurant. The spanakopita is great, but it's rich. The tiropita is tasty as well, but without the addition of spinach it's a bit too rich. For a "Greek" restaurant, there is a varied selection of food. Reubens and patty melts, french fries and fresh fruit. Of course, a staple of any great Greek place; baklava. My colleagues and I ordered so much food from Athenian Express over the last year that they recently gave us an entire tray of baklava as a thank you and an invite to their employee Christmas party. I'd say that's a testament to how much we like Athenian Express.*I totally just said "#2".
5	Cheap and fast -express !! - delicious hummus and taromasalata , the burgers weren't bad ,  a convenient location for where I was working - myself and colleagues had around fifteen meals here in the space of a week , - nothing wrong with any of them.
4	Convenient and tasty. I work right next door to this place, and it's like my office's cafeteria. The best thing about this restaurant are the wonderful people who run it. They're always very friendly and helpful. They feature a surprisingly diverse menu that ranges from the obvious (gyros and pitas) to the not-so-"Athenian" (egg salad sandwhiches and ruebens). One thing I really like about this restaurant is how generous they are with their high-quality indgredients. You can really tell they don't cut many corners.It should also be mentioned that they have the best Greek salad in town. It's delicious! (just get it without the onions, thy're way too strong)
5	Wow this is the best food ever! WoW! i &#9829; ATHENIAN EXPRESS! the chicken feta salad has to be my all time favorite. Yum!LOVE  U! HI YDDAD!
5	This is one of my all-time favorite places to grab a quick (and casual) bite downtown. The service is consistently excellent, and the owners are extremely friendly. They are flexible with their menu, too - they do their best to get you exactly what you want. I recommend the stuffed avocado salad. It's a special, and boy is it amazing. The fruit here is also superb - always so fresh! My friends and I swear they have someone designated to just cut fruit all day, it's so fresh. The hummus is the best hummus in town. Get it with extra veggies!The only downfall Athenian has is it's hours. Monday thru Friday til 5, closed on the weekends. No fun for those of us who live in the area. But other than the short hours, this is one of my favorite places in the area - I would recommend it to anyone.
4	Athenian Express is just that.No, not "Athenian". . ."Express"!Another in the long list of counter-service restaurants in Phoenix, this could quite possibly be the fastest ever.  After the wife and I had placed our order, we filled our fountain sodas, gawked at the impressive selection of hot sauces, selected a table to sit at, and before my butt even hit the seat the food was on its way to the table.  Impressive!  Finally a place to grab a quick, hassle-free lunch.  And, well, since they aren't open past 5:00PM or on weekends at all anyway, I guess this place has figured out its niche - the downtown lunch crowd.They offer a huge variety of subs, pitas, and salads, most of which are your normal deli standards.  Most of the actual Greek offerings aren't even listed on the regular menu but as "sides" - falafel, spanakopita, dolmades, hummus.We ordered a gyro and a falafel platter. Be forewarned, the "garnish" that comes with the falafel pita is essentially a side salad, I made the mistake of getting the side salad instead of one of the other sides and had two big mounds of veggies.  Not a big deal, just something to know for next time.  The food itself wasn't spectacular by any means.  In fact, dare I say the gyro meat looked pre-pacakged and was DEFINITELY not freshly shaved off a big rack of lamb, the pieces were waaaay too uniform in size and shape.But hey, 2 super-quick large meals and huge sodas for $15 works for me!
4	oh alas my Athenian Express our relationship was cut short by your niche ours of operations. as you see my dear. i only live downtown. so our short lived affair can only be just that. short. your Gyro Picado was tasty and you carried the heat that i enjoy in my relationships. the 4lbs of french fries were lovely, crisp, but waaaay too many. i truly appreciate your abundant portions, but i do not feel a need to gorge myself on your bounty.ok lame love poems aside. this place is a great little greekish noshery. the patty melt my friend got looked awesome, we can more or less confirm the pre-formed patty observed by another yelper. but it was still grilled to perfection, sporting American cheese as by friend likes it was also a gold star.she works in spitting distance to this place. unfortunately i work in Tempe. i was off on PTO today so figured would get lunch together. oddly enough another good friend was having lunch there too...great minds think alike they say..i concur.atmosphere is typical sit down with some Chicago sport memorabilia on the side. GO CUBBIES!!!i would certainly be here more...if not for the hours of operation.  this downtown area needs to pick up on the weekends so places like this will have a reason to be open on the weekenders. alas..i don't' think that will happen anytime soon. till then Athenian. i love your lunch.
5	One of my favorite lunch spots.  Again, a family owned restaurant that I absolutely love!This is the best Greek in town!  It is authentic, inexpensive and tasty.  It makes that Big Fat place look like Olive Garden. My favorites are the gyro feta pita, the hummus, chicken picado pita (add feta), the french fries are probably the best ever, the dolmades are little bites of sunshine.  The portions are huge and they are always generous with the feta (and the onions - who eats that many onions anyway?!).  The onions are easy to pick off though...They have the best fruit salad bowl I've ever had!The owners and the staff are the best!  I just wish that I could convince them to open for dinner and for the weekends.  Plus, I always feel safe with all of the cops who eat there!
4	I've eaten here about once a month for the past 2 years, since my office is close by. The service is fast and friendly, and in two years, they've only screwed up my order once, which is pretty decent. It's a nice little family-owned establishment that caters to the downtown lunch crowd.The food can be described as Americanized Greek, with a nice selection of salads and sandwiches. My recommendations: The hummus, the steak and mushroom sub w/fries or the chicken salad-stuffed avocados.  The food is fresh, fast and you can get lunch and a drink for under $10. Also decent: The Stacy Salad and the Chicken Souvlaki. When you order, be aware that they pile on the onions and the feta cheese unless you tell them otherwise.Athenian Express is located right along the light rail and within walking distance of ASU's Walter Cronkite School of Journalism. The building is plain, but clean, decorated with Chicago Cubs banners and usually CNN is playing on one of the three TVs. Parking is limited and is available behind the restaurant. They do have outdoor seating and a clean restroom. Athenian Express also has a loyalty card program, but you have to ask for a card...Every 10th lunch is free!Overall, a positive experience for those who enjoy the simple things in life.
5	I just learned that they are now open on Saturday's. YEAH! My Mom and I stopped there for lunch today (Saturday), and it was empty. As we ate, a few more people stopped in. I don't think everyone knows they are open on Saturday's yet, but hopefully the business will pick up. I discovered this place thanks to some friends at work. Since my first visit, I've never been disappointed. I always order the Chicken Picado Pita and it is always so delicious! Just the right chicken to pepper and onion ratio. The pitas are fresh, the tzatziki sauce superb and their french fries are magnificent -- crispy outside and melt-in-your-mouth buttery inside. Although I've yet to venture outside my own menu choices, they have plenty of items to choose from and I'm sure just as delicious.The staff is friendly and accommodating. The parking is limited if you get there on a busy day, but otherwise it isn't too hard to find a spot. Like others have mentioned, it is right on the light-rail route so the location is great too.  They even have a small patio out front where you can enjoy your food and the Phoenix weather (when permitting). If you are out and about in the downtown area during the week or Saturday, definitely give Athenian Express a try. It is one of those affordable, quality food gems that you shouldn't miss out on.
3	While waiting for my car to be repaired at The Auto Shop (we had an hour to spare), I thought I'd treat Mom and myself to a proper breakfast at Matt's Big Breakfast (I've only had lunch there once), but after seeing the long line of people waiting to get in, I decided we'd try lunch at AE, instead- it came with glowing recommendations from TAS's manager (this resto is just across the road from the shop, which is very convenient for the employees here).  Bare accommodations- cafeteria-style tables and chairs, TVs, window counter seating.  Help-yourself complimentary coffee and tea counter, with shakers of Splenda available to those inclined to use them- nice touches!  Their breakfast menu sounded very tempting, but the man behind the counter told me that the delivery guy with the eggs wouldn't be in for another 10 minutes or so (Feta omelette, anyone?).  I decided we'd try the Friday fish special of grilled tilapia over salad and a gyro pita with a side salad, extra feta.  I did not enjoy eating the tilapia as it would magically crumble into tiny pieces the moment I cut it with a fork or a knife.  Very annoying!  Besides this, the whole dish tasted very bland since I opted to forgo the housemade vinaigrette (contained allergens); Thankfully, the extra feta (LOVE feta!) salvaged the dish and I was able to down the fish even without the use of a spoon, of which I was constantly wishing would be on hand.  The gyro pita was a much tastier experience, although Mom did not like the meat.  Truth be told, this could not compare with the meat in the gyro dinner I just had a few nights before at MBFGR, but for the price (around $6), it made for a quick and satisfying lunch (and the extra feta in the pita didn't hurt, either)!  While the gyro is not made in-house, AE does have it shipped in three times a week from Chicago, so I was told by the man behind the counter.Baklava looked awesome, but I couldn't try it since it contained an allergen, but no worries since any item offered here would be fulfiiling enough!
3	I'll give you 3 Athenian, especially since I found you while heading up Central today hungry and totally confused.I'm impressed with the cheap prices, the "Chicago retired cop" ownership and the attention to cleanliness with the establishment.The lamb was cooked absolutely perfectly and the produce was impressively fresh however the Tzakiki  (spell check anyone?) sauce was rather absent and the amount of feta cheese dumped on top was rather absurd, making a very rich gyro experience altogether. I'd go back, but being that it's so far from home I wouldn't make an un needed trip to dine here.
4	Delightfully impressed.  Great food for great prices.  My lunch favs are: -Chicken Picado Pita-Fresh fruit (not your ordinary fruit salad you get anywhere - you'll find slices of kiwi, mango, oranges, melon, grapes, strawberries)-To-die-for HummusI take one star away for accessibility.  With the new light rail and the one way streets, it's difficult to get to.  You have to drive in the back alley to park.
5	Stumbled across this place while working a photo shoot in the area and we ordered in.  Since then we haven't stopped eating at Athenian Express.   A good five miles out of the way.    What attracted us?  Great food, great prices and the owners wife was undeniable friendly.  Seriously one of the genuinely nicest people I have ever met.   I started out with the Turkey Pita.  Delicious. Yet she urged me to be more creative.   Love it all now including the staff.   There isn't a day where it isn't hussle and bussle in the place,  yet the service is fast and always accurate.  Seriously, I eat it almost every day.
4	Um, yum!  This place is a great spot for lunch if you work in the downtown, mid-town, uptown Phoenix area.I chose a hamburger and fries, even though I love gyros, but it was one of those days where a burger and fry were just needed for me to continue with my day.  The environment is a large open area of basic tables and chairs, it looks like it gets really busy around lunch time so maybe not the best kept up dining room but people move through pretty quickly. The menu is MASSIVE-- we are talking, they have pretty much anything to satisfy your hunger.  They even had a variety of low carb options which is a big menu choice these days.  ( i really need to get back to low carb)Staff is really nice.  We'll be back without a doubt.
1	So Dallas G and I were thinking of a lunch spot.  I suggested Cibo, Matt's, or Valley Pizza, and he thought of Focaccia Fiorentina.  I thought FF sucked the first time I went there but was willing to give it another try. But when we got there ol' Dally had a "better" idea and suggested Athenian Express.As we pulled in, some unacceptably angry looking woman glared at him for a reason that will presumably remain unknown to us.  (Please enjoy my multimedia Yelp.)http://twitter.com/spirit_fingers/status/5209414090In retrospect, I think she was our guardian angel trying to scare us off.  Inside, the place looks quaintly divey.  I asked if anything was so much better than the gyro that I should get it instead, and was told that the gyro is the way to go.  Feta or no feta?  I wondered if it was an avalanche of feta or just a sprinkling.  He puts a lot on there.  Fine, no feta.  I get the potato salad with it, and an order of spanakopita--which I ordinarily love.We sit outside.  The spanakopita arrives.  It has little cheese and is not flaky.  Tastes kinda like shit.  Served with crappy tzatziki, which I don't think is the appropriate side for spanakopita but whatevs.http://twitter.com/spirit_fingers/status/5209643122Next, my gyro arrives.  The gyro meat is covered in three slabs of tomato and a mountain of onions.http://twitter.com/spirit_fingers/status/5209752658As you can see, at this point I'm fearing the worst.  Look, I like onions and all, but when you leave fresh onions out in the air for too long they become veeeerrrry rowdy.  Like so rowdy that eating one would be enough to burn your mouth and render you a pariah.  So all that's left of my gyro is three slices of "gyro meat" and tomatoes.  And the little side cup of tzatziki that is only filled a third of the way.  The gyro meat tastes like... nothing.  I am underwhelmed.I move on to my side of potato salad.http://twitter.com/spirit_fingers/status/5209805283Normally mustard potato salad has a pastelish yellow hue, but this one looked like it could be seen from space.  Whatever it was, it was odorless and flavorless, so I can only assume it's some undetectable poison like polonium-123.  If I die, I leave my rapier-like wit and boundless charisma to my son, Samir.  You all can fight over the rest.Anyway, the restaurant pretty much blew.http://twitter.com/spirit_fingers/status/5209947387I'm not an arsonist, it was a joke, relax.  But not as big of a joke as Athenian Express, which must have suffered a precipitous decline in quality if even Dallas G (and his notoriously low standards) ever liked it.
2	Every day that Richard Z is in my hood, I play emotional Russian roulette with our lunch spot. Is he gonna hate it? Is he going to order the wrong item and blame me for the rest of the day? Should we go with the tried and true. Should we try a new locally owned small business gem and raise Phoenix out of the fiery ashes of its universal assessment as the smallest of the big cities? The guy's a real Nazi about his sustenance. So today, as we're walking to Focaccia Fiorintina, where we just should have gone to begin with, I'm like, "OH! Do you like gyros? Your last name is Greek. Let's go to Athenian Express!" Well, that was stupid. I really really really hate ripping on mom and pop shops. I hate giving two star reviews to family owned restaurants. But damn... You made me look like a REAL arsehole, Athenian Express. Poor Richard Z has been lamenting about how empty he feels all afternoon. And being the people pleaser that I am, well, I'm just devastated. The lady that took our order, no doubt a solid and very decent human being, was unwilling to play along with any banter whatsoever. For two extroverted numbskulls like us, it just takes a little bit away from the charm.And the spanikopita arrives... I find it too spinachy. He finds it too bready. Just goes to show you can't please everyone, or in this case anyone. My sandwich was literally inedible. Not because of the taste. I picked it up and the whole thing fell right apart. My tray looked like a murder scene. Ketchup, who for so long suffered as the understudy in this WAY off Broadway spectacle, played the part of my disappointment. When I asked @spirit_fingers about his meat, he said, and I quote, "It's not offensive." I remember liking this place in my past life. Today, it was not good.
4	You can tell when you're about to have a good meal when the place is jamming right around lunch time. I haven't gotten any thing other than their pita sandwhiches, but judging by how delicious they are I don't doubt that everything else is as good. I love that they have a great selection of hot sauce. You walk out fully satisfied and mentally ready to comeback soon. I don't give it 5 stars because it's not flawless. i.e. their iced tea tastes like water... So go with the soda Instead and you're good. Oh and the lady that runs the place is just lovely.
4	I've been going to "The Greek" for nearly 5 years now. If you work downtown, you won't find a better lunch experience - tasty food and friendly atmosphere. Stacy & George treat you like family (extra points if you're a Cubs/Bears/Bulls/Blackhawks fan - in that order)
2	100% completely underwhelming. I didn't want to rate it 2 (Meh. I've experienced better) but I even more so didn't want to rate it 3 (A-OK.) I don't consider this place to be A-OK, more like completely average.The atmosphere is much larger than I thought it would be and is all counter order. They get packed for lunch and have lots of Chicago shit on the walls. It's a good enough place.My Gyro Feta came with stale pita bread, too many giant slices of red onions that overwhelmed everything, and pretty much just seemed like something I'd find in my cafeteria at work. The quality was crap and it was $6.45. I could go to Cyprus Pita Grill and get a really good gyros for the same money.
4	So I ventured here while I was downtown for jury duty. To celebrate a mistrial, I decided to treat myself to a gyro.  Athenian Express is not in the middle of the "hustle and bustle" of downtown (although "hustle and bustle" doesn't really apply to anywhere in metro Phoenix), so it was kind of a schlep getting to. But oh was it worth it.The menu is all over the place, with handwritten modifications actually printed on the big board above the register, but it's your standard Greek lunch fare-- i.e. gyros, sandwiches, salads. I got the feta gyro. It came with traditional shaved gyro meat, tomato, red onion and feta on a warm pita bread. And holy feta was it good! Be prepared for the feta because there was an s-ton of it, along with perhaps too many red onions but they're easy to pick off. Along with the homemade tzatziki sauce that I got to put on myself (a plus), it was a great lunch. I didn't want to give it too many stars because 1. my side of potato salad was room temperature and scary and 2. to be fair, I have to try more than one menu item. Next time, i'll go for the falafel. And, mark my words, there will be a next time!
4	Summer time is supposed to be "healthy time", so I am trying to watch what I eat. Now, I will always be a big guy (not "two fat twins on their matching motorcycles" big, but you know, not little) but I definitely am eating more appropriately. However, I work in an office, and around 11:30, people start to double-think their lunch choices. Yes, the night before, a breakfast bowl from Jimmy Dean sounds like an excellent lunch selection, but all that pushing of buttons and watching your meal spin in the microwave? Forget it; one "What are you doing for lunch" from a buddy and I was out of there.Athenian was a prime lunch spot for me for awhile, and just fell out of favor. No time like the present to return, plus SB had never been there before today. We took the 2 minute drive to Central and rolled in to a 1/3 filled Athenian Express. Happy to have missed the rush, I immediately ordered my favorite dish, the gyro feta (no tomatoes/onions, add lettuce) with fries, and SB got a chicken sub and potato salad.First issue, no fountain soda? If I can't destroy myself with aspartame in my free refills, it's not a great lunch. Plus, I don't like drinking out of cans unless its a more adult beverage. Fix yo machine, Athenian!Outside of the $1.50 soda, the meal was as good as always. It was a bit lighter on the feta than usual (and LOVE me some feta goodness), but still had quite a pile. The meat was thick and cooked through, definitely filled up the pita to an overflowing Greek party. The french fries weren't overcooked, which is good because burned fries suck fully. Add in a side of tzatziki sauce to poor over everything, and times were well spent. It's a ton of food for what you pay, and one of the best deals downtown.My coworker didn't fair quite as well, but it was more his preferences than issues with the meal. His chicken sub came with a huge breast, which I would think is a good thing, but for him caused the sandwich to be overstuffed (like I said, weird preferences). He demolished the entire thing, so it must have not been too bad, along with the potato salad, which he was a fan of as well.All in all, very good lunch experience. I usually get take-out, but the Greek team had their World Cup game, so it seemed appropriate to hang out and watch the "exciting" 0-0 match-up. If we can get some fountain sodas up in there, Athenian will likely jump back on my radar (and I may even get a salad.....maybe).
4	This busy midsized Greek restaurant is a little odd inside, almost "warehousey", but wait 'til you taste the food!  My wonderful gyro was bigger than a Kronos, & it comes with a choice of side, which in my case was a good-sized Greek salad, & everything was SO GOOD!  Also, it was only $5.45 for everything, & there's even free parking out back!This place is a great downtown lunch spot.   :-))
3	Great for hangovers during the world cup.  Quite tasty but nowhere near the best.
2	Oh, Athenian Express. You were so promising, alluring, and tempting when I walked in the door and yet, so disappointing.The bad:- Awful gyro meat. This tastes like the gyro meat at Crave sandwiches, which we all know isn't real gyro meat. - THREE slices of gyro meat. THREE. I took a picture to prove that it literally only came with three slices. Whichever reviewer said that their sandwiches were bigger than a Kronos lied and lied mercilessly. Seriously, who gives three slices of meat?- The sauce was mediocre. It's homemade, but that doesn't mean it has to be mediocre. - Fries aren't anything special. They taste like fries that come in a bag, no special seasoning or anything. - Cubs fans. Enough said. The good:- I ordered fries, which I got, but they also gave me fruit. I don't know why, but this saved the review from being one star because the fruit salad had mango AND orange in addition to melons and strawberries.- Fast service. Damn fast. Maybe too fast since they gave me so little meat.Overall:I was so excited to go here because I only get gyros on a special occasion. Well hot damn, I won't go back. I'm going to stick to George's Famous Gyros on McKellips in Tempe where not only are they not Cubs fans but they use real gyro meat.
4	Glad to have found a dope local spot for a Gyro. I finally checked this spot out for lunch and am happy as a clam. Caled in my order and was ready in about 10 minute. I got the gyro pita with feta, onions and tomato. It comes with a side, so I went with fries. Next time, I think I'll try the salad or potato salad. The Gyro was perfect. Great grilled pita, super good Tzatziki (sp?) and just the right amount of flavorful gyro meat/veggies. The fries were bland and soggy, but that didn't bother me that much. I saw a ton of other stuff on the menu that I can't wait to try. Can't wait to go back.***Parking*** I found it super easy to park on the East side of Central on Garfield and pop a quarter in the meter to just walk across, that's probably the easiest way to handle it
5	I LOVE Athenian Express!  My mom works downtown, and whenever I have a chance I go to meet her for lunch, it is definately my #1 pick!  She gets the steak or chicken picado and I always get the veggi pita.  I crave this place.  I wish there were more locations!
4	Been working downtown for 5 years and went to this place for the first time today.  My wife had the gyro feta salad and I the gyroa feta pita sub.  Both were good, really nice gyro meat.  The only thing I didn't like about my gyro was that the tomatoes and onions weren't cut up enough, and kept falling out of the pita, but otherwise the taste was right on for a gyro.Its a good lunch joint, but kind of hard to get to because its right next to the light rail.  The price is good too.  Will definitely go back as it looks like they have a good selection of greek and Chicago style items.
2	My husband and I ate here after I purchased a Groupon. We both really enjoy Greek food, so we were excited to try this place out for lunch.  While the food was not bad, I definitely will not return.I ordered the falafel pita.  I thought the falafel was very dry, and there really wasn't enough tahini to help out the situation.  The portions were huge, so if you like that sort of thing, then this place is for you.  However, I am not a big eater, and leftovers tend to go bad in my fridge, so I was not particularly impressed with the portions.  My husband ordered the chicken parmesan sandwich.  Basically they took a chicken breast and threw marinara sauce and a little cheese on it and served it up.  The chicken did not have too much flavor, did not seem like it had been marinated or cooked in any interesting way.  Really, it was just a ton of mediocre food for not too much money.This place wasn't bad, but it also wasn't good.  Come here if you like enormous portions of alright food for not too much money.
3	The food here is not very consistent...and I love greek food and lived in Greece for one summer , so Iove greek food! I ordered the Feta Gyro with fries--really good the first time, so-so the next lunch trip.  The tzaki was a highlight.   My friend got the vegetarian pita and fresh fruit--she loved it and the fruit was fresh and the serving really good for a side.  We got there a bit before noon and had no problem ordering, but it got pretty busy around the lunch hour!  FYI parking can be a bit confusing, but it's in back!
4	I actually stumbled upon this place when I was on my diet and I have been a fan since.  I love that it is a local place and it is family owned.  Not to mention they are Chicago Cubs fans!!!  The food is great and the portions are just enough.  I love the chicken picado salad and love that it comes with warm pita bread as well.  It is always busy around lunch time but clears out around 1 or so on the weekdays.  I have been here on weekends and the place is pretty quiet.  The only complaint is that it can be pretty slow sometimes but the food makes up for it!
4	I love this place. I'm so glad I finally stopped in. Huge seating area. Great prices. Huge portions. I got a gyro with feta and it was darn good. Was it the best gyro in town? No. But it was very respectable. The pita bread had a nice chewy crustiness to it. The meat was seasoned and moist, and the toppings of tomato, onions, yogurt sauce (tetziki sp) and feta were very generous.  I love a good messy sandwich and this fit the bill.  It came was large side of fries. A nice meal for 7 bucks.  The rest of the food all looked tasty and well-portioned. I'm going back for burger, then a salad, then a chicken sandwich and then a sub.
3	Solid three stars.. i was not able to try the hummus on this trip since that would have been the determining factor if this place would get a fourth star or not.Three stars for the food we did have, price, and portions were good as well. My friend had the feta gyro and thoroughly enjoyed it. i had a turkey/cheese pita it was good could only eat half..it was a lot of food. You get a choice of fries, salad, fresh fruit and a potato salad i believe. we both had the fresh fruit and it was very good. Nice assortment as well. Just not one measly grape and a crapload of cantaloupe..had strawberries, mango..the whole shebang.The spanakopita was just alright :/glad there is Greek food spot close to my job since it is not that common in this area, def not bad and i  will be back to try it again.. there's some potential.
3	You must look for the signs to park in the park and they will direct you, might I mention that right across the street is Short Leash Dogs? so take your pick. The inside is surprisingly big, dim, and cool. If you enter in the back to your right you will find the enormous condiment counter with every hot sauce, sauce you can think of. The menu is really big and we took about several minutes to look everything over.In addition to that, there are signs to modify everything if that doesn't make the menu that more exciting. Platter of big chocolate chip cookies, brownies and lemonade were calling my name but if it were not for my diet, I would have given in. I had the usual falafel plate with french fries and my other diner had the steak sandwich. The fries were thick but tasted a little old, and some were brown like they were old. The falafel was crisp, they are fried into little discs rather than balls and the pita bread, while soft, appeared not home made. I felt like I was still hungry after this meal. My companion's sandwich he proclaimed was good but was a bit too small, and the potato salad it came with seemed to be made with lots and lots of mustard and very little mayonnaise. The service was friendly and I will probably return to try something else as I saw they have breakfast specials but it has not become my most beloved of places.
3	The food is very tasty, just not always very fresh tasting in non-peak hours, i.e. 3 pm.  However they have a very interesting take on Greek food and they aren't too pricey.  Definitely worth trying and worth the occasional lunch trip.  Also parking can be tricky to find, but its in back.
4	Feta gyro, how i love thee! Athenian Express has an entire wall dedicated to menu options, and I just can't get myself to try anything different. The prices reasonable, the food fresh and tasty, it's a great lunch spot downtown. I visit, and will continue to do so at every opportunity. If i were to change anything, it would be to open for dinner and fix your soda fountain. But I am one happy customer! Lightrail accessible and parking in rear.
4	First time at Athenian for lunch today.  Really liked it - mom and pop atmosphere.....great menu.....good service.  Got the steak/mushroom pita - it was REALLY good.I'll be back and I'm looking forward to trying many more menu items.
4	I love Greek food and found George's Athenian Express through a non-New York friend (from Chicago).I immediately found the place to go for Greek food at excellent prices and good portions!Never get enough of the Gyro!
3	This place it hit or miss for me. I have always ordered the feta gyro and either fries or a small Greek salad. Why is the soda machine always broken? Makes me wonder what else is broken and not fixed in the kitchen. I ate here for the 5th or 6th time on Thursday. The gyro is excellent, but the fries were overcooked and the oil didn't seem very fresh, as the fries had a brownish, oil soaked feel. I will return for the gyro, but I may skip the fries and stick to the salad.
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food10 Service7 Atmosphere9 ValueI like this place quite a bit.  I just wish they'd create less trash via all the paper and disposables, and I think the place would actually feel a little more right if it was smaller.  But the service is amazing, the food is yummy, and the prices are more than competitive.  I haven't quite figured out why they aren't open late-night on weekends for the post-club folks down the road.Tip: Get their fries a little on the crispier side, and then dip them in the hummus.  Maybe I'm weird.
5	My favorite lunch spot. Fresh food, amazing fruit, great fries and friendly service!
4	Athenian Express has a HUGE selection of things to chose from. They have salads, burgers, gyros, pasta, subs, and pitas! There are also LOTS of vegetarian items.Their hummus is out of this world. They make it fresh every morning and it comes with a generous helping of their pita that they get flown in from chicago because it's some of the best pita in the country.I've had lots of different things on their menu and I liked each and every thing I've tried. Sometimes their fries are a little over cooked and under salted but whatever, I don't go there for the fries.The gyros are great, so are their pitas. My favorite pita is the chicken picado. The chicken is always very juicy and fresh and the grilled vegetables are well cooked and pair well with the chicken.I know they're also doing breakfast now, which I have had once. I don't remember what I got because it was some years ago, but I remember leaving satisfied and full.I think for the price and quality, you just can't beat Athenian express. For a year, I worked right next door to them. I would stop in almost every day and get lunch and talk with the owner and his wife. They are very friendly and funny, as is their staff. I always felt welcomed. Even with phones ringing off the hook and lines out the door, they always have a smile on their faces.I stop in maybe once every 3 months or so and the only thing that's changed since I worked next to them is that they've renovated and made the place bigger. Some people might not like that, but they generate way too much business and they really needed the extra seating area.I love Athenian Express, and their employees. It's a hidden gem that I'm glad I found.
5	Food is fresh and delicious. Atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming. I loved it.
3	The greek's just don't make a good falafel, I should know this by now, alas I had to try it.Athenian express is a cute down town fast Greek eatery, you order at the counter and they bring it out. They have a array of food items salads pitas pastas sandwiches etc.I went for the falafel as usual. It was cheap enough ~$5 it came with a choice of side }(Salad, fries or potato salad). It comes as a round Peta cut in half with a few flat dry falafel patties and a plastic cup of tiziki. The side salad is nice but small if you are hungry go for the fries. Over all I was not impressed but I will try some other item here.Big plus for me was the huge hot sauce selection.
3	I'm a huge fan of Greek food.  I've been to Athens, and I loved it there.  And believe it or not, I like "express" aka fast casual restaurants where you order at the counter and they bring your food to the table.So, when I found myself downtown and hungry for lunch, heading over to Athenian Express was a no-brainer.  I can't say that I'll be rushing back, but it was fine... it delivered on what I was in the mood for on that day.Lunch pricing is super affordable and portions are large.  The Greek Salad was nothing special - I've definitely had better (but I've had worse too). **One key thing to note: I do not recommend adding chicken to your salad.  It's not the greatest quality chicken.  If you do go here, stick with the vegetarian options.
4	Really liked the Chicken Pita sub here
2	I wouldn't exactly call this the best gyro I've every had, nor would it be a close second - or third.The gyro was made with pre cooked pieces of (beef/lamb) gyro and not sliced off a cone. I'm not sure where this new trend is coming from, but I've had a few gyros from othe Med. places around the valley, and all were made with the same or similar pre packaged gyro pieces.In case any gyro / greek / mediterranean restaurateur cares, the pre packaged gyro meat is NOT GOOD. I'm just not sure what else there is to be said. If you can't do a decent gyro, I'm just not coming back. Sorry. :/
5	I LOVE Athenian Express. The vegetarian pita with hummus is SOOOO good!! There are tons of vegetarian options, actually, which is awesome. And I love the people there too :)
5	This place is awesome when you want good food and dont have much time. When I am in a pinch I will order the falafel to go. It is filling and yummy!  I have also had the gyro and side salad on previous visits. Highly recommended!!
2	yep. tons of feta on the feta gyro hides the fact the meat is missing. weak.try king gyros on 43rd/tbird. little out of the way, but way better and you wont leave hungry.
5	My baby turned me on to this place.  I love it so much. Such a good place to eat
3	Affordable and good.  Clean restaurant.  Will return.
5	The best lunch in Downtown Phoenix. I always get the gyro picado with feta cheese. But great salads the offer a healthy, low fat & carb options. If you are in the area I highly recommend.
4	Having gotten delivery from here a few times when I worked downtown I found that they had a diverse menu and prices where reasonable for the amount of food you got. The Gyro's where good but the Stuffed Avocado was EPIC. It is my go to item here.
3	Completely and totally A-OK.Several people in my office regularly get food delivered from here.I've had the gyro pita a few times, the Greek salad with gyro meat, fruit salad, tossed salad, fries and baklava.The food is always fresh, delivery is quick.It's not the best gyro by a long shot - but there's nothing in the world wrong with it.For lunch delivery, it's one of the best options at my office. I have never been super impressed - but I've never been disappointed, either.
4	One of my favorite paces to grab a quick lunch when I'm at work. The place is not the best looking one, but the food is definitely yum and fresh. The Greek salad and hummus are my favorite. Oh and the cashiers are very very nice!!
2	This place is quick and centrally located, but the food is pretty average. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but it's useful for when I'm in the area.
5	LOVE this place! I eat here on a monthly basis and always have great services and food. It's affordable and quick! Definitely worth checking this place out!
3	It's a good place for lunch in Phoenix. The food is inexpensive and the service is always friendly. They also deliever but the last time I ordered delivery, it was well over an hour by the time my food arrived. I either eat there now or order ahead and go pick up.  The vegetarian pita with hummus is really good. They sautee the vegetables and always put plenty of hummus on the pita. I always get a side of fruit with it because the fruit is always fresh and a good selection. Most places just do melons for fruit cups, but this place includes berries, kiwis, and grapes which make for a great dessert after lunch. It's a lot of food though, so come hungry or be prepared to leave some on the table.
2	Express my ass, I stopped in this place today for lunch (to-go might I add) and ended up waiting almost 40 mins for chicken souvlaki and fries...I told them my lunch was over by the time they handed me my to-go bag no apology, complimentary drink, discount NOTHING....only to add to it being mediocre greek food. Save your time & money and go elsewhere.
4	I like it!  The chicken pitas are tasty. I've only gone for lunch since I work downtown, but I always enjoy the food.  Try ordering the hummus too!  I just wish they stayed open late at night.
1	A co-worker recommended the place. The food is inexpensive, bland and the restaurant has the decor of a double-wide. Never again, especially with all of the other great options on the area.
2	Origin of GYRO: Modern Greek gyros turn, from Greek; from the rotation of the meat on a spit..... Not here, 3 pieces of pre-cut delivered frozed gyro meat with 6 thick slices of tomato on a super thick pita, the kind that would be well paired with a mountain of freshly shaved and grilled cone meat topped with a nice scoop of sauce.  Could not taste the meat over the bread and tomatoes, sauce was bland and boring.  They may have other, better items on the menu but when you call out for the ol' #1 at a Greek/Med. restaurant and it is a huge flop I will not be back to explore.  2 stars because the service was wonderful and I saw a salad that I wished I had ordered.....
4	Wow, it took a long time to make it back around to this place but I had lunch here today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  I went with a Gyro & a Greek Salad.  Both were delicious and it was only $6.25.  Also, the free parking out back is a big plus for this downtown location and the staff members were friendly & attentive.Excellent place!     :-))
5	This place is great! Use to eat at it maybe 4 times a week! I use to work at the record store next door and me and the guys would always order breakfast & lunch. George, the owner was a great friendly guy always took care of us next door. It's a great family operated business with great service and delicious food.
4	Service is the best. Everyone is super friendly. Love love love the Authentic Greek Salad..... The veggies are just so fresh and the feta is so creamy!!! One of the best lunch places downtown. I love the quirkiness of the restaurant. The only reason it is not five stars is the bread is usually hard around the edges.  But don't let that keep you away.....
4	When I want to go Greek I go to Athenian Express!!!!! This place is totes amazeballs. I love everything from the hummus to the falafel...they have patio seating so I prefer to go to the restaurant and sit outside. Very CA casual and peaceful. Def make a point to visit.
4	Locally owned, authentic, good prices, big servings. Gyro meat is moist and full of flavor! Veggies are always fresh. Feta is the best! Go to in the Roosevelt Row neighborhood.
