1	This is a new location from the same owners of the Luna Rossa at Lake Las Vegas.  I have never been to the original location but had a TERRIBLE experience today at the Downtown/Fremont Street location. I went with two other people and we ordered the meatball sandwich, filet mignon sandwich and lasagna.  Lasagna and meatball sandwich were both cold and flavorless.  Am assuming that this was previously frozen and microwaved before it was served to us.  Also, the water glasses and silverware were very dirty. We were very shocked when we received our bill... All items that were ordered were supposed to be part of the lunch menu and were supposed to include drinks.  We were charged $3.75 each for our sodas and by that point we all just wanted out of the restaurant. It was really expensive for a previously frozen, microwaved lunch.  The only good part was the Krispy Kreme donuts that we stopped for on our way back to work.
4	This is a newer establishment in downtown Las Vegas on Fremont Street. The whole downtown experience was quite new to me as I'm usually a stay-on-the-strip kind of guy. However, this area is quite interesting and a lot more popular than I thought. Needless to say, things are more affordable around here. As for this Italian restaurant, it's a pretty good size restaurant. I came here during lunch and had a pleasant experience. Don't expect a quiet romantic setting as this restaurant is on the busiest street downtown, but that goes without saying. It's more of an upbeat, festive environment. The food was a pleasant surprise, I had the Seafood Risotto and the NY Steak. For dessert I had the Tiramisu and the Creme Brulee. I really recommend the Tiramisu, it was delicious. Overall, I had a great experience and I would come back if I was in the downtown area.
4	It was St. Patrick's Day and it was cold and wet on Downtown Fremont Street. Hennessy's was bursting at the seams and it reeked of frat boys and stale green beer (already at 6 PM). There was nothing my group and I could do, except eat Italian on the most Irish day of the year!Okay, so that's a little dramatic. But for St. Patty's Day my friend, myself, and my fiance found ourselves at Luna Rossa, which is a cute, new Italian food joint on Fremont Street. It has a very open seating area, and a bar, which is where we sat. Behind the bar you can see the open stove/oven where they cook their pizzas.We ordered drinks and decided on splitting one of their large 12" pizzas. Because my fiance is not as "out there" with his food choices, we kept it simple with the prosciutto pizza and an order of bruschetta to start with. The bruschetta had a nice tomatoey flavor, and I felt as though it was decent enough. The bread had a slight crunch, but not so much that I felt as though my teeth were going to fall out trying to eat it (I've had bruschetta like that before.. yuck). The pizza was a nice, thin crust. It was baked just right, not a piece of it was soggy, the crust had a slight burn, but not charred. I think it could have had a *bit* more sauce, but that could be just my personal preference. The prosciutto had a nice salty flavor and my fiance loved it! He has now found a new favorite food. The only thing is, the prosciutto pretty much comes entirely off the pizza once you take a bite of it, so it's hard to get a little prosciutto with every bite.I would certainly recommend checking this place out if you need some food downtown. For the pizza, app, and 5 drinks our total came to $54. Honestly that aint bad for three people to have dinner and drinks!
1	We went last Saturday.Drinks: When we first got there I ordered a glass of wine, took over 15 minutes to receive it. My friend ordered a vodka tonic that had almost no vodka. Asked waiter to take it back and take off check. He instead brought back new vodka tonic. There may have been a language barrier - English didn't seem to be his first language. Food: It took 30 minutes to receive a soggy crust pizza.  Service: Our table was ignored - as many other tables, some people walked out. Finally had to ask another waiter for our check.Good points were the decor and layout of the restaurant but that does not outweigh the poor service and food.
5	We had a great meal and Sarah our server was the best...we ended up here because it was cold and rainy and we didn't want to eat in a smoke filled restaurant...in one of the casinos , the service was great as was the food, quick and well prepared...
1	Worst service ever!! All the other tables that got seated after us got their food and Diego the waiter treated us soo bad. After over an hour we finally left still hungry! The cook yelled at us as we left"Go to Taco Bell". Never again, save your money and time!
5	Great pizza and salads! Check it out for a new, clean place on Fremont.
3	Had a solid lunch here for a party of 6.  Clams and Mussels along with a pepp pizza.  This place seems a little out of place on Fremont.  A little pricy for my taste, but lunch was good.Service was outstanding, again a surprise for the location.  I'm just not sure this is the right spot for this restaurant.  Just seems out of place.
2	WAY OVERPRICED! When reading the Yelp review of price, etc, there were only 2 $$, but when we sat down for dinner with the menu in hand, the review did not match the average cost of the dishes, drinks, etc. The "fresh" bread was squished and dry (clearly not freshly baked). Our waiter was not very friendly and not very attentive of basic needs- water refills, Parmesan cheese after the dinner was served, checking on us for anything we need like a new beer, etc. There were 5 of us and there was an included gratuity!!! There was no toilet paper in the bathroom in any of the stalls, I informed the bartender. They don't validate for the parking structure across the street either. For the prices they charge, the venue, service and food did not reflect the high price. Won't return.
3	I stopped in here after a night of a unplanned pub crawl of downtown, it was Memorial Day, and we had a only planned on going to the DCR, but to our dismay it was closed that day, and so was Vanguard, boooooo. So we tried Lady Silvia, no one was in there and the bartender seemed bothered that we were there (wouldn't you be excited to see customers when the place is empty)? So we ended up back on Fremont at the Griffin.......one too many Honey Jacks later I was conversing with anyone and everyone, including Metro, and my friend decided it's time for me to eat. So we end up here and under her instructions I must eat 3 slices of pizza before I may drink anymore. Um ok, no problem. 3 tomato/basil slices down the hatch. All I remember about this place is #1 the pizza was pretty decent when you're hammered, #2 the bathrooms require a code to get (you get the code from the bartender) and #3 they have ranch dressing. This place is pretty good option when you find yourself on a random pub crawl, and compared with your other options for a quick fix in the area. This is isn't the worst option.
4	Seems like a very random location for this restaurant, but I'm not complaining! Bf & I wandered in while we were exploring Fremont street and shared a Casertana Pizza (buffalo mozerella and basil) and Crostini della Tradizione. It was more than enough food for lunch, and our bill was around $20.  The pizza was a bit soggy but still very good. Not too heavy on the sauce which, in my opinion, is perfect. The crostini was one of the best things I tasted my whole 6 days in Vegas. Simple but SO good - I'd go back just for that.  We did feel a little out of place as everyone else in the restaurant (4 or 5 other tables) were speaking Italian.  A group of 4 were seated RIGHT next to us, while most of the restaurant remained empty, and they proceeded to give us semi dirty looks throughout our stay. It was awkward. All the staff spoke Italian too, which was pretty cool.  Our waitress was fairly attentive and we didn't have to wait long for our food. You can eat outside, or inside if you want to pretend you're somewhere other than Fremont Street.
3	After seeing a show, my friends and I were looking for somewhere to eat that wasn't fast food.  This was about 11 at night, so our options were very limited.  We were NOT about to go to Heart Attack Grill, so Luna Rossa won out!When we first got there, they tried to seat us inside, but we were having none of it.  There was a guy playing the guitar and singing into a microphone, so it was LOUD and it was BAD.  So we decided to save our eardrums from the terrible music and sit outside :)They had a limited late-night menu, but there was still a good variety of dishes on it.  I had the broccoli alfredo, and that was really good.  It really hit the spot.  I liked my friend's bruchetta, too.  It was very fresh.So I docked one star for the annoying music (it's Vegas, surely you can find someone better!) and one star for the service.  Our waiter was friendly enough, but it took close to 45 minutes!  That is CRAZY!  And it's not like the place was all that busy at 11 pm...
3	lets start on the goods... The pizza here is by far the best Ive had in Vegas. great flavor and came out surprisingly pretty fast. we ordered just a basic peperoni pizza and i cant wait to eat here again.the bad.... service. sat at the bar last night. the bartenders were so rude and inexperienced. will defiantly return but sit at a table next time.
4	I went there with my friends on a Friday night, and it was GREAT!!! The food is SOOOO yummy! Their fettucini with pink vodca sauce is wonderful, the salad is awesome, the prosciutto crostini was UNBELIEVABLE, sooo good I can't describe! We are definitely going back there. Price is very good. Not ok -  they kept the doors opened so it was kinda hot inside but the food made up for it!!!
5	Went for the first time yesterday.  Wonderful food and service along with great people watching on Freemont.  Will be back soon!
3	Service (inside) was good, pizza (pepperoni) was quite tasty, Mushroom Risotto was average at best.  Would eat here again.
1	I will start off with what is good about Luna Rossa, since this is an update, I have been here on 3 occasions, all with different outcomes. The first time here I ate at the bar and it was a good experience. The second time, I ordered pizza from the take out window. While a bit pricey - still good. Lastly, I came here for dinner with friends on a Thursday night. Now, not my number one choice to dine on Fremont Street, but I relented to my friends who wanted to go.First of all this is what Luna Rossa is - an Italian restaurant serving mainly pizza (out of a window, no less), that is attempting (and failing) to be an "upscale" (HAR HAR) restaurant on Fremont Street. Their menu reflects this, especially the dinner menu. Not one item on their dinner menu is under $10. I'm no cheapskate, but the menu itself falls incredibly flat. Appetizers that they didn't have. Pizzas that with so many toppings the thin crust becomes soggy in the middle (yeck!), and overpriced entrees!  I am not paying over $10 for spaghetti and meatballs unless I am sitting in a nicer looking dining room in a place where people aren't zip lining outside, okay? AND people better be dressed nicer, because obvi this place doesn't have a dress code.The place itself looks like an eatery - not a fine dining establishment. There is PAPER on the tables for God's sake. My friends and I had the following -Salmon Dinner Entree - One friend didn't want pizza so she got the salmon, said it was pretty good. BUT because me and my other friend ordered pizza - she did not get any complimentary bread. Yes, Luna Rossa will refuse you bread service if someone in your party orders pizza. RI-DIC-U-LOUS. It says so right in their menu.Artichokes, Olives, Proscuitto, Peppers Pizza - I don't remember the real name, but I remember what was on it, because  with all of those toppings the thin crust became soggy very quickly. It was like eating moosh pizza in the middle especially.Here's the kicker - Luna Rossa charges you an 18% gratuity - NO MATTER WHAT. You had bad service? Too bad, you've already been charged. There's only three of you eating? Too bad, you've already been charged.What is this shady business? (OK - they have it printed in the menu, but that doesn't make it any less BS.) Even if our service had been outstanding, which it wasn't, it was just basically good service - I wouldn't have tipped MORE after the restaurant has the audacity to force a required tip on me. I think they're probably doing it because of their location. Perhaps they have a lot of tourists who don't bother tipping? I don't know, I don't care. But I do know one thing - I will not be back here, and I will certainly tell my other local friends who hang out downtown to steer clear of this place as well.
5	What a lovely little gem!
5	I highly recommend Luna Rossa if you like Italian food.  Friendly staff, cozy atmosphere, and best of all.....Delicious Food!
4	Great service and the food was great.  I got the pizza with chicken and broccoli.
3	The Good: Well as others have said, the pizza is pretty good and we had a fairly attentive wait staff.  All of our food was pretty good.The Bad: The Prices! This is priced like a very upscale restaurant, I definitely had a bit of sticker shock.  I found it offensive to have entrees this price that are being served on white paper sheets instead of white table cloth.Will I go back?  I probably will not return for the sit down experience again.  Really just too pricey for what we got... I may get some pizza again through the window though.
5	OK, I know everyone's supposed to be friendly at a bar and the staff makes great tips when they are. The female bartender at this place was witty, friendly and deserved the extra tip we gave her.She recommended the colder beer instead of what we ordered and proved to us that she wasn't trying to get rid of some less wanted beer!I'd be back here again if I didn't live so far but I will go there next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Another one of my go-to places when I'm in Vegas.  It's not the best Italian food in the world, nor did I expect that from a small, tourist-friendly walk-in establishment on Fremont Street.  But it puts out respectable food at decent prices with better-than-average service.  My wife and I found this place based on a recommendation from a Tix-4-Tonight worker at the 4Q.  For $2, we bought a voucher that gave us half off a second entree.  Why not, right?  We tried Luna Rossa, liked it, and have gone back a half-dozen times in the past year or so.  After a few hours on Fremont, I'm never really in the kind of shape to give a review worthy of submission to Food & Wine magazine.  What I can report is that having grown up on Italian food in northern N.J., I can safely recommend the risotto, carbonara, bolognese, and rigatoni al funghi.  One weird thing I ran into:I bought a large beer at the ABC store on Fremont.  I then walked down to Luna Rossa to have dinner.  They told me I had to finish it before I could come in.  Fine, whatever.  Then, I noticed that other people were bringing in their drinks (the football beers, the oversized fruity drinks, etc. sold on Fremont).  I asked the waitress why my low-rent beer was being discriminated against.  She told me that they allowed drinks purchased on Fremont into the restaurant (the touristy-type drinks) but not cans and bottles.  Personally, I prefer policies that make sense.   Again - don't forget to buy the voucher and save some $$.My wife and I are headed back to Fremont in a couple of weeks.  I'll see you at Luna Rossa!
3	Ducked into Luna Rossa on a whim to get out of the crazy wind that was sweeping through Downtown last night. A friendly hostess seated us immediately, and a waiter was at our table to take our drink orders in a moment. The restaurant ambiance was a welcomed escape from the usual Fremont Street chaos... until the live entertainment passed out tambourines to a table full of kids... and encouraged them to make as much noise as possible throughout her Beatles tributes. Then for a moment it was Karaoke hour as she passed the mic over to a customer who wanted to belt out "Sweet Caroline" (and suddenly we wanted the tambourines back). On to the food! Warm, soft bread was served promptly (though the olive oil and balsamic were a little behind). We ordered the meatballs in marinara sauce and the Luna Rossa pizza. Both were pretty good, but honestly nothing to write home about. The service is what redeemed my experience at Luna Rossa. Our waiter was very attentive, quick and polite and we were welcomed and thanked by the hostess. The ambiance would have won me over as a fan if the tambourines were torched and mic reserved for the paid professionals.
4	Stopped in for a quick bite before heading to an evening event. Sat at the bar with Jen very good bartender/server. Had a cappuccino and salad. I would definitely come back to this place for dinner and try them out the menu seemed nice.
5	I could not have adored this place more. It cheesy, I'll give you that... but kitsch is never out of place on Fremont Street! Service was friendly and attentive. I got the pesto gnocci and made a special request for them to add capers.... DELICIOUS. So good, I recommend it. IThe place really got going when a exhuberant older woman took to the keyboards... waiters passed around tamborines, and I had a blast joining in on the music.  I recall the prices being pretty reasonable, my plate was under $15... plus plenty of soft bread on the table and frequent drink refills.Thanks Luna for a really fun night!
4	Good food in a comfortable setting, staff was pleasant and attentive. Wines were pretty pricey but pizza and pasta were good! give it a try.
5	First of all- delicious!  The waitress was very helpful and recommended the chicken sandwich. Two of my friends had it and said it was delicious!  The personal pizzas where pretty big (although the cheese was a bit greasy). My husband had the pizza and I ordered the appetizer called the "CROSTINI DELLA TRADIZIONE- (Toasted crispy bread topped with melted mozzarella, Italian prosciutto butter and sage - very good) " and it was enough for the two of us.
4	As a person who loves Downtown, but has yet to discover all the delicious wonders it has strewn throughout, I enjoyed this new place. One, I love the name. "Red Moon" is something that catches my attention right off the bat. They have a little bar at the front and the dining area is pretty big, but not too big. You need a code to get into the restrooms, which I find very safe. Downtown folks and bathrooms can get a little crazy sometimes, so I appreciate the thought from the owner(s). As for the food, quite delicious. We had their Capri salad, lasagna, Margarita pizza, and just a simple sausage and pepperoni pizza. All that was perfect for four of us. The Margarita pizza was my favorite. The lasagna was pretty darn good too, but I have had better. The only thing that was not perfect, though he was very very nice, was the inattentiveness of the waiter. It took him awhile to realize we needed more drinks and to come check in on us. Other than that, everything was very nice and delicious!
1	The staff at the restaurant was very rude and I will never return again. The food is nothing to right home about and service sucks. I also felt as if I was being discriminated against because of my race.
1	I had the eggplant parm and a calamari app. My roommate had the lobster spaghetti. Both entrees and appetizer were horrible. The eggplant parm had no breading and was so soggy I had hard time discerning the cheese from the eggplant. My roommates lobster was overcooked and the sauce was horrible. The calamari was chewy and cold. Awful does not do this place justice.
3	Food was really good. Salad with grilled veggies and goat cheese amazing.  Service was very poor. Automatically included an 18% gratuity so no reason to pay any attention to the guests.  Seriously didn't come back to refill drinks until they brought our bill.
