1	Good gosh this is an over priced bit a of foolishness.Service is so so and the food is just ordinary.Family of four eats 4 burgers, 4 fries and 4 milkshakes.Milkshakes for 4 $21.80Burgers with fries for 4  $52.00That's $73.80 Plus tax of $9.50 Plus tip of $12.00Total for 4 burgers, 4 fries and 4 shakes an incredible $95.30$95.30 for 4 burgers 4 fries and four milkshakes.When was the last time you spent a hundred dollars on hamburgers for 2 adults and 2 kids?A hundred buck for 4 hamburgers.And it was just so so.Ouch!!
4	Cheesy looking place... 50's decor but it works for me! I was there for their lunch special. 2 burgers, 2 fries and all the soda you can drink for under 30$. Great deal. And now for the main event, the BURGER! Big and sloppy, juice oozing down the side of my hands. Yum Yum! The taste of the beef really comes through as great quality. I had the Elvis which has caramelized onions, mushrooms and Swiss cheese. They really won me over. In my never ending quest to find the best burger in Montreal, this one took me to the West Island and didn't disappoint. Give it a try.
1	Johnny Rockets in Canada?!? Not too impress with Jukebox. We ordered appetizer - Mac & cheese with meatballs... Waitress came back and said they had ran out of meatballs?!?! Burger joint running out of meatballs?!?! Does not make sense?!?! Thats a first!  We ended up ordering Mac & Cheese with hot dog... we we got our appetizer, the waitress asked us "did u need plates?"... DUH?!?! OMG!!! did she want us to use the paper table mats?!?! This Mac & Cheese was  THE most salty dish I ever!!!!I had the Elvis burger.... It was avg. I had better burgers that this. When the waitress was refilling our drink, she spilt the drink on my friend! When she spilt the drink the waitress and didn't say a word! WTF?!! She finally came back with more paper towels. You'd think they'd comp something, but NO!
2	Jukebox is okay, and okay is worth 3 stars, but I get offended by any business who calls themselves "best in the city" to raise my expectations and get me excited only to let me down with their absolute mediocrity. While it's possible that the absolutely mind-blowing burger I had at world-famous Fergburger in Queenstown, New Zealand ruined me for all future burgers, I actually believe that Jukebox just serves up average stuff. Sure, you can build your own burger at Jukebox, but you can do that at Harvey's too, and I prefer their product (and its price!) Jukebox has good fries though, and the atmosphere is reminiscent of a cool diner, but please don't rant and rave in your ads about being the best when your food leaves this customer feeling that you're nowhere close to the best. Sorry Jukebox, should'a played a better song.
1	Pros-Fun Ambiance-Original menu items-Solid burgersCons-Overpriced-Uninspired salads-Slow-UnequippedComments:I waited like an idiot while a party of 3, who came at the EXACT same time as me, ordered, ate and left before a waitress even greeted my table of 2.I wanted a grilled chicken salad. -No chicken.-Ok, sub for tilapia. -No tilapia. -So much for options.Got a shitty spinach salad with a half sliced asian pear and a turkey patty plopped on top.2 Salads2 DrinksBill: $50.803 visits in one: First time, last time and one time too many!
4	Great food! Awesome atmosphere!
4	Went here yesterday afternoon.Wow- what great burgers! and huge portions!Service was not the best that's why I gave 4 instead of 5 stars- but the food was really good.I had the hot rod and the wife had the gleason which she could not finish- I was happy to help! The burgers are probably twice the size of Five Guys ones. Don't get the gleason unless you are pretty hungry!For the people who think it is overpriced/expensive- get real- this is a restaurant, not McDonalds. Just for fun I checked Jack Astors... they have burgers at $14 and shakes at $5. Uhh... that's the same price.The only slight complaint I would have was the service was ok but not great- they had baby chairs but did not offer it even though I was holding a baby, so I went and got it myself, and  they could not substitute our kids ice cream for a small milkshake because they only have one size... so we got the shake anyhow... and boy am I glad we did... delicious! Definitely will be going back!
3	Went there on Sunday night with the fam jam. The ambiance is great cool looking place with a friendly wait staff.Service was incredibly fast we got our food and everyone enjoyed there burgers.I had ordered the simple rocket on pumpernickel with mac n cheese and it was delicious and they serve very big portions so worth the price!Me and my sister wanted to split the may west ice cream cake but they didn't have any may wests so we got the jos louis instead and it wasn't very good. But besides that it is a great place to enjoy the experience all the decor is great!
4	After reading some previous reviews I came to this place skeptically after being in my Yelp bookmark list for an extended amount of time.Were the reviews to be true?DECOR :You can't help but notice when coming in that this place is the ultimate diner experience at least in terms of decor. Huge comfortable "banquets" to sit at that scream the 50ies or 60ies to you. Huge jukebox in the middle of the restaurant. Music from another time compliments the joyful atmosphere. The decor is simply fantastic! It's an experience in itself. I can't help but marvel at accomplishing such an atmosphere and appreciate it.FOOD :I ordered the Dean Cheese Burger with a side of onion rings and special garlic mayo. This joint allows you to custom your burger by choosing the type of meat you want and the type of bun you want as well. So I went with the a Pumpernickel bun,  traditional fresh ground beef and Monterrey Jack cheese. I also ordered a root beer float.  If I was going to stack the calories... I might as well do it the right way, right?And I sure did!The root beer was ridiculous. It was bigger than my head! What a generous amount! And mightily delicious as well! I recommend trying it! Wow!The Dean Cheese burger was good but nothing that stands close to burgers you'd find at Five Guys or La Belle et la Boeuf. The onion rings and side garlic mayo however were palatable. I was full but I couldn't help myself and needed to finish it all. What an experience!My friend ordered the same burger and decided to go with the fries. He felt the same way about the burger and loved the fries. At least those I stole from his plate. :)He also ordered a May West milkshake and it was delicious! I had some... since the waitress not only gave him his milkshake but the EXCESS of the milkshake (basically 1.5 milkshakes!)Incredible!SERVICE :The service was solid. We got prompt service when seated and got taken care of during our visit. The was the perfect amount of attention. Kudos on this.PRICE :I found the price tag to be expensive with most burgers being on average about 15$. For this price, you'd expect excellence but perhaps it was the Dean Cheese burger but I didn't feel I got my value. Most shakes/floats are very reasonably priced and the extras are just about right. So this is where they lose the 5 star rating.BOTTOM LINE :I give this place a solid 4 stars. Even perhaps a 5 stars if my burger didn't impress me. Perhaps on future visits (and there be more!) I will correct this score to a proper 5 stars.I'm happy I tried this place, despite the yelp critics. It pleases me to prove them wrong. People are far too willing to 5 star or 1 star their experiences.
4	Jukebox is a safe bet when you're in the west island and in the mood for good comfort food.Service is prompt, portions are generous and prices are totally reasonable.They make one of the best veggie burgers in town - IMO.
1	Avoid! Went with my sister, waited almost 30 minutes to be seated (because "the kitchen was behind", there were plenty of seats available) even though we were told 5-10. Host never returned even though more people came in after us. When we sat down we were greeted by a rude waiter who was also covering the drink / milkshake / sundae station. We both ordered Pepsis. He came back about 10 minutes later with a Pepsi and a glass of water. Took another 5 to get that fixed.By the time we ordered I had finished my drink and decided to see how long it would take to get a refill without asking - timed 35 minutes, after which I ended up asking another waitress because our waiter was MIA. Shortly after we got our food. My burger was barely edible - the meat was decent but the bun smelled and tasted too gluten-y, I ended up not eating the bun. I also ordered a poutine for an extra $3. It was the Susie-Q fries, cheese curds and sauce. It was so cold it seemed like it came straight out of the walk in. Because our waiter never returned to ask how everything was, I ended up asking the first person I saw for a new one (ended up being the manager or something) and got the replacement in about 5 minutes. The poutine was bland. I didn't even finish it.As far as the restaurant itself, my sister had a broken seat (akin to a rocking chair, the seat of her side of the mini-booth wasn't bolted down). The music was a mixture of modern pop (top 40) and Christmas (even though it has already passed). The bar area is too close to the mini-booths - a large group came in and were practically standing on us while waiting for their seats. All in all I paid 18.17$ after tax. The food was bad but the service was worse. Even McDonalds is better.
4	I like the concept of this place...brings you back in the day! The burgers are good...a variety of choices - good combinations. The fries are realy good - Suzie Q fries. Pretty good for a burger joint!
5	Jukebox was worth travelling almost 2 hours from Lasalle to the West Island and getting lost for half an hour and walking forever. It really was. We almost gave up and turned back and went downtown but I'm glad we didn't! I ordered the buffalo chicken poutine and a banana split milkshake (which was delicious), one of my friends ordered a burger(not quite sure which burger but he said it was delicious!) with a side of poutine and a cheesecake milkshake and my other friend ordered a chilli cheese dog and a side of poutine with a chocolate milkshake(I think). SO filling, I couldn't finish my food so I brought the rest home. We really wanted to order a desert, but we were way too full.Jukebox is worth the try and the long distance. The atmosphere is beautiful and breathtaking. It felt like it came right out of the 50's. I will definitely go back, no doit about it. But it would be really cool if they opened one downtown(my only complaint).
2	This place looks amazing when you walk in and feel like you have entered a 70's diner. Then the longer you spend there the less amazing it became. The service is terrible and it took forever to get our food. I made my own burger but found the burger meat has no seasoning at all, just meat made into a patty and cooked. The fries were not bad but the mac and cheese was not good at all,  one bite was enough for me. The dessert looked good but i am sure it was like most of the stuff in this place. Looks great but leaves a bad taste in your mouth.
5	Best Burger in town! If u dont mind to pay a little bit more, u get good quality food.
5	This place is really good! I wanted to go here for a while and finally did. The menu is big and there's a lot of good and customizable choices you can make. Since I love poutine I decided to get the Poutine Brgr with a root beer float. I chose the honey brown bun, chicken as the patty and Susie Q fries (curly fries) as a side. The burger was so good and bigger than it looks. The root beer float is hugeee my straw couldn't reach the bottom without tilting the mug. I was super full at the end. The service was also really good and I didn't have to wait long for my food. Definitely coming back here a few more times. The Poutine Burger is a success!
2	To say I was unimpressed would be an understatement. This establishments saving grace was our second waitress.We walk in and ask for a table of 3, the hostess takes us to a booth and we ask to be seated elsewhere. She instead lowers the blind so we aren't blinded by the sun. After a  five minutes of the sun beating the back of my husbands head and no waiter coming to see us we flag down the hostess as she seats someone else. We ask for another table and we are told they will clean on for us and then we will be reseated. Only then does our waiter come over. We tell him we are moving and he leaves.We get our new seats and out waitress is quick. She takes our drink order and leaves us with the menu. After a few minutes she comes back empty handed and informs is the bar is back logged and would be a few minutes for our drinks (soft drinks and a juice). She asks if we would like to place our order and we do. She's very well informed about the menu and sides etc.It didn't take long for us to get our food but upon inspection of my fries (my inspection I literally mean looking at them) you could see that the fries which were supposed to be "curly" are limp, cold, and undercooked.By the time the waitress came back to see us and I told her of the problem I had eaten half my burger. They sent out replacement fries (straight) on the house while they made a new batch of curly. By the time the curly fries came I had finished the burger. The thought from the kitchen/manager to send free fries was nice but does it matter when my fries come after I'm done eating? The burger was above average but below epic. My husband wasn't too impressed with his food either but his thoughts on the dipping sauces with the fries was "store bought" and the onion rings tasted frozen. I will not be back.
3	The place is all right, looks like an old fashion dinner but you feel like your going to gain 10 pounds just looking at the menu.  The food is decent and classic
4	Great comfort food! 50's dinner look Awesome burgers, poutine, Mac n' cheese...Milk shakes etc..Lots of choices on the menu, make ur own burger ( choose ur meat, buns and cheese).Service has always been good, I've been a few times especially when I crave a good burger with curly fries !!The only thing about this place is the music is to loud, it's a bit annoying!
2	BLAND!Gave Jukebox a 2nd chance, and was equally unimpressed as the first. But then, my server asked if everything was okay, (as servers are programmed to do) and when I commented that my burger was very bland, he *proudly* responded "we don't season our patties.." What??? In what culinary universe is this something to be proud of?My taste buds strongly disagree.
