5	Spring is always a good time for a sale at JC Penney's and while I was searching for some dress shirts & ties I found they were having a 75% offsale. EVERYTHING was $4.97!!I found 8 very stylish Van Huesen Dress Shirts size 18 1/2 & 19 and  6 very nice Van Huesen ties. 2 arm loads worth of clothes.WHen she got done ringing me up the damage was $75!!! my receipt said I had saved $350!!!!An entirely new work wardrobe for under $100 I love THIS ---JC Penney's!!
3	I went here last week to buy a suit. They were on sale for 50% off. I found a number of nice suits...but when I went to try them on, they had the wrong size bottom (i.e., a 10 top with a 6 bottom). I was only able to find one suit that had the right size pants. But I got a good deal on it. I also got a good deal on some shoes.
3	Even though it's the Holiday shopping season, this store wasn't over crowded when I loitered through it on Saturday.The displays were well kept, the employees were attentive, the store was clean and the prices seemed reasonable.  Too bad I was just "window" shopping.I do like the Van Heusen brand they carry.  They had a neat "under $10" bin and also carry some "Sharper Image" products.
3	I stopped in here today.  It's been years since I've been to the Meadows Mall and this JC Penney.  The store is OK.  It has a very good inventory.  The store is large and has something for everyone--except the new wallet I'm looking for.There is easier access for me to Penney's at a store nearer to home.  If they don't have what I want and I still want Penney's, I can order it online.
2	This is my go to department store since my beloved Mervyn's went out of business.  Since the plus size area of the store has a small selection, I sometimes find myself purchasing things on line and having them sent to this store.  The site to store has certainly been a hit and miss.  I've been given the run around about items before.  I'll get my email saying my items are ready but when I go to pick them up, they can't find them.  As for the rest of the store, it's only OK.  It's one of the smallest Pennys I've ever been to with only two floors.  There is another Pennys store just for home goods near Alta but I'm used to having everything in one location.  Most of the prices are fair, but when they have a sale they really go all out, if you can get it.  Yesterday, when I looked at the sales ad on line and found they had a ten dollar off deal for every twenty five you spend, I was hooked.  I had to go.  However, when I actually got to the register and asked about the deal the gal told me there were not doing that.  I was upset, I didn't think that I had read it wrong but I was like "OK, whatever."  One of my items didn't have a tag on it, so the associate called down to have someone find the item.  After having to wait in line, wait for them to fix a paper jam, wait for the item look up, they get back on the phone and say they can't find it.  The gal just looked at me with a blank stare, like I should just forget about the shirt since it didn't have a tag.  I told the girl to just forget it, grabbed my stuff and hauled it back downstairs to find another shirt with a tag.  Since I was already downstairs I went to a register there and asked the gal there about the ten dollars off.  She again said they were not doing it.  By this time I'm really frustrated, so I ask when are they doing it.  She hems and haws for a minute and they said "I think Thursday, maybe Friday?"  At the end of the transaction she gives me the ten dollars off anyway.  The stuff is decent, and the sales are good, but maybe I'm too picky to also want a little bit of customer service too.  Why can't the people who work there know about what is going on in their own store?  I just had to know if I was wrong or not so I looked up the ad again today to make sure I had read it right.  The deal was for all week not just Thursday or maybe Friday.  It makes me angry, and it should make the people who make the ads angry too.  Why work so hard to get people in the door if the place isn't going to deliver on the sale?
4	This is probably my 2nd visited location; I used to come here to check out the Adidas inventory (sometimes they had different stuff). This store became a more-visited store, because of the Sephora addition; so you can say my interest was revived. There are lots of Sephora stores on the Strip (Forum, Venetian, Miracle Mile. and further up, at Town Square), but this is the only one on this side of town. Not counting the Strip, this would be the closest location to my home. Whenever we're in the mall, we stop by here, because of Sephora; located on the lower level, near the jewelry counter. I love Sephora- the brands, the perks of being a Beauty Insider member, the samples, trying out the different products, demos by the employees, etc.  It's worth checking out the Clearance section (the womens clothing is around the corner from Sephora) but I haven't found anything recently- and sometimes it is a mess. There are two levels to this store. The lower level has jewelry, Sephora, womens and mens clothing, and handbags. Upstairs is the home section (linens, kitchen appliances) and children's clothing. If you're in the area, and need something basic from Sephora (it's a smaller store), definitely check this store out.
4	I'm from L.A. and I recently visited to get my niece some clothes from the girls' dept. on Sunday Feb 12th. I must say I've never had a more attentive person than Malik (sp?) he checked in on me once and checked in on my sister 3X. Talk about customer service! :) Then after standing in line for 5 minutes he did say he'd be right with me, then apologized for the wait. As I was walking away, I heard him apologize to the next customer as well. Not to mention the Prices are GREAT for little girls, average about $12/pair for size 14 girls. My sister was impressed with the prices (I have no children so I have no idea what a "deal" is!) stop to JCP for great deals on girls' clothes!
1	We called in advance to see if an item was in stock, was told there were three.  When my husband got to the store, their inventory still showed three in stock.  They couldn't locate any of them.  Said they were on the display beds.  Really???  A CALIFORNIA KING MATTRESS PAD on a display bed?  Too many people with no clue.  What a waste of time!
3	This place is ok, the workers look like theyre half asleep, but this place is pretty ok.Sooo I venture to JCpennay a few times per month. I really dont know why I go because they dont have anything I fall in love with, or anything that is only sold there. What Ive gone for lately is the childrens 25$ frame deal. The optical center is hidden next to the salon and the portrait studio, which is also hidden. Its also itty bitty and not much of a frame selection, but wth! So we went in and of course it was dead, a little lady helped us and luckily I called in and asked about the deal itself. The way its on tv you would think its a full eye glass set with a script, but all it was for the 25$ were the frames and lenses. No biggie, thats why I called! I took Santiago script and chose some frames. Now I sat and it was super easy, all she basically did was write down his script and the frame number. I then opted for a little professional looking pair. The total was 67$ and they came in 2 weeks later. I super loved them as did Santiago!So back to the store, this store has ok deals, not as good as Grand Canyon dr, and def more messy... probs due to their sleepy workers. Plus a lot of the selection isnt the same. The shoes are def a hot mess, and I wish they had the same crap on sale as the other store!Ill probs come here just to explore, or if they have another eyeglass deal!
4	The other day, I read a thing in the Business section of the paper that was talking about JCPs new "Everyday low prices" and no-coupon pricing model. I thought it was interesting and thought about it never again. Then I went to the mall looking for a shirt for an event, and I strolled in, and there it was: "Low Prices, No Coupons." I looked at the prices and, believe me, prices were pretty damn good. I mean, you're not getting Brooks Brothers stuff for cheap, but still. Prices were along the lines of H&M, though maybe slightly more dated. In any case, the store was clean, service was ok, prices were good... I was impressed! I'll def be back to shop around!
1	I have been going to JCPenney for Holiday portraits for FIVE YEARS and this is the first time, at Meadows Mall they have told me we can only have ONE holiday background. Ridiculous! Our appointment was at 3:40pm and at this time I am drafting this review we are waiting in the lobby still - it is 4:22pm. We just got out of the studio. The session was quick and I felt she rushed our sitting since we were an hr behind and other appointments were waiting. I like the coupons for the photos at jcpenney portrait studios but I wont be returning to this particular location.Also sitting fee's werent free this month so for the three of us it would cost about $30 - that is about the same price as their portrait membership program which gives free portrait sittings for TWO YEARS. The woman who rang me up did not mention the portrait sitting fee's OR the portrait membership. VERY dissatisfied with customer service at this particular location.
1	Not a JCPenney customer- but I have been following the news about the total image change for the store. Every Day low prices and really liked the last ad booklet in the sunday paper. Well- upon arriving at the store- there was very limited sizes- not the color selection as advertised- I was planning on a major shoping spree for spring- needless to say- when I finally found a sales associate she suggested that I look at the merchandise in petites or womans sizes? Really?? I am 5'9'' and a size 10. So I left-only bought 2 shirts - JCP definitely need better distribution of merchandise (size and colors) to the stores.. or more saavy buyers! Oh- and when I asked if the merchandise was back ordered- the associate had no idea what that meant!
5	3stars for the Actual JcPenny Store. Nothing to rave about.5 Stars: for the hair salon. Ms Lessie works wonders in my hair!!!!!!!
1	I bought a groupon to take family pictures here at jc pennys portrait studio last week. I did not like how the pictures came out at all. I asked to retake them and they said not now we are already going over our lunch break, But you can come back and pay for the seating fee again or wait till 4:30pm. Which would have been a 2hr wait. Then when I came to pick them up no one was at desk there was only one person there taking the pictures. When she came to the desk she was like did you get yiur cd already...I didnt know I could have go it when we took the pictures x-( Long story short JC penny's has gone to crap! And I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
5	They have the best sale and I'm usually picky with clothes, but I like how they have trendy selections here at a great price. Its another place for bargain clothes other than Kohls and they're consistently good about having sales.
1	If you want to be rushed and make an appointment only to wait an hour past the time then go to jcpennys. I can see why they are on the verge of closing the doors. We get taken in a room finally for our portraits only to be asked to wait because the family before us didn't hear their nameCalled. So we go out to see a mother acting like a child because we were called before her. I am sorry that god gave you a big nose and small ears.
3	JC Penney has never been a favorite shopping destination for me, but we had a gift card to spend so we decided on this location. The customer service was pretty good and we were able to get in and out with our purchase in a very short amount of time. The inventory seemed a little less old-fashioned and dowdy than other JC Penney's I have been to in the past.
3	Came in for a portrait. We booked online, but did not sync with the actual schedule of the photographer. Recommended to call for the actual appointment.We had to wait some, and you would think that the people going to JC Penny's were royalty and should have what they wanted immediately! Douche bags!! There was only one person working and she was going full speed, yet she was dealing with rude people the entire time we were there. The pictures that were taken were real good and we were pleased. She just seems overworked and underpaid for what she does. She does get the job done and we are happy with our photos. If you need some pics done, come here and be patient. If you are looking for an experience, don't be cheap and go find a professional!!The reason for the 3 stars is just the lack of staff at this location.
1	We purchased photos online. We got there and immediately noticed it was very hot! The girl at the counter told us that the air-conditioner was broken and had been that way for sometime. They only had a couple of fans going. This was ridiculous. My son was there for a graduation photos so I wasn't going to cancel. If I were the one in the pictures I would have had to get a refund because my make up was melting right off my face just sitting there. Lol. They could have repaired that air-conditioner along time ago and given their customers a more pleasant experience but for some reason they hadn't. They didn't even warn me ahead of time the condition of the studio. It would have been nice to know that it would be such an uncomfortable temperature and possibly taken our business elsewhere. Also, their props need to be updated because some are old and worn. They really weren't prepared for the pictures we were doing. Even though I left details about what we were there for. Once we were done taking pictures we needed to view and choose the poses we wanted printed. The girl that was helping us was unprofessional and rude. She answered a personal call in the middle of helping us. She also interrupted me mid sentence to gossip with another employee as if my children and I weren't standing right next to her. And she almost ordered the wrong photos because of her lack of attention. Horrible employee. We will definitely never go back!!!
5	This store is clean and they have updated it I like the new look. It's fresh and bright.We were going in for jeans nothing special just regular jeans be4 we went in it was all Levi jeans but we changed r minds after we saw these Decree jeans so cute and the Arizona jeans were cute and the best part the Decree were marked $38.00 we paid 19.99 and the Arizona were marked $42.00 there were on sale for 17.99. Great back to school prices.
3	JC Penney Portrait Studio - I found a Groupon which waived sitting fees, offered a CD, and three 8x10s for a reasonable price. I made an appointment online which was very simple and accommodating for a busy mom of four.  Initially, I was concerned with the lack of organization shown with three staff photographers on site. I was checked in by one. Then addressed by the second, to check me in a second time, and finally taken to a room for photographs by a third which was a bit exasperating, as she asked the same questions that the the first two had asked.The poses were not to my liking and I ended up directing most of the session as I had to have new pics for the house as well as pics for gifts over the holiday season for the grands. I was very pleased with the final product (pics) but felt rushed throughout choosing the album and it was not explained as well as should have been regarding access to an online album for the next 90 days.Ultimately, it was a good value but the process could have been streamlined a bit better if they had an adequate number of personnel on site.
