5	I'm so glad I met Glen. He is not only an expert electrician, but he is a totally professional businessman. He can do it all, and he charges less than most other electricians I've used. I will use Glen from now on and highly recommend him to everyone.
5	Deluxe Electric has done work at my home and my commercial building.  Every thing was done on time and for a great price.
5	Glen is an expert in electrical work. I like his great attitude and follow through. I think he can do anything you need both residential and business and would trust him with my home.
5	So my pool guy told me my pumps were not working because they did not have power. It was not a breaker so I needed a trustworthy electrician. I call Glenn at Deluxe electric and he came right out. He quickly determined that the pumps were on the same circuit and needed to be put on their own. Great service and excellent work. Thank you Glenn for bailing me out of my situation.
5	Only had a small job of running some cables for a ceiling fan but I couldn't be happier with Glenn. He arrived exactly on time and got to work fast. Everything was done professionally and in good time, he even ran extra cable in case I wanted to add a switch at a later date. His prices were the most competitive of all the top rated electricians on yelp that I called. I wouldn't hesitate to call this company again.
5	Glen was great! I called on a saturday and he was able to stop by 2.5 hours later. He was very knowledgable and courtesy.
5	The Glenn's are GREAT!!!!Super Nice guys, came out as soon as they could to help out when I desperately needed kitchen electric when 2 other electricians flaked out on me!Great attitudes, Professional and tidy work!!Didnt overchaarge, didnt try to upsell, and arrived when they said they would!Would recommend these guys to everyone!
5	Had my kitchen and bathroom fixture replaced.  Called them (Glens) and they were here the next morning. Great job. Had work done in the past and have always been very satisfied.. in fact I just called and Glen will be here later to install dimmer switch.Thank you..
