4	Best vanilla shakes.When I'm in a junk food mood Sonic rocks.  Their shakes are better than In & Outs.  The mozzarella sticks rival those found at White Castle's on the the East Coast (see: http://www.yelp.com/list/white-castle-jersey-city )   Since my family lives in this area, I'm always sneaking away to Sonics to grab a shake...
4	It sucks that Sonic's  is so far.Whenever I'm in Vegas I make more than one visit to this place. I recommend the patty melt, cheese tator tots, and coconut berry slush. SOOO good. be sure you ask for the french fries sauce.
4	Who loves Sonic? Me!  For the food?  Not really.  I love their tater tots and their cream slushies.Sonic is a great place to experience the drive in . Some of them have the servers on skates while some don't, but either way it's fun to order from your car and have someone bring you the food.  I think the cream slushies are awesome and I love going there a couple days a week for a blue coconut one.  Tater tots are always great to snack on, and theirs are awesome!If you want have late night or early morning munchies their drive thru is open 24/7, so stop on it for a sweet treat and tots!
5	Ok, I am officially in love with Sonic!!I ate here a twice while visiting in Vegas (I know so bad) and all times were fantabulously delicious!!!The only other time I had tried Sonic was in Redding, CA. I had there grilled chicken sandwich that was actually really good though, I was anxiously looking forward to try one of there actual burgers, especially after hearing they were comparable to In N Out.This particular sonic has all the outside drive in areas to sit and order your food along with an actual drive through window as well. The service at this particular location seemed to always be exceptionally friendly and upbeat on my visits.My first visit I ordered a junior cheeseburger which was actually a pretty decent size for a Jr and mmm....was it .incredibly delicious!! I had also had one of there breakfast burritos one morning to, which was extremely tasty and quite filling.Yes In N out, I would have to say Sonic has won me over!!This is another place we are missing in the Bay area...and another place that is already missed!!
4	Sonic's so good.. i always get the Streawberry slash sooo good it quitches ur thurst on a hot summer... awesome... u need to take ur family to sonic's!
5	Cheap eats AND good service?!! At a drive-in? While I do LOVE me an Oreo sonic blast (with chocolate syrup, so I can make-believe it is chocolate ice cream), I do acknowledge that its just cheap chemical laden soft serve mixed with Oreo. But for some reason I am loyal. "why?" I ask myself. It always comes down to the service. Incredibly quick service with a relatively cheerful attitude. That's all we ask of a fast food chain. And this location delivers everytime. Exceptional service always places a nice set of beer goggles on mediocre fare. Solid American food with a smile. A rare case in which you get more than what you pay for.
4	Who loves cheap cheap cheap?  I love cheap cheap cheap!  When I hit the mood for a fast food fix during the late afternoon slump, decisions abound!  The Arches...The King...The KFC...who will I go to for my greasy lil' treat?  Most times I end up at Sonic!I like hitting Sonic during their awesome 'Happy Hour' from 2-4 PM for 1/2 off drinks!  And boy do those drinks hit the sweet spot.  I love my Route 44 (gigantor size for you Sonic virgins) in some of my go to flavors:-Diet. Dr. Pepper or Diet Coke with Low-Cal Diet Cherry-Low-Cal Diet Cherry Limeade-Sweet Tea-Ocean Water (hint of coconut)-Blue Coconut Slush (mix with tequila and rum anyone??)And always, ALWAYS with extra ice!  It's your ultimate drink stop!  Besides the drinks the menu has nice choices for snackin'.  I can order off the 'Everyday Value Menu', where I'll get a Jr. Deluxe Burger or a Chicken Strip Sandwich, and a small order of Tots.  Winnah, winnah, cheap A$$ dinnah!  If I've been really good with my diet during the week, I'll give in a little and gets me a hot dog!  I really like the Footlong Quarter Pound Coney, with extra onions and add mustard please!  God, I am such a glutton.  I recently had Sonic's take on The Chicago Dog and it was pretty good too.  And...I'm back to the treadmill.Nope...the food ain't gourmet...and yep...it's a chain...but this place stays so busy!  Gotta love the drive-in aspect, the ordering boards right next to your parking space, and the window service.  Very old school and fun for the kids to see.  Service is always fast and friendly so it keeps me coming back.  Hmmm.....wonder where I'll be going for a snack after work today???
4	No references to the Hedgehog, I'm sure. The food's.. ehh.. Everything taste better when you're hungry (& broke!). BUT!! Desserts & drinks.. Ah, yes, my child. That's what we're talking about when we talk about it! 2 WORDS: Butterfinger BLAST. Or maybe that's three? Ewan ko bro! Oh, you like drink, yeah? Fine. Strawberry limeade. & Half off drinks at happy hour?! SUPER COMBO: 287,869,000 points!
4	I never get food here, or even ice cream. The food is waaay too salty, the ice cream hurts my stomach.I love happy hour though! Only time I ever come to Vegas.My last time here I got a ice tea...and yea...the tea melted the ice...that sucked.
2	Cherry lime aid? Yes, diet of course, 460 calories and 120g of sugar on a rt 44 is a no no with me!Sooo Sonics are usually all the same, same menu, pricing, and annoying order speaker. The first time we came here the experience was pretty ok, this last time it was sheet! Pure sheet!So after 8pm shakes are half off, this time I opted for a cherry pineapple in medium (2.99 for med) and a jr deluxe burger no onion or tomato. So I press the button and the lady comes on. I give her our order and mind you I speak verrryyy clearly and slow so she can understand. She repeats the order "you want 2 double cheeseburgers no onions?" AHHH! NOOOO!! 1 jr deluxe burger no onion no tomato. She spits the order out again and it seems to be correct and gives us the total which is like 5$ over. So I sit there in awe and push the button to ask how this came about. Ohh I forgot to give you the discount for the meal. So the total is now 2$less. I ask her to repeat my order and again she includes the double cheeseburgers! I politely tell her no, and repeat what I wanted.At this point in time Im like wtf? I cant find a job but they hire this yodle to work here?! So out comes our car hop. She repeats our order and what comes out of her mouth? 1 jr deluxe burger... the 1 thing I CANNOT STAND IS TOMATO. It legit makes me puke!! So I look at my burger and low and behold TOMATO AND ONIONS! Im about to go ape shit as we are leaving, like seriously? I have spoke slowly and clearly and told you my order 3 times and you STILL cannot get it right? WTF!? Plus my shake tasted like garbage AND she didnt give me a full discount on it!Now I wouldnt be a little jerk, but if I tell you an order like 100 times, it should be correct! I didnt call and complain I just ended up tossing the onions and tomato and wiping the tomato remnants off my burger.Will I come here again? Probably, I do love their diet cherry lime aids! Their workers are just somewhat of ding bats!
3	Never tried Sonic before. Got a double bacon cheeseburger and a chili cheese dog. Nothing that 'blew my mind'. I'm sure ill go there again, just won't go out of my way to do so.
3	The cherry limeades are amazing, the food is good,and the service is just ok.  There is almost always a long line whenever I swing by this Sonic.  The people who take the orders are usually not the friendliest and sometimes I have to repeat my order over and over and over, but eventually it gets ordered correctly.  It isn't a 5 star place, but the cherry limeades will keep me coming back for more.
3	Dear Diary, It has been 379 days since my last slip.  I tried so hard and it all seemed so innocent...Oh, you are oh so convenient with your bright, inviting lights & 24 hour drive "thru" .  Then that friendly voice welcomes me to Sonic & I request to wait, since I just pulled up.  After a few moments of hesitation between a foot long chili cheese Coney & a breakfast burrito, I do what all addicts do: I order BOTH.  Then, as I pull up, can't help but notice the condescending gaze of the attendant as she looks down into my little toy of a car, while being spotlighted in an even brighter, almost judging, light. So, it all goes to plan, I have my stash of breakfast burrito and a tube steak in a boat of bread, meat gravy, & cheese whiz.  All packed with care?  I get home and spread it all out in front of the TV.  Bathed in the otherworldly glow of some Amazon Prime original series, I attack my chili dog with the nearly useless plastic fork.The traditional method for consuming this "Coney" starts with tearing the foil paper & breaking open the front of the paper trough so you can try to bite this cheesy, greasy, chili covered 12 incher. I use the fork to stab & break off a piece so big, I nearly gag.  I think to myself, "Oh, the price I have to pay will be well worth my time."  How could I be so wrong?Since I am on a roll & feeling so good about myself, I tear into the steaming hot breakfast burrito.  I swear the little plastic packets of mustard & salsa mock me from the bottom of the bag.  Now, I finally realize, I have relapsed.  There is no turning back.  I will continue to eat & defile myself and probably wake up behind a Whole Foods wondering how my life came to this...I wake up a few hours later.  I feel dirty.As I belch, it feels like gasoline is issuing forth from my pores...This morning, I start afresh.I will try to pull my life together.  Again.  And this time, maybe,I will remember my hallowed mantra: ONLY GO TO SONIC FOR DRINKS AT HAPPY HOUR
3	There are things I like about Sonic.  The 24 hour drive through, Cheddar Peppers, and amazing shakes come to mind.  But then there are the things that bother me.  Like going twice to try the pretzle dog with cheese and bacon and being disappointed twice when I was told they were sold out.  Now I am not a restaurant owner or manager but it seems to me that when a special item that looks so insanely good is advertised so heavily you should order large quantities so as not to run out.  Is it just me?  One of these days, before they are discontinued, I will try one of these dogs.  One of these days I will find a Sonic with a full stock of specialty and regular menu items.  In the mean time, Cheddar Peppers and a Chicago dog will have to do.
4	Ahh, I haven't been to Sonic in a while, but I met up with a friend here recently to catch up on some girl talk and chill out.  We parked and sat at one of the tables at dusk, with a nice breeze blowing.  I sipped on a large iced tea with extra ice and watched as she ate a chicken finger meal; she'd never been to Sonic even though she's been in Vegas longer than me (I've been here since 1992!)KUDOS:- They have two food items on the menu that I used to get all the time, but not so much any more:  root beer floats that you can request to be blended when you order (that's how I like 'em); and, tater tots. You can get the special fry sauce for the tater tots and fries, a combo of mayo and ketchup.  My son and I would come through the drive-thru at least once a week for blended root beer floats back in the day. It's comfort food, for sure, and oh so good!  - The ice they put in their drinks is crushed, but there's something special, I don't know what it is.  It's so popular that they even sell it by the bag. - Sonic still has the old-school park and eat concept.  You can pull up, park, order over the intercom, and your order is brought out by someone on skates.- Happy Hour for the drinks, of which there are plenty to choose from:  slushes, limeades, sodas, sweet or unsweetened iced teas (regular or green). 2:00-4:00pmGRIPES:- Really not healthy for you, but, hey, you don't come to Sonic to eat healthy.  Come here for some greasy burgers, hot dogs, corn dogs, fries, tater tots, sundaes, floats, and anything else that will make you feel good when you need that kind of comfort.
4	If you're looking for a quick lunch or dinner don't do the drive thru. The lines are very long. But if you do the tables or car hop they are fast. They have a good verity of semi health to just dang good food. I like that I can get breakfast all day.
1	We were so excited to find a Sonic on our trip. Our excitement promptly faded when it took over 20 minutes to get our food. When it came, my Honey Mustard and Swiss Chicken Club sandwich was wrong. They had given me a Chicken Club Toaster. Not the same sandwich at all, one has a cibatta roll and swiss cheese AND bacon, the other is on Texas toast with American cheese. The runner went back in to get the manager (not sure why they couldn't just fix it). The manager came out with total attitude saying that she would fix it, but she just wanted to inform us that the chicken clubs are made on toast. Really, because your menu says otherwise dumbass. So, after another hefty waiting period, they brought out the correct sandwich. Best part, they used the exact same  sandwich from the first order, tore off the american cheese and slapped an un melted piece of swiss onto it and tossed it on onto  a cibatta roll. Left out the bacon, which I might add is the most serious offense of the whole freakin' experience. By the time it was actually in my hands, my family had finished eating and my sandwich was ice cold.But wait, there's more.  To my hubby's dismay, his cherry limeade was missing their signature limes in the cup. Fail. Epic fail. At least the tots were good.
4	My rating isn't about Sonic food. The food isn't really worth your money these days. The only thing you should be ordering from Sonic that's actually worth spending for is the slushes! I mean, man. Come after 8 p.m. and all the slushes are half off! AND they basically have every flavor of drink. I mean, that slush menu of flavors is huge!! They even have ice slushes with nerds in them for people who really want a sugar high! My favorite thing to get is the Strawberry or Watermelon Cream slush. I love the cream slush because they use real ice cream and real fruit in your drink!! Not that it makes it any healthier--but it tastes really good! Nothing hits the spot like a slush at night! Grab your favorite flavor and spend the night in sugary paradise!
3	This was a promotional night for 79 cent slushes and half price shakes.  Well the line was out in the street and all the spaces were full.  They needed more car hops and faster service in the drive thru.  But I like that they have so many slush flavors to chose from 25 to be exact.  And the same amount of shake choices.  Which is why it along with price was such a popular event.  I had the pineapple with fresh fruit and my daughter had the chocolate with bacon shake yep that's what I said.  To me that something that doesn't need to be a shake but they got it there.  She says it was good and she will get it all the time.  I liked the slush and will be getting it again.Since they have this promo weekly during the summer it pays to get there early!!!and just wait it out.  The half price shakes start at 8pm. The slush is a text special.   If you haven't already subscribed  the Sonic Drive In text message now is the time to do so.Every week they will feature different specials.
4	I love Sonic! My family and I are here almost all the time. But we mainly go for the shakes and slushies that they serve here and not the food. I don't like the food as much mainly because it's really greasy and oily, and it's just average tasting. There's nothing really to rave about when it comes to their food/food selections. However, their shakes and slushies.. Good golly! There are so many selection of flavors to choose from. You can even concoct your own mixture of flavors! My favorite to get is always the Oreo chocolate milkshake and their strawberry (and orange) cream slush. When it comes to shakes and slushies, this place beats them all.
2	The food is decent here. The Slushes are what draws me here for the most part, and every now and then I get a craving for a shake. Having said that, and the primary reason for the two star review and nothing higher is the service. I get it, it's fast food, and yes, I've been a fry cook, a pizza builder, and a burger slinger in my high school days, so I understand that kids are drawn to working here. But...I expect some professionalism. I don't expect to hear teeny boppers swearing inside the booth. I also don't expect to be argued with by said teenager when they mess up my order. Just fix it so we can both keep it moving!!Lastly, and hopefully people that work here and other fast food joints read this....when I order 2 Medium and 2 Large orders of tots, and then ask you for Ketchup, handing me 4 packets is not acceptable. Granted, I don't watch or read the news religiously, but last time I checked, there wasn't any global shortage of Ketchup. Please don't make me tell you that I need 16 Ketchups. A little common sense goes a long way :o)
