3	Omelettes were great.  We'll be back.  If you're looking for brunch on a Saturday this an inexpensive option.
3	The food was fine, very typical.  The prices were amazing, I got a cheese omelet, hash browns, and a biscuit for under $4, which blew my mind.  I did have to wait a really really really long time for the food though...
3	One thing Charlotte has plenty of is - other than franchised fast-food joints - is family-style dining.  You have plenty of franchised family-style restaurants like Applebee's and Chili's, of course, but you also have a number of restaurants like the Greystone, where you have a ton of options on the menu any day of the week (and as mentioned, specials on certain days of the week).The location of the Greystone is excellent, especially with the light-rail line.  Add in their prices, and you have the beginnings of a real winner.Unfortunately, the problem is that's where it ends, because the service really stinks, and not just when they are busy (in fact, I've never been when they are busy).  Even when there is hardly a booth with someone in it, the service is horrible.To make matters worse, the food isn't that good either.  Like other such restaurants that you'll find, the food is just so-so.  At least you don't pay much for it.
4	Here is the deal, you can check out the "specials", read the menu, yada yada.  Order the Andy's Heavyweight and nothing else.  Nuff said.
4	It's dirt cheap and you'll be handed a heaping plate of food. This puts Wa-Ho (Waffle House) portions to shame, and here I thought it was hard to out-do a big pile of hashbrowns there. Yet there is Greystone, right off the light rail line waiting for you to come in and be taken back in time. It's a family diner that was packed on a Saturday morning with all kinds of people, from regulars to travelers like my group. The grits were amazing and took up half of a large plate, toast = two pieces of heavily buttered goodness, eggs are cooked just right, and the bacon... oh the bacon. SIX large pieces of bacon sat on the plate just waiting to be conquered. It was glorious! I also got a piece of grilled chicken, which I was worried that it would be dry yet I was greeted by a warm, moist, tender piecce of well seasoned chicken. Holy cow, died and went to breakfast heaven!Let's put it this way: I always try to take a photo of my food for personal documentation as well as for Yelp reviews, and this time I was halfway through devouring my meal before I realized I needed to back track and snap a shot.Service wasn't terrible or rude, but at times it was hard to track someone down. That would be my only complaint, though it's hard to complain when you're drowning in a hot mound of amazing food.So for an omlette plate, my chicken breakfast plate, a full 3 meat breakfast plate, and two coffees, my group bottomed out at about $20 before tip. That's 3 people eating three giant plates of food plus a basket with toast and biscuits in it for less than $7 a piece. You really can't go wrong here, and it gets even cheaper than that depending on what you order. Love.
1	Whoa. So I wrote a review complaining about Greystone being an annoyance in the neighborhood and YELP removed it--obviously because the Greystone people complained. I have eaten there and it is just okay, not bad, not great. Okay. Yelp said my review was not helpful or relevant, but how is it not helpful to tell patrons of a place that the restaurant does not care about the neighbors where it is located or that the food isn't great. Constantly we call on Saturdays about the loud noise from this place and they do nothing. So I am just expressing my opinion. You can go there and enjoy their just okay food and listen to their super loud music that upsets all the neighbors. Feel free.
4	So, Greystone is not the best restaurant on the planet.  Or even in Charlotte.  I've been there a quite a few times now, and here's what keeps me going back:1. The macaroni and cheese - it's pretty darn tasty.  They have some other great sides too.2. They have awesome grits.  Hurray!3. The great prices and big portions.  It's hard to find any place in that area with similar prices.4. Comfort food.  'Nuff said.Their daily specials are generally pretty tasty - I frequently get the Grecian tips or the country steak.  Breakfast specials are pretty cheap; between my partner and I, we can eat there for breakfast for around $10-12 if we both order coffee, or around $8 if we just get water to drink (plus tip, of course).  At lunch or dinner, it's generally less than $20, unless we order beer.  Portion sizes are quite generous, especially when ordering a side of something.  Side dishes (including the macaroni and the grits) can often be split between at least two people, probably more.  They have a decent selection of beer and drink specials.  However, service can be a little slow.  At lunch or dinner during the weekdays, it's not too bad.  You can expect to wait at least 15 minutes for your food, sometimes longer.  Weekends can be a little hectic, and you will have to wait longer still (particularly at Sunday breakfast).  However, I find the servers to be wonderfully friendly and willing to correct your bill if they make a mistake.  They are usually pretty good about coming around to update you about food and refill your drinks.  Rarely do I get bad service here (some of the servers are getting to know us and know we tip fairly well).All in all, I really like this place.  If you're in the mood for comfort food or breakfast for a reasonable price, I'd highly recommend this place.
4	I haven't been here in over a year.Boy have times changed... To start off, when I walked through the outside doors and into the Greystone I honestly must say.. I turned around and looked at the door. As to say, Is this the "GREYstone Restaurant" and not the "GRAYstone Restaurant" (play on words). This place looks 180 degress different from alllllll of my prior visits. A BAR!!! yeah yeah yeah.. They always sold Alcohol, but not as in "Lets go to the bar" type bar. They have beers on tap (OMG, FLAT TIRE ETC...), they have LIQUOR as well. They served me a pretty nice shot of Jack Daniels. (surprise surprise)TVs.. yeah yeah I know, They always had A TV. but now its more than "a" tv.. They have at least 5-7. That may not seem like much but as I said. Its 180 degress different from say a year ago. Plus if you've never been here trust me... 5-7 Tv's (Flat screen not Tube) are a HUGEEEEEE step up. Enjoy.. TIP:Get off at the NEW BERN STATION  and walk across the street to GREYstone. (use less gas, ride public transportation. and this has been my PSA.)
2	I was in Charlotte for the weekend, and I needed a bar with lots of TVs to watch my Rangers. Thankfully, since the game was nationally televised that afternoon, we had plenty of options. We decided on Greystone because it was within stumbling distance of my cousin's place, they had $4 Bloody Marys, and an extensive menu. We arrived around 12:45, shortly after the puck dropped, and took a seat at one of the high bar tables. Before we knew it, it was 12:55 and no one had acknowledged our existence. Mind you, the place was not busy at all. And yes, I'm aware the pace in the South can be very different from the New York tri-state area. However, my Southern companions felt the same way and finally flagged down one of the food runners. We then requested drinks and the Rangers game on the nearest TV. I ordered the grilled pimento cheese. S ordered a hangover breakfast of champions: sausage gravy with biscuits, eggs, home fries, and livermush (very similar to scrapple). The food took awhile to come out and when it did, it was nothing special. I was excited about pimento cheese, having last discovered its greatness when I was in CLT. However, this one was barely melted in the middle and the bread was soggy; it reminded me of school cafeteria grilled cheese. The fries were limp and soggy as well, as if they'd been sitting for a bit. I have no problem with Ore-Ida fries and the like (I actually really like most frozen fries), but they should have been cooked longer, or to order. Needless to say, I left quite a bit on my plate.S ate the eggs and livermush. But his biscuits sat... and sat... and sat... without the sausage gravy. He asked the server twice for it, with no results. By the middle of the Rangers' second period (hockey periods are 20 min plus stoppage), he still had no gravy. Finally, she walked by with a bowl. I think it was intended for someone else until she realized her mistake, and left it with S. It looked coagulated and lumpy, and the biscuits by that time were obviously cold. S didn't complain or send them back though, because he figured that would've been a process for which he didn't feel like waiting.Getting the check and clearing the table was another issue. Clearly we'd been finished for awhile and no one came by to check up or clear the plates. S, still irritated, finally piled everything up at the end of the table and eventually it was taken. I will say, the Bloody Marys were tasty, and the bartender used Absolut Peppar instead of some cheap swill. They had Bell's Amber on tap, which I appreciated since I can't get it where I live. The prices were more than reasonable and the drafts were only $3.50, which may be expensive to some but Heaven for me. Though it took the girl awhile to find NBC (a basic channel!), she accommodated my request for the hockey game. In short, if you're looking for cheap beer and TVs, then go. It's also convenient for those of you who plan on taking the train. But if you're hungry or want attentive service, go somewhere else. I give one star for the drinks/beer selection and another for putting on my game. I would not write off this place all together, and maybe upon my next visit, I can edit this review. But for now, I will say you can do better.
4	This is the last place I ate at while up NORTH area.  came highly recommended by several people in the area especially when getting my car filled up.     Locally owned and visited by regulars, you get a nice comfy feeling walking in.  The servers greeted me politely and were prompt attending my table and getting the drinks out.   I was recommended to try any of the omelets and it was just good.  Simply made and very filling.  Ham, cheese, and onions.  Good flavor, eggs cooked just right.  Two biscuits that were fresh tasting and the hash browns, well, that was there.  On the plate, was not cooked as much as I like but this is the north.  You guys are different.  lol..   Overall I was very happy.  The coffee they serve here is very good and smooth.  Service is excellent, the atmosphere has a local feel to it, large bar on the other side with TV's and with booths.  I would assume a great place to watch the Spurs whoop the Hornet's when they play again.. ha ha..   Total I think I spent a bit of $8 and well worth it.  The lady at the counter told me I should go to Myrtle beach before I left, but I was out of time.  She made it sound so perfect.   Try it, you will like it...
2	This place used to be a breakfast and lunch place. A couple of years ago the redid the place and made it a bar while leaving the majority of the intact. The issue now is the quality is going down and they don't have enough people to take care of you. I don't think we will be going anymore.
3	The breakfast here is great no questions and cheap. But we decided to do dinner on Saturday afternoon, and it's nothing like breakfast there.    The Food was good so thats not the problem, but the service was very very slow and was not crowded. Not to mention was some shady characters hanging out in there and in the shopping center. Maybe lunch would be better and I know breakfast is great, but the crowd this afternoon might keep us away at dinner time.
5	The best breakfast food I've had in a REALLY longtime! My boyfriend & I were visiting from out of town & wanted some good southern breakfast. It was only a few miles away from our hotel. I was pleasantly surprised by the interior...looked either renovated or well kept. We ordered OJ & grapefruit juice, both tasted extremely concentrated. I had an omelet which was AMAZING w/ grits which were creamy & perfect. I ate every last bit! My boyfriend ordered hasbrowns w/ bacon & sauage & eggs...he said it was good. Def recommend this spot for breakfast can't vouch for the other meals
4	Great, cheap breakfast food.  We tend to come here when the pancake house is overflowing. I've also discovered it's a great quiet hang out spot in the evenings, even on weekends.  They have a surprisingly good beer list & even have Abita's root beer on tap (which is awesome).  I get tired of trying to yell over the din in uptown bars so we frequently come to Greystone where we can have actual conversations without screaming.  my one complaint - they let people smoke on the patio & when it's warm out there are always smokers out there.
1	Well, I'm in town to see my uncle. He said this place was amazing, but has gone a bit downhillk as of lately. That's the understatement of the year. We were almost through with our meals when a cockroach crawled out of the basket that held the biscuits. Needless to say, we didn't pay and left immediately. Besides that, the food was mediocre at best.
4	Very solid diner. I love how you have the option of getting mashed potatoes with your sandwich. Excellent breakfast too. Hidden gem in south end.
1	My wife has never been a fan even of the breakfast(like I have always been).So yesterday before Xmas shopping we stopped by for breakfast, and now I have the same feelings she does. To start off they was out of eggs and someone had run out to get them! We sit in the bar area and it was kinda dirty and food just wasn't good and this one hurt cause she always says its not that good and I have to agree now!
3	We live close by and like to come for occasional breakfast.  Breakfast is not a difficult meal to do.  I like the remodeling, food is ok.  Last time I went the ketchup in the squirt bottles was fermented.  Please clean those nasty bottles and refill with fresh ketchup.
1	The worst place I've been too!Burnt so called hash browns, burnt french toast. Very dry pancakes and crumbles to pieces. I don't recommend going for breakfast. You're welcomed to see for yourself.
1	Probably one of the worst experiences ever. First, we were told they don't have a menu handy but had everything for breakfast except for avocado. When I ordered 2 eggs over easy, home fries crispy (well done) with a bagel was told that they don't have bagels. Asked for English muffin advised they only have toast. Wheat or white. My boyfriend ordered liver mush. They didn't have that either. So basically eggs and potatoes. My food came and the potatoes were under cooked-almost raw. 3 other tables walked in and come to find out there is only one server and one cook. A few tables walked out. Never again.
3	Remodeled a few years ago - nice job modernizing in bar area.Breakfast is classic dinner style food.  Pancakes are huge, country ham is salty (as it should be)....
4	Greystone is definitely getting better in terms of atmosphere.  Step into this diveyish restaurant that has been a breakfast staple for years.  The menu has been changed, but they kept some of my favorites like their Gyro.  The lamb is very thing sliced and is seasoned pretty damn good.  New TVs had been added and they do have the NFL package.  Their draft menu is pretty decent and they usually run a bunch of specials.  This is my go to spot to watch football when the other places are packed.
