5	Great little, off the beaten path seafood market that you would NEVER think about stopping at. Its in a little strip center across the street from Green Valley HS between the barber shop and the Army recruiting office with a little sign that just says "seafood". I stop by here any time I want fresh seafood to make at home. They also have sushi to go. (a little) The display of the seafood isnt impressive at all, but if you ask for something specific, He will get it out of the back, and it has always been good for me. I asked for sashimi grade tuna last time I was there, and it was some on the best tuna I have ever had. He had 3 different "grades" of tuna ranging in price from $7 a pound up to $27 a pound. I went with the middle grade ($16), and it was really good. Cant imagine what the good stuff was like. :) They also have great fresh oysters, and live lobsters. There is also a display case full of freshly made seafood salads. The Tako salad (octopus) is my favorite, and the Ahi Poke is really good too. A great place to pick up fish, or seafood if you are into making your own sushi, like I am.
4	I loved going to this place when I lived out here from 2005-2009 and I still really miss it. They were another one of my weekly rituals. After the closing of the Sunset Rd. location of Miles Bake Shop & Hawaiian Food, I had no easy access to good Poke (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poke_(Hawaii)). This guy makes some delicious Poke! He makes at least 3-4 different kinds daily from the simple basic soy to more interesting ones with hot sauce and seaweed utilizing all of the fresh ingredients he has on hand - tako, ahi, salmon, etc. Definitely ono-licious. I've tried some of the handmade sushi to go as well and they're good for a quick fix when you're in a pinch. Very cheap too! Besides all of the fresh fish and prepared foods, he still stocks some basic ingredients to go along with this stuff - some freezer and refrigerated items (e.g., dumplings, mochi, etc). While I prefer the poke at Miles Hawaiian Bake Shop, this place is a great find in the Henderson/Green Valley area and definitely worth visiting if you've got a craving for Poke!
4	The never ending quest for delicious poke continues.  I already love the poke from Poke Express in North Las Vegas, but decided to check out Pacific Seafood to see what their version is like.Located across from Green Valley High School, it can be easily missed as it's a small shop.  Walking in, you get the impression it's more of a small grocery store than a place that offers poke, but it does.  The seafood display is to the right, and there's a small offering of premade sushi available too.  Refrigerators and freezers also contain many imported items.I decided to take home two of their items - Limu Poke ($10.95/lb) and the Ika Sansai ($10.45/lb).  The limu poke was good, but the Husband does like the way Poke Express makes theirs.  The Ika Sansai was also tasty, but it's more of a cooked squid dish.  I wish I could have sampled them all, but I didn't get the impression that samples were available.  (Maybe I'm wrong.)Nonetheless, they do offer quite a variety.Ahi Shoyu PokeLimu PokeTako PokeCrab PokeMussel PokeSeaweed KimcheeSquid KimcheeLomi SalmonBaby TakoOne has to love a place that offers poke, and they do have their fare share.  Not sure how quick the turnaround is on their items though since it seems a bit slow.I'll have to go back to check out their raw fish to make my own sushi and poke.
4	Thanks Teri for reminding me to write this.I have been to Pacific Seafood enough to write a review :)This place is a tiny little gem next to the armed forces recruiting center on Arroyo Grande and Warm Springs.Things I like: fresh fish cut for you!  sashimi quality cuts of tuna, salmon, octopus!  tons of poke!!  I personally luv the mussel poke!  Individually wrapped frozen soft shell crabs!!! (168 Market got rid of these in their set of 6 when they switched from Diho, so this is the go-to place for SSCrabs!)  Roes, Asian sauces, etc.Small place, fresh fish, locally owned!
4	For you poke lovers in Henderson.....I go here almost every weekend....especially during football season. The poke here is fresh. He adds the ingredients to the poke when you order it so your fish doesn't get too soggy. He also sells good sushi and cone sushi. There are other local stuff in this store. His Taegu is delicious. Live lobster to buy. He has a good variety of things, but because his store is a little small he doesn't have a lot of stuff. However, it is good stuff.
5	this place is great.hawaii cheap prices for good quality sashimi grade fish.  some of the cuts may be a little lower quality, but it's definitely worth it for the price.  12/lb for salmon, comparative to the 30/lb at whole foods.
5	If you need some fresh fish, this is the place to go.  Pacific Seafood is where I come to get my raw sashimi cuts to make sushi at home.  The fish is always good and the fish prices are just as good too.  I also picked up a pound of poke here once and it was sooooo killer!  I noticed they put kukui nut in their poke recipe.  Talk about island stylings.  It's been so long since I've had "traditional" Hawai'i aunty-style poke like this haha.  If you're into taegu as well, be sure to pick some up here because their taegu is pretty dang tasty.  The lady who works there is super nice and, I don't know how she knew, but she spoke to me in Japanese like I knew what she was talking about.  Funny thing is.. I understand Japanese but I never speak it?  I don't think I look Japanese as well?  Maybe I said shoyu instead of soy sauce and got her in the mood?  Haha who knows...but if you're into brushing up on your Japanese linguistic skills, be sure to jump right in whenever you're ready lol.  Psychic ladies and killer fish.  Definitely a good, but interesting, experience.
5	Just stopped in a few minutes ago. Could NOT wait to open up my pound of mussel poke & taegu! Amaaaaaazing flavor on both items! Thanks to Bronsen K for the freakin' great recommendation! Definitely coming back here soon!
5	Love this place! It is definitely a hole-in-the-wall, I drove past the place twice before realizing where it was. They have the best sushi grade tuna and salmon I have found in Vegas. The lady who works there is so sweet and the owner, who also works there, use to be a head sushi chef. Pacific Seafood Inc. is awesome!
5	Loved this place.  However, stopped in last week and the place was closed forever!!  Don't know where to get all the fresh seafood goodies they readily had.  So sad :(
