4	patisseries...yam
4	Delicious breakfast and croissants nice neighborhood hang out (outrermont)Highly recommended
5	Paltoquet is a pretty awesome little cafe / patisserie.  The only trick is getting a table.The croissants were apparently voted some of the best in Montreal, and I believe it.  They are incredible.  The breakfast/brunch is pretty spectacular - simple flavours but just very well done.  I particularly love the oeufs paltoquet, which are a lovely combination of eggs, ham, and cheese that is delish, but all the combinations are delish.  For a very simple snack, try the "croissant avec confiture" (croissant with jam).  Yum.The desserts and cakes are also pretty awesome.  The pista-choc is to DIE FOR.If you plan to go with kids be aware that there is NO room inside for a stroller, and the only high chair they have is really only good for kids old enough to not need a highchair.  Be prepared to have baby on your lap.  But the food is so good it is totally worth it.The only drawback of Paltoquet is that it has a lot of regulars who hang out all morning and make it hard to get a table.  It's just so good that no one wants to leave!
5	les gateaux sont delicieux certe !! mais moi c'est des croissants que je raffole  ils sont  tellement bont que c'est difficile d'en manger un seul !! les chocolatines  sont tres bonnes aussi soit dit en passant  !!  pour moi c'est encore les meilleurs croissants en ville ! je les mangerais avec une pelle :)
5	This had some of the best croissants/french breakfast I have had since I lived in Belgium and France. So I pretty much had like 3 croissants the first morning I came here. It's simply a lovely neighborhood cafe with excellent breakfast, fresh juices, bowls of coffee and amazing  baked goods. We ate here 3-4 mornings while in Montreal and felt like we were cheating when we ate anywhere else. You'll need some french to order, this is a neighborhood spot where everyone speaks it, and the patrons might do a double take if they hear you speaking english... but fuck it, the food is damn amazing.
5	The almond croissants are to die for. Worth making the trip from the other end of the island for!   Flaky and buttery with a delicious almond paste of some sort in the middle.  Can't wait to go back for more!
