5	CPR came to the rescue when my daughter's iPod that she got for her birthday broke the first day she had it. They solved the problem with reasonable prices. The staff was extremely friendly. They even put on my daughter's favorite show on their TV while we waited. If you have anything wrong with your phone or electronic device, take it to them. They will get it fixed!
5	This place was awesome! I had a broken Galaxy Nexus that wouldn't charge and they re-soldered it and did everything they could to get it working. They are extremely knowledgeable and will show you what's broken. In the end, the charging port was fried, but they sold me an older, used phone on the cheap to hold me over until I can afford a new phone. I got scrap value for my old phone, and they activated the replacement for me. Really great service and attitudes!
5	They are awesome!!!  This isn't one of those sketchy cell phone places.  I have a nexus 4 that the screen cracked and it became totally inoperable.  I went online and saw that this was not a routine fix.  It was pretty much past the price point of fixing it and rather getting a new phone would be the better option.  Well not only did they do it much cheaper than anticipated they also did it not only in the same day but less than a half an hour too!!!
5	Do you know what happens when you drop your cell phone and it lands the wrong way? Of course you do, why else would you be searching for cell phone repair companies?Mine took a dive off of an end table and landed on its side.  The phone still worked but the display was shot. I could see some spiderweb cracks under, not on, the glass and thought, "uh oh".Well, "uh oh" was an understatement. One of the more expensive repairs you can have done to your phone is break the LCD. That's what I did.  I was told it would take 3 or 4 days to fix the phone because they needed the part. They were kind enough to give me a loaner and transferred my phone number to it.  To my surprise, they called the next day and said they got some LCDs in so the phone was fixed and ready to pick up.Nice, friendly, and very knowledgeable people.  BTW, my phone now has an Otterbox Defender case - yes, the phone is bulkier now but I'd like to avoid the repair bill in the future.
5	I'm writing this on behalf of my brother, who was home on leave from the navy this past winter and came home with a smashed screen on his Galaxy S3! Although the screen was somewhat functional, the touch response would diminishing and parts of the LCD were starting to bleed so it was time for a replacement. We went in and we were quoted a price up front and just a couple short hours later my brother's phone was looking and functioning like a brand new device! The staff there is extremely friendly and knowledgeable, and I've recommended them to several other friends and colleagues that have used them with great result. Great job!
5	WOW!  CPR was amazing from my first phone call through the completion of my cell phone repair and payment.  I called other businesses for cell phone repair and they were way more expensive and repair time was 2+ hours.  I went to CPR at the Pavilions in Scottsdale and the service was amazing, the price was great and the employees were awesome to deal with!  The Yelp coupon for CPR was the icing on the cake!  Thanks CPR and Yelp.  You make a great team!!!
5	Great communication from this store. Very knowledgeable and friendly! Would definitely recommend to friends and family.
3	I e-mailed to get a price on my cell phone repair for a lens replacement.  I was quoted $99 but when I arrived at the shop I was told $149. They said I had e-mailed the wrong model.  Hmmmmm......I e-mailed the model number so I am not sure how that happened.  They did a good job replacing the lens.
5	I used CPR Cell Phone Repair yesterday to get my iPhone 5 screen repaired.  I was very happy with the service and the price was comparable to other repair shops I called in my area.  They told me my phone would be done in an hour and gave us a call to let me know it was done.  They also offered to put a protection screen on the phone for an extra $30.  I opted not to do that but I thought the owner was offering it to help me out against future screen cracks rather than being pushy.  The location is very convenient, it is right off the 101 and Indian Bend between Target and Ross.
5	Gave a very honest answer about my new LG G3... Said that it would be better to use my Sprint insurance instead of go through them. Wow...  Not many stand up companies like that out there!
5	CPR cell phone repair is a Good, Ethical, Honest company! I am VERY happy with the service that was provided and I definitely recommend them to anyone. Good prices, Great work and Honest people= 5 stars *****
5	My iphone 4s was already in bad shape, and on a Friday afternoon I dropped it and the entire screen flew off. Despite my efforts to press it back on, it would not turn on. I was so stressed because I had so much to do that evening and the following day and I could not afford a new phone! I plugged it into my charger and it vibrated like it was charging so I knew it was most likely just the screen and it could be fixed. I took it down to CPR on my lunch break and was greeted by a guy who was super nice but also quick and to the point which is what I needed because I didn't have a lot of time. He told me he'd have it done in 45 minutes. I went and grabbed some lunch, came back and it was done! Brand new screen and worked perfectly, out the door for $70 and in under an hour.I'm so glad I found them. I've had a nightmare trying to get a screen replaced elsewhere even though it's a simple fix. I'd highly recommend them!
4	Got this yelp deal for my girlfriend's iphone 4s. She had a cracked screen (again...*sigh*) We went in, the tech was super friendly and helpful. Everything was very simple, told us it could take up to 30 minutes, we went next door to barros for a slice and a beer and 20 minutes later as we were wrapping I get a call that the screen was already done. Excellent screen, not one of those cheap ones that smears easily. They did a great job, will definitely use again when she inevitably finds another unique way to crack her screen.
5	Got some water on my Samsung Galaxy3. After putting in the sun the phone would ring but the LCD Screen would not come on (found out later it was short-circuited OUT) from the small amount of water that got on the phone.(Bummer). Went to CPR Scottsdale . Anthony @CPR had me fixed up and out the door in 30 minutes. Was happy to pay the fee for a new LCD screen compared to dealing with insurance, lost time waiting on replacement, using a lousy loaner phone for a week and best of all. I lost no contact or texts !. PS had I not gone in to Cell Phone Repair  the water trapped inside would've caused corrosion to the phone and the replacement cost totally outweighed the repair cost. Before tossing out a phone go so the people at CPR. Side note -They are real knowledgeable about which smart phone is best for your needs and they have a lot of re-conditioned phones for sale that look great..
5	This place is awesome! The staff is super friendly and fast! My phone screen replacement was relatively cheap and only took 15 minutes to fix. Other places were charging over $100! These guys are honest and reliable! I would go to them again for a screen replacement!
5	Quick speedy service at reasonable price.  My toddler dropped my Galaxy S4 one too many times on tile floors.  I knew it was only a matter of time before my screen met its demise.  One drop too many, and I started searching local spots to replace my screen.  This place was a great find!  The prices are not dirt cheap, but still very competitive compared to other places I shopped around.  I wouldn't feel comfortable leaving my phone with just anybody, so I don't mind a bit extra for piece of mind.  After all, we carry our lives around on our phones these days--and I can only sanitize so much (heh).The guy at the front of the desk was knowledgeable and gave me a few options for upgraded services (without the annoying upcharge hard sell). They are fairly quick and do quality work.  Glad to have a new 'go to' spot for cell repair.
5	Since I am technically challenged, I walked into CPR Cell Phone Repair on Indian Bend Road with some trepidation. My Samsung S4 was not working properly, but this store had been recommended to me, so I decided to give it a go. I was met by a sharp young guy (I'm old, so everyone is young to me!! :) who reassured me all was not lost and had me out the door in 10 minutes. I was so impressed with the expert service that I later called the store to find out how to write a review. (Remember, I'm technically challenged!) I would recommend this store to anyone!
5	These guys were great! We had no choice in needing a new LCD screen and touch screen.  They had the parts in stock & it only took them and hire to fix it.  Better priced than any other place...about $50 cheaper.  Not a typical price for Scottsdale.
5	I came in today to repair my iPhone 5cs screen, glass and LCD. The price was reasonable, and they gave me a discount on the tempered glass I requested as an add on. The service was speedy. Not only that, when I picked my phone up later that day, they had charged it to full battery for me! Great customer service, very friendly. I was very satisfied!
