5	Where to start... I have trained in traditional martial arts as well as MMA based martial arts for 20 years now and can say without a doubt Reality Defense Training is the best place I have ever trained.  My first class was free and the instructors are great.My wife and two daughters, one 12 and one 20, also train there with Kristie, the women's instructor.  The class sizes are small, which really helps me learn.  Also, they use a straight forward curriculum which ensures I progress quickly.They teach hand to hand, knife, stick classes as well as grappling defense.  The fear management/REDMAN classes are superb.I love the reality based self defense aspect rather than the MMA/sport side, which most of the other schools in the area are focused on.  I highly recommend them.
5	Reality Defense Training rocks.  I was looking for a place that focused on true self defense, not MMA (Mixed Martial Arts).  The instructors are great and have programs for adults and children as well as specialty programs for women, weapons and fear management.  I wanted to my wife and two daughters to have a place where they could learn the physical and pyschological skills needed to survive a home invasion or attack and that is exactly what we got.  I highly recommend
5	Troy and all of his instructors do an excellent job teaching to all ranges of students ranging from the beginning student looking for basic self defense training and including those who have vast experience. When I began my training over a year ago I had zero self defense training. Today I'm extremely confident in my abilities and feel that I am constantly improving in my skills and fitness levels. I plan on continuing my education with Troy and his staff well into the future, and I highly recommend Reality Defense Training.
5	RDT..... I love this place. I have been training here a little over a year and I'm still learning new things. The classes are fun and a great workout but but the redman classes are my favorite. If you are looking for a real self defense class and don't mind some good exercise at the same time this is the place for you.
5	I have been training here many years and continue to recommend them for anyone that is interested in being prepared for a home invasion or random act of violence that might happen.  MMA is great for athletes but rarely stresses the violence of an event that affects real people in real situations.They recently added a new childrens, youth and teens programs which is great.
5	This is real life scenario training-not your typical competition training. I learned more in one day that has transformed my approach to self defense for myself and my family. This class is a must take for moms. All fitness levels accommodated in the class.
