5	Going on 3 weeks now of my residency. I have to admit, there have been some mechanical issues that are frustrating, but I've been through this before (moving into a brand new building), so I know these issues aren't too common... I would be more impressed with faster responses from the maintenance- but that's that.Its crazy that every single place here is different. I LOVE my place, it was made for me- bachelorette pad :) and I feel good knowing no one else has a condo like it. The finishing really make my place awesome- and the windows are exquisite, but we will see if they result in a higher electric bill in the summer months.The onsite benefits are great- my dog LOVES the park out back, and I can't wait to use the new movie theater and pool. The vibe is young and lively, but more professional then neighboring communities. I moved from Ogden when it got a little too party happy for me. The security is great- which is important for me being downtown. For me though, its more of the area versus the Juhl. I can't wait to see what goes in their retail shops. There are crazy changes going on downtown and I'm stoked to be in the middle of it.Update 8/2013- This place is awesome- wins my vote 110%
4	I've been living here for three months now. At first I was an unfettered super fan, and then really kind of annoyed by some issues from the new building status, and now it seems to be mellowing into a really awesome place.We did lose some great concierge people, though, during the dark times -- which I hope are over now! -- but Jeffa has been consistently awesome and we need to get and keep more people like him. He has known my name since day 2, gets along with people from all walks of life, chats if I want to talk, doesn't chat if I don't want to talk, introduces people, can tell you where to go and/or what to do downtown, and is generally just a really positive, affable, pleasant addition to the building. And I don't say that lightly, given that I can be super critical and sometimes pissy when I come home after a long day, but I'm always happy to see him! Alex in maintenance is also super great and has done me many a solid, above and beyond his job duties.For those who are thinking about moving here, I say do it. I love working downtown and living downtown. The units are beautiful. The location is great -- just far enough from fremont to be mellow but still peripherally in the mix. It IS a bit of a project picking out a place because each place is unique and there is no book or spreadsheet. Bring comfortable shoes and be prepared to make a time investment.
3	It looks so cool in their pictures and the deals they are posting online, but it not that great!I was looking for a loft style place to move to, wish this would have been the one. Took a look at what was suppose to be a studio,a 600 sf studio, where you might have enough space for a couch and a TV... Most of their one bedrooms are just one open space... You could probably fit your bed and a desk, a small one! So I tried a "two" bedrooms apartment ...another one open space, a little bit bigger, but not by much...so here I was, going from a $1000 rent to a $1500 rent and still not finding a place big enough to accommodate my bed, desk and my couch...the pool was great, with cabanas, but was not worth it the rent...this is not LA...
1	When we first moved to Juhl, it seemed to be an improvement from the Ogden, where we had previously lived. The Ogden was overrun with young, drunk, high hipsters who had no regard for their neighbors. I thought we had at least moved away from that but I was mistaken. The quality and safety of the neighborhood, both inside and outside of the building, seems to have deteriorated lately.A few weeks ago on Saturday morning I was walking my dog on the sidewalk near the West entrance and was accosted by a man clearly under the influence of something who saw me and made a path straight towards me. I was able to deal with him and offered him a handful of dog poop in his face if he didn't turn around and walk away. Just a couple of days ago, I was once again harassed by a drunk man on the East side of the building who thought I wanted to hug him. No thank you.Most of the time, the Security guards are either sitting behind the building smoking, talking on their cell phone, or lounging in a chair at the Concierge desk almost asleep. Yesterday I saw what must have been the only Security person on duty lounging in the office at the front of the building, playing with an ipad. They seem very detached, uninterested and indifferent to the residents, who should be here, what should be going on, what shouldn't be going on and what their jobs entail. As far as I can tell, they are doing absolutely nothing here to add to the safety or the quality of life in this building. It also seems that lately the resident population has taken a downturn. I see a lot of poorly behaved people who appear to have no upbringing, no manners, no respect for others. Alone, they're questionable, then they bring their friends over to hang out by the pool. At any given time I would guess that the Guest to Resident ratio at the pool is about 5 to 1. I won't even go out there because I don't enjoy the noise, the loud music and birthday parties for kids that probably don't even live here - really?! If I wanted a pool party, I would go to Encore Beach Club. At home, a little more peace, quiet and civility would be great.The back gate of the parking garage continues to be an issue. Several times a week I come home to find a car loitering outside the gates just waiting for someone who lives here to come along and open it so they can tailgate in. Although the sign says "No Tailgating", the gate has a sensor that stops it and opens it back up when another car gets underneath it. Who are these people? Do they live here? If so, they need to get their own security fob. If they don't live here, they shouldn't be in the parking garage. Last year I did overhear a very interesting conversation at the Concierge desk. Some guy came to the front desk wanting to know how to get to the parking garage because he "followed his friends into the garage last night and parked in their space." When he was asked to name his "friends", he couldn't. The more likely scenario was that he was their "dealer" (and I don't mean blackjack).All in all, lately we are very disappointed with our quality of life here. We are great tenants, we always pay our rent on time, never cause any problems whatsoever, take great care of our unit and are respectful of everyone else here regardless of their own actions. However, I feel like I'm paying $2,000/month to live in a glorified ghetto trailer park. If you like ghetto, you'll LOVE Juhl. If not, look elsewhere!
2	My husband and I are actually pretty disappointed and discouraged with things at the Juhl as of late. The building was purchased by a new owner earlier this year, and we couldn't tell much difference at first, but things have gotten really bad lately (July 2014).First, they let all the outstanding contracts they had with the security and cleaning crews run out and went with cheaper companies. It really shows. It may not sound like a big deal, but when you're living in a high-rise building, those companies are crucial to the well-being of the building and can really make or break the whole living situation. One of the things I loved about living at Juhl in the past was that the common areas were so well taken care of and the building's staff took pride in them. The elevators, floors, carpets, stairwells were always clean, pool chairs were always picked up and organized after every day, etc. With the changing of security, cleaning, and maintenance there have been and still continue to be several things falling through the cracks and with our rent increasing so much ($200 *per month* when we re-signed) it makes us wonder why?For a period of about 2 weeks, there was no security on duty at night (not sure about during the day). For days, we would be taking our dog for a walk late and no one was around and it made it feel pretty unsafe. There were multiple occasions where I would come back in after midnight and the front door to the building was just wide open. It was the first time since we moved here that we felt the need to lock our apartment door because we did not feel safe. The security seems a lot less engaged than the past company -- they're all just sitting on their cell phones or are just plain MIA. One of the main reasons I moved here into an "up and coming" (aka sketchy at times) neighborhood was because they had a full security team 24 hours a day -- totally unimpressed with how things are going now. Additionally, there are lights out in the garage causing several dark areas making it feel a bit uneasy when heading in there late at night because some non-residents tailgate into the garage and again (noticing a theme here?) nobody cares. For the last month or so, the cleaning of the building has be pitiful. Before, the cleaning crew would come through and make sure the hallways were cleaned, vacuumed, and looking nice. They would walk through the garage and clean up the junk people left. They would go into the stairwells and make sure things were clean. They would go in the pool area and clean up trash, put chairs and tables back in their place. None of that happens anymore. Plus, the outside of the building is absolutely disgusting. Some of the disgusting residents at Juhl think it's okay to not pick up after their dogs ... all around the building ... and that has not been cleaned in weeks. It is really bad.So anyway, a lot of change around here in a short period of time, and not in a good way. I loved living here my first year, but am really wishing we didn't resign our lease. And just to be clear, I'm not expecting it to be the "perfect building" -- it wasn't ever the perfect building, but I enjoyed living here and felt like everyone who worked here generally did the best they could and were trying to keep things maintained. I don't feel that way any longer. On a positive note, they do have cool social events if you are a resident. And the front desk staff (albeit their super high turnover) is really nice.
1	This place is overpriced and I didn't feel safe in the area, especially considering how much I paid for in rent. There are homeless people everywhere and as a single female walking my dog at night I literally had to carry a taser with me. I never had to use it thankfully, but it felt necessary.When I moved out I had to put down a $500 deposit to reserve the elevator. However the day before I was supposed to move out, the service elevator broke. No one from HOA or leasing contacted me to notify me that I would not have the service elevator and I would have to share the residential elevator. Instead I find out the day of, meanwhile they didn't even have me in their system to move out.  So because of their un-organization and lack of communication it took my movers 5 hours to move my one bedroom apartment when it should have taken 2. I was charged by the hour and ended up paying several hundred dollars more than I should have. I contacted leasing and HOA  and they refuse to reimburse me. This place left a horrible taste in my mouth as they are so unorganized and because of that I  had to bare the burden and pay the price. Don't live here!!
5	Astounding amenities. Beautiful design in the building. The H.O.A. and leasing dept go above and beyond to ensure your living experience at juhl is first rate! The secuirty is always around and i feel protected at all times. Good location and an overall wonderful experience. Would recommend!
5	Just moved into Juhl.  I recently moved from San Diego and had a place in a high-rise similar to Juhl.  Been very pleased with the facility, amentities, and staff.  The staff has really been awesome, always helpful and available.  Sokha, specifically, has been fantastic - she continues to be great with answering my questions and making my transition smooth.  Everyone staffed there brings a smile and a positive attitude - very cool!  Excited about my condo and look forward to morepositive experiences at Juhl.
4	This place seems to have gotten its act together again and a lot of the issues I wrote about have been resolved. Hooray! Another exciting development is that they are starting to fill the retail spaces on the first level.
