1	This Wal-Mart can be summed up in one word: Dirty. This has to be the oldest Wal-Mart in the Mesa/Phoenix area and you can tell before you even step foot into the store! For starters, the parking lot looks like a 'stop-n-swap' meet where everyone brings their junk and sets it up in the back of their cars. There is trash everywhere and everything is rundown. Then you go into the store and the flooring is old and gross, the lighting is bad and it has a weird smell. If you happen to need something and you can't find another store near by, this Wal-Mart still has great Wal-Mart prices and the people working and shopping there are really nice. BUT! Do not use their self checkouts!! You have been warned! Here's what happened to me: I scanned two items that I kept in the cart so I pushed that "I do not want to bag this item" twice, the scanner was having a really hard time picking up the bar codes so I had to very slowly repeat my waiving motion over the lasers. Any ways, I get to my next item and it's super light so when I put it in the bag it was like "would you like to bag this item" and since it wasn't picking it up, I just hit the "I do not want to bag this item" button again. Well...that was the 3rd item I didn't want to bag so it triggered an alert and I needed a 'Store log in" The attendant was helping someone else so I sat there...and sat...until the guy came and fixed it for me. Then I got to scan my next item (super glue) - I guess super glue is a controlled item because, again, I needed an override. Okay, I finish up checking out and request $100 back...bad idea I come to find out - the machine only gives me half the change in $10s, but it's still making noises like it's trying to get money out to me. I call my helper over and he kicks the machine and it shoots out two $5s...the thing sounds like it's dying...so my helper calls over to a coworker, who comes over and says "Well you've got to kick it, did you kick it yet" So apparently this happens a lot. I think at the thought of being kicked again the machine spits out the rest of my change in $5s, in a mad panic and falls silent. What an experience.
1	I was happy to find a couple pairs of purple slacks--which I hadn't seen in there for years, but on the way out I slipped in a puddle of what appeared to be spilled soap.  I didn't fall, just slid, but it scared me.  Yikes!  There was only one person ahead of me in line so as soon as she was done I notified the cashier about the spill.  He didn't look too concerned so I added, "If an older person falls in that it's automatic broken bones."  Still no reaction.  "Guaranteed" I said.  He proceeded to ring up my 4 items. As one, then two more customers came up behind me, I warned them to watch out for the puddle.  After I paid, he hollared to someone to get somebody over for a cleanup.  I went to find a manager.  At customer service the gal wouldn't call a manager but listened to me relate the situation.  I told her, the safety of your customers should have been more important than me, than ringing up my sale before cleaning it up or marking it to warn others.  I was willing to wait.  I still didn't feel like was being taken seriously so here I am telling it again. Is anybody listening?
1	If I could give this store negative stars, I would.  I went in there on Sunday to shop for some pants for my daughter.  She is short and wide (she has down syndrome) and there are some pull on pants with pockets that she loves there, deep pockets for her cell phone.  We find 4 pair of pants in her size (amazing in itself), I got an article of clothing , and I got a printer cable.  As usual, there were only 3 cash registers open (on a sunday at noon)  so we go through the help yourself aisle.  Line moves fast and I notice that that there is a person standing right in the middle of the do it yourself lines ringing people up also, so as it's my turn, I can either pick a do it yourself or go to her, so I go to her (don't like the do it yourself).  I have 6 items, 4 exactly the same.  She tell me "you have too many items, I can't help  you."  Really, 6 items is too many for you?  So as usual, poor customer service in this store.  So I turn around, and of course every one of the do it yourself registers are now full.  So not only can she not help me, because I have 6 items (too many for her little Walmart brain to handle) but I now get to stand in line again.  I walked.  I have had very poor customer service in this store again and again, and I keep coming back.  This was the last straw.  I  have also written Walmart, and I bet you money that I will never hear from them.  It's all about volume for this company, they could really give a shit about customer service.  As long as all the people come to their stores and spend money, that's all this corporation cares about.  Do yourself a favor and stay away from Walmart.  I know they are less expensive that Safeway, but not at the expense of your sanity, and if you expect anything resembling customer service, you won't get it here.  STAY AWAY!
1	Have never heard a word from corporate, even an apology email would have been nice.  I'd be willing to bet they get SO MANY complaint letters they just can't keep up.  Or they just don't give a shit.  My money is on the second.
5	I use the pharmacy here, and the staff is really helpful and nice. I haven't had any problems returning product yet at this location, and it's alot better here than at other Walmarts in my opinion. I bought a carpet cleaner once, but it was too small for my needs, and they took it back, no questions asked, and refunded my money, such a nice store! obviously the pharmacy has me hooked (ha ha) so I guess I will be coming back to this location in the future, like this morning! :)
5	Yes.It just does not get any better for people watching.The heavy woman with the tight Cardinals t-shirt and shorts that crept into the moist and dark gap of her legs. Each step seemed labored. The noise of her sweaty thighs grinding and slipping on each other sounded like a child eating pudding.The slutty looking girl with a low-riding blouse that barely covered the rims of her areolae - each as pink as a kitten's nose.The gruff looking guy that probably had a necklace made of ears in Vietnam. This place is fantastic for the variety of the trainwrecks that shop the aisles.And the prices aren't so bad either.
2	This location is closest to my house, but like the other reviewers, this is a really rundown, raggety, dirty, smelly location. There are some really nice people that work here, but that doesn't always cut it. It's always busy, with never enough cashiers. And talk about 'People of WalMart'!!! This place is crawling with some real pieces of work.
3	Where the heck are the blue shopping baskets?!Out of the dozens of times we have come to this location, I think we have seen the blue shopping baskets maybe twice; I don't want to use a shopping cart for 3 items, and I don't want to awkwardly carry stuff while I look around at other products in the store.Anyway, Wal-Mart has low prices for sure. We don't usually get produce or meat from here, but packaged food prices are usually the same or lower than some grocery stores. Home goods and health and beauty items are priced well and typically beat other department stores.I rarely am able to find someone to help look for something, and if I do, they don't have much pep in their step or enthusiasm. Seldom do employees go above and beyond to help customers.Customer service line is always slow, but we don't very often have a problem with returns, no-receipt returns, or exchanges; they are usually accommodating. This location is fairly clean, has a large parking lot with wide lanes, and has a fairly good selection of food and home goods.
3	Get in and get out! Dont fall into the wal-mart trap!
1	Terrible. Terrible. Terrible. In every way this place is a hell-hole and it's terrible. Do not buy meat or produce from here. Take my word for it, you will be sorry. Customer service is non-existent. Cheap prices but it is never an easy in & out at this place. Over crowded with trashy people. I'm so sick of this place I just cannot go back. I've been to other Wal-Marts that are not this terrible.
1	Ugh! Walmart. I wish the staff here cared more.
1	Worst services I have ever experienced!!! They are slow, I swear they hire retarded people to work there, you would get better customer service and smarter people if you put McDonalds workers in there!! Total assholes, Worst customer services I ever experienced! I will NEVER use them again! This review is regarding the Vision Center!
1	READ MY WORDS PEOPLE:DO NOT GET YOUR VEHICLE WORKED ON IN ANY WAY AT THIS LOCATION!They had my vehicle in  for a simple oil change and an hour later it was torn apart with no end in sight. I had to take the unbolted pieces  home myself and reinstall them.They moved slower than slow and  between 6 of them.....they were all on breaks at one time. I actually had to rescue my vehicle from them!As an ex- mechanic of twenty years, i have a keen sense of  clueless repair people and this was a graduating class. Stocking shelves....fine but trusting them with your vehicle is a no go. I have dealt with knowledgeable techs at other locations but this location really needs an overhaul. Steer clear and hopefully someone who cares in the management dept there will see this!!Ruined my whole day !
1	Just go to Fry's just a little further eat off baseline and gilbert rd. this place is awful.
1	I was appalled by the lack of customer service here. Went into this particular Walmart because I was looking for a spice that was only sold a few places in town. 1st tip, don't ever go here on the weekends. It is so packed you would think they were giving away free food. The spice was not on the rack so I asked an employee if they could check to see if they had it. The employee proceeded to ask the manager on duty. He blatantly told me that he was too busy and that he wouldn't know when he would be able to find that out for me. WOW. Are you serious? Then he proceeded to go on about his way. I asked him how long I would have to wait and he said he didn't know and that he would page someone to see if they are still on the clock to help me. After waiting about 20 min he turns around and says, "oh, didn't know you were still actually waiting." And this is their manager? A young man with blonde hair and glasses.  Anyways I hope to God I will never have to shop there again
5	I have been going to this store for several years now, It is open 24 hours, and it is a nice store. The staff have always been nice. I can always find what I am looking for, and if not- I know there are other Walmarts that might have it not too far from this one. They have some other great businesses in the area too, so I think it is a really good location. It seems to be pretty busy, but I love the fact it is open 24/7. I will continue to do business at this location. Thank you Walmart staff for your honest work.
3	As far as Walmart goes, this is probably one of the best in the area.  Items are in stockMore often than not.  Sure, the store is dirty, but for a Walmart it's not all that bad.  I prefer this Walmart to others that are closer to me.
1	If you love long lines and only 4 or less lanes open, then this is the place to be. The lines are long and the cashiers are usually old people who take their time with everything.
1	I used to work for Walmart when I first got out of college in 94'. Then Walmart was about the customer. Now in two consecutive trips to Walmart I've been treated like dirt by three different employees. The people they have working there are more trash and rude than decent. Just go to target!!!
2	I was awaiting to purchase a phone case and waited for ten minutes, no joke.  Two associates walked by without even making eye contact, they vendors were quick to find me assistance before the associates were. Not good customer service at all.
4	Love being able to just get in and out quickly at this location. It's always nice to come in and find what I need quickly,
1	I'm writing this review for the pharmacy. It's just plain awful. Slowest line ever because the sales associate working the counter moves so slow and doesn't seem to care about anything that happens. I hate getting stuck in this line. This is the closest pharmacy to me but it might not be worth it. The sales associate gives everyone the nastiest look. Someone needs to tell her to adjust her attitude.
1	This review is for the pharmacy. The guy who works behind the counter named Kevin has the worst customer service skills ever and his staff are just as bad. The Indian guy that works there is cool but everyone else sucks big time. If you are sic good luck getting any sympathy they treat every one like they are all on accces or just druggies trying to get there fix. They actually tried to say I didn't call in my scripts when my wife is the one who called it in from doctors office were she works at.
3	Where do I begin? I think that this Walmart location isn't too horrible but it isn't fantastic. Its walmart lol... you get what you get and you get OUT! I think if they were to clean this place up a little bit, it will be better. The workers here are kind of okay. There aren't too many angry creeps, there are actually good polite and nice employees. I feel that maybe the parking lot could be a little more brighter with lighting, but other than that this location is not too bad. I don't know where to find the blue baskets! I wish they would do something about that sewer smell at the entrance though...
1	The worst experience  of my life. The right hand  doesn't  know what  the left  hand  is doing!
2	This was my third store looking for something. There is nothing wrong with being out which they commonly are. I don't have a problem with what might be a poor ordering system. I don't have problem with too few cashiers because five-ten extra minutes is not that important. What I have a big problem with is there is never any improvement. Always too few people available and stores are a mess. Too big does not save me money or time. When there was a food place close by I would pick things up. At that time it was a better store.
3	It's not the worst Walmart I have ever been to but its not the best. They could have better customer service. They usually don't have enough registers open for the people that's in the store. With that being said I have always found what I was looking for there so that's why I gave it three starts.
