5	A great, friendly church. Come check it out for yourself!
5	Sincere and beautiful people are at the heart of ministry at this church.  Down to earth, compassionate, loving, and accepting to sum it up.
5	I had been searching for a church home for the longest.  From the moment I set my foot into this church, I knew I was at home.  I truly understood when the Pastor spoke, he broke it down into everyday life.  It has saved me and my four children each individually.  In fact I could never get them to go to church until now.  I have never felt the joy of being a Christian until I came to Valley Bible Fellowship.  Everyone is friendly, and there are no stipulations you can come as you are.  Tattoos welcome!  There is no judgement passed.  I LOVE THIS CHURCH!!!
5	For those who wants simplified messages from God explained, this is the place to go to.  Everyone makes you feel welcome and at home.  I'm from Los Angeles and this is where I go to pray when I'm in Vegas.  I highly recommend this place.
5	Real people, real love.  You will not be disappointed.  Made me feel at home away from home.  While on Vegas go here for worship.
2	I attended a Wednesday service on my day off.  It was ok.  Nice coffee shop. Simple, sweet, homespun. Music and messages of God's love for not perfect people.Where I had a problem was speaking to Lori R (see "tip" below) about their  Destiny House ministry.  This was the first time I have run up against those smug judgmental Christians everybody warned me about.  Wow - mean and belittling to me about my walk with Christ. I didn't measure up. I was judged for working in a casino (IN LAS VEGAS!). It made me happy I go to Central.  We aren't like that.  Will not go back.
5	If you're looking for a church that will ask you to look in the mirror, assess your life, and help you self-reflect whether you are right with Jesus, then his might be the place for you!
5	This church is filled with the Holy Spirit!!!! Love VBF Bakersfield; Nonetheless, Vegas VBF is AMAZING as well!!!
5	What can I say about this church? Only that it is AMAZING! What's cool is that you don't have to "dress up" to go there, having tattoos are okay there - no one looks down on you for being any kind of different. All that's important is getting you to know Jesus. I would recommend this church to anyone!
5	This is by far a true church with true followers of Christ. They are so warm welcoming and accommodating to you and your while family. The word is truly from God, as is the ministry and church members!
