5	Our insurance agent recommended these guys and even set up the appointment for us, they arrived on time and did an exceptional job replacing our windshield.  The gentleman that did the replacement was very friendly and professional.  Let's hope I don't need their services again any time soon, but when I do, I will not hesitate to call them!
1	Technician James came out to give me a quote on replacing dual windshields on a 1997 Dolphin motor home.  After 3 weeks, I heard nothing.  I called and spoke with Brittney, who stated they were not able to replace the glass.  I asked if the glass was unavailable or if they were not able to do the job.  I also asked if they could recommend another company.  Her manager told her to relay to me that they could not accept the job (she added "that's all he'll tell me" ) and no, there were no recommendations.  The lack of communication was the worst.  It didn't seem that they were interested in good customer service.  This manager appears to have an apathetic demeanor towards customers. By brushing me off without any idea what the issue is, I would say he has all the work he needs, so don't bother to call Select Auto Glass.
5	We had been using Safelite for our business and a friend suggested using Select Glass.  They not only saved us money but they installed the windshield in half the time.  The installer was courteous and professional.  We will now be using them on all our glass needs, repair and replacement.
5	Select Glass replaced my cracked windshield.  They made it so EASY!  They did a 3way conference call with my insurance company and came to me to replace the glass.  My insurance company said Select Glass is their "preferred" glass company.  I can see why.  I will ALWAYS use Select Glass.
5	Terrific Company. Great Service and fantastic response time.
5	Select handles our fleet of vehicles 30 and does an excellent job every time.  They work around our busy schedule for our guys and replace them on the road or at home.  They have reasonable prices, good product and great installations!  I am so happy we found Terri and Brad to handle our fleet!
5	You will not find more honest business people than the owners of Select Glass. They stand behind what they say and do. I will do business with them again and again.
