4	I'm going to give Kokoro 4 stars out of the gate but there is plenty of room for improvement. Caution: I was there on their 2nd day of business, before even their grand opening (and without serving their full menu) so I will update this review after a few more visits.The good?A good selection of sushi at reasonable prices. Until now the only downtown sushi has been Moira (and it is good... but expensive!) The priciest roll on Kokoro's menu is nine bucks. I hope this brings in some ASU downtown kids to keep this place open where others have failed (including its previous occupant, a curry place that lasted about 15 minutes.)The lunch special is a terrific deal. Chicken or beef and rice, a salad, 4 piece California roll and 3 pieces of tempura for $8.50. It is a belt-loosening lunch portion. Salad & tempura were solid. Chicken (both teriyaki and honey sesame) could use some work but they are early in the game. The not-so-good? For the terrific lunch special, if you get it to go -- you walk with 3 styrofoam containers. A bunch of people from my office got food and everyone reacted the same way. A good amount of food but it felt wrong to throw all that away. UPDATE: Looks like they've remedied this down to 2 containers. But the greener way to eat at Kokoro is definitely to eat in-house.Flow of traffic to place orders is a little crammed (partially due to nobody wanting to sit outside). But making you way to the counter requires Formula 1-style maneuvering.Four stars for bringing a modestly-priced, casual but legit sushi place to downtown Phoenix.  The owners have 2 West Valley Asian restaurants I have not been to but I applaud the move. I work in the area and hope this place does well.
3	Finally, another sushi place downtown!  This one is casual, order at the counter and take away or sit at one of a few tables inside the small interior.  Only three employees were there, the sushi chef, a kitchen assistant who ran the fryer and probably cooks the noodle dishes and a woman who was order taker/cashier/waitress.  We went around 5pm and ordered two appetizers and four rolls.  the appetizers were not stellar, overly fried gyoza when we prefer them steamed and small shrimp in the tempura which seemed oily as well.  The sushi special rolls run between 10 and 12 dollars, plain rolls between 5 and 8 dollars.  The best of the ones we ordered was the Las Vegas roll with the Tootsie roll running a close second.   We ended up taking a couple rolls to go for coworkers and the Rattlesnake Roll looked fantastic.  We will try it again and maybe order from the noodle menu, too.
5	I'd been looking forward to trying out Kokoro ever since I walked by and saw the "Coming Soon" poster. For the sake of clarity, I'm not a sushi snob. I don't know the intricacies of the cuisine. I know what I like and what tastes good to me. It doesn't have to cost an arm and a leg or be served in an ultra modern, mono-syllabic restaurant. That being said, I like Kokoro.For $8.50, I walked away thoroughly satisfied and pleasantly full. The place is small and definitely more of a cafe-style establishment (borderline fast food). The staff was friendly, the place was clean and the rolls were excellent. They even whipped up a very delicious salad and gave it to me "on the house," which was much appreciated. I mean, giving me something for free is always good, but give me something for free when I didn't even ask for it AND it tastes awesome? Count me a definite fan. I will be back.EDIT: Yeah, I've been back...twice already! And I'm happy to report their liquor license has been approved! So I'm upping my original Four Stars to Five. A bomber of Kirin Light (or Sapporo) and a large sake is a fine way to say "good afternoon." I really hope this place makes it. I've been the only person in there on two occasions.
2	Great location, but I have to say that the food, not so good.  I have visited this place two times and tried different types of meals.  First time I had a spicy tuna roll with Jalepenos and the the rice was extra warm which should be at room temperature, then I had the the Reman noodle with pork.  The Noodles were under cooked, stiff like chalk and the broth was SO-SO.....  Second time around I had Chicken Katsu which was over cooked, hard, and barely any chicken I felt like I was eating bread crumbs. and the soup was luke warm.  Just not my cup of tea.  NYC and SFO have better places and so much more REASONABLE..  The second time around my meal nearly cost me $19.  Comparable to Kyoto bowl but double in price.  :/
1	Horrible food, friendly service but there is nothing else to say that is positive about this place. I ordered the 8PC sushi with spicy tuna roll and my friend spicy tuna and california roll.Can you belive that the miso soup came out of the fridge and he actually microwaved it to serve us. The sushi was not really sushi at all. The rice wouldn't even stick to the fish and it wasn't even fresh. I am sorry to bag somebody's business so bad but this is exactly how I felt. They need to impove or they will soon have a RIP on their sign.
2	Service was okay. Took them a minute to realize I was there.I ordered the Caterpillar roll. It was a little different than usually, put a sold 7/10. Service wasn't as good though. I was sitting up at the bar, yet it took a while for them to realize I was empty on water. Location is great downtown. I expected more, but overall it was just meh. Would not recommend.
4	This place is great! The food is good, service, is good, prices are great!Obviously, its not the best sushi in the valley, but look at its location. It's perfect for the spot and price point. Last time I checked the Arizona Center doesn't boast the best mexican, greek, itilain, etc.Try it out! You will not be dissapointed!!
3	Went in for the lunch special and although you get a lot of food for the price, I can't say I was moved by the meal. Pretty standard or comparable to any other fast food rice bowl joint. My lunch special included sesame chicken, tempura veggies/shrimp, side salad, California roll and a scoop of rice. My meal was only $8.50 but it was more than I would typically consume during lunch. I will note, the ordering process is a little unorganized. You order at a small section of the sushi bar which could result in crowding those trying to enjoy their meal. I would hate that. The outside seating area needs a little reworking. The tables are too large for the space. I agree with some of the other Yelper comments about working out the kinks. Kokoro, let's raise the bar you've got potential.
1	Will not be going again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I was super excited to check out Kokoro because I live down town but the best it had to offer is location.  First of they have no bath rooms hello where do you wash your hands......  The food was not fresh at all I watched as the waitress took the edamame out of the freezer and placed it in the microwave I am not a sushi snob but the rice fell apart upon touch the fish and ginger was dry. My husband and I paid our bill and actually went to another restaurant where we ordered the exact same thing and paid 10 dollars less at another down town sushi bar
2	I don't love this place. The staff is not very knowledgeable. When I went, they were out of ramen and asked me if I wanted something completely different. I didn't think the food was very good, and I was starving at the time. I don't think I will be back very soon. There are other sushi places around that are much better. I do like that they have magic eye pictures on the walls.
2	It's tucked in the Arizona center mall. The seating arrangement is kind of cramped in the inside. You have to order at the counter and they will bring you your food out. I tried their lunch combo and it was so so. The California roll was nothing great but for $8.50 there was a lot of food on my plate for lunch. Overall it's forgettable.
2	Yeah, what nearly everyone else says.  Sushi should have a "Do not order" sign.  Rice was overcooked and NOT seasoned.   I've never had a more tasteless California roll.  I couldn't even taste the cucumber, let alone the crab stick and avocado. Tempura shrimp, ahh, OK.  They were pre-fried and then re-fried to reheat.  This leaves them a little on the greasy side from fresh tempura.  Service on the sushi was slow, anything else is just a reheat and serve.  I'm going to stop one more time to check out the ramen.  If they mess up pork ramen, then it's not worth to walk.
4	My husband and I had a nice dining experience at Sushi Kokoro. We weren't going to have a fancy dinner experience, but really just wanted to get a quick bite before the movies. The place is small but cozy and the staff was really nice. We both had the seafood noodle soup (can't remember the exact name) but it was really, really tasty! The price point was reasonable and we were in and out in a good amount of time. I think is a great addition to Arizona Center and downtown Phoenix and will go back again.
3	It's been a few months since I ate decent Japanese food. It was alright. Although it says its a Japanese restaurant, there were other dishes on the menu that are Chinese, Korean, and Vietnamese. I order the tempura udon, it wasn't that bad. I thought it was a little expensive for the amount of food and price. I guess depending on what you order. But still...The service was kinda bad. The waitress seems a little grumpy when providing service. A bit rude..
3	This was my first time dining here. I was excited to give this place a try since downtown Phoenix is lacking a good Japanese and Sushi restaurant. Intrigued by the convenient location and cute decorated shop I thought the food would have been much better. The restaurant was neat and clean. The staff was very friendly and thanked me for stopping by. I was impressed by the plates sitting on the table from patrons. My party of 3 we all ordered Lunch Combo's which included 4 California Rolls, Mixed Tempura, House Salad and Rice for $8.50. You then get to select one out of 4 chicken or beef entrees. I ordered the Teriyaki Chicken and my guest ordered the Honey Sesame Chicken. Our food was brought out at the same time beautifully displayed all on one plate. The menu online states you get three pieces of tempura but we all only got 2. My chicken was very cold. It was like they prepared it early in the day and reheated it. I got there at 11:30 am so I am not sure how early they cooked it. I kindly told the waitress who offered me a new batch of chicken. The second batch was just as cold. I don't like cold meat. I did not bother to complain ate the rest of my plate which I have to say was good. My guest enjoyed their chicken which was the Honey Sesame Chicken that is cooked Tempura style which might explain why there was good because it was cooked fresh.Unfortunately I cannot give this place 5 Stars. I am willing to give this restaurant another try but I won't think twice about ordering the Teriyaki Chicken.
2	So you just got out of a long, dull meeting, and you find yourself craving Safeway-quality sushi as a way to continue the dullness. If so, Kokoro is a fantastic fit. This place is to Japanese Bento boxes what Subway is to a New York deli sandwich: reliable, decent, inexpensive, edible mediocrity that bears little resemblance to the real thing.You won't hate it, and you might even like it if you go in expecting what it offers. Just don't plan on being amazed.
5	This place is an absolute hidden gem! I ordered a Vegas Roll and a Rainbow Roll with edamame on the side- and a Ketel One and Seven to top it off. The rolls were phenomenal - beautifully made, fresh and very tasty. The edamame came with just the right amount of salt and was piping hot. And best of all, my drink was made right in front of me- and "generous" doesn't adequately describe the mix!The staff is friendly and fast, I liked the music selection and the volume inside, and the decor is tasteful and modern. Five stars from me! I'm new to Phoenix but will be coming back to Kokoro's next time I'm downtown.
1	Dont waste time going here . Service was horrible. Food was below average and overpriced !!! 1 star for chef, one nice roll . Service killed the meal.
5	I was in town on business and saw this place. Read the mixed reviews....but it was great!  Awesome food and everyone was so nice!  GREAT PLACE!
2	I didn't love them I didn't hate them. I thought they were a tad bit pricey consider I just went there for lunch. which is normally  the cheapest  meal . There food wasn't  horrible but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.
3	LOCATED INSIDE THE AZ CENTER.Can be a little tricky using your iPhone to find the place.The restaurant itself is a tad on the cramped side, but what Japanese place isn't a little crowded at lunch time? We took advantage of the lunch special which gave you (2) six piece rolls and a house salad. I thought that deal was pretty legit for about $9.50 including tax. I don't recommend the chicken terriaki roll. Just isn't that impressive, looked like he took chicken chucks, rolled it into the rice paper and squirte sauce on it. Go with something else. I LOVED the calamari roll. I would get that again. Outside seating is nice too. I wound't go back here in a heartbeat but it satisfied the hankering I was having for some sushi.
5	You know, this place is tricky. Why do i love it, because i love sushi, i love good sushi, i love a nice staff, i love customer service. Do they have it?, yes. Would you like this place if you are not into sushi? hmm, not really. I mean, i see a lot of people coming in because the Mexican place next door is full; well people, what can i tell ya, they do not serve chalupas, or however you say that. They serve raw fish. If you like gourmet sushi, sashimi, etc, then this place will satisfy. Get there, enjoy and be stay safe.
1	I've been going to this place for it's convenience (pre-movie dinner), but each time the service has gotten worse! There are usually 1 or 2 other people in the restaurant at a time, but last night there were 3 tables and the server was completely in over her head. She snapped at a guy who tried to order a to-go order, "Can you wait?!" Poor kid.There was a new sushi "chef" last night who butchered the nigiri. He was reading the ingredient list for each of the sushi rolls (as he was making them) and looking blankly at each of the sauce bottles, clearly confused by what each bottle contained. Our rolls came out bland, poorly presented and without any sauce. Overall, it's NOT worth the convenience. We will NOT be back. YUCK. Night-Ruin-er
1	I went here on a whim because my friend and I weren't looking for an upscale dining place for dinner. It was a huge mistake.I ordered vegetable tempura and ramen, and I've never been so underwhelmed. The tempura sauce wasn't even the right sauce, and I think you'd have to really be trying hard to get it wrong. I didn't expect much from the ramen, especially it being only $9. Unfortunately for me, I had more to complain about after I received it. The ratio of noodles to broth was 1:3 and worst of all, the noodles were packaged. Meaning they were thrown in absentmindedly before dishing it out of the kitchen and onto the dinner table. The noodles still being stuck together, matched with the alarmingly salty broth was not ramen. We also ordered food for takeout, and they had the nerve to leave the udon noodles in hot broth to get soggy. We also ordered an appetizer of edamame that never came, but they still charged us for it. Never going back.
2	Terrible.  WAY overpriced for very small portions of low quality sushi.  The smallest rainbow roll I've ever received.
3	Not the best sushi I've had and certainly not the worst.  I tried some unagi and udon and wasn't blown away by either.  The unagi was actually a lot better than I've had at other places the udon felt like it was missing something.  The noodles themselves where actually pretty good but the soup didn't have anything special about it.The one thing this place does have going for it over other sushi joints is it's very close to home, so I'm sure I'll give them another chance.
3	Dropped in here during Phoenix Comicon and ended up coming back every day I was there. Location can hardly be beat. The wait staff was very friendly and helpful, probably one of the best parts of eating at Kokoro, actually. Whoever did their interior design really knew what they were doing. The place really has a great feel to it. I went with a friend, and we focused more on the dinner items and less on the sushi, so I can only speak to that. Katsudon was great. They added a bit of kick to it for a southwestern touch, which turned out really well. Their salmon teriyaki was great considering the price. My friend ordered their fried rice, and liked it so much that he kept ordering it three days in a row.  My friend also tried the tempura, which he said was a bit sub-par, but considering the price, well worth it. Their "dinner" items come with miso soup and a salad as well. Salad is, to be honest, rather plain, but it's nice that they include it considering how inexpensive the dinner sets are. The miso soup was a bit salty for my taste, but still good. I would not recommend the spicy korean beef steak. In all honesty, the katsudon had more kick to it, and the flavor of the korean beef was fairly weak.Overall, eating here was a great experience. The food, on average, is a great deal. Prices are fairly low, especially considering their prime location in the heart of downtown. In general, you get more than you pay for here, but don't expect it to be the best in the city. For good food on the cheap, in the heart of downtown Phoenix, I would  recommend Kokoro, although not necessarily my first choice.Update: Went back twice since I was in town again. Had some trouble with the service....during lunch the line was huge, and during dinner it was so packed that they were too busy to take my order. I ended up going somewhere else. Hopefully that's not a trend but...I should also comment on the chicken teriyaki. It really wasn't any good. Try ordering something else.
1	I am now sitting in the nearby Starbucks eating sweets to get rid of the awful taste of the food I just had at Kokoro. I felt so strongly about this place that I needed to write a review immediately, before I forget.I ordered Katsu Don and thought it was disgusting; it was not only very salty, but was covered with Vietnamese chili paste. I like salt and spice, but Katsu Don is not supposed be very salty nor should it be spicy! I ended up not finishing it.Everything on the menu is wayyyy overpriced for what they are serving. I noticed that the other table also left without finishing their food. I can't believe this place has been around.
2	Been here one time and will not return. Our server was accommodating and friendly. The sushi did not taste fresh and our hot saki was served cold. The atmosphere is rather drab. We left still hungry and dissatisfied. There are better sushi restaurants downtown.
3	Great little place for Ramen and just ok sushi.  I prefer the soup really.  Never had bad service.
1	Did not know it was possible to make this food this badly. Ordered the lunch combo with Korean Beef Steak to go. Was immediately struck by how small the portions of everything were. Really pretty poor value for $8.50. The beef was a massive disappointment, brutally dry and chewy with absolutely no tenderness as good beef would have. It felt like I was eating microwaved leftovers. The 4 pieces of sushi were all tiny, far smaller than average sushi would be, and tasted fairly mushy to boot. They did not have that freshness that one wants from sushi. I asked for wasabi on the side, and rather than bothering to put some in a small plastic container, they just threw a glob of it in the middle of my takeout box. How lazy! Tempura was not even vaguely resembling crisp, and again did not taste fresh, really flavorless and gross. The sauce included for it was tasteless and bland, so that didn't help. At least the salad was ok.Honestly, decent to good japanese/fusion places are a dime a dozen in the Phoenix metro area, and every one of them has a much better lunch special (in both taste and price) than this one. Don't waste your time, energy, and money.
4	Great place to eat.  Ate here when I was on vacation in Phoenix. Loved the sushi.  It was fresh and tasty and I had good service.
3	Kokoro Sushi & Noodle Bar is located in the Arizona Center.  We went there once for lunch, and had one of their luncheon specials, an $8.50 Korean beef steak meal.We went through a long line at the counter to select and order our meal, among crammed quarters of customers seated at square wooden tables on high chairs in very tight quarters.  It was so tight that one of the waitresses dropped and broke a plate while cleaning up, after being bumped.It took a good 15 minutes for my order to arrive, and it looked like a TV dinner, with globs of food in piles on a large white rectangular serving tray.   Besides the main dish, the meal came with a generous portion of white rice, two tempuras: vegetable and shrimp, salad,  and four California rolls.The Korean beef steak did not resemble any Korean beef steak I had eaten in the past, but looked like the minced beef you see in canned cat food.  It tasted a bit like chili beef, and was not tender like you would expect a steak to taste like.   Speaking of portion size, the beef steak was about the same size as a 5.5 can of cat food!  LOL, we did not dare inspect their garbage can for empty cans of cat food!         The salad was OK but the dressing far too strong -tasted like bottled French dressing.  At least there were no brown leaves.The white rice was freshly cooked, and consisted of three scoops of rice.  A very nice portion, whereas in a lot of other restaurants they give too little rice for my taste.   The four California rolls came glued together, like the refrigerated packages you can get at Costco.  No hint of crab flavor, and the seaweed lining was very tough to eat.  I used a knife and fork to cut the roll in half, before eating.The vegetable and shrimp tempuras were the highlight of the meal, as they were hot to the touch, and crisp from being freshly made.  We looked through the glass wall to the outside table, and watched a patron eat his teriyaki chicken.  The portion size of the chicken was at least double that of the Korean beef steak.  A thought for next time.I ate lunch with two other business conference attendees.  My wife loves sushi, but I didn't dare bring her here for dinner that night, given the lack of quality in the California rolls.
1	Worst service everThere were two servers and maybe about eight people including my boyfriend and I and the waitress still forgot to bring us our waters. She took so long to come out and take our order that the sushi chef had to come out and ask us if we were ready to order. When she finally took our order we had to ask for our waters for a second time. She never came back for our refills even though she watched me finish my water and then drink my boyfriends. When we were done eating we sat with empty dishes, waiting for the bill while she stared at us and then continued to clean off the tables. To top it all off she was texting in front of everyone in the restaurant and tried to hide it by going in a corner. She must have forgotten that we were outside and the restaurant has windows around it. Needless to say, the sushi is decent but overpriced with mediocre service.The location is the only thing this restaurant has going for them.I recommend Squid Ink around the corner where you can get more bang for your buck. They have excellent service and even better sushi.
4	Good sushi. It's small but quaint. There's food seemed fresh. It's definitely not a fancy place but it has a great feel!
5	Man oh man what can I say. First of all, reading all these negative reviews makes me so sad! I absolutely love this place and adore the owners and Ace, the sushi chef, he is incredible! I have been coming to Kokoro for the last year practically every Wednesday for lunch and I have never been let down! Every person I bring with me or suggest to come on their own would agree with me. The food is always fresh, service is timely, I'm always greeted by a friendly face, and their restaurant is always clean. I always look forward to my Wednesday lunch date with Kokoro's sushi. I usually order Edamame, the Las Vegas Roll, and the Caterpillar Roll. When my friend comes with me she usually orders the Honey Sesame Chicken or the Teriyaki Chicken. Both of our meals are a hardy helping and we are both satisfied and full when we leave. I can't tell you how obsessed I am with their Las Vegas Roll. I consider myself a sushi connoisseur of sorts. I've lived in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area for 10 years now and have tried many sushi spots. Kokoro, hands down, has the best Las Vegas Roll in the valley. I will continue to recommend Kokoro sushi as one of the best places to get sushi in the Phoenix area!
4	The service was friendly and quick. It was a Sunday afternoon so it wasn't crowded about 4 other tables. Waitress was polite and efficient. We tried 3 sushi rolls; dragon, rattlesnake and rainbow roll. All fresh but a little too much sauce for my liking. A decent price but no bargain.
5	friendly service and delicious noodles
4	This is a great little place to grab sushi for lunch. The staff are friendly and the prices are fair. A great alternative to the typical lunch fair.
4	This is a great sushi place in general! Good service, good food, nothing to complain about!
3	I feel like I can't entirely judge this place to the fullest. However, based on my first lunch here, I ordered the lunch "special"! 2 selected rolls for $9! Well turns out you get the lunch portion. On the plus side, the service and staff were nice and quick!
3	First time at KoKoRo tonight with friends. Arrived at 7:30 on a Thursday eve and there were three of the eight tables full, a good sign. We were grabbing a bite before a movie so we kept it simple: three orders of the 2-roll specials, while I ordered a Sunset Roll, since I wasn't too hungry. The orders took a lot longer than they should've, considering the small crowd and small order. What should've taken 15 minutes actually took 30. We weren't pressed for our movie, we were just hungry. Perhaps they had the 'B' team that night?The sushi was good tho: fresh, cool and flavorful. Next time we might go next door tho.
3	Not very good at all.  Zero ambiance (loud pop music), mushy rolls, seaweed salad that is mostly lettuce.  There has to be better.
4	Good sushi, good price.
