4	I discovered Taka Grill and Cafe while driving north from work on Central in search of somewhere different to have lunch. No line, no waiting. We ordered, sat down and our food was served with 5 minutes. We were out of there in 40 minutes, which is perfect when you only have an hour for lunch..I wanted sushi so I ordered the Shrimp tempura roll with deep fried shrimp, imitation crab meat, avocado and cucumber for $6.95. Of course I would have preferred fresh crab meat, but was ok with the imitation. I liked the meal presentation. Food is served on large rectangular plates. My coworkers also enjoyed their meals, except one said the salmon was frozen and thawed. We work within a mile of Taka and will be back again to try something different. (A mango smoothie sounds delicious right about now!)
4	Very tasty. Just what we need in this part of town.
4	LOVE IT!  We went after voting.  The only thing was wish they had kimbap and daeji bulgogi on menu.  We got the Taka special chicken, and Kalbi (my favorite thing in the entire world!), and a boba smoothie.  The food was great.  Pretty sure the older Korean couple owns and they were so cute and sweet.  You order at the counter.  Will def be back...Oh and prices are GREAT!
1	i'm from south phoenix in search of a whole in the wall and i found this joint. as we walked in, i was pleasantly surprised by the interior. we ordered chicken nuggets for my kids and my girlfriend ordered the orange chicken and i ordered a spicy seafood soup chong pang. the chicken nuggets tasted and looked like the freezer section nuggets. the orange chicken was over cooked and my soup was bland no taste, it also had ingredients that where not on the listed menu, i found 1 yes 1 shrimp! i grabbed my family and left all the food on the table !!!! your better off eating a chinese buffet. i will never be back.
5	First time to came here. I ordered bipimbab. I was great! I also order spicy noodles, it was spicy, so be aware what the spicy level that you can eat. I would like to go back to order something else. The atmosphere was comfy.
3	Flipped a bi*@h when I saw the boba sign.  The restaraunt itself was clean. The workers were all friendly. I wanted a coconut Thai tea boba. Which was not offered on the menu. The girl accommodated me and made the blended drink with boba. I waited a good 10-15 minutes for two drinks, which seemed a bit excessive but seeing a businessman receive his lunch made me intrigued enough to come back some day. I gave three stars because of wait time and price.
5	This was our first trip to this little restaurant. I pass it nearly every day on my way from work and decided tonight was the night to try it. I'm very glad I did! The food was fresh and flavorful. You can tell that everything is made to order and hasn't been sitting in a warming tray. Our goyza arrived at the table hot and crisp! I had the Bulgogi dinner, and I liked it so much I bought another order to go for my son! I can't say fresh enough! It made such a difference in the flavor. Scott had the spicy honey chicken. It was crisp, sweet, and spicy. Again, it was made fresh...it hadn't been sitting around and still be that crisp ! He also ordered the Philly sushi roll. I felt for the price it was a decent value and quite tasty! We will be going back !
