5	Superior service, reasonable cost.  Highly motivated team of individuals.  I am lucky to have them in my roledex!!!
5	Ken is great. He is able to fix almost any issues without even having to be on site in your office. Rather than charging for his time to come out to fix a small issue he walked me through everything and told me what to get.
5	Kenneth did a wonderful job with my computer. He was able to get everything off my old computer and add it to my new and very fast one. He fielded many phone calls about which new computer to get and what was the best deal. He is fantastic and very knowledgeable. I have already recommended him to my friends.
5	If you want resolution to your computer problems and awesome maintenance services,  I suggest you call Tech Paramedics today. I have used them personally and also referred many friends to them that told me they received fantastic service.
5	Kenneth thanks so much for coming out to the house and getting rid of those pesky viruses. Computer is running like new!
5	Kenneth has been my IT guy for years and has always done an amazing job for me. My computers do not fail me, I fail them but they don't fail me. Kenneth is super friendly and knowledgeable, often helping me over the phone.  I credit Kenneth for the reliability of my machines and for keeping me in business! I recommend Tech Paramedics.
5	Tech Paramedics and Ken, are as good as they get in my book.  I have utilized Ken and the team of people he works with for years in my business and for my at home needs.I run a doctors office and have about 8 computers tied into a server.  I most have my systems up and running at all times.  Myself, my staff, and my patients relay on it so I can do my job.  Ken is always there on the phone or in person when a problem comes up, big or small.He is very personal with his clients.  Not only does he give great service, he takes the time to get to know what you do, so he can help connect you with other people who can help your business.  He is very connected in Arizona and loves putting the right people together.  He has saved me money on many occasions.  Just last year I was shopping for a new server and several new computers for my office.  Ken got me superior pricing and made sure the transfer of data was done in a time and manor that did not effect my business.He is the Best of Best.
5	Ken is a tech master, he can help manage any computer situation wether it be personal or business related! That however is not where it ends, he is an amazing referral source for anything & everything!  He is a man of integrity and a great friend. He really does care!
