5	Wow, these guys do NOT lie with the name Jiffy Lube! I've been putting off my oil change for a few weeks and wasn't looking forward to going on a beautiful Saturday but it was the most pleasant experience. I went to Jiffy Lube solely because they had a coupon for a $19.95 oil change in the Val Pak that was expiring soon. I pulled right in, they were very friendly and not one other customer was there so my car got it's oil change right away. Plus they actually had fresh coffee and magazines geared towards women along with a seating area inside and outside so you can watch the cars go by on South Blvd. I was sitting there enjoying the day and kidd you not, not even 15 minutes later they were done. And to make the experience even better, I got a $10 off coupon for my next oil change-boo yah!!
4	Had a few experiences here and all were pretty good.I had a $5 off coupon to use for their signature service (I asked its actually their only service) It runs $37 regularly and includes checking some things and filling up fluids. I felt it was a bit pricey since I remember paying $15-20 for oil changes but since I was crunched for time I did it anyway.They were extremely friendly there- showing me to the little waiting room and offered me fresh coffee and good magazines.They  pulled out my filter to show it to me..which I expected to have to replace, but happily was told it looked good and nothing needed to be done : ) I was in and out in about 10min or so...I would be happy to return
3	Well apparently the prices went up here from June to Sep - since the same service now costs $41 - they offered a $10 coupon this month so that brings the service to $31. I will say they are fast, friendly, and efficient but their pricing is a bit sketch.
2	Nice guys, but SLOW! More like Pokie Lube! Only 1 car ahead of mine, and I was promised 20 minutes. Well they must have been reading War and Peace because it took almost 2 HOURS to perform a simple oil change! I didnt ask for any fancy synthetic oil, and it cost $42! Must have added gold flakes to the lube. There are far better, cheaper and faster lube shops out there!
1	Had my fluids changed here a few months ago and ever since I have had nothing but problems with my car. Power steering and engine oil leaking...save yourself the trouble and go somewhere where they know what they are doing.
1	I can't say for 100% fact, but I'm pretty sure this place screwed me over.  I went in to get an oil change, and the man told me I was completely out of oil and my engine needed to be flushed with their special flushing-liquid.  I agreed, since I knew I was probably low (but definitely not empty!) and paid for the $200+ service.  I just got my oil changed today, 6 months later, at a different body shop, who told me (and showed me) that my filters hadn't been changed in a year.  Also, whatever engine flush they did, didn't do anything as my engine was disgusting.  I feel like I was taken advantage of at this Jiffy Lube because I'm a young female.  I won't be taking my service here ever again.
3	Pretty meh.I came here early on a Saturday morning to get my inspection for NC registration and it passed all the tests except for the tinting.  What kind of racket does NC have going?  Last year, I went to the same place and my car passed inspection just fine.  Nothing's changed, but now, the tinting on my windows failed.  It's not that dark.  It's not like anyone can get away with drugs or sex without being seen - not that I've tried.  So now, I'm in the unenviable position of having to get my window tinting removed.  What a pain. Other than failing, I like Jiffy Lube because they do the inspection and oil change pretty quick.  They got to working on it right away (there was no wait), and they changed the oil, ran the inspection, vacuumed the inside, and other little things.  The people working there looked like dudes I wouldn't want to run into in the alley, but appearance aside, they did a great job of explaining and were pretty nice.  Any other setting outside of Jiffy Lube, they would've cleaned my clock.  I'll keep coming here because they do a fine job.  They also do it quick.  And it's affordable. dmo out (or am i really out? can you see through the tinting? smh)
