3	This is the McDonald's inside the Wal-Mart store.  Nothing special but we still use this one due to the fact the freestanding one across the street is awful.
4	I'd say this place is good, they try to do well each day. The only thing is that when I order my ice coffee and nothing else, I end up waiting a little too long to get my coffee. I understand they give orders in chronologically but having to wait only for a drink and no food. I feel that I can get my drink quicker. Get the ones who only have a beverage out and on their way. You will a lot more happier customers that much more. Keep up your smiles, that are welcoming. Thank you
3	This is the McD's in the Walmart.  Been here a couple of times, but it was mediocre at best.  Was at this "wonderful" shopping location and decided to pick up some fries.  While in there we grabbed a couple of doubles to go as well.  When we got home the food was actually warm including the fries.  This particular experience was not that bad.  The dining area was still messy as it always looks when we walk through the store.  Not a place we frequent often, nor plan to.  However, this time was not all that bad.
1	Worst mcdonalds service ever. Walked in and there were already customers standing with complaints about their order. While I waited in line, one if the girls working the drinks, made my hazelnut coffee and set it down. A minute later, the same girl pours my coffee in a smaller cup, tosses out the rest and starts drinking it. When my order was complete, my drink was nowhere to be found. All of this while I'm standing there waiting for my order. The person working my order starts apologizing about how the drink was just right there a second ago so I told her that i know and that the other girl just drank it right in front of me. This got everyone's attention since there are so many people behind that counter just standing around. So the girl who drank my coffee starts making another one as she tells this other girl what I just said. So that girl looks right at me and states "that one". I was very annoyed but at that point I just wanted my coffee. Maybe it's just me but I expect better service even if they are little kids; show some courtesy and atleast act like an adult.
3	I'd say this place is good, they try to do well each day. The only thing is that when I order my ice coffee and nothing else, I end up waiting a little too long to get my coffee. I understand they give orders in chronologically but having to wait only for a drink and no food. I feel that I can get my drink quicker. Get the ones who only have a beverage out and on their way. You will a lot more happier customers that much more. Keep up your smiles, that are welcoming. Thank youNeed more improvements. I noticed the service is faster when there is a certain manager around. Come on people.
