3	Another Hyatt Place hotel, although this one is brand new and next to a comparable Marriott Springhill Suites of similar size. This Hyatt Place is in Tempe, a few miles from Sky Harbor Airport (PHX) and close to Arizina State University, a few miles from Downtown Phoenix and Tempe, and close to several freeways to get you elsewhere in the Valley of the Sun. However, it is not a downtown location, so you need to get a car or have someone pick you up. There is a free shuttle to the airport, however. One of the best things about this new concept in business hotels is that each room has an HDTV 42 inch LG plasma TV.And the programming has several HD digital channels available. You can also order DirecTV Sports packages for a day in High Def. The other great thing about this new hotel brand is that they are actively trying to attract business customers. So if you stay 2 times, you will earn a free night, and get a 2,500 point winter bonus. I have already used this twice, so it is a good deal. I got a Fri/Sat weekend rate of only $99/nite, for a plush king size bed with free breakfast, and HDTV. Pretty good deal.
4	This was my first time that I stayed at any Hyatt Place, and I was pleasantly surprised by the results.I booked this room through Priceline, when I was determined to finally use their name your own price service.  I bid on a 2.5 star in Tempe for $39/night for two nights.  Total it cost me about $95.   I checked the rates on the website which were $180 a night.  I saved about $260 for the stay. The room itself was nice and spacious, and included a living room area, wet bar, desk, and bed room area.  The room was really sleek and modern looking, and the bed was comfortable.  There was also a huge flat screen that was really awesome for watching some tv.  A few negatives were: the bed room and living were separated by a wall extending halfway into the room, that served no purpose; the bathroom was sort of small; the soap and shampoos really smelled terrible.  The location of the hotel is good for travelers who are staying overnight near the airport, and close to Tempe, but you definitely need a car.  My room was facing the freeway and noise wasn't an issue.  The hotel itself offered a nice continental breakfast and the staff was very helpful.I would definitely try to win this on priceline again.
4	Let me tell the story of my home away from home.  I really must say that when I come to Arizona ( and that is a lot these days), I try VERY hard to get booked here.  Before I go into my reasons why, allow me to give a special shout out to Miley and her van named "Mitch"!  Ok...Seriously...The team here are always pleasant no matter what.  They understand hospitality and I can say something about that based on my past ( trust me on this one guys...in another life, I actually taught hotel agents).  The team here is professional, efficient, unassuming, and happy to be at work.  That alone without even talking about the rooms yet, makes me give full marks...  The rooms are well appointed, clean and spacious.  I have twice run into the room attendants who have both times been attentive to safety and hygiene.  They too were pleasant.    Most rooms have a nice flatscreened television, cordless phone, small fridge, coffee acuement, and comfortable beds that are raised up at least 3 feet off the floor.  When it comes to resolution of issues, they get top marks also.  Here is an example of why I say that.  I ordered a pizza from the cafe that they have and the individual pie did not come to me fully cooked.  Without hesitation or excuses, they replaced the pie.  Unfortunately, the next one was still not fully baked.  Once again they tried unsuccessfully having used another oven and tried a different method of baking.  Once again they replaced the pie and removed the item from my bill having been graciously embarrassed that their efforts failed and I was made to wait.  They later also told me the ( unsolicited) the reason they had failed with the preparation earlier.  Ownership...accountability...graciousness...empathy... Does Peter Drucker know that he can find a wow here?  ( Footnote:  In search of Wows is a book written in the eighties about service...)Keep up the good work here guys.  The breakfast in the morning is fresh fruits, cereals, and Tazo Tea.  OR Starburst Coffee.  Included with your room rate.
3	I was sent to Phoenix on business and since I work for the government, I probably could have stayed anywhere.  I chose the Hyatt Place.  I think had circumstances had been different on my travel I would not have stayed there, but I found it to be alright.  Not great, but alright.The reasons I stayed there was for the free continental breakfast and the fact it had a pool.  I had brought my family (2 kids aged 4 and 7).  I was hoping it was a little more ritzier, but it suited our purposes.Since I was teaching a class at the airport, it was so close.  I am talking a rocks throw.  That was really cool!  Also, it was about 3 miles from the zoo.  That was so cool, too.  There is also a drive thru Starbucks (if that is your thing) on the corner of Priest and Washington, which made it very convienent to stop there before those trips around town..But all that I mentioned is mostly location... what the hotel is near and what the area offers.  Now on to our stay.Check in was very easy.  There was nobody in the lobby when we arrived, but even if there was, they have 2 automated check in kiosks.  After checking us in, the gal showed us around the kitchen and lobby area and explained how the breakfasts work.  We got to our room and found it to be nice.  We had 2 double beds and I really liked the little living room they had.  They have an "L" shaped couch with an ottoman.  And the couch pulls out if you need it.  We found the bathroom placement a little weird.  It was not near the door, as most hotel bathrooms are located, it was on the far opposite side of the room.  The little living area had a counter top and small fridge, plus a cabinet door which held a safe and a place for storing ay items you may have.  We brought a case of bottled water and it was perfect for that.  They also have a pretty large, glass-top desk for you to use.  The TV was huge and it swiviled to the living area or to the bed area.  It had all of the places you could plug in video games or portable DVD's, etc.  Whic made it nice.  The TV channel selection want too bad.  It didnt have enough kids channels, but if you are not into kids channels, it is pretty nice. The living room was separated by a half partition.  I really liked the living area.  It was perfect for my son to play with his dinosaurs.  Lots of cubbies below the TV and in the living area.The beds were comfortable and the bedding was nice and fresh.  I loved the decor of the room.  What I didnt like about the room was the bathroom.  It was so small!!  The vanity was located outside the room, about 6 feet in front of the beds.  The toilet and bath was about 5'x7'.  You had to make sure the bathroom door was completely open, otherwise you had to straddle the toilet to get in and then make sure you were all the way in and against the bathtub inorder to close the door.  It was very poorly layed out.  In my case, having the vanity outside the bathroom really sucked.  I had to wake up at 6am every morning to get ready to teach my class, while the rest of my family slept.  I had to be as quiet as possible and get ready in the dark, so I wouldnt wake my family.  It is practically impossible to get ready in the dinky bathroom, plus there is no mirror.  Just try blow drying your hair and not wake anyone!!  It was nice to have a small closet, with mirrored doors.  I was able to keep the room clean by putting the suitcases in there and shut the door.  The vanity had tons of room, which if they could replan this hotel, they should have just put it all in one closed bathroom, and still have room for a sink or vanity outside the door.I realize this was my choice to bring my family and it was my problem... and more than half of you reading this may not have this problem, but if you are traveling with family and you are the only one who needs to get up... DONT STAY HERE.  But if you are travelling alone, by all means, it would suit your purpose.Another complaint was I had to call the front desk twice and ask them why they hadnt cleaned my room yet.  I stayed 4 nights and 3 of the 4 nights they cleaned my room after 3pm.  One day, I called and asked then to please have my room cleaned and that I would go to the pool with the family if they would come right away.  This was 2pm.  By 330 when we came back up, no cleaning yet.  We all got dressed and went out to dinner, but I had to stop at the front desk and complain once again.  I like to have a fresh clean room when I walk in after being gone all day... dont you? The continental breakfast is good... Toast, Bagels, English Muffins, Juice, Milk, 5 or 6 different cereals, Cantelope and Honeydew melon and grapefruit slices, and yogurt.  No waffles or heated up food.  You can order it, but you have to pay... and it is not cheap.  I didnt try it out, so I cant let you know if it was good or not, but I saw other guests order from their menu.  So... it aint the Ritz... but it will suit your purpose.
3	I  was here about two weeks ago for business and I'd have to say out of all the hotels I've been to, this one surprised me the most in terms of room design! The 42" LCD TV definitely made it worth while along with the small patio area next to the bedroom. I did enjoy the L shaped couch in the spacious living room with a mini fridge and working desk. The bathroom however was a bit smaller than normal hotels and the closet space was limited.Free continental breakfast was nice with omelets of your choice, however, the waiting line was pretty long since there was only one person making it in the small kitchen... They do not have a real restaurant though but the cafe/coffee shop worked fine for the most part since there are tons of restaurants just a few blocks down the street.
3	These are really great hotels and being a weekend we got a super rate. Love the way you can get food so after working and coming back late you can get something to eat without going to try and find a restaurant
4	This hotel has their act together.  Great rooms, great complimentary breakfast, free parking, free wifi, good location, great staff, great value.  You will be pleasantly surprised by one or more things from this hotel unless you have unreasonable expectations for a 3.5 star hotel.
4	I am a Hyatt Platinum member and have never stayed at a Hyatt Place hotel.  Let me say, this place was such a great surprise that, in the future, I would almost prefer to stay at a Hyatt Place than a Hyatt Regency!  Why you ask?  This place is new, clean, and quiet (even though the planes at PHX land nearby).  They have free WIFI, great TVs with movies and recently- seen TV options, and the rooms are large, have lil' fridges, and a HUGE couch that I found ultra-comfy for doing laptop work.  No room service but they have a gallery/kiosk/bar where you can order a full meal like roasted chicken, steak salad, pizza, appetizers, dessert and more.  The menu looked way healthier than the restaurants nearby ASU about 2 miles away.  They also have a small bar area with TVs to hang out or watch sports,  a Starbucks Coffee station and a free continental breakfast (you can order a heartier breakfast eggs, bacon, waffles, etc., but you have to pay for it.
3	OK. First time writing a review for any service on Yelp. Don't want to bash Hyatt Place. I am a Gold member and go out of my way to stay at Hyatt  properties. Stayed for 3 days for work starting on 9/6/2011. The staff was friendly and attentive. The continental breakfast is awesome. Especially the small egg sandwiches. The rooms are spacious and clean. The only draw back was the dust from the renovations and the fact that you cant get any sleep due to the location of the hotel. It is in the direct approach path of the airport.
4	I was very impressed with this location for my needs. I needed good access to my client in Tempe, but close enough to good restaurants or entertainment (downtown/ASU area).  Overall it's a great location.The hotel reminds me of a suped-up hampton inn - add a bit more modern flair. The rooms are nice - very spacious, modern-like and clean.  Its great to have a refrigerator and sink area, a separate living area with an L sofa, a huge plasma TV, and good size desk area.  The bathroom sink is like part of the room, but it was great to see extra counterspace for all of my toiletries and makeup stuff.    I really enjoy the free breakfast (nothing fancy, but it's a nice to have for sure), and the small lobby area bar is great - beer, wine and a great tasting selection of bar type food.  The hotel attendants/staff are very friendly and helpful.  I didn't use the shuttle but I hear it takes you out and about (not just to the airport).  Free wi-fi throughout!I'm a fan of the nicer larger style hotels (Westin's/starwood are my fav), but you are limited when your job limits you to a certain budget.  So I seeked a Hampton Inn for my first trip to Tempe, and it was the Hampton Inn South Phoenix.  The hotel was great, but the surrounding immediate area(s) were not.  I would have felt very uncomfortable strolling to the mini mart next door or even walking to my car to go somewhere else.  So, I looked for a comparable price, similar benefits/accomodations, and I found this Hyatt place...which overall was better (not just b/c of location).  I have booked my next business trip at this hotel (3rd visit to Temple/Phoenix now).
3	I had stayed at this hotel every time I visited Phoenix for work, and I do visit here at least once a month.The location is very close to my work.  Literally 5 mins drive, which makes it really easy to get in and out.  It's also close to the airport, and there are tons of restaurant around.  The rooms are pretty decent sized.  I generally booked the double bed, even when I travel alone.  I have stayed at their single bed room before, and the room is a bit smaller.  The hotel is pretty clean, given that it's relatively new.  The staffs here are friendly, and generally helpful.I'd suggest staying out of room 507.  Twice I was checked in to this room, and both times I complained about the shower water pressure.  The water pressure is really low compare to the other rooms I stayed at.  I requested to switch room, and both time I was told they were fully booked.  (at 5pm)  I don't buy it, but what can I do?Also, stay on the odd number room.  All odd number rooms faces the back of the building.  I noticed that you can't really hear the planes fly by on that side.  If you stay on the even number side, be prepare to stay awake until the plane stops flying for the night.
5	Great place to stay and the staff is the best. Now I am not just saying that lightly. they are wonderful. It was 108 when I arrived and the staff offered me a bottle of water. they made a wonderful recommendation for dinner and offered a shuttle. Yest they still have a shuttle to the airport and willing to drive you to restaurants. great location and easy to get to.
5	The hotel is very clean and it has free breakfast! it's very closeby to the airport and beware..because of this, i can hear airplane sounds in the morning. overall, it's a great place to stay.
3	I stayed here for Spring Training and the WBC. The location was ideal. Right off the freeway and kind of central to Phoenix and Scottsdale. It was an easy drive to the Giants Spring Training complex and Chase field. Down the road a bit there's some food if you're looking for a quick dinner.The rooms were very nice and clean. 2 beds+a pull out couch is a lot of space for the price. If you're looking to shove a family of six in one room, it wouldn't be uncomfortable (except when trying to change). Given the amenities and the sleeping space, I was surprised by how small the pooper/shower room was. It had a drop ceiling, further limiting the space. If you get claustrophobic, this is less than ideal.As for the rest of the hotel, the pool is heated. The complimentary breakfast was good (for the price) and they were quick to refill plates. The staff was mostly attentive and friendly, aside from a strange moment where they had a line of customers waiting to be served at 3 PM and it took 10 minutes (and some shouting for help) before someone came to the front desk. For the MSRP, it left a little to be desired, but if you can load enough people in there, the value becomes great. We'll definitely stay again next year and I'm sure we won't be disappointed, but we won't be expecting the Ritz either.
3	We love staying at the Hyatt there always nice and great customer service. This Hyatt was not what I was excepting. The customer service was terrible, it was not good for families and the room is in need of some upgrades. The air conditioner can only be felt in the bedroom so the living room area was so hot and humid. Also the entrance to the hotel is really confusing.
2	When I travel I usually try and stay at Hyatt properties . Hyatt place is a very good alternative to the holiday inn, days inn, etc.This location is conveniently located close to the airport, the rooms are really nice. Big screen tv, comfortable bed, nice balcony. But BYO pillows, the pillows here are worthless.The toiletries are mediocre, nothing close to the June Jacobs product line you see at the other upscale hyatt properties. Here are my complaints:The elevators at this facility are really questionable, they go up and stay up until someone presses the down button. They are also very noisy, and need some major updating.Although the staff is nice, during breakfast they tend to clean up your table if you get up to get seconds or a drink refill. This happened to me on more then one occasion.Housekeeping decided to knock on our door at 8 am !!I hope management makes notice of these complaints.
4	Business hotel just outside of Tempe.  Rooms are large and comfortable, heard about noise complaints (airport is close with planes departing).  Hyatt offered noise "quiet plugs" for the ears.  We had no problem with being woken up and slept just fine.Lobby has small bar, 24/7 menu option (pizza was very good), small pool and exercise room.  The property is set up for the business traveler with lots of amenities, however, it worked very well for a family traveling through Phoenix.BTW - we left at 5:00 am, returned rental car, got shuttle back to airport, checked bags and went through security in a little over an hour!
5	I have stayed here several times now, some for extended periods (a week). It has always been an absolutely fantastic experience.The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. Anything I needed was only a phone call or trip down to the front desk away. The amenities are decent for a hotel at this price, it's incredibly convenient (~15 mins from the Airport, ~5 mins from Mill Ave/ASU), and they even have a shuttle that can take you around the area or pick you up/drop you off at the airport. There is a fitness room with aerobic equipment and dumbbells (a bit cramped, but better stocked than most mid-size hotels I've stayed in), a pool, continental breakfast, and free WIFI - I was able to conduct a 40 minute Skype call from my room without any issues.I consider myself a fairly low maintenance traveler and I always stay here solo; I was not bothered by the other complaints people have posted here (AC/facility issues), although I can see how they might be more noticeable if you have a family with you.One thing I want to add: my birthday happened to occur during a week I stayed here, and I came to my room to find a personalized, hand-written Happy Birthday note from the gallery hostess. They might do this for everyone or maybe just because I'm becoming a "regular" but either way, I was touched by this gesture and it demonstrated the consistently high level of service that I have always experienced when I stay here.
2	This happened a few months ago but I'm only getting around to writing the review now.Within the last few months I have traveled quite a bit and have stayed at Hyatt Place hotels in Nashville, Atlanta, Scottsdale and Tempe. I had a great stay at all but the one in Tempe. Let me break this down for you real quick.Location -: 4 stars for business travelers.  if you're a business traveler this location is fairly close to the airport yet not too close to be noisy. Rooms -: 3.5. Split into living and bedroom. Decently equipped with the usual fridge microwave, TV etc etc.Cleanliness -: 4 Service -: 0 Here's where things went down hill. We had a prepaid reservation for 2Nights. The first night we weren't able to make it to the hotel because of flight delays and long detours where I had to fly in to San Diego and drive from there overnight to get here for a business meeting. I wasn't able to call unfortunately to inform the hotel that I wont be able i make it the first night. We finally reached there at noon the next day and we were told that wouldn't be able to check us in until 3pm because I hadn't called ahead to let them know that we would be running late. I was also told that there might not be any rooms available. I asked the manager if she could check. She said she would have the check and that would take 25 minutes. Shocking considering she's standing right in front of the computer. 25 minutes later she still had no definite answer for me. At no point was I rude or impolite. In fact I pleaded with the front desk staff to get us into a room but to no positive result. I got changed in their lobby bathroom for my business meeting and had to leave my significant other in the lobby - poor thing had to wait for 3 hours - at dot 3pm the manger said the room was ready - they did have a rooms available but she just wasn't accommodating enough to get us into a room that was obviously available - this after a 20hour journey from Chicago to Phoenix.The explanation we were given was on the lines of "it is our policy that bla bla bla..." you get the point. However considering that this is a hotel = the hospitality business - I would expect some sort flexibility especially since I've already paid for full 2 days and I've begged and pleaded and told them what we had been through - but wasn't  allowed in to my room (or 'a' room) after a 20 hour journey.  I called online customer service and was met by a rude person on the phone - it was like "Customer Dis-service" and that was no help. I was told that I was at fault. I get it - I didn't call, I had no clue I was supposed to, especially after I had prepaid my 2 days of hotel reservations. They're not getting my business in the future.
2	It's a standard hotel, meaning okay/decent amenities but lacking in customer service.   I'm Hyatt Platinum status and just experienced a confrontation with the front desk but was unable to come to means with the staff.  I chose to walk away rather than waste my breathe.  Probably will not be staying here again over a simple "Policy" issue!
3	Great room set up! The bedroom is separated from the sitting room area (with a full pull-out bed) by a partial wall and both sides can see the television very well. The room itself was very nice and modern, with the possible exception of the shower which needed a little work. The location is close to the zoo and airport and ASU, I hear. We booked it for the zoo. They have a nice little coffee bar and bar downstairs too, which is helpful given the inaccessibility of the rest of the surrounding area to walkers.The problem with this hotel is the tiny, tiny eating area for the free breakfast. It probably only seated about 15 people, which created quite a grapple for space.
