5	I absolutely love this store! You will find the cutest things here, for both apparel and just every day lifestyle. Amongst all of the funky pocketbooks and clothing, you can also find really offbeat, cool and hilarious items, such as photo frames made out of recycled magazines, cereal bowls morphed out of vintage records, and pint glasses that have profanities elegantly scrolled across them for those most special to you. Totally unique gifts, home decor and fashion. Go check them out!
4	The Chicago snob in me was disappointed when Urban Outfitter started branching out into, well, much less urban locations. But now that I live in Charlotte, I'm glad we've got an Urban in SouthPark Mall. The store's decor and selection seems pretty similar to other locations. Some of the clothes is pretty overpriced given the poor quality. But if you dig through the sale racks, you're bound to find some cute stuff for cheap. I really like their shoe selection too. Sadly, like most hip stores, the employees don't exactly go out of their way to help you.
5	So I hopped online and did a little shopping yesterday. Urban Outfitters was a store that I had long forgotten about and what a complete shame on me. For a while I boycotted this store because I was against the masses and the fact that Urban had "sold out" to major retail malls. Initially, the store had only a few locations in very hip or up and coming neighborhoods, such as Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica. After browsing the online catalog, nostalgic memories took over and I rekindled my love for this store and we've since made up. Fans and patrons of this store are passionate about it. Shop here and you'll see why. I was first introduced to UB in Santa Monica and instantly became a fan. South Park has the only location here in Charlotte. It isn't the largest store, but it has enough variety. My advice is to shop online, as they have much a broader selection and they also have great deals. Sizing is "true to size," so a lot of their clothing is slim. If you do plan to shop online, heed my advice - go into the store and try their sizes. Urban started out as a local mom and pop consignment store somewhere in Philly. They have kept the consignment feel and sell a wide range of products. Everything from gag gifts, to Moroccan influenced furniture, pillows to new trendy electronic gifts such as turntables you can use with Ipods. If you are hip and into the current fashion trends, Urban is the place to shop. They have great clothes for men and women. Some styles are vintage, some styles are new age or a variation of the two. They also have a lot of nice accessories/jewelry for women. Many trendy stores are modeled after Urban and their style. Forever 21's mens line, Heritage 1981 for example. Although a fairly new label, I've watched it grow and model itself and it's website similar to Urban Outfitters. Urban Outfitters is also the parent store of the much loved Anthropologie chain. If you haven't had a chance to see Urban Outfitters, I highly suggest it. Great, hip, trendy fashion at moderate prices. (shop online for the deals!!) You will very likely find something you like in the store. In short, I guess Urban is the perfect store to find unique, trendy, one of a kind clothing, but at a major retail chain (huh?!). Men - just don't by my same exact shirt okay??
5	First in Arizona, then when I moved to the Charlotte area I was so happy to learn I could fall in Love all over and over again as frequently as I like in the South Park Mall. Staff is always friendly and helpful!  Clothes, Fred (Genuine), Books, Shoes, all kinds of cool Gifts, they play some cool music while you shop and a great place to fall in Love!!!Vavid ! ! !   Bring your BUS Now!
5	Okay its like an Anthropologie store but just the wild version of it. However they do have cute stuffs and very inexpensive too. I bought one of my scarf there for $4!!! And their staffs are sooo unique and nice. It a great place to find good books to read also ( I know, I'm a nerd, right?)  Seriously though it a great place to find interesting stuffs. :D xox
3	Urban Outfitters is heaven to teenagers & college kids, & for us adults, it's ok too!My lovely retro record player came from here, as well as an Al Green record, & my Kermit the Frog posable stuffed animal. They have clothing; which I don't much care for, since it's catered more towards younger folks. There are shoes, quirky gifts, books, accessories, vinyl, cameras, rugs, & much more. The staff here are primarily teenagers/college kids/early 20-somethings, but they've always been helpful, friendly, & efficient. The store is organized very well & employees are seen constantly straightening up.
1	Okay UO is pretty nice despite it's discriminatory agenda and the controversies with stealing artist's works and mass producing them, I'll admit that. But what's the harm in looking around at all the fun stuff they have for sale as long as I don't buy anything to support them right?The store is pretty nicely laid out, there are household decorations in the back, some cool clothes in the front, and trinkets and fun things scattered throughout. If they ever decide not to be homophobes, transphobes or offensive to everyone and change a few policies around I'll be more than happy to give them my money but until then it's pretty much Breakfast At Tiffany's for me.
4	I love this store, I just wish it wasn't so expensive. However, the clearance section is either hit or miss. You sometimes can get amazing deals there. The workers are really helpful as well at the South Park Location. My favorite part is the soundtrack that plays in the store. I wish I could just listen to Urban Outfitter Radio all the time.
3	You can always find something for your inner hipster here. I have a hate/love/hate relationship with this chain of stores. They have very cute stuff, they know how to choose what is trendy - but at the same time - they aren't very original and a lot of the same items can be found at other stores or online, amazon.com etc for less.They are known for hijacking designs by individual artists without paying for them - so that's kind've a turn off.
