2	That awkward moment when local competitors come write negative reviews about a store and then direct traffic to their own store....
5	Great people, will order anything I need (I have horses and they don't keep horse feed in stock at this location) great prices and so convenient. Always shop here for all my kiddos (horses and dogs :p )
5	My dog has a sensitive stomach Pet Club carries grain free food for him. The staff is knowledgeable about the products and havent steered us wrong on anything so far. We belong to their frequent shopper program and will eventually earn a free bag of food.
1	Ordinarily I have had all good experiences with this store.  I showed up at 7:53pm, when the girls working were getting ready to close for the night.  I needed to return something (I had cleared it earlier this afternoon when I was in to buy dog food with the assistant manager on duty). So when I showed up, I said you are still open right and the girl looked very annoyed with me and said actually we are closing. I said that I needed to return something and I had spoken with the assistant manager earlier.  Without really even hearing me out, this girl pretty much shot me down and was being completely unreasonable. She supposedly went to the back room to call the manager who I had spoken to's supervisor and they had relayed the message that I could not exchange what I wanted to exchange (I wasn't looking to get any money back, I just wanted to do an even exchange).  I regularly shop at this store and have until this evening always been happy with the friendly, knowledgable staff.  I can completely understand that when it's close to closing time, employees are anxious to leave as soon as possible but that level of disrespect is absolutely unacceptable and I will not be coming back to this store as a result of the store clerk's unaccommodating  behavior.  I was so upset that I left the items that I needed to return behind as I have absolutely no use for them, and stormed out.   The girl who helped me was very thin, medium height, and had dark, messy hair that didn't look like it had seen a brush in a long time.
