2	Please forgive me Yelp, for I have Chained.  It has been several months since my last descent into this red and white striped den of flair and prefabricated food.  This brazen purveyor of pseudo-good times and siren-like enticements of forbidden Jack Daniels sauce and greasy potato skins.  Again it beckoned to me at a time of weakness, sending upon me of all things...coupons.  Coupons of an almost vibrant nature.  This will not do.I maintain that I am not a regular consumer of red meat, but a couple times a month (no, not those times) I just have a taste for a burger.  I was hungry, the coupon was there on the table with the Sunday paper, colorful and bold.  I yielded.  We went.  We threw ourselves upon the harsh and jagged rocks of corporate commercial enterprise, somehow expecting that this time, yes, certainly this time, a dry and welcoming dock of quality and wholesomeness would appear.  Alas, our hopes were dashed yet again upon the vicious and uncaring granite of the soulless entity even as my wallet was washed aside, cleaned of thirty-odd dollars.I suppose I must come clean with the bitter and thankless details lest the Yelp deign that I am not repentant for my shameless forays into chaining:I had the cheesy bacon cheeseburger because if you only have a big honkin' burger a couple times a month you should do it up.  I did not fully understand the menu (I'm sticking with that story) and was surprised to find that part of the cheesy monstrosity was...fried cheese.  Bacon, cheese, burger and fried cheese.  I take some small solace in the fact that I was unable to best the cheese cheesy beasty and left nearly a third on the table.  I expect that will sate the occasional cheeseburger madness for months to come.  Overall it was an average to less than average burger.My children, for I did not spare the young, had buffalo wings which were reported to be very good, and a kids cheeseburger, which was reported to be...OK.  Nay, even not did I spare my spouse the torment of chaining, for she too was bewitched, and nearly missed being struck down by a pillar of salt.  A very small pillar.  Actually, it was just a salt shaker and it only fell in her lap but that's irrelevant.No, for my wife, fair though she may be, and long possessing of patience, no she too was possessed by the demon burger madness and partook of the very same wicked concoction which nearly bested myself at the very same table.  And hers as well was reported to be...OK.But it was with the youngest that thy peculiarities began, for the milk it was off.  No, not quite spoiled, just...off.  And off with it went the server, to return with nearly the same beverage and yet it was different somehow.  It was chocolate milk, pretty much.  Server, server!  Verily he did beseech unto us; "Is there but more that I may do for you?  Thou hast but to request and it shall be done if it be within thy powers here in this realm of wall mounted chachka's!"  Even did he say to our consternation, "Let me know if there is anything out of the ordinary you need me to take care of."  Looks we did exchange, the kind and forgiving spouse and I, looks that contained so much and could be best summed up with the phrase: "Huh?"So yes, chain we did.
3	With coupon and gift card in hand, we ventured to this chain restaurant for a Monday afternoon lunch.Hubby had the Jack Daniels steak with cheddar mashed potatoes, while I munched on fish & chips.  All in all, not too bad.  Add to that a couple of side salads and a couple of drinks and our bill was over $25.00 (even with the buy one, get one free coupon).  Certainly not what we were expecting.The hostess who showed us to our table was polite, but definitely devoid of personality.  Oh, how I miss the days of meaningless small talk & professionalism!  Our server was very attentive and actually did an above-average job.  If this particular location wasn't so darn convenient for us, we probably would have gone somewhere else.  But, optimistic as we may be, our thought was an early-bird style lunch on a Monday -  would be much better.Will we return? Maybe.Would we recommend?  I don't know. We still kinda prefer the Mom&Pop restaurants and supporting our community.
3	I like fridays the food is pretty decent I obviously order what I like to eat haven't been going back here lately though wanted to try new food but Ive been to this location a good 50 times great waiters. The bathrooms smell like septic drives me nuts and the water is scalding hot too.
4	Went there last night for late night dinner and Phillip took care of us well! Food on the same level of of others like it. Honestly the menu selection was better and we were happy with our service and meals. Pot sticker app was great, and Phillip earned extra points by offering my wife a "water to go" when we left and with her that's a big plus. Her exact words for that was "that was worth an extra two bucks on the tip right there". Compared to the restaurant we had left earlier without eating due to their service. this was night and day. Thanks to Phillip, (and you too Matt lol ;)  )  We will definitely be back again.
4	One of my favorite restaurants out here. But as of 1/28/2013, they are unfortunately permanently closed.
1	upon recieving our free entree coupon all surrounding tgif fridays restaurants closed, a nice jesture, now we cannot use the coupon terrible bussiness practice
