3	It's just a Denny's, nothing special, but....Fast, friendly service, unlike may other Denny's I've visited.Consistent food quality. I know what will be coming out of the kitchen when I order a meal at this Denny's. The Chicken fried steak is decent, so is the Buffalo chicken sandwich....and hey... I find them to be WAY better than the IHOP at Alma School & Elliot
4	Good solid Denny's. I ordered the skillet and stayed full front it a long time plus it tasted good. Can't beat the prices for a sitdown meal. I'll be in agin. Thanks for taking great care of me.
4	This was my Mother's Denny's.  She loved to go here!  She wasn't much for experimenting with wild exotic food like me.  She always suggested either Floridino's or Denny's, or take out from Boston Market.  We always had good meals here.  One of my fav's was the shrimp skewers, which I got more than once.  I think they were only $5.99 or $6.99 for 10  shrimp and two sides.  It might have been from the senior menu.  Whatever, it was always delicious and just the right amount of food, well cooked and well-flavored.  The service was efficient and friendly also.  Pretty consistent, which was probably what she liked.  No surprises.  I miss going there with her.  (Sniff)
4	This Dennys has great service, its open late, its clean and hardly crowded.
4	It's a Denny's. In the mornings it's pretty packed, food is actually decent, and you don't feel like you need to bathe after eating there. But the people watching? Classic. :)
4	This isn't just another Dennys- this is a Dennys Diner which makes it that much better. If you've ever been to a normal Dennys then you go a Diner you'll experience the difference. I've been going to this Dennys since we moved here in '04. I haven't had a bad experience there BUT and this is a big but..the a/c is typically running on way overdrive and you end up being cold the entire time that you are having your food. The bathrooms are even colder and you are better off leaving and using a bathroom elsewhere. Other then the temperature control I've never had an issue with this Dennys in years.
1	This place was gross, the review b4 me must have been the last time they CLEANED. The employees were just as rude, they sat my hubby and I at a dirty booth and the food was gross plus they got the order wrong. Do yourself a favor don't come here :))
3	Good service, big banana split desserts, and intriguing "pancake puppies".  To quote my husband, "Pancake puppies are like if a churro and a pancake had sex and the pancake laid an egg, and that egg was like balut".
4	A friend had put in our business card in the weekly drawing for a free meal, and we got picked!  The service when we went was exemplary, and the manager even came over to ask how we were doing.  The "fit fare" skillet I had was very filling and tasted great.  Upgrade an extra star!
3	This Denny's is a little out dated, but service and food is what you come to expect. Recommend!
4	I know - Denny's?  Why would anyone go there?  Well they have awesome breakfasts - free egg whites - and if you tell them what you want, they'll make it even if it's not on the menu!  I get an egg white omelette with mushrooms, onions, jalapenos and salsa.  And they are fast ... they keep your drinks refilled ... the staff are always friendly ... and they will give you drinks to go which says alot when you live somewhere that's 110 in the summer!
2	It's Denny's.  Basic American food and reasonable prices.  We did not try a "slam" here, so I can't comment on that (unlike my other Denny's reviews).  Service was adequate.  Food was adequate.  Nothing special.  We specifically went for the Lord of the Rings menu because we had sampled that on a recent birthday, and wanted to try other items (plus had a coupon).  My wife had a Shire skillet, and I had the Ring burger.  As I already said, not bad but nothing special.
4	Been here a few times.  Once with a drinking buddy after a night out and for a couple of birthdays.  Generally very nice staff, comfortable, reasonable speed and very yummy as I expect from Dennys.
1	So me and my friends went down to this Denny's at like 11:30 pm. All was fine and dandy... The waiter was really cool. I didn't eat anything but my friends did and they got sick after eating here. :/
1	Don't visit or eat at this Denny's! They won't accept online coupons! Manager when asked why not, he gave an excuse that accounting won't take it. No way to honor veterans on this Memorial Day! Next time we're eating at a local restaurant!!!
5	This place is deserving of five stars for one reason. Our server was a guy named Brady. We would normally not eat at Denny's but when the nephews are in town we have to feed them where high quantities of food are available without breaking the bank. If you're  ever in the area the unlimited pancakes go a long way to feed hungry teenagers. At any rate, Brady was extremely genuine and made our entire experience. He went as far as telling us that 2 eggs would be an additional $4.00 and to be advised if we were going to order from the $4.00 menu (which would have become an $8.00 menu). The money was not really he issue as a much as the consideration on Brady's part. I'm not sure if it's company policy or if he just took it upon himself but that was the feel of our entire experience. Thanks again Brady!
4	The "NEW! Fit Fare Alaska Salmon" is pretty damn good you can order it anytime of the day and its delicious.  On a budget?  $4.00 all you can eat pancakes or a $6.00 Classic Burger and fries.  Third shift staff is friendly and professional.
