1	Let me start this review by saying that there is a lot of really cool stuff in this store. The small store in Downtown Container park is stocked with gorgeous original artwork of pretty much any Disney character you can think of. They also have some really cute figurines and other collectables. If you are a Disney fan, this place really is a must stop. And if you have some money to burn, you might find yourself taking something home.If you can physically take it home, that is. If you are visiting Las Vegas on vacation, as people are known to do from time to time, and want them to ship a purchase home to you well ... not so much. And here in lies the reason behind me giving out a VERY rare one-star review.As I was exploring DTCP, I decided to stop in the Disney Fine Art store to look around. It was the day before Valentine's Day, and I thought I might find something here for my wife, who is a huge Disney fan. Most of the store is filled with really cool original paintings ... they're not cheap, but they have some fantastic pieces. I didn't see anything that I felt confident my wife would like, so I was hesitant to pull the trigger on an expensive piece of artwork. But I noticed these cute figurines in the back. They had one that was Kermit and Miss Piggy dining together ... my wife LOVES the Muppets, especially Kermit, so I thought this would be a perfect gift, and was entirely affordable and reasonable at $25. I asked the attendant working if they could ship it to me and she noted that it came in a box that would keep it safe. But I was doing carry-on only and was already tight on space, and I didn't want to risk it being broken, so I paid an extra $8 to have it delivered. I gave them my home address, paid with my credit card, and got a crappy handwritten receipt, plus an e-receipt via Square. After a couple of weeks went by I never received either a package, nor a message from the store stating that the package was shipped, with a tracking number provided. I called the store and got a guy who was very nice and apologetic and took my information, said he would look into it, and would call me back immediately with a status update. A couple of weeks pass again, and I've heard nothing. I don't have time to track down things I've already paid for and figure out why they haven't been shipped to me yet, so I wrote it off as a lost cause. But I figured I'd give them another chance. I called again and spoke to a lady who said she was the new store manager and that they had been busy planning a new store opening, and she was just gaining an understanding of what had been done there, etc. I didn't need to hear her story, but she sounded sincere, apologetic, and seemed like someone who had their stuff together. Finally, I thought, I'll be able to get this really cool gift that my wife would LOVE and that I have paid for delivered to me. The lady found my information on file, apologized for it "slipping through the cracks" and would contact me back by close of business with a tracking number.So guess what happened next? If you guessed nothing ... DING DING DING, you're today's big winner. I waited about 5 days, heard nothing, and filed a dispute for a refund through my credit card company. Again, let me stress that the merchandise they sell here is fantastic - some really cool stuff. If you live in the Las Vegas area and can buy and take the merchandise home that day - and afford it - you will be happy. But if they can't ship a product I bought onsite, and paid to have shipped, within a month then they should think about making their one store function properly before opening others.
2	So I come home last Friday and there's a box in the foyer. "Honey, what's in this box" I asked, trying not to sound like Brad Pitt in "Seven"."I don't know. It's yours."After brief inspection, seeing the Las Vegas return address, and a bit of thought I realized that the item I bought and paid to have shipped from Disney Fine Art over 6 weeks ago had finally arrived. Even after I had disputed the charge and my Capital One credited my account, they shipped it. I'll give them an extra star for that.But the customer service was still sorely lacking here. There was no call to explain what happened. No call or e-mail to tell me the item was on the way, or to provide a tracking number. No note with the package apologizing for the mix-up and issue. I'm a forgiving person. I understand that mistakes happen. And because they really do have some cool merch in the store, I would have bumped them up to "A-OK" three stars if I had gotten any apology or explanation on what happened. But I guess my $35 dollar purchase was insignificant compared to the hundreds of dollars that most people spend on their original artwork. That's OK - my wife did LOVE the gift, just as I thought.
2	This review is solely based upon the customer service we received at this store. (hint: NONE) The art is BEAUTIFUL - so check it out...but hopefully you will not encounter the employee that was there on Labor Day. Perhaps she didn't want to work on a holiday. Perhaps she had better things to do, but we were not acknowledged...at all...while browsing the merchandise. We were in the store for about 15 minutes and all we could hear was this employee's financial situation - and believe me, she was not being quiet about it! It was downright rude. I had questions on a few pieces that I wanted to purchase that had no prices associated with them, but perhaps I'll try to find them online. I will not go back to that store. Ugh.
3	Beautiful artwork, both framed and on canvas. Nearly every Disney movie is represented here from Lady and the Tramp and the Dalmations to modern-day favorites Brave and Frozen. Found it odd that only a handful of the prints had a pricing label, but pricing was about on par with what you'd expect for Disney merch (read: anything in a frame is probably four figures). Love the case of collectible salt and pepper shakers at a super-reasonable $25/set- wish they had more to pick from!Store is dark, difficult to tell from the outside if it's open or not. Staff barely glanced up as I entered. Not sure the Container Park or this particular unit are the most profitable place for them to be placed, as they didn't seem too welcoming to foot traffic.
