3	No one likes the dentist, but after searching around Charlotte a bit, I got a really good recommendation so I figured I would give it a go. First off the admin staff is so helpful! I was able to fax over all my previous  dental records and get a quote for my dental work even before I made an appointment. I was able to squeeze my two appointments closely together and they're open early to accommodate work schedules. My dentist was kind and gentle and so was her assistant. No dental work is fun, but I felt like the staff did their best to make everything as fast and painless as possible. An added bonus was Tonya- the office admin, called after my appointments to warn me that my insurance didn't cover everything and I would be getting a bill in the mail. As much as I didn't like the unexpected bill, I really appreciated the heads up phone call!
1	Multiple problems with this dentist office:1.  Received a notice from a collection agency after 60 days from my visit.  Upon leaving that day, I asked what my charges were and they said my balance was $0.00  There was no prior notice I had a bill of any kind from their office before the notice from the collection agency showed up.  Its not legal to send someone's bill to collections unless you can prove you contacted them at least 3 times.  Furthermore, the company must give you at least 90 days.   They didn't even bother...  The day I received the letter, I walked into their office with a check.  They refused to take it saying its out of their hands.   What kind of BS is the place trying to pull?   2.   Were extremely pushy to get me to do more than I wanted.  When I objected, they brought in 2 different people to coerce me into getting extra stuff done.  Meanwhile they insisted my insurance would cover 100% of the bill.  As it turns out, it didn't.  They were none to helpful then.3.  When I called to obtain an electronic copy of my records &  x-rays, they said there is a $50 fee to email them to me.  This is wrong on so many levels, not to mention creating a bad reputation for your business.  I cannot imagine returning or recommending a doctor who saw me as a patient and would then not provide my own records without charging me again.4.  When the dentist reviewed his findings with me, his recommendation was to have 4 procedures to cover all the problems he found.  At the front desk, the receptionist reviewed the dentist's plan and advised my next visit would cover 5 procedures.  I asked where the extra procedure came from.   I was disturbed the dentist and the receptionist were able to ascertain next steps in the 60 seconds since the dentist told me what the plan was supposed to be.  Given I was less than 15 feet away, it seems strange he didn't address this with me directly.   They also suggested I get a mouthpiece due to excessive grinding of my teeth.5.  Using another dentist office as a reference, I went in for another exam after seeing the dental connection.   The dentist was shocked after he examined me to hear 5 fillings had been prescribed by the dental connection.   He filled one and said I had no others issues which required attention.6.  When I asked the new dentist if I needed a mouthpiece to stop me from grinding my teeth, he said he saw nothing to indicate a mouthpiece was necessary.===========Update===========The previous owner of the practice called me to discuss the issues and billing questions.  He advised the practice has recently been sold to a new dentist.  Those who were there at the time of my problem no longer work there.  He was polite and apologetic for the problems I encountered.  The follow up is greatly appreciated.
1	I'd visited Dental Connections once in January. I was impressed with the front desk staff, and their willingness to make sure that all my insurance ducks were in a row prior to my visit. 6 months later at my second visit, I discovered that the office was under new management. The physical experience of having my teeth examined was fine, and the hygienist who cleaned my teeth was delightful. However, I am EXTREMELY disappointed in the front desk service regarding my insurance and payment. I understand that the relationship between insurance companies and dentists' offices are complicated. And I read that signs that it is my responsibility to be aware of insurance changes. With that said:1) I had to call once to reschedule my appointment, then I called again to confirm my appointment. Neither time was I informed that there had been a change in management and that I should double check my insurance. 2) It wasn't until I got into the office before it was explained that the insurance company would only pay 70% of my visit. And I can't help but to believe that it done by design knowing that I'd be less likely to cancel the appointment once I was there, than if I were informed over the phone.3) I just received ANOTHER bill from Dental Connections, which consequently, the insurance company did not pay 70% but in fact, I am ultimately responsible for 2/3 of the bill. So at my visit, I was informed INCORRECTLY of what my payment responsibility would be.Listen, my teeth are fine, but I judge the quality of my healthcare by the front desk staff. Patients need to feel as if they have an advocate in navigating their healthcare and their insurance, and this experience has made me feel as though I have an opponent. In addition to dealing with the insurance company, I have to make sure that the actual dentist's office isn't taking advantage as well. Who wants that kind of "service"?
5	I have always had a bit of anxiety about going to the dentist, but I am incredibly thankful for having discovered Dr. Londry and his practice! This past visit I had to go in for not only my 6 month cleaning, but I was also in need of a few fillings... He and his gracious staff were able to make me feel completely at ease throughout the entire process, and I can honestly say that it was the best experience possible... I never even felt the needle stick from the numbing medicine! It was such a relief to find a dentist who's not only very thorough, but personable, and takes great care with his patients. I would highly recommend Dr. Londry and Dental Connection to any and all who ask.
2	After expressing my dissatisfaction with my previous experience, we were able to come to an agreement about my bill that made me appreciate their willingness to be flexible. So I'll upgrade my review. That's fair.
5	With the closure of my previous dentist's office, I had to locate another (not an easy task).  Dental Connection popped up as a provider for my insurance, so I decided to give them a try after reading recent reviews and checking out their website.  [Note: Ignore the previous reviews on Yelp.  The dentists here now took over the practice about a year and a half ago, so the older reviews don't apply to them.]  Getting an appointment and checking in as a new patient was very easy (and a lot quicker than I had expected).  They had already done their homework with the information I provided over the phone.  My hygienist Melissa was very personable and did an exceptional job taking x-rays, cleaning my teeth, and setting me up as a new patient.  After she was done, Dr. Modlin ("Mike") introduced himself, and took the time to look over my chart, x-rays, and check my teeth.  He, too, was very friendly and personable.  I was given a clean bill of health, and I wasn't pressured into getting any unnecessary procedures done.   I felt confident in everyone that I spoke to at the office.  The office has modern equipment and has been recently remodeled/updated.  I look forward to returning every six months.
