4	Yo, Yogli Mogli frozen yogurt.  16 delicious flavors and 40 toppings so create your own unique yogurt treat. Found out many of the yogurts are non-fat or low-fat, just watch out for the toppings.  You have of choice to top off your yogurt with many options including fruits to nuts to gummy worms.  Pay by the oz. so be careful of how much you take.  Created a mix of strawberry and NY cheesecake.  YUM!There is a large area in the back that is empty but looks like it will be available for groups and parties.  Full of soccer teams today!
5	Delicious frozen yogurt. But i agree, watch out for how much you take because it can cost alot. With all the amazing flavors and toppings you can really get carried away. The yogurt is awesome and not watery like other frozen yogurts. The store is clean and organized. Great atmosphere.
4	I stopped by here tonight with my girlfriend for an after dinner snack.  The place is colored in bright green and orange and was so full that we couldn't even sit down. It also had 16 different flavors of yogurt and the normal toppings bar.  For my yogurt I decided on the apple pie, tart raspberry, original tart, cake batter and cheesecake topped with three gummy bears.  I especially enjoyed the tart flavors and All of the flavors were good with the exception of the apple pie.  The bottom line for me is that I would head back here in the future.  They have an exceptional selection of flavors and I do like froyo.
4	This is similar to the Happy Berry in Shadyside and is dyi service. You pour your own soft serve frozen yogurt in whatever amount you want, put on your own toppings, have it weighed, and enjoy. They are a chain that exists mostly in the South. I recommend. They even have a gathering room in the back.
4	Took my nieces and nephews and we loved it here! The shop is clean and has a fun vibe to it. There were a good amount of toppings as well so thats always a plus. Lots of yummy yogurt choices to choose from. Gotta give a try! :)
4	This was my first visit here and for the quality, options and price...I'm hooked and probably suggest coming here to the special lady every other night. I can't elaborate really; you just have to go to this self serve, pay by the ounce frozen delicious treat place for yourself to experience it. I can't imagine that you will be any less than satisfied.
5	Nostalgic indulgence!  This brings be back to the ice cream sundae birthday parties I attended as a child, although it's now frozen yogurt ... so that MUST be healthier right?  Grab a cup, pick your flavor(s), and then add as many toppings as you'd like.  My personal favorite flavor is the Green Apple Sorbet - a cool and tart treat that's light in the stomach but not on flavor.  It's my go-to tasty treat.
5	Froyo at its finest. Clean space. Check! Bright colors. Check! Comfortable seating. Check! Flavors and toppings galore. Check! The flavors also frequently change. My favorite so far- cinnamon roll. Think Cinnabon but soft serve. Serve yourself. Mix and match flavors. Add your toppings at the toppings bar. The fruit is always fresh-cut and prepared that day. My only criticism is that the brownies in the toppings bar are huge. This would be more for a brownie sundae ala mode, not as a topping per say. Note: this seems to be the local after school hang out as many teenagers filed in the back space while I was eating. It did get a little loud.
5	Very good. Nice selection of flavors. Fun atmosphere. Great location!
5	Yogli Mogli, Yogli Mogli, Yogli Mogli!!  I love the name of this joint.  Try saying it fast 3 times!  With a plethora of yogurt stores everywhere, why not try another one? The day we visited, we were impressed by how super clean the store was.  Typical of these types of stores, there is all that info posted proclaiming the health benefits.  That's okay, but I wasn't really feeling guilty about coming here in the first place.  We were impressed by the flavors.  We had such a difficult decision!  In the end, we opted for toasty choices.  We got French Toast and Toasted Marshmallow.  I swear, the marshmallow reminded me of 4-H camp, only not hot.  And the French Toast was divine!  We also liked all the fresh fruit topping choices, but instead went straight for the rainbow sprinkles and walnuts.  The yogurt seems a little creamier here.  And richer.  I love this place!
4	I must say, I am impressed by Yogli Mogli!The interior is bright and cheerful, towards the back there is a copious amount of tables and chairs, and everything is clean.Most of the yogurt flavors were sweet, they only had 2 tart varieties - plain and raspberry. There are plenty of candy and cereal toppings as well as fresh fruits and popping pearls. There are 2 tables to sit at that are outside the store front. bonus points to the site for pitting out a water bowl for the dogs passing by with their owners.
4	I love Yogli Mogli! Definitely my favorite froyo shop in the area. I just wish their toppings bar had more variety and was more sanitary.
5	One of the cleanest frozen yogurt shops I have been to! Someone is always cleaning something whenever I visit. They change half of their flavors frequently, while their 8 most popular flavors stay the same. They have the most flavors out of any froyo shop around!The staff is also very welcoming and friendly! They have daily specials and have a frequent buyers program! If you haven't checked this place out, you definitely should!
