4	One of the few highlights of the Fremont Street area.  It's like a Wall Street type steakhouse, with friendly staff and good food.  It doesn't rate 4 stars on a national level, but it's head and shoulders above the competition within a 5 mile radius of Fremont St.
4	I have dined at Triple George several times and each and every time I go it seems to get a little better. They finally started taking reservations too! They serve very large portions at a great price and the service is very efficient yet friendly. It reminds me of alot of restaurants in the Bay Area which to me is a welcome relief from the Strip. Some of my favorites are the Porcini crusted Rib Chop and the Porterhouse. Unlike other steakhouses Triple George adds a vegetable and starch choice to their entree making it a great deal. If you are tired of getting gouged by the restaurants on the strip and the rude service that Las Vegas strip restaurants seem to give do yourself a favor and try triple George.
4	I can't give the most thorough review of the Triple George, but based on what I've seen/tasted, this place is great.  Especially for downtown, it's the tops.I sampled plate of Caprese Canapes while at the attached Sidebar and it was absolutely delicious.  Slightly toasted french bread topped with tomato, marinated mozz and fresh basil, it was beyond delicious.  While there, I peeked into a wandered through the last quests of the night enjoying their meals and the ambiance was delightful.  You pretty much forget that you're downtown.  It's dark and intimate without being claustrophobic.Once, they were grilling some food for free outside when I happened to come by.  I got myself a burger.  As this was a free publicity thing, I wasn't expecting something so think, juicy and wonderful.  If the free food out front is that good, I definitely need to try what's inside.  I'll do that soon and update this review.
4	Ate here Friday night with some friends. I had heard many good things about it, but had never been before. The place was very nice and the food was even better. I had the petite filet and rice pilaf. The filet was cooked perfectly and was a great steak. A little pricey, but thats ok for such a classy little place. The Staff was totally on top of things, but maybe thats because it was very empty in there. Either way, our waiter was great. I am surprised that a nice little place like this was so dead on a Friday evening with it being just steps from the chaos that is Fremont street. I guess the tourists are more interested in shrimp cocktails and drinking large beers out of football shaped plastic glasses...well, thats fine with me. Its nice to have good places to eat that are not overrun by tourists and drunk twenty somethings.
4	This place has a lot of 5-star food, like the half chicken (so moist!), pork chop stuffed w/ apples and goat cheese (ridonculous), and mushroom soup (only on the menu as a special), but also has some not-too-exciting fare like the chicken sandwich (kinda dry). this place is definitely a lunch spot, where you'll find it overflowing w/ white-collared lunchies, but i find the food better for dinner. it's just too bad the place is pretty empty at night. regardless, the food is excellent, the meats grilled to perfection.
5	They have the freshest sea food I have had in Las Vegas.But be warned...they are closed on Sundays.
4	Great semi-casual steak house with a cool San Francisco vibe, friendly service and an adjacent bar (The Sidebar) where hipsters can drink, smoke AND dine from the TGG menu! Awesome comfort food (bacon-wrapped meatloaf ... O - M - G!)  at fair prices and wonderful (but overpriced) cocktails. Their martini of the day is always a great deal though. Love the valet parking too. Could do without the loud Harley's going up and down the street, but this is due to its location next door to Hogs & Heifers.  Highly recommended!
5	The best food I've ever had in Vegas. Awesome steak. Good service. Fair price.
2	.  Our waiter quickly appeared for our drink orders, water, and recited the day's specials.  We received a complimentary relish tray and placed our orders.  Ms. Westie opted for the evening's special, sesame crusted Ahi tuna served with mashed potatoes and mixed seasonal vegetables. The tuna was served rare so it was sent back to the kitchen until it was suitably medium rare.  I could tell something was amiss when a frown appeared on Ms. Westie's forehead as she took a few bites.  The tuna was extremely tough and the potatoes had been genetically re-mastered resulting in an out-of-worldly consistency and flavor. I fared only slightly better with the seafood cioppino - shrimp, mussels, crab, white fish, clams and scallops in a somewhat spicy tomato sauce.  We concluded the meal with a bread pudding that was tasty, but too heavy.
2	I wanted this restaurant experience to be better than it was. The idea of a hip, New York-style, off-strip steakhouse in downtown Las Vegas is very appealing, but sadly 3xGeorge falls short.Service was good. The steaks were good (although one of them was overcooked and sent back)...but I don't want "good", I want "great", dammit!The biggest problem is that "Hogs and Heifers" is right next door, and there are a bunch of fat, tattooed yahoos revving their bikes loudly throughout the night with no consideration for, or awareness of, anyone else in the vicinity. Not that I blame 3xGeorge for that, but it doesn't help the overall dining experience.
4	I had my nice Vegas birthday dinner here.  Food was great, service was great, and it was close off the fremont strip.  Was definately a great place for an evening dinner date!
5	So happy I found this place, right off Fremont street. Make a right down (from LV blvd) 3rd  towards Hogs and Heffers.  Had a killer wedgie salad,; can't wait to have the pot roast. I need to make a turn around to Vegas. We'll see.Priced well!
3	I had lunch here with a friend and we sat at the bar. I had the New York steak. Unfortunately, the steak was not as good as I hoped it to be. For the price, I guess that is what I get. My friend had the country fried steak and it was very good. The sourdough bread was very tasty. The service was alright. Our server/bartender was a little detached from his duties. This is a decent place to have lunch. They have ten items for under ten dollars. Parking is quite a challenge, you have to valet if you want to be close. If not, you are going to have to park at the Lady Luck or use a street meter.
5	Went down soooo looking foward for iceberg wedgie and pot roast, come to find out their closed on Sunday. So bummed, can't wait o go back. Plan B Red Sushi in Golden Nugget, Killer!
5	I love this place, after taking a large group here a few years ago for a cocktail party, we now eat here every time we visit Vegas. It is hard to find and kind of in a bad part of down town but the food is great!!
5	My husband and I have been here 4 times in the past 6 months and have to say it's one of our favorite restaurants.  We live in Vegas and love to go here because the waiters and bartenders are so great as well as having wonderful food.  I agree with an earlier post that Todd is the best bartender.  But I disagree 100% that Brian is a bad server.  We had him on our first time and have requested him ever since.  Maybe you just had him on an off day.  He is always attentive and our food is right every time.  Recommend - Shrimp Cocktail, Crab Cocktail, Steak, Crab Legs, Chopped Salad, Chocolate Chip Cookie and Apple/Berry Cobbler.  The drinks are strong and nothing is to expensive.  ENJOY!!!!  Now I want to go back tonight!
4	Love the bar.Love the service.Love the beef.But most of all, I love the downtown, low key atmosphere coupled with the classic long bar.  Sidebar is tempting for a martini after work and I just haven't gotten there yet.PS:  fantastic cocktails from the great bartenders.
5	AAAAAAAAAWWW Finally got my fix.  Thanks Triple George for making my trip top notch. By the way, the pork chops, impeccable. Crab cocktail, same. Love you!!
4	Great for a business lunch; definitely a 12 to 1 crowd.  All of the dark wood and semi private tables make it perfect to meet with your loan shark or favorite wise guy.  The service was excellent!
2	Lovely atmosphere with dark wood and old pictures a U-shaped bar and priviate dining booths.  Service was excellent and the lounge (not open at lunch) looked very interesting.  We were sorry we hadn't come later in the day for cocktails instead of stopping in for lunch.  The food was totally mediocer.  Our group had oysters on the half shell (boring), crispy chicken salad (large and nicely done), reuben sandwiches (OK) and baked cod that was actually breaded, fried and tasteless with mashed potates (cold) and a broccoli/zucchini medley that was ok.  Bloody Mary cocktail was spicy -- too much so to be enjoyed.  High-moderate prices for just ok food.We'll try them for cocktails only next trip.
2	Ok really what happened to the food? I loved the clubby feel of the restaurant. It was very much a place that reminded me of back east with its dim lit recesses. However, seriously WHAT HAPPENED TO THE FOOD?We got oysters that were actually very tasty. I would order those again. It was a good start. I was excited.I ordered a steak sandwich which came and had a thin grisly piece of meat, probably the cheapest cut from Sysco. Why I was asked how I wanted my meat cooked is beyond me because this cheap piece of meat was incapable of being cooked any other way than done. It was encased by a plain dry white hoggie roll, topped with one slice of seemly unwashed lettuce and one slice of tomato and red onion and chipotle mayo on the side.However the saddest part of that plate was the INSTANT mashed potatoes. They just broke my heart sitting there sad, flavorless and gelatinous on my plate.Why would you do that to your patrons? Why? The other half got a burger which was adequate. The meat was thick, the onions flavorful, bacon thick and crispy. The vegetables were a shining star lots of flavor, good variety and cooked al dente. However the plate ran into trouble because the flavorful juicy vegetables were right next to the burger on the plate which by the time it was served made the burger bun soggy. It would be an easy fix to put the veg. in a ramekin. The fries were ok. Overall, drinks and bar, service and Atmosphere A++++, 5 stars, but the foods was really disappointing.
4	Sketchy neighbourhood but OK in the early evening.Valet parking available immediately on third street or there is a municipal lot across the street that is free Mon-Wed.Nice icy cocktails refreshed the palate before the meal. Plus guinness on tap. Good solid comfort food. I had the pot roast and my friend the bbq baby back ribs. Both rapidly disappearred. Supposedly it is the lawyer hang out in town for power lunches because of its proximity to the court house and a few prominent law offices. Decor is quite cool. Small isolated booths with wood everywhere. Quiet enough for conversation, loud enough for privacy.
5	I've been frequenting Triple George since I started working downtown so I've had lunches, dinners and it's a favorite spot for happy hours. A couple of my favorites are the Ahi salad and the George burger for lunch and the 10 under $10 is also a great value. Can't go wrong with any of those choices either. The baby back ribs are great. As far as happy hour the lemon drop packs a serious punch! But I've tried quite a few of their other martinis and never been disappointed. At this point I think I have tried almost every appetizer but I am a fan of the wings and the calamari. You also can't beat the service and if you are sitting outside you get the added bonus of people watching. You can also find a coupon, at least for dinner, on restaurant.com
5	What's not to like about this downtown Las Vegas dining/pub?  I'll admit it is one of my favorites for drinks after work.  The crew is very personal and their hospitality just oozes with being your best friend.  Guess that is why I keep returning!Todd and Jerry both can entertain and ensure you always have a full drink.The restaurant always has some incredible steaks well prepared and fresh seafood....always check out the daily specials.It might seem difficult to get too off the many one-way streets downtown, but off 3rd and look for the valet sign and once you drop off your keys, you are just steps away from a memorable evening.
3	some friends and i were strolling around fremont street and wondered off onto a side street and found triple george...so- we went inside and to our surprise, there was a swanky bar for us to make it our happy hour before dinner drinks spot...the drinks were good and old fashioned. it was comfortable and we stayed and talked about the old photos on the wall and how we should come back for dinner sometime and get one of those hidden wood booths to sit in...i give it some stars for the drinks -minus the food...i will come back again.
4	We had tickets to a show and had about an hour to eat, we called ahead to make sure they could get us in and out in time and they said 'No problem, just tell the waiter you are trying to get to a show and they'll take care of you.'  When we got there, they were expecting us and got us seated right away. We ordered drinks, I had an excellent filet mignon. We even had time for desert and pictures, taken by our waiter.The manager even stopped by to make sure we were going to be on time. When we asked about a cab they told us it would be quicker to walk over to the cab stand at the hotel a couple blocks away.These guys went above and beyond to get us to our show on time but made it seem like it was no big deal.We will be back for sure the next time we are in town and we will also be telling all our friends about the best steak in Vegas.
4	i haven't ate here  in a few months but i used to eat here a lot like 2 times a week it's  a old vegas style restaurant  the service  and food has always been good and  they have the best calamari in las vegas they also  have a 10 under 10$ lunch menu and  i really like the bread and relish dish you should  cheek out the website.  http://www.triplegeorgegrill.com/
4	One of the best places for a nice business lunch.  Great atmosphere, right in the heart of downtown/Fremont St. Chicken Christopher is one of my favorite dishes at Triple George. Menu pricing is very reasonable considering the quality of the food and service.
4	If you're tired of the same, over the top, over priced restaurants on the Strip I'd recommended you head downtown to Triple George.  It has a great atmosphere reminding me of the old days in Vegas that I've only seen in the movies.  The menu is excellent and staff helpful and courteous.  I've had many friends who at first gave me a puzzled look when I recommended a downtown restaurant later thank me for introducing them to this establishment.
5	I wish they would bring back the stroganoff, but I keep going back for other things. The food is great and the valet always hooks us up with great parking in front of the restaurant when we show up with a few cars from our club.Sidebar, next door, is fun as well.
5	A must every time I go to Vegas. New York Strip steak rare and a martini. Amazing. Nicole gets the pot roast. Amazing. Sean gets the fish sticks because he is a giant child. But they are still amazing. Wanna really get the full experience? Sit at the bar.
5	Really good food and amazing service.  We ended up coming here all three nights we were in Vegas because the two bartenders were so freaking nice.  They have a great happy hour with good size drinks.  The happy hour prices were so amazing for Vegas.  I definitely would recommend going here and hanging out in the bar.  Really good times.
4	Triple George Grill has a very Rat Pack feel to it.  I just feel cool when I walk in.  It's also happens to be an amazing steak and seafood restaurant at an amazing price point.In the sea of steakhouses in Las Vegas, I can't afford many of them!  Triple George Grill is a classy, tasty, and fantastic restaurant that won't break your bank.  It is the perfect place to take visiting relatives, a date, or even a casual dinner with the spouse.  It's also a great place for lunch.  They have some of their best entrees from the dinner menu priced at only $10 for lunch.Some recommendations:- The petite New York steak (comes with a starch and delicious, buttery veggies) is only $17!- The petrel sole is a great fish entree- Bacon wrapped meatloaf- Cioppino (one of the pricier entrees at $24, but it's very yummy)But the best thing about this restaurant is...the BREAD.  You get a steaming fresh sourdough loaf right to your table.  It is hot, soft, tangy, and will be in your belly in no time!
5	Feels so good to get my fix. Halibut AMAZING! Its way to long since I've been here.  Wish we had you in The LBC
1	Seriously, I am stunned at why there are so many good reviews about this place. I'll start by saying that I would normally give a place a second try if it wasn't the best experience.. as there re many factors as to what can go wrong on any night of service.. but this was so far less than mediocre that I don't have any desire to go back. From the start when my group of 4 walked in at 8pm, the bar was packed, but the booths were nearly empty as we took a stroll to look around. We did not get seated right away, but we were early. The server didn't approach our table for nearly 10 minutes after we sat, and was in the vicinity at least 4 times... Finally,  she arrived and after ordering 3 martinis, that all came in completely different fashion than ordered.. and taking 15 minutes to get that sorted out.. it was at least 25 minutes before the server returned again. She was a mess.. and it didn't get better. I had the wedge salad which was just fine, and my friends all had the Soup of the day - Jambalaya... which isn't soup.. and actually was 'gumbo' by my account.. and was actually very good. A friend had a caesar that he said tasted stale. It tasted overly fishy to me and unbalanced. (We had it taken away which is how he ended up with the gumbo, jambalaya, soup thing)For the main course we ordered 3 steaks and a seafood pasta dish. The  steaks were very poor quality. I mean the ribeye was $32 .. and while that isn't the most expensive price for a steak of that sort, its a pretty hefty price tag for a garbage piece of meat.  It was ALL fat.. not marbled evenly and not very good grain to the meat at all.. just trash. I literally had 3 bites. Were it not for the martini and the 2 glasses of wine, I may have cared more.. but I was sharing with my friend and she switched with me for the seafood pasta. Every, single scallop.. we counted 6 .. was sandy.. which to my knowledge means unwashed or from a can.. and unwashed. The sauce was meant to be some form of scampi I thought, but it was watery and thin and just not that good. Any of these complaints were not registered because the server never came back to check on us.Ok, longest story short.. the server didn't return to the table until the check was dropped. The bussers basically took care of us until that point. Not only was the caesar salad on the check, but she added an 18% gratuity to the bill.  Is this standard practice for sub par service and food? She was no where to be found, and my companions decided to leave it since we  would not be returning. 'I would not consider going to this place ever again unless something drastic happened, like it changed ownership. Honestly it was bad.
5	Visited T-Georges again last night with friends.  Sat at the bar for drinks and appetizers.  The staff was friendly, drinks were awesome and Artichoke/Spinach dip was the best!
2	I'd say four or five stars for being a cool, off the beaten path, downtown location. It's directly next to Hogs & Heifers biker bar on 3rd street and it seems the only way to park on the one-way street is via motorcycle or valet service. I met up with my man for his lunch break, he works downtown, and he surprised me by taking me to this hidden venue. I love the decor and the old school Las Vegas ambience inside. It's classy, but with an edge, and I was very excited to try it out.Unfortunately the two stars is for service / food. We were seated in one of the big wooden booths, which is great for privacy, but also where we seemed to be forgotten about, being out of eyesight. I ordered an iced tea (I know surprise surprise I didn't order alcohol, but it was only 1:00 and I still had to hit the gym with a friend at 5), and I had to ask for a lemon wedge four times before receiving one. Then I only got a refill after asking for one, when my glass had been empty for over ten minutes.I wasn't complaining at that point, we were busy reading and talking over Las Vegas Weekly, figuring out what to do that weekend.On to the food:I ordered a club sandwich on marbled rye and added swiss cheese. The man ordered a caesar salad and a potato leek "soup of the day". The caesar salad was small and wasn't too great, tasted like a generic grocery store brand dressing. The sandwich was okay, pretty uninspiring, but then again I did order a club, so I didn't expect anything too fancy. However, I really wanted dijon mustard, but the server didn't check on us or how the food tasted for another 15 minutes. By that time my boyfriend had finished all of his food while I only took a few bites, waiting for mustard. I finished almost all of the fries though. By the time I got my mustard and put it on the sandwich, the man had to go back to work, so I took the rest in a to-go box. Needless to say: I thought the ambience and location was pretty cool, but the service and food was sub-par. I might return for just a martini though, based on some of the other reviews.
4	This was a gem of a find  its like walking back in time and you would expect the rat pack to walk in at any time.  Very cool decor. I had a Wedge salad and onion soup. My husband had the Turkey burger. The portions are huge so go hungry.  The food is fabulous
4	Great place for a business lunch or a intimate dinner.  I have been going here for over 3 years and it always reminds me of that classic downtown hideaway that you only find out about through a recommendation from your barber.It's located off 3rd street between Steward and Ogden.  Best way to get there is to head East on Steward from Main Street and hanging a left on 3rd.  Parking is valet which is not bad for a tip or you can park at the Horseshoe garage and walk over.   The fare ranges from your steak and salads to seafood and pasta.  For lunch I like the Steak Sandwich and Salads.  For dinner, the Porchinni Rubbed Ribeye or Shrimp George are great options, on an off night I might go for the Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf.  I am also really drawn to the sides of julienne carrots and zucchini that is served with most meals, they must be drowned in butter or something.The staff are really friendly and helpful.It's a nice relaxing place to grab a good meal with a friend that's a little more comfortable than you typical Outback but at the same time not as pricey or pretentious as you Bellagio Prime Steakhouse.
3	Good place for lunch.  The menu food is a bit pricey to me (what can I say, sometimes I can be cheap).  However, they have an excellent Ten Under $10 lunch menu.  I've had the Grilled Chicken Breast off that, which was excellent -- very moist and hit the spot when I was on the healthy wagon.  I also had a special of the day once, some type of turkey wrap, which was not as good. However, my friend tells me that in her former life as a waitress, special of the day usually translates to crap the restaurant is trying to get rid of.  So that may or may not have factored into that.Although I haven't had it, my co-workers tell me the Reuben is also pretty good. Another tip -- if there's more than two people in your party for lunch, I recommend making lunch reservations. The place gets really full during the lunch hour.  The last time I went with people from work, there wasn't a table available and we had to sit side by side at  the counter.  While that works for two people, it doesn't so much for five! The food is consistently good and I think the decor/ambiance adds to the experience.
3	Based upon good reviews, I made arrangements for me and out-of-town family to have dinner here.  The service was incredibly slow and our food brought out haphazardly.  The steaks were also not cooked the way they had been requested.  We had 7 in our party but they tacked on the 18% gratuity despite the menu saying for 8 or more; we had it removed.  For the total of the bill, we were pretty disappointed.On the good side, it is located right by Fremont St but dine away from the crowds.  The parking garage right across the street is free with validation. My niece mentioned my fiance & I were getting married that weekend and we were presented with a complimentary chocolate dessert, from the menu, which was amazing!
4	Being in Vegas for a baseball tourney my wife and I were looking for a quick place to grab a bite to eat. I had a craving for a good steak and TGG didn't disappoint. I had the New York Steak (Baked Potato & Vegetables) my wife had the Shrimp Scampi (Mashed Potato & Vegetables). The place is a great value and is in good location, close to the Fremont Street Experience. I recommend this to anyone looking for a good meal at a reasonable price.
5	The last couple times I decided to try their "comfort" food. I had the chicken pot pie and it was extraordinary. seasoned perfectly and the crust was tender and flakey. The chicken fried steak was pretty good as well.We always ask for Ryan to be our server. He always does an outstanding job.
3	Went for happy hour last week. Had the Caesar salad and the tuna appetizer. The food is good, salad is fresh and crisp. Tuna is nicely prepared with a tasty sauce on the side. The only reason I give it a 3 instead of 4 is the way they were doing the happy hour. We sat out side of the restaurant and the waiter said the only way to the get the happy hour price is that we have to either sit inside at the bar or sit outside in front of Sidebar, which is only 10 feet away. We were completely confused by that rule because it made no sense at all.Anyways, great neighborhood cafe, definitely worth the happy hour just make sure to sit in the right section.
4	We found this place on the web and saw the reviews from local customers - it is a true find in downtown Las Vegas. It is a mere block or two off of Fremont and the kind of neighborhood bistro you'd find in any great city. I had the NY strip and my son ordered the black and blue special (a rib eye with a blue cheese crust). They could probably get away with a little less blue cheese - but that was the only minus for our meal. Our server Marti was fantastic and the assistant servers were equally attentive. My steak was huge and cooked to perfection (medium with a warm red center). The Caesar is a creamy house made dressing and extremely well prepared. Your entree comes with a bountiful side of steamed vegetables and a starch - depending on the entree. The prices are below the other downtown or strip steak places but the atmosphere and food quality is equal to the high end restaurants and you're not paying ala carte for your side dishes. The salad was not included, however. So, in terms of value and food quality this place cannot be beat. Apparently it's a hot ticket at lunch time when the city's movers and shakers eat during the week. I'm not surprised.
4	My first visit was a couple of Friday's ago because some friends were getting together for cocktails and cigars! Yeas, they are guy friends and NO I don't smoke cigars. Well, I would have tried it at least, but I have not smoked for 1 year now and didn't want to push my luck! We sat at the bar for dinner, which was really just salads BUT THEY WERE AMAZING! I think we all had the chopped salad and considering it was stinking hot outside that really hit the spot! The waiter was fantastically amusing! And attentive. The drinks were generous and I'm sure the good tips we left didn't hurt our service! Next visit I would love to sit in one of the little booths because it looked really romantic. Well, old Vegas style romantic. Dark wood, soft lights, great atmosphere! Later we went and sat outside so the boys could smoke and the patio was great as well. Much entertainment watching the folks at other extablishments...quite amusing! We are actually all bikers, so being next to that other place gave us a great view of some pretty awesome bikes. But we much prefer the ambiance of Triple George, I  guess we are just a sophisticated lot! LOL!The boys tired out early and rode off on their bikes leaving us girls to entertain ourselves! We wandered next door to the Sidebar, which I guess is "related" to the George! The music was hopping and the crowd was a little young for me, but they were amusing and did not seem offended that us "old folks" were hanging out there! A little bit of dancing in that small space was enough for me, but the music and videos were hopping! Very much enjoyed our time there! My group intends to make Triple George a regular part of our Fremont Fridays! I can't wait to try it again, as soon as I stop galavanting around the country and stay home on a Friday night!
4	Good food, but a bit pricy for lunch.  I have supposed to have several meetings at this place that don't seem to happen, so I was excited that my friend wanted to meet me there for lunch.  I looked at the menu and thought holy ----!  The cheapest item was $9 and did not appeal to me.  Given the frequency that I go out to lunch, I try to keep it with tip around $12, so I knew this place was blowing my lunch budget.Don't get me wrong, the food was delicious.  Just a little of above my comfort price range for the downtown area.  Of course, it is the upper class place to go for lunch/meeting in the area and of course, I saw someone I would have preferred not to see, but that is how it goes in the legal community.  They all hang around the courthouse!
5	The bread they serve as you wait for your meal is awesome!!Great old-school vibe with an awesome long bar with a full menu. Great for lunch or a cozy quiet eveningRecommend the salmon or steak. Classic yet perfectly prepared every time!!
2	I came here with a group of co-workers during a recent trip to Vegas for a sales meeting. This place was picked by our manager. I read some reviews before we got there and was expecting a great experience, but I definitely left disappointed.I will start by saying that the service was excellent, and they were very accommodating for our large group. Everything about the food was very average. We ordered quite a selection of the appetizers and nothing really stood out for me. The best part may have been the garlic bread that came with goat cheese marinara.I ordered the NY strip rare and it came out medium. It was a very disappointing piece of meat. No one else in the group was impressed with their meals, although the one person who got the porcini-crusted ribeye seemed very happy.I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. It's Vegas, and there are many other restaurants that are way better.
4	I came here the other day with some colleagues for a lunch courtesy of a vendor who wanted to pitch us.  Yes, where there is a free lunch, I will follow.  I had never heard of the Triple George Grill.  I just knew we were going deep in the heart of Downtown to get there.  In the left armpit of the Fremont Experience lies a couple of different places I have yet to make the acquaintance of including a fun looking bar called Hogs and Heifers Saloon (note to self: I'll be back).  And of course, Triple George.The place definitely appears to be the spot for lawyers to meet up and take clients out, possibly after getting their asses kicked at a morning hearing in court.  The dark wood interior of the bar and high-backed booths makes the place look intimate and cozy to the point you want to order the Oscar Goodman lunch special (just a Bombay Sapphire martini).  Maybe some other time.I ordered the ahi salad to which I say, AH-YIPPEEEE, give me more of that.  Pieces of perfectly seared ahi topped the mixed greens, shredded red cabbage and carrots and fresh ginger with a light ginger dressing.  To die for.  Although that day someone was treating me to this lunch, I would have definitely spent the $14.95 for this salad.  It was just that damn good.If lunch is this good, I'm definitely coming back for dinner.  When I come back for dinner, I'm getting a martini and having a nightcap at Hogs and Heifers next door.
4	Great food, semi-private booth seating was a nice touch. The George burger was outstanding, as was the Cobb salad. Even with a restaurant.com certificate, it was a little pricey, but that was because I was SO hungry, I ordered two entrees. The waiter didn't think I could finish them both. Ha, I did. Service was friendly and very efficient. Glasses were never left empty and the bleu cheese dressing HAD to have been homemade, scoring major points from me. The Fremont Street area needed more gems like this one!
4	I ate here for lunch, with my mother and my husband and we all agreed it was wonderful!Normally I don't pay too much attention to ambiance, however it really jumped out at me at this place! They have booth seating in a way that makes your dining experience feel very private. I never realized how enjoyable that could be. I LOVED the bread! I loved it so much I kept going back to it and taking bites of it throughout the entire meal! Now that's good bread.I ordered the Pot Roast and found it to be tender, very tasty and well complimented by the mashed potatoes. It came with steamed carrots and broccoli. The only downside to that was, I tend to prefer my carrots cooked with the pot roast, not separately, but in spite of this I very much enjoyed my meal. All around good experience!
4	4.5 starsExcellent downtown spot once you figure out where to park. Triple George is in an area of downtown Las Vegas which is a few blocks from a serious high crime area. I would say this part is "transitional" and lunch seemed fairly safe. Between three of us, we sampled the ahi salad, pot roast and burger. Everyone agreed the food here is excellent. Prices are reasonable and the ambiance is very nice.This is definite must-try!
3	We our regulars at TG and love the food and service.  My only complaint is the way they manage to increase our bill when using Restaurants.com.  We had the special - grilled ahi and shrimp George.  When our bill ended up being $10 more than it should be the waitress told us there was an up charge of $3.75 for the bleu cheese mashed potatoes (versus the regular mashed potatoes that came with the entree) and that their software "ghosts" the up charge.  It still ended up being $5 more than it should have been.  Bottom line, great food, great service and great ambiance.  Just watch that bill!
4	Went here with my girlfriend for my birthday dinner. I was sunburnt, tired, and had a headache. This was the perfect antidote to my ailments. The atmosphere is low-key, and semi-upscale but done with an old school charm. The food is straight forward red blooded American man food. My filet was cooked perfectly to order and was served with standard vegetables which were pretty good, but unspectacular. I took down a ton of complimentary bread before my meal, so the hearty portion size was a little intimidating.I loved the old school Vegas vibe it had near Fremont Street. I loved that they didn't try too hard. The food is better than average, but it will not blow you away. This is all a nice change from most Vegas restaurants these days. Prices were pretty good compared to other Vegas restaurants.
4	Great atmosphere for a old school Las Vegas experience.  The favorites listed on the menu were great - table favorites were the burger and the pot roast.   Great service and nice wine list.  I will return.  If you get there around 6pm, you can get a nice parking spot on 3rd street.
5	I have a new favorite place to eat downtown!  It's a classic Las Vegas feel restaurant with good service and great food.  The prices are not overly expensive and portions are perfect!  My favorite, CHICKEN POT PIE!!  Great fall dish!  My boyfriend enjoyed the Pot Roast!  We are returning soon!
5	I took my mom to lunch at Triple George Grill yesterday and had a great experience.  Mom ordered the Crab Louie salad which she loved; big chunks of crab, homemade dressing etc.  I ordered the chopped salad which had chunks of avocado and fresh tomatoes - delicious!  The service was so good I gave the waiter a 22% tip and wrote excellent service on the receipt.Also - this is a great place to take clients when you want them to sign your contract!Here are my tips to having a positive dining experience:1) I always ask the wait staff to tell me their favorite menu items or the signature items of the restaurant.  If they don't know or don't eat at the restaurant, I never go back.2) If the service is bad, I let the manager know so they can do something to fix it.3) If the service is truly awful, I ask for a new waiter.4) I always tip well - most waiters really do care and they deserve to be compensated.  I usually tip 15% for mediocre service and one time the service was so bad I gave the tip directly to the bus boy.
4	I have heard of this place since I moved to Las Vegas 6 years ago, but just visited for the first time last week on a lunch break from jury duty. Attention locals:  Brighten your jury duty day with a lunch at the Triple George.  There is enough time to walk here from the courthouse, have lunch, and return during your one hour lunch.The decor is old style with dark wood and a long bar area with plenty of seating surrounded by booths.  There were a handful of people having lunch when I arrived.  The bartender was quick to offer drinks and take my order.  I got the steak sandwich.  When it came out I was a little surprised, but to be fair it is true to the menu.  It was a new york steak (very well cooked) unsliced on a bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, and some sort of garlic sauce.  Once I got over the bit of shock, it was really good.They have a section of the menu that is all under $10 if you want to grab a cheap, quick bite to eat in the fremont street area.
4	This review is based on two visits to Triple George Grill.  Overall, I found this restaurant/bar haunt on the edge of downtown to be an excellent provider of comfort food.  But there were ups and downs.The first occasion followed an enjoyable Las Vegas Yelp Book Club meeting, as I dined with a few fellow Yelpers, including our Community Manager, Misti Y.  We began with very good warm sourdough bread, followed by a nice complimentary relish tray which contained green and black olives, hot red and green peppers, gerkins, and carrot sticks.  On the second occasion I had to ask for a relish tray, but it then quickly arrived. Slightly peppery Calamari was very good dipped in either a mild Marinara Sauce or an excellent Lemon Butter Sauce that was presented on request without extra charge.Excellent baked French Onion Soup was both hot and cheesy.  The Cheese was Swiss, and the crouton bread that broke down quickly in the hot broth.  Only a little patience is required to allow the crouton time to melt.  On the first visit, soup was followed by a very good Caesar Salad with Parmesan splinters and tasty clusters of toasted Romano Cheese.  On the second, an equally fine George's Chopped Salad was served.  This dish featured Iceberg Lettuce, tomatoes, green onion, bacon, bleu cheese crumbles, and ample avocado chunks all tossed in a flavorful Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing.Both entrees I ordered were delicious.  One was Bacon-Wrapped Meatloaf and mashed potatoes, served with excellent Brown Gravy, mushrooms, green beans, carrots, and onions.  To my surprise, I liked this dish even better than I did the Pancetta Wrapped Meatloaf with Mushroom Gravy I had recently enjoyed at Postrio, and later praised.On the second outing, I was presented with a gigantic bowl topped by a thin sheet of crust beneath which lay the other ingredients of an excellent Chicken Pot Pie.  The crust and filling were not connected, but all it took to do so was to break the crust into pieces with a large spoon provided.  Inside the bowl were numerous chunks of white chicken meat, peas, carrots, pearl onions, tender potato chunks, and pieces of Button Mushrooms, all merged with a garlicky Cream Sauce that tasted good but was too peppery to me.  The crust was buttery and no different than a very good doughy top clinging to a traditionally prepared Chicken Pot Pie.  The result was successful, just like the independent-component and memorable Lobster Pot Pie I enjoyed at Michael Mina's Stonehill Tavern inside the St. Regis Hotel in Dana Point, California.  Unfortunately, Diane ordered Chicken Parmesan with specially requested Alfredo Sauce, which was graciously supplied.  But, while the portion of Chicken Parmesan and linguini was immense, the sauce was really thin and insipid.  Hopefully, this was but an infrequent aberration.An excellent homemade and gigantic Chocolate Chip Cookie covered by a scoop of ordered Vanilla Ice Cream was the highlight of the second meal, even better than B.J.'s Pizookie, which I also happen to like.Service on both occasions was friendly and very attentive.  It needed to be, because on the initial encounter, clumsy me overturned my straw-topped glass and spilled the entire contents of an almost fully filled Iced Tea right onto the lap of my Yelp friend Mamie P.  She brushed off this accident very well but I knew that it must have felt like an icy-cold assault, and felt badly about it.  When notified, the restaurant staff immediately charged into action, swiftly cleaning up the mess and providing new napkins, Iced Tea, and a new bread loaf, which also took a light hit from flying brown liquid drops.  The restaurant has a dark woodsy look, and reminded me of San Francisco's Tadich Grill where I liked to dine when I had been able to scrounge up enough money to do so while attending law school in the city.  Papers littered the floor of the men's restroom on one visit to Triple George, but after I alerted my server about this, within one hour the messy restroom had been cleaned up.  I greatly enjoyed both dinners, and intend to return soon to try the Country Fried Steak.4-1/2 stars!
5	Wonderful. Really great food, nice atmosphere.The booths are private, you feel like you have the place all to yourself.I definitely recommend it.
5	The bartender with the gauged ears makes the world's best Bloody Mary. And the filet mignon is among the best steaks I've had.That is all.
1	A big "F".  Made reservation and arrived on time.  Lost reservation and had nerve to ask me who I talked to.  Showed them the return call number my I-phone to No avail.  If u make reservation, B sure to get name of the reservation taker and call back to verify!
5	Can't rave enough about how freaking amazing Triple George is! I have been to Vegas twice in the past month and have eaten here on 3 occasions, back to back on one visit!! The food is amazing and to die for. The prices are absolutely phenomenal, I cant speak highly enough about this restaurant! The martini's are some of the best we have ever had, try the espresso martini for something new and different. If you are looking for an amazing appetizer order the baked goat cheese marinara, it will literally melt in your mouth. The porcini crusted rib eye steak is one of the best steaks I have ever had, it is the perfect balance, and the mashed potatoes are nice, light and airy, and the portions are served with grilled vegetables as well. You cannot go wrong ever at Triple George and you owe it to yourself to eat here.. Do yourself a favor and leave the Strip for two hours and take a ride downtown to eat here..
4	I have been holding on to a Triple George Grill $25 gift card for over a year. Yes, over a year and I finally made it here to use my card. My friend and I arrived right after the lunch rush, about 1 PM on Thursday afternoon. There were lots of suits and what looked to be business lunch meetings going on. Obviously this is the place to be for lunch if you work downtown!My friend and I were seated at a two person table, but I noted there are nice secluded booths which were all full. I liked the wooden, dark atmosphere. It was quite loud when we entered, but as people began to filter out the noise level went down quite a bit.Our server was a very nice, funny older gentleman who seemed to be quite busy, but he did get to us eventually. I think the wait might have been a bit more irritating had my friend and I not gone to do a lot of chatting and catching up. They did serve us nice warm bread, with room temp butter (easy to spread). I opted for an iced tea and my friend, a water, which were kept full by our waiter and the busser.I ordered the NY Steak Sandwich with fries ($14.95), my friend got the Grilled Chicken Sandwich ($9.95 and part of their "10 under 10" Menu). My sandwich was ordered medium well, but looked more medium to me when I got it. However, I did not send it back because I do enjoy medium steak as well (I rarely freak out if my meat isn't perfect). The very thinly sliced red onion was a perfect compliment to this sandwich. The fries were hot and thin and somewhat crispy. I enjoyed them.My friend and I ended up chatting for awhile after what was left of our meals were boxed up and our drinks were continually refilled. By the time we left the place was pretty much dead as the lunch rush was over. Overall I found the food and atmosphere to be quite pleasing. I would definitely make a return visit.
5	Hidden away amongst the scary gene pool of downtown Las Vegas lies a true restaurant gem.This place makes you feel like you have stepped back in time to another era - The Golden Age of Vegas where women were classy and provocative but not trashy; men smoked cigars and Frank Sinatra was always crooning in the background.It just has that classic; old school feel about it -not unlike the Tadich Grill in San Francisco -and the decor is in keeping with this i.e obligatory piano; large, wooden booths line the walls and the wait staff are dressed appropriately.The menu as you would expect at a grill is largely meat and fish based and very classic. Everything we ordered was exceptionally good from the sublime Lobster Bisque to the outstanding Wedge Salad. Heck even the mashed potatoes were amazing.  I really love this place and cant wait to come back.
5	Awesome!  Server Michelle is the best!  I have now been there 2 times.  The first time I went with my bosses and One of them said they had the best lunch ever. (The risotto). Second time, took my wife who enjoyed it as well. Everything is well prepared, flavorful and creative.  This is a gem, just north of Fremont Street.  Pricing is reasonable and the portions are big enough to fill most eaters without forcing leftovers.  Their potpie is huge and tasty. The atmosphere is definitely old school Vegas!  This place is definitely on my regular list.  Also, they give YELP discounts! Hooray!
5	Was in Vegas for the WPPI convention with my daughter and we happed to have some restaurant.com coupons for our trip and one was for the Triple George Grill, nice roomy booth, and our dinners were to die for. I would highly recommend eating here. Close to Fremont Street which is also worth stopping by to see.
4	Old school Vegas at its best. The Triple George Grill is nicely hidden away from the strip and behind the old downtown area of Vegas. Mostly a locals place it was great to get to experiance the Triple george as a out of towner. The old style of the resturant brings back the days of Frank Sinatra and the rat pack days of vegas. From the large all wood bar to all the other wood work in the resturant this place brings back the good old days. The service here is top notch and a nice change from the hustle and bustle of the strip. For an appitiser we had the goat cheese. The goat cheese was cooked to prefection and the garlic toast that was served with it was very tasty. For dinner I had the Filet. The steak was cooked a bit rare for me. I ordered it Medium, but was very tastly. The portion size was also nice and large. The steak fries here were different than other I have had but were also quite good. Be prepaired to eat when you come here because the portions are large.
5	We thought this would be another too much money for too little food, SO NOT!!  The best Bruschetta we have ever eaten.  The service was excellent and my wife is convinced the Cable Car cocktail is shaken in heaven then served.  The only negative was the Veal Scallopini was a little heavy on the capers.
4	In my ongoing quest to find delectable food for lunch near my place of work down town, I've come across this gem.  This place makes me feel extra manly with both the selection and the serving size of the food you get.  I keep telling myself that I shouldn't eat everything served on my plate, but I just can't help it at Triple George, it's too darn good.  First off, parking is limited as it usually is downtown, usually it hasn't been an issue for us though since we just always manage to find a spot or two open at lunchtime.  Once you go inside, there's a certain elegance to the place that gives you the feeling of being a big shot.  I love the tables in closed off sections to the side that make you feel like the part of the restaurant is reserved for you, it only contributes to making my head bigger.  Second, the one thing that must absolutely be commended about Triple George is the service.  I love, LOVE, the service here.  Everybody from the hostess to the bus boys, to the waiters are incredibly professional and friendly.  No matter how busy the place seems it always feels like I am their number one priority.  They are more than ready to accommodate any request or answer any question I might have and always with a genuine positive attitude.  Finally and of course most importantly, the food.  The first time I came here I ordered meat loaf wrapped in bacon.  So that gives you the idea of the heartiness of the food that you'll find here.  It was juicy and delicious just as you would expect too.  I've also had the steak sandwich and while I wasn't as big a fan of the combo (I was too lazy to cut off the fat on the steak when it's already in a sandwich), I really did enjoy the chipotle mayo that came with it and again was more than satisfied especially when it actually came medium-rare like I ordered.  So in short, it's definitely good spot to stop by for lunch if you're downtown with surprisingly affordable options as well.  One day I'll have to stop by for dinner and see if I feel any different about the place, but I doubt it.
4	We went there for dinner on Saturday night. There was no problem getting a reservation for 8:00. We had to park a couple of blocks away, but we wanted to walk after dinner anyway. The restaurant is quite nice and intimate. The service was very good. We didn't feel harassed, yet staff was always there. They had a good wine list. I had the Atlantic salmon which was delectable. My partner had the fried chicken and asked for the gravy on the side. He was glad that it was on the side because it lacked a good seasoned taste. The chicken itself was good and moist. Our friend had steak which he said was very good. Overall, we enjoyed the service and our meals. It was a new local experience for us and I would be happy to share the experience with our next guests,
1	NEVER AGAIN! Sadly we had a good meal here but it was totally ruined with horrible customer service. It was my friend's 40th birthday dinner. She reserved a table for 20. We requested separate checks (which would have been about 10 checks as we were couples) right away from the waitress and she said "NO, we can not do that, my math is not good". Then she proceeded to say "And I can't take 20 different credit cards, you will need to use the ATM machine by the bathrooms".  Are you kidding me? We are on vacation not carrying around a bunch of cash, especially to pay for this expensive meal!  We then spoke with the manager Kim who also refused to separate the checks under no circumstances. The waitress "forgot" to take the birthday girl's $25 groupon off and had taken $25 extra tip for herself that was meant to pay for some of the birthday girl's dinner. By the end of the meal the birthday girl was distraught and her father had to pay $100 more than he should have. Never again :o(
1	We had a large bachelor party booked here for months. Due to administrative error (double booking by their staff) we were told we could be seated in different areas (not as a group) or to find another venue. One star for lack of flexibility, poor customer service, and because Yelp won't let me give a zero. Sad I'll miss out trying the place as it was hyped by the organizer, but I hold a mean grudge once burned.
2	Went there with a party of 6, service was slow. Took over 2 hours, for us to order, eat and get our check. Food tasted good, but small portions. We ordered the Canadian oysters and shrimp George both portions were smallWaiter and manager were not helpful when we addressed the slow service!Would not go there again
5	Awesome service and food!!  The only draw back is if u sit at the bar as we did as all the tables were full and we didn't want to wait 30 min, the bar stools are pretty uncomfortable for me especially, me being 5'6", my feet couldn't reach the ledge,so they dangle which is very uncomfortable for me, but I can overlook that as the service was great, always kept my water full and asked us multiple times if we needed anything or how was everything.  I ordered pot roast and my husband ordered the whole roasted chicken, both were delicious!  We ARE coming back for sure.  We only chose this place as it was on our validation list for where we parked downtown otherwise we would've missed this absolute wonderful restaurant- I've been to Vegas a dozen times or more, and this is by far the best food and service I've ever found and to boot you don't have to pay an arm and a leg!  Love it!!!
5	Our waitress Denise was wonderful & very patient.  My Hubby had the chicken pot pie which he said was awesome. I had the special, halibut topped with Italian sausage, sauteed onions&peppers, served with wild rice, fresh green beans & carrots, delish!  We will be back on our next trip to Vegas.
4	A swank downtown joint.  The tables around the bar are reminiscent of a snug so you have an intimate dining experience.  Triple george offers up crusty bread and butter and a little tray of pickled veggies to start.Hubs and I recently dined pre-theatre.  This is a great spot to go before the Smith Center.  Super quick drive over on Ogden.  Parking gets validated in the third street parking garage.  Easy peezy.  I had the shrimp george and it was absolutely delightful.  5 or 6 big shrimp stuffed with crab, dusted with bread crumbs and baked.  They sat on top of a flavorful lemon butter sauce.  I got wild rice and veggies along side.  The veggies were nice and al dente.  Everything was seasoned perfectly and cooked just right.  Hubs was very very pleased with his veal and mashed potatoes.  Tender, and well seasoned.  Creme brulee was also a delight!!Traditional American/steakhouse food seasoned well and cooked right.  Cool bar and patio.  Definitely worth a visit!
5	Awesome place.  Went at 2:30 in the afternoon for a late lunch.  Had the oysters and a stake salad perfectly cooked medium rare. Also had a perfect manhattan that was mixed right!  All the meals we had were great. Can't wait to go back.
4	my friend had her wedding dinner here , we all got to pick what we wanted from the menu i was so excited for that i got the petite filet  it was good, this place is downtown seemed to be a good area where u can walke from place to place which is awesome not  needing a taxi in this town ,this place seemed a bit old but it had a good feel ,the service was great !everyone seemed to like there food i would def go back !!
5	Staff wa swonderful and accomodating, despite having a very large party late at night.  The interior is lovely dark wood, and old school music, Glenn Miller and Sinatra playing on the stereo.  They start you of with some wonderful, warm sourdough.....wow....and a plate of vegetables.I had fried chicken and gravy, which was spicy and good.  But, the best part was the wonderful sauteed vegetables that had just enough firmness to them.  I wish I had had a chance to get the chicken pot pie as it looked really good.  The people next to me had chicken parmigian which they siad was a little bland, but the people that had the steaks raved about them. they have a vegan menu, which I heard good things about. I would definitely make this a stop in Vegas, whether you are downtown or not.  I will be sure to stop in the next time I go back!
5	This restaurant was like Old Las Vegas and I will totally drive downtown next time I am there.  I probably had the best steak of my life here and I loved the Ambiance.My Waitress was a Doll and very helpful.  I high recommend there food, it hits my comfort spot.
5	We had the most wonderful experience and food at Triple George Grill. We called down and asked if they could fit eight of us in around 8:30 on a Friday night and by the time we walked down (15 minutes) they had a table set up for our party. The hostess was very friendly and welcoming. Our waiter, Victor(best ever), was very attentive and fun, fun, fun! He gave us the menu run down and was very knowledgeable on each item we asked about. We also had a server(bus man) named Leo who was friendly and quick with any extras we requested and filling our waters. Now, on to the food-DELICIOUS! The portions were huge, seriously enough for people to share. When we sat down the brought relish trays and sourdough bread that was amazing. Three people ordered the huge Porter House steak special and one ordered the fillet from the menu, All of them were cooked perfectly and the mushrooms on the top were a great accent. We also had the veggies and the whole plate was cooked to perfection. The chicken dish with proschuto(sp) was Devinne, the chicken pot pie was enormous and a little heavy on the sage. I liked it, but my friend that ordered it isn't a huge sage fan:(. We had the ravioli dish which was exceptional and the Halibut w/shrimp. With the exception of the sage heavy chicken pot pie, our evening at George's was phenomenal! Again, Vince made our dining experience fun and exciting, he was SPECTACULAR! I don't know when we'll head back to Vegas, but George's will be on our schedule.
4	Great food.  Great service.   Great lunch specials.   Parking at lunch is tough.
3	We went here awhile back as part of a work outing.  I thought our server was in the weeds but I thougt food was okay.  The ambiance of the restaurant reminds me of old school places I use to go to back in Chicago.  I hope they pick up more business from Mob Museum and other downtown openings.
4	always solid food and service
4	It was a great atmosphere. Very nice, food was good prices were ok. Very enjoyable.
3	After a tour of the Mob Museum, a couple of blocks north of Fremont Street in the somewhat seedy downtown area of Vegas, we walked to the nearby Triple George Grill. It's a popular lunch stop, and was quite busy. The interior is old school, but the place was built in 2005. The food was fairly typical bar and grill fair, nothing special.
2	I've been here for lunch and dinner and neither experience was memorable.  I had a burger for lunch and they put some kind of rub on the meat that is really offensive.  Good meat only needs a little salt and pepper.  My dinner experience was a little better on the food end but the service was poor.  It was late but if you're gonna serve late I expect the same quality service as if it were the dinner rush.  Our server was much more interested in doing her side work and gossiping with other staffers than to pour me another beer or simply make sure we were doing ok.  This place is trying to be the cool spot downtown.  They may want to re-focus their staff and let them know there are plenty of energetic service industry people looking for work in vegas.
3	I work at The Mob Museum across the street, and make it to Triple George/Mob Bar twice a month for lunch.  I have frequented it in the twenties of times since I began working downtown.That being said, a lot of the positive part of this rating is due to the service.  At the bar, service is prompt and you are consistently asked if everything is good, and drinks are always full.  The staff are very friendly, and take care of their guests.Most of their food is fantastic, and this is the first time for me it fell far short of the mark.  I ordered the pot pie on their favorites menu... I almost asked for it the last time there, but decided against it....  I was really craving something hearty with carbs...When it arrived, it came in a large bowl.  It is a HUGE portion!  Bonus for a $14.00 pot pie, for sure!  However, it was a bowl of chicken, chunks of potato, carrots, peas, onions and mushrooms in a soupy wine sauce... with a circular wafer of bread put on top.  It's not baked, nothing but this wafer of bread, and NO SEASONING.I don't know how you would put on the menu that this is meant to mimic a pot pie, but that it wasn't one really.  I was so disappointed I thought I should have bought one frozen and a bottle of wine instead, and felt I would have had better results.I will continue to go back for the things I enjoy, and know will come out right... but the other star and a half were lost today big time!  Thank you O.B. for making the remainder of the experience enjoyable.P.S.  Our staff enjoy The Reuben, their soup and salad combo, and the pot roast!
4	Outstanding service!  Ryan was wonderful as was the food.  Highly recommend if you are in the area.  Reasonable prices, attention to detail on the plating and presentation.  Quality all around!
5	Soooooo good. Was pointed here by a local who claimed they make consistently good food and I must say.... It didn't disappoint. My friend ordered the Cajun seafood pasta and I had the shrimp scampi. Her pasta was cooked perfectly, so was my rice pilaf. Jumbo shrimps and scallops. Perfect seasoning and sauce.I love this place. For its quality and generous portion size, they are quite inexpensive!! Fantastic service, dim old school fine dining atmosphere...... Thumbs way up for the cook. Major YUMMM.
3	We've only visited the bar area so that's the only part I can review for now. The first time we went, I loved the place. Soultry female singer, great martinis, and I discovered the tomolive in their signature martini.Fast forward to a couple of months, our most recent trip. No singer, crowded and the smell of seafood (albeit, it is a seafood restaurant). When asked what kind of olives were in their martinis (because we didn't know what they were for months!) no one knew what we were talking about. Then, once researching their drink menu to find that those yummy round pieces of goodness were tomolives, a bar tender told us that they haven't had those the three years he has worked there. Then, when ordering the martini, which on the menu specifically said there were tomolives, a different bar tender told us they were out of them. If they haven't had them in "three years", although we did have them a couple months prior, and if they aren't going to have them, why leave it on the menu to tempt those who are seeking. That was truly the reason we went back to the bar to order their pricey signature drink. It was not the same and my martini, ordered extra dirty, was not. Maybe if I tried the restaurant side, I may like the food and update my review, but the bar was disappointing and the menu looks expensive. We'll see.
5	Great Food Big Portions Reasonable PricesMy husband had the fish and chips, they were great. He got 4 big pieces of perfectly cooked fish along with delicious shoe string french fries and yummy cole slaw.I  had a grilled chicken sandwich cooked to perfection. The service was also excellent. Don't miss eating at this Grill. It's a real treat
4	Great food. Wife and I went in after finding it online. Service was friendly and great specials.
5	JUst gets better and better. This time stopped in for afternoon Coffee and dessert. AMAZING OF COURSE!!!! Really, really great dark roast thick yummy coffee like I like. Vanilla bean scoop ice cream and freshly cooked HUGE chocolate chip cookie.Made my whole trip to Vegas!! This place is my staple. Normal prices, not strip prices. Plus, in the middle of a HUGE DTLV makeover. Can't wait!! I'm so in!!!
4	Today I tried the Chicken Pot Pie,  Big YUCK.  No flaky crust just a big hard flat top. The pot pie itself didn't have much flavor. I wanted a serving fit for 1 person. I asked the waitress about the size of the dish before ordering and she said it serves 1. Well it would have fed 3 people. I've had other dishes there that are very good. If you order fish and chips you can share that too.
4	I went to Triple George Grill last night with a bachelor party and it proved to be a great idea!We had a reservation for 8PM for 10 people and we definitely arrived late with 12 people as opposed to 10. The restaurant was extremely accommodating and had us seated within five minutes.The servers were quick to get both our drink and food orders. I had a Shirley Temple to drink that seemed to be more grenadine than Sprite, but that's alright! Besides, how many people order Shirley Temples that are over the age of 12 beside me anyway?I ended up having the Ribeye ($34), which came with a choice of rice pilaf or mashed potatoes as well as a medley of vegetables, which were string beans and carrots. I asked the server if I could swap out the vegetables for mashed potatoes so I could have both rice and potatoes, but she said I would have to order it as a side and it'd be extra. The flavor of the steak was VERY good. The menu says it's topped with garlic herb butter, but I didn't really taste it. Without any sort of sauce or rub at all, I thought the flavor was great. The special of the evening was also a ribeye that had some sort of cajun-looking rub on it as well as a bleu-cheese sauce. Minus the sauce, it looked pretty darn good.Looking around the table at what everybody ordered, I definitely have a lot to try in future visits. The chicken parmesan looked excellent, as well as the burger.Our total bill for the 12 of us came out to roughly $450, which wasn't too bad considering this was a nicer place.Definitely a great place for groups, and probably for dates too. The atmosphere is a little dark, very old-school Vegas...my kind of place! Will be back in the future for sure :)
3	Nothing spectacular.  I had heard some great things and was somewhat disappointed.  The waiter wasn't outright rude but he kind of neglected me and didn't even look at me while i was ordering.  He really kind of didn't seem to want to be there.  Its got a nice enough ambiance and has the whole sultry dark room professional wall street feel to it.  and the food doesn't stick out in my head as either good or bad.  A decently solid meal I guess.
5	I have been there several times for lunch and dinner. I prefer lunch because the outside seating is super nice right now. There is a farmer's market around the corner on Friday. Sometimes they have a special salad. You gotta try it. Fresh and yummy. Soup could be too salty - but you may ask them not to make it too salty when you order.Steak that I usually order is delicious, a bit salty tho. Pasta is good as well - I would say its more refined than Cheesecake Factory. Seafood is outstanding. Highly recommend. Shrimp cocktail is awesome.Overall, everything is good... Good with wine!Before it gets chilly outside, you should try them out.
5	Fantastic! Wandered in after visiting a special event downtown. I'd heard the food and drinks were good, and wasn't disappointed at all. Had a fantastic server (Steven) and bar-back (Ed) that only added to the overall experience. My husband had a negroni and I had a martini; both perfect. Gave Steven 3 dishes to choose from and he surprised me with the Shrimp George...ridiculous! Like Crab cakes and shrimp all in one, with perfect rice and veggies, too.  My husband had the creme brulee and it was perfection.  Had another martini to take outside, and Ed added blue cheese olives and wow!!!! A completely fantastic experience. We'll be back, and soon.
5	Great Old Vegas atmosphere here.  I can just pricture the Brat Packing eating in the corner.  They start you out with sourdough bread and a relish plate.  The bread is the bomb!  We had a party with about 17 people, and we all had a bunch of the items.  What I liked best is the farm fresh vegetables that come with the entrees.  The staff is very helpful and accomodating.  My only complaint is that I asked them if they had an automatic gratuity for large parties, and they said no, but then charged us one, anyway.  Not a big complaint as that is pretty much standard.
1	I have to say that my limited experience with Triple George Grill has left a horrible taste in my mouth. While the food was delicious, the service was horrible, especially for the price you pay.  I made reservations for my December 2012 wedding in April 2012 on the recommendation of a family member.  When I went to scope it out during September, they treated my group like crap.  We were a group of about a dozen bikers in town for Bike Week.  We were pleasant and ordered a lot of food a drinks, but the waitress apparently did not like us being in her section.  The service was rushed and she was outright rude to us when it came time to deliver the bill.  They refused to do any splits on the bill, even though we had asked before being seated.  The manager did not even care when my uncle mentioned my upcoming wedding party in the facility.Fast forward two months to November and I am counting down the days to my Vegas wedding.  I get a call from the Triple George Grill telling me that there is a problem.  The event coordinator who had been handling my wedding was no longer with the restaurant.  The person looking at the paper work said the quote was wrong and that I did not have a signed contract (although I have the email proving otherwise).  She said the menu I had selected was $30 more a head than the quoted price.  When I challenged her on this, she said she would talk to her boss and call me back.  A week later she still had not called.  My fiance called to cancel the reservation, and the restaurant offered the originally quoted price; however, it was too little too late.  I have moved my wedding dinner to Vic & Anthony's at the Golden Nugget.So, if you don't have a problem with bad service and business practices, I highly recommend the chicken parmigiana.
5	This place is amazing! The portions are huge, and the prices are just right. Not to mention our amazing server VINCENT! Told him we had a not so great server last night (even though the food, still spectacular) and he gave us free dessert! He's super funny, with a great smile, and amazing attitude to top it all off. This is seriously one of my top favorite places to dine as a local. Perfect for dates or even a nice lunch.
5	Great place to eat! The vibe is very classy but yet not too fancy, and the food is fantastic! I had the steak sandwich and it did not disappoint. Our server Vincent was great! Extremely friendly and gave fantastic service. If you ask for him he will make your day!
4	Triple George is a formal, wooden, martini bar without the smoke that also serves a nice lunch or dinner.The atmosphere is dark with a long wood bar -- exactly the type of decor you'd expect in a classic "old boys network" bar.  If you want to have a martini in a suit--this is one of the few formal places in Vegas that might fit the bill.  There are very few t-shirts and shorts here.  Call it the Vegas professional's happy hour bar.Beyond the professional drinking spot, Triple George offers a nice classic steakhouse menu.  They offer numerous lunch specials, ranging from some creative salads to classic chicken and steak sandwiches.  For dinner, the place is a little more like a classic steakhouse (oysters, salads, steaks, and mashed potato options).  Basically, it's a classic American bistro restaurant and one of the more formal atmospheres in Vegas.  Thumbs up.
3	This place is honestly 3 stars anywhere else in the city, so I'm giving it 3 stars, even though it sits in the heart of downtown's sucky-food district. Long over-rated because of the total lack of edible food anywhere downtown, the Triple George does a great job defining mediocre. Mediocre food, average customer service, mediocre prices. There is nothing about this place that stands out or is unique. The Triple George has built its reputation on the slogan, "They don't suck."To be fair, they don't suck. The customer service is good. Not great, or fabulous, but definitely a solid "good." Same with the food. Nothing to write home about but, again, solid and dependably good. Triple George Grill is the place to go when you want to eat in downtown without leaving the restaurant feeling angry, hungry, or miserable. You are guaranteed a solid time, if not the best time ever. The food is almost worth the prices they charge, and is definitely worth it once you throw in the service that is at least 2 stars better than anything else downtown knows how to produce.Overall, a decent place. Which, for their location, makes them the best restaurant for miles.
5	Went again Saturday night. Service top notch. Stuffed shrimp. AMAZING!! I would fly out from LB just for dinner at Triple George
5	What a great restaurant. Good service and great prices for Vegas. A must go if you're in town
3	Staff and Service was Excellent. - 5 StarsFood was mediocre - the sour dough bread was my favorite - You can get a cheaper better Rib Eye at Tony Romans (inside Fremont casino)  - 3 StarsDrinks - A lil weak for a Vegas drink - 3 Stars
4	This place has been on my 'TO EAT' list for a while now. It seemed perfect for my first meal of the New Year! To start, I love the free parking right in front of the place. Parking downtown is never this convenient. It was very beautiful and classy, old school Vegas feeling when I walked in. A high bar with big private booths that had coat racks. We were greeted and sat quickly. I unfortunately was not offered a cocktail menu, but I more wanted it out of curiosity not for a beverage. We started off with a Caesar salad, a clam chowder, and a soup of the day Beef Noodle. All of them were amazing. The chowder reminded me of when I was on the coast of Oregon with big fresh clams and the perfect thick consistency. Cracked black pepper would have made my salad ideal, and the beef noodle soup was up to par and then some. For our entrees we went with the steak sandwich. Not too much fat, juicy and cooked well. Still asked for A-1. Maybe a little marinade or dry rub wouldn't hurt. The dipping sauce for the French fries was unique but good. Secondly was the special of the day, Halibut topped with andouille sausage, onions, peppers, and a Cajun cream sauce served with carrots, green beans and a wild rice pilaf. This dish was absolutely delicious except for my fish was piping hot and my sides were luke warm. As for flavor, I couldn't have asked for much more. We finish with a strawberry cheesecake. One of the best crusts ever! Along with a cappuccino that truly finished my meal perfectly. An $80 lunch was not what I was expecting, but they do have a $10 under $10 menu so I could have chose cheaper options. I'd love to return for dinner, or maybe next door to Mob Bar for some of their cocktails and goodies served from Triple George!
5	Fantastic restaurant and great atmosphere.  I can see why this is a power lunch spot. Huge bar, nice booths off the bar and brick walls in the dining room with tile floor in the bar.  Very old school and classy yet casual. They are known for their Cioppino ($25) and Porcini Crusted Steak and I think the Cioppino is the best I've ever had.  It had so much crabmeat in it that the tomato broth was thick like a gumbo. The chopped salad was great, warm delicious sourdough bread and great burgers.  My husband liked the choice between thin and steak fries and everything comes with a side.  We will definitely be back and loved sitting at the bar.
4	One of the best restaurants in downtown Vegas, specially for lunch. I love the atmosphere of the place. Put on suspenders and light a cigar to feel like home. Unfortunately, I don't have any of these habits.The menu is quite diverse. I have tried almost all of it, from steak to pasta. IMHO the "best under ten" lunch specials have the best bang for the buck. There is not a single person that hasn't enjoyed the Pot Roast, which is soul food at it's finest. Downtown Ruben is also very very good (I'd recommend  with side of coleslaw).  Soups including chowders are all home made. Most of the time soup of the day is quite tasty. There is exclusive parking in 3rd St for customers. Waitress are responsive and friendly, however, when packed, kitchen struggles from time to time, not in quality but in speed.. One of my fav places for lunch.
5	I have never been to the Triple George for dinner, but as far as lunch goes: NOWHERE downtown beats the food, service, and consistency of this place. NOWHERE. Not even the new places that have popped up (like Eat, etc.). I work less than a couple of miles from here and frequent TG whenever clients or coworkers or even friends/family feel like meeting me for a lunch that is a bit more "classy" than most spots. And for the price and various lunch specials, you really cannot do any  better!I've ordered or tasted just about everything on the menu because I've been so many times. Today, I met my mom and grandmother for lunch and ordered a cup of french onion soup and a blackened salmon caesar salad. My grandmother had a TG club sandwich (turkey and roast beef on marble rye) served with coleslaw and my mother had a big bowl of the special minestrone soup. First of all, the service is always impeccable. Even when busy, I have never had any issues with receiving assistance ordering or getting refills/orders taken immediately. Also, their sourdough bread is TO DIE FOR. Served so fresh and warm that it almost melts in your mouth!My french onion soup was actually quite delicious and flavorful (and I just had authentic FO soup in Paris last week, so I'm definitely not easy to impress) and a perfect portion before my salad. The salmon was cooked perfectly and lightly seasoned, just the way I like it. The salad wasn't too impressive - just lettuce and a few crumbles of croutons, but it was caesar, so I wasn't expecting much more. I didn't taste my mother's or grandmother's, but they gobbled everything up like it was their last supper! Aside from the food, the ambiance and atmosphere are also wonderful. Rustic wooden walls and decor with vintage-Vegas pictures and a slightly dim lighting. Fantastic! Here are a few of my menu favorites: Any and all of the caprese salads/specials (they have had crab, filet, swordfish, etc.)Seared AhiDowntown WingsThe WedgeNY Steak SandwichRoasted Lemon Herb ChickenPorcini RavioliBLT(also, their shoe string fries are super tasty!)
5	Great food, great service, it truly is one of the best in downtown LV.  Love this place and always head here for power lunches.
5	I have always had good experiences, but had not been back in a while. The restaurant is as good as ever. Nice Minestrone soup was great on a cold day. It is always hard to beat good, homemade soup. I had a great mixed greens salad with pears, walnuts and at my request, chopped, grilled chicken. It is a great to have a salad with chicken, properly chopped, that fills you up. Service was attentive and efficient. I am looking forward to my next trip.
4	the food and service was awesome! I never had an empty cup and i got the lemon herb roasted chicken and it was so flavorful and juicy! it came with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables and it was awesome! dinner is definitely pricey but you can actually go during lunch for lunch portions and they are cheaper and just as good!
3	This place would be 2 stars had their appetizers not been kind of good. The artichoke-spinach dip stole the show with rest of the food being very average. Service wasn't great either.
3	The male host - the first person you see when you enter the restaurant - was rude and had no customer service skills.  Rolled his eyes when we asked not to sit in the bar.  The food was great and our server was professional.  Leaving the restaurant, again, male host was chatting with a co-worker - never said thank you for coming in - come see us again...just kept talking with female co-worker.  I'm not sure if I'll go back...
4	When two independent people recommend a place for lunch I'm listening. Both the guide at the Neon Museum and the guy at the door at the Mob Museum recommended Triple George Grill for lunch.We were not disappointed. This place is old school - wood paneling, waiters dressed in suits, big portions!I had the Reuben Sandwich which was very good, others had salads or the Potroast which was also (as I hear) very good. All in all a fantastic place for lunch!
4	We went here for the first time on Valentine's day.  We had to reschedule our reservation time due to some travel hold ups we had, but they were happy to oblige.  The hostess was very friendly.  We sat at the bar and had a drink while we waited for our table, which she apologized profusely for the customers ahead of us not leaving yet, and continued to update us over the next 10-15 minutes on the status of our table.  It was fine, we were happy to have a drink and talk to the bartender.  He was extremely friendly and gave great wine suggestions.  The other bartender made my drink, a lemon drop martini, which I am a connoisseur of, and it was absolutely delicious.  We got our table shortly, a beautiful private booth.  Atmosphere was great.  Lighting was warm, decor contemporary but homey at the same time.  I like how they incorporated subway tile into the floor, but it didn't look grimey or gross like it can sometimes.  Very classical and fit the motif well.  In the booth, you feel like you're the only ones in the restaurant.    We ordered champagne, a little overpriced for Korbel (ugh, I hate paying $28 for a bottle of champagne in a restaurant that I would pay less than $10 for in the store). There was a decent selection of wines and a full stocked bar.  I ordered the wedge salad--highly recommend. Came with a HUGE chunk of fresh blue cheese, and it was sizable.  My fiance ordered ordered a caesar salad, and said it was the best caesar salad he's ever had.  And he's not much of a foodie.  Server was quick.  A little less chatty than the bartender, but she was efficient.      I also ordered the Chicken Saltimbocca and he got the Seared tuna.  we were in heaven.   The chicken was in more of a marsala sauce, which I love (and their's was terrificly sauced), but I'm not sure I'd call it saltimbocca.  He thoroughly enjoyed his Tuna.  The mashed potatoes I had were real and full of flavor and the vegetables on the side were a big highlight too.  Freshly cooked carrots and green beans.  We closed out the restaurant.  It was a terrific meal, price was a little high, but definitely worth it.  Our bill came to about $100, but for portion size and what we got?  We were stuffed.  I had to go back to the hotel and take a food nap after.  We also went to the eiffel tower restaurant previously and paid waaaay more for food that was severely under portioned and meh.  I will go back here in a heartbeat.  In fact, maybe every time we go to Vegas.  Bartender highly recommends the porcini crusted ribeye.  Sounded delicious, but we weren't in steak moods.  I will be trying that next time.  :)  Thanks Triple George for a wonderful meal!
5	Me and the boyfriend celebrated a late Valentines day dinner here. We made reservations for Saturday at 6pm and arrived a bit early and was promptly seated as soon as we walked in. The hostess wasn't very friendly and took her awhile to find my name on the reservations chart. I figured it was busy and she was probably having a bad day so I let it fly.....  We got seated in the back away from the bar, it was very quiet and dark and they had about 3-4 flat screen TV's playing on a large brick wall. Our waiter came over quickly and took our drink orders and he was very professional and gave us a great description of their specials that night. We had already looked at the menu beforehand so we put in our order right away. Our drinks came fast and prompt and we were given a basket of complimentary sourdough bread. It was DELICIOUS! nice and warm and crunchy....so far, so good.  I was really digging the atmosphere, I thought it would be loud and rowdy being that we were seated so close to the Hogs & Heffers bar right next door, but surprisingly it was quite romantic.We ordered house salad's to start, they were fantastic. I am kind of a salad snob and was very pleased. I loved that they served it with a thin sliced cucumber instead of thick round pieces, the croutons were delish and the ranch dressing was very very good. I almost licked the plate LOL!Soon after we got our main entree's,  I decided to try the Seafood Cioppino and it was amazing!  you def. get what you pay for with this dish, it was huge. The seafood was very fresh (shrimp and scallops were my fave) and the tomato broth was great and went well with the baguette they serve it with. I was very pleased!  My boyfriend decided to get the Ribeye medium well. He said it was really good and came with smashed butter potatoes and vegetables. He said the smashed potatoes were the best he ever had!   We finished off the night with a slice of cheesecake with raspberry fruit topping and boy was it worth it.  I am so glad we decided to come here and cannot wait to go back and try all the other delectable items on the menu!  Triple George Grill you ROCK!  =)
2	OK so I've eaten here a few different times and every time its been great. Tonight though i had them deliver dinner because they do offer delivery and was pretty disappointed. I got the brushetta, the pot roast and the chocolate cake for dessert (all for my wife and I to share). The brushetta bread was burnt, the actual brushetta was literally soaked with balsamic vinaigrette so it was pretty mushy and the pot roast looked like it might have been sitting around a while because when we got it the gravy had already cooled down and looked kind of like a jelly substance. Now I know that none of these problems would have happened had we gone in to eat at the restaurant, but I feel like we were taken advantage of because we were not sitting inside the restaurant and they knew that we would not be able to send the food back. For reference, I live about a block away from the restaurant so there's no way that it would've cooled down that much or for the brushetta to saturate in the vinaigrette. What they also fail to tell you over the phone when you order is that they already include gratuity so you don't get the choice on how much you get to give. Overall, definitely dissapointed in the food quality.
4	When in downtown Las Vegas, this is THE place I go and where I take my out of town guests. Great service, great intimate environment and I absolutely LOVE their menu.  FAVS:*Chicken Pot Pie (like no other!)*New York Steak
5	Good food & great service tonight. We stared with the baked goat cheese appetizer. We split a wedge which they kindly cut in half and served to us on 2 separate plates. Then my husband had the pot roast and I had the steak sandwich. Both were very good. I would go back any time.
4	Very yummy and close to The Smith Center. Valet parking fills up fast on show night. Parked across the street and got validated at the restaurant. Make reservations!
1	on wed. the 13th we had just left the mob museum asked a couple of people if they knew of a good place 2 eat they both said triple george down the street. ordered the pot roast looked and smelled good i should of sent it back when i noticed it was not heat HOT through out the meat fast forward about 8 hours 2:30am chills fever and yes folks the TROTS aka DIARRHEA! i was barely able 2 eat my 1st meal on wed. the 20th so do i recommend triple george i say triple NO NO NO! (food poisoning)
3	This place needs to bring back the country fried steak, it was the best in town and it's a tragedy (yup tragedy) that I can't eat it anymore. You'll notice I gave this place a 3 star rating, based on the fact that everything else is just alright. Maybe it's excellent and the country fried steak is next level (what they're eating in heaven) awesome but I'll never know; because after they took the CFS off the menu I had one mediocre meal here, went home to cry, (periodically checked the online menu for months in hopes they would add it again) but never returned. Get it together Triple George. Listen to reason. Bring back that Country Fried Steak.
4	We hit up Triple George prior to Shrek at the Smith's Center and the hype is true, this place is great! They offered a three course meal themed around Shrek which my girlfriend got and really enjoyed particularly the goat cheese salad. I had been craving fish and chips and was thrilled at how delicious they are given we are in a desert. My last experience with fish and chips was in Ireland and these certainly stood up to those delicious treats. For dessert I went with the creme brulee which was a perfect consistency and I would order that again for sure. The waitress was prompt and made sure we got out with plenty of time to get to our show. The only draw back to this location is that it is valet only and not a very large valet so if you aren't doing an early dinner you might want to park at one of the surrounding hotels.
4	Great atmosphere!  The server Obe and Tiny are s hoot. Must go
5	A great find. We took a group of 16 there for lunch. The treated us so well. I had the Moco Loco. Amazing!  Everyone liked their food. Nothing bad on the menu. Well worth the trip off the Strip. just a block from the Mob Museum - a must see.
4	A great downtown resaturant away for the hotel buffets. Old vegas charm. Top notch service. I had the sole with capers. MMM licious! Hubby had the fish of the day prepared with a kick! A short walk from Fremot Experience.
1	First of all, the food is wonderful and the wait staff is fabulous.But their credit card charge system is borderline criminal. Their would pre-authorized your your total bill plus a 20% surcharge on your card. Your authorized amount will be charged while your pre-authorized amount will remained and  tie up your funds for 4 days. Simply, it means that you will pay double on your meal and half of your bill will be refunded back to you in 4 days.This process applies to all credit cards except American Express.The Night Manager, April, does not have a clue regarding this policy and her people skills is extremely poor for such a classy, high-end establishment. No initiative, no follow up and a lack of concern for the plight of her guests is deplorable.
4	We had a group of 10, our waiter was great and the food was fantastic.   I will go back next time I'm in Vegas
2	Was really sad when I got there because they no longer have a vegan menu yet it is advertised all over the Internet. Very upset Triple George .. That's the whole reason I came here
3	It was an underwhelming experience. The food was decent all around, but not mind-blowing. The baked goat cheese marinara ($10.95) was heavy on the cheese, light on the marinara, and came with more than enough toast. The chicken parmesan ($14.95) was pretty good, but similar to a million other versions of the dish. It was something that we could have gotten anywhere else. Last up was the filet mignon ($30.95). It was a nicely charred, tender cut that was cooked medium rare, as ordered with some buttery and garlicy mashed potatoes along with green beans and carrots. The atmosphere makes for a nice chill place for locals to hang out and the isolated booths that run along the bar make for an ideal place to have an intimate dinner where you can actually sustain a conversation despite the loud crowd noise from the bar.
5	No BS just good steaks.  The only down is that their wine by the glass is pretty lacking... nothing really old world that worked.BUT, great service, classy feel, and provides some much need VALUE to the Vegas restaurant scene.  I would definitely go again.
3	I love this place, one of the better places to go in Downtown. Nice atmosphere, with a historic vibe and the food is really really good, without being expensive.I would mark as 4 or 5 stars but that I asked them to let the kitchen know that I have a gluten intolerance and although my meal was delicious, I was sick the following day. All restaurants need to do is take some basic steps to ensure no gluten is used in the recipe, or that there is no cross contamination while they prepare a dish for me.Update:On my next visit I ordered the exact same dish and double-double-checked with the server, who tripled checked with the kitchen, but I *still* got sick the following day. Disappointing. If I do go back I'll certainly not eat the salmon again (even though it was DELICIOUS).As long as you don't have any special dietary requirements, then this is a great place to go.
4	First time visit there. Great food! Cool place! Some menu items I've never encountered before such as Chicken Cacciatore soup...which was absolutely fantastic. I would go back there just for that (although it was the "soup of the day" so don't think it's offered everyday. :(  The pot roast however is a staple on the menu and that was cooked perfectly.  My companion had a spicy pasta dish which had a nice kick to it.  Only food item that I wasn't that impressed with was their tomato salad which was basically just 4 slices of tomato with a little garnish...yawn (and certainly not worth $8 for that lame of a presentation). My date had the caprese which was much better choice at $9.   Waiter was very pleasant & helpful with suggestions (though he should have suggested the caprese when I ordered the tomato salad in my opinion).  He did disappear for a while towards the end of the meal, I finally had to track him down so we could get our bill, I found him next door in the Mob bar hanging out.  I guess I should look at the positives that at least he wasn't beating someone up or running an illegal dice game in the mob bar haha.
5	Great hidden secret off the beatin path in downtown. Great food in a quiet setting. Server was excellent!
3	One Monday night, we came to Triple George after a nice happy hour on Fremont East.  I was excited to try this spot as it's been getting a bunch a great reviews.  Also, I'm ALWAYS looking for a new place to Yelp :)This place is pretty spacious!  Dark wood panels with a HUGE bar.  It practically goes the length of the entire place. Then, when you pass the bar, you think it's over and then there's another room in the back with more dining tables.  Great space.  I don't remember our servers name, however, she was a little interesting.  She had a soft voice and a loud voice.  The soft voice came across with a slight English accent and the loud voice was straight American accent.  I thought maybe it was me, but then the entire party of 6 said the same thing!  Maybe it was a trick, however, not really funny.  Just plain weird!For my meal, I asked another server for any beer specials and he brought me a list of $3 beers!  WOW, I was sooo happy and drank a few Miller Lites that night.  I also had the Calamari appetizer for $8.95.  The calamari was lightly breaded and cooked great.  It wasn't rubbery at all.  My only rant: It needed salt.  No flavor!  The marinara sauce was warm and a great compliment to the breaded flavor.  Ok, now the really bad part.  When the bill came, I found out all my beers weren't $3 at all.  The menu that was passed to me by another server was a beer specials list for Mob Bar next door.  First off, I thought they were connect since there's a door leading to the bar that was open.  And of course, why would a Triple George server give me a Mob Bar menu without telling me.  It didn't make sense.  When I brought it to the attention of our "British" server, the American accent came out and corrected me.  Although funny, I wasn't buying her spiel.  Not a good impression.This bar is close to the action, yet far away, if that makes sense.  I'm not going to line up here again, but I also wouldn't mind revisiting, if given the opportunity.  Maybe my next visit will be better!
5	Excellent! In town for the Lang Lang  concert at the Smith Center; wanted a "nice place" close to the concert hall & TGG is the place.  Great service; excellent cocktails;and be sure to order the pot roast as an entree. We will return & recommend to all.
4	Decent steaks!  Ahi tuna appetizer is awesome.  Bread pudding is Great!
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place out because one of my friends had said he heard it was great.  It definitely fell very short of great.  It was a Sunday night and it was pretty slow so there was no wait for a table.  The service was okay, nothing special.  We didn't order drinks right away and told him we were going to order wine with dinner, but he never came back so we had to flag him down so we could place our wine order.I ordered the petite filet and a loaded baked potato medium rare.  My friend ordered a NY strip steak.  Both came out in a reasonable amount of time, but my petite filet was absolutely tiny.  The smallest petite filet I think I've ever seen in any steakhouse.  On top of that, it was medium, not medium rare.  I was with a group I didn't know very well so I didn't want to be the "high-maintenance" girl so I just ate it, but I was sorely disappointed. For the price, it's just not worth it.  There are too many other great food options downtown to waste this much money on a steak that should've been cooked to perfection on the first try.  My friend's NY strip seemed a bit closer to medium rare, but again, way more on the medium side.  Just disappointing.
2	Loved the menu I saw online and rushed right over from work. Greatly disappointed.Good:-The host Caroline and female bartender were both very friendly and welcoming!  I ended up accidentally leaving something behind and Caroline held it safely for my return-I did like the artichoke spinach dip, it was great!! - Tyler, the man in Valet was very friendly!Bad:- My waitress was from Chicago and her name was Deena or Diane I think..? She never smiled, was not welcoming, and dry. She Did not offer suggestions, and did not have a good understanding between vegan options and vegetarian options. I do appreciate that they are trying to be accommodating, but the waiters must be knowledgable about the menu.- I ordered hot mint tea twice and was brought everything but each time. However, They had apple cider lol. I just took what I could get-The asparagus  salad on special was clearly old. I hate that I paid for it, tasteless too.-Unfortunately I'm not excited about this place any more :/
5	This place is a hidden gem off of Freemont St, I highly recommend it.  Great food (try the veal scaloppini or delicious  steaks), great atmosphere, great service, and GREAT VALUE.  Where else can three horses get a awesome steak, hot bread, salad, potatoes, veggies, and drinks for $103...Christ the higher end steakhouses want $103 just for apps and a bottle of wine...can't beat the value...must try at least once, you won't be disappointed, I ate there twice during my last four day stay at "The Nug"  Love it and will come back again.
2	Atmosphere was great, service was good, but the food was below average.  I was with a party of 12 coworkers for lunch and ordered the classic rueben sandwich with fries.  The food looked very appetizing. The fries were great but the rueben sandwich was very greasy, dripping with grease/butter and the bread too hard and crunchy.  Someone else at my table ordered the same thing and said the same thing about their rueben.  Others ordered the chicken sandwich and said the chicken was good but the roll too hard.  I guess they have a problem cooking bread or this is they way they make it.  I just didn't like it and don't expect this from a rueben.  The bread that came before the meal was very good;  nice and crunchy on the outside and very soft on the inside.  TVs all over tuned into sports-a plus!!
3	i stopped in for dinner last night, and had the fanney bay oysters as an appetizer.  they were tasty but there was some shell in the shucked little guys :(followed by the house special crab stuffed shrimp- these had  the perfect amount of breadcrumbs sprinkled on top for texture.  an easy walk from the golden nuggett.
5	We had a great lunch hereVery close to Fremont with lower prices but good quality. Service was great and we had very good food.They also have espresso!!!
3	Nice booth seating, immediate service. Wait persons should give the prices when announcing the specials. Don't clear the plates and ask who wants coffee when one guest of three is still eating. Sole had nice panko crust, but the fish was mushy, not flaky, inside.
4	Our concierge at the Nugget suggested Triple George Grill for lunch. Bingo! Loved it!! Such a classy little place! It was a short walk from our hotel and a nice departure from all the blingy flashy-ness of Fremont. Crisp white tableclothes and attentive waiters. We sat in a private booth with high wooden walls and our own flat screen tv. We had the goat cheese and marinara app... omg... I will be making this at home. SOOOO yummy!!  Hunnypot had the steak sandwich... and I mean it was a steak sandwich. No pussy ass sliced beef... this was a whole slab o' meat on french bread! I had the George burger with carmelized onions and mushrooms. omg. So yummy but had to eat it with a fork. Which is fine by me!! The iced tea hit the spot too. And I'm a picky tea drinker! Love this place and will def try it for dinner next trip!!
3	A litlle slow for lunch, food took awhile and a little noisy out on patio, but not their fault, service was great. As far as food, Chicken Pot Pie is great. Being from New England the Chowda is too thick with mushy potatoes, but flavor was good, Caesar was good.  Wife liked the Chopped Salad w/ Salmon.
5	When I first walked in the place, it immediately reminded me of the Tadich Grill in San Francisco.  Similar old school bar and private wood booths.  We were there for Sunday brunch before a show at the Smith Center.  Our waitress came over right away and took our drink orders.  The busser also brought us some great sourdough bread. We could order off both the brunch menu and the regular menu.  My mom and I both ordered off the brunch menu.  I had the crab Louie salad and my mom had the Belgium waffles.  The salad was really good.  Good scoop of crab, lots of veggies, good dressing.  My mom's waffles actually had cherries jubilee, whipped cream and ice cream on them.  Her side of bacon was nice and crispy.  The waitress came often to check on us.  One nice touch is that they kept refilling my ginger ale.  Typically you only get one glassful when you order ginger ale, unlike soda.  We definitely will try the restaurant again for dinner next time.  Lots of old school entrees on the menu that sound yummy.  They also had a yummy sounding donut dessert when we were there but unfortunately we were too full to have it.  Next time!  Parking is a little hard as they are doing construction all around.  Try to get a spot right in the front of the restaurant on 3rd Street.  If not, you might need to go in one of the casino parking garages nearby.
4	Three star food in a five star setting. Sit at the bar during lunch and you will feel like Sam Spade taking a break on a case. This place embraces nostalgia like nobody's business. This is the perfect setting for a long lunch while reading a Hemingway or Fitzgerald short story. The food is solid as well: no-frills American fare, but built with quality ingredients. (Actually, when I think about, that aptly describes the environment as well.) The Ten Under $10 lunch menu is full of pleasing dishes. The prices are about what you can expect for above average food.
5	If you're going to order anything be sure to order the pot roast. It is absolutely to die for.All of the  food here is superb but the pot roast is exceptional.  Intensely flavored, melt-in-your-mouth tender and the gravy is soooo delicious.  I started with an order of raw oysters that were ice cold and as fresh as they could get.  There were 15 of us and we all enjoyed the food and drinks here.  Not a complaint among anyone.
1	We went to Triple George to celebrate this Father's Day and a 40th birthday party. My friend suggested the Grill due to a previous visit and the fact that they are supposed to have great steaks. We made reservations for 8-mind you 8 steak hungry, very thirsty, ready to spend and have a good time 8! From our first order of drinks, two martinis had to be sent back after waiting 20 minutes. After ordering some more drinks we waited another 30 minutes for our drinks and all 4 of the martinis tasted different. We all ordered dirty martinis and we all taste tested that all were different. After waiting so very long for drinks, we ordered some appetizers. Mediocre presentation and already bad service, it was like our table had done something wrong we were not being attended to. You cannot share the calamari because it comes in a french fry scoop and the artichoke spinach dip was cold on the inside, and do not count on sharing the $13 seared Ahi because for that price you get 4 lil strips!So now we have been here just a little over an hour and we are hungry. We ALL order steaks, due to my buddy's recommendation. Orders where placed and thank goodness we brought a bottle of wine because most of us could not finish our martinis and did not want to wait for another 30 minutes for a drink.After 25 minutes of placing our order, the waitress (whom we barely saw most of our experience) brought to our attention THEY ARE OUT OF STEAKS!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!! It took 25 minutes to tell all 8 of us this!!! If we would have known we would have already been eating steak at a real grill!!!My buddy was embarrassed, and we tried making light of it like ordering "fish n chips" at a steak house. Basically our waitress said that they would give us smaller cuts and some of us due to Father's Day and the Birthday switched so that they can have what they wanted...ridiculous! The ONLY good service that we received was the gentleman serving us water and the gentleman clearing the plates. They even laughed with us as how bad this situation was.By the time they brought us our smaller cuts and dinner we had been waiting since we ordered our dinner an hour! By now it seem that they are closing and we just want to get out of there. All of our steaks where fatty and nervy and most of us didn't even finish our meals. I feel sorry for the Dad's and our Birthday girl as this was a total waste of time and money.  They maybe allot of changes on Freemont but if anything needs a change it is Triple George Grill!!! Way over priced, bad service, and they may be out of STEAKS...BEWARE!!!
1	Used to have an awesome veggie burger. Last time I went it was disgusting. They claim they didn't change the recipe but after over twenty years of being veggie/vegan I think I can spot an overcooked, freezer burned Boca Burger when I taste one.
4	I really enjoyed the Triple George and am glad to see some decent restaurants coming to downtown (outside of the casinos). The prices were a little closer to the Strip costs, so it loses a star for that, but the meal was excellent! I ordered the Ribeye, my girlfriend got the crab-stuffed shrimp and we split the goat cheese marinara and a caprese salad. The Ribeye was terrific, its the first correctly cooked meat I've had in Vegas in months. The crab-stuffed shrimp were very flavorful and tasty. I enjoyed the salad more than the goat cheese, but it was still good.I would suggest ordering drinks from next door, just ask to see the cocktail menu from Mob Bar. It takes a little extra time, but they're worth it. The bourbon basket and real McCoy were my favorites, while my girlfriend didn't like her ginger drink that much.The construction outside is a bit of a decor deterrent, but once that is completed, I will definitely be coming back.
5	One of the best places for lunch downtown!!
5	Love this place!!! This is my second time here! Everything is GREAT! The drinks and food are both great! Quick service! Ask for Brian, he is a great server
1	The 15% off promotion is bull. It clearly states per customer on an entree but they only allow one promotion per party. They didnt want to split the bill as it only applied to one entree. Not worth the price for the portion.
5	As locals, we frequent Triple George often, at least 2 or 3 times per month. We also recommend it to visitors and friends as a great place to eat, drink, and just generally have a great time.Things we like about Triple George: - Food is good and moderately priced - Drinks are generous - It's easy to get to and convenient to downtown casinos and activities - TODD THE BARTENDER IS AN OUTSTANDING BARTENDER     - Very friendly     - Multitasks like crazy     - Is always attentive     - Isn't afraid to tell you if he doesn't think something on the menu is up to parMichael & Patsy - local restaurant enthusiasts
5	Triple George is a class act restaurant. It is a great place to meet for lunch or dinner. I have been there over a dozen times and have yet to be disappointed. They have a fried chicken dinner with a southern gravy that is amazing. Their specials are always delicious, fresh and fun. They pride themselves on quality food and service and it shows.
1	I was there tonight. I ordered the filet that came out over cooked.When we complained about it to the waitress he said that he will make it up next time.We also had a surprise with the check. They added a payment of a baked potato to our bill, Without telling us that it cost extra. I will never go back to this place, it was a waist of 100$.
5	My boyfriend and I ate at Triple George recently during our vacation in Las Vegas.  We had an excellent meal with incredible service; better than anywhere we ate on the strip (and we ate at some of the best).   From the moment we walked in we were treated so well, like regulars almost.  The staff is stellar!  Most specifically, our server Brian was amazing; efficient, patient, and invested in our experience.We ordered the following:Appetizer, Crab Cakes- three generous crab cakes, served with marinara.   Unique but very good this way.  The crab was fresh and the cakes were lightly pan fried to perfection.Salad, Wedge- We shared this, that's how big it was.   The homemade blue cheese dressing was killer!Entree (1), Porcini Crusted Rib Eye-  First of all, this thing was HUGE (20 oz).  It was just enough sweet, peppery, and very tender.   Served with a side of fresh green beans and huge steak fries (fresh cut).Entree (2), Filet Mignon- Very nice cut of meat; tender and flavorful with a delicious wine sauce. Fresh green beans and yummy fresh made mashed potatoes served on the side. Dessert, Extra large Homemade Chocolate Chip Cookie- Deliciously warm and moist.   We paired it with some espresso and house coffee. I highly recommend the Triple George.  It seems as though N. 3rd St is really developing, which is great because Fremont leaves a lot to be desired.
4	Loved the atmosphere and the service. The food was good too. LOVED the veggies the best, I am a veggie lover, primarily a vegetarian who eats a tiny bit a fish here and there. I had a special which was sword fish with crab on top. It was very good, but the veggies were better. :) also tried the mashed potatoes which was someone else's in my party. They were soo tasty. I will probably go back. :)
3	Im not sure whats tackier; charging $2 for two small bleu cheese olives or not mentioning that there would be an additional $2 charge for two small bleu cheese olives requested with a specialty martini. Great way to guarantee two locals seated at the bar on a $60 dinner and drink bill won't be back. Disappointing.
4	Triple George Grill again receives a 4-star rating. Although not a knock-out the place is a diamond in the rough of downtown Vegas. I treated my husband to a birthday dinner here late on Monday night. We showed up at about 9:20 PM, and it closes at 10 PM, luckily we were not the only patrons still in the establishment as our dining experience went past their closing time.Our server was a very happy woman who knew her menu very well. Overall the service was 5-stars. Not a problem.I started off with a White Blend from Napa Valley, CA called Rhapsody, my husband ordered water. The White Blend was... hum, how can I put it? Very close to being atrocious? Of course, this is not the restaurant's fault, it's my fault for having a picky wine palate. Their wine menu features primarily California wines, with a few Italian varietals. No French wine. *clown tear*Moving on, I ordered the Seared Ahi Tuna Steak ($23.95), raw, with a side of wild rice, green beans/carrots, and soy sauce/wasabi. The tuna was pretty much perfect. The wild rice was pretty meh. Green beans and carrots - okay. My husband splurged and got the Porcini Crusted Rib Eye ($41.95). The meat was like butter. Beautifully done. His meal came with mashed potatoes and green beans/carrots. I gotta admit the sides here are pretty disappointing. The menu states that each entree will come with the chef's recommended sides and honestly I'd like to see a bit more creativity with them and also a bit more taste as well. Fortunately the steak made up for it, and it's a damn good thing it did considering the price.Lastly we required a dessert and my husband picked the M&M Cheesecake. It appeared to the dessert they were serving just for that night because it was not on the dessert menu. It was a lovely cheesecake and the addition of M&Ms was fun. My favorite part was the buttery graham cracker crust!Overall TGG is a decent dining option, especially for locals who want a nice steak but do not want to head down to the strip.
1	If I could give negative stars I would. I stopped in with my friend this afternoon for an early cocktail. Granted, we were not dressed to the nines but we were dressed ok for the neighborhood, a biker bar and pawn shop on the block. When we walked in, we got the up down disapproving look from the gentleman at the door. We were directed to the bar. When we sat down, we were semi greeted by a surly old bartender, far past his prime. When I inquired as to what he would recommend , he stated a shot of whiskey or a bud light. That offended me to the core as I took that to mean I was not sophisticated enough for a martini, wine or a specialty mixed drink. I then inquired about a sparkling wine, his response oh YOU want a wine list? I replied yes I would. I happen to have a sophisticated wine palate.  I was tempted to order a bottle of Dom, but could not get his attention to get served, not to mention all of the nasty fruit flies infesting the garnishes at the cocktail station. Needless to say, Me and my black American Express card will take our business to an establishment that would like to serve me in a clean environment with a smile.  I eat out often and will be passing this info to my business network as well as friends. And we are locals!
5	Triple George Grill was awesome!  Coming from a group of (5), we rated it the best hidden secret/restaurant in Las Vegas!!  The next time in Las Vegas we will be sure to come back!!
4	Vistied for the second time and was not disappointed.  It's a solid 4* restaurant.  It's right next to the new Mob Bar - just down the street from the pretty cool Mob Museum.Started off with a chopped salad, large enough for two to share with a tangy vinaigrette that drenched the salad.  Take it easy on the sourdough or you'll be sorry by being full.I had their special, which was a surf (two jumbo shrimp) and turf (flat iron steak) - both very tasty and well worth the price.Two friends had the ribeye and it was cooked to perfection, pretty good sized and very tasty.Overall a cool experience, nice to get away and out of the same ol, same ol in the casinos.
5	As Homer Simpson says Hhhhmmmmm. (insert picture of me mouth open, tongue out, drooling in a state of pure food bliss)What else is there to say. I never go to Vegas with out stopping here at least once and I always leave on cloud nine. This trip was the special of the day Buffalo Rib Eye with blue cheese. We split that with Calamari to start followed by a chopped salad. Accompanied by a bottle of Troublemaker and followed by a chocolate death of some sort, pure food orgasm....Did I mention I love this place and just writing this is making my mouth water.Get there late or make a reservation to get a nice booth but make sure to visit the bar first as they have the best, friendliest bartenders in vegas. The basil cucumber martini was amazing and a great price during happy hour.One last note if you can only go here once you absolutely, positively, with out doubt, no question about it must have the Cioppino. Yes its that good and just typing about it has made me so hungry I must go eat now...
5	Great service!!!! The food is excellent and the atmosphere is very classy!!!!
5	The service was absolutely amazing and the food was incredible.  My wife and I had our first trip to Vegas and tried out several different restaurants on the Strip.  Most were ok but not as good as the hype.  Our last night there we headed down to Fremont Street and found this neat little restaurant over on 3rd about a block away from Fremont. (Thank you Yelp!)  They treated us like royalty!  I got the pot roast and my wife got the chicken pot pie.  Both were amazing and both were HUGE portions.  The pot roast was so tender I didn't need a knife, and the pot pie had a perfect flaky crust.  We ordered one salad to share and they put it on two plates for us.  Truly great service.  BONUS:  This place serves coke!  Yay!  Its hard to find a coke in Vegas unfortunately.
4	Solid food every time I visit for lunch or dinner. Great place to grab food in downtown Las Vegas!
3	We always take friends and family to Triple George when they are in town.  We have always really enjoyed their food, the atmosphere and the great service.  Two out of three on our last visit.  I ordered the pot roast, which I literally had to saw through with a steak knife.  Not tender at all.  Our guest had the ribeye special, which was also pretty tough and chewy.  My wife had the Chicken Saltimbocca, which she wasn't impressed with either.  However, the baked goat cheese appetizer and the calamari appetizer were both outstanding as usual.  At the end of the meal our guest was served room temperature decaf.  Not a great experience.  We'll give them another chance because this has not been our normal experience with Triple George.  But our guest was not impressed and I don't blame him.
5	The food and service were great. We had a party of six and everyone enjoyed their meal.  Will definitely go back again!
5	Yummmm...plain and simple. Hidden gem in Vegas. 2 of us had a fab dinner for less than $70 (including 2 drinks!).
5	I really really like this place! The downtown location is fabulous.  The decor was so warm, cozy, very old school Vegas. The wine list was very nice, and friends that were with us ordered Mojitos that they said they were made perfectly. First of all they brought the most amazing bread with whipped butter, olive oil, and fresh herbs. It was so good we ate all of it! The bread and wine were worth the trip by themselves. Our appetizers were Seared Ahi and Spinach Artichoke Dip, both were really really good. Again the garlic bread that was paired with the dip was perfect.My husband had the Sage Fried Chicken, he said it was excellent. I had the Pot Pie.... yum yum yum. It was really good, creamy full of flavor, I really recommend trying it.The other couple with us had the Chicken Fettuccine and the Crab Stuffed Shrimp. Both of the dishes looked great and our friends were raving about how much they liked the dishes as well.We are going back next week!
5	Visited while taking in the New Downtown Grand and was delighted in the service and hospitality. I had the Porcini Crusted Ribeye and it was fabulous!  One of the best steaks I have had in quite some time.  worth the trip and highly recommend. I will be back!
5	This is a hidden gem! Advice by Brenda was impeccable! She is super friendly, knowledgable, and meticulously went over a freshly made table! Shined the silverware and placed the settings and chair in its perfect position!  Thanks Brenda for a memorable evening! I has the filet and it was cooked to perfection! We will surely be back
4	What a great find!  The sourdough bread was amazing and the filet was cooked perfectly.  The staff was very accommodating and a cool, nostalgic atmosphere.
5	Absolutely loved this place. Came here during a spontaneous trip with close friends and we had such a great time. Our waitress, Cecilia was so friendly and accommodating despite our shenanigans, she made our experience all the more enjoyable (give her a raise/bonus). The ambience and feel of the overall restaurant was nice (classy), but not suffocating or uncomfortable for casual wear. Now onto the food...quite honestly, my friends and I weren't expecting anything grand which may be why it far exceeded any expectations we had. The food was absolutely delicious. From the chicken Christopher to the filet mignon to the blackened salmon to the fried chicken, everything was ON POINT! We are definitely coming back whenever we're in sin city.
5	We love this place! Everything is great starting with the delicious bread they serve before the meal. Don't fill up on the bread though because that's just the beginning! Tonight we had the filet mignon at the recommendation of our server. We usually have the pot roast or minestrone soup. Wow! Best filet we've had in a few years! Everything was perfect! And before I end my review I need to give a "Shout Out" to our server, CJ !!  He did a great job in every way. His knowledge of food and food preparation is impressive. Most servers can only tell you that steak comes from a beef cow. You won't be disappointed at this restaurant!
4	Great steak experience! We had an awesome experience with the server last year; this year he's average but the food is a. Ma. Zing as always!
3	Being long time residents, and hearing so much about the revitalization of the downtown area, we wanted to go check out the new Downtown Grand, and eat at one of their restaurants.   My first advice on the Downtown Grand - don't bother.   We were also disappointed to find out that while the hotel's website says the Triple George is their nice restaurant, it is actually across the street, and not part of the hotel.Restaurant was good, but nothing special, and not something I think we would return to..  Prices were very reasonable for what we had.  Certainly nothing negative by any stretch, just nothing special enough to make us go back downtown.  Service was excellent, and atmosphere was typical "high end downtown", which means lower end strip.
5	Went to my mom's house to visit the fam one Monday night and my brother invited me to dinner with his friends in DTLV. I was excited to try this spot as Downtown has so many up-and-coming spots --- it's always exciting to try new things there. Yelped "Triple George" and was surprised that there were reviews from 2010 --- I'm in Downtown enough to "THINK" I know where things are but, I stand corrected.We drove on a street (next to the Grand Hotel) and were really surprised to see that particular street had outdoor seating for the various restaurants there. My sister-in-law said it reminded her of Gaslamp District in San Diego; to which we all agreed.The restaurant was fairly busy with business-dressed people, as well, as families....like us (10 ppl, including 4 kids). We started with a bottle of pinot noir, goat cheese marinara, and calamari.The goat cheese marinara was what it sounds like but, tastes sooooooooooooooooooooo amazing!!!!!!!! Goat cheese was baked/warmed with the marinara and some olive oil to which we spread upon some bread/baguette. UGH......did I say it tasted sooooooooooooooooooooooo amazing and creamy. I love cheese and pizza and bread so, this was the best of my three worlds.I've always wanted to try veal so, I figured this would be my chance...and got veal scaloppini. ***let it be noted that I'm disappointed that they didn't have lamb*** The sauce with the mushrooms and brown gravy was exactly how I imagined being rich and full of flavor. The meat was sliced thin and thoroughly cooked through. The side of veggies it came with went really well with the dish...like what you would expect at a steakhouse.My sister in law loved her burger and asked for more lettuce as she at it without the bun ...."protein style..." My brother and all his friends got the ribeye. They seemed to love it but, portions were too much for brother, so he packed it for his morning "steak and eggs."Ironically, the stand out dish for me/my sis-in-law was the French onion soup that my niece had for dinner. It was so hearty, cheesy, and so savory! We weren't going to order dessert as we were all full but, the kids wanted to samps the chocolate cake and pumpkin spice cheesecake. I looooooooooooooove chocolate but, that pumpkin spice cheesecake was stellar!
3	Overall, Triple George Grill is a quaint restaurant with outstanding service. The menu isn't extensive, but the prices are moderate. Portions were sized just right, but I found the food to be a little bland. Nothing was wrong with it, but it wasn't remarkable. I ordered the Herb Roasted Chicken, and while it was huge, it wasn't memorable. Where the food was slightly bland, the service was far from it. I honestly felt like I was dining at a 5-Star, 5-Diamond restaurant. The server and waiter were both very knowledgeable about the menu, were friendly while talking to us, and catered to our every need. Our table's glasses were never empty, and whatever we asked for was given to us immediately. While there wasn't anything on the menu to make me come back, I had an enjoyable experience at Triple George Grill.
2	Terrible experience today. I ordered the butterfish with no aoli which the waitress didn't remember. Our lunch took over 40 min to deliver minus one of my lunch guests soups which we had to ask for three times. My butterfish was coated in aioli and I sent it back to discover there was no more fish.  Okay. So I asked for mine back and the server said they threw it away.  The manager came over and asked what I wanted and I said the mahi mahi I guess with macaroni and cheese as a side. The mahi came quick and was awful and mushy and gray in color.  The manager forgot my macaroni and cheese after a 5 minute debate on why on earth I would pair macaroni with fish.  Not remembering an order seems to be the theme here. Then we were fully billed for the fish that I barely ate.  The ambiance is cool but the food and service are better just about anywhere. A $26 entree that wasn't what I ordered and 55 min after I sat down.  Get it together on the service.  Ridiculous.  You've officially lost my business and word on the street is Triple G is notorious for sucky service and mediocre food at best.
5	A friend suggested this place for an affordable but nice dinner and it exceeded our expectations. Our appetizers (bruschetta and spinach artichoke dip) were great. The entrees were very good as well. The service was even better though. The servers checked on us regularly, our water glasses were never empty and it was an overall great experience.
2	The blackened swordfish of the day was cooked perfectly but the chef drowned it in pepper, which was unfortunate because otherwise this fish would have been delicious. The squash soup (also a special of the day) tasted like it came from a can. The service here is very good but the food just doesn't add up.
3	Slow service, didn't take my Yelp coupon, Food was good. Very nice atmosphere, but I barely ever saw or heard from my waiter. I would not recommend if you don't have a lot of time to eat.
1	Great food here; had the goat cheese marinara appetizer, filet oscar and the special, "mouse king" (strip with porcini butter). Steaks were amazing, and the appetizer was tasty. The service was stellar and the ambiance was hip, old school cigar bar feel.However, at 2 and 4 am, both my husband and I were up VERY ill; the only thing we shared was the goat cheese-- perhaps it was not handled properly or poorly stored, but I have never heard my husband whimper from stomach pain and cramps before in my life! Needless to say, it turned our lovely date night into a long, excruciating overnight for the both of us. I am not sure we would return after such an incident. Had we not gotten ill, I would have rated an easy 4 stars.
5	I was in Las Vegas for the weekend and wanted a good steak on my last day there. Yelp led me to the Triple George Grill which was right off of Fremont Street. My girlfriend had the fettuccini alfredo and I had the porcini crusted ribeye. Possibly the best steak I've ever had, and it was cooked perfectly. The mashed potatoes and veggies that came on the side were also very good. Great martinis. Very nice intimate and private booths. This will be a regular stop for me from now on, when I come to Las Vegas.
5	The food is great, service is great, nice plate portions , for sure will be back to eat here
5	Located right next to the Grand, Triple George is a great place downtown to grab a bite. It's a short walk from Fremont Street, so it is easily accessible if you're in that area.I came here on a Thursday evening with two girlfriends for a late night dinner.  Not very many people in, so they were very accommodating, and sat us immediately.  We started off with drinks.  We each had dirty martinis--so good!  The blue cheese stuffed olives (order extra ;)) were a beautiful compliment to the perfectly shaken martini.  The table bread was warm, crusty, and delicious.  We ordered the baked goat cheese marinara as an appetizer; it's served with garlic toasted crusty bread.  Delicious!  I swear I could eat the whole thing.  For entrees we ordered the porcini crusted rib eye (medium rare), the shrimp george, and the vegan chicken marsala (yes--they have a vegan menu and it's pretty sweet!).  We all shared, and everything was great, particular the shrimp george.  It's stuffed with crab and served with a lemon butter sauce, veggies and rice pilaf.  Very tasty!  The porcini crusted rib eye was also very good--not the best I've ever had, but definitely satisfying.  I love the fact that they had a vegan menu.  One of my girlfriends is vegetarian, so it's great to find places that cater to her peoples ;) And I'm not gonna lie their vegan menu ain't half bad!  The vegan chicken marsala was DEE-lish! Our server was prompt and sweet.  He noticed it was mine and my girlfriend's birthdays, and he brought over chocolate lava cake with vanilla ice cream.  If I weren't so full, I would have polished this off haha! But yeah, it was definitely a satisfying evening.  The bill came out to approximately $50 each, with tip included.  Not bad for all the food we got.  Triple George is high up on my list for the many great downtown eateries!
1	Our table-service experience however, reminded all 8 of us why we usually eat at the bar! Based on the way our server, Ceclie, treated 8 of us locals at Triple George last night, apparently having locals as partons is not important to Cecial! Not only did she provide sub-par service (slow, inaccurate, didn't visit the table much at all - had to go to the bar to buy drinks because she didn't come around at all to ask if we needed anything!), but she wasn't satisfied with the automnatic gratuity added for parties of 8 or more - and made sure to call us all a nasty name as we left. She didn't do her job, and quite frankly, wouldn't have gotten much if any of a tip from us if it hadn't been imposed by the restaurant.The food took longer than usual and was way too salty - not just one meal - the soups and everyone's meal! Not that our waitress cared - she didn't even stop by to ask how everything was tasting!  We have all gone there for years - and may not ever go back after this! Disappointed doesn't even scratch the surface!So you know we are not only complainers, the bartenders, Todd and Marty, and the porter, Eddie, were spectacular as ALWAYS! The manager, Chance, was very nice and took good care of us.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed at the new Downtown Grand Hotel while in Vegas last week and were looking for a nice place to eat, away from the Casino smoke and noise. Triple George Grill fit the bill! Just across the street, the interior provided a nice, quiet respite from the Vegas hubbub. The tall wooden booths created a privacy we relished as we devoured our meals. He had the petit filet that he declared the best he'd ever eaten (and he's eaten a lot!) and I had the shrimp and scallop pasta dish, which they made with spicey marinara for me rather than the dairy-based sauce. The scallops were plump and succulent. The shrimp tender and moist. The sourdough bread....I must have eaten two loaves on my own it was so tasty.Next time we're in downtown Vegas, we will be going to the Triple George Grill. Not only was the food delectable, but the service was a comfortable pace and friendly.
5	Amazing food, great service and a great vibe that is not your usual Vegas restaurant setting. I have tried a large amount of the menu and have never once tried anything bad. They're oysters and crab cocktail are beyond wonderful. Wouldn't expect such high quality fresh seafood in Las Vegas. The fish and chips are also really good if you're looking for a fried entree. If shooting for a chicken dish I recommend the chicken saltimbocca but have tried all and they're all cooked wonderfully. Full of flavor and never dry. I don't eat red meat so unfortunately I can't speak of that part of the menu.
3	Came here with some friends on a Thursday night.  I ordered the shrimp pasta; the flavor was decent.  However, the price for the food here doesn't correlate. I think it's a bit overpriced, but if you're in the neighborhood and require some "finer" dining, then Triple George Grill is the place to go.  The service here was great, too.  Our group stayed behind for almost another hour after we were done with our meals to chat (the place was empty by that point), and our waitress was very nice and continued to fill our glasses with water and checked in on us way after we paid our bill.  They also have these booths that can give your party a lot of privacy.
5	This place is great! We were a party of four celebrating a wedding on a Sunday night. It was not crowded and we were promptly seated at a booth. The booths offer a great deal of privacy, which was great for our group. Everyone enjoyed their meal, and the service was very attentive. And the price was just right. I will definitely be returning!
5	Homemade mashed potatoes, chicken parm, fish and chips. Excellent. Plus the jazz music and interior make it a very cool.
5	My friends and I had a reservation on Friday evening. The first thing I noticed was how friendly and patient the hostess was because I could not remember whose name the reservation was under. As I was being seated, I noticed the bar area had ample space and the bartenders had excellent drink presentation. The overall space is a lot larger inside than it looks outside. The most amazing thing about this restaurant is the vegan menu with ample selections. I had the Vegan "chicken" Marsala and the house salad. Prior to the salad arriving, Mary, our server brought out bread with butter and olive oil. My friends raved on how crispy the outside was, yet the inside was soft and delectable. The mixed greens in my salad were fresh and crisp and I would recommend the balsamic vinaigrette.When my plate arrived, I was very pleased with the green beans and carrots. They had the right amount of crunch and tasted great with the marsala sauce and mushrooms that were atop my "chicken". Out of the vegetarian/vegan plates I have ordered over the years from various restaurants, this one looked the most appetizing. My friends who never want anything vegetarian, wanted to try the "chicken" marsala with the basmati rice and they loved it!  Needless to say, I cleaned my plate and enjoyed every bite! Since it was my friend's birthday, Mary brought out a chocolate cake with ice cream and whipped topping. The cake looked amazing and my friends enjoyed it. My bill was about $25, and although it was a little more expensive than what I would normally spend, it was well worth it and I will definitely be back!
3	Decent food at a good price... 2 dollar charge for stuffed olives in a martina is comical...  filet was very average..  fish was good...
5	First class all the way!!  We had our rehearsal dinner here. 12 guests were treated to delicious appetizers, entrees, and wine. I had the cioppino, and it was the largest serving I've ever ordered. There were so many scallops and shrimp! The only thing I missed was the saffron rice (I guess that's not how they serve it here)Being out of state makes it difficult to plan a fixed menu reservation, but Kim was top notch in customer service. She answered every question I asked, and it turned out exactly how she said it would be.Our servers were also on the spot. No drink was empty, no dirty plate was left on the table.I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting. Incredible value for your money considering the entrees range from $15-$30!
5	Next time my husband and I are in Las Vegas, we are going to come back to Triple George Grill. Excellent service! Especially our waiter John was very professional, invested and friendly.
4	Classic place for a great martini and absolutely outstanding food. Massively favorite with the locals. If they're busy be ready to order your drinks and food quickly, but that's not really a complaint. Serious attention paid to the quality of food here. Highly recommended. Sitting at the counter is a blast!
3	Good food and a nice place, but check you receipt. Two times this week credit card and receipts don't add up. Something very sneaky going on.
5	This place was a blessing to find. Just when I was giving up on finding a descent restaurant it was right there right across from the Grand Hotel where we were staying at. The happy hour is great!!We ordered the calamari and the chicken wings and the mescal mule came in these beautiful copper mugs. Superb!! Loved the decor and the open kitchen and the staff was very busy and friendly. The place has old school feel and great energy. I felt like I was in one of San Francisco's Italian hip restaurants...will definitely go there again!
5	Heard about this place through friends.Excellent food and service. Well worth another trip again and again!
3	First the decor and vibe of this place is really cool. Great for nice dinner dates or even grabbing a bite with the boys. I really really wanted the food to be awesome.... It's not. It's not the worst I've ever had, but it's not great.  I stated with the Shrimp Cocktail which at $13.00 is a deal w/6 jumbo shrimp. On the strip this would be a $18-$20 app. Then I had the porcini crust ribeye med-rare at $41-$42 which was very mediocre. First the steak was more medium than med rare. There was no real crust. It tastes more like a rub with was brushed on at the end. My server at the bar seemed a bit overwhelmed and was very short and choppy til the end of service. Plus the food took just way too long to come out. Kitchen was killing me! We waited over an hr for our entree. I know it takes time to cook but that's ridic! Plus chef please put more effort to the veg portion to the meal. The 1980's are screaming for it back. The consolation to this review are the prices which are pretty decent for the style of restaurant they're trying pull off. If you go here don't get fancy. Order simple food and you'll be less vexed than I.
3	so, an ok restaurant...steakhouse. not to be picky but it was definitely the small things that made the experience "ok".wanted to try to something new and as a local, there several options throughout the valley but we wanted something downtown since it's new upcoming scene.greeted and sat in a timely manor, tip - set up reservations...they were wide open prior to arrival but had a 45 min wait for walk ins.once sat it took almost 10 minutes before the waitress came by to take our drink order, water and a cape cod. took about 15 minutes before she came back with the cape cod. the bussers' were on it, although i don't think one of them heard when i asked for lemons because he told me to wait for the waitress...as she would take my order.we proceeded to order...shared our appetizers, salad, and main. now, key...we said we were sharing. not a big deal but in the service industry its all about the extra attention to detail.upon finishing our appetizers, perfect timing as our salads were being brought out. oddly enough, just as the waiter placed them...the waitress came right behind and placed our main. we were surprised of this, but no real issue and attempted to make room on the small table. the bothersome issue was the comment by the waitress "oh i'm sorry did you want the salads first?" we responded it's ok, what were we to say, take the main back...?apps - baked goat cheese in marinara and seared ahi tuna. not a fan of goat cheese, but the marinara was good as well as the toast. ahi tuna was awesome.salad - caprese and a wedge. 1 of the 3 tomatoes was mushy. wedge was good.dinner - filet oscar. with all honesty the best way to explain it...it tasted like a hungry man's dinner. it was good, but not great. mashed potatoes weren't fluffy, a bit hard...definitely fresh. overall just missed the wow.i'm definitely not one to follow advice from anyone...with that being said go experience it for yourself. maybe/hopefully it will be better than ours.
5	This place is excellent and every dish I have tried has been exceptional.  But the two things that stand out are the goat cheese marinara appetizer and probably the best clam chowder I have ever had.  Even the sourdough bread they give you with the meal is excellent.
3	Excellent food and service! Came with a large group...no trouble keeping up with us. Some of the higher end entries seemed a little small, but, tasted great. We will return but will choose items from the "Favorites".  Better value.
3	We took advantage of the yelp check-in discount. 15% off just for being there.The Restaurant- Friendly staff, somewhat slow service but they were busy. Loud atmosphere. Could dress up or wear jeans here. The food- Absolutely terrific chicken alfredo. The Caesar salad was good but the charbroiled chicken in it was off. We told the staff and they replaced it with a salad with no chicken. They comped us dessert for the chicken fiasco. The cheesecake was a huge portion and was to die for, came with a strawberry sauce and fresh strawberries and blackberries. The key lime pie was a pretty small portion but looked good.Will definitely try again.
2	This restaurant needs time to develop. Staff needs training. Although its managements fault for not training staff properly.-it took 8 minutes for our female server or even anyone to acknowledge we were sitting there. -side dishes are not listed on menu, although server thought they were and tried to find them on menu, only not to be there.-if we were told vegetables were served with  the steak we would not have ordered the vegetable plater.- I ordered the porcini rubbed ribeye. BAD IDEA. That was my fault. Ribeye has great marbleization and flavor, you don't need a mushroom rub to over power it. It was not enjoyable. My server was great in offering something else. I played it safe with filet.Female Management came over to apologize and handled the situation perfectly. - chocolate desert was nothing great. I'm giving 1 star for decor and 1 one for the way management handle situation.The food was not memorable in only that it was lousy. When I had to sign for the check I was given a payday loan pen to sign ... How tacky Thank goodness I had a full comp. I'll give this place another year before I go back.The server had to big of a station. Under staffing can lead to failure. It was a Thursday night.
4	Excellent steak. Don't tempura lobster! It is so good by itself, when you do that to it, it tastes like fish sticks. Great spinach artichoke dip. Comfortable ambiance with old-school Vegas pictures decorating the walls. Slow table service, but it was a Saturday night.
5	Our driver from the airport recommended Triple George's to us - we were not disappointed.  Everything from the salad, to the steak and dessert was absolutely scrumptious!  We will definitely visit this restaurant on our next trip to Vegas - highly recommend!
5	I've eaten here twice and so far the food has been consistently good. I had a Cobb Salad and it was delicious! I am really big on customer service and this place has been great both times. It's conveniently located downtown and easily accessible. I look forward to trying this place out for dinner.
2	I've had better from a lot of low class diners around the area. Best part of my meal was the free sourdough bread. Appetizer: Calamari- Although cooked well the calamari was oily and greasy and the dipping sauce was sparseEntree: Filet Mignon- My filet was caked in a really heavy gravy of some sort...probably to mask the charcoal taste of the burnt outside. Inside was cooked well and tasted fineAlso one of my pet peeves occurs when management visits every table in the entire facility to ask how dinner is going and purposely skips you. Really irks me as I feel that my money is just as good as others. To be honest I don't know why this place has four stars? The DTLV hipsters must be drinking some of this place's kool aid
5	Great service, great food, great atmosphere. Went on a Saturday night and they were busy but our service still managed to spend some time joking with us. We ordered drinks and steamed clams. Clams were good but we got some empty shells so a new order was brought, so nice. Ordered the lamb special, seafood linguine, and crab louie and all were delicious. I honestly can't wait to go back and to also try the two other bars that share the owner. No complaints at all.
5	Stopped in for lunch and had the Cesar salad with grilled shrimp. I must admit the shrip was grilled to perfection and seasoned perfectly. My compliments to the chef! I'd also like to compliment the staff on such a warm welcome and our server Becky was wonderful. Great personality and helped out with some great suggestions on what to do while here.Overall it was a great experience and I would definitely recommend dinning here.
4	Good food, friendly staff. Great happy hour. Really like this place. I'm here for unfortunate times but really like this place.
5	Pot Roast is to die for! Melinda is awesome and pours a great American Mule! Great find Downtown! Would definitely be back our next time in town!
5	Amazing! I had a longer drive than usual into Vegas so I nixed my plans of going out to eat. Checked into the Downtown Grand but wasn't feeling like any of their restaurants ( I forgot the Commissary is now open). The place was a 2-3 minute walk from my room so I called in a take out order at 9:20 (they close at 10). I had read the reviews on Yelp so asked Todd the bartender about  two items. Of th two, he suggested the fried chicken and it was AMAZING...The take out people even packed it up correctly with the gravy sauce separate which made all the difference because I gambled a bit before going back to my room so the dish was not all soggy...The dish came with a great mash potato and excellent carrots/green beans I read the reviews here so I asked them for bread and butter...the butter for some reason was a little bland but the sourdough bread was amazing. I appreciate that they didn't pack it until I got there so it was still slighty warm even after I made it to my room 40 minutes later...The dish was already a 10, if I had had it hot/sooner I would it would of been even more Food-gasmic....Its a good thing I will be visiting the fitness center..lolHow much was this meal? $15 including taxes, I tipped $2...sure I lost $20 gambling but I honesty would of paid $30 for some buffet on the strip that was not as good as the meal I had in the comfort of my room...New fave take out in the downtown area...They also have a nice big bar vintage style to belly up too which I imagine is great for date conversation which is a nice contract to the party bar next door of hogs & heifers. Because I was a party of 1, I probably wouldn't site down and do the formal steakhouse thing which is better in a group....
4	Great food at a reasonable cost. Be sure to try the chicken Christopher! Our server was so attentive and helpful. I had a shit meal on the strip for twice the price. I'm glad I found this little place.
4	I've known about Triple George Grill since 2005, it came highly recommended by my friend Cinnamon Steen Fahey who used to be a showgirl back in the Rat Pack days (she performed with Sammy Davis Jr in the 70's and Isaac "shut yo mouth" Hayes as well as numerous shows around the valley) so you know she KNOWS Vegas....Well, fast forward almost 10 years later and we finally made it here..go figure, I even lived Downtown for a year and never made it. WHAT was I thinking?!? We definitely missed out not coming here earlier.So we decided to have a staycation for the mister's birthday- got a room at the Downtown Grand and made dinner reservations at Triple George. I had done months of research on steakhouses all over Vegas..yeah we could have gone to one of the fancier ones on the strip but I'm not that type of person- I would rather support local as much as I can.  And the Downtown area has changed so much that the area around Triple George is just so much fun now.Walking in, I felt like I was back at Chic's Place in San Francisco.  Well, I found out from our waiter that Triple George's owner created it to be exactly like Tadich Grill in SF!  Our waiter was great, we talked about SF and about Maui (where he is from)- service was top notch from the hostess down to the busboy.We started with the baked goat cheese marinara appetizer, it came with lots of crostini and could easily feed 4 people.  Since we wanted to save room for our entrees, we had to stop ourselves from gorging on warm cheese and bread!The mister ordered the porcini crusted ribeye and I had the petrale sole, both were delicious but I LOVED the ribeye...it was done a perfect medium rare and was like "buttah"!.  I loved it so much that I ate my fish and almost half of the mister's ribeye!  The veggies that came with our entrees were nothing to rave about, but the star of the dinner was for sure the steak.We finished off dinner with a complimentary chocolate cake with a birthday candle and a Irish coffee.  Overall, an outstanding evening!
5	We went here for my birthday dinner. It was quiet and very nice. I ordered the fried chicken and it was delicious. I'd recommend this to friends.
5	Mom's birthday dinner, we found this place on yelp. We decided to give a try! Server was friendly, helpful & delightful. The suggested white/blends wine was my new love, food portions were huge, sauces were sensational & unique. Steak perfectly  cooked. 4 starts for the food, 1 start for the whole evening !
1	just an update...we ate at the venue on 02/07/2014, but were charged on 02/27/2014??when we called to ask, we were told "this happens all the time" no, sorry this does not. i did not put down my credit card like i would at a bar where the bartender would place an authorization pending your request to close your tab. i received the bill and put my card down for payment, we should have been billed that day if not by the next morning once their credit card went through the settlement process.would definitely not recommend anyone deal with this
4	Triple George is an American restaurant and in a way the food here reminds me of comfort food. The restaurant is decorated in dark wood with dining areas divided into small sections. You may be dining very closely with the next table so it can feel a little bit claustrophobic. I ordered the vegan ravioli. The other people I was with ordered one of the burgers and the meatloaf . They all liked it a lot and wanted to come back. As for my ravioli, it was delicious, albeit being a little heavy and creamy. Not sure if I will be back on my own free will. The food is good but not something I crave for.
5	Love this restaurant! I've been here a few times now and I am never disappointed. I came for a business lunch and the food and drinks were amazing. I had the buttermilk sage fried chicken and a cucumber martini. The flavors were so good. This was best cucumber martini I have ever had! Happy hour here is great. We had the goat cheese marinara and wings. I was surprised how good the cheese marinara was. It came with perfectly toasted bread for dipping.
5	Went to Triple George for the first time and felt nostalgic to see that it was next door to the now-closed Sidebar (my favorite place for a real Vodka Gimlet). The food, being the best thing, was definitely above average - and that's true even with the grilled vegetable plate I ordered.The service was prompt and the servers had good personalities. Nice ambience, lighting not to dark or light and the bread pudding dessert was amazing!  I WILL be back :)
4	Great food, service and ambiance!  Had a quiet lunch here in a very private booth.  Cadillac Margarita was an A+ !  Definitely worth a try if you venture down to Fremont Street!
2	The meal was outstanding but conversation was impossible.The noise in the dining room was unacceptable.
4	We went twice during our stay at the nearby Downtown Grand. The first time, the service was lousy. Our waiter was indifferent, did not bother to explain the dinner specials, and appeared generally hostile. Second time around, our waitress Denise was attentive, took time to explain the specials, made cocktail suggestions, and was very friendly. The food here is hit and miss; the salad greens were wilted and littered with sad looking carrots that appeared to have been munched and spat out by a cow with bad teeth. The calamari was way overcooked, chewy. Really, there's no need to fry calamari until it's dark brown. The lamb was delicious, steaks properly cooked, chicken was juicy, oysters were sweet, and the drinks were yummy. Highly recommended, just stay away from the salads and calamari.
4	Nice surprise in downtown.  The food was tasty and the service was attentive and prompt.  Great atmosphere!
5	No loud, booming contemporary pop hits?  No obnoxious lighting or seating?  Damn, this is my place.  We found Triple George on Yelp and were looking for a solid yet under $20/person dinner.  My husband had the French onion soup--it was beyond compare, and we try it any time we have the opportunity.  I just mowed down the sourdough bread basket and drank my appetizer instead (g and t).  He had the pot pie, and I had the chicken saltimbocca.  The pot pie is enormous, flaky, and filled with veggies, gravy, and biscuit.  His only complaint was to reduce the pearl onions and peas a bit.  My dish was out-of-this-world.  I can't say enough about the saltimbocca...tender chicken breast fillets, gravy, mushrooms, prosciutto.  YUM.  Our server, Jackie, was attentive *enough*.  She didn't hover or push anything on us and did more visual check-ins than anything, which I actually prefer.  A gem in Downtown.
4	The food here is fantastic. I don't think I've ever had a bad meal. The tomato soup is awesome and I love their salads. Their service is ok, it can sometimes be hit or miss, but that definitely doesn't deter me from going there.
5	Great food! Fast Service. Accommodates 14 people on a short notice.
4	Went to Triple George unexpectedly after finding that pizza rock had a huge wait during restaurant week and nascar weekend. They had a long wait but my girlfriend, her mom, and me found 3 seats at the bar pretty easily.. One side note if you are trying to get close and cuddle with your significant other the bar stools are bolted to the ground and are a little far away from each other so you'll be reaching a bit. The food was amazing and very reasonably prices for a steakhouse type of restaurant. We had some French onion soup which was amazing, I haven't been a big fan of French onion soup but have been getting into it lately and there's was delicious! The chopped salad unfortunately wasn't anything special, I like those real finely chopped ones and theirs was kind of just like chunky chopped. We had some chicken with crazy and mashed potatoes which was awesome the chicken was very flavorful. My girlfriends mom said that the chef was a little heavy handed on the pepper on each dish we tried, I like pepper so I didn't really notice. The only negative comment I have is that our waiter didn't check on us as often as I would have liked, this normally doesn't bother me but there were a few moments where we needed some things and I couldn't even get his attention. I know they were busy but if I'm trying to get your attention and I can't get it easily that kind of sucks, it took a few minutes and we also waited to get our check for a while even after our plates sat empty for about 15 minutes. Overall though the food was great atmosphere is classic and the staff was friendly.
4	I had the Shrimp George, good food & good ambiance.  Drinks were a bit expensive though.
5	CJ was amazingly attentive! Great value for money if you are looking for a solid steak house off the strip!
2	Read reviews and it was close...but no cigar ordered the New York steak and veal scaloppini and some cocktails....the steak at 30 a plate was full of fat and gristle and my veal was about the same and the sauce brown and gravy like heavy not what scaloppini is usually likeMy martini was suggested And it was sweet but lacked flavor...service was good but don't think we'd return with so many choices out there.
5	You need to try this place! The veal scallopini was the best my husband has ever has and the sole was to die for! Love this place!
4	Service very slow out front. Maybe saw waitress twice. Halibut, told the first day they've had it, was overlooked and dry. Steaks looked good. Might give bar another shot.
3	Had a decent meal and okay service.  Seats were hard and it would have had a cooler vibe had it taken the "steakhouse" look and feel all the way to the max.  Having said that, wine list is decent, bar was hopping and people looked like they were having a good time.
1	Went to lunch there today with some coworkers, I will NEVER go back. Had CJ as a waiter, he was absolutely horrible, what a total jerk. Some of my coworkers warned me about him and have had many negative experiences with him. Yeah, they weren't joking. I found hair in my food and asked for the same entree. He brought out another bowl of soup and told me to "mind the breeze." First, there wasn't a breeze. I told him yeah the hair didn't fly in my soup from the breeze, it was in the soup. He then said "Are you sure?" He had a total attitude the entire time, he then stood over me while I looked at the bill pressuring me to pay it right away. He brought the bill back and picked up my wallet to move it and place the check down. I will never ever go back here thanks to CJ. The food is pretty good, but even that isn't enough to have me chance another encounter with CJ. What a jackass.
5	Triple George is a great option for a nice dinner downtown. Our food was delicious and the price was really reasonable for a restaurant of this quality. We went on a Sunday night around 8 pm and were seated immediately. The service was fantastic - not too pushy, but prompt and we never were waiting long for food. I highly recommend the Warm Chocolate Indulgence dessert - but be prepared to split it. In addition to being delicious, it's also ginormous.
4	The food was delicious we started out with the bruschetta and order of the steamers my wife had the chicken Christopher, my mother-in-law had the sole and I had the cioppino!  Service was marginal at best, we would go back for the food.  Not for the service!
5	Overall, great fun night on a perfect Vegas evening! To start, our waiter CJ was a crack up and very attentive. I asked what he would get and he suggested the most expensive thing on the menu, their signature Ribeye. My first thought "were locals, no need to go that fancy on a Thursday night" but he sold my Uncle into it and it was truly delicious. Most restaurants talk a good talk when they suggest their (BLANK) is the best but this Ribeye was one of the best I've had. I got the Filet, also very good. Great company, great food, great night. I would highly recommend!
4	Good food, reasonable prices and nice atmosphere.  A respite from The Strip.  We combined it with a look see on Fremont St.
3	I would really give it a 3.5 stars.  Service was good, food was good, prices were fair.  Had the wedge salad (generous serving, enough to share), shrimp scampi, and rib eye.  No drinks, we were dehydrated from drinking at the pool all day.  Bill was $58 without the tip.  If you check in you get a 15% discount on one entree.
2	I am so disappointed with my experience this past Saturday night. I made a reservation for a girl's night with my sister and some friends. I had heard amazing things about the food so we thought we'd get dressed up and give it a try.We called on our way to let the staff know we were running a few minutes behind, and were about 5 people less than we anticipated. They were fabulous and made sure we didn't lose our spot in the process. Kudos to the ladies up front. They were great.When we were seated we immediately got to looking over our menu. I have a dairy allergy so I had planned ahead and read the menu online. On the website they offer a vegan menu, so I happily chose the ravioli in advance, as a dish I don't normally get to eat. When our waiter (Cameron) arrived we were all prepared with our choices, and even ordered an appetizer. I ordered the ravioli, even though the vegan menu wasn't presented to us. Someone ordered a steak, and one of our friends ordered the chicken alfredo, with an addition of shrimp as well.  As the waiter took each of our orders, he asked if we wanted a house or ceasar salad. We were excited for our food. About 10 minutes later I received my salad, bread and then a (very unprofessional) tap on the shoulder.  The waiter was there to let me know that the vegan ravioli are not available. But they had a meatless chicken marsala, a meatless chicken bruscetta and a meatless burger. I let him know that I am allergic to dairy, but I do eat meat, so I'd rather see the regular menu, if possible. He kind of just stared at me like I had a few extra heads, and then moved to grab me the menu. When he returned, he hovered while I made my selection. I explained I would like the lemon herb chicken, but I would need it made with oil, and not butter, if that's how it's made. Again the waiter looked at me like I was crazy, so I added, "Please tell the kitchen staff I have a dairy allergy, no worries". And again he stared. And he said "Well you can't have mashed potatoes, no can you." (You see the menu doesn't tell you what the sides are, only that they are pared by a chef). So I told him no, to which he replied "So veggies and pilaf then??". And I said that was fine.Then we waited. More than 45 minutes came and went. No appetizer, no water refills, no checking on us, nothing. Our food arrived and our friend's dish did not have both chicken and shrimp. It had just shrimp. So we explained to the expeditor the issues, and that we never received out appetizer. We explained that we weren't mad, just wanted to make sure that these items were not on our final bill. The expeditor said he'd let our waiter know. A few moments later the waiter showed up with a manager and they apologized for the mix ups, though the waiter did not seem very sincere. We finished our meals and our plates were cleared pretty quickly. The waiter came back and seemed much more sincere. He admitted that he had just plain forgot to input our appetizer. He handed us a desert menu and let us know we could pick one desert on the house. We excitedly started looking over the menu........15 minutes later, we had to flag over the waiter for our check. We let him know, while the offer was nice, we now had to go, so we did not want our free dessert. He insisted that we take it to go. We explained that we could not trust that we would get it quickly, and thus, only wanted our check. A few minutes later the check was dropped on our table. And to my absolutely disappointment, I found our salads for a fee on our check. The waiter never explained that we were paying for salads. We each ordered our entrees and then the waiter asked "House salad or ceasar?" We were led to believe that was part of our meal. So we flagged down a manager. We explained the situation and he stated "The salads have a price on the menu", in a condescending tone. Salads have a price everywhere. That way if that's all you want to eat, you can order that. Such crap. So he stated if we wanted, he'd take the salads off, and walked away. And then, from behind our booth, he handed our check back and said "HERE". And upon inspection, our of the salads remained. We paid it. But only because we'd had enough.We didn't tip. We don't even feel bad about it.
5	Really good food all around great sourdough bread best outside of San Francisco love the buttermilk sage fried chicken and French onion soup
5	What a great way to end a trip to Vegas. A group of 8 popped in for a quick bite before we left to go back home. When we walked in I thought we were in over our heads as we were in a hurry. The wood work & well dressed staff gave the appearance of upscale dining and the food confirmed that opinion but the prices did not. Yummy food, profession & friendly staff at affordable prices. All 8 of us really enjoyed our meal. The easily accommodated our time crunch without a rushed feel. Truly a gem of a find. Parmesan Truffle fries are a must.
5	Triple George Grill is a Gem.  A block and a half off Freemont Street.  Great food, happy hour and staff.        It's a must for me every time I'm in Town. We always ask for Brian to be our waiter.  Enjoy!
2	Went to Triple George with a party 7 for lunch. A waiter (not ours) brought over an ice tea and said he had an extra one does, would anyone like it. So i said, sure i'll take it. And he goes "just to be clear, its not free, we would have to charge you for it, but i wanted to see if you wanted it before i dumped it out." Um...if you are planning to dump it out anyway, why not just let us have it??? Weirdly enough, two other friends of mine said that exact same thing happened to them at this restaurant. I won't be eating here again. The food was just eh, but I can't overlook the "either you pay for it or we dispose of it" bad customer service. So so tacky.
4	I dined at the Triple George with a friend from out of town. I wanted to try someplace different and crossed my fingers that the food and service would live up to the reviews.  We were both very happy with our meals.   I had the Petite Filet Mignon and she had the fish special that night.  The price was good and  we liked the old feel of the restaurant.  It was a little loud even though we were sitting in one of the booths, but overall I would definitely eat there again.
4	Delicious caprese salad and bruschetta.  Large happy hour oration of bruschetta too.  Fabulous service from Marti the bartender.  Very cool and clean inside.  Not cheap but you do get a little break on some drinks and food during happy hour which ends at 7 pm.  Good spot.
5	Great atmosphere - awesome steaks - friendly staff - I'm a regular for sure.
2	Cocktails were amazing! Food was average and the service was SLOW! I would go back for the melon cocktail and fair prices, but nothing special.
5	My family and I take a Vegas trip every year and hands down our favorite restaurant to eat is Triple George. We have tried the steaks, seafood, pot roast, and pot pie and all of them are fantastic. We love the ambiance and the old time feel it gives you but still has that elegant feel as well. You won't leave this place hungry or disappointed. Best place to go for lunch or dinner in Downtown Vegas. Can't wait til we go back again next year...
5	Great food, great server, great restaurant. One of the best experiences while travelling in the US (I am European).
3	Two trips, and two completely different experiences. One trip had great food (An excellent tomahawk steak, and fantastic calamari) and great service. The second trip, during the work week, had slow service, an under seasoned steak, and my wife's fish was slightly burn't on the skin side, and undercooked on the top side. I'll give them another try, but they are hit and miss so far.
5	I got the chicken christopher, it was pretty good. My girlfriend got the salmon and she really liked it. we are not easy to please so believe the hype. Vegetables were ok but perfect if you like them cooked without removing any nutrients. Go here
5	This place is legit! Cameron took excellent care of us tonight. Great service, cozy atmosphere and best of all... Amazing food! Worth every penny!! Salmon was fresh and cooked perfectly! Be sure to check out this hidden gem!
2	We made reservations as it was our anniversary. We arrived a little early for happy hour. We had a drink and the goat cheese (which was very good and generous size).At our reservation time I informed the hostess that we were ready to be seated. She takes us to a booth in the bar! We were both dressed up and I was very upset that she did not consider us "dining room worthy."   When I refused the table she then seated us in the dining room.  We are an older couple and wanted some privacy and quiet. The food was just average. It was a bad experience for us. I would not recommend.
5	Triple George became a fast favorite & I'm a repeat offender. Management or whoever does the staffing should win a Nobel Peace Prize. Every single person we've ever come into contact with is sincere, personable & seems to enjoy their job. Bread: I die. Butter: still dead. Crab cakes: the best. Steak: high-5. Chicken Christopher: a must. But the most ultimate, indulgent delight of all: bread pudding. If I had the financial means to hire a personal trainer & eat there once a week, I would. Valet at the Downtown Grand, walk in the valet doors, walk straight to the back doors which put you in front of the restaurant.
4	Ordered the "regular" ribeye and was not disappointed.  Perfect medium rare, house veggies were cooked beautifully (I like a slight crunch).  Not cheap with the booze for their well crafted martins.
4	Excellent martinis.  Service was good and friendly.  My fish was a bit overcooked but my friend's steak was perfect.
3	I was here memorial day. Loved the decor. The wait staff were friendly and efficient. The bread they bring is warm, fresh and delicious. We tried the Buffalo wings and they were great. We also tried the Chicken Parmesan and Pot roast. The portion sizes are generous but the food is just OK. The price is average. I would go back again but not make a special trip to get there
5	I love this place. The last two times my husband and I were in Vegas, we stayed in the Downtown area. A good friend working on the strip recommended this restaurant. A block away from the Fremont Street Experience, you get away from the crowds to enjoy great food, atmosphere and fun. The first time we went in August, the managers noticed we were new and introduced themselves. I was under the impression the restaurant itself was new as this is a tactic you see when new places open. Not the case here. Triple George has been around awhile and the managers always try to notice who walks in the door! As self-proclaimed fanatics and my own twenty plus years in the biz, we love sitting near the kitchen to get the feel of the place, see the flow, enjoy the way the restaurant and staff make the flow happen for all the guests. I was certainly NOT disappointed. From our vantage point, we could see into the kitchen, around the large bar/ lounger area and into the dining area. We were treated to an entire evening of attentive service, excellent cocktails, fabulous food, near perfect timing, and the joy of watching truly seasoned staff in their element of harmony & flow through out. We started off the evening with martinis - shaken to the point of the ice chips floating on top and made to our specs - barely a hint of vermouth and for me the slightest bit dirty. Not being a huge martini drinker, this was very good and very well done. We chose the goat cheese/ marinara appetizer. This was very tasty and the accompanied bread was toasted nicely. The only complaint on this I would have is it is really too big for just two people. The goat cheese was warmed just enough to spread onto the bread. We could have had this as our dinner. Each of us had salads. Being a bay area organics snob, I am always leery of the freshness of produce in other parts of the country. Here I was not disappointed. Each salad - iceberg wedge and Cesar, were fresh and crisp, definitely not day old produce here! Bacon bits on the iceberg wedge were not processed but made in house as was the blue cheese dressing - not heavy creamy, but complimented the blue cheese in the dressing. The dressing for the cesar was also fresh made in house - not overly salty as I find many to be. The main dishes were great - rack of lamb and the special of the evening. I cannot remember the exact name of the special from back in August. If I do I will certainly update. The temperature on the rack of lamb was perfect - medium rare. The cut was definitely high quality as the flavor was excellent with no gamieness to it at all. The accompanying potato and vegetables were very tasty and not over seasoned at all. The special of the evening was a stew of three meats - lamb shank, beef, and pork. The stew was a coq au vin style with onions, carrots, potatoes and mushrooms in a dark wine sauce/ stew. The meats fell off the bones and were so tender and delicious! Again, huge portions of food but very tasty.I will always make it a point to go to this place when we are in Vegas!
5	Delicious! Meat lovers and vegetarians will all like Triple George. There is a pretty wide selection of fair for the size of the menu. Everything is cooked and seasoned just right. Clearly, someone in the kitchen knows what they are doing. The onion soup is perfect and the blackberry martini is fun. The service can be on the slower side, but I don't think that most people go there for a quick meal. I like how it is classy / casual, meaning that you can dress up a bit, but don't have to go all out. I will certainly be back and bring friends with me.
5	After getting our fill of crime and punishment at the Mob Museum, we discovered the Triple George Grill on our walk to Fremont Street, and stopped in. The place impressed. The bar in the main room looked like it had stools for 60, stretching nearly the length of the room. On one side were old fashioned booths, partially enclosed within wood paneled walls and somewhat private,  The open kitchen was at the far end of the room. There were two adjacent rooms as well, we checked out both of them, requesting booth seating. We were offered water choices immediately, along with menus. Our drink order was taken by a waiter who turned out to have been born in the same city in the Mid West as both my wife and myself. We ordered the oysters as an appetizer, which were served on a bed if ice, with both cocktail sauce and mignonette and some very hot horseradish which really had a solid kick. The lemon was in a yellow wrap with a green tie, a major sign to me that we were dealing with a chef who did not slavishly follow modern trends for the sake of blind obedience. Fresh, clean, and a bit of a cucumber like in flavor, these Vancover oysters stood out. This was like sitting seaside in Seattle where oysters are a big thing. Our actual server was Becky, who helped direct us to our main selections. The problem was, for me at least, that I could have ordered almost everything on the list. I am part traditionalist and part experimentalist. So things like onion soup, pot roast, fried chicken, Dover sole and the like have a deep appeal. Being a vegetarian my wife asked if there were any things for her. Promptly the special menu for vegetarians was produced. So we both had serious choices. Nice. I would not feel so bad indulging in old favorites while my wife dined on lettuce and pasta p.v. I ordered the pot roast and loved it. What stood out was how the dish came together with Al Dante green beans and baby carrots, smooth and seasoned mashers, and savory, tender and ample beef over a dark, pure gravy. We also shared a wedge, split by staff. Crisp and dressed with blue cheese. Sometimes I can resist dessert, but not here. The bread pudding turned out to be a round shaped pudding over a jd carmel sauce with whipped cream and very fresh blackberries. It was enough for two. Btw, the vegetarian sandwich was also delightful, and mostly saved for a late night snack. I must mention the Sierra Nevada ale was on tap and superb. Weighing everything, this was a great experience, and a lot less expensive than hotel dining. For example, our bread pudding dessert, ample for two, was $4.95, which makes it the bargain of the century in Vegas 2014. I will be back. The service was second to none. So was the food.
2	Although our server was very nice, the overall service was inadequate. The staff was not knowledgable about the food, and even after we had an issue and the server offered to get a manager, the manager never  came by. They comped the problem food but couldn't be bothered to stop in and ask what our issue was. Even though I am a local bringing in a guest. The drinks are good, ambiance was nice but overall I would not recommend it.
4	Great atmosphere. Unique menu! CJ was our waiter and he was fantastic. Extremely knowledgable about the entrees and has good suggestions for our dining group. Triple George is truly another business that is aiding in the revival of downtown! Kudos to the entire staff, the Mahi Mahi was OUT OF THIS WORLD!
4	I'm a big Vegas person and like to know all the ins and outs of the city. Last trip I stayed downtown and my boyfriend and I did our "nice" dinner at Triple George Grill, which is right off of Freemont and across the street from the Downtown Ground. The food was very good, all reasonably priced. The service was TERRIFIC. The espresso martini was excellent as well. Definitely the place to have your nice dinner out if you are staying downtown.
4	Triple George Shrimp is delicious and their oysters are the best.  Power lunch place w/nice private booths.  Bar menu is gr8.  Service is overall good but some bumps when busy.  Menu is varied w/gr8 beef and fish selections and well-made pasta dishes, soups and salads.  Need reservations on weekends.  Parking can be tricky.  Gr8 ambience.
5	Came here for a double date with friends this past Friday night. Our server was very sweet and funny! (He was flirting!) you got point! He suggested for me and my girl friend to try out there best seller Blackberry martini while we waited for our dates. The martini was so smooth you couldn't taste any alcohol :) I ordered the grilled vegetable plate (zucchini, mushroom, eggplant, asparagus and broccoli) oh soo good! Best vegan plate! I love the triple George! Try the chocolate indulgence cake for dessert you won't be let down!
4	At here recently for dinner.  Had the Crab stuffed shrimp, and it was really good.  Waiter was fun and played along with our group humor but had a good sense of the right amount of participation.All in our group were very pleased with the food.  Two had the drunken hanger steak and were very happy with it.If you want a upper scale dinner in the Fremont St area, this one is a good choice.In my world this is closer to $$$ then $$, but as I have said before, in my world the break between $$ and $$$ would be lower, and I might even add a $$$$$ rating.
5	We came by for an early dinner after seeing a matinee at the Smith Center. It was not crowded. They did have a table waiting for us. We had requested a booth. The first booth that they offered to us had a cracked vinyl seat so we requested a different table. The second booth was perfect. I strongly recommend sitting in a booth rather than a table when you  eat here. The booths have high wooden walls that allow complete privacy and the sense of intimacy. Our server came by almost immediately to take our drink orders and to explain the specials for the night. My wife and I decided to share the chopped salad and the drunken steak. The chopped salad, even when shared, was huge and difficult to finish despite it being delicious. The drunken steak did not appear to be huge especially since it was shared. It turns out that appearances were deceiving. The steak was more than ample to the two of us. It was cooked to perfection exactly as we had ordered. This is a terrific place to eat either before or after going to the Smith Center. Excellent food, service, and ambience.
5	Outstanding food and services. Prices very reasonable!If you visit Freemont downtown Las Vegas this is the place where it is worthy to dine!We were a party of 12. Everybody was impressed!
3	For a weeknight, the restaurant was fairly busy, but we were seated quickly. The atmosphere is great, and the drinks were good. We ordered the goat cheese appetizer, calamari, and french fries. The calamari was chewy and overcooked, the sauces were just standard marinara and didn't taste homemade, and the goat cheese was average. The highlight was the french fries. For the main course we ordered a chicken dish, a small fillet, and the ahi tuna. For a high-end restaurant there were several problems that we encountered with our meal.  The sides on our dishes all came cold or lukewarm at best. The ahi tuna was low-grade meat, and very tough.  The fillet was good, and the chicken dish was tasty. When we told the waiter about the tuna, he just apologized but did nothing else.  We did not order dessert and left.  The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable, but it didn't make up for the less-than-great food.
2	This place used to be really good, but my last two experiences have really changed my opinion of Triple George. First-timers, note that their website does not accurately reflect prices of their menu items - we noticed price variations from $5-6 for less expensive items all the way up to $14-15 on steaks and some seafood this time around.First, they appear to have gotten rid of their valet (again, website still features it), meaning your options, as far as I can tell, are to park in the Downtown Grand valet and walk a block (fine, as long as the valet isn't full, as it was during the first of these bad visits) or try your luck at one of the various garages around downtown. For the mid-to-upper class dining experience, definitely not the best. The valet needs to come back.Second, the service has gotten worse and worse with each visit. We frequently come to Triple George before catching a show at the Smith Center, and normally this is not a problem. They even used to have special Smith Center-themed menus (these haven't been around the last few times) and were on top of their game to get you out the door in time for a show. For our most recent visit, we told them (as we usually do) that we had a show at 7:30. Still, we nearly missed seeing The Book of Mormon, despite arriving at Triple George nearly two hours before showtime. The reason? The food came out over an hour after ordering. And it was nothing special - a steak, chicken saltimbocca, salmon, and roasted chicken, all of which had to be eaten in about 10 minutes to make up for the time lost. That is unacceptable. The food? I've had better. The steaks are priced relatively well respective to other Las Vegas steak places, though that's still overpriced. Steaks are just okay - a little thin in my opinion, so they end up a little overcooked (I order rare to get medium rare) - but they have a decent variety. Taste is just average. The chicken/pasta options are really bland. They have pretty decent drink options if that's your thing (I stuck with a beer). At least at some of the other steakhouses around the city you tend to lose the shorts/t-shirt crowd, but not here. I mean, that's downtown (it's sandwiched between a pizza place and the Hogs and Heifers biker bar), but that just isn't what I am looking for. I haven't been here for lunch (I've heard it's good), so I can't comment on that.
5	We attended your "George for a day". What a blast!!! We totally enjoyed our experience. It was so much fun and very informative. Your guest host from Southern Wine and Spirits was a hoot. She was very knowledgeable and was able to answer all our questions. The food was great too. The best part was the overwhelming hospitality from the entire staff. Hope you guys do this again. In fact, I'd come back for dinner in the near future.  Keep up the good work!
5	This restaurant is really nice. We were "George for a day" this past Father's day and it was awesome. They thought us how to make drinks and served us a really delicious four course dinner. If you're ever around Fremont street and you want good food and a classy atmosphere than this is the place for you.
4	We went here for dinner on our anniversary.  My husband had the filet and it was very tender and flavorful.  I had the crab stuffed shrimp.  They were very good.  Both came with delicious mashed potatoes and beautiful, colorful veggies.  The ambiance was very warm and romantic.
5	Really good food. Fat kid happy :) would recommend to anyone visiting vegas you have to try this place. Good wine too.
5	I've eaten here three times now and I have to say it is one of the best restaurants.  The food is top notch.  I've had the Pot Roast and the Grilled Chicken Cobb Salad and both were great, and good sized portions.  And the servers are all very good, very nice, and very attentive.  With all of the high-priced quality restaurants here in Vegas, Triple George Grill is definitely as good as it gets for the price.  Highly recommended.
4	Great place! We had John as a server and he couldn't have been any nicer. He explained the menu and suggested some of his favorite dishes. I got the fried chicken, my friend got the French dip (she said it was the best ever) and my  husband got a soup and salad. We loved everything including the chilled Stella glasses which made the Stella cold and refreshing. Loved it!
5	Great service, great food! Appetizer was amazing (Baked Goat Cheese and Marinara).  The steaks we ordered were cooked perfectly and our server Brian was attentive to our dining needs.  Great place, glad I found it!
5	Hands down the best place we ate at in Vegas.  Very knowledgeable and friendly waitstaff.  The food was excellent.  I highly recommend the Shrimp George.
3	Went to dinner here on a Tuesday night. I'm gluten free (not by choice) and our server was really great about going through my options. He was also great about checking back with us and asking us how everything was without being too present. I think his name was Ryan? Definitely a great server. The seating is pretty awesome too, especially if you're on a date. They have semi-enclosed booths that are great for a more private dining experience. The food was pretty good. We got the NY strip and the Cioppino. For the price I expected the Cioppino to have a little more shellfish and not so many onions and peppers. The steak had great flavor and was cooked as ordered. The only thing we weren't crazy about was the bartender. I myself can be quite a loud talker but the restaurant was very quiet and she was talking to her two guests at the bar so loudly that it ruined the experience for us. The bar isn't far from the tables but the whole dinner we got to hear about her allergies and how she loves to drink and how she doesn't fit in with the people in Austin. I've been in the service industry for over 15 years and I completely understand connecting to and having a conversation with your guest. And to her credit she was friendly but her speaking voice was so ridiculously loud we could barely have our own conversation. We actually rushed through our meal just so we could get out of there! The last thing I want to hear about when I'm eating dinner is how sick you got the last time your allergies flared up. There's a fine line between outgoing and obnoxious. If we went back we'd be sure to sit further away from the bar. Overall decent food and good service.
3	Good..not great ..good service..average food..salmon salad was  lettuce with a few pieces of salmon...disappointing ...bread putting desert was very good..cool atmosphere..but you can't eat atmosphere!!...a one and done with all the options out there!!!
3	Delicious food. This place has open for 9 years, I have been staying in Downtown Vegas for years and did not know this place existed.
4	Had an excellent birthday dinner with the family on Saturday here at Triple George!  I ordered the grilled swordfish special, served on wild rice with glazed snap peas and it was amazing--tasty, moist and flaky!  The only "complaint" is that they did not have a spicy vodka like Peppar and the clam chowder tasted too "smoky".  Otherwise, loved the service, loved the atmosphere and loved that it is Downtown!
5	I really like this place.  Very classy with lots of nice wood paneling and a huge wooden bar.  Mom and the boy both enjoyed their perfectly cooked steaks.  I ordered the Pot Roast and it was melt in your mouth tender and the mashed potatoes were the BEST I've ever had!  The service was great, our waiter was very attentive.  Our drinks never went unfilled and they cleared the table as we finished with our plates (something I truly appreciate).The only downside was that they have TVs in the dining room, which I hate.
4	Located near Fremont, this is a great place to enjoy a meal.If you happen to be wandering off of Fremont, you'll find Triple George next to Pizza Rock.  You walk into a huge bar area.  Plenty of seats in this front area. It's very clean and the hostess was friendly.We were dining there for lunch and she gave us a table in the back.  The back dining area seems like a completely different place.  It has a darker and more intimate feel.  There are tv screens in the wall for some entertainment.   Justin was our waiter and was a delight.  We had great service throughout our meal which made me very happy.   I decided on George's Club with fries.   This sandwich is huge and could only finish half.   It was actually piled too high for me to get my mouth around it.  Fries were crispy and delicious.  I would have no problems coming back here when in the downtown area.   Thanks for a great lunch!
4	My family and I were in Las Vegas for a week.  We had gone to Fremont Street and planned a late dinner at Triple George.  After a week of seeking out great places to eat, Triple George Grill was easily our favorite restaurant of the trip.  The drinks were smooth and tasty.  Each of us ordered something different from the menu, and all of them were delicious.  The filet and fried chicken were our favorites, but the shrimp and scallops pasta dish and the pot roast were very good.  We sat in the private booths in the bar area, and while that prevented people watching, it allowed us to focus on each other without loud noise or distraction.  Andrew took great care of us, and the staff seemed to work together to provide an excellent dining experience.  We will definitely make it a point to dine there again the next time we are in town.
5	I was in the mood for chicken Alfredo with sun dried tomatoes. It wasn't on the menu, but when I asked if they could make it the response was "we can make you anything you want"... it came out great. My wife had the fried chicken, which was also great.
5	Stopped by the other night for the first time .  Can't believe I just found this place .... Food was great , prices were more than reasonable and our bartender Justin was awesome ! Will definitely be back with friends !
2	Triple George has all the makings to be a hide away restaurant for those in the know. Unfortunately the food is just acceptable. Yes, the steak is good and the price is right but after that everything else reminds me of south of the boarder. Shrimp Scampi with tomato sauce? Spinach and oil with the garlic from a jar! The bar staff is efficient, courteous and is probably the best thing about this place. It really needs a good manager.
4	Just visited yesterday, and was impressed like always.  I've been coming here for years, it's a great power lunch place, and the food is top notch. The atmosphere is really nice and calm in the afternoon, but noisy at night.  It has a nice old school kind of feel to it.  The Best Things:- Pot roast- Spinach artichoke dip- Oysters (omg)- Shrimp George- French onion soup (which is dinner only now for some reason??)-Special menus to match Smith Center shows.  They did a Shrek themed menu in 2012 that was fantastic and fun. Not My Favorite:- Seasonal side vegetables are never cooked enough and are tough-Fish and Chips- can't really put my finger on it, but fish didn't seem cooked all the way through)- No more valet parking, now you have to park in the Grand's garage, although TG does validate.
4	I give T3 4 stars for good food, atmosphere, and most of all affordability in Las Vegas (for someone other than a local). Probably because it's in Downtown where all the freaks come out to play... I actually felt normal here. The Porcini Ribeye was a bit fatty for my liking but had good flavor. My boyfriend had the Cioppino which was average, but not bad since you get lots of seafood. We would probably come back.
4	The Triple George is a hidden Vegas gem. Many legal staff from the downtown work crowd swear by this place, including myself.A 40's style bar/pub is a change in scenery from the normal "gourmet" type of eateries we see. Black and white photos on the walls solidify the 40's feel.I order the fish and chips. It's good, legit fish and chips - think English or Irish pub. The dill sauce with the chips is pretty amazing and the malt vinegar they provide is spot-on.   Club sandwich and any burger (pick one) are also delicious, or ask the staff for specials or their own personal favorites. The service is wonderful, and even the bar keeps are on their toes waiting for your requests. Service is prompt and friendly, and the good prices are fair for the portions. I can guarantee that if you like pub fare, you will not be disappointed here.
4	Nice restaurant located downtown, basically down a back street/alley.  The atmosphere was old school, with a large bar area and very secluded booths.  This created a bit of a problem, as we had 5 people and they stuck a chair at the end of our table, basically preventing the servers from getting to the table without effort.  The apps, salads and onion soup were excellent.  My adult son enjoyed the seafood cioppino, the wife liked the ravioli and the chicken parm was nice.  The Shrimp George was a bit dry and the "spicy" shrimp and scallop linguine was not spicy at all.  Service was very good.
5	One of the top 10 dinners of my/our lives.  The sea bass special was beyond amazing.  Our waiter, Cameron, has cultivated an old school waiter look AND was on top of his game.  I wish we lived closer.  We will make sure to go again next trip.
4	Finally stumbled on in and honestly, I enjoyed it!Sat at the bar, which is INCREDIBLY LONG, in order to enjoy the 4-7 p.m. happy hour.Seriously, the bar fills the entire room.  But, I digress...Ordered the $5 calamari happy hour special, $5 "American Mule" and wedge salad.First of all, the calamari is a great deal.  You get it in a big 'ole cone with two dipping sauces.  One is cocktail, the other tasted like something tartar-y, but better.  The breading was perfect, not too heavy, well spiced, and crispy.  The portion was really generous too for a $5 special.  I would totally order this again.The wedge salad, also good, was a good find.  I generally order a wedge wherever and whenever I can find it.  But, I have to agree with other reviewers, no bacon is WEIRD.  I feel like Triple George Grill is intentionally messing with everyone when they present a lovely wedge but NO bacon.  Shenanigans.The "American Mule" was tasty but not strong at all.  I appreciated that it was served in the traditional copper mug but I'd order a regular price drink next time in order to actually get some alcohol.Overall, good service, good food, world's longest bar, all good.
4	Awesome staff. Very friendly. Great taste on the food. Might want to expand with the menu for I find it limited. Big portions with their servings. A must place to visit if you have the urge for steak while staying in downtown Vegas..
5	This place was a little intimidating at first. But our server Cameron was great. . He loosened us up. . Great service, good food. . When we come back to Vegas we will come back!
1	What should have been a one hour dining experience at most ended up being a two and a half hour nightmare. Calamari was burnt breadcrumbs and some actual calamari. Food was good quality but horrible tasting. Not to mention the fact that it took an hour and a half to order and cook, only to be served cold. After sending it back, we received it hot after two hours of waiting. We had a show to catch so we asked for to go boxes. The food was taken to the back.... And promptly thrown away. Management apologized and took half off the check and offered to go dessert. Dessert was ice cream. I would NEVER recommend or return, which is unfortunate to the rest of the great food locations in DTLV.
4	BF and I went to Triple George last Saturday without a reservation.  Place was very busy, but we were seated quickly.  We were acknowledged by wait staff immediately, and brought water and bread.  We ordered Kir Royales, and our server had no idea what they were, which was surprising.  I have had them before in TG.  But fortunately bartender knew what he was doing.  We shared steamed clams for appetizer (broth was to die for), shared a caprese salad (didn't have enough balsamic or basil for my taste, but tomatoes were ripe, big and delicious).  BF had the porcini crusted ribeye and baked potato.  Both were HUGE, and he ate as much as he could.  Almost finished the steak and some of the potato, and he is usually a big eater.  But he thought the steak was delicious. I had Dover sole with mashed potatoes.  The sole was a whole fish (small) and was deboned and filleted at the table.  Delicious and the potatoes were perfect.  Too full for dessert.  We told the waiter that we wanted the service to be leisurely, so while he checked on us regularly, didn't put in each course order until we said we were ready.  Service by CJ was terrific, altho he started off a little stand-offish, but we were old friends by the time we left.  Another great evening at Triple George.
4	Sehr gut gegessen, Portionen sind amerikanisch, kaum wegzuessen..Bedienung sehr freundlich - direkt am Downtown-Strip, ideal zum Abendessen vor der Light show in der Fremont Street..Kann man durchaus weiterempfehlen!
5	The food here is excellent! They have a nice happy hour also with nicely priced appetizers. I got the goat cheese appetizer and it was only $5. The atmosphere reminds me of a 1930's bar, with old black and white photos and the bar tenders dressed in vests.  The staff is very nice and attentive. Definitely a place to return to!
5	My friends and I went to Triple George for a birthday dinner. Our experience was AMAZING as always. It was my friends first time at the restaurant, and they absolutely loved it! The service was great. Brenda did a wonderful job of making sure everything was perfect for us! Thanks to all the staff for being so wonderful!
5	Yelpers were right, thanks again.  Total hidden gem off Fremont Street.  Our Server was Brenda and she was just as pleasant as a peach!  Very attentive to our drinks and service.  We both ordered the filet mignon and it melted in our mouths!  I also enjoyed the fresh veggies that came with it, they were not mushy and they were seasoned and flavored deliciously.The place is set up really classy looking.  Old (well maintained) wood trim every where with black and white photos on the walls.  We aren't big drinkers, but I image this place being a great place to crack a bottle of wine.  It just had that "hang out, drink, eat great food with a great vibe" kinda feel to it.
5	My mom would hate me if I said this, but it's the best pot roast I've had in my life! Very nice atmosphere, classy downtown Vegas style. Will come back here often! Great for groups or dates. Full bar has every cocktail you can think of!
4	Last night my party and I had reservations at Triple George.  We had a party of five.  They sat us in a booth made for four and put a chair at the end of the table.  It was too tight and awkward.  We asked for a manager.  Within a minute he was at our table.  We complained about the size of the group and the table we were sitting at.  He listened and offered to make sure we were at a table that we desired.  It was not another three minutes that he personally led us to a new table.  He was apologetic and really made sure we felt comfortable the rest of the night. Our food was good and we were out quickly ready to see a show.  We were very pleased how they quickly managed the issues and made sure the guests were happy.
5	My husband and I celebrated our birthday dinner at Triple tonight. As always the staff and food were spot on. A true gem hidden behind the Fremont experience. A must visit if your looking for good food, fine dining at reasonable prices and a great customer service experience. Please don't change a thing!
5	Lily Barajas is an awesome manager!! Just remember it takes time for the great food!!
1	Good location,  nice place, but food is terrible. We are disapointed to Chicken Parm and crab cake. Don't recommend and will never come back.
2	Ordered the special steak, My special customer ate 25%- too rough. Tuna was over cooked. Bartender put tonic in a gin martini. Waiter was very casual and called us dude. For $140 before tip, I will bring my business elsewhere.Very disappointing. No wonder it was 25% occupied.
5	Hands down the best steak I've ever had. Fabulous atmosphere like walking straight back into an era of class and elegance. An experience worth paying for..
4	Brian was our server. He knew the dishes and was very friendly. I am a hot wing snob and theirs came out great!!! My pops ordered the shrimp cocktail and enjoyed the plump shrimp. Dinner plates - mushroom crusted ribeye --- from a big time steak lover  and his comments were best of its kind. Pops got fish n chips were delightful and fresh----- cooked to perfection.  Chicken with white gravy sauce was good. The portions are pretty big.
5	Porcini ribeye was excellent!  I'm normally a purest when it comes to steaks, but their seasoning rub was terrific!  Calamari was among the best I've had. Good martini's too!  Waiter was excellent!  Bus boy who brought us food and cleared the table was excellent!   Oddly enough, it was the maitre d who did not give us a warm welcome when we first arrived. Bathe rest of the experience was just excellent!
2	Excellent goat cheese appetizer.  And the bread was delicious.  Also had the wedge salad.  Again, very good.  But the chicken saltimbocca was 2 star at best.  Heavy salt and pepper.  The chicken pot pie was very rich and also very peppery. Service was 5  star
4	Service: very nice (I did come in a bit early around 530 so beat the rush and it was Wednesday but overall happy with service during my time hereThey have a large long bar area as well as a separate dining area. It can get a bit loud but it wasn't too badOk to the food. First warm bread with butter.  Great. And thank you for bringing it warm because places can often overlook this. Got a petite filet minion ($26) and was great. Some might think a bit salty but I enjoyed it. Mashed potatoes were great too.  Also got a Cesar salad. Yes I know....why!?!? Well I wasCraving it and now I can tell you all not to get it. Yes yes was not worth it and not a good salad. (Sides I think are around $7)Overall great place. If you happen to be in downtown Vegas, worth a trip out :)
3	First of all, our server Justin was great. Very attentive and professional. 5/5.I got the steak sandwich- the flavor was good but not great, however, a large portion (25%) of the steak inside the bun was inedible gristle and fat which should have been trimmed off before cooking. 2/5 for the steak sandwich.My companions both got steaks- they said they were tasty but not outstanding. 4/5We got 2 appetizers- Ahi and Pretzel bites.  The Ahi was superb (5/5)- probably the best part of the meal.  The pretzel bites were a 4/5- liked the sauces that came with them. Took them with me in a takeout box- reheated them later that day however, they were not very appealing when reheated.The salads were not very good- we attributed that mostly to the dressing.  We ate some of the salads because we needed green vegetables, but had our consciences not been screaming at us to "eat your vegetables!"  I doubt we would have eaten more than a bite or two. 2/5 for the salads.Nice atmosphere to the place though.Thanks for the opportunity to comment.
5	Exceptional place for a fabulous lunch and service!!  I had the power lunch and it was a ton of satisfying food!! Service was exceptional! Sit at the bar, and hope that you have Melinda serve you! She took care of us and actually carried in a great conversation with us while we sat. Live this place and will definitely be back when we are in town!!
2	Foods not amazing or close to Tadich Grill in SF that they claim they are created after. Been to taditch, while Triple George Grill looks the same the food is not the same. It wasnt good especially for the price. The Fish and Chips were not fully cooked when they came. The chicken parm was fine but I can make better at home. I didnt need to eat this out. Calamari was very good, fresh, hot and crispy. Wedge salad was decent, good blue cheese, nice fresh tomatoes, would have been nicer if they took off the first leaf of wilted lettuce (not a big deal). Mushroom pasta was good, Id order that again. But do note on the pasta sauce that it is a bit sweet and has sun dried tomatoes, not sure if the menue states this or not. The service was slow, friendly but slow. We went on a Sunday night it shouldnt have been an issue. I had to keep getting up to get fresh pepper from the pepper mill on the shelf above my table because the waiter didnt do it when salads or good came. That was kinda annoying for the type of restaurant.With all the other great places to eat in Vegas, I wouldnt come back.
5	Everyone at our table had the porcini ribeye. It was delicious, we were all starving from a full day of Vegas, and none of us could clean the plate. You have to appreciate a high class steak house that isn't afraid to give you a huge steak for  a reasonable price just because Gordon Ramsey charges three times as much for half the food in his fancy spot on the strip. Wait staff was attentive and knowledgable. Bartender knew what he was doing, as well. Now that I know about this spot, I might just eat here every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Our party of 8 made reservations- and our table was ready !We all ordered different items from menu- lobster bisque was so rich and creamy- yumThe reviews from those who had  the Pork chop was  off the charts , along with the rib eye steak and pot roast-Our entire party enjoyed everything about our meal and time spent at Tripe George- We loved that is just outside the door from our Hotel- The Grand- We shall return !
3	A group of my tennis friends and I were in town for a tournament and this place was recommended to us by some other tennis players. We went on a Saturday night at 7 and only had to wait about 20 min for a table for 6, our waitress was very friendly when she first greeted us and took our orders and then she pretty much disappeared and over an hour later we still had no food and had not seen her, we finally flagged her down to ask where our food was and she said something about the kitchen loosing our ticket but that it had been taken care of and should be out shortly. About 20 min later we got our food. I ordered the house salad which was a little over dressed but good and the pot roast with veggies and mashes potatoes which were delicious. One of my teammates got the pork chop with apple glaze that she really enjoyed. Another got the cobb salad which she said was very good, another got the mushroom and sun dried tomato ravioli which was just ok, and the final two split a steak which they said was good. Our waitress came with out checks and got them wrong as we were splitting but since we had been there for almost three hours we were ready to get out of there and just took care of figuring it out amongst ourselves, however she did bring us the incorrect change- one of us was short by $10- but after flagging her down again she corrected the situation. Over all the food was good, service was ok but the fact it took so long to get our food we probably would not go back again.
5	Absolutely the best meal we had while staying on Fremont Street!  Everything from the bread to the main courses were expertly prepared and served by our awesome waiter Andrew!  Steaks were rare as ordered, tender and delicious and my spicy pasta with scallops and shrimp was absolutely amazing!  Thanks from your Oregon friends!!
5	Staff here is amazing! We had one waitress(a mature blond woman) and few gentlemen who were all attentive. Our food came out in perfect timing (first bread, then appetizers, main course,  and drinks were constantly filed)We shared a calamari, I had the petit filet minion,  and my sister had the apple glazed pork chop.  I absolutely love read meat,  and it could not have came out more juicy or perfect(no steak sauce needed).  The prices here were great,  I'm sure our bill was under $75
5	Great downtown experience! Food is top shelf and service was great. Live music while eating outside in the sum. Waiter was attentive without being obnoxious. The steak I had was perfect and the lobster bisque was heaven. Wife had the stuffed shrimp and it was delish!  If your doing Freemont this is where to go for dinner!
3	Trying something that's not one of your usual go-to's at a restaurant is akin to agreeing to go on a blind date.  As a precursor to the date (ordering), your friend (the menu) tries to play up your potential mate (the dish) in the best light possible.  You'll hear things that sound too good to be true, like you're about to meet someone (eat something) who's a doctor during the week and saves dolphins on the weekend or a Victoria's Secret model who's looking for that special someone to blow her trust fund on (crab-stuffed shrimp).  The supporting highlights continue to roll in, things such as an impeccable fashion sense (chef's fresh vegetable selection) or their amazing sense of humor (lemon butter sauce).After committing to the date (the dish), there's still that twinge of buyer's remorse as you question whether deviating from the norm was the right decision (the shrimp) or if you should have just relegated yourself to your usual Friday night agenda -- couch-ridden, half-watching some horrible movie on USA and wondering whether the bottle of Charles Shaw or the tub of Haagen Dazs will reveal a view of its bottom first (the petite filet).But, a glimmer of hope presents itself.  In the time leading up to your date (entree) you happen to meet one or two other folks that run in the same circle of friends (the bread, a Ketel One martini) and they seem nearly perfect so you're feeling a lot better about the upcoming fate facing your heart (stomach).  The wait also allows time to conjure up images of your dolphin-riding, lingerie model fantasy date (jumbo sauteed prawns overstuffed with fresh, lump crab meat).Finally, the day (meal) arrives.  Your date (entree) shows up and...total dud (total dud).  The doctor is a nurse's assistant who saves dolphins by not eating tuna; and the model? she's helping introduce VS's new line of Spanx muumuu undergarments (5 large shrimp that may or may not have had some crab hidden within the heavy breading atop a pool of white cream).  You try your best to find the silver lining, like the security of being with someone that will be able to change out your bedpan as your life nears its expiration date or being able to [honestly] say that you're dating a model (the vegetables were good), but disappointment still lingers heavily at the table.I'm not one of those Yelpers who typically bemoans not having the ability to leave half star reviews, but in this case I'll make an exception.  It was better than A-OK, but not quite a Yay! 3.5 for great service, drinks and bread/butter. ---Cliff Notes Version:  One star for each George.  Looking forward to attending the reopening of Quintuple George.
1	Pro:   It's near the Smith Center, which was the reason that we dined there... and the only reason to give it a star.Con:  Service was odd... Staff is not trained properly.  My soup and my partner's salad were not served together and I had to catch the server to get the salad to the table so we could both have a course together.   Beefsteak tomato salad was cold tasteless tomato slices with bad dressing over a soggy piece of lettuce (are you kidding me?).  As for the entree, She advised me that they serve the Ahi rare.  I explained that I wanted the center rare, but the outside charbroiled.  She or the kitchen ignored that and I had to send it back.   It wasn't re-prepared the way I asked and I complained to the server.  The manager came over and I explained my legitimate complaint.  He was sorry, but offered no compensation (or understanding of Ahi tuna)  ... what was the point of him coming over to us?????  I understand that this happens repeatedly with other diner's reviews.Con:  Kitchen staff is apparently not overseen by an executive chef.  Whoever is working there is not trained properly.  Oysters were just ok.  The bisque had chunks of lobster (or crab - not clear on that), but it had a film over it as if it was canned Campbell's and twice as salty.  Charbroiled Ahi tuna was never charbroiled and only the outer 1/2 millimeter was cooked.... the outside area is supposed to be charred and the center red... that is every chef's way of preparing it.  Shrimp George - crab stuffed shrimp - we needed a search party to find any trace of crab... and no broiled, but soggy!Con:  Atmosphere was a sports bar ... not a 4 star restaurant as some odd food reviewers gave it.  We spent $120. only to be disappointed in every aspect.I could go on and on, but you get the point... read the reviews of people who are used to better dining experiences.Recommendations: Don't expect what the menu professes to be fine dining - NOT SO!  No value for your dining dollar.  Stay away.
5	Hidden Gem!!!! This is where we come for every World Market Show.Food: Amazing! !! Perfectly season steak to great seafood and perfectly made pasta. Excellent!  Every dish is amazing. We seriously ate dinner every night and order different items from a wide selection. Price: average to expensiveAlcohol: very good selectionEnvironment: Extremely busy!! Make reservations or prepare to wait for a while. Is loud and fun and super social life with TVs. Kids: Not a good place for kids. Overall amazing perfect for hang out, drinks, laugh and food!
5	This place was a pleasant surprise. I was visiting Las Vegas for a long weekend and was done with the Strip. I was chatting with a bartender who recommended this place. We took a cab from the Mandarin Oriental, thinking that downtown Las Vegas might be a refreshing change of pace. We were right. After wandering around Fremont Street, we made our way to Triple George. Whatever you do, sit at the bar. And hope that Marti is your bartender/server. She recommended a couple of delicious entrees on the menu, she made some perfect martinis, and her level of service was just the right balance between friendly/chatty and professional. It reminded me of the kind of place you'd find in old San Francisco. The food was second only to the hospitality.
1	Wait staff is Inconsiderate, Rude, and Entitled.I had heard good things about this place, and I had some time, so I decided to order some take out on the way home. This is a break down of the rude encounters with the staff:1) The first person to greet me was one of the bartenders. He asked me "Are you OK?" and then while I was answering walked away and never came back.2) Second bartender asked me what I needed. I answered "I placed a to go order" and he said "no problem, it's not quite ready would you like to pay for it" I gave him my card and when signing for it attempted to give him a dollar and asked "Could you please just make sure there is plastic-ware in there?" He looked at the dollar with a look of disgust and walked away without accepting the dollar. I was like I guess my dollar is not good enough for you. He never even came back to take the receipts while I was there either.Side Note: I worked as a server and know the face of waitstaff when they think they deserve a 20 percent gratuity even if service is poor. This was a to-go order so I felt no obligation to give him anything, but wanted to give him something for taking the time to take the order. If you break it down, 1 dollar for about a minute of work, it is still 60 dollars an hour. He should be trying to get more of these types of orders so he can make tips on the side for very little work.3) I waited for my food and it took about 15 minutes sitting at the bar to be asked if I wanted some water or something to drink from a third person. All I was thinking at this point was like "what is with these people?"4) Now a fourth person started to hand me my order. This guy didn't even say a word to me the entire brief time I was near him. I asked "Is that the order for Ryan?" as he walked up. All he did was set it down and he gave me another look as if to say "You are not wanted here."I said thank you and finally left feeling like this is the rudest staff I have ever dealt with. I have never had such a bad experience at a place that I felt like I needed to say nothing about the food and everything about the rude staff. I can't believe that these people even work in the food and beverage industry. They don't treat people with the basic amount of respect or kindness.The food was very good, but I will never go back to Triple George just because of the way the staff treated me.
4	Triple George Grill is a nice restaurant to go to if you want strip quality without the strip price. Spinach dip was probably one of the best I've had. The goat cheese marinara was excellent. Lobster bisque was very very good. Cioppino was above average but not San Francisco good. The sage buttermilk fried chicken was savory and done to perfection! And the spicy shrimp and scallop linguine was just ok, not bad, but I wouldn't order it again. The espresso martini was tasty but a little sweet, an after dinner drink for my liking. Overall, it was very good, I'll return.
5	Been here 4 times and every time has earned 5 stars. Since my first trip to TGG I make sure I visit anytime I come to Vegas. Great selection of wines and other liquor. Highly recommend the Pot roast.
5	We had such a great time last year, we came back again for this year's trip. Great food, great service. As a friend once said, there is no cheap food, there is no expensive food, there's only good food and bad food. This is some damn good food.
5	First off, shout out to Marti, thanks for being a gracious mixologist! Also to Cameron for the amazing service, it's always great to have a waiter who can make great recommendations for all our different eating palettes!My team at Zappos was going to see Wicked showcasing at The Smith Center, collectively we all decided to try Triple George to start off our evening.What a great choice.Sitting at the Bar to treat ourselves to a cocktail during happy hour was a nice experience, Marti greeted us with a smile, and when she found out we were going to see Wicked - she had to share her personal experience from having watched the show and she was genuinely excited for the 6 of us.The lovely hostess led us to our table and the charming personality of Cameron just kept our enjoyment going with refreshment offerings, as well as appetizer specials. From the Bread basket with the butter and white wine vinegar to the arrival of our Caprese Bruschetta &  Spinach dip.The ambiance of this place is a bit like an old English hall which has a bit of an echoey resonance, but we felt very much secluded enough to enjoy conversation amongst ourselves.Our waiter Cameron was helpful in giving his insightful help to choose our next rounds of cocktails, also shortly followed by our nicely plated entrees.Food was great, we enjoyed the staff who interacted with us, I think I will find myself here again to enjoy another evening in the near future.
4	Loved the outdoor seating option with excellent service.
4	I had a great dinner with work colleagues and it was excellent. At first, we were seated outside and the temperature was rapidly stopping and instead of offering to move us inside, we had to wait and beg for a table. Once inside, things started to look up. The drink menu was short yet comparable to other drinks in the area. I didn't take a peek at the wine list, but I'm sure it was just as lovely. We ordered appetizers first: oysters on the half shell were just okay, kind of mediocre. The mignonette was weak. As was the cocktail sauce. Ketchup with a little horseradish in it. The calamari was good, but the rings were cut a little to big, and there were no tentacles (my favorite part), French onion soup was VERY rich and flavorful, but again... It was just okay. The chopped salad was gross. It was watery, weepy and looked like it had been sitting in a fridge for 3 days. The dressing is balsamic and a little too tart. The carpaccio was great but had wayyyy too much truffle oil on it and the lettuce greens. The best app we had: baked goat cheese. The grilled bread was kind of fantastic. It took an extraordinary amount of time to get our entrees, but I was pleased with my buttermilk sage fried chicken. It had the same breading as the calamari and I couldn't taste any sage, but it was very flavorful. The mashed potatoes (listed as chef's recommended accompaniments) were a little dry and chunky. The sauteed vegetables were the best things in the plate. Why 4 stars? The prices were reasonable (except for a $60 steak, good Lord!), the atmosphere was upscale and it's very convenient choice that's close to Fremont Street. Would I return? Maybe. The dishes are classic-chicken, steaks, pasta, seafood and there's something for everyone on the menu.
5	Found the Triple George Grill when walking to the Mob Museum.  Everything we had was awesome! All staff were very nice, especially Cameron who was avery attentive server and gave great suggestions!
5	Excellent place for lunch with friends and/or business associates. Reminds me of restaurants in Atlanta and Chicago. Great service, delicious tasting dishes. Love their outdoor seating with live music.
5	Omg!!! The food was AMAZING!!!! We found it on Yelp, read review and so so so so glad we went. The food was delicious! I had the filet and French onion soup. Both great!!! Friends had the Ahi and chicken. We woke up the next morning talking how good it was!
5	We had heard of this place but never knew exactly where it was on.  On our walk back from the mob museum we spotted it.  We wanted somewhere good to go for dinner since it was my boyfriends birthday and landed on this place.  It was either here or Binions Steakhouse since we were downtown.  However we were a little spooked about Binions now being at the top of a closed hotel and having mixed reviews so we decided to try Tripple G.  We had heard it was locals spot.  We were pleasantly surprised at how awesome it was.  We guarantee we will be back many times in the future.  They had a surf and turf special which was a split lobster and 10 once filet with truffled mash which we both decided to have and it was well worth the price.  $42 dollars which you would never get on the strip and even if you did it it would never be that good.  We also each got a Ceasar Salad which was fresh and excellent..   Our waiter Brian and his Assistant Andrew were incredible as well.   This was one of those restaurants you can't find in our area anymore.  A good local restaurant with good cooking that is a little more upscale but not pretentious.  The dress code is casual fine dining so you don't have to be uncomfortable while you have an excellent meal.   This is one place you have to try!
4	This restaurant is located in Las Vegas' burgeoning downtown/hipster area - on Ogden, just one block north of the Fremont St Experience. It's dark & upscale with a more relaxed front room with bar seating and a more formal back room with tables. The waiter was exceedingly attentive and friendly - smiled a lot - but didn't seem comfortable in his role - just wasn't genuine or really connecting. Glasses of wine range from $8 to $14? - I wasn't impressed with the $8 glasses (Greystone). My friend's salted caramel martini was really good. They started us out with some tasty bread with a delicious butter in balsamic vinegar/salt deal. The menu was filled with all the steak and seafood dishes you dream about. The entrees range from $13 to $45? - pretty pricey. My mushroom ravioli was very tasty and rich. My friends also got a decadent chocolate dessert that was very good. I didn't mind the price of the entrees as much (at least there was a range) but paying nearly $10 for a glass of cheap wine pisses me off.
5	Amazing food amazing service our waitress Becky was fantasticThe manager Case was also very friendlyDid I mention the food was amazing!!!!
5	SOOO good!!!!!! Found this gem on yelp and let me tell you...... It's amazing!! We were a party of 10 and Becky was our waitress who handled our large party perfectly!! She's great. Food was incredible. I tried the filet, ravioli, clam chowder, bruschetta, and spinach and artichoke dip. Every single dish was fabulous!!! Will DEFINITELY be back.
4	It's ok.  I get a bunch of small items!  The service is IMPECCABLE though!  Nice and dark!  I look better in the dark so I like it!  The booths are deep and fun too!
5	Really good food and a great old Vegas ambiance.  One of my favorite places downtown for steak.  Great location on third street, parking is ok, I recommend valet at the Downtown Grand.  A great place for lunch or dinner when you are downtown.
5	Yelp did NOT let me down on this one. For starters the wedge salad was delicious and  complimentary bread and herb butter was excellent. I ordered the surf and turf (lobster and filet medallions, served with truffle mashed potatoes), the flavors were so spot on. Over all it was such a delicious meal. The medallions had an amazing mushroom sauce on them. The mushrooms mixed with the potatoes tasted like it was made in heaven!! My boyfriend ordered the filet mignon with herb butter. I had one bite, it was so flavorful and tender.
4	Very good place if you're in the downtown area!  We had the Cioppino and Filet mignon for dinner.  The Caesar salad was pretty good, I liked the sourdough croutons.  The Cioppino was very tasty and flavorful, the tomatoe soup base with the seafood was great.  It was loaded with mussels, scallops, shrimp, clams, and etc.The filet mignon was really flavorful and done medium rare really brought out the flavors in that filet.  Dessert was the bread pudding and a brownie cookie.  Both were pretty good, but nothing that stood out as a great dessert.Service was pretty good, staff was attentive and friendly.
5	Boss bought me lunch here,  what a treat.This place has an old-timey SanFrancisco feel to it.The waiters/bartenders are all in suits, they specialize in fresh steak/seafood, they have an outstanding lunch, dinner, drink, AND dessert menu.The food is incredible.The price is a bit much, but this is no ordinary restaurant/bar.You may dress up on date night here and order a bottle of wine or a classy signature cocktail...something I never do.There are coat racks/purse hooks everywhere and the booths are very enclosed and personal.The inside almost reminds me of a speakeasy. ;)Be back later.
2	I am going to split my review in several parts. First I would give the hostess when we first arrived no stars. She asked me several times what my name was and if I had a reservation. She finally gave us a table in the front near the door. When we asked for another table she said we could move to a booth in about 15 minutes. We waited almost an hour for the booth and in that time several other people came in and were given other tables in the restaurant.  Once we got to our booth Brian our waiter was very attentive. I will give Brian five stars for his service for our entire meal. The price of the meal includes sides so a good value for what you get. I will gave the Chef one star.  There were four of us and we all ordered steaks. Only one out of the four meals was cooked correctly. One steak was ordered as medium, it was well done. My husbands steak was ordered as medium and it was medium rare. My steak was ordered as medium and I got rare.  I sent it back and when they brought it back it was only medium rare.  I told them to redo the whole meal. When they finally brought the new steak it was cooked perfectly. But everyone else had finished their meal so I just had them box it to eat later.William the asst manager only charged us for two meals so at least they tried to make it right. I am not sure I will come again. Perhaps the regular chef was on vacation last night. Vegas offers many restaurants to choose from.
5	This is the place for a nice date, catch-up with friends or a "power" meeting. Service was excellent - and this includes the warm hello and goodbye from the hostess. Your meal will start of with some lovely bread with a room temperature butter and seasoned oil combination (pure genius). I enjoyed the pot roast. My hubs enjoyed the wings. The pot roast is tender beef with a lovely gravy and mashed potatoes. We were so impressed with the sophisticated simplicity of this dish - we tried to duplicate it at home. Ahhh - we tried. The wings - a nice heat with a sweet note at the end. These are a nice twist on an American classic. Triple George Grill is a wonderful place for a leisurely lunch and I can say - the best food and service we had during our trip! Thank you Cameron!
3	Items selected:- Petite filet mignon- Fish and chipsPlus complimentary sourdough bread basket. All decent.The patio seating was a nice setting in the middle of downtown.
5	Never a misstep in service or quality. I love the homage in atmosphere to the Tadich Grill in SF. Dark wood booths and white tile flooring evoke a period of the past in fine dining. I love the petite filet, medium rare, with a baked potato. With the Willamette (dammit) Valley pinot noir....heaven!
5	Recently tried this place and I will return. Service was wonderful and I enjoyed the atmosphere. We started with the calamari which had two great dipping sauces. My husband had chicken that was reminiscent to chicken-cordon-blue. I had the mushroom ravioli which was the best I've ever had. The bread and butter they bring is to die for. Highly recommend!
5	This restaurant is on the backside of Fremont Casino on 3rd Street.  As you walk in, you see a bar atmosphere setting. The dining room is on the side in a nice secluded room.  Our waiter Andrew was very pleasant and catered to our needs.  Andrew indicated the restaurant is identical to Taddich restaurant located in San Francisco.  The food was great, the atmosphere great, the waiters are even better.  A must place to visit and enjoy an elegant meal.
5	Triple George is where to go if you want a really good meal near Fremont Street. My server, Becky, was awesome. Friendly, engaging and came by just often enough to ask how dinner was. I opted for the petite filet mignon and a shrimp cocktail, both of which were great. As was the bread. Ambiance is great. I'd rate it $$ or $$$ depending on what you order, but it's definitely worth it. This is a place you can bring people to impress. Free WiFi, also, which was great because I had to work during dinner.
5	Had a great dinner tonight at Triple Georges. Started with a nice bottle of wine that our server "Laslo" recommended. We then move from the bar area to our table where we continued the nice service we had in the bar. we orderd the chop salad and split it. I had a beautiful Rib Rye. My husband had the lamb chops. Both entries were cooked to perfection. Service was great. Entrees were brought to the table by the manager. There was a slight mixup in our order, but everything  was great even with the wrong entree. Too full for deserts, maybe next time. We will definitely be back the next time we are in town.
3	My expectations were higher. Is not that impressed by my meal. The service was good and friendly however they did not give us 15% discount even though they promised when I showed coupon from yelp. Prices also higher than $$. I would say it is $$$. So 3 stars from me. Overall disappointed.
5	The service is exceptional!!   We enjoyed the house salad and fish and chips.  Would return and try some new dishes.  The decor is beautiful.
5	The best thing we did was get off the Vegas Strip when it came to eating at a reasonable price.... and getting quality.  We went to the "Mob Museum" in downtown Vegas (I highly recommend the museum) and right up the block from the museum on the way to the Fremont Experience we found Triple George (which was recommended on Yelp).  The food and service was excellent.  We had the Crab Stuffed Shrimp and Grilled Salmon, both were excellent.  There were so many choices on the menu, it was hard to choose.....everything on the menu sounded and looked great.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you are on/near Fremont Street.  The pricing is very reasonable, especially for Vegas.
4	Never thought I would order a burger here but a friend told me that I would like it. He was right. Awesome burger. The chops are great too.
2	One of our usual places when we're in town.   "Great steaks, sea food is wonderful, great ambience and service"!    Well, that's what I used to write anyways.  Our last visit over new year's had much to be desired.  It seems they've made many changes. And even though we had reservations, (but were a little early), they placed us in an "over flow" dining area which I didn't  care for.  You loose the privacy of the wooden booths, especially when you have a group of noisy patrons (I should say Pickled Patrons) a couple of tables away.Gone are the little relish plates and ambiance that we used to love.  I ordered one of the chefs specials (crab stuffed lobster)  There might have been 4 bites total to the lobster and it was a bit mushy.  Smallest one I've ever seen.  and the "Crab Stuffed" consisted of what seemed to be 2 small mushy crab cakes (light on the crab), that just sat on top.  The rice was tastey, but the mixed vegetables were not.  Very mushy.  And no soup or salad, that is all extra now.  I don't mind paying the prices, but not when this is now what you get.This was always one of our usual stops, as well as referring all of our friends, but next time we are in town, I don't think it will be.
5	Excellent food and service. Prices commensurate with a nice night out at a nice eatery.
4	Went there the other night. Food was awesome and the bartender justin was amazing. Super professional and very knowledgable of all the wines and cocktails. Definitely will be going back..
4	Went there the other night. Food was awesome and the bartender justin was amazing. Super professional and very knowledgable of all the wines and cocktails. Definitely will be going back..
