3	We typically go to Matthews Animal Clinic - we just started doing so and always kept at it.  But there was one time that we needed to have something taken care of, and because of their other commitments and a holiday approaching, they couldn't take us.  So we went to the Charlotte Veterinary Clinic.Because it's actually closer to our house, we were somewhat hopeful that it would work out.  Unfortunately it didn't.  The place is a bit dingier, like it hasn't been updated in a while.  It's clean, it's just old.  It's like comparing a paneled room from the 70s with a newer, remodeled home.The service was certainly okay, and the staff was nice, it is just that the place wasn't nearly as nice.  I'm sure that the cost would reflect it as well.  I don't mean to say anything bad about the staff, either - but when you compare the surroundings of the waiting room, and what appeared to be a single-person staff vs. the multiple doctor setup provided in Matthews, it may very well be worth the extra few dollars, you know?
3	I  disagree with the previous comment.  I,too, have gone to both mentioned clinics.  The actual physical surroundings-decor, office size,etc, do not really reflect on the quality of care, but often do mean that you will pay more, because the overhead in these "fancier" places mean the costs get passed to the customers.  Also, I have found that in the larger clinics, like Matthews, you and your pet often get lost in the crowd.  I've been there 6 times and have seen  5 different vets-(in a 2 month period.)  I feel that the continuity of care suffers from this.  In a small clinic with one or 2 vets and fewer techs, they actually KNOW your pet and are more likely to pick up on problems.  That being said, often the newer clinics have staff that is more updated on things, like the 3 year booster vaccinations as opposed to yearly,etc.  I go to Matthews Clinic because they  give a Senior Citizens discount, and their rates are actually very competitive for a larger clinic.  Also, they sell  Interceptor brand of HW preventative, which my dogs need.  But  in some ways I miss knowing that  Dr. Todd will always be the one to see my dogs, and  most of the staff has been with him for MANY years, which makes a positive statement,too.  So there is good and bad with both type of clinics.
4	I have 3 dogs.  I am not independently wealthy.  Fancy surroundings do not impress me.  My dogs have received quality care at this clinic for a reasonable price.  This may be because they are not wasting money on the decor and I appreciate that.  The staff is caring and knowledgeable.  I recommend this vet clinic to the non-wine-and -cheese crowd.  :)
