3	You will have a hard time convicing me that any tex-mex restaurant in the valley is as good as some of our best authentic mexican cuisine, so Chevy's starts a leg down in my estimation. It's not bad, and the homemade tortillas are actually somewhat impressive. Still, I would advise exhausting all other mexican options first, then, in the tex-mex pecking order, going to Ajo Al's, or if that doesn't work, try Chevy's. It is a good place to take a large group and drink margaritas and celebrate and non-romantic event, such as a birthday or graduation. Celebrants are given a large sombrero, which, invariably, they will wear for the duration of the night out after sipping on a little too much tequila. Don't believe me? You'll see.
3	Summertime happy hour weeknights until 7:00PM- beer and margaritas under $3.00.
4	Chevy's five years ago was crisp and fresh and the salsa was great. The tortillas were hot and fresh and the staff engaging. It was a lovely place to have fun. Then it took a nose dive in every single area and it didn't seem to care. Quality and service and food, man we had some nasty times and stopped visiting. We thought fresh my ***. If you had made a suggestion of going to Chevy's I would roll my eyes. Thanks but no thanks.On a lark, maybe desperation, we went back this weekend. They have updated the menu, the staff, the service and the place is back functioning again. I asked management what happened and they divulged the handling of parent company Pepsi was a disaster for the Chevy's branding and they have been sold to new people. It shows.If you used to enjoy Chevy's and then over the past few years stopped, then it's time to go back. The fire shrimp is back, the service is back, the machino is working and things remind me of when I first tried them out. We were full, and satisfied. If you have any issues with your new experience they are listening now. Welcome Back Chevy's.
1	Worst Mexican food chain ever! The places are clean and nice, but the food is so generic and overpriced its not funny! If you think this is Mexiacn food, you'd be better off dining at Taco Bell and saving some $$! I can't stand this/these places... Been to them in Fresno, San Francisco, and now here in PHX, and they are all the same... BORING FOOD.
2	I moved all the way up to 2 stars because of the outside patio, and in the desert, that's a necessity. The food is good for a chain. The margaritas are good, and cheap. Service is alright, but why do they have to be so stingy on the chips? Is it so expensive to have more than one bowl of chips? Fail.
3	Chevy's seems to be our go-to "large group" place for lunch at work.  They can easily accommodate a large group on little to short notice and the food is decent quality.  Yes, it's a chain, and yes there is definitely better Mexican Food in the Valley, but it works for what it is; fast, tasty, reasonably priced, and decent service.  I had a burrito and it was HUGE!  I couldn't eat it all, and then I went off and left it sitting on the table.  Silly me.  Oh well.  Parking is usually easy to find and we were in and out in less than an hour.  I think I've found another "Best Lunchtime Eats" candidate here.
2	Good chips, decent service.  Overall the food wasn't very good except for a little pile of sweet corn tamale mash that should be highlighted rather than underplayed....as it was the best thing there!  Well, the steak fajita nachos were ok too.  They didn't mind kids being a little rowdy and the tortilla machine was cute.  I'll come back with kids.  But only if I can have a margarita next time.
4	When I think of getting Mexican food, Chevy's is the first place that comes to mind. It's close to the Biltmore, which gives it an ideal location. The food is fresh, chips are fantastic! And the guacamole is made right before your eyes.I found that the staff here are very friendly and welcoming, though it's surprising that I've never seen the place even half full! However, the food is great and portions are plentiful. Chevy's is the place to go for great Mexican food at a great price.
