3	One of the downtown stretches three remaining active movie theaters. When it opened in 1999, this cineplex effectively killed off the lost of the old theaters that lined St. Catherine. As multiplexes go, this one is particularly ugly. The renovations of the old hockey arena were poorly done, although it's worth a stop at the "Montreal walk of fame" to laugh at how pathetic it is: it currently houses two lonely stars: Rocket Richard and Celine Dion. Yet I go quite frequently. Why? Because it's pretty much the only show in town. In terms of selection, it has a pretty eclectic mix of programming ranging from mainstream Hollywood, independent films, foreign (or Quebec) films subtitled in English, and big Bollywood releases. I'd go so far to say that it has a better selection than Cinema du Parc (at least in its current incarnation). Unfortunately, I always feel like the Forum is on the brink of going under.  It's never full. It's generally not even half full. In fact, it's usually empty (with the exception of Tuesdays and maybe opening weekends). In fact, we've gone a few times only to find ourselves to be the ONLY ones in the entire theater (talk about a personal experience). Why? Is it too far west? Maybe. Or perhaps its worst sin is that the tickets are way too damn expensive (13 bucks = more than Manhattan for Christ's sake) and they don't get the blockbuster releases which all go to the Paramount (aka Banque Scotia).  The exorbitant ticket price provides justification for two-for-the-price-of-one double features and to that end it's a good place since you can wander freely to check out what else is playing after the film ends. Bon Cinema!
5	By far the best movie theatre in Montreal
4	One of the best movie theatres I've ever been to.  Conveniently located on the main street downtown and played all major films. The theater is one of the cleanest I have ever been too and also the most professional staff for a movie theatere that I have ever been too.   They also offer a variety of doughnuts which was a surprise to me as they don't offer that back in the states.  Overall. Great movie theater
5	There's no much to say here, since it's a movie theatre; however some features are quite appealing. They rarely play blockbuster films but rather the smaller less visible titles, often for a more mature crowd. Which is a bonus because I tire easily of indolent but yet ballbreaking teenagers. The other feature that appeals to me is the seating; the armrests are mobile and the seating itself is far more comfortable than the seating at the Scotia Bank Theater.  Sound quality is also noticeable. My favourite Cineplex in town.
4	Why does Vancouver pay $10-12 for movies when in Montreal they`re $6.50-$8.50?
3	Frankly, I'm not really sure what to think of the AMC Forum 22. Every time I go, there's no shortage of films to see and the times are always convenient. However, this particular falls short of my experience with AMC in the United States (and other movies theaters in the US as well such as Cinemark). First of all, the ticket cost is way overpriced in most cases! If you can plan strategically, you might be able to snag a $7/8 ticket on a weekday early afternoon. Otherwise, plan to spend around $10-12. The layout of the theatre is stunning, as it is literally multiple sections on multiple floors of an interior atrium mall. However, you are quickly snapped back into reality by the jaw-dropping prices of snacks. Soda prices aren't bad, and if you're looking for a large soda, it's really a steal. But, for any other item, it's the biggest rip-off I've ever seen at any movie theater. Chairs are quite comfy and the theaters themselves are rarely packed which makes for a more pleasant viewing experience. And, exits are easily accessible on your way out.Unfortunately, this is the only AMC theater I've found that doesn't take part in the AMC Stubs program (a paid frequent-viewer program), supposedly because they can't get the promotional materials translated. However, in my opinion, some form of compensation should be offered for those of us who did pay to get into the program. I don't care about getting my points, just offer me a free small popcorn or a bag of m & m's to make up for it...
3	Although they do provide a big selction in movies. These guys really need to improve their popcorn quality.
3	Went to watch the Amazing Spider-Man a month after its release (I know, we're a bit late), it turns out to be uber filled on a Tuesday night, but we still managed to get tickets. I always enjoy going to the Forum than Cinema Banque Scotia because there's less people, and quieter. Above all, at Forum you can avoid those awkward encounters with your friends at the theatre.The best part of Forum: the Coldstone in Timmy's. It's a good pre- or post-movie treat with your friends.
3	I like going to the Forum because it isn't as crazy as some of the other places around, like Scotiabank, and not far like Guzzo. What I did want to mention is the ICEEs.That's right, for all you people that don't get what a slurpee is, or say that it is the same as a slouche, the answer is no, no it isn't.  Even between the slurpee and the ICEE there is major differences.The only way I could describe it is, it's like drinking cold fluffy flavours, and the texture is exactly that, airy clouds.  This is probably the only reason why I am writing about the AMC in general, because of how amazing ICEEs are. The only unamazing part though is the price. Seriously surprising that it costs as much as it does. I would have 5star'd this for sure, except for the price, but because of its scarcity in this city, I do.Shameless inability of my part to get rid of memories of being a kid drinking them with  happiness!
4	A nice theatre with big screens and clean, comfy seats. It's now a Cineplex Odeon, but the AMC logo is still up on the building outside.The main ticket area is an open space homage to hockey, which is cool, except it's so dim you're liable to think a few lights went out and need replacing. The up escalator is also currently out on the bottom floor, so you feel stuck and stupid coming out of your movie until you're able to find the elevator by the condiments station.The Forum is one of the few theatres nearby with an IMAX screen, but know that this is a digital IMAX which means it's a 20% bigger screen, not a "true" IMAX. Still, it's damn impressive and tickets are reasonable at $15 apiece.
3	I've come to this theater many times during my stay in Montreal. I agree with the reviewer who mentioned that it is a but dim in here and that you'd think some light bulbs went out! Nice big screens and comfy seating. If you don't know where you're going, it's easy to get lost in here. Also, make sure that you don't go out an exit that you can't get back into! Since this used to be where the Montreal Canadiens played and was gutted and remade into a movie theater/commercial complex, there are Canadiens insignia and whatnot all over the place. One more thing, there is only one ascending escalator. In order to get down, you have to take the stairs or the elevator. Mildly annoying, but tolerable.
4	I like it that they have a different kind of movies than blockbusters: Bollywood, independant movies, kids movies... The seating and sound are pretty decent. Overall one of my favorite cinema in town, especially since there are no  annoying teenagers/douchebags/rude persons.
3	Hmm the AMC forum is a strange place. There's a massive space that simply seems to be wasted.. I think that with better design, optimal use of all the room available can be figured out.Now that I've had my small rant, I'll give you the actual review... The theatre is quite large, but new movies don't seem to come here until a few weeks in for some reason..In terms of restaurants, it's kind of lacking. There used to be a few, but they've recently been closed down, leaving only Pekarna (cakes, croissants, etc), and a Tim Hortons. The FutureShop is also very large - nothing bad or amazing about itThere is a bowling alley and well as access to pool tables - always funThe Comedy Nest is here with shows every week (I think)..An Energie Cardio (gym) can be found on the upper floor of this building - not my favorite gym...but I'll keep that for another review..There's an SAQ as well - not the largest, but has a good selection.And that's about it! Very strange combination of businesses, and could do with some more food options. Otherwise, nothing good/bad to say really!
4	Since this movie theater has been overtaken by Cineplex, there have been little changes. First off, I am glad that Cineplex offered free movie tickets in exchange of my no longer valid AMC points card and very happy that this movie theater now offers more affordable rates compared to AMC. Cheapy Tuesdays are in effect!This theater is still the largest in the downtown core with 23 screens and features a great selection of american blockbusters to international films and independent productions. It's very roomy and comfy. Even their washrooms are better than other places because they offer paper toilet seat covers, just like in the airplane!One thing I noticed over the past year is that they seem to be cracking down on people sneaking in to watch perhaps 2 movies in a row or going into another room. There's very little surveillance in this theater, the only person checking your ticket is right at the entrance and once you're in, you have free range. This is no longer possible because they do not feature the name of the movie on the top of the room. You will only know what room your movie is playing in by seeing it on your ticket.Scotiabank theatre does not hide which movies are playing.
