4	I recently became a Tilly's fan when a fellow Yelper and I went for a xmas gift for a family member at the Boca Park location.  I was in the neighborhood of this Tilly's and went in to compare the stores and to buy a sweatshirt.  Although this isn't as large of a store, their selection of alternative clothes/hats/shoes etc was great.  The employees in this store are very helpful and seem to be VERY happy to work there.  I will definitely stop in again...prices are good, options are vast and you don't feel deserted by the employees or bombarded by them at any time.  I can add this to one of my new shopping stops!
1	Dear Tilly's employee who greeted me with 20 questions...Mind you, the answer to every question you ask me is, "No, I'm just browsing, thanks."And the questions I was asked were.....in chronological order..."Can I help you find anything?""Are you looking for anything specific?""Are you shopping for, like, a nephew or something?""So, like, do you know how the store is laid out?""Are you sure I can't help you find anything?"No, I'm just browsing, thanks.Sorry I was dressed improperly for the occasion of going to Tilly's to look for a sugar skull t-shirt.  Next time I'll leave my RL oxford and brown loafers at home.  The funny thing is, after this visit to the store at Meadows, I went home, took a nap, got hot and put on shorts, took off the oxford, changed to barefoot boat shoes and was only asked one question at the next Tilly's I went to at Arroyo.....coincidence?  You tell me...
5	Everything is a bit pricey. 8 dollars for a bracelet? 20 for a mug? Naw, seems to much. But they do have great clothing and accessories
5	Incredibly helpful staff. I was purchasing a pair of jeans for someone who is beyond picky and very difficult to shop for. He found a pair here that he loved but they didn't have any left in his size. Even with as busy as they were because of all the sales they are having, they took the time to find the jeans online and order them for me. They could of very easily sent me home to order them online myself, because another store has done that, but three associates worked together to help me out.  If you're gonna shop at Tilly's, this is the store to come to.
