5	.... long story short:Another brake place? Total screw job.This brake place? Honest, fair, friendly. Carl was a fantastic help and I will be returning.
5	I have been having the Toyota dealer tell me that I need new brakes for 8 months and 10,000 miles or so.  I wanted a second opinion, so I went here based upon other reviews I found. I've been there twice since that trip to the dealer and both times I was told I had more time before I needed new brakes. It's kind of sad to make such a big deal about someone being so honest, but it's so rare anymore and it's worth noting.  Even though I live in North Scottsdale, I am a customer for life with these guys.
5	So a whopping 14 months after Toyota said I needed new brakes, the guys here finally agreed. (Note that I have come here twice before and been told both times that I didn't need brakes.)  I called them about 30 minutes before I was hoping to get in and the accommodated me and took unbelievable care of me. I recommend this place more than anything else I've ever recommended.  I'm a big fan!!!
5	Yelp should have been originally designed for places like this... because how many times do you struggled over whether you are getting ripped off at an auto place? You want to find that one place that is just honest... well The Brake Shop is it...Couple of examples:I took my car is because I was sure that I had brake problems, they took a look at my brakes and said they just needed to be cleaned, cleaned them out the door, NO CHARGE! I was ready and willing to pay to have my breaks replaced... all they had to do is give the word. They didn't and I got another 6 months out of my brakes.I recently took my car in because I was sure the exhaust was having problems (yes they do more the just brakes). They told me to wait a couple minutes and if I needed an entire exhaust restructure that they would send me somewhere else because I could get it a lot cheaper! It turned out that it wasn't my exhaust at all and they the engine was actually broken and it would not be worth it to fix it... which leads me to my last example:After I decided that it was not worth fixing my car I asked them what they thought I should do with it... they recommended just selling it to a scrap company for parts. I have no idea how to do that but no worries, they stored it on their lot until THEY got a hold of a scrap company and THEY bargained with the company to get me $400 for my piece of junk car... cleaned out any personal belongings and held them until I picked them up! For these guys it is all about building a relationship... I would take my car to them fro anything.
5	I took my Suburban into the Brake Shop after reading the reviews on Yelp.  I am always nervous about taking my cars to mechanics, I've been ripped off before and I don't know enough about cars to know if I'm being treated fairly.  The assistant manager, Carl checked out my car free of charge and determined that I needed just my rear brakes changed.  I had dragged my feet about going to get my brakes repaired because I knew it was going to cost a lot, and there's not a lot of extra money during Christmas time.  The cost was about half of what I expected and only took about an hour.  I will not only recommend the Brake Shop to everyone I know, I'm also sending my husband in there this week to have his truck checked out.  It's not often you find a mechanic you feel you can trust, but you can definitely trust these guys, and we're driving all the way from Queen Creek for our repairs.
5	I had my car fixed here twice. Super nice and honest people working there. This a place for me or for people like me who only knows how to drive but nothing else about a car because you don't need to worry they tell you to replace/fix parts that you don't really need or overprice the parts.An example, the second time I went there was because I hit my front wheel on a curb, then the car started shaking pretty badly so I brought it to another shop closeby( with good yelp reviews too somehow). I came back with a $570 quote on a part that's "at least need to be changed". I called the break shop as they've left a very good impression to me the first time I was there. I was told to bring the car in for them to take a look because that $570 part many not be necessary....guess what, I drove in, they inspected my car and told me the only thing i need to change is the wheel it self, which only cost like ~$220. How happy I was hearing that! They even helped me to put on my spare tires and let me drove back without charging me anything! They have my trust now I won't go anywhere else for auto repairs. Highly recommend! ( And yes they do have shuttle services to send you home/work while your car is in repair)
5	Good honest work
5	Honest, great quality work, friendly people, quick....don't go anywhere else!
5	How refreshing to find am HONEST shop! They will now be my regular mechanics!
5	These guys are very honest, and straight forward. I went in there after some shop screwed up my brake job and these guys had to fix their mess. I am truly grateful there are still good people out there. They completely took care of my Acura and the pricing is fair. I defiantly recommend these guys to anyone. By far the best auto service center.
2	I had originally posted a 5-star review, but have now retracted it. While at The Brake Shop to have my brakes inspected, I also asked for an oil change and tire rotation. After they drained the oil, they realized they didnt have the proper oil filter, and could not locate one. They added some oil back in my 2012 Audi, and replaced the oil filter.When I went to Jiffy Lube the next day, the service guy there wouldn't touch it - there was oil all over the engine. I had to immediately go to the nearest Audi dealership, where they stated that either the oil filter was replaced improperly, or an incorrect oil filter was used. Had I driven any longer, this could have cause severe damage to my 1 yr old Audi.2 Stars because the store manager was very friendly, and didn't try to upsell me anything. Negative 3 stars for the poor garage staff.
2	Customer service/friendliness: 5 starsEfficiency/Time of Service: 3 starsDid they fix the problem?: 1-2 stars (??)The Gist: On a Saturday, the brakes on my 2009 Hyundai Genesis lost pressure about 2 blocks from The Brake Shop (TBS). Yelp tells me they're good and close by, so I go. Very nice guys in the front office and they get me right into service.Diagnosis:I'm told that my master brake cylinder needs to be replaced along with several brake pads and rotors. My oil change guys already told me I'd need to replace my brake pads soon, so that made sense. TBS tells me I need my power steering flushed too. I agree to it all.Questionable actions: TBS tells me that the master cylinder will need to be ordered. I decide to wait the extra two days for delivery (they are closed Sunday). On the day of completion, I'm called and told that everything is about 95% complete. Supposedly, my pedal and another system needs to be tuned by the dealership. However, the car is "still driveable and safe."I pick up the car and do notice increased pressure but still difficult to drive normally. I call them back to ask what to tell the dealership and TBS tells me that they COULD fix my car completely, but thought I wanted it out early. (huh?)Total amount spent at TBS: $1100.00Dealership follow-up: My dealership tells me that my entire anti-lock brake system needs to be replaced. Luckily, it's under warranty, but still puts me at an additional weekend using a rental car. I eventually get my car back and my brakes are back to 100% normal.Total amount spent at dealership: $120 (including fully insured car rental for 4 days)Bottom Line: What started off as a seemingly easy repair job became a potential waste of time and money. I don't think I'll ever know if the repair by TBS was really necessary. The guys there were extremely nice and professional and made it look like I was getting a good deal. When I gave my CC over the phone, they stapled that note they took to show they weren't keeping my info. Real integrity or ignorant facade?
5	This is the first shop I have found in my 10 years in the Valley where I know the guys are honest and will not try to rip me off or sell me things I do not need. On more than one occasion, I have taken other shops' recommendations to get brakes/struts/flushes done ASAP, and when I took my vehicles in to the Brake Shop, I found out that either a) I did not need to get the work done at all or b) I still had 6-12 months before the issue would be urgent.These guys are knowledgeable, efficient, fairly-priced, and will always give you a prioritized list of things from what needs attention right away to stuff that can wait a while.I highly recommend this place, and not just for brake-related issues, but all car-related problems!
5	I recently had an oil change done at a local dealership for my '96 Honda Civic where they told me I needed to have additional axle work done and that I had significant oil leaks.  They quoted me at roughly $350 for this work.  I had gone to the Brake Shop before for another vehicle where they had more reasonable prices so I decided to give them a try again.  For the same work they quoted me about $100 cheaper.  Here is where it gets interesting...After ordering the part and looking at the vehicle they informed that the work was not even necessary!  They saved me a car expense that I didn't even need!  Not only did they say the part did not need to be replaced, but the part was still in good condition!  However, they did tell me the battery would need to be replaced in the near future, which the dealership failed to mention to me.  Needless to say, I got a new battery; this would be beneficial living here in the desert.Carl and his staff are VERY HONEST and PROFESSIONAL.  I can't get over how honest this auto shop is despite the mythconceptions with mechanics and integrity.  If you're looking for trustworthy evaluations on your vehicle, especially older ones like mine, I definitely encourage you to go to the Brake Shop.  Due to this experience, I am now having my oil changes and other maintenance done by the Brake Shop!
5	The Brake shop provides complete service to our fleet of 26 vehicles, many of which are wheelchair accessible.  As a business serving individuals with disabilities, it is vital that our vehicles are repaired promptly and maintained to high quality standards.  The Brake Shop has been an outstanding business partner for us, thorough in the work they do, flexible in scheduling, professional, and of the highest quality.  THANK YOU, GUYS!!Billy ParkerExecutive DirectorChandler Gilbert ArcChandler AZ
5	I've been going to this shop for 6 yrs. They have consistently taken care of my car's maintenance which may not always be easy for a 2002 Hyundai. They have never tried to take advantage of me financially, honest to a fault. My first trip there, I wanted to get my brakes replaced because I heard squealing. They checked my brakes and told me that no replacement was necessary. I still had some room to go. The noise was caused by dirt from the recent haboob. Tell me what other mechanic would ever do that??
5	Amazing job on my brakes. They went over what needed to be done, what could wait, how the different types of brakes work in my car and how to extend the life of my new brakes. They also looked over my car to see if there was any other problems to make sure I would be safe driving from Phoenix to Los Angeles. When I called them initially to get a quote they were exceptionally nice, very patient and thorough without pressuring me to schedule a time to come in like several other companies. They did exactly what the car needed and the price was beyond fair. They were very friendly and I would recommend everyone come to these guys for anything to do with a car.
5	The Brake Shop has always been fair to me and they're always extremely pleasant and easy to work with. Won't go anywhere else!
5	Best auto repair business in the Valley. They are not rip off-con artists like most auto shops and will do the best work possible on your vehicle. They do a great job explaining the needs and costs of repairs and are actually interested in making sure their customers are treated well. As a single woman, this place gives me comfort knowing I am not getting lied to.  They do all auto repair, not just brakes. I highly recommend to give them a try.
