1	Got a gel manicure there on Monday 01.28.2012, by that evening it was chipping.  Today, Thursday, 01.31.2012, 6 1/2 nails have had the color peel off.  Also, the color has yellowed.  The guy that did the manicure fiiled my nails after the color was put on.  Not sure, never saw that before.  He is also pretty rough, I felt quite man handled when I left.  That was my first and last trip to that salon.
4	I have been to this salon more times than I can count, and for the most part I have walked away satisfied. Normally, the wait is fairly short and all of the employees do a phenomenal job. Once or twice I have felt like I didn't get my money's worth and once they royally messed up my eyebrows. But beyond those few exceptions, I really like the result after I go here. The most recent time, I got French tips on my actual nail (non-acrylic) and I really liked the outcome. I would prefer, however, to get what I ask for without someone trying to talk me out of it. For example, today I was pushed to get red sparkly nail polish. I had to say "no" about 4-5 times before that was accepted and I got what I asked for. That being said, I really like how my nails turned out: simple and elegant, just what I asked for.
5	Been going here for as long as I remember. They're like family and always do an amazing job!
5	Gorgeous, CLEAN & friendly salon!! Everyone at Gelish Nails is very polite, helpful and does great work.  I have had pedicures, gel manicures, acrylic nails & waxing at this salon and have never been disappointed in the outcome.  It does get busy, and you may have to wait if you don't have an appointment.  I've been going here over a year and absolutely love it.  Best salon & best pricing in the area!
3	I've been here a few times on a regular basis and stopped coming.  Overall, the service is good, the nail polish selection is decent, but the manis and pedis are not.  They are very inconsistent. I've come before and gotten a  great mani/pedi, and I've come on days where my cuticle was cut and bled and they filed my nails and left rough spots.  I would like to give this place a higher rating, but I feel like the number of bad experiences was enough to warrant 3 stars.  I have gotten gel there before too and it's not bad.  I think for what you're getting, it's overpriced and is one of the priciest nail salons I've been to in the Mesa/Gilbert area.
5	This is my number one place to get waxed . I have gone to actual waxing places ... But I've had a better job done here . Yes, they do you tend to try to sell you more services...  just like the majority of nail places. I had White tips with acrylic over them-  they look great. I have not yet had a pedicure with them.... So I can't judge that service.
