1	Terribly slow, always. At least they are consistent!
5	I can honestly say that I've been instrumental in assisting this particular restaurant in disposing of a few hundred delicious chickens and I've done so without a single regret! As Sarah R mentioned, they are consistent. As far as being slow? I haven't noticed this restaurant being slow at all except when they're packed. But that's to be expected. They may want to refine their queuing algorithm... I may be biased but I just LOVE KFC. In fact it's listed as my last meal in my profile. This may be one of the very few 5 star ratings I ever give. My hat's off to you Colonel... Even though you're not with us physically, you'll always be remembered in our hearts and our stomachs!
1	This KFC is hands down the worst. They never have enough chicken cooked to fill an order without a substantial (25-45 minute) wait which I think is total bull. If you sell chicken you should make enough to fill say....a bucket of chicken. The drivethrough is a joke - it takes forever and you are probably going to drive off with only half your order. Case in point - last month I ordered a 16 piece bucket 'o' chicken for a party. I get home and find that my 16 piece bucket is in fact a 12 piece bucket , the pieces were teensy and there was a random bonus piece of yellow plastic included. So I check my receipt and call the manager to request his assistance on the matter. He tells me that chicken shrinks in the winter which is why my pieces are so small. Now I am no scientist and maybe this is true but it sounds pretty damn stupid to me. He offers me to give me the missing 4 pieces of chicken if I drive back there (keep in mind both Thunderbird and 75th ave are torn up with construction and this is rush hour on a Friday). I told him fine and that I would rather get a refund then the 4 pieces at this point because I was disgusted with his attitude. He states "Ok but you will have to return MY chicken". Seriously? Like I am trying to get one over on KFC after they shortchanged me on my $30 bucket of chicken? OK guy. You can keep your measly chicken - I will go to Fry's.
5	This KFC is very clean friendly service the manager was super nice she gave me an individual container to measure my mashed potatoes really nice and helpful she was, Bathrooms are very clean, Tables are not sticky,The floor is clean and free of debris. I would definitely return to this location is by far one of the more cleaner ones I've been lately.
5	Lydia is great at her job, she welcomes you talks to you like a friend and wants to make you happy, she was fast and friendly a thing that is gone from almost every fast food place.  Lydia even asked if we needed anything else, got some honey and hot sauce for us too.  She has a great smile and personality.  Bathrooms were clean and enough space to eat your meal in the dinning room.  Yummy ckn and mash potatoes too!
1	Terrible service, messy lobby, chickens obviously been cooked a long time ago but still being served. Avoid like the plague!
1	Ordered 2 of the new loaded chicken bowls. Got the regular chicken bowls with out corn. Ordered 4 chicken littles no mayo. They didn't put mayo on them but they forgot the pickles. I guess that's what you get when you have kids working and don't care about customer service. Great job management.
