4	I've been looking all over Scottsdale for a proper hot grinder, and here it is.  If you believe that the way to make a hot grinder is to split the roll, put the meat on top and cover it with cheese, then stick it in the pizza oven till the cheese is melted and the roll is crispy, then apply lettuce, tomato, onions, peppers, and dressing and fold it back together and serve while still warm, GO HERE.After ordering a hot sub at four other establishments purporting to have it and getting nothing close, NY Pizza Lovers delivered perfectly with both italian cold cuts, provalone and italian dressing as well as turkey, swiss and mayo.Somebody else will have to try the pizza.
2	We got a few slices to go at NY Pizza Lovers.  We tried the veggie, pepperoni, and a sausage combo.  I have had frozen pizza better than the pizza here.  I highly doubt I would return.  I didn't give them one star because I only tried their pizzas; it's possible something on the menu is worth eating- just not the pizza.
4	Good "Up-State NY" style Pizza.
5	Fantastic pizza and very nice people!  I was looking for a good thin crust pizza close to my home and decided to try this place out.  The pizza was fantastic and the ingredients were high quality and very fresh.  I was so tired of paying Scottsdale type pizza prices and was very happy to find this very affordable and very tasty pizza joint.  The pizza is better than the other nearby pizza competitors and it's half the price!  I highly recommend it.
3	Open 11am-9pm. Greek guys doing white broccoli & white shrimp pizzas with buffalo wings, hot & cold subs, calzones, stromboli's, ziti, lasagna, chic parm, spaghetti. Free limited delivery
2	I have ordered from NY pizza lovers 2 times now...First time we ordered a pizza which I thought was ehhhhhh....however my husband enjoyed it....(what does he know about pizza...hes from kansas-lol)Our second time we got a calzone and a stromboli...Never had stromboli before and had no idea what to expect....if a stomboli is tons of bread and very very little inside ...then thats what we got...and ended up throwing away.  Did not care for the sauce it came with....we are not big sauce people...but do enjoy a good sauce...this was not it.The calzone was very tasty....again...not very much filling but what was there was good.  The combination of ricotta and mozzerella was yummy.What I must compliment is the employees....the man I ordered from (owner?) was very nice and delivery time was fair.
5	This place is amazing. The owner (who also makes the food) is a very sweet man and really cares about the customer's wants. I always go here for my pizza. All the sides are fantastic too. Every time I eat here it is top notch! I wish they had more business. Where they are located isn't the best place. They are sort of tucked away and you cannot see them from the main roads (hayden & mountain view). I am writing this review in hopes more people will go here. He needs more business & certainly deserves it.
5	Great welcoming pizza place. Very clean area and friendly staff. Drove by this place and finally decided to stop by. Currently waiting for my food and I love that I can see my food being made and pizza being tossed; feels authentic!
5	Good hand tossed slices. I like that they have oregano there.A good sign.I didn't eat anything else.I've had cheese pizza twice. The guy is nice too.
5	I have not found a pizza in Scottsdale that I truly thought was fantastic.    Those pizzas were good but not great.  I stopped in to NY Pizza Lovers with my family, small place and honestly didn't expect much.  We couldn't have been more surprised and find ourselves now visiting a few times a month.  They even sell by the slice, which is great for the kids.  5 stars!!
5	One of the best pies in town.  All hand made, all fresh, made with care by the owner himself who is one of the most personable guys around.   The Sausage & pepper sandwhich is remarkable, unlike any I have ever had, anywhere.   He has been playing around with the crust of late which I don't think is an improvement from when he opened.   Still one of the best Italian places me & the Mrs go to, and she from NYC and I am from Detroit, and we are both pizza snobs!
5	BEFORE YOU READ ANYTHING: GO HERE. Best pizza place in town BECAUSE OF the great staff (especially the owner) and the great food.This part of Scottsdale really is low on good food. Trust me, it's tough to find a non-chain place worthy of your visit. Desperately craving pizza, I decided to trek to NY Pizza Lovers to try their offerings.The owner is incredibly nice. He really wants you to feel at home, and it wasn't intimidating at all to ask him any questions or for a box or whatever. It was fun talking with him a little bit about his business.The garlic knots were really good, and the pizza was pretty darn close to New York pizza--the best you can get in Scottsdale, for sure. Funny story: a bunch of bratty teenaged kids came in and wanted to order ONE garlic knot. ONE. The owner calmly offered to make them one for 25 cents, which is cheaper than the 6-for-$2.99 deal they have, but he said it would take ten minutes to make another batch. They started whining and left in a huff. Needless to say, the owner simply smiled and showed me that he can handle any type of customer, and he is more than happy to accommodate guests' needs.PLEASE go here if you're reading this. I can't tell you enough. PLEASE give this local business a shot. They have all kinds of pasta dishes as well. Seriously, go! And buy the garlic knots(not just one)!
5	Been craving a slice of NY pie since our trip to the Garden for Phish's NYE run. So glad I found this place. The owner is unbelievably nice and his pizza was exactly what I needed.
3	Just ok...had the salad which was very fresh and tasty. The pizza was just so-so as the crust needed to be much thinner to be considered a NY style. Prices are good. If they could just thin out the crust it would be rated higher.
5	Crust is perfect. Best thin crust pizza in town. Pizza is always fresh when I come to pick up the pizza.  Owner is very welcoming and nice!  Everything is hand made and fresh!
1	Sorry not the best pizza imo,If NY pizza is like this im sticking with Az pizza.Too much dough,barely any sauce,buffalo chicken did taste good.Good thing I used a Groupon(wouldnt been worth the 17.99)then the owner  wanted tax and gratuity on top for buying his pizza,wth?lot of frozen pizza better than this
