3	Red Letter News is a nice, clean adult store open 24 hours.  They have a gigantic collection of the typical dildos and videos.  They also have "viewing booths" and the staff is friendly.  However they don't have a big selection of anything else you may be looking for.  No Kama Sutra products, a very teeny tiny bondage section, no fun little X- rated things for bachelor/bachelorette parties, etc.  Kinda skimpy.  Though their prices are pretty darn good on what they do have in there.
3	Clean and neat with a friendly staff.  I have to agree with the other review that says the selection is pretty sparse though -- what shop like this DOESN'T have a shemale section?If you're new to Madtown and think to look for ANY excitement (even self-inflicted) in the video booth section, you will be sorely disappointed.  The uber-friendly staff will ask you to leave.This place would be better -- and I'm sure they would make more money -- if they got rid of the video booths completely and filled the place with a deeper variety of toys and quality smut.
3	One of my top 10 memories of Madison - when I was 18, I came home for winter break from my freshman year of college. I met up with some of my friends and we went to RLN out of boredom. (We went to high school only a couple blocks away so we were well aware it existed and was open 24/7). We were shocked to find our Vice Principal (and father of a student we graduated in the same class with) perusing the dirty mags. It was extra, super shocking because it was 1am Christmas morning. But to each his/her own. At least he wasn't looking at blow up dolls.
1	My wife and I have been talking about checking this place out for years but since we live out of town it's not that easy to just stop in.Finally we have a chance to check it out last night.... and they're closed for inventory. Judging by the FedEx notices on the door, it's been closed for 3 days. No other info other than a note that says "Sorry FedEx :(" and a cardboard cutout of a scantily clad woman in the glass doorway that's meant to obscure your view of the inside.Maybe one of these days we'll see what it looks like on the inside... if it's not still closed for inventory.
4	Its clean, it's in a convenient location, and the staff is cool and laid back... the only downfall is that they run out of things quickly. They also don't have a big selection, just the basic things that you may be looking for
1	Ah, Red Letter. I heard they got rid of their jerk off booth. Which maybe helps their case of being less skeevy. I'm not really against jerk off booths, but I have heard some crazy stories about this particular one. It didn't seem well monitored. I really hate the selection here and the prices are higher than other's. They seemed to have more fetish stuff than Selective though. So I guess there's that. Overall I'd suggest staying away, Red Letter has a bad rep for a reason.
