1	Cultish and encourages monthly memberships and will charge an extra month when you cancel. Also will charge another extra month after that because their bank "forgot" to remove the draft. The second charge was returned quickly at least. Risky and unsafe to work out, and way over priced. Owner is a nice individual and was great to deal with until cancelling membership, said their financial service couldn't do it any other way, but seemed to me a way to encourage members not to leave as they feel penalized if they do. If you join be wary of setting up drafts. Pay by check or buy buy visits instead of monthly options.
5	I thought Crossfit was only for those who are already active, fit and blessed with good health in general. Well how wrong was I! Coz I don't have either of the above qualities. But here I am writing this review and smiling from ear to ear because I do crossfit thrice a week @ crossfit Southend and I totally love it :-). The amazing coaches, the ever helping and encouraging members, the energetic environment, the best of the equipments,I can go on and on. We even have a special olympic weight lifting coach, a mobility instructor, Free Paleo seminars @ Crossfit Southend. I am a working mom and my day starts and ends with a long 'to-do' list but the one hour that I am at the box I forget about everything, all my worries, all my grudges/regrets and all my 'to-do' list. I recommend Southend Crossfit to anyone and everyone!
5	This place is amazing  Coaches are well trained and offer scaled work outs depending on ability Safety and technique is stressed.  This place saved my life.  I've never been more fit - It will kick your ass tho
5	The hardest part is getting through the front door for the first time.... once you do, if you have any interest in getting healthier, stronger and in better shape, you will love it.  The facilities, equipment and coaches are all top notch.  Especially Stu who will motivate you like nobody else can.  One of the best things about Southend crossfit is that they offer fundamentals classes so athletes can learn how to safely and effectively perform CrossFit workouts.
5	This is a great spot. Knowledgeable coaches offer challenging workouts. There are varied classes giving you the chance to work on different skills. Its tough. Really tough. But its worth it.
5	Awesome gym, awesome coaches, awesome athletes!  I have always been a "runner" and felt I could get myself in shape by running a little bit more if I really wanted to. After training and finishing a half marathon and feeling terrible afterwards I realized I needed to do something different. I joined Crossfit for the first time with Crossfit Southend and I feel great! At CFSE the coaches care more about correct form and proper movements than how much weight you can lift. I immediately felt more confident in lifting knowing my coaches had my back in making sure I had great form before I added more weight.
5	Been a member for around 7 months. I got tired of doing the same workout on my own each day. Decided to give Crossfit a try and it has been by far the best workout I've ever tried. I'm not a big guy and don't plan on being a bodybuilder, but I have been seeing results. I highly recommend this gym. The owner is really cool and he is extremely helpful and knowledgeable. The other coaches are just as cool and helpful. You won't find "meatheads" at this gym either.
