5	This charming little place not only has the BEST custom spray tan around - they can also whiten your teeth and have a rotating selection of adorable summer dresses on the cheap! If you are sick of being orange or baking under the harmful uv rays check this place out! First time clients get a discount! I will never go anywhere else!
5	I am beyond the pale to put it mildly and I was thrilled with the super service, streak-free tan and perfectly believable color that Chris gave me! Got so many people asking me if I had gone on vacation I decided to actual take one!! I have gone back every other week since. The color lasts me about 8 days...longer than any other spray tanI had before. I also really like a more recent formula she used on me that you wash off after only 3 hours.  NICE!!! I did buy the Hemp lotion which smelled great and I think may be helping me hold the color so long. Highly recommend and have told every bride I know about this place!!! Clean, reasonably priced and they have really cute dresses there too...
5	A newbie to the teeth whitening world, I decided to give it a shot when I saw a Groupon that presented a good deal for a 60 minute teeth whitening session.   This is what led me out of my comfortable little Cen Pho box to venture all the way across town to North Scottsdale.  I survived Scottsdale and lived to tell the tale of this great business!     While it's a little far from my usual Cen Pho hang outs, I would definitely recommend it.  It's just off the freeway so it's super easy to access.    The business was easy to find, and there's plenty of parking.  The business itself was very clean and comfortable.  I didn't have to wait, but went right in at my scheduled appointment time.  And they offered Saturday appointments - awesome! I had no idea what to expect, but I knew that I do like my teeth- and had a date lined up for the evening so was certainly hoping that I wouldn't walk out with a mouthful of janky purple and green teeth from a whitening gone wrong... My imagination gets the best of me sometimes!  :-)    The staff were so friendly and explained everything...I felt reassured I would leave with all of my teeth a few shades brighter as promised a la Groupon.   And, that's just what happened! Bring your tunes and headphones, relax in the massage chair (p.s. awesome thinking on that one Designer Shades!) and I'm sure you will leave happy just like me...showing off those pearly whites.  If you see me around and I can't stop smiling - now you know my secret!  It's Designer Shades!!
5	I saw a segment on Sonoran Living about their teeth whitening.  Since they had a special, (yes, I love deals) I decided to get it.  I booked my appointment online and it was so easy.  Later that day, I stopped by to check the place out, it is on the way to my home.  I decided to book an appointment for my hubby, too.  They are so nice and efficient.  You just sit on a comfy chair while they paint the gel on your teeth and them a lamp.  It was a breeze.  I got my teeth all the way to the whitest they have ever been.  I have not tried their spray tan yet, but I am interested.  They also have a little boutique up front with really cute items.
5	I didn't even realize this great spot for a tan was so close.  I actually found them with my Living Social deal.   It's close to home and staff and service was great.  I have a great tan, no streaking and the perfect color.  Just what I wanted.  I love the attention to detail with making sure I wouldn't have any streaking, blotching, etc.Can't wait for my next visit!!!
5	friendly service, good and even airbrush tan, not orange at all. very pleased.
5	This was my first spray tan so I felt a bit reluctant and awkward.  They made me feel at ease.  Very professional and great results.  I will definitely go back.
5	Best spray tan ever!!! Ask for Lisa- she does an amazing job making your tan natural, blended and long lasting. Love this place!
5	Going into the spray tan experience I was a bit apprehensive. I was worried that my skin would look orange or that the tan would look streaky. The people who work at Designer shades made me feel comfortable throughout the experience and the I was extremely pleased with the results of my tan. I can't wait to go back!
5	I have been going to Designer Shades for a little over a year and I have never ever had a bad experience with them. I was a little scared at first to try out spray tanning but now that I have started I am in love. The people at Designer Shades make you feel very comfortable, and the tan looks flawless every time!
5	This was my first spray tan and I loved it! Sherry is very professional and did a wonderful job. The tan looked natural and was a great color. I will for sure return!
5	Definitely money well spent! Got my teeth whitened yesterday. Customer service was great! Both Nicoles were extremely nice. The procedure was pretty simple. It takes an hour, so bring your headphones (however they did have iphone ones for me :) ). Most importantly it really works. I was a 3 or 4 shade of yellow, and I went down several shades to a -2 which was the second whitest. Overall great experience!
4	I found this place via yelp and purchase a coupon for half off a spray tan. It was very easy to book an appointment through their website and they had several times available. The tan itself was fantastic and one of the better ones that I have had. The color was very natural and did not streak or blotch. The girls working were not very friendly but the tan itself kind of made up for the lack of customer service. I would go back but look for a coupon before purchasing a full price tan.
5	I LOVE my airbrush tan! It's is the perfect color, no streaking or blotches. Its been about a week and there is no peeling it still looks great!!
5	I have been going to Designer Shades for my spray tans for a couple of years now. Chris and her staff are always great to work with.  My tans themselves have great color and are never orange or blotchy. They will last 7 to 10 days with proper care and moisturizing. I always get compliments about how natural I look.
1	I visited this salon last Friday and was pretty nervous! I have had the spray tans before from the both but never on from a person. My fears worsened when I met the woman to give me my tan. She look like she has took a shower in the tanner... I am not sure where her eyebrows ended and where her tan began. I asked for a light to medium tan for a photo shoot I was doing. I walked out a little worried because it was a little splotchy. It gradually got darker and darker throughout the day and when i woke up the next day i looked black. I had dark spot on my stomach and she did not move the disposable undies to get an even tan all over so I had a white strip down my crack and around my hips. I was told the tan would last 7-10 days if i used the proper products and took care of it. It is Wednesday and my tan is gone in most spots and my legs now look like giraffe print... I drove a long way to come to this place because of there good reviews and a friends recommendation. I will NEVER go back.Lets hope my Photographer is good at Photoshop.
5	I have been going to Designer Shades for the past couple years.  Nicole makes my paleness go away, but the tan looks super natural!  I won't go anywhere else for my spray tans!
