2	We walked over to Paris Las Vegas from Bally's and found this Steakhouse... We had a vegetarian with us so I asked whether if he would be taken care of - the hostess assured us that he would.  But comes ordering, the waiter had no idea (even though the hostess said she checked) and told him he can order any of the side dishes (no pasta, no mixed veggie plate, just the side dishes).  Ok, I know we are in a Steakhouse, but we asked before seating!The foie gras I ordered as an appetizer was much more veiny than I would have liked... I've definitely had much better.  The steak was great, but not as good as the less expensive one I later tasted at Bouchon.  And like the norms at most Steakhouses, we had to order all the sides (steak came with nothing except a few things of veggie).The other problem was that we first ordered a petit sirah and then a zin ~ the zin was way too sweet as a second wine and the petit sirah was way too dry as the first... And the sommelier said nothing against our ordering (in fact suggested the second wine as a good second wine).Anyhoo, I probably won't be going back considering the thousands of excellent restaurants in Vegas.
2	This place is not worth the price. Fortunately, we did get one entree free (by going to the place where you get cheap show tickets). Our filets mignons were overcooked and bland. The French onion soup was just ok. The dessert was good (les fruits rouges), as was the cappucino.For the price, this place isn't worth it. The staff are very nice, but the food is lacking. Try somewhere else.
2	Intro:I'm beginning to believe that the buffets have better steak than the glam steakhouses on the Strip.Food:Wine:  We asked for a '04 Chateauneuf Du Pape, and the waiter brought an '06.  When I informed the waiter that it's an '06, he tried to convince me that an '06 is just as good as the '04.  Uhm, nooooo buddy.Fresh Oysters:  *sigh*  They only had one kind...and not Kumamoto.  As I slurped up my couple of oysters, I was yearning for Sea Salt, for Hog Island, for Inverness.Foie Gras, served on top of fuji apples and toast:  The foie gras was simply "foie gras", of the fatty and juicy variety, which is just fine by me.8 oz Tenderloin, Oscar Style:  Granted, I've never had my steak Oscar style (a lump of crab and asparagus on top).  I requested to have my steak cooked according to the chef's recommendation, and it was perfectly medium rare.  I probably won't order a steak Oscar style again, but that doesn't mean that the chef's execution was poor.  Quite the contrary.Service:We started on a bad foot with the wine episode (see above).  After that, he did his best to make amends.Overall:Les Artistes probably wouldn't be my first choice restaurant.  The food is decent, but incredibly overpriced - but then again, it's Vegas.
3	I went here with a couple friends on a Thursday night, and much to my surprise it was relatively empty.  Later I was told by my friends that the only reason we came was because they had 50% off an entree from the cheap tickets place, so needless to say my expectations were pretty low.  First off, the atmosphere is very quiet and calming compared to the chaos of the casino outside.  My friends had to catch a Cirque show and the wait staff was great in getting our order and food out quickly.  I ordered a pear endive salad w/ candied walnuts and lobster bisque soup, and my friends ordered the tenderloin steak and scallops.  I have to say the food was quite delicious, particularly the steak and bisque (which had big chunks of lobster in it).  The steak was juicy, tender and cooked perfectly.  I was surprised w/ the variety of cuts they had as well.  All in all, w/ the discount pricing was decent.  I probably won't be going back anytime soon simply because there are a million other restaurants I want to try in Vegas.  If you're staying at Paris or Bally's, definitely check it out and don't forget to get the discount tickets at tix4tonight and to eat the steak!!
4	I'll preface that I WILL NOT eat at any buffet, even on the strip, and that I was visiting this restaurant on a Tuesday night at 10pm.  I'm not sure how this restaurant would be in the middle of a dinner rush, but I was very pleased with my meal and the environment.  After visiting a few other casino restaurants, this one really hit the spot.  Seriously the best Caesar salad I've been had!!!  I also highly recommend the lobster bisque.
4	This is a true fine dining find.... if you get the dinner coupon from the ticket place at the gameworks building.  There were three of us that had dinner there around 7pm and it was not too busy. At first I did not expect it to be so classy but once inside, it was a wonderful, colorful atmosphere. I did not hear the casino machines and it was was a welcome reprieve. With the coupon we were not able to have any crustaceans, but we ate steak and let me tell you... the porterhouse steak was like butter.  I got the small cut but even that was too big to eat it all.  In a city where everywhere you go there is steak on sale for $5.99, this steak was well beyond the flavor meter.  It was cooked to perfection and the side dishes were fantastic.  I had the sauteed spinach with garlic - HELLO garlic!!!  Great taste and they had an excellent wine selection to choose from.  I will be back to this restaurant when I go back to Vegas.  This is an absolute must.  The check for the three of us came out to $140.00 and that was cheap given that we had a bottle of wine, sides, salads and dessert. Make sure you get the 50% off coupon, it only costs $5. per person but you save up to $20. per person.
4	I don't normally remember, let alone call servers in restaurant by their names unless they do a phenomenal job.  Jon and Tony from Les Artistes are rare exceptions.  Friendly without being overbearing, knowledgeable enough to be able to make good suggestions and prompt with our orders (which was greatly appreciated given that some of us had shows to catch).  It has a feel of the real restaurant instead of just being some F&B establishment in amongst endless rows of slot machines (read: Wolfgang Puck @ MGM).  The prime rib was among the best.  So are their side dishes of creamed spinach and sauteed mushroom.  The one which stole the show is the create-your-own mashed potatoes... it gave me an opportunity to be a cook when I don't even know my pots from my pans.  A great find, even better with Tix4Tonight 50% discount.
3	on our first night at paris, we decided to try this place. found out it was entree with separate sides... but it was too late. we've sat down and became too comfy to leave. i dont eat steak.... so i split a chicken dish. ordered wild mushroom resotttttttttto... which was VERY good.. super yummy. we ordered spinach (bland), french fries (yum), and zuchinni sticks. friends ordered some steak and wine and said it was very good. i believe them... tho to me it didnt look so good. the waiter was very nice. made sure my friends were not going to be late for their show. the staff was very friendly and nice. they actually move to the side when they see you coming... unlike some rude ones that just race to get through first  =[  food was ok. but i didnt like my chicken...
5	This has to go down as one of my favorite dining experiences.  We decided it would be our "dressy" night.  Our group of eight got all decked out and met at Le Artistes for dinner.  We waited a few minutes, despite having a reservation but were then quickly taken to the second floor to a smaller room that overlooked the main floor of the casino.  Sitting mere feet away was Jay Leno (who was nice enough to say hello to us as we walked in) so we knew we were at a pretty nice establishment.I ordered the Surf & Turf.  It was unbelievable.  Very good quality and plenty to share!  The wine sommelier was friendly and informative which helped greatly in pairing the perfect wine with my entree.  The service, in general, was top notch.  I would (and have) recommended this steakhouse to many people visiting Vegas.
3	I went here during my first trip to Vegas with my Aunt and Uncle for my 9-month belated birthday. Hey! Better late than never right? Hahahaha.  The drinks were pretty good, the food was a good portion for each of us (although I really loved the tuna my Aunt had), and the wine was fantastic.  Dessert, oh my goodness, really hit the spot, despite that my Uncle and I were getting a bit buzzed toward the end of dinner. Hahahahaha.
5	This is my favorite steakhouse. I've never had steak that melted in my mouth like this. Superb service and the restaurant is just elegant. We sat upstairs. Very romantic spot. perfect for dates. Very pricey but worth it. the side dishes were really full of flavor too.
3	Just like Corinne indicated (11/13/08 review), the steaks are way too overcooked.  I ordered a filet, medium rare, and 2/3 of my steak was too tough to eat!  The only consolation was they had decent wine...
2	vastly overpriced, so-so food, service is OK but not spectacular. Not a good experience. Steak overcooked and sent back.
4	I was late for my reservations but they were quick to help me out. I also had to be somewhere and again they were more then helpful. I also got the reservation by booking it half off. The place is beautiful and in the back of Paris. So I didn't hear the noise of the casino. I ordered a duck entree and the filet mignon dinner :) And a few cosmo's later i was happyThe best part was the dessert. They had the second best creme brulee -the first is in Beligum.  :) Also i heard from my roommate who works there that Les Artistes has the most expensive wine list at Paris. So if your a wino you'll be pleased.
4	Food: ExcellentService: GreatAtmosphere: Warm and InvitingPrice: ExpensiveParty of 10 Monday night business meeting, great atmosphere, able to have a productive conversation during dinner, service was unobtrusive, wine selection was excellent. restaurant was packed hard to tell were in a recession.....Garbage Salad was excellent minus the Salami, Filet was perfectly cooked, side of Garlic Spinach was delicious.Highly recommended!
4	I liked all of my medium rare ribeye!  Actually, I wish I ate all 22 ounces.  I halved mine and switched it with half of my dining partner's halibut.  I expected so much more out of that halibut even though it was light and tender.  She enjoyed the steak as much as I did even though my cousin didn't like his steak.  My brother enjoyed his filet mignon.I really liked my mac 'n' cheese (baked with bits of steak and topped with breadcrumbs).I kinda liked my sauteed wild mushrooms.I kinda liked my sauteed spinach (salty).Sides were scarce and the spinach and mushrooms were served on small silver spoons with servings the size of a deck of cards.  Next time, we'll order sides for ourselves instead of sharing.  Then again 22 ounces of beef is very filling.  We had a bottle of Flora Springs 2006 Merlot.  It had a bold, explosive punch at first sip and fruity flavors enveloped my tastebuds, but it had a dry mouthfeel.Service was very inviting, comfortable, casual and fitted with a smile.  She always checked on us.  I can't say enough good things about our server.  For this alone (along with my steak and mac 'n' cheese) I'd come back in a heartbeat.  I wish I remembered her name.  She had dark hair in a ponytail and was full-bodied like our wine and just as receptive to our wonderful, fun-filled conversations.Remember to give them your Rewards Card!-Reviewed March 21 8:30 PM - 10:30 PM-
2	I ordered the prime rib and it was not hot.  The prime rib lacked any flavor.  The seafood appetizer was very good.  It consisted of large jumbo shrimp, oysters, crab meat, and crab claws.  Service was very slow.
3	I enjoyed my food along with the 50% off from the coupon offered from tix4tonight.  The service was nice, the decor was nice as well.  I'd give this place a 4 if it weren't for the puddle of mush that was my chocolate soufle.  So gross.
4	I enjoyed dinner at Les Artistes. I had the 50% of dinner entree coupon, but be warned that is doesn't apply to EVERTHING on the menu. Our waitress was very friendly though and explained how it all worked and what was available for the 50% off. I ended up ordering the scallops and with the discount it was only $15! They were really good, very flavorful and cooked well. For dessert I had the creme brulee which was also very delicious. I recommend this restaurant, but make sure you get the coupon!
3	This place was descent but i've definitely had better steak before.  I think being in vegas the experience was enjoyable but the food wasn't memorable.
5	I stayed at Paris Hotel when i went to Las Vegas.This steakhouse prime rib was the best steak in the world.
3	they have some of the best french fries i've ever had, and it made it to my blog.everything else were just average, nothing spectacular.
5	I was staying at the Paris & we took a break from gambling to have dinner. Is there 6 stars to rate this place? Service was excellent. Started out with the fantastic shrimp cocktail. Ordered the Filet & Lobster Tail. They took it out of the shell for us. They deboned my buddies fish right at the table. The steak was cooked to perfection medium. Drinks & service were so outstanding we came back the next night for a repeat meal. A+
5	Hint to all wine lovers: if you think that the wine that Paris serves at its main bars is crap, take a seat at the bar in the steakhouse and enjoy a great wine list, served by a friendly, attentive bartender. We closed Les Artistes down one night and we're looking forward to doing it again.
4	Yummy!  My company decided to treat our department to an excellent 4 course meal at this fine establishment.  The first course consisted of oysters (delish!), crab legs, and shrimp.  The 2nd was a choice of a salad or french onion soup (best I've ever had!).  For the main entree, I chose the lobster tail and it just melted right off the tail :) and then the last course was a few select chocolates.  Very impressed with the food quality, presentation, and view (balcony overlooking the casino).The only complaint I had would be the wait staff pretty much kicking us out after the check had been taken care of, which seemed a little rude after having dropped a TON of money for everyone's dinner.If I'm ever back in Vegas and happen to win some serious cash, I'd eat here again.
3	After checking yelp's reviewsBeen there with hubby to celebrate our anniversaryI ordered twins lobster. His dish was steakFoods are good. Lobster is a must tryVery fresh. But atmosphere is nothing specialActually it was disappointingTotal was 190 with tipService was horrible.
1	This is my first time writing a review, and i'm doing so to tell you to stay away from this restaurant.   My wife and I frequently dine at upscale steak houses, and were staying in Paris, so we thought why not try the steak house in the hotel. We saw many of the reviews on Yelp, most of which were favorable.  But having just experienced it, I must say I wouldn't go back even if the meal was free.The room itself is very attractive..... nice and artsy, not like many of the traditional, classic rooms.  But it was very pleasant.  We had a relatively early reservation....7:30, and walked into a mostly empty restaurant.  So where do they seat us?  Right next to bussing station.   Not a great start, but we didn't say anything.  The server was good as were the first items we tried.  The bread basket, escargots and Caesar salad were all good.   But the steak is another story.  My wife ordered the angus NY Steak and I ordered the bone-in NY.  Hers was slightly overcooked and just terrible.  It wasn't just that it had no flavor; it actually tasted bad.  My bone-in NY that was ordered medium rare, arrived somewhere between medium and medium-well.  Jon, our server agreed wholeheartedly and about 10 minutes later returned with another.  This time it was close to raw......far from rare, which I would have accepted and eaten.  So, back to the kitchen for a little more cooking.  The steak finally came out at the correct temperature the third time, but by this time I had no appetitite and all the sides that had been on our table for close to half an hour, were cold and unappetizing.  I did try the steak, and while it was cooked properly, it had hardly any flavor.  I cut a few pieces right off of the bone, where there should have been more flavor, but it just wasn't there.  During the meal, the manager came by three different times, with apologies and a free creme brulee, and they didn't charge for my wife's steak, but even with good service, the disappointment with the steaks was far too big of a letdown to ever consider returning or endorsing this place.  To put it more succinctly, and speaking both literally and figuratively, Les Artistes needs to go back to the drawing board!
1	Priced at the range of fine dinning, but food was sloppy.  My sirloin and mashed potato was too salty.  My guest's fries were over cooked.  Future visit, no thanks.
4	This is one of the more upscale restaurants at Paris and our first dinner of the trip. After seeing the ridiculous lines for the buffet we decided to give it a try. The prices are not cheap and this is definitely part of the new swanky fine dining Vegas. I wasn't that hungry so just ordered the lobster bisque and a Caesar salad. My honey ordered the salmon with a side of mushrooms. Everything was delicious, perfectly seasoned and cooked. The bisque was probably the best I have ever had with large chunks of lobster and a smooth velvety texture. The waiter was a little huffy when he realized that he had forgotten to order the mushrooms which was a little off putting. He ended up not putting them on the bill, which was nice of him. We also go lucky in that it was a featured restaurant for the month of August so all guests of Paris got 20% off. The total bill was only $44 which is a steal for the quality and ambiance of the restaurant. I'd definitely recommend this place but be prepared to spend some cash if you are looking to live it up.
3	i wanted to try this place for awhile now, and i was a little underwhelmed with it.  we got a half off entree ticket at the tix 4 tonight booth.  service was fine, no real issues with that but the food didnt seem to blow me or my wife away in any way.  i probably wont return.  it wasnt anything special.  i would stick with joe's, gallaghers, stripsteak, or the range in the future for my nicer meals out.  if you do go make sure to go to tix 4 tonight and get the half off entree discount.
4	One of the better cuts of meet I have ever had.  We had a private party of 50 there so I really couldn't enjoy the ambience, but the room we had looking down on the casino was sweet.  I will come back here again to try another cut of meat or the seafood.  One lady at our table said the Halibut was the best she has ever had.
2	I went with group of 8... 3 sent food back. Sides were nothing special at all. My bone-in NY steak was good, but not as good as I'd expect in a high-end Vegas steakhouse.Atmosphere was pleasant. Bread was noteworthy. Waiter was helpful. Manager was understanding. Meals were taken off the bill but I won't be back. Not with plenty other fine-dining options nearby.
1	Shemps, much like Moe and Larry's Stooge brother, can be found at Les Artistes Steakhouse. Hailed as a premier restaurant at Paris, three of us decided to give it a taste.Food was really nothing to write home about, let alone speak of (agree w/ Jay S. review)... Our party ordered some steaks and seafood, all failing to meet the price / caliber this restaurant is supposed to be measured by. But, the real treat was the piss poor service.Our waiter came by 2x, once to take the order, and at the end to drop off the bill (a true Shemp). And, we were seated next to 5 foul mouthed teamster types on a wanna-be Soprano's weekender, dropping more 'F' bombs that I've ever heard. Shoot, I'm no saint and use expletives when appropriate (pirate bars, alleys, and family gatherings - preferred), but these mother effers took the cake. Nothing beats 5 fat guys circle jerking to the eff word; I digress.Closing thought: Casse-toi, imbeciles
5	The hubby and I had dinner here for our anniversary and it was everything we love!  The lobster bisque was divine, they split our cesear salad for us (not asked for, just did it!) and the shrimp cocktail was killer in both taste and presentation!  Main course of Filet and Bone-In Ribeye were cooked to perfection with yummy mushrooms for the side.  The service was great with several people checking on us, from manager to server and busser. All were smiley and attentive, just like we like it.  BTW, I had a gorgeous Tuscan blend that paired perfectly with my steak! Excellent way to celebrate our anniversary!
2	Me and my friend figured it's Paris Casino, it should have good steak houses in here. We were walking around and come upon this place, peeked in and it looked all fancy. Thought we had to dress up to dine here. Nope, we went in got a table.  Very fancy inside, white table cloth, peaceful environment. She ordered some dozen oysters and a filet mignon. I ordered the main tail lobsters (2) and some beer, and got a veggie appetizer.The appetizer was amazingly good. Her filet mignon was delicious. The waiter came out with my lobsters and gave me 4 tails instead of 2 indicating because the tails were too small, they gave me 4! I was eating it and the lobster was VERY VERY hard and tasted like rubber. I just ate most of it as i thought this was how it was suppose to taste. It's $79 lobster so it can't be cooked wrong right? Wrong.. My gf asked when the lobster tasted like rubber and the waiter said it wasn't suppose to taste like that. Overcooked. he yelled at the chef and only refunded us $21.They should of refunded us the whole $79 for crappy overcooked lobster where I can get the same crappy lobster at Red Lobster for under $23 !Don't ever eat lobster at a steak house in las vegas, my own fault. haha
1	I went here for NYE with my parents.  Dinner was 95/person.  You'd think with this kind of cost you would get an amazing meal and great service, right? Wrong! My step father had to ask 3 times for a glass of wine.  We had to ask for each course repeatedly.  Is the salad coming? How about the main course? Dinner took 3 HOURS to serve.  And we had to constantly ask for water refills, butter, etc.  500 dollars later, nobody would take anything off of our bill.  They gave us an address and told us to write a letter to management! Food was also just subpar.
5	delicious! I had the seared scallop, side of mushrooms, and onion rings and they tasted so unique and perfect! the seared scallop had risotto, bacon, spinach and some type of fruity sauce and all together was incredible. loved everything I ate! service was great :-) it took a long time to get our food but it was worth it :-Dattire: I saw some people dress casual and some in semi formal but I think it doesn't matter as long as ur not dressed like ur going to the pool
5	Every time we visit Las Vegas we make sure to eat at the steakhouse at Paris. This is our absolute favorite on the strip. We go there mainly for their French onion soup, the best I have ever tasted! Lots of onions, soaked bread, and topped with gruyere cheese. Oh so yummy. But the entrees are to die for as well. I always get the filet and it is tender and cooked to perfection. My husband likes the jumbo shrimp. He usually gets the surf and turf when we go to steakhouses, however, the jumbo shrimp here are so big they fill him up. They have lots of sides that are very tasty. The service is excellent. However this time we had to wait close to an hour for our food. Very unusual for this establishment. The manager visits each table to make sure everything is cooked to perfection. An excellent restaurant!
1	This place is old news and should shut its doors.  While we usually go to MonAmiGabi at the Paris we wanted to try a new spot.  This was a Friday night-prime time between 7-8pm.  NOONE there except four sets of couples in this big ol place.  The ambiance was so sad and depressing.  Food was OK-absolutely NOT worth the price.  Service-waiter had zero personality.  The menu on their website are not the actual costs.  Our steaks were $10-15 more than on the online menu.Anyways, they are hurting and need to update or something.  We wont be back...BUT I do recommend Mon Ami Gabi....as we walked by on our way out the place was PACKED!  We would have saved about $50 going there and getting the same thing.  We know better now.
3	Went for a business dinner.  We had a private room.  Service was pretty good.  I had the dover sole and the mascarpone risotto.  Both were great, and I was happy that I ordered fish in a steak place!  The wedge salad was good, even if not traditional.
4	So every year the group of 11 go to Delmonicos, but last year it left a bad taste in all of our palates.  So, having an Aunt who is 7 stars at Harrahs group, the birthday brother in law chose Les Artistes.  I was hesitant because of some reviews and I think that there are so many steakhouses in Vegas that I thought there would be a better pick.  7 stars does have it's privileges.  The decor is kind of a second thought, some famous works of art (hence name) slapped on the walls, a glass mosaic ceiling and loft.. Odd space.There is no international famous chef names on the door, no michelins, no Beards, but there pretty well should of been.  Oysters Rockerfeller were good (not awesome), shrimp cocktail were nice and huge not overcooked.  French onion soup was just okay, not enough onions, not enough cheese and not baked enough........  BUT the bluecheese crusted ribeye was AWESOME.  Huge cut, perfectly cooked somewhere b/w medium rare and medium, crust was great.  Side of mac and cheese wasn't worth eating though.  My wife's filet was perfect, my father in law ribeye was perfect, lamb chops were great..... it's a steakhouse and the steaks were awesome.
2	Had really high expectations of this place and it was a bit of a let down.My (allegedly) prime piece of beef was tough and sinewy.  It was cooked to my request of medium, but the ribeye was not enjoyable.  It really lacked flavor.The side of fries I ordered were very heavy with grease.  I mentioned this to a manager who visited our table.  All I got was a "sorry you didn't enjoy them."The good news is that it's Vegas and there are a million other places to go instead of coming back here.  As a matter of fact, when I think back to how EMPTY this place was, it seems as thought others have already figured that out.
4	The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is I'm not a fan of the ambiance. It feels very closed off and claustrophobic, this is situated inside of the Paris, so there are no windows or any good people watching. Not to say the place wasn't decorated nicely. My food on the other had was excellent. I have been here twice and both times have ordered the same and shared with my friend, my appetizer was the "garbage salad" and it was excellent. Moved onto the bacon wrapped scallops and the tiger shrimp, when I say the shrimp were as big as the palm of my hand, I'm not joking. The scallops were perfect, none of that sandy gritty stuff you get sometimes. I never made it to dessert, dang it. Oh and I believe they sell half bottles of wine which Is clever. Last tip, if you go to one of the "tickets for tonight" booths around town, for $3 a person they will give you a voucher for here & you get 50% off your bill.
