5	Awesome food. Very fresh pasta. Food was upscale. he tiramisu was to die for.The waitress was friendly and helpful.
4	I've been here twice. Once was four months ago, the other two years ago, so I don't remember a lot. I'll do my best.I was very pleased with my food on both occasions. On both occasions, I was just visiting Montreal, but my uncle lives in Montreal, and this restaurant is one of his favorites. I remember this summer enjoying the lasagna, and my partner got rabbit in a white wine sauce. He and I had never had rabbit before, and we both liked the dish.I hate coffee, but I remember they're tiramisu is -phenomenal-. They actually have ladyfingers soaked in espresso, so I only ate the top half of my piece, but it was excellent.The restaurant itself is beautiful, and there is a very tiny and nice patio out back.
4	I came in here for lunch with the mother of the spouse of a good friend of mine and her daughter as they had proclaimed that this was one of their "go-to" restaurants in Montreal. I can see why. It's a cutesy little trattoria that serves light Italian fare with some great pizza. I had a simple spaghetti with meat sauce and a salad to be followed by a dessert of apple pie. The pasta is made from scratch and was quite wholesome. Service was also good if a little too attentive at times. I'd come back, but since the place is small, I might advise against coming with too many people!
4	Friendly service, great food, reasonable prices for Montreal. I ordered the risotto from the prix fixe menu and was not disappointed. My husband ordered the chicken scallopini and it was amazing. My daughter ordered the tortellini with butter and cheese, and the helpful waiter suggested a half portion. I would definitely go here again.
5	I went there for lunch. This is a cute little restaurant near st catherine like everyone described. I had no time to research on restaurant because I'm on a business trip this time. We were looking for simple reasonable priced pasta for lunch and just stumbled into here. The menu is simple you pick sauce and type of Pasta ( they will advise you if they think it s not a good combo)  I got a cabonara tagliolini, the pasta is a little bit wider than normal, but it's so fresh, and cooked to perfect! My friend got mixed mushroom sauce with tagliolini , and it's just as delicious. We were too hungry and totally forgot to take picture. But if you go to urbanspoon or tripadvisor, there are a lot of reviews and a few pictures.Conclusion: highly recommended and I'll definitely go back to this restaurant when I go to Montreal the next time.
4	This was my first visit with a friend on a Thursday night...This place was really packed (so it was a good sign).  The server came to us right away.  We were seated after a few minutes of waiting.My friend told me that this place does every thing well with a small menu - I agree with this statement.  First, the wine list is small - I tried a Toscan Chardonnay wine before the meal and it was an excellent dry wine  My friend's feedback on the red wine was also very positive.I started with the green salad and it was fresh and the portion was generous.  I tried the braised rabbit as the main meal and I was very happy with this choice.  It was tender with a very flavourful sauce.  The desert of my choice was a tiramisu and it was fresh and quite original.The noise level of the place was the only reason I didn't give it a 5 star rating: it was somewhat distracting to hear the conversations around you.  The tables were set up very close to each other.I will visit again.
