5	Absolutely outstanding! Dud and his group were super knowledgeable and helpful. Didn't try to push anything on us, but gave us lots of free samples to try. Super knowledgeable in how to direct us for diabetic dog, etc. went out of their way to make it a very fun shopping experience!  The rep for BLUE was there and was also extremely helpful. Even helped us find a pet sitter who was right in the store.  Would definitely go back. Beautiful store and people. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5	Great customer service and good selection of quality products. Even have a groomer on staff now that is pretty good
5	Great place for all the furry critters, Great staff and owners all treat us so nice when we shop here...
5	Petz place is always overwhelmingly helpful when it comes to my furry friend. The groomers are amazingly sweet, and always making sure the place smells fresh. They're immediately solving the problem when there is an odor in the store. In shopping for my pet grooming needs, the salespeople gave me a great recommendation for my olde English Bulldogge who sheds a ton. Today I was just looking for some treats for my dog and I was approached by 3 different sales people asking if I needed assistance. It felt great knowing there's always someone ready and willing to help if I have a question. Not always the case when at petsmart. Great experiences I've had here so far!
3	Don't get your dog groomed at Petz Place in Goodyear AZ. They butchered my golden retriever. We asked them to trim her feathers & they cut them off. I am so angry I don't trust myself to talk to them. It wouldn't do any good they've already made my poor pup look horrible. Find a groomer who knows what they're doing.
5	I've previously used Pet Club but this place puts all other speciality pet places to shame.  Incredible and caring service, an amazing selection of high quality dog food and surprisingly reasonable prices.  They also have a drive thru and a reward program that gives you a free bag after 12 purchases.
1	Groomer does a great job but their prices are so inconsistent. I used to get charged $40 per dog then it went up to $45 then now, they just tried charging me $50 - this in a matter of 6 months!  RIDICULOUS!!!
