4	I have nothing but great things to say about this office. I personally have had a fear of the dentist as far back as I can remember, so finding one that has been so patient, kind and overall satisfied with every visit is a relief. My Oral Hygenist is absolutely a doll and made my deep cleaning stress free and painless. Dr. Susman, my main dentist there is also genuine and caring, and through all my questions, has been very informative, helpful and responsive. I'll be back to have two wisdom teeth pulled by my Oral Suregon Dr. Lilien, let's hope I like him after were done with the process. lol
4	Easy to schedule, get a courtesy call day before so I don't forget my appointment.Friendly front desk staff : Attore is my fav bc she helps me feel at ease and is always willing to help customers.Does not take as long as other dentists.Get in, get my X-rays, teeth cleaned, get a consultation, and get out.Dr. Lillien pulled all four of my wisdom teeth out.**oral surgeries are only available Tuesdays**Took about a week to recoup,Plenty of painkillers prescribed.I went under, and there were no complications.Oral surgeries are only done on Tuesdays.Recommend early morning surgeries because they make you fast for 8 hours. (no water, no food for 8 hrs!!)Only complaint is that it took 3 tries to get the IV in my arm right. :/Cries
5	Wohooo...As good as it gets....is all that really needs to be said about this establishment....but I will add a few tidbits so you will understand that if you ever need to visit the dentist's office this is the only place to come. 1.) Fantastic Customer Service....everyone from the receptionist to the dentist.....are Fantastic.2.) Wonderful office experience and state of the art equipment will have you in and out in no time with you feeling like you know what's coming next and thorough knowledge of all of your options.3.) MY HYGIENIST MICHELLE HAYES IS OUTSTANDING....EDUCATED...AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER AS YOUR HYGIENIST. SHE TAUGHT ME HOW TO FLOSS PROPERLY AND SHE IS UPFRONT AND HONEST ABOUT MY ENTIRE EXPERIENCE.I am surprised there are only 2 reviews for this establishment....but don't be fooled by that my fellow Yelpers this place deserves yelp's highest honor for medical facilities. I usually don't like going to the dentist...but who does right? I have to say though I have an appointment in 4 months to see Michelle again....and I CAN'T WAIT....I mean I truly enjoy going to the dentist now....I mean this place is really "AS GOOD AS IT GETS"  Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends and then visit Elegant Smile Dentistry.
3	Friendly staff and clean office.From what I have seen, somewhat frequent turnover with the Dr.'s I've had.Right now I have Dr. Susman, she's concise, to the point, compassionate, easy to understand.Oral surgeon Dr. Lillien does his job well, I got my wisdom teeth out without complications or infections later.Healed up pretty well.Scheduled out pretty far so difficult to get an appointment in if you have specific avail abilities.Certain staff could use more training on procedure and techniques to expedite the process and minimize x-ray radiation time.Julie is doing a breast cancer walk, so donate (personal check) and get teeth whitening kit for 99 dollars.About staff:Kendall is very friendly and professional.Noreen seems like she could use more training (quite a few x-ray retakes with bite tabs), but she was friendly overall.The process took a bit longer than I anticipated.Suggestions:Train the staff thoroughly, with technique and procedure so it can speed up customer service. especially with bite tab as well as the other kind (the red circular one). Customers like to minimize their radiation exposure time : )Clean office and helpful reception staff. Dr. Susman was to the point and very clear about wahts going on and what to do next.downfall:Scheduling can be somewhat difficult if ppl have specific avail abilities but in general, reception staff is very helpful
2	NT
4	This is a great dental office, the staff is very friendly and office provides a welcoming atmosphere.  When it comes to dental work and cleaning they are on top of their game no issues at all getting in for check ups or emergencies, but it can be difficult to get a cleaning appointment scheduled. I guess that tells you how good and popular they are.
5	I have been going here for the last 5 years, after two miserable experiences with other dentists in Phoenix.  This is the best practice that I have ever gone to!  The people are friendly and professional.  The services provided are excellent!!  Dr. Susman is super.  She's pleasant, quick and does great dental work.  RoseMary, my dental hygienist, is the best.
1	My husband has been a patient of this dentist for a few years. He recently had to have oral surgery and was sent to their office at 702 E Bell Road. When I called to ask a question later on in the day, the receptionist bit my head off and said he hadn't been in their office. She raised her voice with me and he HAD been in there several hours earlier. Then my husband called them back the next day regarding his bill and again, she was so rude and could not wait to get him off the phone. I think her name is Caitlyn (not sure how she spells it). Hey Elegant Smile, we will not be back to your practice. Do yourself a favor and get a new receptionist.BTW the office at 4555 E. Bell is much nicer, however they missed an issue he was having so that is why he ended up having the oral surgery. I would skip this place. There are a lot of other dentists in the valley to choose from.
5	Nobody likes to go to the Dentist right? Well people I found a place that treats you like family and that alone makes the anxiety melt away! Dr. Nadella and the staff at An Elegant Smile does just that! I was only there for an x ray until they found out my insurance does not kick in until April 1st. Well they still treated me like a brother instead of a "This guy has no money kick him out"! I am counting down the days until April 1st and I will be sitting in Dr. Nadella's chair looking forward to a knowledgeable Dentist fix my teeth! Thank You All at AN ELEGANT SMILE at 4550 E. Bell Rd. Bldg 8, STE. 178, Phoenix, AZ. 85032.....602-494-3000. Thank You Dr. Nadella and the entire staff! See you April 1st!!!Tim Sand
5	An Elegant Smile Dentistry was GREAT! After an unfortunate procedure with another dentist, An Elegant Smile took me in and helped fix the infection I had in a tooth. Not only did they accommodate me last minute, they also were very understanding with my financial situation and helped me with a payment option so I could get my tooth ache taken care of properly. The facility is wonderful! Very clean and the staff is friendly and helpful! I also thought it was neat that I received a text message reminder for my next appointment. I happened to be at work and was able to respond within minutes without having to step outside to make a personal phone call. I would recommend this facility and its staff. Dr. Foreman was great and walked me through my procedure telling me when he would be doing things and always made sure i was doing okay. Again, my experience was great and i would recommend this facility and its staff!!
1	The last time I went for a cleaning here, I was brought to a room in the back and sat down on the dental chair.  30 minutes goes by someone finally comes in and she seemed nervous and I'm not sure she ever performed a cleaning before.  She kept shooting the water pic down my throat during the cleaning and even sprayed me in the face a few times. She appeared to be constantly looking over at her  cell phone for messages.  When she finally completed, I had to wait another 25 minutes for the dentist come in to check my teeth, which took all of 2 minutes.I don't think I'll go back to this location.  Unfortunate because I had some previous "acceptable" visits in the past and the front desk personnel are always polite and professional.
