4	I went to the Family Music Center last night to see the musical "Oliver" in their performance section at the back of the store.  While waiting for the house to open, I browsed the instruments throughout the store and had great fun.  In the front of the store, there was a square grand piano.  I later learned from one of the sales staff that this type of piano was not made after the late 1800s so this was a museum piece.  The story of why they were made square was quite interesting.There's another room in the building that has a large number of pianos.  Another had violins while yet another had guitars.  I had some fun plucking the strings on a banjo to see what sounds I could make. I know why I never became an entertainer!This store has a lot of music related items.  In the back, get your guitar picks, your guitar strings, and any sheet music you need.The performance area is a 100 seat venue.  It's quite nice with comfortable chairs.  Sight lines from anywhere are great.  There are many shows going on here.
4	I had to rent a violin for my 4 year old daughter and Phil was very helpful.  He measured her and found the right violin, and prepped the bow with rosin.  The process took a little longer than I expected.  I had to fill out some credit check paperwork to make sure I don't run off with a violin that I am paying only $15/ month to rent.  The down payment was 3 months minimum, and by then, I am sure my daughter will outgrow this one and need the next size.  Crossing my fingers she will actually want to continue.  The store itself is very large with various types of pianos to greet you at the entrance.  There are also smaller rooms within the store that house the violins and cellos, and another that has the guitars and flutes. They also have a large selection of sheet music and lesson books.  I suddenly had flashbacks of my piano days.  The staff that I encountered were very friendly and helpful. (Thank you Phil and Alex).    Throughout the store, you can hear beautiful piano music playing. If you have always wanted to learn to play an instrument- check this place out! They also offer lessons.  *Tips: "Like" their Facebook page to get 10% off your purchase.  And note that they do not accept American Express.
5	The long haired saleman sorry we forgot his name, But he is in the guitar department He has been so helpful to my husband and I.He is polite honest and goes far beyond the call of duty. A great person with excellent social skills besides being a great tecnician too!He even gave us a great deal on a piano.We love you!
3	Paid for 3 lesson a week.  2 for piano with Greg - who by the way is an excellent teacher and 1 for guitar.  Guitar lessons were hit and miss.  Piano was very structured. Family music lessons were quite pricey!  Had to quit taking lessons and owner did not want to refund any of my prepaid amount for lessons got the last 1 1/2- 2 months. It was convenient to take lessons at same time and purchase products but beware of prices.  We took lessons for over 6 months and pricing wAs different the few quarters I paid. I didn't pay attention at the time.
