4	Pasquale's Pizzeria is a local chain that serves up your standard menu of pizza, salad, wings, et cetera, all with a big smile and at a low price.  The pizza is at its best fresh out of the oven, and hits all the right notes: crisp but not brittle crust, gooey molten cheese, tomato sauce with hints of natural sweetness, and a goofy contented grin on your face after you've devoured your first slice.  The boneless wings are my favorite, though: get them dusted with seasoned salt and get your wing sauce on the side, and the package is dynamite (or at least, given the binary nature of the seasoned salt-dusted wings and the sauce on the side, it's Tannerite ...).The staff are of special mention here.  The lady who owns the place is very sweet, very motherly, and makes an effort to get to know each and every one of her customers.  The mom-and-pop store vibe, in other words, is as real as it gets.  The place is always quiet and peaceful -- given the fact that it's not particularly near anything (other than the Bettis plant), this makes a lot of sense.  Part of me wishes they were at a more advantageous location so they could get the business I think they deserve, but another part of me is glad that they're in such a secluded area -- it's nice to be able to sit in peace and eat your food without having to yell just to be heard by the person sitting next to you.If you live anywhere within their delivery radius, I heartily recommend them.
5	This is my favorite pizza in pittsburgh. My husband and I were doing the 'Pittsburgh best Pizza' from 2012 and this is by far better than any on that list! Also, if you sign up for the reward club, they send you greatCoupons in your email. We literally get pizza here every weekend!
4	One of my absolute favorite local pizza places!  They're spectacularly friendly, and the pizza is fantastic!  Normally, I don't expect much from a plain 'ol pepperoni pizza, but that's pretty much my staple here.  Wings are great & the sandwiches are very tasty!  I'm not sure if I order pizza too much, or they're just that awesome, but whenever I call they remember me (not just pretend to)! They actually make you feel like family (or at least that crazy neighbor who's welcome to come in at any time without knocking)!I definitely recommend signing up for the rewards club! The regular perks you get through that, combined with the specials that they offer (right on the menu usually), put their price-point easily below any of the chains nearby, AND it tastes WAY better!Thanks, Pasquale's for being awesome!  Keep doing what you do!
