4	Close to work, I am so pleased that Presto Cafe has opened a Henderson location at Stephanie and the 215, offering their healthy options on this side of town.  If you've never been to the Presto in Southwest Vegas, you probably don't know that PC offers up breakfast, sandwiches, coffee, smoothies, juices, salads, and pides (Turkish flatbread, pronounced 'pee-day').  There are vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free items on the menu, something for everyone.  I met Shirley B. here for a late lunch and we both had sandwiches, turkey for me and the vegetarian for her, plus she had their beet salad.  Both sandwiches were a nice size, easily big enough to have one half now and the other half later; that's what Shirley did, but I was piggish and ate the whole thing there.  Consisting of turkey, applewood bacon, cheddar cheese, avocado, tomato, lettuce and mayo on a toasted cranberry walnut bread, PC's turkey sandwich is an especially hearty and tasty version of an item that tends to be boring at most places. Located in the same shopping plaza as Gold's Gym, I'm sure the fitness fanatics are happy that PC is here, too.  It's also right next door to Gimme Some Sugar, so if you want to be fit first, then a little fat later, you can kill two birds with one stone.  Open from 8:00am-8:00pm daily.
3	Hopefully this place gets better and better as time passes.. Solid 4 stars for the food but gotta give them a 2 for service at my first visit...Tried to call in food, for I only have a 30 min break, but phone line only kept ringing.. Since it's very close to work I didn't think it would take any longer than 15 mins to get in and get out.. Boy was I wrong! 35-40 minute wait for my Greek Salad and Hanger Steak!!! Two ladies that may have been there way longer before me didn't get their food until 20 mins of putting my order in..May I add that the three of us were the only customers there.. One thing I noticed was quite a handful of people walked in to ask for a physical menus but PC did not have them.. Yet? .. So they had walked out..Let's talk food :($6) Greek Salad - (coworker had this item) HUGE portion! Fresh and tasty.. Except the fact that they forgot the vinaigrette ..  ($14) Hanger Steak Chimichurri - comes Truffle Israeli couscous, risotto style. Steak was tender, cooked properly and the couscous was creamy. I did find the chimichurri to have tasted more like pesto ..Overall satisfied with the food but I was just disappointed of the long wait.. I get the whole soft opening, training, they're new part.. But 35 mins is just way too long..I'll be giving them another chance in a month or so..
4	Barely open less than a week and I've been here three times already! There's no doubt Im really diggin' this new cafe.  If you worked up an appetite at the gym nearby, they have great healthy options for you here! When I feel like a carnivore or not , they've got it covered too. What appealed to me was the superfoods like Kale, Beets, and Quinoa in the salads and the artisinal breads and cheeses used for the sandwiches.  All healthy, fresh ingredients, and mega delish! My orders so far have been salads, their vegetarian sandwich and custom made juice. The prices are inexpensive, my meals so far have averaged $11. That's pretty good for a place that specializes in healthier choices. You know my gripe about healthy smoothies and juices that cost as much as my lunch. (ahem PH) Well here it's much more reasonable.  So you healthy smoothie fanatics might want to try it for sure. Nice variety of salads in their cold case display that you can choose from. Sold by the scoop starting at $2.75 depending on which salad you get. You can add side of protien to it also.  Scoop equals about a small bowl portion and it didn't leave me starving. The first time I was there I got two different salads and couldn't finish it.  == Mint Vinaigrette== what a novel idea for the the Kale, Quinoa, Cranberries, Cashews, Feta salad! Dressing light and compliments with the Kale. And Beets, and I detect Oranges? Something citrusy. Ingredients are the perfect engery/refuel booster before or after your workout at the gym.The Tandoori Chicken with mango and coconut and Cauliflower Kale with raisins are the more exotic creations spiced with curry...and you know I love yellow curry.Meatless Monday I got the Vegetarian Sandwich. So good even non vegetarians like me love it. This one was roasted eggplant, roasted red peppers, GOAT CHEESE, olive tapanade on a 9 grain bread. Just BRILLIANT!The cafe is pretty chill. Dining area cafe style with just a few tables and high-tops and a picnic bench outdoors if you dare to eat out there in this heat.  Service dining in has been cool so far. Order and pay first at counter. They'll bring food out to your table. Our orders came out in a timely manner. I didn't order anything that needed to be grilled or cooked though. The staff has been really nice and friendly. They already recognize their regular customers . They need to hurry up and get that ice tea or brewed tea in. Im not a fan of carbonated sodas and a cheaper alternative to juices and smoothies would be nice. A paper take out menu would be handy too. I was told to look it up online but not everyone is capable of looking it up. Those are some small kinks they need to work on based on my visits. They are just four days into their soft opening phase. Word of mouth spread thru the crew from Gimme Some Sugar next door is how I found out! Go figure! Looking forward to even more visits now that I can have healthy eats then sweet treats right after.
5	So happy to have this healthy eatery option right by our house.Hubby & I went for an early lunch today. I was craving a fresh juice, he wanted to try one of their smoothies & we thought we'd share something as well. I got the Veggie DeLite Juice, hubby got the Morning Fix smoothie & we shared the Ahi sliders with a scoop of the Ahi salad. Everything was great & I can't wait to go back & try some more of the menu items! The hangar steak chimichurri & pan-seared salmon are at the top of my list & the sandwich options all seemed pretty decent as well. There wasn't anybody else eating there while we were there. I think 2 people came in tho, 1 for coffee & 1 asking for a menu which they didn't have. I really hope this place does well, it's tucked away in a shopping center that doesn't get too much traffic. Def bookmark this place & make it one of your regular stops, we need more restaurants like this!
5	Always been huge fan ever since the first Presto Cafe open near my house. When I heard they open another one on the opposite side of town in Henderson. Hell yay! Can never have enough of good thing in life. Best part is both locations is located off 215 so got north and south side of town check and double check. I was going with my favorite either the turkey or reuben sandwich. I figure new location mark try something never had before. I went with the Meatball Sandwiches. Three Meatball sliders. Anyone would be crazy not too get scoop of one of the Presto salads. My go to is always the israeli couscous salad. I love the combination of the mushrooms, perfect couscous, and some truffle oil tossed in with some herbs. I could order three scoops and be in couscous heaven with nice bowl. The Meatball sliders too be honestly VERY surprised the way it turned out. Comes too my sandwich at Presto have my fav and meatball sandwich meatballs nothing gets me personally excited. I ended up having was three amazing sliders! The brioche mini buns (always wrote that sandwich starts with the bread filling second) awesome. It had the nice crust on the outside, moist on the inside, and any slider combination would be the bomb with those buns. The meatball is very tasty. It nice nice depth of flavor and seasonings. Combine just right about of pomodoro sauce (pet peeves overkill on tomato sauce in meatball is recipe for disaster), the cheese, and right about of bread. Some of the best sliders I have had in sometime. I never been too the more upscale meatball restaurant. You pay price of one meatball that can get three meatball sliders. I can tell you would take some Presto Cafe Meatballs hand down over the pricey name brand. I love small business owners and seeing Presto grow from one too two restaurant. Awesome. The food totally felt like it was the same quality getting at the other location. They are some differences besides the obvious location. The display for the salads are little different. I prefer the other location only because you have more choices and  looks more appealing nicely lined up side by side. This location not as much in bigger containers, two different levels, and different vibe. Thankfully the quality is still as good as it gets. The new location hold more people in the restaurant. The interior design much more of open kitchen look and seems brighter with the paint color scheme. They do have wi-fi. I not sure if the other location has since I never used it at Presto. The customer service was awesome. We lucked out Suzy H and I after training day no one in the place just us. Forget mention recovery meals Presto Cafe is great! Come too think of it need make list. Recovery meals that kick ass... I will be back again.
5	New joint near my work and decided to give them a try. Place is decent. You could dine in or have it for take out. The customer service is excellent. We ordered Steak Hanger and Seared Salmon... ((0-o)) I'm in love!! The Steak was tender and It was perfectly made!My wife had the salmon and she was satisfied...(picky eater). They also serve smoothies, pizza, sandwiches etc...Came in the 2nd time and ordered "Ham and Cheese Please" and "Tuna Slider". Man! To die for !!!!! My mission now is try everything on their Menu!!!
4	This is my second time here this week! Everyone is super nice and the good is delicious. I have had a meatball pide and the no pasta lasagna. Both excellent. The food is cooked to order and whe you receive it, it is nice and hot. The portion sizes are very generous and good for sharing multiple dishes.
1	Incredibly slow! Service sucks! People couldn't care about how slow! It's lunch time I don't want to wait 30 minuets after I paid $60 for my family to go to lunch! They need to get their stuff together! You can't be slow and expensive!!!!
1	This review does not reflect my fellow Yelpers recommendations as I do value their observations and insight.   Basically this restaurant will fail as the owners have no clue how to run a kitchen let alone a restaurant.   When I walked in for lunch there were only 8 customers.   However I had to wait 5 minutes to order because Matt (one of the owners) couldn't figure out how to ring a credit card transaction.   Then it was my turn and without saying a word he walked away into the kitchen.   The young lady also behind the counter saw this and ran over to help me.  Ok....the ordering was easy then it all blew up.While waiting for my food which never arrived BTW...about 20 customers came in and the kitchen was thrown into chaos.A 2nd owner showed up and was trying to help but as they were finally getting food out all the orders were wrong.   Did either of the two guys say anything or even look at their customers?  NO.  It was left to the young lady to handle the grumbling which was growing in frequency.   Since it is an open Kitchen I could see that they didn't even have a system to prioritize the orders.   The young lady simply slapped them onto the vent hood on top of each other so you couldn't tell what to prepare first.  Having worked my way through graduate school in a few restaurants, prioritizing your orders is basic 101 stuff.So my check was rung in at 12:59:50....and at 1:40p I still had no food like a lot of other folks.  I got up and left.   I felt that since they were so disorganized and obviously oblivious to basic customer service that it would be a hassle to get my $13.39 back.  So they have my $ and I had a Nature Valley bar back at my office.   Never had a chance to taste their food and never will.  I will not go back.   Waiting 40 minutes for food is unacceptable at a lunch counter.
5	This is what Henderson has needed for awhile.  Fresh pressed juices and gluten free culinary fare. The owners were personable and made my family and I feel like we were family. Everything is delightful including their delicious pides, sandwiches, and fresh salads with their products coming from locally owners venders that utilize sustainable practices. In addition, I am addicted to the morning fix smoothie. Bravo Presto!
5	Presto Cafe offers a unique variety of sandwiches, salads, pides, and smoothies that will make you excited for lunchtime again!  They use fresh and flavorful ingredients that satisfy your pallete and wont let you crash later.  My favorite item on the menu is the Turkey Sandwich, it is totally awesome and something I could eat over and over again. Great service and a great atmosphere too... Check this place out!
5	Food and service were fantastic. Reza greeted us at the counter and offered suggestions and general insight to their product/mission. We ordered the Greek pide and a spinach and farro salad. The salad was delicious. The veggies (spinach, radishes, asparagus, scallions) were all fresh and had great texture and crunch. The pide was a show stopper. The pesto 'sauce' contains kale, Spanish, and cashew that add additional nutrients and creaminess. The crust has no white flour and apparently is higher in protein....healthy! We were told this pide would be best split and would be around 600 calories per serving.  Very delighted with this experience and will be back soon!
5	I have been a long time Presto fan and with most places its hard to transfer the same quality that you fall in love with from 1 store to another. Well they did it. I love the meatball sliders and recently became a huge fan of the breakfast burrito. Little known secret your allowed to add the steak which takes it to another level. Reza the owner really knows how to make you feel good when you come in and i cant be happier for the new location. Best Of luck.
5	You know that moment where life just feels so good? That's what eating at Presto is like.Popped in for lunch with a coworker on the recommendation of several friends who have been to the Rainbow location. This spot is clean, the menu has great options for anyone because the food is just like comfort food, and healthy!I ordered the BBQ Chicken Pides. Kind of like a pizza but with a waaay better crust. It was thin, chewy, not dry and not greasy. Just right.The best part is that the Pides doesn't give you that awful food coma feeling.Can't wait to come back! It's the perfect meal! The owner Reza is super nice and loves when customers walk in. When I met him, he was so enthusiastic about the menu and the food.
5	My new favorite spot and so close to my house!!! Everything is so great!!! I think I've had pretty much everything on the menu too!!! The avocado ad pea salad is my favorite. Great selection for any kind of eater with any kind of diet limitations.
5	I tried the Greek Pide and Steak & Eggs Both dishes were fresh made and delicious!! The staff was super friendly I will be a regular here
5	I have been to the original on Rainbow and Trop but this was my first time to the new location. The menu was updated and had some new additions. I decided to try the breakfast burrito but I added hanger steak! Wow! This was incredible, I couldn't put it down. Also got one of their famous Pides... I am a huge pizza lover but this blew away any pizza and it was healthy! I will recommend this place to all my friends.
5	I took a group of 6 friends on opening day. It was perfect! There was only a couple of people there so we were able to join a few tables together and we ate like the knights at the round table. It was awesome! We all got smoothies starting with the Just Peachy, which my friend Neal absolutely loved. Elias, Rosy, Carlos and Cynthia all got Brain Powers and as for myself and Kyle, we got some Tropical Wake up(my favorite with banana, pineapple, mango, and coconut water). Reza is such a great host! He gave us suggestions for pides (pea-days) and salads. Kyle cant have gluten so he paired him up with some Chicken Tandoori salad and Pickled Beet salad. Reza even gave the table the Seasonal Ahi Tuna salad, that now has us coming back for more every time! We also ordered the No Pasta Lasagna (PHENOMENAL) and the Green Eggs and Ham, which you just have to try to believe it! The whole experience left everyone happy and satisfied. Thanks guys for having a spot where healthy meets tasty. You guys rock!
5	This place is great! I had their breakfast burrito and a glass of veggie juice from the juice bar. It was all great! Very reasonably priced, fresh and delicious! I highly recommend it. The staff was also very welcoming and helpful!
5	I have found my next favorite place to eat. I had the vegetarian sandwich and it was almost perfect. For a drink I had the peach smoothie which was also excellent. My friend had the Anush bean soup and said it was very good.  Prices were more than reasonable and the service was excellent. We went there on a Sunday afternoon and had no problem with finding a seat immediately. You have to order your food at the counter but it was delivered to our table.
5	For my 100th review I wanted it to be some place awesome! Presto Cafe sure fit the bill. I got the chance to finally check out their new Henderson location this afternoon with my husband Joel. When we walked in we were immediately greeted and asked if this was our first time in. He gave us an overview of the menu and told us some popular dishes. Everything sounded amazing. I love that they serve breakfast all day. They also have some tasty sounding smoothies. In the end Joel ordered their Meatballs and I ordered the Ham & Cheese Please. We decided to share them. Joel's meatballs were so moist and tasty. He got three meatball sliders. The pesto mixed well with the homemade meatball and sauce. The buns were soft and melded perfectly with the meatball. My Ham & Cheese Please was out of this world delicious! It was piled high with Black Forest Ham, gruyere cheese, the most amazing pickled cranberry and blueberry compote, Funyuns, field greens, and chili mayo all this greatness on a bacon and cheese bread. Omg this was like the best sandwich ever!! They should totally bottle the pickled cranberry and blueberry compote. All the items in the sandwich really complement each other. This is truly an epic sandwich. Side note totally unrelated to the food or the chef.... While enjoying our meal I couldn't help but over hear, who I thought was the owner,  loudly making negative remarks to his friends about a similar competing business in the area (I'm not going to say which). Just a reminder to keep it classy. :) With all that said I'll totally be back in to try all the other wonderful things on the menu.
5	I used to think healthy fast-food was an oxymoron. And then, I ordered take-out from Presto! Yum!I had the turkey club sandwich. The cranberry walnut bread they use made this sandwich 5-star worthy.My husband ordered the steak risotto salad, & it was even better than my sandwich, if that's possible?!The finishing touch was the smoothie I ordered. A few days after I ate here, we went to Rachel's Kitchen. A restaurant with a similar menu, but definitely not similar service! My experience at Rachel's kitchen was abysmal! I'd recommend this place 1000 times over Rachel's Kitchen.
4	My husband and I tried Presto for the first time today and we really liked it! We had the ahi tuna sliders (delicious) and the Greek pide (also very good). I had never had pide before and really enjoyed the non-greasiness of the crust. I like pizza but I always end up using a million napkins to soak up the excess grease so the pide was such a great alternative for me. The service was good (I read a lot of complaints so I was a little worried it would take forever). My only complaint was that they pre-make all the salads and keep them in a cooler.  I initially wanted to order the ahi salad but I came to pick up the food around 3pm and I just didn't think the salad would be as crisp since it was sitting all day as if they made it fresh to order. I didn't try it though so I can't judge. All in all it was a nice lunch and I'm glad we have a healthy restaurant so close to home!
5	Friendly staff and great food. I've been here after the gym a few times. I ordered the vegetarian lasagna and a smoothie. I couldn't even finish it! So so good. Today I got an ahi tuna salad. So fresh and colorful :) they have vegetarian options which is also a big plus!
4	Was in town for the weekend, and stopped by this new spot! It has healthy, fresh made food that is really good and affordable. I ordered the turkey sandwich which is super good on the cranberry walnut bread it comes with. I also had a side of their kale quinoa salad that is pretty tasty. Their pizzas look amazing too!
4	So glad Presto Cafe opened on this side of town. I have had their food before and wanted to try something new. I had the following:Tandoori Chicken Salad- one scoop was plenty to split as an app. Flavorful chicken with mango, cucumbers, onions, papaya and coconut. Each ingredient played a role in the dish without one overwhelming anotherAhi sliders- three sliders with a cabbage slaw and sesame ginger sauce. I like ahi  sliders and these were good. I would order them again.No pasta Vegetarian Lasagna- my wife ordered this because I wasn't brave enough and I'm glad she did. Filled with sweet potato, kale  and eggplant and topped with a delightful creamy sauce this dish was legit and it was gluten free. We were greeted by the staff when we entered and were asked if we have been there before and they offered to help with any questions we had.
5	I tried the Ham & Cheese Please & a Wake Up Smoothie & both were equally an absolute delight. My favourite element of the Ham & Cheese Please was the pickled blueberries & cranberries it really made the sandwich stand out.The service was amazing with all the staff very friendly & eager to help with any questions I had about the menu. I'll definitely be gracing this establishment frequently to work my way through the menu & I highly recommend it to all you other fellow Yelpers.
3	Three stars seem fitting. There really isnt much to say. It isn't great and it isn't horrible. Their prices are a little high, their portions are kind of small. It does take a while to get your food, but I guess that is a good thing because it means what you are getting is freshly made. If you are looking for something healthy and don't really know where to go, it is worth the try.
4	Great healthy fresh food. Made to order but the downside is the wait. I've tried the ahi tuna seasonal salad and it's amazing! The smoothies are fresh and aren't overly sweet. Decent portions considering the quality of the dishes. The meatball sandwich is really good and is great for comfort food:) Perfect place for a post gym workout meal.
2	Having read reviews on Yelp on Presto over the weekend I had made a mental note to give it a try.  As it turned out finding myself hungry I was about to pull into Highroller for a Fig it Out Burger but remembered I was also in the vicinity of Presto as well.  A quick U turn I couldn't be more delighted to find an actual full shady spot at 4 pm.  I'm a big fan of being greeted upon entering with a hello  at least in smaller establishments such as this so I was smiling from the git go!  There were fewer than ten customers and no line when we arrived.  Had I not read the reviews on Yelp I wouldn't have known about the salad by the scoop, or what a Pide was or how it was pronounced.  This place really has a WONDERFUL business concept.  The niche it fills has a tremendous potential for SUCCESS especially with its location.  I doubt that they could have found a more ideal location UNLESS...it had a drive through window for quick juice, or Smoothie Pick ups or such.  Comfortable seating was comfortable.  My daughter chose a smoothie and was very pleased with it.  Giving me a taste I found the flavor balance of ingredients to be very well thought out.  Ginger can easily be over done....but this was very well done!  My order of Greek Pide arrived and looked yummy and the ingredients Grape Tomatoes Basil Pesto and red peppers  were bright and made my mouth water.  The crust looked golden for the most part on top... although there was one end with a burnt area but with a fresh baked item I expect a certain amount of variety and as in the case of many pieces of art... there is room for such flaws...and if it had ended there... I wouldn't have considered there to be any flaw in this Pide. It wasn't until flavor profiles seemed off that I turned the piece I was eating over to discover it was burnt. As it was directly beneath the area that appeared the most burnt I didn't think much of it and as the rest didn't look too over cooked from the top I didn't expect for a moment that the rest would be inedible as well.  I scraped the ingredients off eating them and enjoying them... I nibbled on the surface crust that was fine.   I enjoyed my meal.  I made it work. Why?  Well Having more errands to run in what is turning out to be a very busy week I didn't have the time to wait for another to be prepared.  And they are prepared to order which is one of the delights of Presto.  My daughter asked if I was going to let the managment know and I assured her that I would.   As I bussed our table I took the 'plate' to the counter and was asked by a tall smiling gentleman how it was.   I replied "Burnt".  He looked me in the eye and said "awesome'.   I was a bit taken aback.   I asked him why burnt was Awesome and I realized he must have not heard me correctly.  The plate was shown to others in the kitchen and I was offered a refund.  There was no need for a refund.  I simply wanted them to be aware of the potential of having to make an adjustment to cook times or oven temps.  As I was exiting another customer asked about my meal.  I stopped and spoke with her and was interrupted by the tall man behind the counter and told not to bother other guests.  The guest and I both informed him that she had inquired and so I was simply responding.  THIS interaction left more of a sour taste in my mouth than the discovery that the entire bottom crust of my meal was burnt.  Somethings in this establishment need to improve.  Some are easy fixes like adjusting oven temps.  If one views photos posted by others there is also a Blanco Pide shown which is burnt enough on top to make me wonder if it was perhaps blacker than mine now in retrospect. Some things are not as easy to fix in a business.
5	We were served on actual plates with real utensils. The setup of the restaurant gives you that fast food feeling. However, the food is fresh. I don't believe the food they serve has ever seen a freezer or a deep fat fryer. I wish there were more places like this one.
5	This place is awesome. We had  the Ruben and the Greek Pide with a scoop of Israeli couscous salad and the ahi tuna salad (seasonal). Everything was delicious! Definitely going back.
5	Everything we tried at this place was delicious! It was our first time here so we ordered a variety of stuff: the Greek pide, the Reuben, Israeli couscous salad, ahi tuna salad and the veggie delight juice. The bread is made fresh. They are very welcoming and explain everything on their. I will definitely visit again to try the rest of their menu
5	I've been here a couple times now since it opened since it's in the same complex as I work out in. There hasn't been anything I haven't liked so far!  The smoothies have been delicious, my favorite being the Morning fix smoothie and the Pide is fantastic. My last trip in I tried their turkey sandwich and it was delicious! They recommend to add the egg and glad I did!  The bacon was crispy, bread was delicious and very fresh and light. They've been fairly slow each time I've been in, but they are also new so I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt as I can only imagine opening a new location. I will be coming back!
5	This place is a great healthy place to catch lunch. The prices are reasonable, and the food tastes great. The atmosphere is cozy, and the service is prompt and friendly.
4	First time here and it was good.  Small business feel which I loved. Appreciated seeing the owner working his ass off and you could taste it.  Got the porchetta sandwich and it was awesome.  The wife got the turkey, seemed a little short in the meat department but see really enjoyed it. Wow the kids pizza is a great value.  My son cleaned the plate though. I tasted it and it was ok, doe was a little chewy for my liking but I guess I may be turning it to a stupid food snob.  Overall I will be back, especially to try breakfast.
5	I was running errands in the area and decided to pop in for lunch. I ordered a breakfast wrap, which was delicious, as was the side salad that came with it. For the freshness and quality of food the price point can't be beat. It was the grand opening weekend so they were pretty busy but they were very good about turning over tables so there was room to sit in the cozy dining room. I'm looking forward to returning and trying more of the menu!
5	We found this place by accident and will definitely become regulars.  I am gluten free and vegetarian so there aren't a lot of places I can go but there were quite a few options that I want to try.  We had the vegetarian lasagna and it was so good, even my meat eating husband loved it.  We also had the couscous salad and my husband had the seasonal ahi salad and both were amazing.  I can't wait to go back and try more off of their menu.
5	Recently moving from LA to Vegas, I had to make a few sacrifices. One of those particular sacrifices was the abundant options for healthy, delicious eats... or so I thought! A friend informed me that Presto Cafe just opened up. I was skeptical due to having a high standard for quality healthy food, but my taste buds proved me wrong. I split an Italian pide with my friend and boy was it delightful. I'm a carbaholic so the fact that the dough didn't leave me feeling comatosed was a complete win in addition to the undeniably bold flavors. We also split the Israeli couscous with truffle, mushrooms and parmesan as well as a kale quinoa salad. I can't tell you which one I enjoyed more - well maybe the Israeli couscous due to my love for truffle, but hands down - two more yummy choices. If you're into healthy living with good eats, Presto Cafe is a must!
5	Really like this place. I go at least once a week. Salmon is delicious. Friendly staff. The smoothies are excellent, so much better than chain "juice bars".
5	Fresh made salad is amazing.  Very friendly service.  2 scoops of salad with a free range chx breast for 11 bucks.  The salad scoop choices are very extensive.  I had the kale quinoa feta tomato and the black bean corn avacado for the other scoop.  Enjoy a lunch that will energize your afternoon.
4	I recently discovered this place and I really like it. I ordered the turkey sandwich which comes with cheese,avocado ...etc on walnut cranberry bread. Needless to say I've been back three times since and ordered the same thing. The only thing they they may want to work on is getting the food out faster. I personally don't mind the wait time but a few other people I recommended it to told me they had to wait quite a while for their to-go orders. I say, worth the wait! Yummy! I hope they eventually expand the menu and have more salad options like chinese chicken salad...etc. It makes sense to add more low carb options to the menu since they're located in the same plaza as Gold's gym. Anyway.....yum, yum, yum! Go and try it for yourself!
5	The smoothies, the breakfast sandwiches, the pides. All of them are delicious and healthy and fresh!  Highly recommend.
5	This place has the feel of a great coffee shop,  with leather padded seatting (Even the high tops) but worth healthy foods & a juice bar instead of coffee.  Just finished a wonderful meal with my boyfriend.  I started with the kale, cashew & cranberry salad that was full of flavor.  Then I had the protein burrito filled with steak, quinoa, avocado & arugala. My boyfriend had the Ruben on a raisin walnut bread. Everything is made fresh daily & it shows. The staff is very friendly & helpful.  We will be back.
2	My review is based upon three different experiences at this location. All of the items I tried fell short which saddened me since the location is convenient to both my home and office. Paired with the extra long wait time (average 45 minutes) it's just not worth it. The Greek Salad was ok but the dressing wasn't that great and the olive tapenade was overly salty. The Israeli cous cous with steak and chimichurri sauce was lacking, the steak was well cooked. Chimichurri sauce it was not, more like a pesto which was too heavy when paired with other items in the dish. There are many healthy locations with a much larger selection and tastier food within a 5 minute drive. Trust me and pass on this one. In addition they have no nutritional info posted which the other healthy locations nearby do. This is very important to me when stating your food is healthy.
3	I really like the food here, but it's happened twice where I have ordered their breakfast burrito with no bacon, and it comes full of bacon. I'm a vegetarian, so getting a mouthful of bacon is really off-putting. Everything else is quite tasty!
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE, so much, I just want to eat here everyday! The food is delicious, always fresh as can be, creative, healthy, and soooo good! I am in love, RUN don't WALK to eat here, and tell Reza I sent you. You're Welcome!
4	Went there yesterday to try it our  my gf saw it on the news and voted for them on restaurant wars. Very quaint and quiet, when we arrived no one was there, it gave us time to look at the menu. We ordered the green egg and ham flatbread with two smoothies to go alongside it. It was delicious!! We will be back when we are back on that side of town!
4	So I've been on a specific diet, so it's hard to eat out sometimes. Before I came here, I decided to check out the menu first so that I could find what I would eat.I came here with the intention of getting salad, but asking to exclude the cheese and some other stuff. When I got the the restaurant I was a little disappointed to find that the salads were pre-made. Maybe, I should have been more thorough with my reading. Since I forced to pick something new, I decided on the marguerite chicken. I think it was faith because it was like crack. This dish was delicious. I usually get really full easily, especially now, but I ate the entire thing. The sauce on it was delicious. The asparagus was a little small, but that's okay. My friend got the sliders with meatballs. She said she liked it, but she ended up taking off most of the meatballs. I'm not sure if that's because she's a picky eater, or if it was just way too much meat. Atmosphere: the shop is a quaint little space. We came here on a Saturday at 5 and it was completely empty, which was surprising.The staff was nice. The cashier was patient while I decided what to get, since it did take me awhile and she asked us if we enjoyed our food. She was pretty enthusiastic about it. I think I would come here again, but maybe not with specific intentions so I don't get disappointed.This would have been a 5 star review, if they didn't pre-make the salad.
5	The sandwich I had for lunch today was AMAZING!  The cranberry nut bread that they used as the bread for my turkey sandwich was one of the most delicious breads I have ever eaten.  Where do they get this exotic food from?  Its perfect. Go there and enjoy - I did!
5	Such a great place, food is amazing and service is equally as great. Staff is extremely knowledgeable of dietary needs and taste recos. Must haves; Israeli couscous is amazing (my 12 year old picky niece LOVED it, it has a great flair of truffle and Parmesan. Pide (pee-day) is a great option, the crust is light and the flavors bold. This is our new go to spot.
3	Great healthy comfort food.. So far everything I have tried was great.. The only down side to this place is the long wait is to get your food.. Your almost better to call ahead.. Other Tha  that great place to eat..
5	Found this place by accident while waiting.to pick.up our daughter from King Putt. Ordered a Reuben and wife ordered a veggie pizza. Both were very good. Very clean and owner was awesome. Will def be going back when in the area.   Did i say i LOVE supporting small business!
4	I went here for lunch to try something new since I saw there business on one of the yelp highlights and ordered something different, even though I should have read a little better, a veg sandwich and once I took the olives off I liked it. I did help my significant other eat his pizza thing and that was pretty different and good too! Thanks.
4	It is a solid four in its category of fast, fresh, and healthy fair (not unlike the evolved Panera). A great choice after a workout or for those who find themselves out for lunch often. Plenty of options. Seared ahi tuna salad was good, dressing ok, a bit watery, but you put it on yourself so not a big deal. Complimentary ingredients in the cauliflower and kale curry salad, although, the vinaigrette is heavy handed (maybe its the pickling of the onions or trying to balance between the curry component and the dressing). I'd like to come in again and try an entree.
3	My three star review is based on THIS location of the Presto Cafe, compared to the original Rainbow location. I have tried several items and while I love what Presto serves, I am disappointed in the amount of inconsistency that continues to be an issue with this location. The first couple of times I ordered here, everything was great- coworkers were happy with their meals, my husband was happy with some items that I got for him to-go. I will also say that while my recent experiences with lunch have been hit or (mostly) miss, I have NEVER had an issue with the morning breakfast bowl or the opening staff.I've run into some items being unavailable, and some employees let me know I can wait for the item to be made if I want, while others simply say "no, we are out, sorry, is there something else you want to order?" The same employee that abruptly said "no," was one that saw my ticket come up the first time the girl who rang me up said she could make more salad if I was able to wait, and told her in the kitchen, "we are out of that salad, why did you ring it up?" I guess I would understand had I tried to order at 8PM, but I've never stopped into a Presto later than 5. Or if they were out of an ingredient, just say that. I'm not going to get mad about them running out of a fresh ingredient.Side note: The "no" guy was also one who I've witnessed tucking his shirt back into his pants or wiping his brow with food prep gloves on, using the same knife or preparation tools on different ingredients, etc. He just screams "food safety nightmare." His language, while not offensive to me, is definitely not what I would consider appropriate for the environment that Presto has, where the whole kitchen is open for patrons to see.I have also had issues with quality. I've had pides that were burnt (as others complained of), and I've had perfect ones. I've had completely different serving sizes of the no-pasta lasagna, along with undercooked, crunchy sweet potato in some pieces, or with no seasoning and no kale, and the next time it will be spot on. Today, I received a to-go order of the lasagna that was cold in the middle when I bit into it about five minutes after receiving it.In contrast, the Rainbow location has never even been out of anything for me to know whether the staff are helpful/willing to make more of a dish if possible. The quality of the dishes is extremely consistent, and I've never had anything over or undercooked. The Rainbow location gets five stars from me. The Henderson location, while close to work, is always a crap shoot as to whether or not my dish will be as expected or cooked properly, and whether the staff will be helpful or disengaged.
5	Fast, healthy, affordable, delicious! I'm addicted. The people are friendly and it's all so fresh. Parking is easy. They do breakfast, lunch & dinner. It is a must try!
4	The service here was really great! They helped us decide what to eat and were very accomodating. The food was fresh and very tastey. I really am looking forward to seeing the business grow and trying more items on their menu.
5	I got a smoothie and my husband got the breakfast burrito. We are here right this second enjoying them. Good service. Comfortable seating.
5	My first time here, and I am impressed by the food. I ordered the Ham & Cheese. It has cranberries Funyuns on grilled bacon bread. I also ordered the seared Ahi Salad everything is DELICIOUS.
5	Casual environment,  delicious food.  My husband and I shared a Greek salad and a Greek style "pide" (think pizza ... but healthy).  All the ingredients were fresh and the portions were generous enough to share.   We will definately come back on our next visit.
3	I have mixed feelings about this place and probably need to come a couple more times to form a really solid opinion, but for now it is A-OK.Service: the first time I came, their credit card swiper wasn't working so they were only accepting cash. the second time I came, the guy working was stoned or tired or both, but friendly and helpful enough. Food: I had the greek pide, which was really good. However, the first time I came, my green eggs & ham flatbread came out pretty badly burnt. Big no-no. If food is burned, they should apologize for the delay and remake it; restaurants should not serve burnt food! So, final rating still TBD; I'll keep coming back because they are close and convenient and I like the IDEA of their food, but for now, "ehhhh"
4	Update:Consistency is getting better, staff is more professional and friendly since my first few months of experiences here. Overall, a great improvement in service!
1	After doing an awesome YOUTUBE chest & tri workout by MIKE CHANG (HEY MIKE!), I didn't want a girly salad or grilled chicken and brown rice DAMNIT! I wanted some red meat! I stopped by Presto Cafe and when I looked at the menu my intuition told me--DONT DO IT. But--of course I didn't listen and I ordered the Hanger steak. At first I was excited because they told me they cook it to medium rare and I was drooling over having risotto. When I arrived at home, my steak was NOW well done due to "carry-over", and something about it didn't seem healthy. I need to double check the calorie count if its on the menu, but that green Pesto was VERY oily. The risotto was flavorless, but ok--S&P can fix that--but how much cheese was added to it???Believe me--I'm not an excessive calorie counter, but I don't like excess oil, butter, etc.I don't know. I was just getting major bad vibes. So, I mixed the pesto and OH LORD WHAT DID I DO THAT FOR? Whatever they put in the pesto--it was soooooooo sour! It was like there was a vinegar added. I've never had pesto taste like that, nor have the ones i've made tasted anything like that. I picked at it and beat myself up for not listening to my "first mind". Ughhhhh....$14.00 down the drain. I kept it the next day hoping the flavors would marinate and taste better--um NO. Maybe this is one of those spots where you have to give it another chance--but I honestly can't see myself going back.
3	After dining here multiple times for both lunch and breakfast, I am unsure how I feel about Presto. I love the healthy options of normally unhealthy food like meatball subs and pizza, AKA "pide" (pronounced pee-day). But for some reason I always feel there is something missing. On my most recent experience I noticed they had overall went downhill with dead flowers on the tables, and a filthy tea machine. (Clean those AT least every other day) My greens in the breakfast wrap were so wilted it made it unappetizing. My boyfriend, however loved his steak and eggs, and I am a big fan of the ham & cheese sammy. They put Funyons on it! Total score! I did try the Italian style Pide, and that was not bad. I have seen the owner make contact with everyone, and also sit in the back and not say anything to anyone. I personally would like to see a bit better service from here. And all around more consistency. I know starting a new business is NOT easy, but don't start something great, and only be so/so every other visit. I will indeed return, in hopes of an upgrade.
3	I'm updating my review due to a recent experience. My husband picked me up a pide for lunch and it was not good at all, the flavors were completely off and it was a mess. I called the store a couple hours later and told them what happened and they offered to make me a new one when I got off work. When I arrived the owner was very apologetic and kind. When he saw the pide I brought back he was very disappointed and said he would talk to his staff about it. Great customer service ! Thank you ! The BBQ chicken pide which is similar to a flat bread was much better this time and provided two meals because it's that big and filing. I still don't think their food is "healthy" but they are convenient and items are made to order. Try not to go during peak lunch and dinner times and the wait is about 15 minutes.
5	This place is so good. I've had the porchetta and turkey sandwiches, each absolutely wonderful. The bread is so tasty and really makes the sandwich gone together. I've also had a couple of the juices - my own blend, each unique and yummy. I can't wait to try more things.
2	Expensive, not that great tasting, and took them 35 minutes to make two sandwiches. Definitely seemed understaffed since they were getting to-go orders out before ours. Not the best customer service or atmosphere either, just seemed really bland and boring in there.Also, the guy behind us was waiting for his food just as long as us and they forgot his soup, it took them about 15 more minutes to get him his soup. I could tell he was livid.Hopefully they improve but sorry to say we will not be coming back anytime soon.
5	Stopped in for lunch. Staff was very helpful and courteous. I ordered the green eggs and ham on flatbread. It is absolutely amazing! We also had the turkey sandwich which was one of the best turkey sandwiches I've ever had. Highly recommend
5	If you can find this place you will have discovered a hidden treasure. Went in this morning for breakfast and had their corned beef Reuben. My wife had the breakfast burrito and a salad. Everything was well-prepared and delicious.  If you're looking for some healthful bounty, you won't be disappointed if you direct that pirate ship to Presto.
2	First off, I can say that the food was not bad at all. We ordered Green Eggs and Ham flat bread and the BBQ Chicken pizza. Both were super good. The bad things were:-Cooks did not seem aware of what they were supposed to be making considering the fact that they had to ask each other multiple times whether the pizza was BBQ or Greek and every time, I answered instead of their manager or front counter person whom sat in the back on his laptop the entire time we were there. -IF YOU HAVE A NUT ALLERGY, MAKE SURE YOU ASK WHAT IS IN THE SAUCES!!!! I have a severe allergy to only cashews and pistachios. I do know from eating somewhat healthy that some vegan cheeses are made/ based from cashews. Never in my right mind though did i think to ask that the pesto was made from cashews (as it is normally made with pine nuts) and they do not disclose any of this on the menu or the to-go menu. Needless to say after a phone call to the restaurant and a hospital visit there were cashews in the pizza. I did not even get to enjoy the meal.
5	I eat at Presto about 3 times per week, often bringing a friend with me and thus far everything we've tried has been amazing. The ingredients seem very fresh and the sides section is particularly impressive. Possibly the best turkey sandwich I've ever eaten. I find myself getting the ahi salad almost every time even though I usually think ahi tastes like a foot, that sure tells you something.I usually just call it in for pickup and the wait times have yet to be much more than a couple minutes after I get there.
4	I was looking for new and healthy restaurant around the area and yelp led me to this place. When walking in we were immediately greeted by the two gentlemen working. They were kind of hilarious and good company while they were preparing my food. I ordered the ahi sliders and vegetarian lasagna! Oh man they were delicious! The only reason I give 4 stars is because the ambience was just mediocre, but I got take out anyways...Will definitely be going back when I'm in town and glad to see they are serving juice! NOM!
5	Great food. Too bad they are only open till 8pm. Like myself, a lot of people in the casino industry work till 8pm so I won't be able to pick up food after my shift.
3	I have frequented the Presto Cafe on Rainbow in Spring Valley many of times and I have to say I like that location better than this one. The storefront windows are not tinted/shaded very well so at 1:00pm is was sunny and stuffy in the dining area. I couldn't imagine how hot/bright is it in mid summer. There isn't much of a place to dine due to the enormously overstuffed chairs. They are very thick and padded which take up a lot of room. It felt very crowded in the dining area and there were only 2 other customers. The place could have used a sweeping/dusting/wiping down of the tables, chairs, and floor. The bathroom wasn't disgusting, but again- it could have used some attention. Food was right on with what I expect from Presto Cafe. I like the open kitchen to see your food being prepared. Service was with a smile. I had the usual green drink and veggie sandwich. I sampled my friend's vegetarian lasagne and it was great! Thankfully she offered me more bites.
4	I've eaten here several times for lunch and love it.  yes, the wait can be a little long, even when not busy, but they make everything to order and it is delicious.  Don't come here for a fast meal.  Love the free wi-fi.  I can hang out here for a bit rather than a noisy and overpriced Starbucks.  Give this place a chance and some time to get themselves working on all cylinders.
5	And Presto! Healthy and delicious food!I am trying to start the new year off right by changing my diet.  I think I've had my share of 'unhealthy' food for the past few years.  Presto offers healthy comfort food that I won't feel guilty about eating.  Located on the corner of Stephanie and Paseo Verde, it's very easy to find.  I was tempted to walk next door to Gimme Some Sugar (one of my favs) but I resisted.I met a friend here for lunch.  She is the epitome of healthy! So what do I order? The Vegetarian Lasagna and a scoop of Israeli couscous.  The verdict? Absolutely delicious! The lasagna is pasta free with sweet potato, kale and eggplant.  I wasn't sure if I'd like it. I loved it!   Filling and delicious without the guilt. The garlic sauce was a great compliment.Presto also offers a variety of side salad scoops.  Trust me when I say 1 scoop is more than enough.  The couscous consisted of mushrooms, parmesan and lemon truffle.  So flavorful and would definitely order this again.The dining area was kept very clean with pretty comfy chairs as well! Service was great.  Very friendly staff all around!  They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner for your enjoyment!
3	had an ok kale salad and tandoori flavorless saladgreen smoothie they had was blehnever coming back
