4	I went shopping for a new futon at several stores in the Valley.  The low price leader is Wal-Mart, where they have one that is great for the $219 it costs, but it wouldn't have matched my existing furniture.  IKEA has some, but I didn't care for any of the ones they have right now.  The stores that specialize (at least somewhat) in futons are all charging about the same price, but Futon Factory Outlet here had a frame, futon, & cover that I liked, all in stock in one place, so I bought here.I paid $419 for a nice oak frame & 10" foam/cotton mattress, plus $99 for a stylish cover, for a total of $518 plus tax.  (They also carry a couple of innerspring futons, for about the same price.)The frame came in two boxes, oddly from different countries.  The flat parts came from Indonesia & the ends from China.  It all assembled together fine though, in just a few minutes.  It was convenient to have the frame knocked down in boxes to take home, because my sales person, Randy, was able to squeeze everything including the double futon into my subcompact hatchback car for the trip home!  (The futon comes folded in half in a plastic bag, in a choice of several colors.)I'm happy with my purchase here, & if you come hungry, drop in to China Garden, the nice little buffet restaurant next door before you load your car!  :-)
4	Just a mini Update:It's been 17 months now of daily use for this futon sofa & I'm still completely satisfied!  It does get turned as recommended by the store, & there haven't been any problems with it.  Guests find it comfortable for sleeping & the optional cover I bought with it is still holding up well.     :-))
4	If you are looking for a futon this is the place to come. They have the extra thick matresses included in the price. We have had ours for 4 years and it is still as good as it was when we bought it. My mom and dad just bought one too for their guest room. I recommend this place.
5	Don't let the spartan showroom keep you from purchasing a futon here from Bill. I can't comment on the selections they offer as they had exactly what I wanted sitting in the showroom floor. Bill was extremely helpful in making sure what I bought suited my needs and wants, explaining differences in frames and mattresses. He went out of his way to explain assembly and the tricks to make it easier. He even remembered something about ten minutes after I had left and called me, just to make assembly easier for me. Thanks to his tips I was able to put the futon together in about a half an hour. Piece of cake. I'm extremely happy with my Love Seat Lounger. Multiple sitting positions and large enough to sleep two. Nice thick mattress(made by Bill) is comfortable. Hard to beat such a useful piece of furniture for $600. If you're in the market for a futon, it's well worth making a trip to see Bill at Futon Factory Outlet.
