5	Carrie's logo says it all "Funky to Fabulous".  She has 2 huge rooms packed with items the span the decades.  For a while, everything I had to furnish/decorate my house was from there.  A good deal of clothing, accessories, and an abundance of jewelry.  A variety of furniture and home furnishings.  Unique, one of a kind, and odd items galore.  After Christmas she usually has a huge sale with many items up to 50% off.  If you stop in, tell her Gretchen says hi!
1	Carrie's should merit a good-humored 3 stars for being a pleasant assortment of kitsch and delight in downtown Champaign, but in reality, it really does deserve 1 star.Why, may you ask?Imagine being a person of color who has just moved to Champaign.  You're new, confused, slightly nervous about everything.  And you stumble upon cool stores like Furniture Lounge or Jane Addams.  Great, you think, I'll find something fun and silly at Carrie's, no doubt.I enjoyed perusing the store until I exited with a friend, turned and looked at what was on display in the "Half Price" shelf.  In the middle of the shelf, plain for all to see?  A Mammy Doll, everyone's favourite piece of standard racist darky imagery.  Note the coal black skin, scarlet lips, turban, hoop earrings, prodigious humps and lumps, and of course an apron, for all your serving needs.That's right.  A Mammy Doll.  For Sale.  In Front. Of the Store.Right here: http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/KlYiE0VpuP5Qz3ThJ_rWzQ/lThe look on my face should really sum it up.  Except for the fact that whenever I was in downtown Champaign for the last month while walking to a coffee shop, I would glance nervously over to the half off shelf, and see of course Mammy.  EVERY TIME.Not OK.  Not OK at all.Finally, five weeks after this first began, I flipped.  Perhaps it was all the coffee at Aroma.  Perhaps it was the fact that in an area with an already awkward racial tension I was just over it.  But I grabbed the doll and marched into the store filled with self-righteousness and anger.And I thought, "What the hell am I gonna do now?  Stage a sit-in?"So like any disaffected post-Sixties, post-Gen X kid would do, I bought it.  I paid $6 for a piece of outdated, racist iconography.  I emancipated Mammy.  (The Emancipation of Mammy--there's a title that won't be a Mariah Carey album any time soon.)She now angrily sits on my coffee table, making people feel uncomfortable.  And I'm happier it's there than on display on the sidewalk for all passers-by to think it's okay to take.Do I feel comfortable that I bought it?  No, but I'm glad it's not just chillin' out there any more.And I officially hate Carrie's now.But at least Mammy is free.
5	Teej, why didn't you just approach the counter and point it out to them? One of their three (four?) shopkeepers is black and all of them are very nice people so while I can't speak for shop, I have to assume it was most likely there out of ignorance and not maliciousness. Carrie buys huge lots from estate sales that are packed with historical knick-knacks and what's in the shop is just a fraction of what she has in the storerooms. Mammy Dolls are an unfortunate part of our recent history (man, can you believe it's only been a few decades since the civil rights movement? Nuts!) so I'm not surprised that she came into possession of one. I'm not justifying it being there but that's my guess at how it got on the shelf.That said, I bar myself from going into Carrie's because it turns me into a shopaholic. I get junkie shakes rifling through their collection of fifties prom dresses, Victorian (YES!) bloomers, ties, pill box hats, military jackets, shoes and other vintage paraphernalia. Over the years, I have bought the following from them:Black cartoon deer bookendsAn embroidered Betsey Johnson blazerA green wool jacket from a traditional Austrian costumeDamask-covered Victorian granny bootsA crapload of costume jewelry from the cheapy box (which they seem to have discontinued)TiesMore cheap shoesohhh and lots of other things that I have snuggled at night and whispered sweet honey to.Go here with no agenda and you won't be disappointed. There be gold in them thar hills, my stylin', history-appreciating brothers and sisters of impeccable taste. Go forth and ye shall find the Marchesa de Casati in all her fur-clad naked glory distilled and woven into a jacket, an old silk slip, a modern philosopher's blazer with leather elbow patches blowing lavender smoke rings from the corner of your eye.You will find a part of you you thought you'd lost.
1	The decision of Carrie's owner, to encourage the painting of degrading racial caricatures of African-Americans on her store walls this past week has only reaffirmed my feeling that this place is both unwelcoming and attempts to dialog are in bad faith.  While the protests did surrounding the mural did lead to the owner ordering it repainted, I am still deeply hurt and upset that such imagery was even considered allowable, particularly when combined with the store's willingness to sell racist memorabilia, like the Mammy Doll.I am greatly angered by and disappointed in this place.
2	I'm a vintage jewelry collector, so I can't speak too much on Carrie's selection of clothing...but she sure seems to have a large selection of decades and styles, for both men and women. She also stocks many hats, shoes, handbags, and scarves/ties. There are accessories for men and women, toys, ephemera, and things to jazz up a house. Carrie stocks both fine and costume jewelry (rhinestones, plastic, glass, Bakelite, crystals, etc) at moderate-to-high prices. I don't always agree with the pricing given the condition of some pieces, but I have scored some major finds. The average buyer will be impressed and satisfied, but a collector may be left feeling a little "meh." Also, Carrie is not always the most friendly shop owner.
4	I felt that Carrie's had a nice variety of everything, from vintage toys to 1930s gold rimmed crystal wine glasses (love them!).  Just like any other vintage store, some jewelry was not really suitable to be sold and some were great deals.  The only issue is it is very crowded and not alot of room, something to consider if your with someone with assistive devices.
2	carrie's thinks that old stuff costs more than new stuff, but this is not the case.
2	Way, way overpriced. Often the glassware in the cases is knocked over, and just lying there, with a $300 price tag. Some of the wall art is broken, too. I noticed one of the rooms is now emptied out.  Not sure about the clothing selection, it looks like it's worth digging through. You will have to dig, too, because the shop is PACKED.
3	I'm starting to get into the whole antique/estate jewelry thing and generally liked Carrie's collection. I managed to haggle down the price of a beautiful porcelain blue rose necklace with blue velvet ribbon from the 1960s with the original tag still attached, so I cannot complain because the piece was so unique.I'm actually curious to go back and see what other jewelry they have to offer. I perused the furniture, bakeware and clothing but did not find anything of interest.
3	This place is really cool, but it's also really overwhelming. I give it five stars for the awesome stuff they have in there. It was kind of like walking through a museum. I give it one star for the organization/quality of some of the things they were selling. At some point, my friend and I observed an old nail kit that was obviously well used and pretty gross. Things like that should just be thrown away... That comes out to about three stars right?So if you like looking at/buying old interesting possessions, this is a place for you - unless you get overwhelmed by small spaces and clutter easily. If that is the case, stay away from here.
4	I am pretty happy with the vintage scarf's I've found.  Very pretty.  I found my boyfriend a silk shirt for ten bucks.  Always something of interest here.
3	I really like this season's variety of things, the merchants there have a great eye and lots of diversity in their selection.I'd like to make a remark about their counter guy, Will, however.  I'm new to the area from Tacoma, WA and putting some roots down.  I wonder if he understands what it's like for a city person to come to such a small town?  I've been browsing a lot, because I am a bit selective and have to work on a budget these days.  I'm also a local tailor, who approached his boss, Carrie, earlier about some repairs and alterations.  My pickup day is Tuesday, and I wanted to see if she had any bids ready.Will seems to be a bit overly concerned with topping and bottoming over the counter, instead of keeping an eye on what it means to make a good investment by cultivating a customer, especially a local.I'm sure he's got me pegged as some Irish Seamstress with a yarn to spin, seeing as how I do make corsets.  I also have a strike against me for being  a Rives, which has me dropped in the bag with my Father's people, those wily Libertarians from Rives county, KY.But, I'm a democrat from Tacoma, WA and I have a huge tatt and a Gorbachev mark on my head.  You would think that someone as disciplined as he seems would be able to read a person better.  I guess I didn't show him my Driver License  to the bouncer right as I walked in, so he mistook me for a shoplifter.He practically ordered me to leave as I tried to make small talk, and then followed up with a "Don't come back here any more" after I had walked out of the shop.He even claimed that I was disruptive, and I can't imagine why, because there was no other pickers in the store, and it was just us.  I know my looks are  really Kyky (ki-ki?) and I tend to set people off just walking by--I guess my huge tattoos really disrupt the continuum out here in middle America.He appeared to be as out loud and proud as the rest of us, though he really acted like a tool, cutting me out like that.  Personally I have no idea how to operate another person and their Free Will, I just operate my own.Carrie, you have a great store, but you should have a talk with your counter guy about proper shop manners, he seems to behave like he's the bartender or the bouncer of a club, and not a civilized steward.
