5	Orginally came in as a walk in and had Nathan do a some what detailed piece on my leg. He was super friendly and easy to work with. In fact all of the artists and staff were great and the shop had a good vibe all around.Will for sure be coming back to get more work from Nathan in the future.
5	Just went for my very first tattoo to celebrate my birthday. Awesome place. Luke was soooo good. Made me very comfortable. Great sense of humor. Inked such a gorgeous design from just telling him what I was thinking of. I highly recommend West Coast and will definitely go back in the future!!  Thanks Luke!!
5	I can not speak more highly about the professionalism and artistry of West Coast Tattoo Parlor and Bronson Pasco. I recently got an outline for my half sleeve. Bronson sketched out the head of my dragon and the two lotus flowers to start. Everything after that was free hand. I put complete trust in him and it turned out amazing. I could not be more happy with the way it turned out. The detail work on it is my favorite part. The spots on the underbelly and the individual scale work is exquisite. I still need to get it colored in. I am looking forward to seeing the final product. The anticipation is killing me. I just have to get back in for another session or two. Great work. I cannot complain about the music either. Refugees, reggae version of "The Dark Side of the Moon", Ice T, and Right Said Fred? Funny guys.
5	AMAZING place for getting some ink work! The employees are friendly and have great customer service. I cannot tell you how impressed I am with Russell's work. Not only is he a excellent tattoo artist, he's very professional. It was such a great experience. If you need work done I highly recommend this shop.
5	This was my first tattoo and I could not be more pleased. Nathan got me in with just a few hours notice. I wanted some Greek lettering on my forearm, he sized it, and charged me writhin my budget. He made sure it was straight and looked cool before he began tattooing. He was done in no time and it looks awesome. I will definitely be back.
5	This place is great. Went in inquiring about a pretty simple tattoo and encountered done really nice guys. Got quoted a great price and got started quickly! Russ did my tat and I am extremely satisfied with it. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone in Vegas lookin for a clean, affordable, and friendly tattoo parlor to go to.
5	I was referred by my girlfriend to go meet Nathan about a piece I want to get done on my back. I showed him a family crest and some information and history about the piece I want done. Nathan answered all my questions and very responsive with txt as well. I'm ecstatic with the work when done. Very detail and clean. I'm definitely coming back again.
5	This place is awesome! I called them at 4:00pm and asked if they could take my sister and I in as soon as they could and they had an availability for us in half an hour! (4:30). As we walked in we filled out paper work, he sized our tattoo for us. The guy that did ours was Nate! He's really friendly and patient. I asked him last minute if I could do another tatt and he said yes! He charged me $100 for 2 which was really good. I definitely would recommend here. These tattoo artists can draw!
5	Best place in town to get ink work done.I wouldn't go anywhere else in the city. I've been here so many times now that they make me feel like family. The staff is very professional and the hospitality is always awesome. Call ahead for an appointment because West Coast Tattoo Parlor is usually slammed with customers.
5	I went here 12/13/13 (Friday the 13th) with a friend for their $20 tattoos. I got there at 8 and signed the consent form. It was pretty crowded by that time. Although I did have to wait until 2 in the morning to get my tattoo done, it was done perfectly and I had a good time regardless. I got my first 3 tattoos and Ashley did a great job drawing my script tattoo for my wrists. Russ was the one who actually tattooed me and he was just great and made me feel very comfortable about getting my first tattoo. I'm glad that they stayed until 3 am til I was done getting my tattoos. Very professional and friendly staff. Russ is very cute too :)
5	Jake Beckwith at West Coast Tattoo Parlor is the best tattoo artist!!! Love all the work he has done on me!!! I highly recommend Jake.
5	My artist was Alexander! He's great! I got two tattoos done by him at the same time and one was fairly large with a lot of color. It healed a little weird because of a spray tan that I had gotten prior to the tattoo and color didn't deposit as nicely as I would of liked it. I let him know and sent him pictures and he fixed it with no problem and at no charge! He touched up my tattoo for free and now it looks perfect! He's very friendly, I will be going back to him for more work! He's always quick to reply to phone calls, answers questions, and his artwork and creativity is perfect! :) I HIGHLY recommend him, and even this shop in general. Anyone I've met who works there are all very friendly and welcoming. Sometimes going into tattoo shops can be scary and intimidating but these guys are so warm and friendly! :)
5	This is my "home" shop.  I've been worked on by just about everyone there; both fresh work and cover-ups of previous (old and not so great) work from other places. I have personally taken 8 people here for work and referred many more.  I get stopped frequently and receive lots of compliments and am glad to send business to this quality shop.  All of my referrals have been more than pleased with their work.Pros:  Great variety of artists; there's no limit to what can be done at this shop. Portfolios are readily available and well marked.Your opinion matters.  No one here is going to just do what they want to do; they are going to take your idea, tell you what will and won't work and why, give a professional opinion on how to make it look great and make sure you are happy with it or it won't go on... it's that simple. Every single artist here will assess your skin type, color vs. skin tone, size, and placement to ensure you have the best possible piece of art.They are not afraid to do cover-ups. I've seen some transformations that are nothing short of miraculous.Clean, Clean, CLEAN.  Friendly and welcoming.  They don't care if you're 18 or 118, or if this is your first or 44th tattoo.  No attitudes or hang-ups about your age, occupation, gender, or beliefs. Unfortunately, I  do not find this to be the norm in a majority of shops.  They absolutely welcome everyone here.Awesome art on the walls and comfortable booths.Pricing is fantastic.Professional and fun.  Great conversation and they really put first timers at ease.  I have work done by Luke Palan, Jake Beckwith, and Nathan Tarango.  I have witnessed work performed by Russell Drake, Bronz Pasco, Zander, Max, and Kevin Ramos.  I am looking forward to having work done by Russ in the near future.  Each time my work has exceeded expectations, been priced fairly, and I have been treated respectfully.  Highly recommend this shop for all of your custom tattoo and art needs.  I am proud to be a WCTP customer.
5	My five brothers came into town for a Vegas guys weekend.  We decided to get tattooed and heard great things about West Coast.  For three of us it was our first piece.  We walked in without an appointment and they were able to get all of us done that day.  Zander worked on us and he did an amazing job!!  He took our basic design and put some awesome artistic spin to it, he really exceeded our expectations.  He worked quick and it was very reasonably priced, they didn't try to overcharge us for being out of towners and tattoo newbies.  Very courteous artists and cool atmosphere in the shop.  I would definitely get more work done at this shop, I'm stoked with the results.  We saw several other people come and go throughout the day that left with some amazing work too!!
5	I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. Wait, actually, I wish I could give Russ more than 5 stars. I couldn't have asked for a more comfortable and fun experience for my first big piece! Russ was easy to collaborate with and was able to get everything I wanted incorporated into my tattoo. My mandala was completely done free handed with no stencils, and it turned out absolutely perfect! He's a perfectionist and has a great eye for detail. He was also very fair with pricing, which was just an added bonus.
5	It was a last minute decision to get a tattoo while we were in Vegas.  We researched nearby shops on Yelp and this place had the best reviews.We were greeted by someone (forgot his name) but he was super nice and said that Russ would be doing our tattoos.  I already had an image with me, Russ worked with me to change the font a bit and created my beautiful little tattoo.  He was so pleasant to work with, great personality and loves to talk.  He has a very light hand, in all my years of getting tattoos, this was the first tattoo I had that did not bleed or hurt immensely afterward.  I can't say enough good things about the shop and Russ.  The place is super clean, the music is perfect when you are getting inked.  The place just has a lot of good vibes flowing through.I will be back in September with friends to get our sports tattoos.  Russ is going to be super busy that day when we get done rolling through there.  :)  Thank you for the most awesome tattoo.  *I laughed when I read Rowena's review.  Russ shared the Friday the 13th story with us and told us he didn't leave until almost 3am.  LOL  Now I know who he was talking about!  lmao
5	My daughter and I decided to do something crazy while we were in Vegas last week and get a tattoo.  She chose this place based on the great reviews.  I already knew what I wanted and had the design in my cell phone.  Russ helped me to enhance it a bit and change it up to make it more 'me'.  Super nice guy, with a light hand.  This is the first tattoo I've had where I didn't bleed like a stuck pig immediately after.  Russ does some really nice work and his lines are so clean.He was telling us a story about how he worked one night until almost 3am for the Friday the 13th special they were running.  When I read Rowena's review, I knew who he was talking about.  LOL  I travel to Vegas at least 4 times a year so I will be back in August for another piece and then again in September for football kickoff and I definitely want Russ to do my Seahawks tattoo.
5	A friend referred me to West Coast after going I will not get my tattoos anywhere else! Jake is awesome and it's the cleanest shop I've seen. I would only recommend West Coast Parlor
5	We were visiting Las Vegas from the Toronto, Canada area. 4 women interested in getting a tattoo to commemorate special moments for each of us. From the moment we called, they were very professional and helpful. We saw Max who listened to our ideas and helped us fill out paperwork. We then made an apt for the next day.  Max was very accommodating as we had to change our appointment time and only 3 of us had decided we were gettting tattoos. When we arrived, we were greeted by Carrie. She is a lovely young lady who made us feel welcome. Max tattooed 2 of us and Nathan tattooed the other. We were all so happy with the work both of them did. Nathan was very particular about the placement and lines of my friend's tattoo. It looks amazing. Max drew both my tattoo and my other friend's tattoo free hand from pictures we showed him from our phone. What a great artist. When both were finished we were all happy with the awesome tattoos we had! Also, I had never had a tattoo before. The tattoo I got was on my foot. Max made me feel comfortable and at ease. Since we were there for a few hours we even had the pleasure of meeting another tattoo artist and one of the owners. Great group of artists/people and to top it off the tattoos were very reasonable. After care was discussed in depth and we were treated very well. Can't say enough about this group except, if ur thinking of a tattoo, go here!
5	This is definitely one of the best shops on the South LV Blvd.(the Strip). The staff is always friendly and the hospitality is by far the greatest. Know one here ever forgets a customers name. West Cost always has the shop clean and makes sure it always stays that way... I will never refer anyone to any other shop but West Coast Tattoo Parlor. Don't forget to ask for Russell Drake. This dude has an excellent imagination & experience when it comes to new ink and cover-ups.
5	I've lived in Vegas a little over a year and had the itch to get some work done. Thanks to yelp and google I found this place. When I walked in to make an appointment the place was clean orderly and welcoming. The day of my tattoo I had made an appointment with Nathan, he was polite and personable. His work was awesome and my tattoo came out perfect. I would recommend this spot to anyone.
5	I'd like to say, West Coast is a great tattoo shop. I was helped by Zander. He was great. He listened to my idea and came up with an awesome design. Once we were done, the tat blew my mind. It has good detailing; I love it. It was my first experience with them. I will go back. Awesome job, Zander!!
5	I've been got to this shop for over a year. Always great positive vibes in the shop and the artist are great. I've always got tatted by Russ Drake, and he has done beyond outstanding customs pieces on me. Highly recommended due to everything I just said and the fact they have reasonable prices.
