3	I couldn't get into my usual shop for an acrylic fill and was pretty desperate to get my nails done. This was my first visit to World of Day Spa and I had an okay experience. I thought the shop was very clean and it was quiet and peaceful. The girl who did my nails didn't introduce herself so I never knew her name, and she was either sick or had bad allergies. I'm hoping it was the latter. I have not been to a salon that used nail clippers on me before and I don't know if this is the norm or not, but they were not sitting in sanitizing liquid!!  She pulled them out of her plastic container which had other tools in it and I was a little grossed out by that. Shouldn't all tools like that be sitting in that green sanitizing liquid?Ok, so aside from that, when it came time to choose a color from the plastic nail wheels, I didn't see any OPI choices. There was Perfect Match and something else with initials but I'm almost positive it wasn't OPI. If I'm wrong, someone correct me!All said and done, my nails look pretty good, with the exception of a thumb and forefinger. I just noticed those both have a weird 'crack' across the polish. I have never had this happen before and I've been getting my nails done for about 13 years. I don't know if this is a fluke or if it's the product they use. I'll see how they hold up for 2 weeks and then decide if I'll make them my "every two week salon" or if I just use them as a backup.
1	Well, World of Day Spa won't be my "go to" nail place. It hasn't been 2 weeks and I have 8 nails that have polish "cracks" on them. What a waste of $42!!!!Moving from the Fry's shopping center to the Target shopping center didn't help in any way!  That's too bad, they're close to my house and a place I would have gone to every 2 weeks.
4	I like the service I receive. The price is right. Love the hot stone massage they give with their pedicures.
5	I love this place! Clean, bright and relaxing. Most comfortable massage chairs around. My nails always come out looking perfect after a spa-like relaxing lower leg and foot massage. They are always so friendly and accommodating. The only place I ever go. Sunday hours too! Ask for Sandy...she's terrific!
