1	Very disappointed!  Last 2 times I've been I was very unhappy. A while ago, we did the drive through and the  fried chicken was falling apart and bones inside were broken.  Almost like it was smacked around on the counter.  This last time, we had the grilled, and most of it was very dry and
1	My God! What has happened to you my beloved KFC? Why hast thou forsaken me??The past two times I've been to this location I have experienced the same problem--They never have the types of chicken I order (extra crispy vs. orig. vs. grilled), I still have to wait 10 minutes while they make my order, then my chicken is soggy and luke warm. I don't know what causes this to happen (I'm guessing incompetent management) but it will keep me from coming back. I hate when a restaurant self destructs because it can't provide the most basic of what we expect. Hot, fresh, good food just like we like it.Get your act together KFC!!  (The slaw is still good, though)
3	Ordered a 3 piece original meal . 2 thighs and a drumstick, with mashed potatoes  and coleslaw and  a few biscuits ordered an extra one . Came out hot and fresh . This is the 1st time I been to KFC in a while . Chicken a little on the small side. but still tasty none the less
2	This place is pretty slow and they never have the crispy wings ready. If your in the mood to wait go here. If your hungry hit up Walmart not good but ready.
1	So let's just start by saying if your going to eat at this specific KFC go through the drive thru because it is not worth goin inside.We walked in and the restraunt was very hot and had a wierd odor. No employees were to be found anywhere, my family and I were standing at the counter for about 6 mins before someone even said hello. We ordered 2 of the 5$ fill up boxes and a KFC bowl. One box was suppose to have mash pats with no gravy, a buscuit, a drink and a cookie. We got pat wedges instead of mash pats and no cookie. The second box was exactly the same except with gravy. We got everything except a cookie. The bowl was great! But before we could even eat we had to ask an employee or a towel to clean the table because NO tables what so ever wereClean. The floors had trash everywhere and the condiment station was completely empty. After we were done eating I had to ask for a box and the employee that helped me was on her personal cell phone having a conversation while talking/ helping me. All in all it wasn't good service at all, messy, hot and not Recommended for dine in eating!
