5	I was looking to get my website redesign since it was outdated,and I came across Phoenix online media,even thou I'm in San Diego and there in Arizona .I decided to give them a call and see what they can do,after talking to one of the represenitive (jayson), he gave me a very reasonable price ,based on the scope of my web design ,I decided to go with them.Few days after emailing my art work to them,I was emailed a design what the web page gonna look like, I was happy to see my new web on the ipad/ iphone without to have to zoom in & out.Now that the web is finally done,I was thrilled to show it off to my customers and friends,I can actually open my web on the phone with out zooming.Phoenix online media,may be a small company ,but they deliver big on their promise,thru out the process,I was always asked if,I was happy or if I need other changes,they want to make sure that I was satisfy with the design,And I'm actually thrilled!!If you own a small or medium size business,I suggest you give them a call.And if you don't have a website,call Phoenix online media .there always gonna be my go to for webdesign,and search optimization .You won't be disappointed !
5	I needed a new website built fast and inexpensive. I found Jayson through google search and had him and his team do the design , logos, txt, pictures and content for my site. It was done very professionally and a lot cheaper than what other people quoted me. I also ended up hosting my site on their server and a piece of mind knowing my website is up 24/7.
5	Having a web presence is an absolute necessity in today's competitive business world. Small and medium businesses especially need to stretch every advertising dollar to its limit.  A functional and beautiful web site is the best way to maximize your marketing dollar.  Phoenix Online Media put together an incredible web page, and also set up my social media outlets to funnel more business to my web page.  They also taught me how to improve my search engine optimization (SEO) so that I can be on the top of searches without having to pay extra.  The professionalism and competence of Phoenix Online Media is second to none; and their customer service made me feel as if my web page was the most important one that they were working on.  I have recommend Phoenix Online Media to family and friends, and would recommend them to you as well.
5	I have been working with Jayson at Phoenix online media, and the experience has been incredible! They have met and exceeded every expectation that I could have had in building and launching the website part of my small business.  They are honest and thorough in helping me execute all aspects of my website and guided me in making decisions that would best suit my company's need. They have helped a very inexperienced small business owner with overcoming what can seem like a very complex aspect of business I know little about.
