4	I'm a DIY kinda guy. I like working on my car. I like fixing up the house. I enjoy these things not because (like so many hipsters) I think its cute or cool. I fix things because I'm cheap, and I think things should last. The awesome thing about Harbor Freight is that they sell tools that are cheap and that last. They have almost any kind of air tool or power tool you could need, plus enough hand tools to build an arc or repair a aircraft carrier. My only qualms are that they don't have fittings for PVC and the lack of a lumber yard.
4	Place is a Mecca for cheapass DIYselfer! Do not expect a fancy showroom here. Do not expect "How are you? Can i help you with ANYTHING today?" from a pimply teen. Do not expect to see a brand you seen before - "WTF kinda brand is Dixie Picks?!?" Do not expect to drop a ton of cash here - "What? 79c on sale for this screwdriver?!? OMFG i was totally looking for this kind."DO EXPECT a ton of cheap shit - tools, hardware, garden stuff, machinery, etc Whatever you may need to use to perform some task in and around the house. Its there. None of it is blingy, in shiny wrappers or of superb quality, but its all there. Bottom line is - If you need something that you are not planning on using forever or hard or ever and do not want to pay real money for it - this place is for YOU! If you need something disposable for one time use and to throw out - this place is for YOU! If you are silly and think $3 China made ratchet will last you lifetime and perform flawlessly - this place is for YOU! If you need something that IS of some kinda brand name and they happen to carry it - this place is for YOU!"I like"
4	The right tool for the job really helps. As with many jobs however I only do them once in a blue moon. The tools here are cheap enough to make it worth while to buy it.My friends and I have a joke, everything sold  here eventually becomes a hammer. It is true just about everything is made in chine and may not last more than a few uses, but often that is enough.If you see a coupon price in a mailer be sure to bring it with you as the in store ads do not have the coupons.Typically I avoid the power tools and stick to the hand tools, jack stands and miscellaneous items.If you need a tool, and rather save some cash instead of handing it down to your kids check out Harbor Freight.
4	This place has almost everything you could need as far as tools.At often 75% less than everywhere else for power tools =) The staff is friendly and knowledgeable on everything they carry unlike their Mega Competitors!
4	If you are looking for cheap and potentially cheap tools, this is the place. If you are looking for something to pass down to your kids, this is probably not the place. Still love it though.
4	Cheap tools and gadgets. When your kids can break anything, the $1 three pack of superglue is essential. If you don't know about the 20% off coupon, then open your newspaper. You get 20% off and a free flashlight. I don't know what I'm going to do with my 23rd free flashlight, but if the power goes out I'm set. Everything is made in China and a contractor might laugh, but it works for the DIY projects most of us do. Paint brushes under a dollar, I can't live without this place.
4	The cheapest tools you can get. I did ask a employee where something was, and she said they didnt carry it. I later then found the item I had been told wasnt carried.
5	Holy crap!  Um, wow.Never saw a store like this before.  Kind of part hardware store, part survivalist store, part specialty item store, and part toy store for adults.  There's stuff here I've only seen in print and online catalogs before--never in person.  From air compressors to auto supplies to home security equipment to workshop supplies to powerful magnets to solar power arrays to etc. to etc. to etc., this place has everything you can't find at the other stores.My wife and I were looking around at several stores for a can crusher.  No dice, until I took the advice of someone at Fry's who suggested Harbor Freight.  They actually had two to choose from, and the clerk I asked told me which of the two was of better quality.  I also found one of those electric bug zappers that looks like a tennis racket.  From there, I just wandered through aisle after aisle saying to myself, "OMG, they have THIS here?"  I was practically salivating at some of the stuff, and if I had the money I would have walked out with a cart full and more.  When Walmart and Home Depot leave you disappointed in your quest to find object X, you will likely find it here, and at rock bottom price.  Before you go online and pay the shipping cost for that specialty item, give this place a gander first-- they may just have it.  If you like gadgets and thingamajigs, and you haven't experienced this place yet, it's high time.
4	I like Harbor Freight tool stores in general, I like this one best only because it's on my way home from work.  They have all kinds of tools and "things" in there that is just something you have to go in and experience.  I didn't give it a 5 star rating because some of the quality of the tools they are selling is of pretty poor quality.  But, that's one of the allures of the place as well: much lower prices than you will find anywhere else.  If you need hand or power tools, check this place out before you buy, you might be surprised at what you will find in there.
4	good cheap tools and accessories!
4	You can get some really cheap tools and household items such as batteries and small scales here. They often have ads in the mail that have some good coupons for an even better deal on supplies. If you're a fix-it, handyman type person, it's a great store to browse through.
5	Hanging out at Harbor Freight Tools makes me giggle like a little schoolgirl... in the manliest way possible, of course. And I do love this store because it feels like a "manly place to be" (in the immortal words of the punk rock song by the Diesel Queens titled "O.S.H."). Since there are no Orchard Supply Hardware stores outside of California and Oregon, I have to get my fill of macho D.I.Y. ambience at this fine establishment.It's a stripped-down, bare-knuckles kind of a hardware store with all sorts of practical durable goods, power tools, and things forged out of steel. I had to restrain my handy friend from buying a giant air compressor who was certain he could justify the need for an entire line of pneumatic tools, when in fact these would just become high-end expensive garage toys. Men can sometimes do more damage than Julia Roberts on Rodeo Drive when unleashed in the right retail environment.My housemates and I did manage to get a great deal on utility trailers here. These come in kits and are the bare-bones steel girders that you assemble yourself. The mid-range model (with a capacity of 1195 lbs) we ended up getting was foldable for storage, which makes for a smaller footprint in our garage. And we also will be adding decking ourselves, but the usefullness of a tow trailer is immeasurable. If you are considering such a heady purchase, rest assured that Harbor Freight has these things on sale periodically (we saved $70!), so check their website for their sales flyer and you can also read customer reviews on individual items.If you get excited about hardware, you will like this store. Just put your dirty baseball cap on backwards, roll around in some axle grease, and don your coveralls, and you'll feel right at home here!
2	I'd give more stars, but this is the 3rd time my father & I have gone & had to leave because there is only 1line open & is out the door despite the number of people working at the time.
3	Cheap tools, cheap quality.
3	As soon as you walk through the door you are inundated with a strong mechanical oil scent. If you stay too long your hair will surely smell like this. On the bright side as mentioned, this place sells all types of cheap tools and gadgets which is perfect for a person like me who isn't very handy therefore I don't need top of the line tools anyways. I found these cool little two way LED shop lights for only $3 buck! PS- Great Customer Service here as well, the staff is very friendly and helpful.
5	My dad says this is his favorite store, I can see why. It's a mix of an outlet mall/swap meet/ "as seen on TV" section / of tools and just, all kinds of stuff! I am a girl who knows nothing about most of what they sell or how to use ( nor should be allowed to use ) the many power tools and other items they carry. However, I love this place. I browse up and down the aisle and someone is always available to ask if I need help. Maybe I look as though I don't belong, but I think it's because they have friendly associates. And the best part is that you always get something free when you checkout. A free tape measure, a free.." Electric thingy" that I obviously don't know what to do with. But it's going in my fathers Christmas stocking next year! It's a great and well priced tool ( and more) shop!
