5	If you need an Security System at your house or place of business this is the place to call.    Got all my equipment free.  Great installation. Great people.   You feel right at home.    These are people you can definitely trust.      And best of all: you are being monitored by America's largest alarm company.    ADT.My alarm went off and boy did they respond.   Too quick for me.  They got there before I did and I was down the street.
1	I received a nasty letter in the mail from Hank, one of their sales people, after he wasted about an hour of my life I will never get back. I read the poor reviews about ADT last year. Besides poor service you can expect all around from ADT, the people that represent them apparently have poor people skills. Please do a little research to find a person and company you can trust.
1	Absolutely horrible experience with a very rude salesman who thinks it's OK to swear at and threaten potential customers! This'll be a little long but worth your read if you're considering going with this horrible company.Hank Monem, salesman for Moore Protection, arrives on my doorstep and was extremely friendly and had has his sales pitch down for their giftcard promotion. He promised free Visa giftcards, if you make purchases at approved stores, and that would basically cover the cost of the ADT monitoring service. At that point in time Hank seemed like a decent guy, smiling and jovial, and I told him that my wife and I were in the process of doing a home remodel and were extremely busy during this time. He actually witnessed this himself since he was at my front door and I had construction guys working on the empty home at that time. I told him that I would call him back and let him know what my decision was regarding his services.Every day for the next week Hank decided he would call me at odd hours, Sunday at 9pm and today on a Saturday morning, and definitely not during what's considered normal business hours. I reiterated again that I would call him back and that I was very busy. He could not get it through his head and would insist on calling me repeatedly and I got so frustrated that I wouldn't even answer his calls.He called this morning and definitely had a Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde moment. I answered the phone and he said "Hello, it's Hank from ADT" and I told him that I was no longer interested in his products or services. Instead of letting me finish he interrupted me and said "You could've told me a week ago and not have wasted my time!" and then proceeded to hang up on me.I decided I'd call him back and let him know why I came to the decision that I did. My main reason being that Hank didn't listen to my needs and the fact that I told him I was busy and I'd call him back. Instead he decided to harass me by calling every day and that's what killed the deal for him. With that in mind Hank answered and I told him not to call me and then hang up on me and he rudely interrupted me and began screaming and yelling at me and calling me a motherf*cker, a b*tch and several other obscenities and proceeded to hang up on me, again, after having his temper tantrum.I highly suggest doing a Google search on their company and reading the reviews that other people have posted. I am in no way a lone case and you should really do your research before spending any money with this company.
