5	My girlfriend and I consider this our bar.  I graduated and moved away from Madison in May 2005.  I have been back a few times and every time I go the bouncer recognizes me at Lava Lounge.  This is either because it is a great place or because we are the only people to go their that aren't covered with tatoos.  The drinks are really cheap.  The bartenders are friendly too, unless there are more than 10 people there.  It is by far the best decorated bar in town.
5	The Lava Lounge always finds a way to hire surly bartenders.  And I mean surly in the best possible sense.  They hate frat boys and girls who dress up to go to a bar, people who order things like Raspberry Stoli or something that involves a blender.  I spent basically my whole senior year of college at this bar, and learned to love the surliness of all the staff, the cheap drinks, the regulars there with me at the bar, and especially the little computer game machine in the corner where I would waste all the quarters I should have saved for laundry.
1	I appreciate surly bartenders as much as the next person, but I'm sincere when I say, fuck the fucking Lava Lounge.  What I once thought was an amazing respite from the campus crap that is located near University Ave, I have just realized is full of lame ass poseurs and bull shit bouncers. Case in point: my dear friend was assaulted today (by a bouncer) for insisting that he drink his drink he just paid for at 1:30 am, before legal bar time but after Lava Bar Time.  Despite the fact that the regulars and employees, were allowed to finish and order more beverages, we were violently and rudely ushered outside.   The bouncer, grabbed my dear friend by his arms, ripped his shirt,  forced him to drop his drink and then threw him outside.  The people outside assaulted him further until someone sober enough finally listened to us and realized that we were not drunks, just people who enjoy beer and unfortunately thought we should enjoy it at this odious establishment.Fuck this place. Do not come here unless you enjoy being harassed, because you're not a pierced tattooed regular.
2	I don't go here often and with good reason -- there doesn't seem to be anything this bar offers that another place doesn't do better. If I wanted to dance or act crazy - there is Brothers. If I want to sit outside - I'd goto Vintage or Johnny O's. If I wanted a quieter place to sit down and talk - there is Red Shed, Segredo's(cause its usually dead) or Blue Velvet. The drinks are OK, the bartenders are OK and its ok to stop on a bar crawl but not somewhere I stay for long.
1	Descriptive phrase: worthless.No. Just, no. I lived in Madison for 4 years and never came to this place nor ever heard of a single person who had. Now I know why.Location: hidden off the main drag. Bouncer: really, for this place? Bartender: nice. Drinks: not as cheap as other places and much weaker. Patrons: townies and/or creepy as all get-out.The decor was the only saving grace of this dive. They really went all out on trying to decorate the inside with tiki-themed posters and idols and the like. But it just couldn't overcome the other issues.Oh, and did I mention that the entire place reeked. Like, seriously smelled like a toilet. We couldn't believe how bad it was. We literally made a promise never to return.
