1	I am so sad to report that their cupcakes are awful. They look gorgeous(and the packaging is adorable) but they are way to sweet and the texture of the cakes is spongy not moist. The pumpkin cake is decent, the pecan is disgusting(and I love pecan anything!) the chocolate mint were ok but all three of my cupcake loving kids wouldn't eat more than two bites. It is a shame this is a chain since they cannot tweak their recipes. If you are a photographer and need cupcakes in your shots then spend your money here but if you want edible cupcakes keep looking.
2	I wasn't impressed at all. There is was way too much frosting. They look pretty but that's about  it. They aren't memorable...bottom line make your own.
5	I don't know what the other posts are talking about.? I love Gigi's cupcakes. Fridays are my favorites because they serve Miss Princess cupcakes which are my all time  favorite. Thank God those are only served on fridays. The peppermint patty and milk texas chocolate are tatsy also. I plan to buy so to serve at my christmas party this year.   The think I love most about the cupcakes are the frosting and there is a ton of it!  I tried the cheecake cupcakes that they started serving, they taste pretty good also. I only wish they had coupons or  buy one get one deals sometimes.
1	Buzz kill!  It was 3p and there was only 4 varieties, all of which were basic and underwhelming.  Thinking they were closing soon, I asked what their hours where.  After commenting on the sparse assortment, and finding out there is no cooking on site, the clerk said "there might be more coming from another store".  I also inquired about the ingredients, wanting to know more about the quality of ingredients used.  The gal replied with "she didn't' know" since she didn't cook them.  Give me a break!  Product knowledge, especially when it comes to food is standard.  Most bakeries are known for something; using organic ingredients, having a signature cake, ect.  I ended up with chocolate.  At 3.50 a pop, it had way too much frosting,  cake was dry could be compared to a Safeway bakery cupcake, just more presentable.  I'll take a sprinkles cupcake any day where at least you know your getting top of the line ingredients and almost always have a great selection of flavors.
2	Gigi's has focused it's efforts on only the superficial.  Their marketing materials (signage, brochures, packaging, etc.) are slick and glossy.  That's appropriate for this type of business, but what about focusing on the core if what it's supposed to do --- making great cupcakes?  And having a wide selection from which to choose?On the Sunday afternoon I stopped in, there where six cupcakes.  Not six varieties, but six ACTUAL cupcakes!  I can understand the need to avoid waste and shrinkage, but six???  They're made of flour and water!!!  How much can it cost to keep a variety on hand?In terms of the product, the cake was just average and the frosting was too thick and sweet.  The good news?  It was pretty to look at and well-packaged.
4	Been here twice.  Both times loved the cupcakes.  It's now my go-to treat for my daughter. Yummy!!
4	A new cupcake favorite. A nice crumb on both the ones I tried; sweet potato and wedding cake (the next day, even). Lots of frosting (which is better than not enough) that was just right for sweetness. So glad it's on my drive home, a great place for a sweet treat!
4	I really enjoyed their cupcakes. My daughters and I wanted to surprise daddy with cupcakes for his birthday. We were on our way to sprinkles and I remembered there was this new one on camelback. We stopped in and got three chocolate with chocolate ones and a chocolate with cream cheese frosting and a salted Carmel one. I have to admit I was impressed. I loved all of them but the flavored of the salted Carmel were not my favorite. We will definitely be back again.
1	My family and I stopped in to top off a special occasion.  We walked in and I personally was surprised at the lack of cupcakes in the display case but my mind quickly went onto choosing my flavor. We all picked our cupcakes and the lady gave us our total. I thought, "wow...these better be good!"  We all sat down and took our first bites.....and then...we... looked at each other.  To sum our review up-on the way home , someone said, "in two words...what's your review of GiGi's Cupcakes?" The hubby said- "over-priced!" Me- "dirt dry"Kid 1-"Bring water"Kid 2- "dry poo" (sorry....he's 7!)
4	Picked up a chocolate w/ cream cheese frosting for my gramps. He loved it! But, like everyone mentioned, prices are a bit steep.
1	Craptastic Cupcakes. Man, do I love a good cupcake--I could get high just thinking about it. I stopped in GiGi's Cupcakes today hoping to find some cakey goodness. These cupcakes are decorated and displayed beautifully, with tempting names, cute decorations, and piles of icing pillowed on top. The problem? They are God Awful. I exaggerate not. To prove a point; the little cupcakes that Walmart sells--chocolate with buttercream on top?? They are from Walmart, mind you, nothing special, nothing for which I had great expectations, BUT as it turns out, comparing a GiGi's cupcake to those dorky mini Walmart proved to be disastrous for GiGi's: the Walmart cupcakes kicked GiGi's pretentious cupcake arse to the curb!! I bought 4 different cupcakes to try from GiGi's (which was 4 too many), I ate but merely a couple of bites of two of them (to be fair, before reviewing) and got so irritated by their dry, tasteless, dirty, cake-cardboard bluck and the waxy, thick frosting grossness, that I immediately googled this ridiculous chain and ended up here. HUGE WASTE OF MONEY & calories! Trust me, just say NO to Gigi's upChuck cakes. How in the world does someone screw up a cupcake?! Especially if a cupcake is your specialty and the ONLY THING you make? GiGi's is ALL smoke & mirrors. I might as well as eaten dirt. Remember-- you will be be so much better off making your own with a good Duncan Hines mix or going to Walmart and getting those mighty tasty, moist little minis. Yeah, those little guys are pretty good! GiGi's is a joke. Don't say I didn't warn you.
3	I think I need to go in during the mornings to see the best selection of cupcakes. The times I've come here have been toward the end of the day and they don't have much left. That being said, I did try their butterfinger cupcake and it was pretty good. There is more frosting than cupcake, and I'm not wild about globs of frosting, but if you're a frosting lover and a cake hater, you'll be stoked on the proportions.
3	Good cupcakes, but the selection is limited in the afternoons. Staff has always been helpful and friendly!
1	Before moving to Phoenix, I went to a GiGis in Kentucky to buy him a cupcake to celebrate my move and many other memories. Gigis holds a special place because they are a symbol of tradition and many happy times. This Gigis took all that and stomped on it.I agree . . . there are few cupcakes and the customer service is poor.I called ahead to place a reservation for a few cupcakes that night. The lady said I did not have to do that, many cupcakes were available. I know this isn't protocol but said, " I am coming in the late afternoon, your selection is often limited. Can I please reserve?" No, no, she said I would be fine.Nope!There were a few cupcakes to choose from, all chocolate which my boyfriend hates.The lady in front of me had the same experience because she said, "you told me there would be plenty."I cried in the store. I had a white-girl fit. Not to ruin tradition, I called the Tempe location and the guy said, "Ill only save them if you promise to come pick them up."What kind of customer service and protocol is this? Promise to pick them up? I'm calling you. All around a terrible experience. . . .I hope the employees realize what type of service they are providing.The cupcakes are great, but I'll just wait til I visit Kentucky again to frequent Gigis.
1	NO NO No!!!I would never go to this place again!  The cupcakes are terrible, not fresh and way too much frosting!!!  They did look good until you try them and you are left with the feeling of, why did I waste my money!I would not recommend this cupcake shop to anyone!!!I'd rather go to Pixy Cakes or Kreative Kupcakes any day!!!
4	We eat cupcakes in many places and we both agreed these ones were very underrated. Although expensive they were all delicious.
3	Gigi's has a cute theme going onI like the colorsThe cupcakes are pretty good, very thick in frosting... So yeah they are very sweet...During the middle of the day they don't have a big selection so I would suggest going early... I really had no complaints about this placeI went in for a cupcake and got oneI don't like the frosting...So...I scooped a lot of it off...But I still enjoyed
2	These cupcakes were only ok. They were not very fresh and the amount of frosting piled on them was inedible. I won't be going back.
1	My two 9 years olds and I showed up after a school concert at 7:02pm to a locked door and an employee the mouthed "WE ARE CLOSED!".  Who does that to a little kid?  Seriously though, this place is never open after dinner.  I'll find a different place to get cupcakes.  No joke this is my 4th attempt to buy cupcakes here.  Gigi's is a business, right?
3	Happy birthday Grandma Juju!It was the day before my mom's birthday and she was heading to my house to see the kids... With limited time to do something special, I quickly had my son make a birthday card and I ran to Gigi's to get a few special birthday cupcakes for the occasion.Since my son isn't into chocolate, I selected a wedding cake (white) cupcake and a strawberry shortcake cupcake.  Both were piled high with beautiful frosting (my favorite part).  The cupcakes did the job... they brought huge smiles and birthday wishes for my mom, dad, kids and nanny, and two cupcakes to share amongst all of us was plenty.  I recommend slicing these in half and sharing from there.  Those of us that are frosting fans enjoyed Gigi's most of all.  The cake part was fine but a tad on the dry side.  While there are cupcake competitors all around town (from local businesses and chains to cake pops and other sweet treats), you can never go wrong with a cupcake in my eyes -- no matter where it's from.  However, I do think Gigi's is best for frosting fanatics... happy licking!
3	Pretty good, a little heavy on the frosting but they have interesting flavors....would consider visiting again.
4	Gigi's Cupcakes was better then Sprinkles by far! When I first arrived I could tell that it was a small store, but it made up for it with character. There was tons of parking which made it easy for us to get a cupcake quickly.When I first went in a was very disappointed that they were out of the flavor that I wanted. Instead of the Strawberry Shortcake  cupcake I ended up getting the Midnight Magic. The paying process was easy and there was no one else in the store besides myself.I absolutely adored the single cupcake packaging. The little present gift box is so cute and the cupcake fit perfectly in the box. Overall I liked Gigi's. My only complains are that the cupcake was a little dry and there was a a lot of frosting.I give Gigi's Cupcakes a 3 out of 5. I will definitely go again!
1	All disclosure, I wouldn't know what the cupcakes taste like as I am not reviewing them for their cupcakes.  Unfortunately, I went in there on a Friday afternoon at 4 pm.  I was referred by a friend who said they were great so I wanted to check them out.  My first (and last) impression was unfortunate.  They are open until 8 pm, it was 4 pm, and they did not have a single cupcake, nope, not a one, not even a piece of one, a crumb, nothing.  The display was empty, I thought they were closed and then someone came out to confirm, they had no cupcakes.  She then attempted to sell me a prepackaged cookie next to the register as some kind of "thanks for coming" prize. As some others posters said who experienced this before here, why not just close shop rather than waste payroll trying to sell a few cookies.    If you need to get cupcakes in the afternoon, better call first or better yet, just go to Sprinkles.
1	Update:  sadly, I gave Gigi's another chance the other day and yet again was disappointed.   At 330 pm, they had maybe 12 cupcakes left.  I decided to pop in because I really wanted to try the red velvet since they had no cupcakes last time.  This time, they had two flavors left, not red velvet.  She proceeded to tell me it was red velvet month but "we don't have any".  When I asked when they ran out because it appears to be a theme: 1:30 pm but I can call first thing in the morning and they will hold a cupcake for me.  Really?, I'm not calling you at 10 am to hold a cupcake.  I ended up buying a banana cream pie, cupcake was dry and, I love icing, but it was overwhelmed with it.  No more tries.
5	Best cupcakes I think I have ever had.  Both my husband and I were in heaven!! A little pricey but so worth it.
5	Absolutely the most outrageous cupcakes in the valley. Always take them to parties and have as desert for friends. Just take a look at how many varieties, plus pies. Forget Sprinkles, must try Gigi's. Plus, they will make special orders, whatever you need.
2	Ordered a box of holiday mini's and 4 cupcakes online.   When I showed up the next day, 2 of the 4 cupcakes weren't available.  "Sorry our flavors didn't come in yet.  Would you like 2 replacements?""Yes I will take the cookie one""Sorry we don't have that either""I'll take a refund on the 2 cupcakes""Sorry we're not sure how to do that either"So I took some replacements.  The cupcakes were fresh but little more than dark or white piled (and I mean piled) with some flavored icing  and some sprinkles.
