1	This place constantly has broken water pipes, and the hot water is always a problem. So if you like to bathe in warm or hot water don't live here. For the price the aparments go for at this place you can go a street down and get a better deal.
1	I opted for emails through this site, and am appalled at this review.  The last review was written by an Alliance employee, she's my neighbor.  Apparently, you don't have to have integrity to work there. Thus proven here by the employee and also by the manager having her write it.  I have liked living here, but will not be renewing my lease after reading this.  Bad business ethics.
4	I really love my apartment here. It is quiet and peaceful. My only grip is 'some' of the people in the office. They seem to have a big turn around there.  I do not even bother to call in for maintenance I just walk over because they barely ever answer their phone. They seem to be short staffed.  The manager Marquis is very nice and helpful I like him. The girl who moved me in , in August does not seem to still be at this property anymore which is a shame she was a real asset to the office always smiling and very friendly.
1	Leased from Serifina for two years and overall it was a disappointing experience.  The property has become increasingly run down over this time.  Management was difficult to work with at times.  Their bill department was increasing delinquent with processing the monthly invoices, to the point of arriving a day or two until payment was due.I experience countless water outages over my period there.  Many times I could have to go without basic sanitation.There are several nicer properties in Ahwatukee and this one should be avoided.Update:  Upon leaving the property, management undertook some questionable billing practices.  I left the property on good terms, placing the required 60 day notice and paid the remaining balance due.  Several weeks later I received and additional invoice for additional charges and withheld the security deposit.  Please avoid this property.
