5	I've gotten my hair cut a few times here and the service is great. My husband also frequents this Great Clips for his monthly trimming. The prices are very fair- $12 for a haircut. If you get put into their system, you'll get coupons every so often for $4.99 haircuts! The stylists there are very friendly and listen to what you want. Last time I was there, I went for a new hairstyle. The stylist was honest about the look and updated it a bit so that it would fit my face shape and look the best. I left there feeling and looking like a million bucks.
2	I've only been here twice. My first visit here was wonderful. The person who cut my son's hair was fabulous. Had I written a review then, I would've given 5 stars. This visit, however, is a different story. I give it zero stars, but I don't think that's fair because I didn't post a review last time. So 2 stars would be about the average. Anyway, this experience was awful. Maybe I should've figured something was up when the customers in front of me all told this one hairdresser they were waiting for someone else to cut their hair. I should've done the same. I told her I wanted a fo hawk for My son, so keep it long at the top. I sat down and saw her cutting the top. I was fuming in the waiting area, but the damage was already done. When she was done, I asked her why she cut it because I wanted it long at the top. She said his hair wasn't that long so that is why she trimmed it. What?! That doesn't even make sense. Whatever, I just brushed her off as an idiot, but I noticed that she had also cut my son behind his ear. I pointed it out and she said it looks like a scissors had done it and she used dull clippers. I told her that it couldn't have happened before this and that it is fresh because it is bleeding. She then takes out her clippers to show me that it is dull. I ask her, "So you are denying that you did it? It's fresh and bleeding." She stands there and says well if I did do it, then I'm sorry, but he was squirming. She seriously blamed it on him! I was livid. I had to ask her to give me something to clean it because she was just standing there. Ughhhh! I'm never going back to her again. I'm debating whether I should return to the location again because of this experience. I might just drive a mile further to get my son a haircut where his skin won't be broken and he will get a haircut that I actually requested.
4	Here why I am checking into this hair salon franchise: online check-in, friendly service, in and out in under 20 minutes. I know this is a short review, but a haircut, at least for me, is pretty straight forward. With Great Clips it is a consistently good haircut every time!
4	Good stylists, and you can't beat the wait time!
1	Checked in online and was 1st on list when I got there. 2 people were taken before me. What the hell is the point to use the app? (happened in 12/2012)The manager needs to educate the staff at this location.
5	Stopping in to get a quick trim with layers. Fabulous job on the cut. Also got some great tips on getting my color job fixed that my stylist in Arizona created.
4	I like this "salon". It's cute & clean and the people seem nice. We came in a month ago for my son and instead we ALL got hair cuts. I hadn't had my hair cut in about a year, same with my daughter. We all got fantastic hair cuts. Although mine was a bit shorter than I really wanted. It's hair...it grows back. So, I'm ok. We are here now and the stylist that did my sons hair... No longer works at this location. That happened twice already. He finds a person that cuts his hair and he doesn't complain about it... We know we will come back again. And it S U C K S when they are just *poof* ...gone. We all know that nobody wants jacked up hair, & we have all had somebody screw up our hair at least once or twice. Oh and the thing that made me really smile is not one of the stylist I've seen here has major or minor screwed up hair themselves!!!! YEAH! I won't let a stylist with FUBAR'd hair touch mine or my kids. No way. If they can't take care of their own hair... They aren't coming near me!!!
1	I would give this place a zero star but dont see that option on here.... I asked the so called stylist (Steven) for a # 3 on the sides and scissor the top , sounds simple enough BUT instead he MASSACRED my hair to the point where I had to ask him to stop the haircut.... I was willing to overlook the fact that he smelled like an ashtray as long as he would give me a descent haircut , but that was wishfull thinking....So if you want a really bad haircut and a rude smelly guy to do it STEVEN is the guy to see....
5	This review is for Zuny,It's the second time she cuts my hair and she follows direction so well.  She's also attentive to hair flaws like thinning and cowlicks and cuts your hair in a way to make those flaws less visible.  All I had was a high one on the sides and trim on top and she did a great job!  Would definitely recommend her, she's also so much fun to talk to and her personality radiates.
