4	If you like your burger in a loud trendy joint, then you will love the atmosphere. The burger itself is awesome. Get the delux burger, the one with maytag and gruyere cheese served on a demi baguette. You wont be hungry after that. If you are pile on some sweet potato fries and a couple of craft brews and you are done!
4	The burger is worth 5 stars but I can't get behind the whole package.  The menu is a la carte... order a burger, a salad, and a few drinks and you will be staring at a bill that can't possibly seem right.  Really really loud and trendy -- the wait can be fierce at peak hours.  The chicken sandwich is not good.  The salads are above average for Phoenix.  I would only come here for a burger, if at all.  Don't get me wrong.  The food is super high quality.  Organic beef and produce are used.  The sweet potato fries are out of this world.  The decor is very stylish.  It's a fun place.  It you like loud busy bustling spots you'll love Delux.Update:  Okay.  I find that I do actually come here on a regular basis.  I discovered the veggie panini and it is fantastic.  I also love the beet salad.  And who can resist the fries.
2	Wow, overpriced, trendy, with below average food...  What a concept.  I've had burgers for half the price that are twice as good.
4	Although I am not sure it is worth the hour wait, I loved the concept.  The burger was delicious, but the sweet potato fries were my favorite part.  The fries come in cute little mini shopping carts and I recommend going half and half w/ regular fries for the variety.  Yes, it is very trendy but we had a great time!  We split a salad and a burger so it is not too pricey if you go that way.  Also, they have a great variety of cocktails which left me very happy by the time we left.
3	Barney's this place is not. If you've become accustomed to the creative variety of burgers at that small Bay Area chain, Delux will be somewhat of a disappointment. Like others have mentioned, this place is loud, busy and pricey, but still manages to produce a decent dinner experience.A recent 6:30 Friday evening visit had our party of four waiting for only about 10 minutes before we were seated at the long, narrow community table in the center of the restaurant. Not a bad wait, I'd say. The service was efficient, but friends she certainly did not want to make. Nevertheless, we ordered drinks, fries and burgers and tried to pass the time by talking above, through and around the noise. We were fairly unsuccessful. My qualm came with the bill.The Standard burger is a whopping $9 and the separate basket of fries is an additional $5. That means a burger and split order of fries rings up at a very San Francisco-like $11.50. Yikes! A joint in a strip mall in Phoenix leaves a bit to be desired when contemplating an $11.50 burger. For about the same price, a diner can get a trip to Chelsea's Kitchen up the road. Both have good burgers and Sierra Nevada. One just does it a little better than the other.
4	When I want to splurge on eating out, this is one of the few places my boyfriend and I can agree on. I put up with the noisy, cramped, uber trendy dining experience just to eat a "Delux Burger." Gruyere cheese, caramelized onions, smoked bacon & arugala with a side of sweet potato fries - yes please. That is one freakin awesome burger. And the Banana Split Lava Cake - oh man. What a beast of a desert. It's WAY more than enough for two people...we couldn't even finish it. It's practically the size of a baby. Or maybe a small dog. I think I heard a few "ooohs" and "aaaaahs" from other patrons when it was brought to our table.For everyone who complains that they've had cheaper, better burgers, I would really really REALLY like them to tell me where, exactly, those can be found. Seriously, I need to know.
4	My favorite burger in Arizona for two years running. I must frequent Delux at least once every other week or so.  The fancy burger bar concept, trendy digs, Camelback corridor locale and outdoor patio with misters means it's usually crowded and usually loud -beware. The service is always quick and dependable - and the food is top notch.  They have two types of burgers - but the Delux burger with angus beef, gruyere, bacon arugula and caramelized onions on baguette is soooo good.  Likewise on the caprese salad and the sweet potato fries.  Order extra of the aioli dipping sauce for your fries. OMG. I. LOVE. THIS. STUFF.The chicken panini is just OK, but the mahi mahi sandwich and veggie panini are great.  Don't forget to wash it down with one of the many beers on tap - they must have about 40 or so including the beloved Anchor Steam.  Dinner for two will be about $40, but like everything else - you get what you pay for.  An Islands burger this aint! A few copycat concepts have popped up in Phoenix, but make no mistake - Delux is the best.
4	Delux makes good burgers, but you probably figured that out already. They also have good fries (sweet and regular potato thank you very much). They are kinda expensive. If I have to compare it to something I would compare it to California Pizza Kitchen. Better than a regular Pizza, but probably not worth the cost.
4	I love Delux's vegetable pannini (sp?) sandwich.Superb.The sweet potato fries that come in a little shopping cart are quite aesthetically pleasing.The parking lot sucks a lot, since it is near the Biltmore and everyone who drives at and near the Biltmore are morons. Except me, of course.They're a bit pricey but if you're a rich homosexual, that shouldn't be a problem.
5	After reading the reviews here I had to chime in.  WHAT ABOUT THE BEERS?  OMG soooo many imported brews on tap served in the appropriate glassware?  This is awesome!!!  Not to mention that everything on the menu here comes out to less money than the god awful Fudrucker's that so many cardboard people in Phoenix adore.  I wont even go into my dreaded $13 lunch experience there.  EW!An amazing burger for 9 bucks.  A shared basket of fries for 5.  10 or 12 beers at 4.75 each?  This is a dream come true.  If you don't look out the window you can even forget you are in a parking lot.This place is even open late so after a night of bar hopping and parking lot traversing you can still pop in here and get a burger and beer in appealing surroundings.  LOVE IT!
4	Delux is a trendy place, but the food is pretty good... I love the grilled cheese and you cant come there with out getting the fries.  The food menu is very limited but they make up for that with their beer menu... They have beers all over the world... some good, some bad, some just weird... I think it is a great place for a happy hour or to meet up with a few friends but not the best place for nice dinner since it is so crowded and has funky tables.
4	It's been a while since I've been to Delux, but I do keep meaning to go back. Their burgers are a nice change of pace from the typical fast food variety. Order up a "basket" (served in a miniature shopping cart) of sweet potato french fries and you have a not-so-ordinary dining experience.Beer. Beer, beer and more beer. So much beer that the sheer volume of it outnumbers the rest of the items on the menu. From Microwbrews to Michelob, you're sure to find something cold and refreshing. The sweet raspberry lambic is a nice way to top off your meal.The interior is a bit small and it's often crowded and very noisy. Carrying on a conversation inside when it's busy is next to impossible without having to shout. If you can get a seat outside, I would go for it. Keep in mind that Delux is located in a strip mall so you'll be constantly barraged with cars driving by.
5	Excellent burger and you can get it as a lettuce wrap and skip the toasted bun. Comes with onions and with the basket of fries or yam friends served in a mini shopping cart you get great spicy mayo. Nice wine list, good beers and a modern interior that makes the place ultra hip. A long island counter space runs down the middle of the room with mirrors and photographs lining the walls. Greta experience.
4	This place was built up quite a bit to me for a long time before I ever had the opportunity to go check it out for myself. The build, for whatever reason, gave me the impression it was going to be a dimly lit bar with techno beats bumping from inside. What I found when I finally went there was a clean, well organized diner with some killer hamburgers and good salads. In many respects, it was better that I expected it to be. I highly recommend the sweet potato french fries with chipotle mayo, as well as any of their burgers. But stick with the beef, as the only legitimate knock here are the chicken sandwiches.
5	the crowd is def of the 'i'm hip and sexy" variety, but if that's not your scene, you're not going to feel out of place... when i got  attitude from the 16-year-old hostess  and i scanned the patrons i was like "oh, great, it's gonna be like THAT," but i easily struck up a conversation with the table next to us when my company left me alone for several minutes to go to the bathroom (kind of impossible not to eavesdrop when you are practically bumping elbows and you have to pull your drink away from the edge of the table when someone needs to get by so their rear end or purse doesn't knock it over).all that said, the burgers are delicious and the fries are amazing (get the mixed order if you're not sure about the sweet potato fries, bu i guarantee you'll love them with the chipotle dip it comes with). the ground beef is organic and the delux bruger features applewood bacon-infused patties and gruyere cheese. not the place to go if you want a ton of options - the burger is the star and you have a choice of two. i did have one of their salads and it was very good and very big. one friend who tried it did not like the baguette-style bun, but that's the only complaint i've heard on the joint.on to the really important stuff -- booze. i take it back, the menu is huge, but that's because they have so many beers! including one of my favorite "special treat" beers, Framboise Lambic (raspberry dessert beer). they're milkshakes ain't too shabby, either.yes, i'ts a little cramped in there, but it helps off set the very chicly-designed look and cool baby attitude to seem more like a chatty, happy diner... you know? except this diner doesn't have smashed fires on the floor and a gum-chewing waitress.
5	What's the sign of a fabulous restaurant? I simply cannot get this deelish memory out of my head -- and it's been weeks since I've eaten there. My restaurant habits tend to be that of repetition and fear of trying somewhere new. Having been a vegetarian for over a decade, new menus were more an exercise in fear than a potential find.So a few weeks ago when I was feeling adventurous, I loaded the kid and the boy in the car and asked who wanted where and what to eat. The regular short list of restaurants offered nothing in the way of interest for any of us, and, desperate, I pulled out the Sidekick 3 to get some ideas. Ryan said he wanted a burger, so I searched for "best burger near [my zip code]" and a reference to Delux Burger popped up. It was relatively close to home, so off we went.Arriving, the outside of the restaurant is a little deceptive. It's in a Safeway shopping center and if you're not looking for Delux, you're likely to miss it altogether. It's a tiny little place with a tiny little patio but (by virtue of being nestled in a shopping center) there's plenty of parking.Moms & Dads: I was a little nervous that an exclusive little diner like this would be the type to be unfriendly to kids, but that's definitely not an issue. Space is scant, but we sat on the patio and it was comfortable.The menus were skinny and long and consisted mostly of the beer, wine, and liquor selection, which might have been their original focus from the start (but I don't know that for sure). Their hours are 11am-2am, so I think they're really hoping to serve a post-club-but-not-done-partying segment in the wee-er hours. I perused to find something other than beef or chicken (I don't eat either) and was thrilled to find a grown-up grilled cheese (3 cheese, oven-roasted tomatoes, baby arugula on a demi-baguette).Shortly thereafter, I saw it. The delux Fresh Fish sandwich. The idea of a grilled cheese was interesting given the ingredients, but I wanted something less rich and more flavorful, and here it was, offered up to me in a single menu entry like a hand-picked wildflower from a wide-grinned, grateful, not-expecting-anything-in-return toddler...From the menu:    Grilled Mahi Mahi marinated in sake and orange juice with wild herbs, served on a toasted, handcrafted brioche bun with redleaf lettuce, all-natural beefsteak tomatoes and red onions accompanied by sides of creme tartar and cucumber-pear medley.One word describes this sandwich: Divine. It was hot and perfectly cooked. The fish was light and the flavors were magical. The bread wasn't overpowering and the lettuce was proportioned -just enough- to give you a taste and a different texture, but not take the spotlight from what the real star was. I couldn't get enough of this sandwich. Sadly, though, it came to an end much quicker than I'd desired and yet I was still craving more. How often does something so good and good for you leave you so breathless and wanting more?We had also ordered a "shopping cart" of sweet potato and regular french fries (the kid loved that, though toddlers + things on wheels atop on high surfaces are surely a recipe for eventual disaster), and I snacked on those to curb any further temptation to order another sandwich. At $10 a pop, I didn't need to scarf these things like snacks.The kid had a kids-friendly grilled cheese which was a panini-based creation (very simple) on a bed of french fries, though she didn't want anything to do with those fries when the shopping cart fries were also available and, by virtue of their container, much more tasty! Ryan had a burger and he liked it, too, but I honestly remember very little of our outing as I was too busy flying high on my mahi mahi experience.Time kinda stood still for a little while and for that I must recommend Delux Burger to anyone who likes to eat stuff that tastes really good.
4	Dinner at 10PM is a bit late for me but it happens when you have 7 girls flying in from different places to meet up for a bachelorette party.  ^_^  We drove over to the restaurant in our rented minivan.  We were starving.  As we walked in, all eyes were on us.  I want to say it's because we were 7 hot chicks, but honestly, I think it was because were 7 hot ASIAN chicks.  I think they were all impressed by how well we spoke English.  Ha ha.  Good times!We had a little wait before being seated but it wasn't bad at all.  There just isn't an area to stand around because the joint is cozy.  But the decor is beautifully chic and totally fun.  We sat in the middle aisle which is set at bar level.  The stools (hence no place to hang your bag) are pinned to the ground so you can't group together with your friends but it's kinda good that way.  You're forced to step out of your comfort zone and sit a little closer to the guy next to you whom you never would have been so close to before.  I almost wanted to eat the fries off his plate.  Ha ha.  Speaking of fries, they were delish!  And the dipping sauces... one was ketchup but the other one... a most wonderful spicy mayo type creamy thing.  I had to save some to lather on my burger as well.  I had the Delux Burger, of course.  This wonderfully fantastic fat raw (but in a good way) burger was SO good, despite being full I finished the whole thing with a break in between.  Our waiter, this adorably gay blonde and outgoing boy, asked me how I wanted it cooked then proceeded to tell me it had to be medium/medium rare.  I'm glad I trusted him.  I had never thought of having a glass of wine with a burger before but I must say, the Ravenswood "Icon" Syrah was excellent!  The wine itself was delicious but with the USDA Choice all-natural, grainfed, Certified 4 Diamond Angus Beef it was to die for.  ^_^http://www.deluxburger.com/
5	Funny thing about Phoenix: you never know where you can find a decent bite to eat.Every year my buddies and I head down for a long weekend of Spring Training and lap dances. This year I decided I'd do some research on restaurants, as we'd been disappointed way too often.After a long night at the Candy Store we headed to Delux. I was a little nervous about the strip mall location, but then I remembered "this is Phoenix."We showed up around 11:30 on a Sunday night. The place was packed, but they had a seat for us. The burger was awesome, only overshadowed by the incredible shopping cart of fries.
4	mmmm Delux. I wake up and call for it in the night. I have magnificent dreams about those little grocery carts filled with mixed fries with endless sides of ketchup and that delicious pink sauce. Delux Burger, Classic Burger, Fish Sandwich...always superb. Despite the yuppie crowd, the restaurant often being a little noisy and our last waiter being a little preoccupied and strange we always leave happy.
5	For variety in Phoenix, I give this a 5 star rating. It is quite good. The sweet potato fries are a must. The aioli they serve with it is great. The salads are not that great and their burgers are more impressive in their description than their actual taste. The milkshakes are rather icy, not creamy. However, it is still pretty good and its open late.
5	Best burger in town. Easily. The sweet potato fries are great too. I think burger-purists will have a hard time getting past the modern decor and scenester crowd, but I count all that on the plus side. I've never been treated poorly or felt uncomfortable. But the burger is so good that I'd even compare it favorably to national-renowned burgers like those at Corner Bistro and the Shake Shack in New York.  And the late hours are great too.
4	The place is small but trendy.  It's always packed with good looking people and bartenders.  Good burgers and the fries are OUTSTANDING!
5	I love their Delux burgers and the sweet potato fries.  I often stop by after church on Sunday and get an order for my hubby and me to go.  It's kind of become a ritual for us.  Be sure to ask for the aioli sauce for the fries.  It's so good and spicy.  The waiters are friendly too; especially Chris who always seems to take my order.
5	Best burgers ever. They're not of the typical bar-food burger to chow down on variety, but ones that you want to savor, loving every gueyere-covered bite. Just when you think it couldn't get better come along their fries. I could eat three orders of them. They come in a cute little mini-shopping cart. Delux offers regular fries and sweet potato fries, which are a must if you go there. I always order a combo of the two to dip in their spicy aioli sauce. My boyfriend has made this our official weeknight date spot. It's casual enough to stop by after work but has a vibe that definitley makes it "date-worthy." I've always had great service, and have seen the owner strolling around several times. All-around great place to stop by when in Phoenix.
5	I was on vacation and went here for dinner and not to be repetitive but it's like the best burger I've ever had.  I couldn't understand the point of waiting for a hamburger but it was totally worth the wait.   The restaurant is so cute also I couldn't believe it.  My brother got the chicken panini which was good but if your going to go there get a burger.  I do have to say I shared a burger and a salad with a friend and it was the perfect amount of food once the sweet potato fries were added.  (those are adorable they are served out of a mini-shopping cart)  I would say go there...I loved it.
4	The atmosphere is great, its very metro decorated.. very modern, which I like.  The food was good, I had a cheeseburger, the sweet potato fries are absolutely fabulous.. And the staff was really attentive and very nice.  I def recommend it.
5	Tuesday is opposite day.  Or is it Thursday?  I don't know anymore.I'm bored with reviewing at the moment, so I'm going to write this as exactly the opposite of how I actually feel (save for the star rating, which I will rate accurately so I don't mess up the average).  I'll let you do the decoding.Delux is awful.  I hate that they have Arrogant Bastard on tap.  Their cheeseburgers are a huge step down from Applebees, my personal favorite.  Or maybe TGIFridays is my favorite...life is full of such difficult decisions.  Anyway, the french fries at Delux remind me of deep-friend cardboard: flavorless and tough.  When my server accidentally spilled an inconsequential amount of fry sauce on my twenty dollar jeans, he didn't give me 30% off.  Oh, and I hate the decor too.  I'm not already planning to eat here this coming weekend.
5	Genius! This place is amazing. The best burger I've ever had.
5	A la carte fries in a SHOPPING CART = love.Sweet potato fries in a shopping cart = I have to check that I still have a pulse.I wish wish WISH that there was a Delux in Chicago. The burger (rare, just how I like it) was nothing short of incredible, and I am ridiculously enamored of the mayo aioli for dipping the shopping cart sweet potato fries. The beer/cocktail menu here is more extensive than you'd ever expect for a burger joint. It takes up several pages of the menu - which, by the way, is pretty nifty looking. The beer flights come in cute little trays, which may be entirely unnecessary, but they're fabulous nonetheless.If I hadn't been so full from the burger, I would have had one of the gorgeous cupcakes from Delux's to-go place next door. Or a mini-apple pie. Or both.
5	Raspberry Lambic.   Did you hear me?  Raspberry Lambic?  It's a burger joint with all the class and style of a downtown jazz club located in a strip mall across the street from a gelato shop.  It's a marriage of convenience to an ugly girl who really knows how to work it.  The best things about Delux are its burgers and fries.  The fries, sweet potato and regular, are crisp, salty and delicious.  They are served in miniature shopping carts with the D for Delux emblazoned on the front.  Our server adorably quipped "Fries A La Cart."  Heh...heh....ehhhhh.....they still tasted good. The burgers are properly cooked to order and the meat is flavorful and satisfying.   I've been twice now and have yet to be disappointed.   My only beef (pun intended) with Delux is the lack of 1000 island dressing for my burger (I'm white trash like that).   However, the aioli which is spicy but still smooth makes up for the lack of 1000 as a substitute condiment.   The beer list is extensive and the menus are adorable.  The outside patio is misted and looks out onto a nice view...well, for a road-side strip mall at least.  If you go during peak hours, expect a wait.   It's reasonably priced but still a $15/head trip.
5	Do you like burger and fries?  Then you will like Delux.S*P*E*C*T*A*C*U*L*A*R
1	Delux is overrated. I've had a better burger at Red Robin. Seriously, Fez has better Fez Burgers and Sweet Potato fries.I won't be back here. It's just overrated and frankly boring.My mom's burgers are better than this place.
3	Slightly overpriced and overhyped... still a decent burger. Reliable and tasty... just not exceptional. The fries are decent too, but nothing I'd rave about. It's a pretty cool place, but it's very busy and popular, so it's often difficult to find a good seat. I also don't much care for the way it's set up - you might have to rub elbows with a stranger - it's far from intimate dining... no matter where you sit, your conversation is open game for everyone nearby. I'll eat here once in awhile, but I'm not their biggest fan and they haven't really won me over ever with their service. I don't know why it's so popular really... maybe it's cuz the menus are fancy looking.
2	A lot has already been said about the food here, and I don't think I have much more to add.  However, in my opinon Delux makes a huge mistake...since when was it cool to take away everyone's privacy?  I went here with a client, and was almost afraid to say anything confidential because the next patrons over were only about 6 inches from my face!  Ok, they weren't that close but it felt like it.  At one point the woman next to me actually chimed in on a comment I made to my client about the drink I was having!I think it's arrogant for Delux to think their food is so good that everyone will gladly sit on each other's laps in order to wolf down a marginally creative burger.The bottom line is that you shouldn't come here if you want one shred of privacy to talk with your companions.  If you're alone however, this might be the perfect place to make some friends!
2	Delux serves an OK  burger. For the price you pay, I've had much better. Just go to In N Out for your burger fix. It's better and cheaper. I'm not sure where people say this burger is phenomenal. Anything usually tastes good with a lot of butter/oil and bacon, which are one of two main ingredients of the Delux Burger after the beef. But, other than that, the food here is marginal. The Chinese Chicken Salad was horrible (chicken wasn't cooked), fish sandwich was bland, and the grilled chicken sandwich was less tasty than McDonald's McGrilled Chicken.  They have a decent selection of beers; however, the waitresses were slow with drinks and water. I would go to Four Peaks any day as the food is better and the drinks are cheaper. For burgers, save your money and go to In N Out. Although, Chelsea's Kitchen has a pretty decent burger (pricey as Delux though)I think people in Phoenix haven't had good food before, don't know what good food it, or clueless. Still not sure why people rave about these burgers.
3	OMG I just found this little place no one has ever heard of called Delux. Yea, Delux, without the e at the end. Tre creative. Ok, so it's my first visit and here goes. Service was great. Thank you Lacy. Room was comfy, we sat at the large community table, had great people watching. Fries were yummy tho a VERY small portion in exchange for one Abraham. The Delux Burger had no flavor of Maytag Blue cheese (or Kenmore for that matter...god that's not even remotely funny) or bacon. Cupcake at the end was dee lish. My favorite part was a picture of Pink's hot dog stand on La Brea in L.A. that adorned the wall.  Although my freshman Delux experience was aight....I couldn't help but stare at the framed photo of my second favorite weenie stand in the good ole u s of a! Three stars. That's all.
3	This review is based on the Grilled Chicken Panini Sandwich.I was out in Phoenix for work one week so I called up a friend in the area and met up for dinner here.  I like to research restaurants on Yelp when I go out on my trips so naturally I found Delux.  The interior had this modern look - almost like a lounge rather than a restaurant.  We decided to sit outside because it seemed too crowded inside where you don't really have a table and just sit at a long counter next to other people.I already had a burger for lunch that day, so I didn't want to get another burger.  I got the chicken panini instead - big mistake.  It was dry and tastless.  Nothing much else to say about it.  My friend had the burger which he claims was very good.  They did have a good selection of beers though.If I'm ever out here again I'll definitely stop by again and try the BURGER Instead.
1	WTF. this is a COMPLETE knockoff of Father's Office in LA!Cheaters!!!! HOW UN-ORIGINAL and TYPICAL OF PHOENIX.Isn't this illigal?http://www.fathersoffice.com/html/fathersOffice.html
5	Fanciest most fun burger joint I have ever been to.  At midnight, the place was bumpin'  The burger was out of this world and was topped off with a great basket of fries served in a small shopping cart and complimented by a great mayo sauce and ketchup.  Washed it all down with some Fat Tire.   I can't wait to go back!
4	We had a friend in town and wanted a place to stop at before going bowling (not in the mood for bowling alley food).  Delux was only about a mile away and was pretty much perfect.  We split the mixed order of fries (half sweet potato, half plain old potato) which were DELISH.  They brought the fries out before the rest of the food, which was fine with us since we were hungry.  We also split a shake three ways which was fantastic.  We were all happy with our meals (Delux burger, beet salad, and mahi-mahi sandwich), and it was great sitting outside.  The only reason I didn't give a fifth star was because the service was a little spotty at times.  I'm pretty sure our server didn't come back to see how the food was though he was there several other times.  Overall a fun experience, and I'm really excited that they're open so late!
4	besides the old fav of most AZ/88, Delux is one of the best burgers in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. in a strip mall with Gelato Spot, Zen/32 and the huge Safeway, it's found it's niche for hip. not many restaurants are beyond the strip center/mall in AZ, but you have to go inside to see if the spot is for you. i have been going to Delux for a few years now since it opened and have always had good food there. and the major PLUS here is the GINORMO selection of brews that they have - probably about 20+ on tap and seasonal brews as well. the shopping cart with regular or sweet potato fries or a mix of both was cute at first, but now i'm over it.what i order:- the beet salad (note: not just beets, there is lettuce in there too)- the standard burger either a lettuce wrap or the normal way (really if you're trying to cut down on bread, the lettuce wrap is pretty damn good)- mix of fries, although compared to my fav restaurant in chicago Rockit's sweet potato fries, Delux's are a little soggy and limp like that guy from 'revenge of the nerds' trying to throw a footballit's a cool spot and is open LATE NIGHT...big plus and hard to find in this area(note: the place is small, seating is tight, but there is outdoor seating as well)
3	Great fries and sauce. Pretty much it. Waiters and Waitresses are usually very friendly but very busy. Kind of over-priced for what it is and very yuppie filled.
4	Two years ago, I moved from the Bay Area to Phoenix (and yes, I have had Barney's burgers, and Delux is WAY better).  I moved into a place behind Delux and an addiction was spawned.  This is THE BEST PLACE in Phoenix to get your late-night eating on.  Open 'til 2 a.m., I can blame Delux for my extra 5 lbs. of Phoenix weight.  Here's what would happen: I would get into my pajamas and get into bed, at around 11 p.m.  Then, I would start thinking about the sweet potato fries with their completely crack-addictive aioli.  I would open my window a little bit and then start to smell a little burger grease.  Like a mindless zombie, I would then get OUT of bed, put on clothes, walk through the gate to Delux, and order a shopping cart of sweet potato fries and their house burger.  This would happen 2-3 times a week and it was Heaven. The herbs and seasoning on the fries make them the best I've ever had. I took my parents here and they could not speak for several minutes.  It was that good.Although trendy, yuppyish, etc., I was always made to feel comfortable here, even if I came in my sweats. Alone. In the night.The only thing I would recommend for change is their salad.  I really like caprese salads and theirs would be MUCH MUCH better with a lil' fleur de sel and some balsamic reduction, NOT just watered-down balsamic.  I moved back to the Bay Area last year and have to satisfy my burger and sweet potato fries cravings at The Counter in Palo Alto.  It's a poorman's version of Delux and every time I eat there, I feel depressed with how much I miss Delux.  I have seriously contemplated buying an airline ticket and staying in a hotel just so I can go to Phoenix for a weekend and gorge myself on Delux and a few of my other favorite Phoenix restaurants.The justifiably "higher-than-your-average-burger-joint" prices are somewhat defrayed if you ask for a VIP card: they give you 10% off the food at Delux and Zen 32!
5	This is one of my favorite burger places...and it doesn't hurt that they make some fantastic martinis to go with :)The sweet potato fries are the best in the city - if I say so myself (and I think I've tried them all).  Sometimes you have to wait here, but it is always worth the extra time.
4	4 and a half, really!  Burgers are great!  One of the few places that will give you a medium rare burger without hasseling you.  I love my burgers medium rare and juicy!The the sweet potato fries, too!  I really want to try the chicken panini and the grilled cheese, but I just can't stop eating my fave burger, the standard.The ultimate is the chocolate malt, made with chocolate ice cream instead of vanilla ice cream with choclate syrup added...there is a difference.Great after a hang over or on a date, guys dig burgers.
2	Okay, first, the service here is totally shitty. -5 stars, duh.The burgers are yum. +3 starsThe beer selection? OMG BRB S&M BBQ LOL. AWESOME. +4 stars
3	Don't come for the burgers or the sandwiches.Come for the fries and the atmosphere. I agree with most of the reviews, the fries are awesome and its a great people watching place.  They have the tilted mirrors.  I would have given it one star but the fries are really good (mainly the dipping sauce).Its kinda cramped so look out for large parties.  The bathrooms are large, clean, stylish, lockable, and unisex. So if you don't go for the food at least go for the fun.
3	Its open late, its tasty, its better than seating at a Denny's late night, but I don't think I crave anything from there except for the Sweet Potato french fries, and if your a slob like me and don't mind a mild heart attack along with your food, ask for the Pesto Mayo with your Burger...yummmm
4	The attitude here is a little too elite for my taste. However, I love that it is open late and they also happen to have the best damn sweet potato fries in town (think aioli!). The burgers are the only way to go here, I've had the tuna sandwich and the fish was horribly dry. As well as the veggie wrap. The salads are mediocre for their price. Def stick with the burgers.
5	Can you be a member of PHX yelp having NOT reviewed Delux?  This is like being jumped into Los Yelpes Gigantes.Since Delux has been reviewed consistently for over two years, there is nothing that I can offer as a varied opinion, but i thought, what the hell?  I don't stop breathing air just cos everyone else has already done it.  Some things are necessary.Delux is like your all-time favorite song.  Sure, you've had it over and over again, you know its intricacies, you've interpreted, and digested its offerings.  And then something happens that shocks you.  You get sick of it.So, you stash it away, lose it on your memory's playback, and banish it from your favorite playlist.Sometime later, it comes up again, and you think ... "Oh yeahhhh!"This is Delux.  So you go back, get your usual pint of Anchor Steam, your maytag burger, and the halfer of sweet potato/boring potato fries.Then you wonder why you ever shunned it.  This shit is great.  I won't ever dismiss it again.  Pretty soon, it will be a classic and you'll hear everyone talk stories about it, how they were there in 1972 when Delux opened for The Kinks.
4	I visited this place on the way home from getting my taxes done and I was famished.  My wife and I sat at the long, blue table along the middle of the restaurant...We ordered the mixed fry shopping cart with both normal fries and the sweet potato kind...Great!  The spicy aioli mix was great and the fries were seasoned just right...The Delux burger was worth the hype I'd heard..Grain-fed, well-cooked and perfectly well done!  My wife's turkey burger was good too and I usually hate turkey burgers..They have an amazing beer selection...I actually got a Four Peaks Hop Knot and I wasn't at Papago or Four Peaks...I was really pleasantly surprised and recommend this place highly...I can only imagine after a night of drinking how a burger would taste at one in the morning!
3	Delux seemed a little yuppie for me, but we tried it anyways after my friend kept raving about it. I got the original Delux burger with the caramelized onions and whatnot on it. I liked the soft baguette it came on; but at the same time when I want a burger I want a BURGER, you know? So one of those oversized buns would have been better, I think. We shared an order of the sweet potato and regular fries, which were good with that aoili dip that comes with it. They were crispy and thin cut, which I liked. I was disappointed with their small selection of burgers. I like variety. But they did offer salads (the chinese chicken salad, by the way, is great) and I think a few other items. On the plus side, they're open to 2am... and they have cool bathrooms if that counts for anything.
4	Excellent!  Sometimes a little noisy.  Sometimes a wait. I pretty much always get a lettuce wrap cheeseburger, their bread is too big AND sweet potato fries!  I love how the fries come out in little shopping carts.  It was the first restaurant I had been too after living in NYC that reminded me of NYC!  That was one of reasons we kept going back.  And now they have cupcakes too!  Or just head across the street for gelato!
4	FOOD: Arguably the best burger I've ever had. The sauce they have on it is what makes it. The bread is also good. The sweet potato fries are a must have! Get a pint of beer to wash it down, they have a good selection. PRICE: Expensive by burger standards. A burger is about $9, drinks are around $6, fries around $3. SERVICE: The wait can be painful, I once waited over an hour with some friends for a table. The dining area is simply too small for how many people want to eat at Delux. Luckily, they gave us a discount on our meal for waiting so long. ATMOSPHERE: Really odd blend of stylish bar and a burger joint. It's funny to see people dress all up for a burger. SKINNY: Come here on weekends with a group of friends for an excellent burger and good drinks. You will be back again.
4	Yum!!!I just wish it were... like three times its size.I love their fries in the little shopping cart.... yum!And cute.I love cute food.
5	One of the few places I recommend in Phoenix. The delux burger here is just WONDERFUL! Another GR8 thing about Delux is that the place is open daily till 2 AM! Perfect 4 after a concert or other late night outing.
5	Delicious food! Sweet potato fries are to die for, wish I could make them myself just like theirs. They come in a little mini-grocery cart, so cute! I remember we had these seasonal beer samplers - I think you get like five samples of beer or something; they tell you all about each one. Very cool. I like sitting outside so you can people-watch. Gelato Spot is a must afterward (100 feet away or so).  My only complaint would be the size of the place. You are in close quarters with everyone and can't really get the intimate feel if you're on a date.
5	I have been here so many times... to many to count in fact.  And I always resisted writing a review because there are so many already that I didn't think it would matter.  But last night I went to dinner there with Michael and a couple girlfriends of mine... we had a great time and the service was awesome!  Our server's name was Jaime and she was wonderful!  I just wanted to let everyone know that good service at delux is possible:)  Of course I got the delux burger and a basket of sweet potato fries... Yummy!
5	I would move back to Phoenix just for this restaurant.  My roomate introduced me and although I've been there only once, that was all it took for me to fall in love with this unique Burger joint.   Its probably the best burger I'll ever have!  The fries (regular and sweet potato) come in cute little shopping carts!  Great beer selection and the menu isn't too extensive, but don't bother with anything else than the burger! Not too pricey, and the wait staff is friendly.  Unfortunately is so damn good, its always crowded and the seating area is just so friggin small!  You're kinda seated family style on this long table on bar chairs that don't move.  Wait can be looong sometimes, but trust me, its all worth it in the end when you take your first bite!!  Gosh, my mouth is watering!!!!
4	Atmosphere is a little too "hip" for me, but not bad.  Food is REALLY good.  Had an excellent burger, and sweet potato fries (Ta-HAY-STEE! - and served in a mini shopping cart).  Oh, and a chocolate shake as well, which was really good.  It's served with 2 straws, date or not, so there ya go.   No alcohol for me so I can't comment on that... but the vittles are top notch, yet at bar room prices.
5	I loved everything about this place except the location.  I was a little drunk from a wedding when I visited & all I could remember about the location was that it was in a strip mall next to a Safeway supermarket. No Bueno!  Get past that & there's no turning back.  The atmosphere draws you in like a moth to a flame & then curiousity strikes....it looks like a bar so will their food taste like 'bar food'?? Nope, not at all!!  I had a delux burger, sweet potato fries, a red velvet cupcake for dessert & a martini (I forget what's it's called) to wash it all down. Ahh...that's the stuff [food] dreams are made of.
4	Great burgers!  If you're going to pay $9 for a hamburger, this is the place to do it.  Don't forget to get the sweet potato fries.......& if you wanna go for a real calorie fest............ the milkshakes are good too.  Unfortunately, I will say I was rather disappointed with the Red Velvet Cupcake.  It was just the opposite of what it should be.  It's dry & there is waaaaaay too much frosting.Service is good, but expect to wait a little bit for a table, no matter what time you go.
4	Good food, good service and nice environment.  I ordered the hot dog with fries and had a Kemp's root beer to drink, for lunch.  The fries (regular not sweet potato) were excellent and the hot dog was pretty good, too.  The only thing that could be improved upon is the seating.  I sat at the long community table and I liked that idea, but the bar stools are bolted to the floor, so I had to sit an uncomfortable distance from the table.  At the least, I'd prefer to be able to move the bar stools.  The best change may be to get rid of the bar stools for more comfortable high seated chairs.  All in all a very good experience.
4	My boyfriend just reviewed this place and although we have never  been here together - I thought that I might chime in as well. I really enjoyed this little burger place.  It makes eating a burger seem fancy in a very modern setting.  I really LIKE the sweet potato french fries....Mmmmm!
4	The only down to this place is the stripmall-esque location. But this is not your average burger joint. These are creative, high-end burgers. You have your choice of regular our sweet potato (not my cup of tea) fries, served in a mini table-top shopping cart. Great selection of beers and an AWESOME trendy bar. Definitely worth check-in out
3	Ah delux you little fancy hamburger joint, that must have a corporate account at Ikea or something because that place is chalk full of swedish furniture. Any how this place is pretty fun, its open till 2 in the morn which is a big plus in my book, the tap beer is extensive but in a beer snob way its kinda boring. It reminds me of the fathers office, I'm sure they ripped the shopping cart thing from them but its all gravy if you like fancy burgers at 2 in the morn than go getcha some son.
3	Pretty awesome joint, except it left little to the herbivores. The potatoes are great, serving either french or sweet fries, the little shopping cart they come in is interesting (and confusing). good place to go in Phoenix when you got a hunger after midnight and Denny's just ain't cuttin it any more. sad though that it seems out of place in a strip mall sandwiched (or hamburgered i might say) between an Asian restaurant and a nail salon. awesome hip, feel, but packed at 1:30 am. the cranberry and white chocolate chip cookies are orgasmic by the way.
3	Ohhh Delux. This is definitely the spot to cure a hungry stomach. The panini's are pretty incredible and their french fries in their little carts are their best match. Their burgers are equally as awesome, they're not your typical burger joint. This place adds character to their burgers, something that doesn't come around often.One of the few that is open late (2 AM), which is always a plus, but the only downfall is that it is always crowded whenever I go.
3	Delux, seriously. It's well-done. The kitchen stays open until 2am and the Grilled Cheese is out of this "californian cuisine" galaxy. I had to switch from the Delux Burger because I think it stopped my heart for a few seconds in my sleep the night I decided to take it all in. I'm usually just here for the beer anyways and it's not bad with 17+ on tap.No can do on Friday/ Saturday night. The wait will be an hour. Yes, still. Shut up you CenPho/ Biltmore trendsters.... oh wait.
4	Oh heavens.I think of this place when I'm at work on a stressful day, willing my bottled water to morph into a chocolate Delux martini.  I am on pins and needles waiting for their new location to open on Scottsdale and Camelback so it'll be just a hop, skip, and a jump away from work.  I'll admit it: I've never had a Delux burger.  Oh, I've had their sweet potato fries and orgasmic chipotle sauce; I've had their French vanilla and chocolate martinis; I've been there in both the afternoon and the evening.  But I stick to what I know and love, and that's the caprese salad (or, "tomato mozzarella salad," as it's listed on the menu).  It really doesn't get much better than that.  The ambience is hip and cozy, my favorite spot being not the booths or the bar, but the long blue lit table in the middle, where you have a bird's eye view of the whole room.  It's a good spot to sit and drink and watch the sun go down.I used to go here with one of my best friends, who recently passed.  I wasn't sure how I'd handle it, going back for the first time since he's been gone, what with the times we'd had there fairly permeating throughout the place.  However, the bittersweet nostalgia was quickly squelched by the idiocy of our waitress, who clearly was not aware of what planet she was on.  She was harmless and sweet enough, but not very bright.  She had to ask us several times for our order, and then brought out the wrong things.  She even brought one of my friends a coke without rum when she had very clearly had enunciated her choice of beverage.  It took her at least half an hour to come back and check on us, at which point she didn't note our empty glasses and listlessly said something vague about how she didn't know when our food would be out.  Frankly, I was embarrassed, because having been there numerous times with impeccable, speedy service, I was worried about my friends to whom I was introducing Delux for the first time thinking that the service was utter crap.  I laughed nervously and remarked to my friends in a low voice that the "tip meter" was running.Thankfully, the sweet potato fries were amazing, and we tried to eat them slowly as our stomachs rumbled during almost an hour while we waited for our food.  When the entrees came out, my guests were duly impressed by the quality of the cuisine and quickly forgot the ditz waitress, albeit an empty drink or two...or three.In summation, the food is excellent, and the martinis are even better.  But perhaps nowadays the service is touch and go.  I'll have to go back and reassess.
5	DUDE, I would TOTALLY go back. The atmosphere of this place is absolutely awesome. You walk in and it feels like a modern, classy lounge. The first thing I noticed was the ridiculous amount of beers they have on tap. As I sat down, I proceeded to count and they had 40 different beers on tap. FORTY. I've NEVER seen that many in my life!! That's raw -- way to go Delux.DELUX BURGER (the first one on the menu) - Um, YEAH IT HIT THE SPOT. I wasn't brave enough to try the cheese that was on the burger so I swapped it for some melted cheddar. The waitress even suggested I do that if I wasn't bold enough to try this two cheese mix that was supposed to go on the burger. Shrug. FRENCH FRIES - Kinda tasted like McDonalds...so it was GOOD.SWEET POTATO FRIES - This is a MUST ORDER.Anyway, your fries come in a cute small shopping cart w/ a side of ketchup and I believe what was a chipotle mayo sauce. It was tasty nonetheless and the chipotle mayo sauce tasted magnificent on your burger.This place can get somewhat pricey but it was $10 for an orgasmic burger. YUM. Definitely a cute place to go on a casual date.(Photos uploaded)
4	I had to try this after reading all the positive reviews here on Yelp. I was not disappointed.The look of the place is very modern an chic. The wait was only 20 min on a Saturday night, the service was excellent. The group seating was unique, but enjoyable.I savored my Delux burger and tried my gf's Panini Chicken sandwich - both were delicious. We also tried the sweet potato and french fries with an amazing mayo-chili sauce they served along with ketchup. The iced tea was really good too (which is hard to find).I will definitely keep Delux on my radar.
4	So, I know I am not the first to review Delux, but it was a pretty good experience, so here I am.  First, let me be honest.  I don't eat red meat.  This makes eating at Delux a little unusual but pleasently enough, not impossible.  I went with my friend (early, because I have seen how busy it gets when I hit up Zen 32).  The decor was super cute (which I find important) and I love that french fries come in a shopping cart.  Anyway, I went because my friend had a major hankering for some of the cupcakes.  I got the turkey burger (because of the no red meat thing) and it was pretty fantastic.  I took off the tomato (I hate them), but they had a cute sign that told the customers why theirs were still safe.  My friend had a burger (of some sort...I didn't pay too much attention...sorry) and she really enjoyed it (although she asked for medium and it was probably medium rare...she couldn't eat the middle).  I am telling you that it is good.  I want to go back for sure.Oh yeah, one last thing, the burgers are huge!  I couldn't finish mine...but I really did want to...
4	Any place that serves the full menu until 2 a.m. is awesome!  Aside from food till 2 a.m. (that's every night by the way), the food is fabulous.  So are the drinks.  I'll admit that I've only ever had the burgers, but damn they're good.  This place is on the pricey side...but who can put a price on a great burger?Also, they have a to-go side too!Make sure to try the red velvet cup cakes, if you still have room after the burger.
5	This place serves the best burger I have ever had. It's a hip joint with a great menu and amazing quality food. No weaknesses.Go for the Delux Burger with sweet taters (and extra helpings of aioli).
4	Strolled up to Delux today shortly before 7pm and was pleasantly surprised to see some empty tables on a Friday night. My friend & I decided to forgo the 5 minute wait to sit inside (because I was THAT hungry) and were seated right away on the patio. Yes, it was hot as hell and the misters didn't do much,  but I just needed to be fed ASAP! I had my usual (Delux burger), my friend had the turkey burger and we shared an order of sweet potato fries. I'm really glad he got the turkey burger because I've always wanted to try it, but was always hesitant to order it in case it sucked. It actually turned out to be really good! I'll probably order it the next time I'm there. And the sweet potato fries are so nice & crispy!!! I almost didn't order them because the past several times (last year) the fries were limp (even when I requested them to be well-done/crispy). I guess they finally got a clue and now I heart their fries.. yummy! Our waitress, Jessica, was great. She was really helpful, friendly and always made sure our drinks were topped off.
4	Delux rocks. Good service, a full bar, great menu and its open late! if your feel'n not so much like a burger, get the Chinese Chicken Salad or the Grilled Cheese! ........And don't forget about the root beer on tap!
4	I LOVE the Delux burger!  Plus it has Kolsh on tap which is awesome by me!  The rest of the menu.. not so exciting, but damn that burger is good!
2	WTF this place has really gone downhill.I ate here twice last week and neither time was impressive. Meal one: My turkey burger was so dry and yucky that I only ate the avocado off the top. The burger was like hockey puck. The bun was a little stale. The fries were okay. The waitress did not notice my disdain. Meal two: Seriously the worst grilled cheese Panini I ever had. The sweet potato fries were okay but didn't hold a candle to Fez fries. I do like purse hooks at the bar. I remember a time when Delux served delicious food that was well prepared and um..actually tasted good. Now two sucky sandwiches later I long for the yesteryear of Delux.Even the a la care fries lost their charm.Step it up Delux you are losing me!
4	Been hearing about Delux for a long time and finally went Saturday.  The only bad thing is that you don't have a lot of privacy...tables are really close together, but as long as you're not on a fancy date or doing business, it's great!  Burgers were incredible.  Fries served in a tiny shopping basket are a cute idea. Nice atmosphere and great food!
2	The food is ok.  I like the ambiance....it's a little expensive
5	A few of my favorite things about Delux:-It's open LATE (2am every single night)-SWEET POTATO FRIES!  They are nice and crispy.  I always order the mixed fries (regular and sweet potato mixed together and served in a mini shopping cart)-The blue lighting (under the table and around the small restaurant/bar) which gives the whole place a soothing, yet vibrant blue glow.-Wide selection of Martinis (I would love it more if they weren't at least $11 each, but that's definitely standard for a specialty martini).-Bar setting without carding at the door (then no one gets excluded from delicious food just because they aren't old enough to drink).-Dessert: Mmmm ChocolateDelux is one of my favorite places to take someone when I want to hop out of the ASU Tempe area (over to Phoenix), but don't want to go too far.   I love the long, slightly higher table with stools (but not as high as a high top) that runs down the center of Delux.  It's always fun to sit next to interesting people and strike up (even brief) conversations as you wait for your food.  The bathrooms are two dark individual rooms (both unisex) with a sink and vanity area between them.  They have bead curtains around the urinals which was a nice was to add some glitz.
5	All around great burger place with a martini twist.  I've been here many times and have to say it's a great place to drink and meet new people.  I highly recommend the common table in the middle of the place.  Service was great and the atmosphere is cool and hip. SWEET POTATO FRIES....enough said.
4	I love Delux! The sweet potato fries are to die for! So are the burgers, the caprese salad and the veggie panini. I've never really had an outstanding server, maybe because the place is always busy and crowded, but as long as they watch my drink levels and get me my food, I am fine. The Banana Split dessert is fantastic...they even give you a side of hot chocolate syrup to pour over the ice cream--and I dont even care for chocolate that much. I usually do lunch there, but have had some nice nights out with friends munchin on fries and drinking Hefewiezen draft beer.
2	Maybe you have to come here at night? At lunch it was just OK. The burger was fine bit nothing special and the fries were good. I had heard a ton of hype about this place and it didn't live up to it.In'n'Out for me next time.
5	Delux rocks!! I always get the grilled cheese and it is delicous!! sooo good. I order take out pretty much every week from Delux, and my bf always gets the 'delux burger' it is soo good too. The mixed fries are so tasty. Also they don't close at 9 pm like most other restaurants! So if you are feeling like a late night snack definitly try this place...
4	My burger really was very good. I must say though... the sweet potato fries are WAY better at FEZ. You have to admit, Fez fries are hard to beat. I have only ever been for lunch so I can't say much about the drinks and what not. It's usually pretty busy, I try to go early or late. I have tried to do pick up and it wasn't my brightest idea. I had asked for my meal to be ready by a specific pick up time and by the time I got it, it was already soggy. Ick. I'll stick to dine in. So much for trying to beat the crowd.
5	OH I have a craving and its Delux...in fact that's where I will be at lunch today!!Enjoying their basket of sweet potato fries and a Delux burger....no wait I will have a Beet Salad maybe to start...or the Chinese Chicken Salad....mmmm....yummy!!Get there before 11:30 or else you are screwed - first of all parking is crazy there....getting a table is next to impossible!!There is also a take-out counter side with a selection of pastries and RED VELVET CUPCAKES!!or Gelato Spot is across the parking lot!! =0)
4	Delux perhaps defined the entire summer I spent in Phoenix. I have only fond memories of this place.Hip: let's get this out of the way first. Yes, from the blue and black lights in funky round balls atop the bar to the center table with stools to the booths along the side, the interior oozes of cool. I am particularly picky about where I sit in restaurants, but I tried pretty much every seat in the house here and I will say they're all great for whatever matches your mood. The place is small inside, and there's sometimes waits during peak hours/weekends. The hours. This is what really made Delux...well, deluxe for me. It's open so late, and I loved coming here for a more mellow nightcap on weekends. The drink list is superb (essentially, the food consists of one page and the drinks are the other 7 pages of the menu) and I always found the bartender to prepare our drinks well and quickly.Now, the food. Burgers. Are. Delicious. They are basically your high class, uber-chic and swanky burgers with impeccable presentation. I was impressed. I must say I'm sold on not only the image but also the taste. The perfect ratio of protein-carb-toppings. I would highly suggest pretty much any of their burgers, but start with their Delux Burger. It's the staple. As for the sides, yes, the fries (sweet potato AND regular) are tasty and adorable, coming in this little shopping cart, which makes it perfect to share. They are, likewise, delicious. Also, they don't make you feel like you need to go run a marathon or your heart might give out on you, so that was always a huge incentive for me to indulge.Service has always been good here on the whole. Sometimes, naturally, during the busy times it can get a little slow and you can feel slightly neglected, but hopefully your company and/or the food will ease the pain.I miss Delux. A LOT. I am also dying to try their cupcakes, which weren't part of the menu when I was last there...
3	Sometimes I love delux, sometimes I don't. The greatest variable usually being the service which is incredibly inconsistent. The staff  needs to learn you can be hip without being pretentious. (A seemingly difficult task, but obviously an art that has been mastered by many Phoenix proprietors.) If the service was as up to snuff as the food, I would definitely have to bump up a star or two....I want to give a better rating, especially since the bathroom is awesome & always super clean and smells like home-baked goods, but service is just too crucial to overlook!
5	112th review for Delux.  I give it five stars because it's the best burger in Phoenix.  Get it medium rare (rare is even better) and ENJOY.  The sweet potato fries are the best I've found as well.  Good beer selection.  Smallish restaurant can have quite a wait, particularly later at night.  Worth it though.
3	Delux is anything but. They really should have called it, "Sometimes Good, Sometimes Bad but Mostly Just OK" There are definately some rules you have to follow here:  1) Always get an order of sweet potato fries. 2) Never do the mixed cart of fries as the cart always comes less than full 3) Never go during the day (you can see how dirty/not well maintained the place is)   4) Always order beer as their stock is great and it helps you forget about what you may have seen if you didn't follow rule 3 and looked at the floor or under your table.
2	Delux, what did you do to yourself? you get all these awesome reviews and then you let you asshole fall out. the first two times i ate here pretty close to just after you opened i had great food and good service. the grilled cheese was awesome and your burgers too..the fries were good, especially the sweet potato ones. the last 3 times i visited your bosom, i was turned away by the uppity, unintelligent service staff and the lack luster food. did i miss something? do you just not care about your appearance anymore? have you been turned out so long you are a used up toothless whore now? i think so. sorry honey, I've found some new piece of ass. keep on strolling.Yelp.
5	So I was just passing through Phoenix and decided to check this place out.  What a good decision that turned out to be.  I ordered the Delux Burger medium rare which was cooked perfectly, moist and flavorful.  I also ordered the mixed basket of french fries and sweet potato fries which comes in a novel "mini shopping cart".  The only thing cooler would have been if we were able to take it home as a souvenir.  The fries were also cooked perfectly, not too oily but crispy with a nice subtle sweetness on the sweet potato fries.  The staff was also very friendly and expedient and they have a huge selection of beers on tap.  The only downside I can think of would be the price, which isn't exorbitant but also isn't the cheapest burger you're going to eat.  Still, the quality of the food and the excellent service have me giving Delux an emphatic 2 thumbs up.
3	Delux Burger is owned by the same guy that owns Zen 32 so, after my horrible experience at Zen I did not feel like driving anywhere else so me and my friend walked to delux, burgers are a not really what we were looking for considering we originally wanted sushi, now this is not the first time at Delux  but it is the first time I yelped about it.  And being that Zen sucked ass, I would give Lenny a chance at redemption.We were greeted promptly, and Delux was not that busy so we had our choice of seating, it was a bit cold outside so I decided against the patio, which is were I normally sit when I go here for space reasons. This time we took a seat at the end of the middle bar.Service was good, our server Mike did an excellent job checking up on us and refilling are drinks and making sure we had everything we needed through out our meal. For the most part Delux burger was the same as I remember it, the burger I got was good, I had the turkey burger with the sweet potato fries in the little grocery cart, which I am still trying to figure out what this cart has to do with anything at all, I guess the novelty was cool the first time I was there, but now it just kind of takes up to much space on my table, and the little shopping cart did not look very clean, like it had not been washed, so I I think it is time for it to go.Another thing is the seating in this place is not your typical burger joint, it is more of seating for a sushi bar, the patio is the best spot to sit for space.One thing that my date noticed was that at the bar they have hooks underneath the bar in front of each stool, which we guessed was for hanging your purse or bag, which is a great idea, and I think would be cool if more places had them.In general Delux is OK, the food is descent, nothing to rave home about, the sweet fries are worth coming here for, and the beer selection and bar is great, the seating is cramped if your a big guy like me you will want to sit on the patio. I noticed the place is not very clean, and in general they seemed to have allot of staff on hand, we had a good server but there were allot of employees standing around being worthless for the most part. Delux is OK, not the best in my book I would say more of a 2 and 1/2 star...still waiting for yelp to go with the half a star system...not quite a 3 star, but was OK.
2	Sometimes I just want a burger.  But normally burger joints aren't this swanky.  So after much campaigning from my brother, I went and tried out this small hangout near the Biltmore area.  And I left hooked, but not on the burger.The inside is pretty small with glowing tables crammed together to where only a small group of people can fit (and even then just barely).  They usually play music you'd expect to hear at a club in Scottsdale with mixes of pop, hip hop and techno blaring on the speakers.  The crowd at the restaurant mirrors that feel as most of the people I encountered were very fashion conscious and sporting the bling.  As a whole, the atmosphere wasn't my thing, but for some in the chic crowd this might be to your liking.Anyways lets get to the food.  I got the staple Delux Burger which is served on a baguette with and has a different (almost fruity) sauce to go with it.  It was okay.  Nothing spectacular.  Then I tried the one thing that might (I stress the word might) bring me back to this place.  The sweet potato fries and the accompanying sauces.  Talk about addictive!  I rummaged through my little shopping cart of fries in no time flat.  The fries alone were almost enough to make me warm up to this place.In the end however, the noise, the slow service, and cramped feel of the place was too much.  Normally I always stick around to try dessert at a new place, but I constantly got bumped into either by the person sitting behind me or the passing waitress.  I had to constantly shout across the table to carry on a conversation with my bro and it just seemed like they were squeezing more and more people into the restaurant as the evening went on.  We'd had enough and didn't stick around for dessert.Now to be fair, maybe I picked a bad day to go or my experience was highly unusual.  But I was sure that Sunday evening wouldn't be that crowded and one would think a restaurant's signature burger would be the one to knock your socks off.  Again, I just felt like I was suffacating at a crowded night club more than anything.  Not one to hold a grudge, I don't want to discourage people from giving these guys a try.  Judging from the crowds we saw it looks like it has a pretty solid following.  I just wish I'd decided to grill my own burger on the Foreman that night.
4	Only delux could make me want to be a homeless shopping cart man lugging my overflowing carts of spoils from place to place. I mean... homeless people's carts are full of the best sweet potatoe fries ever also, right? The spicy sauce that comes with them, amazing.... mouthwateringly amazing.  Service is always hit or miss, one star gone for that but for the food here i would suffer far worse than pretentious scottsdaleyians that think they are above slangin' burgers.  So i like to drink martinis, dirty, Chopin, and shaken hard.  Our server returns to our table with a shaker and glass, she shakes it, pores it filling my glass to the lip, and leaves the shaker which is still full of booze. WTF are we in a dinner and i just got a malt!? How awesome is that, makes the $14 price tag much less painful. Burgers... amazing. Red meat at its pinnacle. Beet salad is great also. Do yourself a favor and get a Rogue beer on tap, this is one of two places in AZ i have been to that carry them. I love delux, it is trendy and pretty much SUCKS unless you sit on the patio but the pros far outway the cons.
3	good burgers, fries are served in a tiny shopping cart, optional sweet potatoe fries
4	I tried this burger for the first time last night.  I took them up on the medium rare recommendation and was not disappointed.  The bun was very light and crisp and served to complement the burger, so the emphasis was properly placed on the burger itself.  The fries in the shopping cart were a nice creative touch.  They were solid aside from the presentation.  Allow for extra time to park, as the lot is incredibly crowded.
3	Had the Delux burger and shared some sweet potato and regular fries. Food wasn't mindblowing, but decent.  Atmosphere is pretty cool for the strip mall location and service was pretty good. Overall, a good experience and I would probably return if I were in town again.
4	Had it twice. Both times good.
2	Voted "Best Burger," by the Phoenix Magazine, January 09 Dining Guide issue, Delux's Delux Burger was far from the best. The burger was nothing more than an under-seasoned and over-cooked beef patty confined in an oversized soggy baguette. The burger is supposed to have been dressed with organic rocket, caramelized onions, applewood-smoked bacon and blue and gruyere cheeses. Should have had a lot of flavor, right? But it didn't. The only identifiable flavor was the sweetness of the caramelized onions. Also, the roasted beet salad was overdressed and soggy. If it wasn't for the texture of the beets I wouldn't have known they were there.  The sweet and earthy flavor that I was hoping for was lost due to the overabundance of the salty blue cheese and sweet balsamic vinaigrette. Delux does have a couple things going for them: a pretty cool ambience, an extensive drink menu, and they serve up a refreshingly cold glass of H2o.
3	Delux is a very 'sceney' late night bar/restaurant.  I like their sweet potato fries, but I'm not a fan of much else there.  The buns they use for their sandwiches/burgers are, in my opinion, of poor quality and texture.  They need to use better bread/buns.
4	Delux, a trendy, happening Burger joint in the Biltmore area. Why the hell is this metal head going there to eat??- Great selection of beer on tap. The bar offerings are 3/4's of the menu. They did a good job on creating signature drinks and breaking down the beer selection into styles, Lagers, Ambers, Porters/Stouts, etc. To help the not so intelligent beer drinker figure out what looked delicious. -Pop quiz: How does a restaurant get away selling a hamburger for $9.50? Topless servers? No. Lottery ticket with every purchase? No. It's by hand crafting their burgers, with bits of blue cheese, serving them with rocket (arugula for the lame) and caramelized onions on a bakery roll. The burgers are cooked to the customers specifics, Rare, Med, Rare, etc, which is a nice change of pace from the fast food joints. The roll does get a bit soggy, but that is just culinary chemistry. When proteins cook, they squeeze moisture out. Once a burger goes straight from grill to bun and cut in half, the juices start flowing. They might want to revisit their burger display idea and either leave it whole or let it rest for a few minutes after grilling to let the juices redistribute. -Also their sweet tater fries are delicious. I'm sure they're commercial made fries, but they are tasty. And served in a cute little mini-shopping cart (Gag me now)All in all. Want something to eat after 10pm? Go get a burger and beer and hangout on the patio.
4	I know it's totally creepy, but I fantasize about those sweet potato fries and aioli. Like a bathtub made out of sweet potato fries and filled up with aioli. Or a sweet potato fries swimsuit in a swimming pool of aioli. You get the point. I'm not proud of it. Especially because adding $6 fries to my $9 veggie panini is not a frugal choice. But there is no way I can go to Delux and not get those goddamn fries!The kitchen is open late 7 days a week. It's wonderful. I can get my fix at 1:30am on a Sunday, even! If You show up near typical dinner time, though, prepare to wait. Try not to stare too hungrily at all the patio diners stuffing their faces with burgers and beer. The service is usually decent and the food is yummy. But all the bread and cheese and, yes, sweet potato fries, make me feel a little regretful and terribly sleepy afterward.
5	Delux is a somewhat-trendy hangout where you can easily make getting a burger and a beer part of your weekly routine. The atmosphere is sleek and chatty, with a distinct focus on their wide-range of beers on-tap that lines the bar area and a large communal table in the center of the restaurant. Delux rotates seasonal specialties into their beer selection so you're always either trying something new or enjoying an old favorite.When it comes to the food at Delux the obvious choices are between one of two burgers, the Delux Burger or the Standard Classic. Both are BIG patties of meat that are recommended to be cooked to the rarer side. Which ever you decide on, it's sure to be filling and delicious, especially when paired with a basket of mixed (regular and sweet-potato) fries.Much can be said about Delux's alternative sandwiches however. The vegetable panini and turkey burgers are flavorful, lighter alternative to the heavy burger. Delux's gazpacho soup is perfect for cooling down in the summer heat or anytime as a small snack. Service is happy and usually snappy. Prices are reasonable though have risen steadily over the past few years (but where hasn't?). If it's past 10pm and dinner has still yet to be eaten, the choice to go to Delux is a no-brainer! Overall, a great place to frequent in the valley!
4	This is a solid 4-star joint. Based on the food and beer selection alone. The burgers are really, really good. It's a well seasoned and dressed with caramelized onions and arugula on a ciabatta or brioche type roll....And the gazpacho - this is one of the valley's best gazpacho's. Considering there are 130+ reviews on this place - it strikes me odd to not see any comments about their seating and ambiance. Delux is little. At one point, they seemed to have realized how great they were doing, and smooshed every possible table,booth and chair together to try and squeeze every last possible patron. D's ToGo (next door) is a great concept, but it seems that space could be programmed better. Utilize curbside or call ahead pickup instead of cramming us in the main area like sardines. And although trendy and stylish, if this were anything but "Delux", we would all be yelping about their shameless exaggeration of their logo and branding. Just take a look at how many Ds you see floating around the restaurant...We get it - we're at Delux, eating Delux burgers, going to Delux bathrooms, ordering Delux beer, wiping our asses with Delux toilet paper. It's a FUN place with GREAT beer, though.... Remember that! Oh yea, their fries are good. Not great. And a bit overpriced... And so many people have sweet potato fries now, I wouldn't be surprised if I saw something new starting to accompany the burgers....
4	I love, love, love Delux!It's open super late and that atmosphere is almost so hip it hurts. The Chinese chicken salad [I order it without chicken] is a crisp, nice, vegetarian option. Plus, it's served in a gigantic bowl with more than enough to share with a friend or two. Plus, the mixed sweet potato and white potato fries come served in a little grocery cart. How cute is that?!
5	Delux is awesome!!! Any place that serves a Hebrew National hot dog is A-motherfing-OK with me. It is the only kind of hot dog I will eat, being a good Jew and all. It comes with sauerkraut and choice of mustards, or whatever else you want on it. Their "basket" of sweet potato fries are on time as well. Literally a small metal shopping basket. I like them with regular ketchup, but they are served with a dipping sauce that is pretty good. I have had the Delux Burger once. It was good as well, but i always get the dog. They have a great selection of beers, but I always go to the old standby; Stella Artois, in authentic glass and all. My none beer drinking friend Dally even gets some sort of fruity ale-type beer. So it has a good mix. They have a pretty decent dessert menu as well. I have split the banana split sundae before and couldn't get through it all. It could probably feed 4 or 5. Delux is great. It is open late, but can have a wait earlier in the evening.
4	First time going there was this weekend, and took some friends from LA out prior to a night out in Old Town.  I had heard nothing but good things, and was pleasantly surprised immediately walking in the door to find that they had 20+ quality beers on tap.  Split the Delux Burger with the lady and we had a basket (shopping cart) of those delicious mixed fries.  The fries and sweet potato fries were delicious and the burger was great.  Not the most amazing burger I have ever had, but when I can grab bar food of that quality at 10:30pm and spend less then $30 for 2 people, I can't complain.Only complaint was the music...too many restaurants have the cheeseball Thievery Corporation and other knockoffs droning in the background.
4	Well, compared to Father's Office in Santa Monica Delux comes in right in second place. Delux has a very yummy Delux Burger which rocks! The staff is always friendly and helpful. Oh and who can forget the yummy sweet potato fries. The food has always been great with excellent service. I highly recommend Delux if you and one or two other people however I would not recommend it for larger groups! Try it! And remember...sweet potato fries!
4	oh yeah burger boiee! this place is always a great spot for a yummy burger cooked to perfection. for me, med rare with  some real redness, is only found here and they do it right! not too rare, but definitely very red for the medium and higher temp lovers. i got the standard classic burger with cheddar cheese and i totally forgot to ask for the onions to be grilled, so just lettuce and pickles. this was the best burger i have eaten in a while, and it tastes the same everytime i come back! i did try the sweet potato fries in the mixed basket and  i loved them and the shopping cart they rolled in on. there were 3 of us so we sat at the bar, about 10:30pm on friday and the service was superb! amanda was on task. i had the pear cider and was so enthralled with all the pretty pour toppers, i wanted to try every beer on tap, until i remembered i can't stand the taste of beer that tastes like beer...so there i was with my pear cider, tasting like a pear wine, sitting and starring at the shark, the devil, the animals and all those pretty enticing toppers. it made me feel bold, so i asked for a taste of the white chocolate ale, and yuckie...i was dropped flat down on reality...pooof! i do hate beer that tastes like beer, even if it has a hint of chocolate after taste. next time i come to delux, its all about the dessert menu! i was so full, as usual, that there wasn't room for dessert. but dang nab it! i had to see that there darn menu, and low and behold i couldn't believe my eyes...the delux banana split lava cake will be all mine, next time.
4	Cool, hip and happening ... sure. I was impressed when my friend took me here after noticing how I pay attention to good places to dine. We were in hamburger mode and Delux was just what we were looking for.The atmosphere was trendy, busy but not packed and overall had a good vibe. We sat in the outside patio area after a short 20 min wait on a Friday night. I immediately liked the place just on their drinks menu. I really appreciated the fact that they are descriptive about their drink selections. Nice touch indeed.So I got the turkey burger and it was pretty good even though I wasn't digging the bun too much. We got a mix portion of the sweet and regular potato fries in what seems to be their signature container - the mini shopping cart. Overall the food was above average and worthy of high praise.I plan to visit the Phoenix area from time to time and I certainly will need a repeat visit to Delux. They were just that good!
3	I'll admit it... I really want to be as gung-ho about this place as everyone else and maybe I will be someday. What this place lacks in taste (food, not style) it makes up for in atmosphere and design. I cannot express how overjoyed I was when I stepped in and was relieved to discover that this place wasn't some ridiculous Scottsdale scheme of making a "burger nightclub". The best things on the menu are the fries, the sweet potato fries to be more exact. As far as burgers go, I've had better but that's not saying that the burgers here are sub-par at all; they're just not something to break an arm over like everyone raves. I think the aesthetic look of the place definitely makes the experience of eating there more fun as well as making it a great place to unwind with friends at 1:30 AM. The staff and bar are both great and definitely add to the chill setting that makes me want to come back for more. Go there for the mood and the fries, but if you're honest you won't be so quick to hop on the "I love their burgers" train.
4	What can I say that hasn't already been said a dozen times? Sweet potato fries -- delicious. Aioli - worth every  calorie. I had the Delux burger and though I would have liked a bit more bleu cheese, it was a damn good burger. You might get the same result at home, but only if you have time to grind your own beef and grow your own arugula. I tried the Papago Orange Blossom beer...not bad, but soft; it was a bit too similar to what the eight year olds are selling at the lemonade stand down the street from my house.Finally, the restrooms were clean and candle-lit. It's the kind of restroom you'd see in one of those late-night, Showtime movies. I'll go back to Delux in a month or two, but I'll probably order from the to-go menu rather than pulling up a stool.
5	They changed my life.I never have been a huge fan of burgers. But after going there last week my life has been flipped upside down. I went at 1 am and the guys who came with me, complained that they didnt want to wait 10 minutes for a table or shell out 9.50 for a burger, so I opted for takeout. When I finally got back home the bun was soggy and was luke warm, but even through all the faults I could taste that I was in love. If a soggy burger can get me going I know this place is fantastic. Moral of the story I wont be taking those friends with me out anymore and I will with out a doubt be eating in next time. I cant wait!
3	I'd like to give Delux 4 stars..but I just can't bring myself to do it. The burgers are hit and miss. Sometimes the Delux burger is off-the-charts good, but mostly it's just in the average - above average range. For $9.50 a la carte, it should always be near great. For a burger that they must make hundreds of times a day, it's somehow very hit-and-miss. The sweet potato fries are great when fresh, but I think I get the bottom of the barrel sometimes. Again, for $6 a cart, it should always be fresh. The service is spotty also. The bartenders are always good when I sit at the bar, but the servers at the tables are sometimes not the friendliest. Like last week when the busser dropped off waters and then the server came up a few minutes later: no hello, no greeting, just "You want anything else besides water?" Needless to say, it was not in the friendliest tone either. Then after he ran my card at the end and dropped it off I said "Thanks" to which he bitterly responded "Uhh...yeah." Thanks for spreading the hospitality, guy. Some positives, though: Outside of Yard House and Papago Brewery, they've got one of the best draft beer selections in town. The food is outstanding when it's at its best. And being open until 2am is a huge plus. It's good enough to keep me coming back, but it wouldn't hurt them to put in some more effort on consistency.
4	This is one of my favorite burger places in town.  I would definitely give this place 5 stars if they took reservations and made the place a bit bigger.  It seems like no matter what time you go, on what day, or with how many people; you end up waiting 20 minutes for a table where you end up practically sitting on the person next to you because they cram the tables so close together.  They own the space next door where they sell things to-go and cupcakes.  I can't understand why they don't just knock down the wall and make the actual restaurant bigger.   Anyway, I go there for the food and not the cramped space or wait time....I have been there about a dozen times now and all I ever get is the Delux Burger.  I make it a lettuce wrap because I am trying to limit the carbs.  Though every time I end up eating the thing with a fork because the lettuce wrap proves to be too messy.  Even without the bun the burger is excellent.  Next time I am feeling adventurous and skinny, I shall order it with the bun.  Anyway, it is pricey for a burger, but excellent none the less.Since I don't eat the burger's bun, it makes sense in my head to scarf down as many of the sweet potato fries as I can.  Those fries are simply phenomenal and secretly the reason I go there.   I just can't get enough of them and their aioli.  The regular fries are also excellent.Delux is an expensive burger joint but well worth it.  The service is quick and friendly once you get seated and the food is always excellent.  Their beer selection is also very good.
5	The Delux Burger, Cooked medium-rare, is the best burger I have ever had. Anywhere. Ever.If free-range fresh organic sirloin isn't enough, they mix in gruyere and gorgonzola, and top the thing with caramelized onions, bacon and ARUGULA! The plate comes with beautiful little grated curls of carrot and beet-root which are tasty atop the burger.Don't be a weenie and order a plain burger! Order the Delux. Medium rare. Ask for extra chile aioli, you will want it for the sweet potato fries, trust me!The sweet potato fries are delicious, but I only order them to share because I am pretty sure this is a half pound burger and the fries for me alone are way too much food.The beet salad is also very good. Order the Delux Burger!Chimay on tap, so this COULD get spendy folks. This ain't McDonalds. The place can get annoyingly crowded and loud.It is very popular.try to get an outside table if you can.
3	I wasn't all that impressed with Delux like so many other people have been.  The place is a tad over-trendy for my taste, and rather cramped.  I also don't like the condescending attitudes of the staff.  The food here is decent though.  I wasn't amazed by it, but rather let down considering all the hype I had heard.  The burger was cooked the way I asked for it, medium, and was quite flavorful and juicy.  The whole burger experience was just not as stellar as I had hoped.  I do love how they serve their fries in the shopping carts.  I had to resist the urge to steal them, but I did notice that they had them for sale.  The sweet potato fries are pretty good, but pale in comparison to the amazing sweet potato fries at FEZ.  The regular fries aren't bad either.  The presentation of the food here is quite nice, and I give them props for that. I've been here a couple times, but I'm just less than impressed.  I probably won't be back because it isn't close enough to go often and it isn't good enough to bring me back.
2	Woah woah woah.There are MUCH better burgers in the world! I came here on the recommendation of a cab driver (don't mess with cabbies they know everything about a city) who said that he thought Delux had the best burger in the Phoenix area.While this may be true since I did not get to try any other burgers while in Phoenix, I highly doubt that this is THE BEST in the Phoenix area ... I simply refuse to believe it.The food wasn't bad.  It just wasn't great.The only saving grace of Delux is that they had a really expansive and interesting selection of beers both on tap and in the bottle.If I lived in Phoenix though, I probably wouldn't go back.
3	Well I'll start off with saying I like that they are open late. The service is good  even at the late hour. Had I not quit drinking I would have loved their huge beer menu. The atmosphere is nice and modern, the window to the kitchen and open kitchen is a nice touch, the shiny squeaky clean  kitchen makes you feel warm and fuzzy about your food. Again the hype. Like many places I have tried the hype kills it. I expected this burger to a burger fit for the gods. One that is so great that one has to fast for days to able to mentally and spiritually prepare for the extraordinary flavor.  It was a good a burger, just not the best. It is what one would imagine for a gourmet burger. Fancy bread, fancy greens and fancy stuff on the plate that no one eats. The sweet potatoes fries are good but nothing special about them, I mean they sprinkle some chopped parsley on it. All in all it is a nice place, the food fits the atmosphere and area. Just not my cup of tea.
5	How I miss Delux.. the best damn burger I have ever had.  I love how they bring you the french fries in little shopping carts, do they still do that?While living in Phoenix for a year I became a regular at this place.  Get a burger and then go do your grocery shopping next door at Safeway.Hope this place is still serving up the best burgers.  I didn't bother reading the other reviews before posting my own, so not sure what my fellow yelpers are thinking, but it's a solid 5 stars from me.
3	I'm sorry, but hamburgers shouldn't cost $9.50.The sweet potato fries are delicious, but I felt guilty pigging out on greasy foods with all the chrome and blacklight illuminating the hipper-than-thou disco-type dining area. I prefer dining in places that look like diners.Anyway, I appreciate that Delux is open late. I appreciate the attention to ingredients. I just don't like the price and the late-90s "modern" look of the place. And the generic techno backbeats made me wish for a jukebox or my iPod.
5	Great place!  I wish we had something like Delux in my neighborhood back in LA.  Burger is as good as the one at Father's Office in Santa Monica, without the hassle and the attitude.  I love that they have a take out annex where you can get anything on the regular menu to go!Definitely one of the jewels in Phoenix!
4	Modern, "yuppie" atmosphere but the food is consistently good, and the craft beer selection is among the very best in Phoenix.  Open late.  Service is usually good.  Clean restrooms too, which seems to be the exception to the norm in Phoenix.Highly recommend sweet potato fries.I prefer weeknights early in the week to avoid the crowd.
2	You know, people LOVE this place. But there is something about it that just isn't right. Each time I've been there was more because it was convenient than because I enjoy it.Our last trip was why Delux only deserves 2 stars from me.We showed up and there was no one to greet us. We got a table and it was FREEZING in the place. My folks ordered coffee. It came cold. The waiter didn't know what my drink was, one of their house beer cocktails.... Weird. When we asked for a new set of coffees because they were cold the buser got us new COLD ones. We asked again when our waiter came back and he said: "Oh sorry, he's the buser so he doesn't know what he's doing". But really, really???? I mean the buser was a nice guy and he was more concerned with our table than the waiter. The food was good, especially the sweet potato fries. Really good stuff. Also the veggie panini was amazing. But the service was pretty darn bad and I just can't say I was impressed. Meh!
5	Ok, ok....they earned it. I have explored most of the menu now and there is way more to it than just burgers. Chinese chicken salad, panini grilled cheese(!), grilled chicken panini, mahi mahi sandwich, Haagen Dazs malts, a few very good wines, fun beer combinations...all very bueno. Plus now that I'm part of a group of regulars (that happen to tip generously, which may play a part in improved service), we get hella good service from our regular cycle of about three different guys. Delux rules
4	I give this rating based on four things1) There hamburgers and caprese sandwich were very good.2)The service was great.3) Very mellow ambient qualities (music, lighting, etc)4) The bathroom was awesome. I am not joking. If I were rating this place based solely on the quality of their bathrooms, they'd definitely get a five.Gripes:$9.50 for a burger that doesn't come with fries. I think most people would complain about that.
4	Great burger but I happen to love blue cheese.  Their panini's are awesome and even though I am not a vegetarian I still adore the veggie panini.  Sweet potato fries are amazing here.  especially with the aioli sauce.Bartenders remember me and the managers always come over to say Hi and make sure everything was alright.Love the candles everywhere cuz who doesn't look great in dim lighting?! Bathroom is always super clean and it's retro look is neat.  Some of the patrons can be a little stuffy but they are easily ignored.
4	Just read the "restroom" issue & I had to add my SONG of praise to the restrooms here! I could have fallen asleep and this was lunch on a weekday. Candles, blue paint, calm, ahhh. And yes - the burgers are unreal, plus they sold my crazy friend one of the mini shopping cart condiment dispensers!
5	Best burger in town, best beet salad ever.  Fries to die for.  Banana split off the hook.  Groovy ambience for dinner, casual chic for lunch.My most recent trip, took a business partner for lunch.  Wait was negligible at 12:30, and the staff was fantastically friendly and attentive.  Water refills are a luxury on a 95 degree day, and they were on the ball.They have a great drink menu, including some fun beers that go well with the burgers.  I got the house lager this time, which was crisp and clean for the toasty day.Burger is to die for--I think it's gruyere, caramelized onions and a baguette.  Skipped the fries this time and got the beet salad--perfection with goat cheese and candied pecans.Reasonably priced--$25 for Beer, salad and burger.  Sweet!
2	This place is essentially a copy of the old Father's Office (www.fathersoffice.com) in Brentwood, CA.  It took me a while to get over that fact and give it a decent try.  Among the things Delux has copied from FO is the famous "Office Burger," which Delux calls the "Delux Burger."  They also bring out the fries in a shopping cart just like Father's Office.  What Delux fails to copy, however, is the quality of the food and the high-end nature of the original.  At FO, the wines changed weekly and are all incredibly rare selections.  The beers at FO also tend towards the more obscure.  Delux seems to concentrate almost exclusively on beers and does have a decent selection, but nothing you can't find elsewhere.  Wines are available, but as an afterthought, and definitely not of the quality served at FO.  For Phoenicians who never experienced the joys associated with the original Father's Office, you're missing out.  It's like being an Eric Clapton fan but not even knowing who Muddy Waters is.  But all the imitation aside, I have to say that Delux does a pretty good job with everything and they have taken the FO concept and adapted it to the PHX strip mall environment.  Food wise, everything I have tried was ok.  They did change their sweet potato fries a year or two ago because the other ones weren't "crispy" enough.  The problem is that these new crispier ones have no flavor.  When they were testing out the new fries, the manager asked me and a friend to opine and we told him the truth: We said the new ones are flavorless.  I guess we were the only ones who thought so because they went ahead with that change.  That lost them 1 star from this review.  I would rather have the soggier more flavorful ones (who knows how they make these new ones so crispy anyways?).  When I go here, it's almost always out of convenience and late at night.  Not many places of this caliber stay open until 2 am, so it's about all there is when you are in need of a late night meal in this part of town.  Their 2 star rating is based on: clearly knocking off one of my favorite places, Father's Office (minus 1 star) and for ignoring my feedback on the new crispy tasteless sweet potato fries (minus 1 star).  They also lose a star for retaining the FO prices but substituting Phoenix strip mall quality.
5	We came back last Friday night, on a very busy night to see if there is any improvement. WOW! We were blown away. Our waitress was amazing, very attentive and sweet, the food was amazing, we felt totally taken care of and there was nothing, I mean NOTHING to complain about! Thank you Delux for proving that your reputation has a basis. We will be back and we will recommend you to others.
5	pros:+food is amazing. grilled cheese with yellow tomatoes is the bomb diggity. mixed fries & aioli rock the house.+decent vegetarian options! if you don't eat burgers, you aren't stuck ordering a mediocre salad. the grilled vegetable panini is fucking fantastic.+open until 2:00 am ALL WEEK.+papago orange blossom beer = yum+pretty interior (blue center table, nice restrooms)cons:-pricey. would love to try the desserts, but $12 for a banana split? um, no.
4	This place is bomb. Fantastic, flavorful, juicy burgers but my favorite thing is their fries. They do regular and sweet potato fries (brought out in little shopping carts) and both are amazing - skinny, crispy, not at all greasy - they come with ketchup and another awesome dipping sauce. I've also had the fish sandwich and a salad here, and they were just as high quality and wonderful as their burgers and fries. Shakes are good here, too. They have a very small space, so expect to wait unless you want to sit at the communal table or outside (in which case you still might wait). However, it's a very nice atmosphere, with casual vibe and good music. I only deduct a point because service was so-so on my last visit, and the restaurant smelled like a nursing home for some reason.
5	If I'm in the mood for a fancy burger, this is where I go.  Parking is hard to come by, but its always worth it!  I usually get the Delux burger & sweet potato fries.  LOVE them both, especially with the aoili sauce.  Their aoili has a kick to it so I usually put it on my burger too.   Great for lunch, tons of beer on tap for dinner/happy hour. Its worth mentioning that this restaurant is on the small side.  There's also quite a bit of bar seating.  With one (maybe two) long tables through the middle of the restaurant sometimes you sit right next to another party.  Its not a deal breaker, but if you're looking to have a personal or intimate conversation bet sure to get a table.
4	So, after hearing about Delux from co-workers and Yelp, I had to try it.Getting there early helps, because the restaurant gets packed quickly. First off, the place is ultra chic. A large bar/table is in the center of the restaurant, highlighted with blue lights. This place oozes of sleek.But enough about the lighting, onto the food!I got the Delux burger, which was incredible. Medium rare beef, served up on arugula with gruyere and a mixture of onions and bacon was incredible. The bun, a super soft baguette style was incredible as well. Juice dripped from this burger. Not grease, but juice.  Pure, delicious, incredible, beef juice. If I could bottle and sell it, I would.My fiance had the turkey burger, which was excellently spiced, a tad dry, but the aioli helped cover that dryness.Their fries were also tasty, I enjoyed the ketchup and aioli. However, I have had better sweet potato fries.Their beer selection is awesome, including selections from 4 Peaks, I had an excellent Kolsch-style lager, that complemented my burger well.The prices are a little high, but the burger does make it worth it, both size and qualityOn a final note,I wouldn't recommend coming here at night, it seems like over priced drinks, loud music, and lots of stuck up people.
4	If I'm looking to step it up from your drive thru burger joint, Delux is definitely the place that hits the spot. The signature Delux Burger with sweet potato fries are absolutely mouth watering. The little added novelty of the sweet potato's coming in a mini grocery cart was also a nice touch accompanied by a nice aioli sauce to dip in. Now I'm not a fan of onions, let alone grilled onions by all means, but the waiter talked me into them and I'm glad he did.The carmelized onions were a nice texture touch to the burger and infused the burger with more flavor. After what I felt like, was inhaling my delicious burger, we had a apple cinnamon cookie with a glass of milk. Such a great finish to a great burger. A nice 'fancy' touch to comfort food indeed.
3	Any place that serves sweet potato french fries rates high in my book. Couple the fries with the savory dipping sauce and a cute presentation --the fries came out in a little metal shopping cart (everyone say "awe") --and I'll give the place a five star rating. So, why the three star rating? Well, the place is just too small for its britches. The space is cramped. For the price I'm paying for the burger, I don't want to feel my elbows rubbing against a stranger sitting next to me. Speaking of the burger. My husband ordered the Delux burger and proclaimed it one the best burgers he's had! I ordered a Chinese Chicken Salad and was surprised that the chicken looked and tasted like it was processed (not freshly grilled). It was a savory salad -- I just want fresh chicken on my salad - especially when I'm paying $12 bucks for a salad. Another downside is that Delux is located in a strip mall. I think I would find the place more endearing if it were located, say, on Central Avenue as a standalone restaurant. Also, one other thing to note: The place seems to be frequented by a younger crowd (high school and college age kids driving up in their BMWs and Land Rovers). I'm not making judgements. I'm just sayinggggg.....
4	One of my all time favorite places to eat.  I don't get in here nearly often enough, but that is probably best, if I want to keep wearing the same sized pants.I am a huge fan of the "Standard Classic Burger" here.  It is fresh simplicity, at it's best.  A hot, greasy burger on a fresh bun and tons of good fixings.....I go back here again and again.  Pair this up with a "grocery basket" of mixed fries (regular & sweet potato), and you've got yourself a great meal.  I always order extra sides of their "fresh aioli" sauce, which ultimately finds itself all over my burger, as well as my fries.A quick note on their signature "delux burger"....very good and I love that it's served on a demi-bagette, but the maytag and gruyere cheeses are just a bit much for me.  I'm not a big blue cheese guy, and I think it just overpowers the burger.  But, if strong cheese is your thing, order away....they don't call it the "delux burger" for nothing!One last comment that you may not know about delux......they serve until 2:00 AM.  So, after a night of power drinking, divert your taxi to Camelback & 32nd Street for the ultimate anti-hangover gut bomb.  Expect to wait for a seat.  I've found the wait at 1:30 AM is as long, if not longer, than it is during lunch!
5	Bar none, the BEST place in Phoenix to get a burger. I took a friend here for lunch today (Ada G.) and we split the Delux Burger (medium rare) and the sweet potato fries and each had a hard cider. I've been telling her how good it is and she's been wanting to see for her self and she wasn't disappointed. The fries always come out first in their cute little grocery cart and we each get our own dipping sauces (ketchup and some kind of chipotle aioli?). Once we gorged ourselves on those, our burger came (we split, how else can we be expected to keep our girlish figures?) and it was on to the second course. The patty is always the perfect medium rareness. The juice from the meat melds with the Gruyere and blue cheeses and makes the perfect sauce with the caramelized onions. It's topped with arugula and is served on a baguette. When you get this, don't change a thing. It's perfect as it. It would be a travesty to play god and change these beautiful flavors. I love this burger. I could eat another one now. If I could write poetry I would write it a poem, but I can't so I'll just stop now. And maybe plan my next visit.
4	As a long time Delux customer (I even have the 10% off VIP silver card) I'm sure to eat here almost a few times a month. You can't be the classic Delux Burger (medium) and a basket of mix fries. I do want to say that over the past few months however the service has seem to have lost the personal touch and attention to detail I remember. Smiles and warm greetings have been replaced with sometime forgotten orders and rather robotic sever personalities. Normally that would get a 3-star rating in my book, but there's a special place in my heart for Delux, so they still squeak by with 4.
4	I had heard a lot about this hamburger place and was very excited to try.  Was not disappointed.The burger was tasty and HUGE.  I could have split it with someone.  And I loved the sweet potato fries and dipping sauce.The seating on the inside is a little odd as we sat at a long bar across from one another but the space is not big so they had to be creative.  Wish that the prices had been a little less but if I split it, it would have been a perfect cheap lunch.
4	I love this place... granted I've only ever tried their Delux burger and sweet potato fries, both of which are amazing. Normally I'm a fairly picky eater so I was a little overwhelmed by the description of the Delux burger, but after a friend convinced me to just go for it without any substitutions, I tried it... and fell in love. Soooo good. The restaurant is pretty small and has a unique vibe to it. They serve a huge selection of beers. No complaints with the service. I wouldn't suggest taking a larger party here, as it is so small and takes a long time to sit. Depending on when you go, you can face a pretty long wait.
5	Here is why I have to give this place 5 stars.  My husband and I started making Delux our "date lunch" place every Tuesday a few months ago.  (see we have two kids and rarely get to eat without the little ones).  Since we go on the same day we've become familiar with a lot of the wait staff.  We prefer Bobby in most cases-super nice guy working his way towards medical school-loves to gab and gives EXCELLENT service.  He sees us walk in and comes to our table with two tropical ice teas in hand.  Usually we order the same thing-at least husband does-I like to switch it up so after confirming that my husband wants the usual he's off with our order.  Depending on how busy they are we chat with a few of the other servers too.  Since we are frequent visitors we don't even have to show our "VIP" card anymore.  Don't count out their turkey burger-I'm not a big turkey burger fan as they tend to be dry but this one is always delish.  The hot dog and chicken panini are also tasty and who can forget the Classic Standard Burger.  Hands down best sweet potato fries on the planet!We love Delux and their super staff!
3	I loved the decor. i ate the fries and I do NOT usually like fries! The aioli really lacked garlic... im used to my grandmothers burn your tongue aioli The sandwiches (me and my girlfriend split a delux burger and caprese panini halfsies) was fresh and yummy. Didn't blow my mind but very good. The waiters are super good looking and I suggest having them shirtless. Trendy but not annoying.
4	De. Lish. Us. Delux was one of the first restaurants I went to upon moving to Phoenix and I have gone back a few times since, mainly at lunch during the work week. It's my favorite burger spot. The atmosphere is slightly on the pretentious side. However, it's very small and pretty cramped. Even at lunch during the week it can feel cramped at a table and there's a big chance of waiting in line awhile. I've sat both inside and outside and felt a little too close to the other tables. It's a little complicated with bigger groups also.The food however is amazing. I always get the same thing, a delux burger and sweet potato fries. I don't care if you are scared of medium rare, you need to try this thing. It's one of the most amazing burger's I've had and I can never finish the entire thing. I'd love to have a mini one. That would be perfect. A regular order of fries comes in an adorable metal mini shopping cart. Also good to note is that by default you do not get just ketchup with your fries. Being a non tomato eater, it's nice to not have to remember to ask for another dipping sauce. Oh the beer list you ask? Phenomenal. Being able to order a red velvet always makes me happy. Unique beer flights make me happy also. I never have room for dessert while I'm there but I did have a friend order the cookies they brag about one time. It was rather hard and I wasn't impressed. That cookie should have been soft and chewy and full of deliciousness.It's a bit on the pricey side, and you typically are going to have to wait awhile and/or be cramped, but if you're not in a hurry, it's worth checking out.
4	The Sweet potato fries are excellent and the burgers are huge. I tried the delux burger and was nit disappointed but could have easily split it with someone.
5	I visited Delux a few weeks ago with a friend after hearing about it via meetup.comUpon entering, I was immediately impressed with it's nightclub ambiance, blue lights, and the long table with high chair seats down the middle of the restaraunt. It felt ultra hip and trendy.The menu is very minimalist, but I immediately found something that peaked my taste buds. My hot and sexy male waiter came over stared me and my friend in the eyes and took our order. We ordered mixed fries for the appetizer, which is a mix of sweet potatoe and brown potatoe fries with aioli sauce. they arrived in a tiny lil shopping cart, which was so cute my friend and i both took pictures with it. I ordered a delux burger because it came with gruyere cheese and I'd never heard of this cheese. I requested my buger not have bacon and well done. Another hot and sexy male waiter delivered our food and agin flirted with us. My burger was delicious. My friend and I were very impressed with the attractiveness of the waiters, we even left them a special love note because we are immature in that way, but we tip well to make up for it.I would return to Delux for both the food and great service.
1	Ok people lets stop being sheep here. Delux is nothing but an extremely overpriced low quality burger place. People are stuffed in here like cattle. The fact that so many people rave about Delux is just another thing I dont understand. I tried this place twice, (I will always try a place twice in case they have an off day) and I was very very disappointed both times. The burger I ordered was $11. ELEVEN DOLLARS FOLKS!!!!! No burger no matter how incredible is worth anywhere near $11. And of course this did not come with frys or anything else. The burger was kinda mushy with no flavor at all. The bun was very plane and did not have the best texture. I also ordered the sweet potato frys and did not like them at all. That was the first time I had ever had those so it could be I just dont like that type of french fry. The second time I ordered the regular frys and they were pretty undercooked with no seasoning.     This place proves my theory, if you make it snooty enough everyone will think its good matter how bad the food is. Delux is nothing but hype. If you want to try a real burger with great flavor and a descent price try Lenny's on Thunderbird and 35th ave. That's what a burger should taste like.
2	Delux's fries, sweet potato fries and aioli (garlicy, olive oil sauce) are really what makes them special. Try them and get out. Bar has a great selection of beers.Service was nice and the ambiance aspires towards a Deutsch discotech. We opted to sit outside because the neon blue lighting inside looked overbearing. The Delux burger itself is much meatier than most burgers, and I think this is what impresses most people. Unfortunately, the meat and bread lack flavour. On return visits, I tried it a few more times, but there's something about the meat that sets me off. I usually walk away feeling not quite right and suspect the meat has been treated.Nice place for people who don't care too much about the food but want an interesting ambiance; otherwise, it seems to stretch its image of itself beyond reality somewhat. I don't object too strongly to coming here, but on my own accord, would not choose to visit again.
4	ATTENTION Single Ladies: Attracted to corporate-types that like $9 burgers? Like a man in a suit who isn't afraid to eat french fries from a tiny shopping cart basket? Like that frat-guy-turned-accountant who enjoys a good beer while seated at a cobalt & chrome underlit diner counter? Like a man who knows what color cobalt is? If you answered yes to any of the above questions, then let me direct you to Delux. One more tip: go on a weekday at noon. The diner counter/table will be full, with maybe two seats available between two possibly good looking businessmen. Oh, and the burgers (I had a turkey one) and sweet potato fries are delicious, just like almost all the other 186 reviews have claimed.Go forth and enjoy the food and midday eye candy.
3	My wife raved about Delux. She said this was the best burger she's had in the area. I finally went with her and by no means was overwhelmed. The burger was fine, but not the BEST I've ever had. The burger was not much better than something you might get at Chilis, Red Robin Cheeburger, Cheeburger etc (my opinion). I think I actually would prefer a burger from these places over Delux.Maybe my expectations for this place and burger were set too high and I was disappointed with the final product.Pros:The sweet potato fries and dipping sauce was very good. The service was excellent.Cons:Limited seating and basically rubbing shoulders with the person next to you because you are packed in so tight. T the lighting in the bathroom is very dark. I'm shocked techno wasn't being played when I walked in. I didn't like the trendy nightclub feel of this place.
4	While I'm not usually a fan of the trendy (and this place is trendy), I enjoyed the food here.  This comes with the caveat: You have to be willing to spend.  We had a salad topped with beets and carrots and some other goodies with a divine balsamic vin. dressing, weird to say the but way the beets and carrots were shredded made the dressing to "stuff" ratio really great.  We then shared some sweet potato fries and normal fries, good, but just fries.  I'm a sucker for a loaded burger that isn't cooked to death and that's what I got here.  There were other aspects of the place I wasn't able to sample (the beer journeys, for one thing...being pregnant has it's downfalls), they had some really interesting beer picks up there, I was salivating just at the thought of some of them.  If you have a taste for something more than Bud, Miller or the usual watery junk you should check this place out just for thier selection of craft beers.
4	Turkey burger. Best anywhere. I've been going here for years. Whenever I am in the area, I have to eat there. The 2 go take out service is really good but for some reason the wait staff, not so much. Still hands down, one of my fave places to go for a burger and fries. This is NOT In n Out! MMMM!
5	Amazing sweet potato fries with the perfect aioli!  Their burgers are good, just difficult to eat as the bun is very delicate.  Love coming here after hiking Camelback for beer and fries!  They have a great beer selection!
5	I have gone to Delux probably a million times!  I love thins place so much!  I think the food is great, the service is spectacular, and it just looks really snazzy.  So everytime I go I have the chicken panini....OH! Where to begin?!?!  It's so mouth watering good!  With the sun dried tomatoes and the yummy bread...DELISH!  I've had their famous burger, and it's really good too, I'm just not one for burgers really.  I do, however, love the sweet potato fries!  I love the basket they come in and want to steal it everytime I get an order!  (jk)  They're so good!  But the one reason I go back time and time again is because BRAD works there!  He started out being my server each time by accident, and then I just started requesting him.  So worth it!  He's funny and fun and really makes the whole expierience for me.  I highly recommend you ask for him if you go!  THANKS BRAD!
4	As I looked beyond our table this evening I noticed the lovely decor, the funky blue neon lighting, and was reminded that people do dress up for dinner. Everyone was chatting and having a grand time. Then my two year old pushed aside the french fry cart and smeared her hand through the ketchup dish and on to my shirt. Yup - gone are those free evenings to sit around and savor time out with friends and loved ones! This place was nice. The seating outdoors looked a little more spacious however with a record high of 111 today it did not sound appealing. The inside seating was tight. The wait staff was friendly. I ordered a burger served medium. It came out medium rare. It was tasty and the bun was delicious. My hubby ordered the grilled cheese panini. It was made with three different cheeses and arugula. It was very good. The sweet potato french fries were well seasoned and I loved the aioli dipping sauce. I would warn if you do have young children - this probably is not the best place to take them. Delux does have carry out. Next time we go perhaps it will be for "date" night. :)
4	I came here after having wanted to try this place for some time.  I love hamburgers, and a good burger is a real treat for me.  Nothing complicated really, just a good well made burger.When my date and I arrived, we liked the interior.  The place was smaller then I had anticipated.  Very narrow seating.  Anyways, service and menu selections were excellent.  I went with the traditional burger, and my date went with the Panini.  I went with the French fries, and date went with sweet potato.  I loved both.  The excitement of my night was the fries in the shopping cart!!Anyways, I was happy with my experience here.  I would return, and liked my food.  So did date. Aside from tight seating, lovely place!
5	I am really impressed with this restaurant/bar.  I got the delux burger which was very flavorful, although the bread was a little too dense.  The sweet potato fries, served in a mini shopping cart, are awesome - a must have.  They have a great selection of beer, including my favorite framboise lambic.  The beer flights might be an interesting choice for my next visit.  The decor is nice with soothing blue lighting.  Be aware of the close sitting quarters.  I wasn't sure about the communal counter in the middle of the restaurant, but it turned out to be pretty good.  I was still able to have a decent conversation with my friend without feeling like someone else is listening to us or like I am intruding on another conversation.  Overall, a great place that I will visit again.  Especially since it is open late.
5	I know this is a burger place but they really should be praised for a freakin amazing grilled cheese! As far as their burgers go...I have created my own..burger with sliced tomato, cold mozz and vinaigraitte. I call it the Caprese burger and it's amazing if I do say so myself!
4	So after hearing good things for a while, I finally got a chance to check out Delux last night and I had to put my two cents in. It was a Friday, so I expected a bit of a wait, but the wait wasn't as bad as I thought it might be, especially since we decided to wait for an indoor table. I was excited that we were seated at the blue-lit center table - the only negative is the stools become very uncomfortable after some time, but everything else more than made up for it.I was pretty impressed overall. Friendly service, cool atmosphere and really good food - and I definitely felt like we got our money's worth. I ordered a dirty martini that was really more like two, since they left the shaker with me. Both their regular and sweet potato fries are really good, with a great dipping sauce. I decided I had to go for the delux burger - and for $9.50 you get a lot of burger, not only in size but also in flavor. It's smothered in maytag and gruyere cheese and caramelized onions and I love the bread they use for the bun. Oh and I love how they recommend it cooked medium-rare - perfect.I didn't have beer this time, but I'll definitely go back for the beer selection. It was very exciting to see how many they had on tap for such a small restaurant. Due to it's smaller size, it's probably not a great place for a big group, but if you have just a few people, it's a fun place and you definitely you get your money's worth. Oh and did I mention they serve food till 2 a.m., everyday? That's amazing for Phoenix. I'll definitely be back.
5	Let me preface this review by saying I am enormous Burger fan, I love them. I eat at least 2-3 a week, no problem and it is absolutely safe to say that I would choose a cheesebuger as my last meal on earth.. I once called In & Out my true love, but last night my friends, I met someone new and have fallen hard... his name is Delux, and he is amazing.I arrived here really late to meet up with friends, so I didn't spend too much time inside.. and I never actually saw a menu, but from what I gather, the place is totally popular based off the amount of people and the wait I was told about, also that they have a great beer list (also a full bar) and some wonderful orange special sauce that you definitely need to dip your french fries (and whatever else) in. The interior reminded me of something the wonderful Chef Barbara Lynch would do. The Butcher Shop in Boston is very similar, aesthetically anyway. Since I was late and it was packed, I didnt get to order, so I just want to extend an enormous thank you to the wonderful Georgie S. for sharing with me the most amazing burger I have ever had. In my life. Hands down. I was in meat heaven last night, and the fries were freakin' awesome too, served in a miniature shopping cart no less. Top that off with a Makers on the rocks, and you have one, very happy Nikki.In & Out... I would like to apologize for cheating. I still love you Animal Style #2, but it was worth it, I am in love and I now have a new favorite.
5	You may have to wait for clearly some of the best burgers in AZ..or the west for that matter.. I dont really eat red meat, but every now and then..if worth it..I will shock my system.. Go ahead and cheat with the fries..they come in a cutesy shopping cart with aioli.. do it! My buddy had a burger....all engrossed with cheese and bun and sauce..I had to try it...it was orgasmic! BUT I love me some asian salad..and I ordered that after I inquired as to what it was earlier as it was delivered to the table next to me... IT is a huge salad.. huge!!! Yummy thai peanut dressing and another dressing on the spicier side comes with too... We sat in the middle..the long counter with blue lights.... we were seated on the patio..but the drip system...well, was drippy! So they happily moved us.. martinis and wine ... very good...staff very nice and accomodating..He even gave us a sweet little discount..I wont say why.., but he liked us.:-) ;-) .. but we gave it back in tip... My guy friend got a dessert next door...@Delux to go... looked yum...but I dont have the metabolism of a guy so I choose to not....
4	Great burger (absolutely melts like butter)Lots of tasty beersDelicious fries (regular and sweet potato)  not much more you need to know.
4	Any review of Delux requires an obligatory mention of the Los Angeles landmark restaurant Father's Office, whose concept was all but completely plagiarized by Delux. I always say, though, it doesn't matter who came up with the idea, it matters who executes it. And, I like how Delux executes the concept. High-end burgers, delicious craft beer selection and great service in a cozy (and hip) location.Of course, I have to be the weirdo -- I am also a vegetarian, so I can't have a burger anyway. Instead, I grabbed the amazing grilled cheese, which they grill panini-style, cut into quadrants. The baguette, as usual, was perfectly toasty, firm, yet chewy. There is a great variety of craft beers -- everything from Alaskan Amber to Stone IPA. The service is always good, although this time our server was particularly flirty. He actually sat down with my dining companions and I to chit chat. It was charming and fun and certainly added to the fun (and enjoyment) of the meal.Another mandatory purchase at Delux is the fries -- available in sweet potato, regular, or half and half. The fries are served in a mini shopping cart (familiar to anyone who has been to Father's Office). They are perfectly seasoned and served with a delicious aioli dipping sauce.Delux is a perfect place to have a sandwich and day drink on a warm afternoon, and I am looking forward to the temperature cooling off so I can waste a few Sundays there. And, of course, Delux is open till 2 a.m., so it is a great option for late nights as well.
3	Delux isn't really my kind of restaurant.  It's far too hip and trendy for me.  But I must admit that they serve a really awesome burger and I do love their sweet potato fries.  I'm not much of a drinker, so the extensive beer collection doesn't really do anything for me.
5	Probably the best burger in Phoenix.  Sweet potato fries are the best I've had anywhere.  Nice beer selection, too.  We go there at least once a month.
4	Delux is that hip place you get to overpay for a burger.  Who cares about overpaying when you're in the Arcadia area anyway?  The atmosphere is cool, burgers are great, beer selection is eclectic with many choices, wines by the glass are good, but bottle list could be a little nicer considering the clientelle.  Not that many nice wines pair well with sandwiches, I'd just like to see a little more creativity from the owner/management.  I've been here many times, and will be here many more.
4	Yummy!! I had a tasty tasty Delux hamburger!! And their sweet potato chips are just perfect combination. Decoration is original and you don't even feel like eating fast food. Service was GREAT! My hamburger was forgotten (we were in a large group), but when the bill came, it included a 10% discount on the house for the delay! Worth to try!
3	I was so completely ready to love Delux. I had been waiting to try it for a reaaaaally lonnnng time, and was excited to make the little trek down Camelback and give it a go. Pre-review context: it was a Friday night, and it was very busy. My boyfriend and I rolled up into the strip mall parking lot, and spent a solid 5 minutes hunting for a space. And not just, you know, driving around looking for one. I mean competitive space hunting. Horns were honked. I became a little afraid. An ulcer was formed. After finding a spot some distance away, we walked up and in to the trendy, blue darkness of the restaurant. The whole place was almost completely full, including the outside patio area, (which is where I really would've liked to sit - October, you are finally HERE!). But I wasn't mad at 'em. Good for them. A frosty hostess seated us at the bar-style table in the center of the restaurant, and stalked away. I think we interrupted her composition of a text message. Whatever, lady! The table we sat at is probably exactly the place I would've LEAST liked to sit. While it is, you know, "cool," and lit from beneath by fluorescent blue lights, I felt very cramped in between the parties to our left and right. They weren't being loud, or obnoxious, and I even felt they were being conservative with their elbows. All the same, it was not a comfortable fit. Plus, my man and I prefer to sit next to each other when we go out. I know...I know. We also like to converse during dinner, and, since we could barely hear one another over the din, this would probably be the kind of place I'd go with a group of tipsy friends rather than on a date night. In contrast to the disgruntled hostess, our server was very sweet and pleasant. She was friendly and patient with us as we made our drink decisions, and also remained unobtrusively attentive for our meal. My boyfriend was excited to see that they had Sierra Nevada on draft; I ordered a French Vanilla martini, which I chumped out on and couldn't finish. This, from a girl who used to order three Long Islands at once...I think my heart cracked a little, to witness myself so far removed from my former glory. We shared an order of mixed fries, "a la carte..." CART, get it? Get it? Very cute presentation, but I think I would've been more tickled if I didn't know it was coming. Know this: I am a sweet potato fry maniac. In fact, Delux's sweet potato fries were really the big reason I wanted to give it a go. I had anticipated them for months! ...and they were just, okay. In fact, both varieties of fries were "just, okay," and I also didn't really see any reason to rant and rave and Yelp about the ketchup or the aioli, the latter which I feel I make a better version of at home. So, yes. I was happy to munch on some sweet potato fries, but it's not like wings sprouted from my back or anything upon touching the first golden fry to my lips. My boyfriend said they were "fine," which is his stock answer for assessing the quality of anything that isn't a beer or an action movie. My boyfriend got some random burger, and I had the turkey burger. I agree with the several reviewers that have whined for "more seasoning, please!" on the turkey burger. Let's face it - the noble turkey is one bland-ass bird. It requires a heavy hand, a smackdown of spices and seasonings. My turkey burger seemed to get something more akin to a pat on the head, although I did still enjoy it, especially with the creamy sauce that came alongside. My boyfriend enjoyed his burger, but prefers the Original Hamburger Works. Oh, well. Apparently the fancy presentation, ("what is this stuff?", was his response to the julienned carrot garnish), wasn't enough to compete with the sheer grunge of OHW. It was easy to pay our bill and leave. I know people complain about this sometimes - you will not have to complain here. We will probably go back. I'd like to try one of the "real" burgers, and my boyfriend has mentioned the great beer selection several times since our visit. It wasn't a bad experience...it just wasn't all that and a cart of fries.
4	Stopped in tonight after my soccer game for a beer and a bite.  I really enjoyed the styling of the place nice patio for outdoor dining and a cool inside dining area with blue accent lights.  Started out with their huge beer menu and got a basket of fries.  The fries come out in a mini shopping cart which was pretty cool.  Right before we start to eat Bob Saggat and Frankie Muniz came in.  Figured I had came to the right spot for a burger now.  Sure enough the food was amazing.  I'm glad I stopped in and for sure will be back again.
5	If you love burgers than you should eat here at least one time, especially if you love sweet potato fries!Just get their standard issue burger with a "basket" of sweet potato fries.  Literally, it's a shopping cart basket filled with their fries.  It comes with this orange sauce that's amazing.  They'll cook your burger any way you want it so if you're the kind of person who wants the beef still mooing, they'll bring you the cow.
4	This place needs another good review like a hole in the head, but too bad. Any place that my uber-picky, easily disgruntled, vociferously opinionated tipsy father finds no fault with should be heralded with a choir. The Deluxtini, which you feel like a dumbass ordering, is some concoction of orange vodka, pineapple juice, champagne, and peach nectar. $11 sounds like a lot until you see the shaker that comes out with it -- easily, there's three full martini glasses' worth in it. Okay, I was solidly buzzed. The beer list is huge, and they have my SO's Chimay, so bonus points there.I love sweet potato fries, even these, which were a bit on the flaccid side. The much-heralded orange sauce is tasty as well. The roasted vegetable panini was excellent, but not quite cheesy enough; next time I will stick with the grilled cheese panini, which is a fatty bit of heaven. My dad and SO split a burger and the caprese panini, and again, both seemed relatively content, a rarity.Dessert (chocolate cake and a vanilla malt) and coffee were generously portioned and delicious. Our server was fabulous - very helpful, friendly, genuine, and never once tried to rush us out of there, even when it got super busy. Oh yeah, and we get to the minus-one-star area: it's fucking busy. The parking lot is a Range Rover disaster waiting to happen. The whole shopping center is really a trendy yuppie Mecca - pure chaos.  Getting there early, as we did, circumvented some of that, but in general - it's verging on a Xanax moment.
5	1st: sweet potato fries with aioli2nd: of course their burgers are great, but so is the chicken panini!!!!!!!3rd: last but not least, great beer selection!Never had a problem here, other than getting a seat right away. I kinda wish their take out area was dine-in instead, but it's fine!
3	Everyone I know has ranted and raved about Delux, but I could never really see the real connection. What I found is this: -The location is great. It's near the Biltmore, and not even 50 yards away is the Gelato Spot, which makes for a great dessert. -It's crowded. Yes, it's popular, which means 2/3 times, you're going to have to wait. Sometimes for a substantial amount of time. And I'm not personally the most patient person, so that alone made me believe that Delux isn't the place for me. I like small restaurants with a few people, but that's just me. -It's pricey. Indeed The food is good, but not great, and they overcharge you because they can. They've been voted the best burger in Phoenix, so they have a right to I guess. I don't mind paying a bit more for things, but I didn't think it warranted the price they were offering. -It's loud. The masses of people and blaring music may appeal to some people, but that's not my scene. But overall, I thought Delux was okay. It's expensive, the service is decent, it's crowded, loud, and they serve alright food. But nothing really amazed me.
4	FANTASTIC!The sweet potato fries steals the show.The burgers are great and the beer selection is only second to the Yard House. I may or may not have had six too many beers on more than one occasion.There is a reason this place gets Best of Phoenix every year!Hip, good prices and the best sp fries I have ever had!
4	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):9 Food7 Service8 Atmosphere6 ValueThe sweet potato fries here are droolworthy.  The gazpacho was good too except that it was a bit too chunky.  I didn't know the serving sizes though so I asked the server if the fries+gazpacho+caprese salad would be too much food and he said no.  Well it totally was so that put me off a bit on the service.
4	Delux is a definate staple in the Phoenix food scene.  This is one of the better establishments in the Phoenix area.If it is your first time heading to Delux, I would start with the Delux Burger itself.  This is a very good burger that is best served the exact way that it is spelled out on the menu...including the medium rare serving temperature.  Trust me, I am a medium temperature on my burgers (the only thing that is not red), but the juices that flow through this burger are unbelievable.  Start the table off with a basket of mixed fries (sweet potato and regular fries) for every 2/3 people there.  Well 2/3 hungry mid-20s men.  If you want to venture away from the burgers on the menu, I suggest getting the grilled cheese and adding chicken and bacon to it.  The chicken sandwich is pretty good, but the grilled cheese is better.The restaurant is definitely cool inside, and the patio is nice.  This restaurant is busy, but never seems to be longer than a 20 minute wait time.  The bar is cool, and a great place to grab a few beers.  They always have something new and exciting on tap, so ask for a draft list and enjoy something cool and refreshing.
4	I thought the burgers were really good. Cooked perfectly. Service was really good also. I appreciate when the wait staff doesnt come by every 5 minutes to see how things are. It was overall a really good dinning experience.
5	This is seriously the BEST burger I have ever had (The Delux Burger, cooked medium). Sweet potato fries are great as well. Open late every night. Also do takeout.
5	Best burger in the valley! They recommend getting your burger served medium rare, for me this is fine but many prefer their burgers to be cooked more. Simply delicious, and the french fries are addicting. I always get the mixed basket of fries, half regular, half sweet potato. They give u a plate of ketchup and their house aioli sauce for dipping. The tables are very close to each other and the place gets packed, so privacy isn't really something your going to get. They do have a patio so you can sit outside. I prefer sitting at the bar if you can get a seat. They have a lot of beers on tap, try a beer flight
5	Wonderful food and service. I got the beet salad and mixed fries. The salad was enormous. Easily good for two. I would have preferred less dressing is my only complaint. I've been here numerous times. Last time I got the veggie sandwich which was delicious. I'm a vegetarian but everyone else ordered burgers and enjoyed their meals. If you go you HAVE to order the sweet potato fries.
4	Well, I finally made it here!I went here with a group of coworkers for lunch the other day and I wasn't disappointed.  I ordered the Delux burger, but I'm not a fan of bleu cheese so they were able to substitute it for me.  The only bummer was it was a bleu cheese and gruyere mix and I would have loved to still have the gruyere.  So good, but a little messy!  We also had a basket each of the regular and sweet potato fries.  Yum!  It's busy during lunch time, so try and get there early if you have a bigger group.  The service was very good.  I really can't say anything which hasn't been said already.  I'll definitely be back here again.
4	I love this place! Looking for a good late night eat? Come here! I usually get the Delux burger and its best to get it the way its suggested on the menu (med rare).  Their fries (especially the sweet potatoe) are out of this world! They come in a little wire shopping basket on wheels! I have been tempted to take one home with me!          They have a very extensive selections of beer and wine, all sorts of imports are available. This place does fill up fast but will not disappoint the palate!!
4	I'm not going to lie, I go here for the amazing sweet potato fries with the aioli. They are worth the wait - seriously one of my all time favorites. I'm not really a burger person, but the burgers are pretty good. Also they have a great beer selection...a lot beers. I have been here a couple times and it always is busy - they must do something right (my guess is the fries and the beer selection!)
5	When I die, I would like to be buried with the Delux Burger, Fries (please don't forget the aioli) and a yummy IPA fresh from the tap. The Delux Burger brings you a little closer to heaven. Cooked and seasoned to perfection. Topped with a guyere and blue cheese mixture, coupled with sauteed onions and arugula. All on a brioche bun. The ingredients are super fresh and the meat is all grain-fed. Mommy daddy this thing is a symphony in my mouth! Then add this lovely burger into an equation of a massive beer list. Not your usual Crud Light but lovely Microbrews. AND good prices? AND they are open until 2am 7 days a week?!? Not to mention that the service was outstanding?I'm floating on a cloud.Please don't get me down.The taste of Delux Burger and Sunbru is lingering in my mouth.What's that?I'm slipping!The Burger is weighing me down.Falling.NO!Back to reality.Damn.I contemplated ordering another Burger to get that moment back...I guess I will have to come back tomorrow...
5	One of my favorite Sunday night go with the family in shorts place!!!Menu is small but doesn't have to be any bigger.  Just get a burger, the sweet potato fries and kick back with a beer or 2.The only complaint is that I end up eating too many fries before the burger comes and I am full.  I would go every night if I didn't care how much I weigh.
4	The best BEST best BEST sweet potato fries. Good consistency with awesome seasoning! Sweet potato fries never really crisp up the way regular fries do, but there is so much flavor to these that you hardly notice they're a little limp! And served in mini silver shopping carts, which is surprisingly more cool than trying-too-hard.Burger patty is seasoned really well and is HUGE. Be careful when you order it medium-rare... it might come out a little more rare than you're expecting (soggy in the middle... but still oh so good).
2	yeah, use to be awesome. but maybe not. i don't really remember. i think i just always really loved the super strong martinis.otherwise, overrated. completely. but, recently i did come to learn that the hot dog here is better than roosevelt. which is saying a lot.
4	Delux Burgers are excellent. The french fries are shoestring and served in wonderful shopping carts.  Delux is may be the ONLY restaurant in Phoenix open until 2AM nearly (or every) night of the week. And they have been in business for over five years now, no surprises about hours changing, running out of menu items etc. Very dependable.  Decent wait staff too.Negatives: Besides the burgers, I think the rest of the menu is mediocre. Don't try to go at normal dining hours, else you'll wait and wait.  Try to avoid sitting at the long plank-style table in the middle of the room, unless you enjoy sitting on an uncomfortable stool with everyone else in the room staring at your back. Oh, and its noisy too.
5	The hamburgers are great and the sweet potatoes fries are sooo fantastic.
4	Fantastic burgers, fantastic service...mixed fries with ketchup & aioli sauce is a must... I wish they had a larger menu selection however what they do offer they do it well...if in phx this is a must eat at lunch spot or late night grub.
3	Who wants to eat a greasy bland burger with a thick bun (doubles the meat) with fries and pay $15.00 for it? If you said yes, then Delux is the place for you. The only reason why I even gave it 3 stars was because it's one of few restaurants that is open until 2:00 AM and the interior is nicely decorated. It actually looked like a fun place to grab drinks but not the burgers. After reading reviews about Delux, I was excited to try a "gourmet" burger. Instead, I ended up with their "Delux" burger, which the meat was tasteless and overly greasy by itself. The burger was minimally saved by some of the savory toppings like grilled onions. The bun was grilled (drenched) with butter. We actually split the burger and fries and boy was I glad! The day after my burger experience, my stomach reminded me that Delux is just not the place for me.
5	02.05.10Stopped in here about 20 minutes before last call.  Greeted and seated right away at the middle bar.  Decor is very mod.  Blue lights everywhere.  The restrooms are fresh and clean.  I loved it.We ordered two Delux drafts and a double chocolate stout.  The lights come on.  The waiter urges us strongly to do a shot.  We knew it was a bad idea.  No go.Then came the freshly baked cookies [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/NJ0RzuWd5xDqfJejYQZ65g?select=RWLEGQXa2ss05mth8fxn-w].  So enticing.  The waiter says no free cookie until you take a shot.  We really wanted the cookies.In the end, no shot, free cookies.  Extra star for service!
4	Can't speak for Delux as a bar or social setting, but lunch out on the patio was somewhat mediocre.  Liked the fries (served in a mini-shopping cart) and their accompanying orange concoction, but the burgers were bland.  The outdoor seating area, with its view of the mini-mall parking lot, was less than glamorous.  One redeeming characteristic, aside from the manageable price, was the gazpacho, which was relatively delicious.  Would order, again, but that's about it.A bit overrated.Wheelchair friendly on the aforementioned patio, but not so much around the high bar table troughs inside.*Been here a couple more times and feel like the food is at least dependable, and the attitude is kept at a minimum.  Deserves and extra star or two more than my original review because it's the kind of place that you don't love, but that you can comfortably hang out at for awhile w/ your friends, yapping it up.  Also, open late and full of beers.
3	Another place I had heard great things about. I joined my Mom and Aunt for a bite between work (I'm downtown) and catching Mary Poppins (Gammage in Tempe). The place had a great atmosphere adn was full of young folks (and the young at heart).  Our waiter (Michael?), was fantastic! Very helpful with the menu and seemed very comfortable, therefore we were comfortable. Didn't waste our time but seemed to know exactly what we wanted to try. We hit up the happy hour which was great! Martinis and wine were our choice (both well done) and we started with the mixed basket of sweet potatoe and regular fries; which were AWESOME! I LOVED THE FRIES! My Mom and I shared the Delux burger which was just enough filling to feel comfortable and not fall asleep during the peformance to follow. My Aunt had their other well known burger, but it didn't seem like anything special. The Delux was great but I'm not sure what was so delux (or $10 worth) about it. The fries are DELUX!I wish I would've had some cookies, I've heard their great. I guess next time. Think this might be a happy hour option in the future.
4	As soon as we touched down in PHX and picked up our rental car, we headed to Delux for some late night grubb.  I was hungry but my other half wasn't as she ate on the flight to PHX.  Upon entering, we were promptly seated.  The ambiance is very nice.  We ordered a Delux burger, sweet potato fries, and a gazpacho soup.  The sweet potato fries came out first, and it was great start to the meal.  The Delux burger and soup came out a few minutes later.   The Delux burger was good, but not great.  The meat was prepared just about right and the burger was the right amount for the price but honestly I've had better.  The soup like a crushed bowl of salsa with a nice kick to it. One thing that stood out about this place was the service.  Our server Brad took very good care of us and ensured that we were happy and taken care of.  I would recommend Delux as a nice late night to eat at.
4	Heard about this place from New Times Best Of.  My foodie friends and I went there.The wait is usually long -- plan for that.  If you aren't planning on getting a hamburger then don't bother coming here.  There really should be only one thing on the menu: the Delux Burger.  Order it.It's good, tasty, plenty of portion.  Get some fries (mix regular and sweet potato fries) and enjoy.  I'm not sure it is a burger that makes me MUST come back every time I want a burger (we don't live close), but it was VERY good.  In fact, if I lived closer, I'd frequent the place more.The place is a bit crowded, and definitely LOUD on busy nights.  It's a bar pretty much, so keep that in mind.  Root beer is tasty too.Recommend.
5	Delux has the best burger and fries in Phoenix. The meat is tender, juicy, and flavorful; the fries are divine; you can't go wrong ordering regular, sweet potato, or a mix of both kinds of fries. As much as I would love to try the other dishes, the delux burger and fries are too good not to order time and again. If you don't do the delux, get the standard classic burger. Order it on the demi-baguette, as the regular bun gets soggy from the meat juice. Be sure to try the aioli; it's excellent.This place is popular, so be prepared to wait, especially on the weekends. My average wait has been 45 minutes.
4	Amazing fries and burger. Can't wait to go back. Great ambiance. Large draft beer selection. Thumbs up.
1	I had lunch outdoors at the Delux on Saturday (2/13/10) and ordered the Delux Burger. My burger (medium temperature) was undercooked and since the waiter didn't check to see how everything was tasting in a timely maner I asked for the check when he finally did take time out of his busy day to check on me. I was also pissed because there was a group of 8 people hovering next to me by the railing waiting for a table to open up outside. In short, the ambience does not match the hefty price of the meal.
4	Delux Burger: Median Rare (amazing) *they can also use lettus wrap instead of the buns.Sweet Potato Fries: Delicious (but dont take it home, its kinda gross after u reheat it.)Delux Dog: Great hot dogs, specially with their mustard.Mazzarella salad: ehhh not to crazy about it.
5	service was great. but they had be at GLUTEN FREE BURGER! :)
4	deluxe burgers. mixed sweet potato & french fries. chipotle garlic aioli. beer flights. open till 2am, 7 days a week.  need i say more..?
5	I was brimming with trailer trash jokes when I first heard about Delux. The idea of a classy hamburger joint seemed like an oxymoron to me. Now it just seems genius. They have an excellent selection of micro-brews. An upscale atmosphere and the burgers are some of the best I've had. I guess its not so much fancy than it is quality. Its a nice enough place to feel comfortable if your dressed up or in t-shirt and jeans. Hagan Daz milkshakes are better (and cheaper) here than they are at the Hagan Daz store.
5	I've been hearing about this place for several years and finally stopped in this past Sunday with my family for lunch. Even on a Sunday the restaurant was full but we got lucky and there was no wait for a table. Service was excellent with our waiter giving good suggestions and advice about what to order. We got a few baskets of the mixed fries - regular and sweet potatoes - which come in the miniature shopping carts as mentioned by other reviewers. The fries are delicious and my children loved the little carts. For the main meal, my wife and I both had the Delux Burger as did my mother-in-law and my father-in-law had a salad. The burgers are big so bring your appetite or prepare to share your food! However, the burgers are delicious and well worth the reputation they have earned.I didn't try any, but the selection of microbrews is extremely impressive and its nice to see a place with such a good representation of local and regional beers.Finally, save room for dessert. The choices looked great and I saw other diners enjoying them. Unfortunately I was already stuffed!Overall, Delux is definitely pricey but well worth it for one of the best burgers I have ever experienced. If I lived in Phoenix full time, I would make this a regular stop!
4	I ate here the other day as a last minute "I'm early for my appointment and am super hungry" thing.  Glad I stopped by.The seating? Meh. It's a bit crowded, and I sat at the community table. The purse hooks are nice, but sitting on a stool for an hour long meal was not good for my back, and my shoulders cried out in pain.The menu is good; however, online they tell you if the soups are vegetarian/vegan. They don't mention it on the in-store menu. Good thing I'd looked it up, and that my server (Meschelle) knew her stuff.  I was in a bit of a hurry and not ready for a whole sandwich, so I got the gazpacho and an order of sweet potato fries.  Which come with ketchup and a house aoili, but the server let me know it had mayo in it, which means eggs.  So instead, she brought me ketchup and a nice mustard (they have 4 kinds) for dipping. I appreciated that a lot, and also her asking me about whether I wanted the goat cheese that came on my soup or not.The fries? Delicious. Some of the best sweet potato fries I've ever been blessed to try.  I may come back just for those.  But then, I had my soup? Oh! It wasn't anything like what I'd imagined (it was way more chunky, and more like a tomato salsa than a traditional gazpacho), but it came with goat cheese and avocado on top, and it was to DIE for. So freaking good.The service was excellent; my drink was always filled, food came out on time, and the check came out when I wanted it too, rather than too early or having to ask. The food as delicious. My only beef was having to sit on a stool and lean over a hot (because it was lit) table.I'll be back with my partner for sure to try the burgers (her) and sandwiches (me)!
4	Mrs. Ambiance and I went to Delux after the Chelsea Handler show this evening and their burgers were much more complex than the comedian.Cool place, especially late night.  The long blue table in the center seems to be the place to be.They tried to sit Mrs. Ambience and her sister (the really pickey one) out side, well, that did not work at all and we moved to the long blue table.The food was just great, comfort food for late night.  Shopping basket for the fries is a great touch.Early morning tomorrow, so could not fully ReTox.
4	One of my favourite burger places I've visited, and I love me a good burger. The decor is nice and modern. They serve fries and sweet potato fries in a mini shopping cart, mixed if you want them. So yummy! The burger was great too. Nothing disappointing about this place. Quite impressive for a burger joint. I guess in America they take their burgers more seriously than in Canada.
5	Great Burgers, Great Fries, and Great Beer, is there anything else you need to know?The Burgers are fantastic, and they have their own amazing special sauce.  Even the Veggie Panini is amazing, full of flavor, and cheese.The Fries come out in a mini shopping car, come in both sweet potato and regular potato variety.  Get a half and half.The dessert cookies sucked, sorry, but they did.  All in all I will be going there again!  Probably Next week!
2	Ehhhh...take out the once trendy atmosphere and it's really not that impressive. Burgers seem greasy. Fries are hit and miss. Oriental chicken salad is very good.  Beer selection is great. But you can find all this and better at many of the brew pubs in town. Not worth the $$$ to me.
4	Good draft beer selection but you should know what you want because the waitresses are often ckueless. Really good food, love the sweet potato fries. 40 taps and the kitchen is open late.
2	Delux is my go to place.  Always a great burger and my favorite beer selection on tap (besides Yard House, but I'm not into chains).  Can't go wrong with either the Delux burger or the Standard burger.  The rest of the menu is good, too.  The Chinese Chicken Salad is refreshing and can serve two.  Love the milkshakes.  Every once in the while the burger comes out undercooked, or the bread hard, so that's why I'm not giving it five stars.  I guess given the frequency I eat here, I'm not going to hit a home run every time.  Hope to see here you soon![Update 11/30/12] Realized that my prior review is way outdated.  At one time my favorite local beer and burger spot, but now, just a distant memory.  I've given Delux soooo many chances to change my mind.  Beer is now often flat, and my burger never comes out right the first time around.  I really hope they can fix the problems and bring back the Delux I was knew and loved.
3	Some co-workers and I decided to try this place out. It was ok. It can get very crowded during lunch. They recommend their hamburgers on the rare side, a little too rare for me being hamburger. The sweet potato fries were good. Its small and kind of has the same vibe as FEZ or SWITCH. Probably more on the Switch side of things with all the blue decor...
4	As I walked into Delux the other night I instantly felt guilty of cheating on my beloved burger joint, that shall remain nameless in this review..... I have to say I was impressed. Lots of beers on tap, Mothership - really close to a Hoegarden was my fave! They also have what they call "Flights" where you get a board of three different beers shooter style to try. Next time if I am feeling feisty I will trying them out. I ordered the Turkey Burger, very good. It has lots of flavor. And sadly I had to admit that their wheat bun is a bit better than the one I get at the burger place that shall remain nameless. Over all the place is a go. Nice ambiance, a tv to watch the game, great plate presentation, good sized patio out front (patio is key in AZ!). One thing I will say negatively.... bar stools - not comfortable at all.
1	The service at this restaurant is horrible.  My friend and I had wanted to go to the Phoenician lobby for burgers, but they were going to close, so we went here.  Basically, Delux is one of those places that charges you Phoenician-like rates and puts on the same kind of politically correct show with the fancy-pants decor, but the service is at the same level as McDonald's.First of all, the service is slow.  And the waiter was moderately unpleasant from the beginning.  And they sat us at a tiny table for 2.  So far, no big deal.  But then the impatient staff comes over and kept trying to take away our dishes.  "Are you finished with that plate?", the waiter asked, when I was only half finished with the burger.  Eventually, they swooped in and took the plate out without asking.  They also took other stuff of mine and threw it away.  The manager is some girl barely out of high school with a sassy attitude, and even before I explained my situation, you could tell she could care less. (She eventually found some of my stuff, then lied and said it hadn't been in the garbage.) Then, when the server sees me leaving no tip, he starts swearing at me, and when we leave, he makes a point to open the door and say "Thanks for nothing".  Little did he realize that since I put the meal on my credit card, my friend left the tip in cash.  A 22% tip.  So much for service.  We could have gone to the Phoenician and they would have blown us kisses even if we didn't tip.  And if they would have taken my stuff and thrown it away without asking, they probably would have given me a free room.  That's the difference between real class and service, and fakers like the kind who work at Delux.I am never going back ever again, and I'm sure until the doors close, no one at Delux will care about my return, or that of anyone else's.  Customers seem to be the impediment to their running what would otherwise be, in their opinion, a great restaurant.
4	I frequent this establishment monthly and each time I set my taste buds free down the lager roller coaster they call a Flight.  Their beer selection is amazing and the atmosphere is trendy (but not pretentious).  This is a burger bar and they do burgers right!  If it's your first time, I highly recommend a burger and flight.  If you want to try something new, go for one of the focaccia sandwiches.
3	ehhhh... as a 2nd time visitor to phoenix i just gotta say i wish there more late night eateries open around 130am.that being said, this place was ok.  sure the burger was pretty good, but damn, $11 to go?also, i woulda thought they had a larger burger selection, but they didnt.  it was actually rather disappointing.what was impressive however was their beer selection.  they had like a billion beers on tap.anyway, they should rename this place "land of a 3 dozen beers & 3 types of burgers"... the current name is misleading!
2	I'm going to start by saying I'd have slapped Delux a third star if my burger wasn't so god damned over cooked.  I'm a meat-a-holic (that sounded naughty) and I know what I like.  Fa-reaking rare;  cook the "moo" out and we're good to go. My sammy was chared on the outside, gray-ish pink on the inside.  Tell Mr. Krabs to fire spongebob and get a wage monkey that can handle temperature orders. (I'd so work here)All that being said,  the restaurant was nice, though I was sat at the community table (what is with THIS fucking trend? I don't want to sit on a strangers lap...hmmm....) and even though my meat was nuked, it did have some good flavor.  I shall return to Delux in search  of redemtion.  For them.  Yeaaaah.
2	Food is good, but portions are small, and it is ridiculously priced
4	The grilled chicken panini sandwich was super yummy with the pesto sauce!!
4	We went for dinner.  The staff is excellent.  Very attentive, prompt and super!We split their burger and fries.  Delicious!Also, love the decor and ambience.   But if you sit outside avoid sitting at a table where the waiting benches back up to the fence.  Something about having strangers heads sitting with their back right up against my table bugged me.
4	Do yourself a favor and head to Delux!!!! You won't be disappointed. I had the pleasure of the Turkey Burger which was nothing short of fantastic! And the miniature grocery basket of half sweet potato and regular fries topped it all off perfectly. Can't wait to go back and sample the rest of the menu.
4	I eat at Delux at least once a month.  Most of the time we order to go but the atmosphere is great and the burgers are unique and very satisfying.  They have a secret sauce that is good on just about anything!  If you go make sure you get some of their sweet potato fries and I suggest the Delux Burger.  They do not have a huge amount of seating and it does get busy so try to get there earlier before 7:00-7:30.
4	We were SO hung over from visiting a friend in Scottsdale last week and he recommended a nice burger from Delux.  We met up with him and the place was pretty cool looking.  We sat at the long row table which I would have rather sat down in a chair or booth since I could feel the alcohol seeping from my skin.  I really wanted to curl up in a ball and die but needed some food first. We were starving and got the delux burger with mix of sweet potato fries (served in a cute cart!).  None of us could finish the burger it was so filling and delicious!  I also had the gaspacho soup which was refreshing to begin with. I didn't give this five stars though because the atmosphere to me wasn't very comfortable and a bit overpriced.
4	Delux is a reliable late-night dining and drinking destination.  For us, we were pretty hungry after watching a Spring Training game, and there weren't a ton of late-night spots.  Luckily, this place is open until 2am, every day!  And, luckily, it reminds me of the movie Tron, which I love, inside, with neon blue lights all up in your face!Between the bf and I, we ordered the delux Burger and the Standard Classic Burger.  If you tell them you want it cooked medium-rare, they actually know what that means!  Pink and tender on the inside, light brown on the outside, and soooo yummy.  We also shared a beer flight, which was pretty cool, and some "a la cart" fries, which are presented to you in a mini shopping cart.Convenient, cute, kitschy, yummy, along with a side of good service.  I recommend!
5	Went here last night as my final blow out before I jump on the Fat Smash train. Amazing burger, I couldn't have asked for a better send off. I had my creation I love so much..the Caprese Burger, see previous review. Friggin' delicious!
5	Following items on the menu are just amazing:Delux Burger Turkey Burger Chinese Chicken SaladSweet Potato fries in a small shopping cartThe place is very clean, nice restrooms, trendy bar and the best thing is that they are open every day until 2am.The only negative thing is that most of the time there is a waiting time (sometimes 30 - 45 minutes) and the other problem is that I really never can decide what to get. It's just too good...
2	I honestly don't understand what all the hype about Delux is about. I honestly prefer Fez. The meat is supposed to be this amazing, specially raised beef - that's all good, but could you maybe add some flavor/spice to it? I'm not sure they even added salt. Besides that, my bun was soaked with juice. Really? I've never even got that at Burger King. The one positive thing I have to say, is that the atmosphere is pretty cool and they are open late. BUT..even though they are open late..it's not enough for me to go there even when late-night options are slim.
4	Consistent.  Great chinese chicken salad and best beer selection.  No one does sweet potato fries better.
4	I hadn't been to Delux in a long while.  The recent Phoenix burger insurgency has put too many alternative options on my plate.  I stopped in recently for lunch and was quickly reminded of its position on top of hamburger hill.  This place has staying power.  We will be continuing to eat there years after most of the other burger imitators have gone under.
4	Went last night for a girlfriend's birthday.  How CUTE is this place!  They literally served our basket of french fries in a mini shopping cart basket container!  It was adorable!  The menu is pretty simple, and the drink list surprisingly offers a rather large selection.I'm not a big burger eater, so I ordered the grilled chicken panini.  It came on a grilled baguette topped with cheese and veggies.  It was fantastic, and huge--I took half of it home for lunch today.  I liked that there was seating both inside and out--since it's about to get a million degrees out, we opted to sit outside on the patio and enjoy the nice weather.  It was Monday night, so it was incredibly slow, but our service was still great.  My girlfriends both ordered the burger, and definitely enjoyed it.  A glass of wine was very reasonable at $6 each and our sandwiches/burgers were each about $10.  Considering I got two meals out of it, I think that's a great deal!  Because it was my friend's birthday, the server brought out a complimentary ice cream sundae, which I thought was sweet.  If I ever am craving a burger, I will have to come back
4	I love fries, and their sweet potato are some of the finest fries around.  Also, the burgers are pretty good, but that aole sauce that comes out with the fries along with ketchup is a winner.  I had the turkey burger and I usually get that because of the perfect blend of stuff to have on top a burger.  The only complaint I have is the place is to small.  Its really not good for a group more than four people and even that might be to many.  It just feels cramped inside and I have not sat outside yet.  The actual bar is alright, but I will go back for the fries.Recommendation:  For people that like a hip scene and love sweet potato fries definitely go, If you are in a big group or claustrophobic do not.
4	Delux has been my go-to Burger place (other than In-n-Out of course) during my time in Arizona. Delux is open until 2AM.... 2AM!! Open until 2AM on sundays is unheard of! Given that I'm a night owl, Andrew and Delux are a match made in heaven. The owner of Delux also owns the Zen 32 sushi bar and Revo Burrito, which all happen to be in the same shopping center. He controls 4 store fronts (also Delux To Go), which makes a pretty impressive representation in such a small area.Delux offers indoor and outside seating, but like other yelpers mentioned, if you come with a party with more than 4, be prepared to wait. Most tables only sit 4, and will have to be moved together. There is a long community table in the center of the restaurant, which is a nice change for Phoenix... I say this because Phoenix seems like a place where people in restaurants pretend they're eating in their homes... and it's a social faux pas to talk to your neighbor. Now for the food. The burgers are delicious. I personally recommend the delux burger. This comes with a cheese blend (which I always ask for no cheese, so I can't review it), bacon, sauteed onions, and arugula. I get this medium and with added tomato and pickles. Ask for a side of the aioli and ketchup to smear this on your bun, you'll thank me later.As a compliment to your meal, order the sweet potato fries. The french fries are pretty standard, but the sweet potato fries are excellent. They come in a mini metal grocery shopping cart, which adds a nice touch. These are served with a side of the aioli and ketchup.Delux has a very nice drink menu, with a large variety of beers and interesting drinks. For the atmosphere, the restaurant is very hip, but far from hipster (which is good). You'll feel comfortable here dressed in either a jacket and jeans or even shorts and a t-shirt (you'll see both groups represented).In summary, the food is excellent, the atmosphere is great, and the hours of unbeatable.
3	This place may be better known for their fries but they have a great burger. I like that they only have a few burger options. I suggest the original Delux burger. Get a mixed basket of potato and sweet potato fries.  Great beers on tap too!
1	I don't understand the hype. Is it because it's in the same plaza as a gelato joint and zen 32? Oooh, and sweet potato fries served in a cutesy mini shopping cart?...no thanks. The burger was just so-so, but nothing I wanted to even continue eating after the first bite. On the plus side, better than IHOP or Denny's for a late night, after the bar meal.
4	Delux is an upscale burger joint located on Camelback Rd. The food was pretty high quality and I enjoyed my lunch there. If you go there you have to get the sweet potato fries. It is an absolute requirement. They are open late making them a great option instead of a fast food drive through. They also have a large variety of beer on tap which is a nice plus.
3	I lunched at Delux for the first time today...I liked the vibe in there! Some were there for business, some were casual and some were with their families. My boss and I split a basket of mixed fries (I dig the little shopping cart baskets). The fries weren't outstanding but I appreciated having 2 dipping options - ketchup v. aioli. He had the regular burger, which was devoured in a matter of minutes. I had the turkey burger wrapped in lettuce - it was the most flavorful turkey burger I've ever had! I covered it with the avocado and fresh salsa that accompanied it on the side. Overall it was a good lunch! I always appreciate a restaurant with good burgers and an open kitchen.
5	Went back and had the chinese chicken salad, which was awesome, virtually identical to the one at Houstons but that's ok, I love it anyway.  Our server was great.  My friend had the bisque (daily)  and loved it and we shared jam fries.  Great experience, even better than my previous one.
4	I love Delux!!Especially for late nite eating an cocktails... the sweet potato fries are the best!! the staff is great, never had a bad time here!! sitting on the patio when it's not sweltering outside is the best, good place to people watch as well...
3	Coming from a line of folks who love nothing better than pulling out the weber and grilling up some sort of red meat, I consider myself an avid lover of all things barbecue or 4th of July. This includes burgers.I had heard a lot of hype about Delux, and thought that I ought to give it a try to see if it could hold up to my dad's famous Gerrick Burger - ingredients are secret!I ordered the Delux burger, lured in by the maytag and gruyere, as there can't possibly be two better cheeses on the planet. And when you add bacon and caramelized onions, you've snagged me.  The burger was good. Well, really to be more accurate, it was above average. It didn't blow my socks off, or make my mouth water for a second.  The Sweet Potato Fries were delightful, as was the aioli they were served with.Will I ever go back? Sure. Will I be the one to suggest a visit there? Probably not.
3	I'm not a big fan of their burgers but I was a fan of a few other things so will give them another shot. The service was outstanding, the fries are tasty & come in a cute shopping cart. I like the ambiance & the pear ale. Prices are a little high for what you get.
4	What's not to like about Delux?!I had a tasty turkey burger, which was nicely seasoned (you know turkey burgers can be on the dry side). We had the mixture of sweet potato fries and regular fries, which come with that yummy sauce.We sat at that long middle table, which is awesome with the lights (loved the under table hooks for purses..nice touch).Quick service, fun place-good food.Love the late hours-it's not easy to find late dining in Phoenix.
1	Went for lunch with my wife who works in the area. The place was loud & crowded. We waited 10 minutes to be seated and the service went downhill from there. I ordered a beer, server asked for my ID, which I handed him, and he ran off with it (I assumed to check it). 5 minutes later he returns with my ID but not my beer! I finally got my beer shortly after. The food is overpriced and marginal at best. It seems like it is a place to go to be seen as long as you don't care about mediocre food at a Biltmore district price. When we were ready to leave, we waited for the bill. Then waited some more. Then more waiting. The group of 4 next to us at the table was in the same boat - where is our server & our bill? I finally got up, walked over to the manager & asked for our bill and the bill for the party next to us. He of course apologized. We paid, which took the server way too long to process, and left. I will not be back & I doubt the party next to us will be either.
2	the burger was good, not great but oh the service, i think they forgot all about us.   If you are looking to eat in less than an hour forget it!
3	3.5 starsThe food I can't complain about, I guess the overall experience is what brought it down.  The deluxe burger was very good but a little pricey.  Fries came out in a shopping cart accompanied with ketchup or chipotle sauce.  First walking in, it had this distinct nursing home smell,  I couldn't pinpoint if it was the restaurant or a diner at the restaurant.The service is what brought it down.  It was soooooooooooooo slow especially when there were only a few tables to be waited on.  An improvement on the customer service would of  been better a better experience.  Maybe if the place was packed their servers would of been more on point.
2	Fries were soggy and over salted.  Mayo condiment very salty.  Burger was ok kind of cold.  Bacon cheese mix nothing special says applewood bacon but the waiter explained to me it was like bacon bits.  Bacon bits really?  The hype is why people come but honestly there are way better burger places out there.  It's a trendy place with fancy lighting and a nightclub type atmosphere. I came at lunch and there is no lunch price its still $9.50 cents for burger with no fries.  Grain feed, organic I get it.  Thats why it is pricey.  But it should knock my socks off and this place does not. Comes with carrots and beet strings hmmm.Good for groups but it is family style seating in the middle of the burger joint.I did notice they have a large selection of not your typical beers so I may come back one day for a brew.
5	Nice and trendy place! The sauce they have here is delicious with the fries!
4	Oh my god I'm so stuffed! Four stars.
3	To me, Delux is just your typical burger joint that seems so atypical nowadays. The burgers are pretty decent and the fries are pretty yum. I would say go if you're in the area. But, I prefer the burrito place next door.
5	I have had my fair share of burgers and I can confidently say Delux has the best burgers in the valley. I have heard their paninis and salads are great, but if I'm going to Delux, I'm ordering the burger. I have been to Delux several times and their extensive beer selection, creative drinks, and consistent great service makes their experience just that much more enjoyable. There are hundreds of reviews, so see them for details regarding the atmosphere and specifics, but I can reassure you their burgers are the best. Brett is the most attentive, pleasant, and knowledgeable server I've had at Delux (July 2010).
5	One of the best burgers in town!  Awesome fries that come in a tiny shopping basket with ketchup or chipotle sauce.  .  Place has a great vibe.  Burger by itself is about 9.50, a bit pricey but very good.It's gets packed at lunch time,  so be ready to sit very close to other people as the seating isn't so great.
4	Yum - a - liciousYea that just happened. Mixed fry basket,,,, regular fries and sweet potatoes fries in a small shopping cart with a yummy dipping sauce. On the real, I can not stop eating those freaking fries!! Danger Danger!oh and the burgers and service -- they are great as well. No complaints KEEP THE FRIES COMIMG!!!  and maybe give me a free fry shopping basket  and i will give you 5 stars.. lol  what, what, I know its selfish and self serving, but hey don't hate the player.... Hate the game.
2	Went late last night with the family after a long day. Wanted to try The Grind, but they close at 9:30. Next up; Delux.Went in, got seated promptly. Service was excellent. Ordered a Delux burger, and 2 Chinese Chicken Salads. $9.5, and $9 respectively. 1 beer, 2 glasses of wine, and two Ketels and Soda. The basket of mixed fries; get ready for it.... $6. Are you effing serious? Grand total, $77. Tip and total $83. (edit: my numbers were off, and it was brought to my attn that the tip sucked... so it was closer to $87 or 88.. we did leave a fair tip because the service was good.)Value. It sucked. 6 bucks for a basket of mixed fries; it had better come with a blow-job. The bread on the burger was a little firm. Not saying stale, but a little firm. The burger was cooked right, but it just missed something. The salads were good, but not great. Just a ho-hum meal. Great selection of beers on tap, and a great bar. Great service, too, but the food left too much on the plate to be taken seriously as a $100 burger joint. For almost $100 you should leave with a big smile on your face, not holding your ass like someone just raped you.  Gotta say... It was entertaining watching a girl make out with two different guys at the same time. (+1 star) The whole group was snowed out of their minds. (-1 star) Think she put that in the, "things I did last night that I do not remember" category? Eh, maybe. But, it was a little awkward sitting with my family while watching the sexcapade. So, the lesson here boys and girls is, when it's the only late-night game in town, you can charge whatever you want.
3	Perhaps it was all the hype that let me down? I've heard a lot about Delux and I'm never in the area.  Recently, I had a meeting there and got my first shot at it. Sweet Potato Fries were the best I've had. Very good taste, little crispy on the outside and good texture and temperature inside.  I'd say they were too heavily salted but I'm hardly one to complain about that.Burger was very juicy and fresh and cooked just right, which led to the bottom of the bun becoming soggy but I can deal with that - I eat slow.Server was on top of it and, from what it seemed, the manager came around a couple times and made sure everything was going well and that we were happy.Why 3 stars... It was just what 3-stars says... "A-ok"... no problems, everything was good but I wouldn't say that "yay! I'm a fan".   It's an upscale trendy burger joint.  To be honest I've had better burgers in hole-in-the wall mom-and-pop shops.  I know the meat is special and grass fed with no hormones or whatever but it's not worth paying x2 as much for. That's about all I have to say about that.  I'd be back but not if I'm buyin :) lol
4	You are pretty much guaranteed a good burger at Delux.  That plus a hugeormous selection of beer and amazing service equals a great meal.  About the service, the last time I was there my waitress had a knack for knowing what I wanted before even I did.  That was impressive.  If I needed my drink topped off she was already on it. Word to the wise, chances are you'll be sitting at a big long table with a bunch of other people.  So if you are looking for something more intimate, this isn't your place.
2	The fries are amazing! Hope you aren't expecting a good burger though. They have obscenely tough breads and normally come out overcooked. Not only are they hard to eat, but they are overly buttery and not all that flavorful. The double stack from wendy's is tastier every time...
4	I remember my first visit to Delux,it was before heading over to shop in the craziness that is Last Chance. Anyway my friend suggested this spot because of their sweet potato fries...that's all she had to say, I was down!! It's a trendy little spot inside of a strip mall, it kinda looked outta place but it stood out in a good way.I ordered the sweet potato fries they were yummy (I like mine a little crispier, but they were still delish)  and the CHINESE CHICKEN SALAD...Mmmmmm the flavors were amazing, the red peppers, cilantro, romaine and that peanuty vinaigrette is too die for! I was a little worried that I wasn't going to get full but this salad was easily large enough for 2.I'm ashamed to say that the 3 times that I have been to Delux I have had this salad, I'm hooked. Next time I promise I will venture out and try one of these burgers everyone keeps raving about...maybe.
5	I'm sure I don't have to mention that they have the best sweet potato fries around, but just in case you didn't know, I'm telling you now, THEY HAVE THE BEST SWEET POTATO FRIES AROUND!!!My first visit to Delux, back when I was a carnivore, was suggested by a friend after a night at the club ended way too early (no comment), and Denny's was not an option. I ordered a burger and a side of sweet potato fries because I'd never tried them before, and now I make sure those are the only fries I ever eat.This last week I took my boyfriend there because he'd never wandered past his Gilbert bubble and since there really wasn't anything we could eat that had no meat (I know, vegetarian in a burger place, but I only wanted the fries) we ordered a cheese panini and a large order of mixed fries. My bf couldn't gobble them up fast enough. I knew I should have ordered two =(
4	We love Delux. They may be overpriced (hence the 4 stars) but the fries and the aioli are perfect and the burgers are delicious. We always receive great service here. On our last visit, the manager took care of us and treated us to free cookies at the end of our meal. The beer selection is fabulous and there's something for everyone. We only go a few times a year, since it's expensive, but we always enjoy it.
5	Delux is a great place!  My girlfriend and I went there for dinner the other night because someone told her that they had great vegi-burgers there.  I can always go for a burger, so I was game.  Well, she was let down (initially!) since they don't have vegetarian patties.  They do, however, have many other vegetarian delights!  She had the grilled cheese and enjoyed it.I had a bacon cheeseburger and it was cooked to perfection.  The bacon wasn't too crunchy or too soft, and the bun tasted and felt fresh.We got the normal fries, and they were very good.  Not too thick, and tasted fresh.  They give you a variety of sauces to dip them in.The service was beyond excellent!  Our waitress was on the ball.  She filled our drinks very often, brought out our food with amazing speed, and was very attentive in all she did.There are a few minor things I didn't like.  Certainly nothing enough to take away from the rating.  The restaurant feels cramped.  Inside, you may have to share a table with others you don't know in bar-like seating, and outside on the patio, they shoved in as many tables as they could fit, and the seats aren't all that comfortable.I can't wait to go back!
4	I sadly have never been to Delux before until tonight.There's not much to say that hasn't been already said in the 300+ reviews.  Delux is good, atmosphere is cool, service is great, and if you sit at the long high top'd table you will make friends with the people sitting next to you.  Their Sweet Potato fries are bombDOTcom....the aioli that comes with them is amazing, I would put it on everything if I had a bottle of it at home.  Had the Delux Burger...flavor wise it had everything going for it, and everything that I've heard people rave about.....BUT 1 thing: it was madly overcooked, kinda killed it for me.  I normally get my burger's medium, but I know you should get the Delux burger med-rare, so I sprung for it and it came out close to well done :(It's the only thing holding me back from giving it that extra star....
3	I've had great burgers all over this country. I remember getting off a bus in the middle of nowhere, Nebraska and having an amazing burger (across the street from a slaughterhouse). I was hyped about Delux, so I had high expectations.The burger was great....however.....I could not get the idea out of my head that the place smelled like dead cow. Did it? I don't know, it smelled like something......died, maybe a cow....I know that burgers are made from red meat (dead cow) but should the restaurant smell like it too? Maybe it's me, I don't know.......the burger was good though, AWESOME fries
2	I'm still looking for a GREAT burger.  I cant find one.  Ill review ZinBurger next.  This place is okay.  The fries are good, burger is good...I'm just looking to be WOWed.  Also... The burgers didnt have many options.   No list of anything fancy or unexpected.  Just a pretty standard burger. Oh but the fries are served in a mini shopping cart, so thats just sooooo cool, that it makes up for everything else being just so-so...  Wait, no... my mistake... the fries delivery system doth not make up for an otherwise Meh experience.   NEEEEEEXT!
5	a place with great food where they always remember me...how do you beat that????
3	Oh Boy. This could be grounds for divorce as my husband loves Delux, but I just can't give it more than three stars. Why? INCONSISTENCY. Don't get me wrong, I've had 5-star nights at Delux but I've also had 2-star nights so here I stand.The beer selection is fantastic, the wine list is okay and  the menu is simple and what you'd expect from a burger joint - burgers, a hot dog, salads and few apps but there's just something missing for me. The service is okay. I don't think we've ever had exceptional service at Delux. It's always "okay" or "good." I like the community table (although I wish the seats were more comfortable) and the outside patio is good when the weather is nice (if you can get over the fact that everything in Phoenix is in a strip-mall and you have views of the Safeway parking lot).Overall, if I'm going to spend $60-$100 for a beer, wine & burger night with my husband - I want it to be spot on and unfortunately, you just can't count on Delux for delivering that all the time. If you're in the area looking for a burger joint with a good vibe check out Zin Burger at the Biltmore Mall.
4	Oh it's delicious and the sweet potato fries are yummy but the garlic fries is where it's at!
3	Ahh, so much hype and rave and I can finally throw in my 2 cents.  I am purely reviewing just the burger and fries.The patty was prepared nicely in it's medium rare form.  But I felt like there was not enough beefy flavor to it.  Maybe the caramelized onions and applewood bacon took that away?? Not to mention the fancy arugula green leaves.  The final piece to this atypical style was that it came in a demi-baguette roll.  All of these supporting cast ingredients to the patty tasted fine and complemented each other but overall the final product steered away from the American classic style.The only thing I remotely liked about the fries were that it was lightly seasoned with salt and little herbs and the fact that it came out in a little shopping cart with the Delux logo in front of it.  I would rate them as mediocre.  It just did not pop.  I was hoping for the potato fresh taste in the inside and crispiness on the out. [Regular Fries]As for the decor, it's a nice, clean contemporary and young professional lunch spot.
4	My mouth is watering just thinking about the yummy food that we have eaten here.  The sweet-potato fries here are the best ones we've ever had ANYWHERE!  The burgers are ALWAYS cooked to perfection no matter how we order them (I prefer well-done burgers, and my hubby likes them medium with pink in the middle).  The Chinese Chicken salad here (idk if thats what it's actually called, but thats what we call it) is the best ever (ok, it ties with the one at Houstons, but it is a salad that I actually ENJOY eating...and I would normally rather starve than eat a salad).  On the weekends it usually pretty busy and hectic, but it is soooo worth it! Also great for those late-night burger cravings.
3	Stopped by Deluxe last night.  It's got that fun, it's-almost-like-we're-at-a-night-club ambience for people who want to feel like they're going out when they eat.  The tables were all lit up blue, the furniture is very modern and the music was hoppin'.  I ordered the Classic-Standard Burger.The food and service was good, but I have one major complaint.  The prices are outrageous.  The burger I ordered was $9.90 and didn't come with fries, but instead, a teacup sized serving of melon. Like every other red-blooded American, I like my burger with a side of fries. It cost me $6 to get that.  (These were not $6 fries.) And while our service was otherwise good, when I asked about ordering fries for moi our waiter didn't suggest the $3 alternative (1/2 portion).  I still don't think you should have to pay additional for fries with a burger, but hey, that would've been better. I get it, they're hip, the food is tasty, and they're kitsch so the prices are high. But there's limits to how much you can charge for a simple burger and fries.  For that price or less I can go to Houston's and get a burger with amazing shoe-string fries or get one with fries and fruit at AZ88. (Both restaurants are larger and their wine lists and menus are too.) My advice to the owners: make your almost non-existent serving of fruit exchangeable for a satisfying portion of fries. If you are going to charge for fries as a separate, (hahem, your competitors don't), they shouldn't range from $5 (regular) - $6 (sweet potato) for a full serving.  The fries taste pretty much exactly  like Fuddruckers'.
5	This place by far makes the best "designer" burgers I have ever had, the Delux buger with maytag bleu, caramelized onions, and arugula is orgasmic! They have an unbelievable selection of delicious beer as well. I've had many meals and many late night meals there as they serve until 2am!!!
4	I love this restaurant; it had great ambiance!  I had the fish burger with sweet potato fries and washed them down with strawberry and peanut butter mike shakes.  All excellent!  Great service and the entire staff is very efficient, professional and friendly.  A very clean place with outdoor dinning.
4	Three words: Sweet. Potato. Fries. Burgers are amazing also, but I'm not a big beefy fan. Hubby is though, and he can't shut up about this place. I'll admit, the cute shopping cart in which the fries arrive is adorable. Yes, that's important. But if the fries weren't to-die-for, it wouldn't matter as much. But they are! Atmosphere is cool/trendy/fun - but not pretentious. Chef Matt is super cool - Hi Matt! :) I've only been once, so maybe we'll move up to 5 stars after further visits. I believe it was a Friday afternoon, and it was packed. Word is out and they are busy for a reason, so plan on patience or plan accordingly for your visit here. But do visit! It's worth it.
5	I don't think there is anything else to be said about Delux, it's been around and they offer nothing but great food; the Classic Burger and the Delux burger are both very delicious.  I like Delux better and I do recommend medium rare; the quality of the meat is unbelievable.  Love the sweet fries; I do prefer the mixture of both sweet and regular fries.
4	In keeping with my practice of no good reviews unless two visits, the Delux held up quite nicely.Unfortunately, having tried both variations of their Burger (The Delux and The Standard) I did discover that the flavor of the Delux comes from the accompaniments and NOT the beef. This comes to light with the Standard, as without onions it does lack the "beefy flavor" one expects from an extraordinary Hamburger. Certainly a presentable and repeatable experience, although NOT sure it stacks up against other premium priced Burgers. Their late hours (open til 2:00 AM) are a plus forNightowls.Biggest hit are the Sweet Potato Fries and the accompanying Aioli. FABULOUS, almost beyond adequate description. Plus the service in a miniature grocery cart is very cute!Not the best of the Premium Burgers in town (See The Grind) but worth repeating occasionally.
3	I visited on high reviews.  I think it's a little over-rated, but good none the less.  My burger was a bit overcooked, food was overpriced but the service was top notch.  Great service, exciting atmosphere (although a bit cramped).  I would go again with hopes of a better burger.
3	A good burger and the best regular and sweet potato fries in PHX; however you need to provide good service.  The service is not as good as either Indulge, Zinburger or The Grind, and the seating is extremely cramped at peak periods.  The food is very consistent; parking can be a bit difficult.
5	By far one of the best hamburgers around. Fries served in a little shopping cart and the mixed sweet potato fries with the french fries were to die for.
4	The sub sandwich of burgers. Seriously. I could only eat half and I can put it away.  The patty is just so thick, I couldn't handle it.  I must really need to get laid if that last sentence about a thick hamburger sounded sexual to me.Anyway, besides the thickness factor, the hamburger was delicious-- medium rare, melty Gruyere cheese, bacon and onions cooked together in what makes a gooey, slightly sweet BBQ-like sauce.  I also partook in one of the beer flights... and then I partook in my friend's beer flight because I forced him to get one even though he doesn't like beer (Insuring that I would end up with two beer flights-- nothing in life is random, wait, everything in life is random... I'm confused.  How about nothing in life is random where beer is concerned?).The sweet potato fries were soft. I like a little more crunch in my fry. Who wants a flaccid fry? Not me. I could bend them in all sorts of shapes, none of which were useful.  I think I liked the ambiance more than the food, but the food was good too. Or maybe I had too much beer and this review, tainted with sexual innuendos, is worthless. Either way, a must try.      P.S. I hope people I only know in passing never read this.
4	Delux has been a great spot for years and many burger joints have tried to copy this concept and they are good but there is one delux.  The french fry's on a cart of pretty bananas and the sweet potato style cart is just as great if not better.  I give these guys major kudos for their selection of menu items and they have great options for beer drinkers as well.  The price is reasonable for their experience.
4	Delux is a modern take on the old-fashioned concept of a diner.  It's not a big restaurant.  If you are against eating at the bar or a more communal type-table, get there early and be prepared to wait.  If you're waiting at the bar, Delux has a decent list of beers, including a few different choices for flights of beers.  Once you're seated, get the Delux Burger!  By the way, Delux is one of the few places I've ever been where they allow you to order a burger medium rare.  Regardless of how you order it, though, I can't think of anything about this burger that i don't like.  Also, it's a big enough burger that you can probably share it with someone else, or take half of it home.  Be sure to order some sweet potato fries, a la cart.
2	I ordered the classic burger. The bun was over buttered and over toasted so that the first 1/4" of both the top and bottom buns had the consistency of a crouton and overall a bit dry. The meat was juicy, well cooked, but lacking a little in flavor. The chopped iceberg lettuce was wilted and had started browning, and did not bring the fresh crisp texture that makes this burger so great (usually). The side of fruit was not fresh and took away from the quality of the burger just by association. Ordered a basket of the classic french fries and the chocolate shake both of which were the stars of the meal. I have had this same meal here with satisfaction but this time we left disappointed. If the bun, lettuce, and fruit had been fresh our overall impression would have been positive. The tap beer selection and the fries will probably bring me back.
4	I went here last night with a party of 9.  I've been here several times before but this was the first time I got their private room.  If you want some extra room (they tend to really pack people in the main dining area) and if you want to make a reservation so you don't have to wait for a table (they don't take reservations); the private room is the way to go.  It seats about 10 people but the catch is that you have to spend at least $200 which normally isn't a problem if you go with more than a couple people.  The room itself is kinda cool but you can totally tell it is their office/conference room thingy.  They should really clear it out of all the office junk and make it more of a dining room thing.  It was pretty cool anyway.  Very private and quiet.The salads, burgers and fries were excellent as always.  The sweet potato fries were a bit raw/undercooked which pissed me off but I didn't say anything because I didn't want to complain.Our waiter was very friendly, quick and accommodating to our large party.
3	Interior lighting has been brightened, thus losing the cool-hip and dim feel that I craved so much from DELUX. Liquor menu is WAY OUT dated, staff made no effort to compensate. Prices have gone up. Service is consistently INCONSISTENT. There's a TON of places where you can get an $8 cocktail and $10 burger..
3	In fairness, I went back to Delux because I was with someone who wanted sweet potato fries and it was the most convenient place to go.  I figured I try to talk to a different manager.  The guy was actually very nice, and was nice again when I came in for dinner a month or so later.
4	Great food, great environment. Burgers are great but the FRIES and SHAKES rock the party that rock the body!!!We have been going there for about 9 months and have never been disappointed.
5	went to delux for a date today and had the best time, the environment was great, the service quick and helpful, and as always the food was the best in town,we ordered a burger and sweet potato fries with a flight of beers and it was the perfect meal to hold me over until dinner. Perfect place for an intimate date or a lunch meeting (seats both accommodations perfectly)
3	Delux, you are the Gayest of burger restaurants.  I say this because of the propensity for gay clientele to fill your swank space.  Also because the overwhelming desire to be trendy and coming across as trying to hard seems to fit as well.  That being said, I feel a little glitzier every time I step through your doors.  I am going to go with a Pro/Con for the rest of this review.Pro:-The fries are pretty darn good.  Smaller and thinner than many places.  I'd recommend getting half sweet potato and half regular.  They come in a shopping cart which is adorable.  Best part is the chipotle mayo that comes on the side.-The beer list is extensive and full of local brews.  Cons:-The menu is a little small and comes with only two types of burgers (three, if you count the turkey burger).-The Delux Burger is just ok.  I have had it three times now and each time I am satisfied, but never thrilled.  I find myself having to slather generous portions of the chipolte mayo on it to make it better.  For 10 bucks, this burger should be stellar and it just isn't.Like most of the burger places, it is better to come with many people so you can share the cost of the add on fries.  Delux certainly is worth going to, but I would rather go to Zinburger or Fez if I am craving beef.
2	If over priced small portion dishes are your thing, then this is the place for you!!!My review of this place 3-4 years ago, would have been 5 stars!But  the portions (the burger) has shrunk 25%, and price has gone up 25%!  The food quality has consistently been good!  But the way they've gone to increase their margins annoyed me & my friends to not go back! The place is always busy so I don't think ownership really cares they've lost me & several of my friends business!
5	Delux is one of these places that I can go to and guarantee that whatever I order on the menu will be fantastic! They don't have a large menu, but everything, including the service, is great. Most recently I ordered the hot dog. Its 1/4 pound of tastiness. I ordered with onion, the spicy beaver mustard (I had no idea what it was, I mainly ordered it because the name made me giggle) and jalepenos. It was so good!! So, so good!With the exception of the fish sandwich (which is also nothing less than incredible) everything on the menu under $10. You do have to order the fries ala carte (with the exception of the hot dog which comes with a half order of fries). If you order the fries, a half size order is perfect or get a full sized mixed cart of fries to share with the table.
4	The original hoity toity burger place.  Smallish portions but the burger is so good!  Quality protein done well.  Good french fries (you can do a mix with sweet potato if you like).  Shakes are thick and good.  I know that folks aren't happy with the smaller portions, but maybe it's a blessing in disguise with our ever expanding girths :)  Still a great place to come to and they are consistently open late!  A huge plus in Phoenix.  Still hugely busy and sometimes hard to get a table if you are with a huge group.
4	This is my favorite burger joint as Delux has the best burgers for taste.  I've never had a problem with the food here, only thing I find strange at times is sometimes the wait staff has a bit of an attitude, which is funny considering it's a burger place.  I know it's in the Biltmore-arcadia area but la de da.  This last visit was funny as I saw some parents bring a bunch of children here.  This does not seem like the type of place to bring your child, totally odd, but whatever rocks your boat.
4	Delux is brilliant in its simplicity: great gourmet burgers and lots of beer in a posh/trendy atmosphere. The fish sandwich is worthy of 5-stars, and the selection of craft beer on tap is quite impressive. Great spot for a date, the bathrooms are pretty sweet too.
3	This place seems to convince oneself that burgers are not only OK to eat but somehow cool, too.  The ability to eat here late is a plus.  Although the place is super lil, I have never waited very long for a seat....the burgers, beers, fries, and milkshakes are all 5 stars and the inside ambiance with the nifty lighting, furniture, plus shared restroom sink is also super hip.....BUT it's in a strip mall and strip it down, it is a burger joint.  A must for flamboyant burger and beer peeps.  I have been a number of times because of the late food service and will be back again for the fries and sauce.
4	Going with the 4 stars on this one.  We've been there 3 times... the first two times the burgers were off the charts good. Love the beef there... just on another level.  We did have an off night... burgers were a little dry... so... knocked the review down a star.  the sweet potato fries are great! Burgers are very flavorful and just all around great.  Drop in and give this place a try.  It's not very big... I would suggest you go during the week and avoid it on the weekends or Friday night. Very busy!  But... just go... if you like a really good burger... this is the place to go.
3	Best sweet potato fries in town! We went on a busy Friday night & got right in at the bar! Chinese chicken salad was good & not soaked in sauce but would prefer all white chicken meat.  Not a lot of options for non red meat, carb eaters but environment is worth it! It's tempting to splurge for a hamburger!
4	Delux is by far one of the best beer and burger spots in the valley. I recommend getting a classic with double applewood smoked bacon and cheddar. Add a mini-shopping cart filled with sweet potato and regular fries and you have the perfect cure for previous evening overindulgences! As an added bonus, Delux is currently featuring Lagunitas Brown Shugga' on tap, which is an amazing american strong ale.
5	Great place, I love the delux burger and the Chicken Chinese salad!!! The people and service are great too.
3	I like Delux. The burgers are good, no doubt, but my absolute favorite there are the sweet potato fries. I hear the salads are not bad either but regardless of any good intentions of trying something new the next time I go I cannot get away from the old staples. As far as ambiance, I find the inside a bit loud and the patio basically has views of the parking lot. But again, overall not bad.
3	The food is good, no complaints there. The service however, seems to be slipping lately.Brad is awesome (I'm bad with names so I am only 97.4% sure that's really his name) and has helped me a few times and was great and always talks to me when I come back even when he hasn't been our server (why I don't ask to be seated in his section, I do not know).One of the assistant managers is also great and very friendly and personable.It's everyone else there that seems to be the issue. One female server was nice just not personable at all. One male server was just kind of lame.It's the last one that I really had an issue with. Not friendly, not personable.I went there at around 10:30pm with a friend of mine. We split the caprese salad and she ordered a half basket of sweet potato fries. I had a beer and hotdog and then we split a milkshake. He brought my friend a mixed basket of fries. She was ok with that so we didn't say anything. Later in the meal he came back and left the bill and we had to flag him down to ask for dessert. He brought it  and left the bill again. My friend and I were going dutch and each paid with separate credit cards. After putting the cards in the bill...thing (is there a more technical term for it?) he quickly walked by picked it up didn't say anything to us or come to ask how we wanted it split, he just split it 50/50. That was really annoying! I mean more so for my friend than me since my portion was much more expensive than hers.I still give it 3 stars though. If they can kick the service back up to where it used to be, they'll get 5 stars again in no time!
2	I was pretty excited to go to Delux, and had been meaning to try it for some time, but I finally got around to it this last weekend.  I'd heard how great their burgers were and that if you wanted to spend a little more than the average to get a fantastic burger, that was the place to go.  So, off we went to give it a shot.  We got there at around 6 or 6:30 on Saturday and the place was pretty busy, although there was no wait.  We were seated at the tables along the west wall.  Talk about an awkward entry onto the booth side.  The tables are so close together, there's no graceful in or out.   To the table next to me... I'm so sorry I invaded your space.  Some other reviewers have said it was loud, boy were they right.  It was quite noisy and crowded, even the servers had trouble getting around the people & I did hear 1 tray of dishes hit the ground.  On to the ordering... 1/2 the menu is drinks.  From beers to wines, they have you covered & I appreciated the options.  Food menu is small to average, but a decent selection of items. My boyfriend & I opted to both go for the Delux Burger.  Can't go wrong with the namesake, right?  High quality beef with arugula and a blend of cheeses, onions, and bacon.  mmmmm ... bacon.  As we waited anxiously for the tasty treats, I got nervous. I heard the woman next to me say, "I seem to be missing my bacon".  I saw her pull her burger apart, searching, and no bacon.  I was hoping it was a one time oversight and that my burger would come with bacon, as promised.  Not so.  Both my boyfriend and I were lacking our bacon.  Our server was just attentive enough to not be MIA, but if I'd waited for him to come back so that I could point out my lack of yummy pork product, I'd have been sitting another 15 minutes with food in front of me that, although lacking a bit, was fairly tasty.  This brings me to the fries.  Everyone keeps posting how fantastic the sweet potato fries were.  Um, yeah, average at best.  We got the 1/2 and 1/2 basket and both types were limp and bland.  They were only cooked to the point of being 'just done'.  No crispiness.  It made me sad.  Oh, and I have to throw this in, when asked if we wanted desert, we politely declined & said we were all set.  Apparently, that is server code for, "No more fries for you!".  Yup, he snatched up that basket of fries without asking if we were done. All in all, I didn't hate it, but wow, I sure was hoping for something better.  You know, that gem of a place that you get a craving for.  Maybe it's like that blockbuster movie that you've heard so many good things about, you can't wait to see it, but it's been so built up that it winds up being a let down.  I'm not sure if it was an off night, but I'm also not sure I'll go back.
3	Headline: Nothing SpecialThe headline pretty much sums up my visit. Neither the food, the service, nor the location were anything special.I had the delux burger, which on paper should be a real winner. Unfortunately it turned out to be a big pile of *meh*.. Same with the fries.The beer selection is decent with a few local brews that I haven't seen elsewhere.I wouldn't mind giving it another try if I'm in the area again, but it seems like there are some better options pretty close by.
5	Amare Stoudemire used to eat here when he was playing for the Suns; you may disagree with his move to the Knicks, but you should trust his judgement in burgers. The Delux signature burger is pretty awesome, but I'm going to be real: I like the grilled cheese or the hot dog much better than the burgers. Even better than either of these are the sweet potato fries with aeoli sauce!The service is fantastic! The waiters are some of the nicest I've ever met. Try to get Brad if you can!Delux is open late, so it is the best place to go for food after a long night at the bars or clubs!
5	Talk about one of the best burgers in town...in fact i think houstons and this place have the best burgers in phoenix!!!! I took one bite and i was in heaven...it was a whole new take on a burger but not too crazy!! I love the fries especially when you mix the sweet potato fries with the regular ones OMG!!!  I like to dip them in ranch but you can select what you want to.dip them in...i have to thank.my sister for this place she introduced me!!! Its a great place to.go for lunch and dinner but it.is not very big so you may have to wait but its worth it!!! Its a fun place do not miss it...
4	I've been to this place a couple of times and each time I've gotten great service from the staff. I'm not sure how they choose their people but they are always friendly and attentive.Most of the food is pretty good. Their signature burger is good but needs a little ketchup. I've also had the Grilled Chicken Panini which was ok but not great. It just seemed a little bland. The bread that they use is always really good. I love their sweet potato fries and would get it all the time if it wasn't for my expanding waistline. The best thing I've had their is their Chinese Chicken Salad. The serving size is a little ridiculous because it really is made for two people but it comes in one giant serving bowl. Despite the size, it really is delicious. It has the right amount of tang from the dressing and savoriness from the chicken that makes this carnivore skip the burgers and order the salad.The one drawback about this place is that it's really small. The outdoor patio area is much more comfortable in terms of elbow space but you're sitting on cheap plastic chairs. Inside you'll be lucky if you're not elbow to elbow with the patron next to you.Love going to this place when the temperature is nice outside and having a convenient low-key dinner, a middle ground between fast food and fancy restaurant.
5	Absolutely love these burgers. Maybe my favorite burger of all time.  The first time I went I had the regular burger.  It was good, but wasn't blown away.  Then...I tried the Delux Burger.  Wow.  I'm talkin', "Holy Shit Wow!"  It's that good.  (Ok, so I used that expression in a previous review, but it applies here as well) The meat is so fresh and so good.  The bun is great. The baby arugla is a nice touch, making it stand out from all other burgers.  Here's how the menu describes their burger..."fresh ground, all natural, grain fed certified premium beef, maytag bleu cheese and gruyere cheese blend, caramelized onion with applewood smoked bacon mixture and baby arugula served on a hand crafted toasted demi-baguette. [lettuce wrap available]"They recommend the burger prepared medium-rare and I agree.  Gotta try the fries with the aioli sauce.  I suggest dipping the burger in the aioli too!  I am starting to crave one now just writing this.
5	Delux is great - lots of good beers on tap.  also a bunch of vegetarian options - grilled cheese is great as is the caprese sandwich.  we usually sit at the bar which is good.  they have a great patio even though it overlooks a parking lot.  inside seating is not for me - it's like long picnic benches where if its crowded you are right next to strangers.   something i hate.  great atmosphere and a smallish tv which usually has sports on it.
3	Delux sounded really good, so I decided to grab a burger for an early lunch.  I had heard from others that it was really good.   The service was excellent and for that alone, I give Delux 5 stars however..I ordered a cup of coffee $2.50,  a half order of sweet potato and regular fries $3.5 and the delux burger with bacon and avocado $10.90 (typo in the menu it said $9.90) and $1.50 for the bacon and avocado. It was over $21, crazy!  The bill was high for what I got I think , compared to other restaurants, definitely not worth it.   Fries, awesome, in the top 5 for best sweet potato fries but not the best in town, sorry, I do have my favorites!  The burger was not a tasty as I imagined it to be.  Yes, it was fresh, but it wasn't that tasty even with the extra bacon and avocado, and usually I devour burgers if they are good regardless of the size, this one I didn't. Delux has a wonderful outside venue and is a great place to hang with friends and maybe share a burger and fries, but I wasn't blown away as I thought I would be.  I gave the restaurant a 3 because of pricing and just the taste of the burger, it wasn't that great.
4	I was on a burger kick and the word on the street was this place was it... Sat down at the bar and was blown back by the beer on draft it was stellar... Was greeted by Kristina with a smile and asked what we wanted to drink I had to have a sleepy Dog - Red Rover ... And some more chatting with Kristina helped me pick a beer flight I looked over the menu... I went with the Delux Burger (Blend of premium all natural ground beef topped with maytag and gruyere cheese, organic arugula and caramelized onion and apple wood bacon mixture all on top a toasted bemi-bagueette.  Plus an order of Half combination (sweet and French fries) The burger was really good and the fries as well it was funny the fries come in a little shopping cart made me laugh... This place is a really cool hip place really friendly staff and great craft beer selection will be back for sure.
3	It was a burger kind of night, and we searched high and low on Yelp for "Best Burger" and found this place. Based on reviews, we decided to give it a shot.It was a bit of a gamble considering we drove in from Scottsdale, but it was pretty good.The vibe is pretty hip and swanky inside, with lighted up tables in the center row, but we opted to sit outside in the misted patio. Our server took our order for beer. Here is where things kind of went a bit south.This place has a pretty extensive craft beer selection, with a strong selection of seasonal beers. Our server had NO idea what seasonals were on tap, and had no idea how to describe them once he figured out the list. My tip? Print out a list of seasonal beers and put them on the table. On the plus side, they offer beer flights for all of their beers, so you can mix and match everything. Awesome sauce. We shared a turkey burger and the chinese chopped chicken salad. Both were good. The turkey burger was moist and flavorful. Perhaps had a bit too much garlic. The salad was very good, and the portions were very good.Overall, this was a decent place. I'd maybe give it another shot. There wasn't any huge red flags that said, "Dave...don't come back." BUT, there wasn't anything that said, "OMFG, Dave...you HAVE to come back next week and bring all of your friends."Final grade. 3 stars. Solid B.
3	Interesting concept for a burger joint.  I was expecting to wait to eat at such a trendy-looking restaurant, but we were seated immediately at our choice of patio or inside.  We opted for the patio. The waiter seemed distracted and didn't know much about the expansive beer list.  If you pride yourself on beer (Delux has over 40), you best know your shit. We ordered a beer flight, with our choice of three--this satiated my indecisiveness when it comes to ordering...The menu was limited.  I was expecting many more creative burgers than the five or six listed (only two of which were actual beef burgers).  I guess if you do the burger right, you don't need many to choose from.  My dining companion and I split the chopped Asian salad and the turkey burger.  The salad was very tasty and was enough for two large helpings for each of us (and then some).  I'm always hesitant to order a turkey burger for fear of crumbly, dry meat.  We took a chance and it came out moist and flavorful.  The burger arrived cut into halves, which made divvying it up easy.  Plus, it came with non-fat cilantro aioli and pico de gallo (I love my sauces!).  We were happy campers.  The setup of the patio is awkward. There is no flow whatsoever.  Our waiter slammed an opposing chair into my knee, and I felt like I had to crawl over people sitting at surrounding tables just to get to the bathroom.  Also interesting was the communal sink outside of the restrooms.  It's a restaurant...not a club. I'm curious to try other items.  I'll be back, but it's not the first thing on my list.
2	First off, if you're a meat eater who appreciates a great burger, this is definitely a good place for you.  My boyfriend dreams about the burger with the bacon and the cheese.  So, 5 stars for the burgers.But...  if you don't eat meat, there's nothing here for you.  And I've been about 4 times, I want to like them!  But, ick.  Their veggie sandwich is pretty much just mozzarella on bread.  And their fish sandwich is really weak.  There's just absolutely nothing memorable (except for the funny aftertaste) or interesting about it.  The fish is supposed to be marinated in some kind of citrus vinaigrette, but it's quite tasteless.  None of the salads have ever seemed appealing, so I haven't tried them.  I really wish they had a veggie burger, because I bet it would be quite yummy.  And their fries are okay, but they're skinny - and very fried.  But the sauces they come with are tasty.  They also have a great selection of beers.
4	Why did it take me so long to come here??  I've heard about Delux since it opened and finally made it here.  I quickly browsed over the menu and saw they have a "Delux Burger."  Namesake = Order.  So I did.  Along with a half order of half fries and half sweet potato fries.I make some of the best decisions ever made.  The fries are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  They are on the skinnier side of the fry spectrum, but not the skinniest I've had.  I love crispy fries.  These were the best, I said it, BEST sweet potato fries I've ever consumed.Onto the burger... I ordered mine medium but would have preferred medium well.  It was a bit pinker than I'm used to for medium.  It was delicious, nonetheless.  I'm not a big fan of arugula, but could hardly taste it because the flavors from the cheese, beef, bacon, and onions.  It was definitely a gourmet burger.  They offered tasting flights of beer that we had to talk ourselves out of since we were having lunch during a work day.  I can't wait to go back and be able to enjoy a beer with a burger.  Yum!!
4	CONS: the crowd - it can get really busy so I try to go right at 11 on Saturdays, but never on a Friday! The parking can also be a b!tch. The seating is cozy and tight, so if you're not ready to make friends with your neighbor this place is not for you.PROS: GREAT food! My favorites include the Delux burger( but don';t let the bacon in the description fool you...its just a miniscule amount, if you want bacon on your burger order it extra), sweet potato fries (the best!), the homemade root bear, the shakes, the chinese chicken salad and the beet salad.
5	Delux burger are fabulous. The sweet potato fries are addicting and the beer puts it over the top. I often do not give five stars but this place has it all. Good service, Great Food, Outstanding Beer selection. You really can't go wrong. It is true it does get crowd but it is worth the wait and everyone know it. My recommendation is to go late night after the bar and have another drink with a great burger and fries.
4	You can get an affordable lunch there for $20. The standard cheeseburger is delicious $10, half order of regular fries $3, their custom root beer $2 (it is good but no refills on this drink), tax and tip will allow ya to get outa there for $20. Their "medium" is cooked to a true medium--well done dries out their burgersl...
4	I have been here a handful of times and they have never disappointed.  The burgers are consistently top notch and the french fries are crispy and delicious.  I love the dipping sauces as well.  Even though I only eat the burgers when we go here, other guest in our party have enjoyed the salads and the turkey burgers.  The only downer with this place is the wait times and it tries to be too swanky.  However, it doesn't keep me from coming back.
3	I ordered the traditional burger, with swiss cheese, cooked medium rare, with a side of mayo along with a half and half fry. My friend ordered an artichoke cream soup (options change daily). Her soup came first. It was delicious. Had it not been about 110 degrees outside I might have been more inclined to devour it.The burger had a cute stick in it that made note of the temperature at which I had requested my burger arrive. All of the extras were on the side, pickes, onions, tomatoes, and shredded lettuce (as a side-note, I LOATHE shredded lettuce, I think it is the bane of all greenery). The side of mayo was just enough. I immediately cut my burger in half, and it was cooked to as I had asked. It was juicy, the bun was nice and definately MADE the burger (more so than the patty combination that is expounded upon so much in their description that I couldn't even manage to understand if it might come with a side of gold bullion, bc it seemed to be THAT). The fries were a combination of shoestring-cut sweet potato and average potato, served in a cute little metal shopping cart, low grease and cooked nicely. They came with a dish that had ketchup on one side and what seemed to be a mayo/chipotle combination on the other.I took a peanut butter shake to go. It was good, but I could get the same at Sonic. At this establishment you are definitely paying for the fluff-factor, a ten dollar burger tastes like a five dollar burger but comes with five dollars worth of accessories (temperature stick, shopping cart caddy, etc). There is a lot more on the menu, so if you want to impress someone with a ten dollar burger go for it, try the soup though (it's only five dollars and a little more mouth-watering),
1	The only redeeming quality of this place is that they serve Papago Orange Blossom Wheat Beer.I went here with my boyfriend, expecting something delicious. We had both heard good reviews, and are both burger fans so we were excited to see what Delux had to offer. Their menu was very limited in the burger region, with only two to choose from and no option to "build your own burger" like many burger places have. In addition, their burgers and other menu items are very over priced in my opinion. This restaurant takes pride in serving fresh ingredients. This may be true, but my boyfriend and I both left feeling less than fresh. We were both nauseous, and the food resulted in me nearly throwing up a handfull of times. We ordered two delux burgers; mine was served well done and his was served medium-well. Each burger came with a small side of fresh fruit. We also ordered the half and half fries. I was not impressed by the burger, and thought it was too sweet. I only ate half of mine. After battling through hours of nausea, I called to speak with the manager. She refused to acknowledge that her establishment was the cause of our nausea and sickness. She told us to "further investigate" what he had consumed prior to eating there (but this was the first time we had hung out in 2 days due to complicated schedules- so it was the only meal we had shared). She kept saying to "further investigate" what could have made us sick, when we were both certain that it had been the food from Delux. The way that she handled the situation was less than professional, to the point of being insulting. She kept saying that they get their ingredients fresh daily, implying that since their ingredients were fresh, they couldn't have made us sick- which is absurd because there could have been one thing in there that was handled wrong or cooked incorrectly. Then she told me that she would "further investigate" with her head chef, and said she would call me back. She called me back less than 5 minutes later, which convinced me that she obviously didn't care and probably didn't check with the chef. Personally, if I were the manager, I would have apologized for us not feeling well and I would have invited us to come in again, on the house, to try the restaurant again. Instead of handling it like this, she infuriated me beyond belief. The only reason I would ever go back would be to get the beer again, but I definitely wouldn't eat their food.
5	The staff rocks, as do the hours, as does the food. Even as a vegetarian, I  love hitting up Deluxe late night and grabbing a grilled cheese, fries, and a shake. They only have a few veg options, but they taste fabulous. Love this spot.
5	Good atmosphere, all natural beef, great salads, nice staff... And an excellent beer selection!
5	Best burgers in Phoenix.  The soups are great also.
2	I arrived before my friend, so the hostess was going to seat me while I waited.  I looked around and my first impression was that it was very modern decor, very trendy.  The tables to the left were along one long booth bench, then had a chair across from it.  There was a long table in the center with BOLTED stools along it, and then there was the bar.  The only table left was next to a couple with two very loud toddlers, and since the tables were so close together, we'd be almost sitting on top of each other, I opted for the long center table.  After sitting there for about two minutes, I was looking for somewhere else to sit.  VERY uncomfortable.  When I friend arrived, she sat there for an even shorter amount of time and said the same thing .... we have to sit somewhere else.  There happen to be a table open (a few down from the toddlers) so we opted to sit there.  Again, the tables were soooo close together, that we had to move the table over so that she could get through to sit down!  Now for the food ...  we happen to order the same thing, the Cool Caprese Panini.  As other reviewers have said, if you want any sides, they are all extra.  Since the panini was already almost $10, we opted for no sides.  The panini was very good, fresh mozzarella, tomatoes, basil and some kind of herb paste (I think).  The warm grilled roll was also very good.  It came with a small container of vinegar/oil, and two separate cups with salt and pepper.    It came with some fruit, about 5 small pieces to be exact.  If I were really hungry, I probably would have hit the vending machine when I got back to work.Forgot to mention, it was FREEZING in there.  We sat close to the door, and it actually felt good when someone opened the door to let the 105 degree air in.So, if you not very hungry, don't mind over paying for what you get, and don't care if you are comfortable while you are eating, you might enjoy this place.
4	I have a burger maybe every 4 months, so when I eat one I want it to be perfect. Delux definitely delivers to my needs. The Delux Burger is by far one of the most delicious burgers I have ever had. Within the 4 month stretch, I usually eat the vegetable panini which is also never a let down. My most perfect meal would be the vegetable panini with an order of sweet potato fries (I have finally learned not to get the mixed basket since the normal fries always disappoint). It is enough to split with someone. Dipping the panini in the special sauce makes it all the better. The food is always good in my experience, but when I go I usually choose to eat outside since inside is so dark and you can't really get up to go to the bathroom without knocking something off someone's table or putting your a** in their face. But if you're in to that closeness, darkness, hip, loud, can't see your food thing then you'll be fine. Delux is a great place to go on a Sunday night at midnight since it really is the only place open in the area. Thank God for that.
3	If I was rating this purely on burger love I would def give four stars. Since I have to factor in service, Delux remains at a low 3. As with most things, at first it was great but it seems with every visit it gets worse. Last time, I actually called to complain. Too long a short story to get in to but just disappointing. Now on to the burgers - juicy, cooked to perfection, flecked with blue cheese, spicy arugula, on a crisp bun! mmmmmmmMaybe next time I will just order take out?
5	Delux is a real boon to the Biltmore/Arcadia area and is probably one of the few good restaurants open in Phoenix until to 2 AM. The place does fill up fast, so I prefer to go there on off-hours, especially during the reverse happy hour. The bartenders are very friendly.The burgers are large and tasty. The fries are some of the best I have ever had. The bar is well-stocked with a large variety of beers, wines, and spirits. I tried a hot dog at Delux once and thought it was good, but I suggest sticking with the burger and fries.
5	Ok so I'm a burger whore...been to a lot of places in the valley and this is my favorite so far. Bobby the manager is amazing! Has been known to give free cookies late at night and water while I'm waiting to get food for pick up. This place knows how to handle their customers. The best for my money for sure.
4	Went here for a team lunch after some of us saw it on CheckPlease AZ (PBA Show)  It looked really good so we gave it a shot.  I had the Original Cheese Burger cooked medium rare and it was cooked perfect.  It was very juicy and had amazing flavor.  I also had a half mixed order of french fries and sweet potato fries.  All was very good but when I go back I will probably just to the sweet potato fries instead of the mix.  I felt very full after and had to make sure to eat a very small dinner to compensate.
5	Delux is always really good, fresh, and it's a clean place too! I love the beet salad with chicken added. It's delish! My man digs the burgers and we both scarf the sweet potato fries. Love their dipping sauce that comes next to the ketchup, Ah-mazing!
1	Mc Donalds with a high price tag, enough said.
4	AWESOME! I would elaborate further but I'm mowing down a killer Delux burger..... yum!
5	A great burger and a great atmosphere.   The prices are a bit high, but high rent area, yet the food is great.  Get there early.  The noon crowd can make things busy.
4	I got the Delux Burger and it was really good! The carmelized onions, feta/gruyere cheese, and arugula went really well with it! They actually recommend that you get your burger cooked medium-rare, which was perfectly fine with me since that's how I like my steak cooked. The ground beef was really high quality, too, so I definitely see why they recommend you order it that way. The only thing was that the bottom bun got crazy soggy. I ended up just getting rid of it all together. I love sweet potato fries and love how you can choose to order them mixed with regular potato fries, which is what I did. To be honest, the fries really weren't THAT amazing, but they were also only $3. Oh yeah, you also have to buy the fries separately. This isn't a place for penny pinchers, but it's also not super expensive considering the quality of the burger you are getting. No, it's not a spot to go to all the time, but if you're looking to get out and try a good quality burger, definitely go for it. I'd say it's worth it!
3	I visit Delux about every 2 months.  Their beer selection, shopping cart fries, outdoor patio and bathroom decor, make this a must-visit destination for a great burger.  Occasionally, there is a long wait, poor service or even mediocre cuisine.  We are taking about a burger joint in a plaza though.  It isn't fine dining and never attempts to be so.  Plan accordingly and you will enjoy a great meal here.
5	I created a Yelp account to give this review to Delux. I consider myself a regular as I frequent here about once a week, and I live about 45 minutes away. This is a testament to how wonderful the establishment is. I don't really do reviews but I'll give it a go anyhow.Food: Top notch. My favorite place to eat hands down. Get the Delux burger. It is 10/10. Read the other reviews for sexy adjectives on what is included with the burger. Sweet potato fries...Christ in heaven I love them. I will not eat them from anywhere else anymore, they simply don't measure up to the ones served here! Their shakes are out of this world, Haagen-Daaz I believe. I have recently started branching out from just the Delux burger. I rarely go alone and with friends I will order the grilled vegetable panini - OMG! Thunderstorm of flavors in your mouth, just fantastic! From what I see and hear they have quite a large variety of beers on tap - one I am eager to try is the Papago Orange Blossom, looks ace.Atmosphere: For me, it is wonderful. Small, intimate yet loud, great vibe, chill music, all around fun. Almost club/lounge-esque. Service: One of the reasons I come so frequently. I have had three stand out servers here that I LOVE. First, I believe her name was Stacy. She was in training when she waited on me, and gave me the best service I have ever received at any restaurant. Second, Alejandro. Very nice kid and down to earth, no bs-ing or fake smiling for a tip. Talks to you like a fellow human not paycheck. Third, I believe her name is Amanda. Funny, alert, observative. Never had bad service here from what I can remember, but these waiters/waitresses stand out in particular.10/10, my favorite place bar none.
4	sweet spot posh place decent food late night treat....fun
2	Well another popular place I don't get. The food is alright. The place is way cramped. My best way to describe it is In-N-Out that serves sweet potato fries and you get to pay triple for it!. If you have read my review of In-N-Out then you already know that it's not a complement.
5	"Ode to the salad"Two words: In-vogue. Delectable burgers, Exceptional Salad... When you think Burger, the first thing that comes to mind is a hands-on, unpolished, All-American type of fare. Delux is the sheik fashionista of the burger world. Excellent brew selection: "beer flights" are amazing. You can't go wrong with a Delux Burger, but that isn't what keeps me coming back folks. Are you ready for this? SALAD. That's right, salad. You're probably thinking, "Wow this guy gets a salad at a burger joint" but I ensure you, The DELUX CHINESE CHICKEN SALAD will change your life. It reduced me to a confused, pathetic, blubbering oaf for days, maybe weeks until I returned for another. If you must have a burger, PLEASE, do yourself a favor and get the Chinese chicken salad on the side (but be warned, its siren call can tame the most pompous of meat loving men.)And remember to get a basket of "MIXED FRIES", that way; you can try both the sweet potato and regular. Together, they're an unstoppable force of dynamic excellence.One of my favorite late night dinner stops.Eat well, Live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do. - Cheers
3	Decided to stop in here, after a craving for a nice pink burger set in.  I opted for the Delux Burger.  The meat was excellent, along with the bread, but the toppings were subpar.  The applewood smoked bacon was barely detectable, and there was a big glob of caramelized onions masking any flavor that would have otherwise been noticed.  It left the burger tasting a little too bland.  They should consider cutting the onions in half, and maybe adding some pesto or something in addition to the aragula to give it a little contrast.I particularly appreciated the fact that they had Sonoran Root Beer on tap.  In a more negative vein, the food took forever, and the price for a burger, fries, and root beer was almost $20.  Definitely not a good value.It's worth stopping by if you're in the area and you want a burger, but you don't need to go out of your way for this.  It's somewhat overhyped.
4	Got the Delux Burger cooked medium.  They say it's best medium rare, but my medium burger was plenty bloody.  The bread was excellent and the meat was delectable.  Mixed fries where delicious.  Nice shopping cart!!
5	I always enjoy visiting Delux. Their turkey burgers are the best, haven't tried anything else because I can't get past them. They have my favorite beers on tap, Abita Purple Haze, Papago Orange Blossom, and Rogue Hazelnut. The servers are always attentive and they are open late.
4	So the BF and I had gone here about 5-6 years ago and were not fans... but we finally tried it again tonight and have been converted! I love that they are open late....especially when i don't get home until 8:30.... We both got the classic burger and I got mine with caramelized onions. It's a good burger. It's meaty, the tomato is fresh, the pickles are tasty... pretty much everything you want in a burger. We also got a half order of mixed fries.... also delicious. The sweet potato fries were awesome because, unlike most sweet potato fries, the flavor of sweet potato was preserved in the fries. We finished with the red velvet cake which was very tasty... subtle, but a good cream cheesy flavor. So why only 4 stars? I think for the money, the burgers should come with fries. Also, I wish they offered different sized burgers, cuz I could definitely do with about half of the meat I had. Still.... go here! It's good!
4	Love the sweet potato fries!! And serving it in a mini-sized grocery cart makes the whole dining experience fun! Then it comes to the burger, my medium cooked juicy classic delux with applewood bacon and jack cheese, so so good!!
2	I thought I was really in for one of the best burgers of my life due to my fellow Yelpers' reviews but was sort of disappointed.  I did like the fries in the shopping cart, that was pretty creative, but they weren't anything special.  Same way I felt about the Delux burger.  The meat was dry and the condiments were lacking which made it worse.  I thiknk the bun was the best part.  I did do a cool beer flight which was nice.  The atmosphere is pretty neat here but I probably won't visit again if I'm in the area.
3	Same deal as zenburger good hamburger but you have to have a deep wallet. Prefer full course meal for that price. Sorry. In and sorry fries are fries nothing too exciting.
4	Delicious food, a little expensive.
5	5/5 for me!  What a great burger place.  My husband found this place online and because of the great reviews, we decided to try it out during a trip out to Phoenix.  We were definitely not disappointed.  The portions were generous and well worth it.  It definitely is a little pricey for burgers and fries (we probably paid about $35 for 2 people)  But if you want quality, go to Delux!  Our waiter was one of the best servers we have had in awhile.  He was on top of things and very friendly.  We never had to ask for drink refills or condiments, he was always 2 steps ahead of us.  The ambiance was very inviting as well.  And the best part?  ITS OPEN LATE!
5	Open until 2AM!!Phoenix for some reason is lacking on late night dining. This is why I give Delux gets five stars. The food amazing and ambiance up-to-date, open until 2AM seven day a week.
5	This is the best burger place I've ever been to. There is no competition. There is only Delux. Accept Delux. Delux will be thy savior.
2	If it wasn't for the cute shopping cart of fries, they'd get a one star. Went in an hour after they opened today so it wasn't busy at all. All the servers and host were standing around looking bored out of their mind. My server was nowhere to be found so I waved down a server that was standing right next to me with nothing to do, he shook his head at me and replied "I'm not your server," and went back to staring at the damn ceiling before asking if he could help me with anything. I couldn't read his name tag but I think his name was Ali or ali-something. Finally my server showed up after a few minutes and took my order. If it wasn't for my friend wanting to try this "popular" place, I would had walked out of there. Overall, service was below a one star.As for the food, I got the delux burger since it was their popular item with an order of sweet potato fries. I ordered the burger medium well and it came out way over cooked. It was extremely bland, I had to add a lot of salt and pepper just to finish half of the burger. Oh, the BACON was nowhere to be found in my burger. Over $10 for this dinky tasteless burger? I rather go to in-n-out. The fries was okay since the sauce was good. My friend got the chicken panini sandwich, which she said was nothing special. With that price, you could've gotten much better for less elsewhere.Overall, we're never coming back.
4	Please don't use Jamie C's review as a deciding factor as she has also rated Jack in the Box with 4 stars.  No wonder you had to add salt to your burger.  And gross.  Anyway, I've only had great experiences here especially when I get off of work starving and this place is the only restaurant in the area smart enough to stay open late.  Service has always been friendly...then again, I know how to be respectful and not wave my hands in the air like a total douche.  See you guys soon!
4	Very good burger, very good fries. Fun atmosphere. Tables are way too close together, but otherwise we enjoyed it.
2	I used to love it here. For years it was the best burger in town. But, I have to say the last couple times we've been here I've been really disappointed. The burger is BLAND now. I have to take this place off the list, too bad. Houston's/Hillstone burger has never disappointed, so we'll be going there from now on.
2	OK, drove all the way from Gilbert to Camelback because the Phoenix Magazine rated Delux as one of the best burgers in the Valley. Two burgers, one mixed fries, one lemonade, one Diet Coke and tip came to $39. Fries were very good but because of the poor service it's hard to say how good our cold burgers were. Susan had to ask one of the other servers where our order was because we didn't see our waiter... everyone around us was getting served and they ordered after us. Too bad, we probably won't go back because of the service. I'm sure if they could make all the pieces fit together the place would be great. Just don't want to pay almost $40 for a couple burgers and take that chance again. We'll go to Burger King or McDonald's where we know what to expect.
5	We absolutely love Delux - especially the sweet potato fries and the Delux Burger.  It's not uncommon for us to compare other places to what Delux offers.  We enjoy sitting at the bar, ordering a basket of the sweet potato fries and splitting a Delux Burger (cooked medium).  We also order more of the southwestern-style sauce (I always forget the name of it though).   Add a Sunbru beer or wine flight and 'heaven'!   :)
2	Delux is very over-rated and over-priced. The burgers were not "top quality" as the Phoenix Magazine recently illustrated. Despite the friendly wait staff, I would not recommend.
5	Two words, CHICKEN PANINI!!!!Actually, I'd like to add the mixed basket of fries. The burger is great too but I always default to the panini. I have never had anything like it. Its fantastic. The atmosphere is pretty cool and the staff are friendly. Its open until 2am so its always a great place to go for late night eats. Definitely go here, you wont regret it.
2	After a long awaited trip to Delux I was soooo disappointed.  Had only read great reviews about the wonderful burgers....well maybe they are but not on my visit.  Terrible service.  Cold burger (my melted cheese had hardened), soggy bun.  Don't think we will return anytime soon if at all.
4	Delux is the perfect place if you are looking for a good classic burger and a cart full of fries (I like the sweet potato). The ambience isn't my favorite, the tables are jammed packed inside. It's worth eating 4 inches from your neighbor at this place though! The burger: Great seasoned beef patty with fresh vegetables sandwiched between the perfect bun! I am a big fan of the med rare. There is so much flavor in this burger.Cart of Fries: I like to do the combo, reg and sweet potato, with the aioli sauce. Yum!! This would be in my top 3 places to go for a burger and fries. I would advise getting the turkey burger at Keegans. Delux's seems a little dry.
5	DELUUUUXXX! Is my absolute favorite burger!!! Anytime I want a burger i dont even hesitate its gonna be Delux! The first time I went to Delux it was with my mom  and her girlfriends we had a huge group of 12 women. Our waiter was such a delight he knew all of the beers on tap and knew his wine very well. I got the pear cider (delicious!) When it came down to ordering he told us if we haven't eaten there before then we have to get the burger me./well so we all did just that. And of course we got the fries (you can get the fries mixed with sweet potatoe and russet) i highly recommend getting the mixed fries. And OMG you have to ask for extra sauce that comes with the fries because its not only good with the fries its superior on you burger.That burger is gourmet and freaking amazing it seriously melts in  you mouth! There is a reason why they only put lettuce on this master piece. You can taste the perfect of the meat the and the gooey deliciousness of guryer and blue cheese. For the price of everything its not even expensive!My mother and i loved this place so much we went back the next day!
5	i love this place one of the best burgers ive had at least while living in arizona great beers and open till 2 am holy @*$& a restaurant that doesn't close at 9 pm thank you lord
5	Best. Burger. That. I. Have. Ever. Put. In. My. Mouth. In. My. Adult. Life.
4	Cute, modern looking place to grab a burger and a beer (they had a good selection on tap) with friendly service.Ordered the Delux Burger (topped with cheese, arugala, onion, bacon on a baguette) & Delux Turkey Burger (topped with avocado, pico de gallo & garlic cilantro aioli). Both burgers were really good - not quite Shake Shack/Burger Joint level for any New Yorkers reading this... but still really good! We also ordered a side of the mixed basket of sweet potato fries & regular fries which were nothing worth noting. The dipping sauces were really good though! Washed all that down with a Four Peaks draft.
4	Yummy sushi, salads, and soup. One of the few places in the area that is open late.
2	I have to say I'm surprised at how many people love this place.  I had the Delux burger, and it was as two stars says...Meh.  I would not go running back there for another one, especially at $10.50 a pop.  I will say the mixed basket of regular and sweet potato fries was tasty ($6.00 but enough to share).  The burger lacked flavor, even with all the toppings including caramelized onions.  Nothing popped when you would bite into it, and even the bun was a little soggy.  I would go to In and Out and get a tasty burger for a better price before going back.  OR, stop in at Blu Burger for a tastier burger at the same price.
5	My girfriend and I have never had a bad experience here! Turkey burger is great, fries with the dipping sauce and all while sipping some Lindeman's , Pecheresse.
4	I decided to surprise my daughter with an after soccer burger, and once again Delux delivered on a great dinner. Experience told me that they always leave their burgers a bit undercooked so i stressed that we really wanted medium and that is exactly what we had.Thanks Delux!
5	Best dam burger I have ever had.  Went there after a long day of drinking.  Split the large fries between two people, get the burger medium rare, and go for the chocolate malt.
5	this establishment is very modern.  almost too modern for my taste BUT the food was damn good!it seems like whenever we go it's hard to find parking and there is a 30-60 minute wait.  the service is always good and professional.we always go for any burger and the sweet potato fries.  we also order desserts too.  our bill for 2 adults is usually around $40.  it's too bad that other folks have had bad experiences regarding quality of food and service.dang it, now i got sweet potato fries on my mind!!!!
5	Simply put, the best burger I've ever had served up with a great array of import beers and microbrews.
4	My husband and I both love this place!  I've had the Delux burger and the standard burger.  To be honest I didn't really like the Delux burger.  I think serving a burger on a baguette is a bad choice. It was hard to eat and I thought it had a funny taste from the combination of cheeses and caramelized onions.  I also didn't like that they cut it in half.  The standard burger is a whole different story.  It is fantastic!  The quality of meat they use can't be beat.  I don't even order cheese on my burgers.  The meat itself is so flavorful it doesn't need anything else on it.  Every time we've ordered there our burgers always comes out at the perfect temperature.  I order medium rare and my husband orders medium well.  Usually when we order burgers at other restaurants   both of our burgers come out medium because the kitchen can't get the timing down for the two different temps, not at Delux.  My burger is always perfectly medium rare and his is always perfectly medium well.   The sweet potato fries are to die for.  Their always perfectly cooked and the dipping sauce they come with is awesome!
4	A vegan writing about a BURGER joint?!  Yes, it's true.  This place really does give me mixed emotions.  Here's the deal, they have an amazing selection of all craft beers (around 50 plus seasonals), they have a decent selection of local brews, by the way and they do have something for the veggie lovers.  If you order the grilled vegetable panini sans aioli and cheese, you're in the clear.  The baguettes are vegan (not the brioche buns, obvs) and they have a few salads that can be modified.  They also have a tasty gazpacho with avocado and (minus the goat cheese).  The fries are good, but I'm kind of over the whole sweet potato fries thing.  Back to the booze.   They have flights (three 5-ounce beers of your choosing, or preselected)!  They offer tasty martinis and wine, and have a fairly extensive liquor cabinet.  The staff is friendly and the vibe is pretty cool.  They are open until 2am, everyday so it's nice for those of you who like a late night snack or if you're preggs.  One more thing, they do use Niman Ranch beef, so at least you're eating grass fed beef and not contributing to the nasty system that feeds poor cows antibiotic-laden corn.  That is all.
3	Last night was my first time eating at Delux. We were seated right away and were given roses for Valentine's Day. I thought that was sweet. I was pumped to be there. Everyone I know raves about their burgers and I thought I was in for a real treat. I scanned the menu and decided to go with the Delux burger and a basket of fries to share with my sister. The beer selection here is 5 stars. Unfortunately they were out of sunshine wheat beer so I settled for a beer suggested by our waiter. I think it was Papago? The beer was so good it made me forget about sunshine wheat! Our fries were delivered before our burger. I tried to practice self control and wait till my burger arrived but I caved in. The fries were great! I love the aoli sauce that comes with it. Then my burger arrived. I took my first bite and was NOT impressed. In fact I was disgusted because it smelled weird. I don't know if it's the organic meat that they use or what but I took one bite and had the waiter box it up so I could give it to my dad. He'll eat anything. I enjoyed the rest of my beer and fries and still left a happy camper. I'd come back for drinks but not anytime soon.
2	My girlfriend brought me here for lunch yesterday, and talked about just how good this place was.  When it comes to burgers, I firmly believe that they should be held as their own separate food group, right along with Pizza, Beer, and Burritos....so you can only imagine how excited I was to try this place, as it was voted Best Burger in Phoenix Magazine.There was no wow factor.  None.So, to anyone who reads this review, please tell me what I am missing?  Because, to be honest with you, all I tasted was a piece of unseasoned beef, on a bun, with some fresh tomato, lettuce, and red onion.  What set's the place apart?!  What makes this place amazing?  The only thing that I can say that was good about this place is that they didn't use the same interior designer that Blu Burger does.
4	When more than 400 Yelpers are telling you to give Delux a try, you should probably listen!  While there really isn't anything unique about this small modern burger bar, Delux comes up where it needs to; it offers up a delicious burger.  There are only two on the menu (the Delux burger and the classic standard burger), but my party of four ordered them in a different way, and no one complained.I had the classic burger cooked medium with swiss cheese.  When it arrived at the table I cut the burger in half, and saw (then tasted) a perfectly medium cooked patty.  I didn't recognize any crazy seasoning or added flavor to the beef, which is a good thing.  I like knowing that I'm eating a premium beef that doesn't require anything more than a pinch of salt and pepper.  And the brioche bun; out of this world!My table also ordered a basket of regular and sweet potato fries.  The fries come in cool little shopping cart baskets.  Go for the sweet potato fries and dip them in the special aioli, you won't regret it, the fries are crispy and the aioli has a wonderful sweetness that compliments them quite well.And if you're looking for a quality drink to go with your food, Half of Delux's menu is alcohol.  There's a massive selection of micro brews and imports on tap.  How can you go wrong?  Not into burgers?  There's also a few cool looking sandwiches and salads.  Put off by the location being in a strip mall?  Welcome to Phoenix.  That's where the best local spots are.
4	Great burgers!
5	Quick and friendly service, good fries and good burger!
5	The best turkey burgers I've ever had!
4	On one of my Scottsdale excursions recently i got taken to Delux by a friend who said they make, "the best burger she has ever had." So obviously i had to put this to the test.We started with sweet potato fries which were served in a mini shopping cart which was entertaining. They were cooked to crisp perfection and lightly seasoned and still had the incredible sweet potato taste. I got to try the clasic delux burger itself and it was quite amazing, incredibly juicy and cooked just how i like it. We also got the lightly seasoned original fries as well which were just as good as the sweet potato ones. i also got to try the turkey burger which was also juicy and flavorful, along with the chicken panini which was incredibly tasty.  it was a great lunch every one i was with enjoyed themselves and I am glad my friend recommended it.
5	Possibly the best burger I've ever had--definitely the best I've had in Phoenix.I get the classic, which comes on brioche with a choice of cheese. It's the only thing I've ever ordered there, because it's so damn good I can't pass it up. AND they get their beef from humanely raised, grass-fed cows. And beer selection, and the fries with aioli... Well, others here have told you how good they are.Pro tip? Throw a little of that aioli on your burger, too. Oh, and come hungry--it's a generously sized burger.It's a little pricey, but Delux is a really delicious treat.
4	The Delux Burger gets the reward for being the juiciest burger I have ever eaten. This thing is like a meat sponge that's soaked up all the grease from the grill and the blood from the cow and it's quite amazingly awesome! Everyone knows that to have a good burger, you have to have good quality beef, which means humanely raised grass-fed cows. None of that grain-fed crap or that mad-cow cannibalism. Also, be sure to ask for some extra aioli sauce because the burger is in desperate need of a condiment.Restaurant itself is actually quite small so I could definitely see it becoming super crowded during the rush eating hours. But we went in-between lunch and dinner so we were promptly seated. Kk the decorum was kind of gorgeous! Whoever designed this place has a flair for life and urbanism! The place has a very neon club lighting kind of style. And even though it's not at all subtle, it's still not over-the-top and in your face. The place glows with a blue light that enchants more than dazzles. Dig it, dig it, dig.
4	Date Night Delux! This place has a great atmosphere. My boyfriend and I went on our first date at Delux.  We shared a romantic mini shopping cart of french fries over a bright blue glowing table.  The Bar is lined with a great selection of Beer and I very much so enjoyed my wine. I had the Turkey Burger, which I never do, but I was trying to appear more health conscious to my new beau.  It was the first Vege Burger Ive ever truly enjoyed! It was so juicy and cooked to perfection.  My boyfriend had the cheesburger which he devoured and in the few bites it took him to down his dinner, he made "Mmmmm" noises the entire time with his eyes closed as if he was in Burger Heaven. The Staff was pretty attentive, and the open kitchen kept things interesting with the occasional flames of fire catching my eye.  The lighting was great, the music was good, the TVs had the right games on and even with all of that going on the mood was quiet and serene with a touch of intimate.My only semi negative review is the location.  Its in a little shopping center, next to a Safeway and a frozen yogurt spot. A place like this deserves a more swanky, downtown feeling location with a nice view. My boyfriend lives out of town but we go to Delux every time he's back to visit! Its our favorite Date Night Place with a twist of our own romantic sentimental value. I recommend Delux*Said So By Starr
3	My man had a burger craving late night so we stopped in. I have heard a lot about this spot. The burgers were juicy and big. It was busy but the service was pretty good. I noticed a lady at the table next to us put the French fry holder in her purse!!! It is a cute little shopping cart! Unbelievable!! I fought with the moral issue of narcing her out... I would recommend they put a little "deluxe" license plate on them so at least they get extra advertising when people see it at someone's house. Or maybe look into buying a bunch and make them available for purchase. People amaze me. Bad karma momma!!
3	Service by Nick was prompt and friendly. Enjoyed the booth area in the additional restaurant area, for 2 go customers.  However, I would like this restaurant to look into colder beer and possibly frosted glasses. Beer was at a temp more common for wine. The sweet potato fries were perfect.. Thanks.
5	I LOVE DELUX!! This is the kind of restaurant I have been dreaming of. I always crave some quality food at late hours and Filberto's and McDonald's does NOT seem to cut it. The burgers are high quality and cooked to perfection, also the bread is amazing. I'm not a huge fan of bleu cheese and it's on the Delux burger so sometimes I will just substitute it for some Monterrey jack or American cheese. The mixed (regular & sweet potato) fries are a MUST! They come with an addicting aioli sauce that I always need extra to spread on my burger. Since the burger is so huge I always split with the manfriend. To top off a great meal we get the black and white milkshake which is vanilla with fudge (BOMB.COM). Regardless of the amazing food, the service is impeccable. My bf was super thirsty and was joking that the waiter would not be be able to keep up with his light speed water drinking. Well, sure enough, the waiter was crazy on top of it the whole meal. HAD to tip big--he was amazing. I will be sure to remember his name next time and update this review with props to him.
2	I was working in Phoenix and was told that I had to try Delux, as they had the best burger and sweet potato fries I would ever have.  The fries were pretty good, but I don't think they were anything above average.  The burger, though, I thought left a lot to be desired.  It was juicy, but I would actually call it more grease-laden than truly juicy.  I like a moist burger, but I don't want grease dripping off the bun.  That was my major problem.  That may be what some people like, but I didn't.
5	Best burger in Phoenix. They have a great beer selection too.
5	Happy Hour? It rules. The food? It rocks. Drink selection? Most excellent. The best part? OPEN LATE!
5	I love the salads here. They are so flavorful without adding too much. I always get the Chinese chicken salad, but I have tried the caprese salad and the beet salad a few times and I am very happy with all of them. I also really like the turkey burger, it's so juicy! And my favorite drink is a welled mannered martini, some places don't have blue cheese stuffed olives but they do :) and the to go side is genius, I order from there a lot too at night if it is too busy, which it does get a bit crowded in there later in the evening, being that it is kind of a smaller place. It sucks that zen 32 is gone because they used to carry some of their sushi on the to go side but I guess it looks like I'll have to give revo burrito a shot. I've been meaning to do so but I some how keep getting sucked into Delux :) oh and PS you can't pass up the sweet potato fries. Nom Nom Nom Nom! ;)
5	Tasty crazy good burgers and even a deluxe hot dog! Their chicken salad has celery seed and red grapes in it, and if you've never tried that combination, you've never had chicken salad. I'm a sucker for sweet potato fries, and Delux does great sweet potato fries. The house aioli is great, I recommend the mixed basket of sweet potato and regular fries. If you still have room after that, get the float made with the stout. Happy Hour's good, everything's good!
4	One of the few spots in the valley where you can get some great food and drinks after the party!
5	Delux has a neat vibe and the food is packed with flavor. The food/drinks might be considered a little more pricey than most places, but it's definitely worth it.
5	"Best Late Night Burger spot in Phoenix" as voted by Eric M of Yelp.Portions are huge so split a burger with a date and a shopping cart full of fries with their amazing dipping sauces. Then sit back and enjoy some great local beers or whatever else they have on tap since they have a full bar until closing time. If you're ending your night here and just eating, get a milkshake. Seriously, when can you ever go wrong getting a milkshake. Sure food is more pricey here, but you won't get the patio dinning or late night crowd experience from your car of the [insert cheap fast food chain] parking lot, or the amazing fresh, "all-natural" grain fed beef. It's worth it.Protip: Let the waiter know your sharing and they'll split the burger for you and give you an extra plate.
2	As I have mentioned in a couple of my other reviews, I am not a big fan of burgers. However, after a good experience at Smashburger I figured maybe I could enjoy if they are done right. A friend had kept wanting to try this place so I finally gave in.My thoughts? Meh. I was completely underwhelmed by this place. I love their fries. It's the only thing I have had there before and those are still good. The burger though? No flavor... I asked for it minus the arugula (not a fan of the stuff) and I realized after I had left disappointed that they also managed to leave the bacon off. I certainly didn't ask for that. If that had been on there it might have been a little better. But even then I don't think it would have been a good burger. If someone talks me in to going here again I will likely just stick with the fries. Get the combination basket, half sweet potato and half regular.
4	In my opinion Delux has the best burger establishment in town. I no longer live in Phoenix, but every time I am back there (at least once a year) I make a trip to Delux! 1.) They have great burgers & awesome fries2.) Decent beer/spirits/wine selection3.) Nice staff and hip environment4.) A great place to hit up after a show, or late night sporting eventIf you're just visiting the Phoenix or live in the area, I definitely recommend hitting it up and giving the signature Delux Burger a taste test!
3	Loved the fries, the burger was Okay. I prefer St. Francis for flavor, decor, etc.
4	I really enjoy Delux!! The turkey burger is the bomb.com!!! I have yet to be disappointed. The ingredients are always fresh. The food is always hot. Customer service isnt bad either. If you are into beer...they have a fantastic selection. If you like fruity beer...try the Flight #3...its soo tasty. This will always be one of my fav spots in Phoenix....will def go back
5	I live in tempe so it is a bit of a drive. Every excuse I get I go. I LOVE this place! Great atmosphere, best burgers (and im not a huge fan of burgers), the fries rock and they come in a cute mini cart, they have a Must try inhouse dipping sauce that i always buy a small container of when i leave, and their milkshakes rock(i dont drink alchol). They are even open very late :)  Best burger joint in the valley of the sun by far!
4	Always like eating at Delux and Revo Burrito....  Healthy food and it doesn't hurt that they belong to Idine so I get reward points every time I eat there.
4	What a fun hip place for a burger and a beer on tap!  Everything I've had here has been great!
4	Checking out burger joints in Phoenix. Heard about this and read some reviews so thought I'd give this a try. Coming from midwest where we have alot ofgreat food and even better burgers so anxious to see what Delux had to offer. Worked late and missed dinner so came out here late to grab a bite and see if Delux was up to snuff. Didnt seem too crowded midweek. One TV over the bar, plenty of open seating. Had a bar with one long table down the middle. I sat in the bankette. Since it was my first time here, tried the Delux burger first to see how it tastes. Like all my burgers well-done and it was cooked to my taste. Burger was fine. Nothing too impressive but better than a fast food joint so no complaints there. Burger was about $10 and with a drink I got out of there about $15ish or so. Not the cheapest price I've seen but for burgers of higher quality you have to expect to pay a premium. From what I have heard The Grind and charr are similar pricing so I'll be trying those next. For now, Delus isnt bad. Didnt have too big a meal since it was late but will try the others and see which one gets my repeat business as a newbie in town. So far not bad though.
5	The Deluxe Burger and a Young's Double Chocolate Stout (but that's just me).  If stout is not your thing, Deluxe has an amazing microbrew collection and gives you the option of ordering a Flight (3 midsize samples of three beers you're pawning over), for a small cost of course but worth it.  If you are in Phoenix no other place is a unique, quaint and with the price.  A MUST!!!
3	It's pretty good.  Is it the best burger in AZ?  Nah.  I'd rather have Zinburger any day.  Way more flavor.
2	Delux? I think not. I expected to have an actual selection of burgers from a place named Delux. Unfortunately, they named the restaurant after one of their only three burgers. I wanted a barbecue burger, but they didn't even offer one...  Instead, they offered two beef burgers and one turkey burger. I chose the Delux burger (I figured since they named the restaurant after it, it must be good), and it didn't even have any seasoning. It was bland, and tasted more like meat loaf than a burger. The only redeeming qualities of this place were the fries and the decor. I didn't even like the dipping sauce that came with the fries that much. Very expensive for what you get.
4	We were all hungry for some great burgers and fries so we had heard about this place and decided to try it out. First of all we had a large group and the seating is mostly for groups of 4 or smaller. The staff created a little private area so all of us could still sit together which was awesome! When it came to the food most of us ordered different types of burgers from coby beef, to turkey burger, to veggie burger but we all agreed that they were some of the best we've experience in the valley! Also we ordered tons of fries they have regular and sweet potato or you can get a mixed batch, but the coolest part is the little mini shopping cart that they are delivered in! you should have seen our table littered with carts! Must try for those fans of a tasty burger!
5	Love the Delux Burger...Medium with extra aioli .  yum.  The panini's are fantastic and I love the grocery carts the sweet potato fries come in.  But the heavenly milkshakes are the best!  haagen daz.  Ooh hoo.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the Valley! The service here is always excellent, no matter who our waiter is. The food is very high quality. I often find myself here for an impromptu girl's night out, and the ambiance is just fantastic. Plus, they're open late, which is great for those late night cravings! I crave their French fries probably three times a week, they are THAT good. And the aioli sauce that they serve with the fries tastes so amazing, I have never been able to find another aioli even remotely close to being as good as that. Great ... now I'm craving them again! :)
5	I am a regular. High quality meat, Nieman's  Great burgers, hot dog is out of this world. fun place, small but good. Want fabulous service, ask for Brad, he is the beat. This restaurant just added another side and now serves sushi too. Try it, it will not disappoint. Open till 2am I think.
5	I've always liked Delux Burger. But I LOVED Zen 32. I am so so so glad they started serving the Zen 32 sushi at Delux. I've never been more excited about anything. I've already been a few times and it's just as good... No it's BETTER! Try the Sweet potato fries with the Aioli sauce. One of the best items on the menu.Also the Haagen Dazs shakes are yummy as well.
4	I can't believe I've failed to review this place! In fact, I'm not sure why I don't go more often. Had a nice lunch today, the burger at medium rare was super juicy and the fries were solid. I had a really nice bloody mary and the $3 price tag was nice. I want to stray away from the burgers and try some sandwiches next time... plus the wall o' draft beers is drool inducing.
5	Believe the hype!
3	I've always like Delux. I don't go that often, but it has always been good.The last time I went, wasn't the exception. The burger was pretty good as well as the fries.This time I ordered also the beet salad which was barely OK. Nothing in particular but the beets (the flavor and texture) are nonexistent. The patio was super dark, I mean, you could have a whole braid of hair in your plate, that you would't see it.Also the add sushi in their menu. That gives me the impression that the burgers weren't doing that great. But why sushi instead of improving their flagship dish?Oh well, 3 solid stars. Go there and get a delux burger, you won't regret.
4	I always forget about Delux only because Zinburger is closer to me but I really do like Delux better.  I had their new hot dog option which was really good.  They bring out a bunch of condiments to add to your hot dog, although jalapenos are $1 extra.  The fries are really good too! I love the atmosphere here as well.  Our waitress was really friendly and super attentive.  The only thing I didn't like was seeing the owner "scold" one of the waiters, who looked new, in front of the customers.  I think that should be done away from the ears of paying customers.  I also do not like when you see a manager or an owner in house and they do not go to any tables to say hello or how was the food.
4	At first glance, Delux Burger stood out with its exterior decor (blue neon lights-It's blue inside too), outdoor patio (heated) and modern atmosphere (think Vegas).  It has an extensive menu (burgers & sushi!) and a wide variety of selection in wine, beer and other beverages.  The Delux Burger was well cooked to your specifications with quality beef from grass fed cows, but it is a bit blend by itself.  Fries/sweet potato fries are to die for and comes in a cute shopping cart/basket, but it is not included in the price with the burger.  I also ordered a house made root beer and it was well made. The restaurant itself is quite small, but it is packed and everyone there seemed satisfied with their food.  Service was excellent as well, and the owner (or manager) came by a few times and seemed to be interested in whether people are ordering sushi (freshly shipped from LA?).  This restaurant is also one of the few places that opens until late.   It is definitely a high end burger joint complete with a sushi bar, a good place for a first date, but price was too high for me to fully enjoy a burger. 4+ stars.
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. The husband and I have been coming here for years now and it is still one of our favorite burger places. The Delux Burger is just fantastic with caramelized onions, blue cheese, and arugula. We always order Medium-Rare and it is always perfect. The burger is huge - we usually split and then order a basket of mixed fries. Their Sweet Potato fries are my favorite. Not a big fan of the regular fries, but the husband likes them. The fries come with some aioli sauce which is addictive. The husband also loves their Lobster Bisque soup and they make a pretty good Chocolate Malt Shake. Definitely check this place out if you are ever in the area! If you don't order dessert here, you can always head over to Gelato Spot for dessert!
4	When I first walked in to this place, it felt like a sushi restaurant - the colors, the giant movie screen of ocean water being projected on the wall, etc. I found the food to be excellent. I had the turkey burger, which came with a nice side salad. It tasted delicious - creamy aoli, avocado, tomato and lettuce on a properly seasoned and cooked turkey burger on a whole wheat bun. It was so good that I forgot that I had ordered the "healthy option". I also ordered a flight of beers which I customized to my taste. A great burger and beer will keep me coming back.
2	Really not that good, very over priced for how mediocre the burger is.  People kept telling me it was one of the best in town so I had to check it out since I love burgers, but really not that special.  I would prob never eat here again.  If you want a much better burger for the same price, check out zinburger or the windsor.
5	Great hot dog and chicken panini to-go!! Couldn't wait to write a review before I ate my chocolate-chocolate chip cookie.
5	Best burger in the valley, and the only burger that is actually worth it's $9 price tag out of any of them.Great selection of beers to go with your meal, my mom loves the Beet Salad as well.OPEN LATE!
3	good for late night eats. Good burger patty but please change the bun already. Too much bread.
4	Delux has expanded their menu as well as added sushi to their repertoire. And can I just say, "Holy hell there were a lot of menus that got dropped down on our little two top of a table" lol. I tried their Samba roll; it was alright, nothing to write home about. The Vegas room was okay - it was a standard Vegas roll. The fries, the one thing I remember being awesome at the place was alright. Maybe I built it up in my mind and it didn't live up to the hype or perhaps it really wasn't super awesome as I once thought it was. The lobster bisque was good. Didn't have that finish that Wild Fish had, but it was still pretty good. I really appreciate that they have local brews available cause who doesn't love Papago's Orange blossom? Now onto dessert - had a sample of their some pie and their peanut butter cookie which was chewy but not like undercooked or anything. It was a good finish rather than a full dessert. Topped with ice cream was just extra yummy. The apple pie was okay, but you really need the ice cream to combat the top of the pie. The crust under the filling, which has all the yummy flavorful goodness is better and not so dry. Both desserts are a good size and perfectly capable of being split between two people.I'd come here again and give the sushi more of a chance cause I do love the burgers here.
5	I love love love Delux.. Can't believe I haven't reviewed. I have never been disappointed. Delux Burger.. fries.. beer.It's all about the buns.. soft, pillowy buns.Then the meat.. juicy, rare, and flavorful.Throw cheese, onions, and bacon on that bitch, and it's over. You're crazy for this one D- Hov
5	I haven't been here in a while but I can't believe I forgot to review it. This place is one of my favorite spots to get a burger. They're open till 2am everyday. Their burgers are so delicious and juicy. They also have my favorite beer Chimay, which not many restaurants carry. The staff was nice the last time I went and before that but I don't know how they are now I'm sure they're great because the owner is a smart guy! If you're willing to spend $12-15 on a good burger, then this is your spot!
4	I had nothing but a burger... touted as the best burger in the Phoenix area, what did I get?  Well, it might be up there.  The texture was great though the sauce on the burger was likely unnecessary.  They cooked the burger perfectly (this is a huge huge requirement for a burger joint).  I don't know what or how they did it, but even though its a tad bit pricey for what it is I'd definitely recommend it!
5	I'm a Joker, I'm a Smoker ... I'm a Midnight Toker.I usually pop in here with my Posse round' midnight.If you live in the valley and haven't inhaled a Delux burger with sweet potato fries ... well you just haven't lived!Urban Cool
5	Ate here for the first time tonight, excellent food and beers!  I got the turkey burger, it was really good and their fries are amazing!  I will definitely be going back!  Oh, and I had a sip of someone's vanilla shake, if you like shakes these were pretty amazing too!
5	Went here for the first time with a friend. I had heard from multiple people about the place so I had high expectations. I ordered a cheeseburger lettuce wrapped (being gluten-free for awhile). The burgers were out of this world as were the sweet potato fries. The servers are always first-rate!
5	this place is amazing. Every item we have gotten here has been awesome, including the veggie panini
1	Dined here again today because coworkers wanted  to eat here. Well since I dined here last it has done nothing but get even worse. My food was so bad I just pushed it away after a few bites and had to ask a friend for a mint to get the vial flavor out of my mouth.  I had the Cool Chicken Salad Sandwich. The Bread was dry, the chicken dry, the mayo mixture was flavorless, the only thing that had any flavor was the slice of Swiss Cheese. What a waste of $12.00.  I give this place a below zero but Yelp won't let me do that!
4	This place was so cool looking!  Real dark with a moder/futuristic type feel with glowing blue lamps and crazy shaped decorations on the wall.  The Deluxe Burger was great and you get french fries in this little shopping car.  We got the 1/2 sweet potato 1/2 regular fries... great!  They even serve it with Fancy Sauce (Step Brothers reference.. but true story)!
3	The yam fries were fine and the beer selection was good.  My salad was ok but nothing memorable, pretty average actually.  Delux Burger was highly recommended by a friend and I expected better.  My server was attentive and friendly but in retrospect that might not have been completely sincere.  Hey... either bring us our change automatically or ask "do you need change?" when taking our money.  Those are the only acceptable options.  It's a little too presumptuous to assume I meant it all for you.
4	I want to dislike this place.  Why?  Because it's aims to add pretension to the humble hamburger joint - does any town need another restaurant selling a 15$ burger & fries?  But damnit if they don't have a tasty burger and fries.  Well constructed with great flavor and texture combinations.  Their delux burger is unequivocally delicious and, at least the one I was served tonight, perfectly cooked to my specified temperature.  I comment about this because far too few places get the basics correct.  Delux did tonight.
3	When I first came here, I was blown away by how amazing the burger was... easily the best I have ever had, and I've had a lot of burgers. The second time was almost just as good. I've been there a couple times after and things have just never been the same. It seems they can't keep their doneness consistent, some times medium-rare is rare, other times it ends up being medium-well. I hesitate going back because I don't want gamble on whether I'm going to be getting a good burger or not.Oh and the sweet potato fries are amazing.
5	I have been to Delux 4 times and have had excellent food every time.  So glad we were told from friends to check it out.  Their Classic burger is amazing!  Sweet potato fries are my kids favorite.
2	I've heard all the hype for years and this place turned out to be precisely what I expected; overblown nonsense that wishes it were in Manhattan.  We came here late night, post dinner rush around 9:30pm on a week night.  Sat on the patio. Had horrible service; slower than molasses in January in Anchorage Alaska.  Our server (if you can call him that -- he was more like an entitled lump expecting a tip), Christian never came back to check on us, offer refills or ask about dessert. I had to practically ambush him like a guerrilla warrior to get him to bring me the check. After that we waited another 10 minutes for him to run my card, even though the patio was empty.  The food was OK,but nothing memorable or extraordinary.  I'd sooner eat McDonald's Dollar Menu burgers then spend money here again.  Just a waste or my time and money.
1	So, maybe I don't get it. Maybe all the hype ruined it for me. Maybe it's gone over my head. Only...I think I DO get it. This den of would-be Williamsburg-ites is beyond over-rated. Delux should spend less time spelling a word wrong, being lit like the interior of an alien craft, and begging for someone to confuse for them for a restaurant in the hippest part of Brooklyn...and spend more time on decent service, and food to match the lofty expectations set by your atmosphere. Which brings me to the point of all this:  the burger. The burger was, at best, okay. It didn't wow me, but it didn't repulse me either. The meat was tender and well-cooked but aside from that, I'm left wanting more...and honestly, I'm left wanting a lot more. I was led to believe that this burger would blow my socks off and that the fries would be so good, I would order another basket. The only good thing about your poorly seasoned, room temperature fries was the gimmick you delivered them to me in. You could literally hear my eyes rolling. I've had better burgers at plenty of restaurants that also weren't simultaneously clamoring for me to talk about "how cool they were". Our waiter was barely present;  I effectively only want to see you once in a while to refill my drink and maybe check in once the food is there...consider the ball dropped. I'd have more to say about this place and why I didn't like it, but I was too busy yawning at Delux's attempts at being "cool".I do get it. You just haven't earned it yet, baby.
5	I can't believe I haven't updated this review for so long! So I have been to Delux several (and I mean SEVERAL) times since the last review. This place has my favorite burger in town. The Delux burger is crazy delicious. I was a fool to ever order the classic burger. The Delux burger has delicious caramelized onions on it and has bacon in it....yes....in it! I solved the problem of their huge burger sizes by taking half home and having it for lunch the next day (ohhh and it is soooo good the next day too). The sweet potato fries are the way to go here, like I said before, they preserved the flavor of the sweet potato in the fry, which is great because usually that delicious flavor is lost. Also, their fry sauce is excellent...good on the burger and good with the fries (and I'm not usually into mayo at all). The prices are a bit high, but for dinner and lunch the next day (and fries with dinner the next day because I always have to take half of the basket home), it is well worth it. Skip the desserts, though, not the most awesome and you can go get Hava Java next door (much better move for sure).
4	Another must stop for us while we're in AZ. We've had a lot here too - beers and food! Last time I got the beat salad - filled me up w/o ruining my appetite for beers :) And "shopping cart fries" get the blend and don't forget that yellow/orange sauce!! Can't wait to try their sushi element next!
4	Hands down my favorite burger in Phoenix! Great fries, fun atmosphere. Love the late night menu and service is usually great.
5	It is a burger place, but you can bring your veggie friends. No one in my group tried the veggie burger, but if it was anywhere as good as the beef kind, you'll be ecstatic.The combination basket of regular and sweet potato fries was also addictive.I wish I had come for dinner, because they also have an impressive draft beer selection.I'm guessing you won't find a better beer and burger place in Phoenix.Check it out!
5	Some of the best burgers in the Valley!!! And they recently added a great selection of sushi! :)
5	Woah, this place is amazing! Tried three main things that keep me coming back...1.  The Delux burger, simple and affective... The meat is fresh and melts in your mouth and with the Delux sauce, wowzers. I put that on every bite of the burger!2.  The Chinese chicken salad, my girlfriend got this. This was HUGE and delish! It was so good the girlfriend was trying to finish but couldn't so we took the rest home. 3. The sweet potatoe fries come in a little metal shopping car and is delish with the delux sauce!!!This is a must try for anyone in AZ!!!
5	Have been twice & have been amazed twice.  Late night dining, excellent food, great service, awesome interior and patio, reasonable priced....Note on the service.  The work as a team (wow, what a concept!!). Someone was always watching out for the customers.Burgers this time, entrees last time, great reverse happy hour (it would be useful to have an actual printed menu for happy hour).  Sushi was very good as well. Sweet potato and regular fries were awesome. Cute little shopping cart holder. Great crowd as well.  Impressed when the staff herded some smokers further down the walk as they were smoking out the patio and near the door. Side note: could use some rubber feet on the tables on patios (we almost lost the table with a slight bump) ... slippery when not wet!
5	With 500+ reviews, I doubt anyone needs anymore convincing to try out a Delux burger ... unless they happen to be blind. I've been here countless times and there isn't much deviation from the norm. Delux sushi? Now that's something to talk about. After combining Zen 32, I've been reluctant to try their sushi bar. Their sushi prices  could maim my already slim wallet. $14 a roll? I say 14 a no. Unless it's happy hour, I suggest going somewhere else that serves sushi for less if you're that desperate to satisfy your sushi craving. Then again, you're at Delux. Just stay and get a goddamn burger. But when mom and dad calls saying that I should take a break from studying and take me out to dinner ? HELL YEAH I GOT TIME FOR DAT.I've tried the Vegas Roll and Caterpillar and I have to say, one plate was enough to fill me. Quality was good, portions were decent, and presentation was clean and eye-catching as well. Being the typical nosy Asian mom, she kept pointing out how the sushi chef was practically standing, getting paid to do nothing on a busy Sunday night. I assume he gets more orders during Happy Hour.  The only qualm I have is that when he finally did get an order, he would make it really quick, but would then leave it on a rack until a server came to pick it up. I understand that burgers may take longer than sushi to make, but when I watch him make my sushi and leave it out for 5+ minutes even though I'm sitting RIGHT next to him, I'm a little peeved. It's fish, you don't leave it out like that you know? Even if the server is just trying to make sure all the orders come to the table at once, it just really irked me. Other than that though, I say burger or sushi, try it all.
5	I love getting the sliders! The food is delicious! It can be a little cramped when they are busy, but over all it is a great experience!
4	Delux is amazing! The turkey burger is one of my favorites. Ask for Phillip -- he's the best server. Oh and if you have a sweet tooth or are celebrating ANYTHING, get the milkshake. Thank me later. :)
4	Stopped by for reverse happy hour. They had decent beer & sushi on HH specials. The sushi isn't amazing but for the price & for reverse happy hour - it was good!
2	One lookat a picture of their signature burger and fries and its clear that they have completely copied Father's Office (Burger joint in Los Angeles). The problem with copying FO is that their legions of fans have no choice but to make the comparison.  So, I'm not reviewing this just as a burger, but as a FO wannabe. And as a wannabe, it falls well short of the mark. First, although they seem to have gotten the ingredients right, the bun is too thick, the patty too thin and dry, and the toppings less flavorful. The regular fries are limp and bland, the sweet potato fries are better, but too thin. The sauce (they serve ketchup and some sort of aioli) doesn't hold a candle to FO's signature aioli. The rest of Delux's menu is unnecessarily huge and for some reason they also serve sushi. Who wants sushi from a burger place or burgers from a sushi place?  Better to do one thing right than 2 things badly. The ambiance isn't much better. The restaurant is located in a Safeway strip-mall. They have an indoor area mostly made up of community tables and a cramped outdoor area overlooking a parking lot with misters spraying the patrons. For some reason they decided to give it a club-like atmosphere with blue lights shining down on the badly prepared food and simultaneously made it family friendly by letting children of all ages eat there. The result is a hodgepodge of burgers, beers, parked cars, raw fish, and crying children. All in all, a poor imitation.
4	If you're looking for an excellent Asian Chicken Salad that is affordable, and tastes really good.  Check out Delux.  Get here around 11:30am and beat the lunch rush.  The place doesn't fill up until after noon.  Service is decent.  They have a nice patio area too so in the cooler times of the year it's a great place to sit. One thing I will say is the smell when you walk in seems clinical.  I don't know what kind of cleaner they are using, but it smells like a hospital ward.  Maybe it's because we got there early, but still the smell lingers and its actually not very appetizing.  Overall, it's a great place to grab lunch or dinner.
4	Came here a handful of times recently. I sat at the bar and always have a fun bartender and friendly bartender helping me.The beer choices for Amber's/Red's are not that great. The ones they do have range from Terrible to Middle level. (In my beer book). They give you a ton of fries with your order.There isn't much option when it comes to the burgers, which is sad. I'd expect more from them.
4	Walked pass the tempting patio, misting a cool welcome.  Entered this contemporary restaurant, buzzing with upbeat music, food favorites, and brew fans.  Drank a perfectly poured Guinness, ate a shopping cart of french fries.  Loved the combo of sweet  and white potatoes.  Wished they would have stayed crispy longer.
4	Legit.  Love the decor, great service, fresh ingredients and clever layout.  I had the signature burger and a flite of three beers.  We got a few sushi rolls, and it's easily the best sushi I've had in Arizona.  The fries came out in a freaking tiny shopping cart - AND they came with fry sauce!  For a fat kid who grew up in Idaho / Utah, this is an absolute staple when it comes to fry consumption.  The only reason this place doesn't get a 5th star is, the signature burger, while tasty, came out with a grease soaked bottom bun.  This leads to the sog-factor, which is a texture I find intolerable in the burger kingdom.  I'm sure it's not easy to make a burger patty WITH bacon mixed in non-soggy, but maybe a grilled bun, or some lettuce under the patty would help with this.  Either way, I will be back, and look forward to it!!
2	Always loved this place.  Come here every time I'm in Phoenix.  This time I had a waitress that seemed distracted (yeah you, the one who was working this Saturday afternoon) And didn't smile much or was having internal conversations while she was dropping utensils and clashing plates.  She was preoccupied when she took my order and totally forgot my fries...wasn't even on the bill.  I don't know, when a burger waitress forgets fries orders she should be fired.  She apologized when I told her and she said she was just looking out for my diet.  Cute, but where is the incentive to come back?  I mean forgetting fries with a burger is pretty obscene.  She pissed me off so much I don't want to go back for a while.I guess my point is that service doesn't represent the individual but the restaurant as a whole.  If they hire people who have no understanding of customer satisfaction and they are no longer representing the restaurant but only themselves, then it means the restaurant is slipping as they are no longer managing service.  This waitress clearly was not representing the restaurant, or even aware she was working. The decline of good consistent service is a bad sign.
5	I have heard of this place over and over for years, but since I really don't eat beef all that often, I had never visited... until yesterday. Let me just tell you, that friggin' Delux Burger is my new "GO TO" for premenstrual MEAT cravings!  Wow, it was a crazy delicious shot of iron my body needed. Honestly, I am salivating like Pavlov's dog just writing this review. Crap... now I'm starving.  Go. Get the burger. You'll thank me later.
5	Can't speak to the ambiance as I got my food to go, but my Chinese chicken salad was fantastic.  I was working late and picked up the food.  Went back to work and the salad even sat out for an hour before I got to it, but it didn't matter.  It was amazing.  I'll be back for more!
4	They definitely need to re-train the new sushi chef. He looked offended and even went as far as ignoring my boyfriend who brought my Vegas Roll to his bar and told him that the eel was missing. He just looked away and kept talking to another before he was so 'rudely' interrupted. Our server helped us out asap so it wasn't that much of a problem, but the sushi chef definitely needs an attitude change. Prices have gone up and portions have gone down. What used to come as a trio (slides) is now a duo. Not sure how to feel about that as I understand the pricing in the restaurant industry yet it still seems a little unfair. Regardless though, I'll still come here because it's the only place open so late.
4	I've only been here once so far, but it was a good experience.  The place is fairly small, but has a little outdoor area too with misters - pretty comfy overall.  The beer selection is great - lots of good stuff on tap.  The burger I had, their signature burger, was super good.  There's some other stuff to try, but I know I'll have a hard time not wanting to just get that burger again next time I go here, which I know will be again...
5	Best burger place. Lived her for 5 yrs, and only Indulge burger comes even close...but still by a long shot. The turkey burger is amazing, and the caprese sandwich is even to die. The most quality ingredients around. The salads are delicious, the deserts are incredible, and if you don't mind the possibility of a wait, the staff is great too. Not to mention the beer selection is off the hook. Something for everyone. Don't have a take on the wine, not a big wine connoisseur. And also not a red meat eater, but I bring all of my out of town visitors (from the midwest...they know their beef) and they love it! MmmMMmmMMmmm!
5	Delux burger medium rare (how they recommend it)...mmmmm!!! Such a good burger and get mixed fries so you can try their sweet potato ones as well. They come with great dipping sauces and in a little shopping cart which is cute and funny. I like the atmosphere inside, and they have a little patio too if it's not too hot. It's also open really late. I've never gone late....but I like knowing I have the option.
5	Best burgers in town, hands down.  And we've tried them all.
4	I've been going to deluxe for years and have never left a review because it's pretty much all been said with 500+ reviews. But, I think it's time...Burgers are awesome! Always have been. The deluxe burger is great if you want something different. Extremely rich and delicious. The classic is good if you are more of a ketchup and mustard kinda burger eater. It was always too much food for me so I was sooo happy to see the addition of the mini burgers, woohoo.  And...you can just buy one if that's all you want. I wish they had the deluxe burger available in mini too.As a frequent take out person, I was sorry to see the 2 go side slowly disappear. Now you have to walk in through the middle of diners eating and it's a little awkward. Then the to go counter completely disappeared and was replaced by a sushi bar. This I think is weird. If you want to do sushi, do it in another spot. You are trying to squeeze too much under one roof. Also, my last take out order had extremely soggy sweet potato fries. They were cold, floppy and inedible. I didn't take away a star for this because it's the first time it happened. But, come on. Every drive through in town can provide warm crispy fries...so can you. They are amazing when done right!Go here if you want a great burger and fries. The root beer and beet salad are also very good.
5	One of the top 4 places in Phoenix to get a burger. Try the Delux Burger with the Baugette Bun which is awesome. If you like sweet potato fries this is the place to get them. This place is always busy for a reason with high quality ingredients and fast service. Great central location and is open till 2:00 am
2	Yes the burgers are pretty good... but they suck in comparison to Zinburger down the street. The service is hit or miss. The last time we were there the waitress argued with my bf and told her his burger was cooked right when he sent it back... he ordered medium rare and it was black. She brought another one out but still charged us for it on the bill, so we had to get that fixed.Overall the experience was just OK.
5	1. Fries in a mini shopping cart(strange but cool concept)2. sushi and burgers(it used to be no sushi, but now i love this concept, you could eat sushi and burgers, my favorite foods in one place.3. happy hour(awesome deals, food and drinks04. open till like 2 am, when all other restaurants are closed Delux is still open)5. BEST BURGER IN ALL ARIZONA, and probably one of the best i had anywhere outside arizona. theres a reason this burger keeps winning best burger in az. their Delux Burger is just delicious. The meat is melt in your mouth(make sure to order medium rare, otherwise you cant get the full benefits) two people can eat from one, and im a 6'1 guy so i could have enough with half. I would choose sweet potatoe over regular fries. *****Once you try this burger you wont be able to enjoy others, as you will always compare it to this(just keep in mind, theres fast food, pub burgers and then there's Gourmet Burgers, Delux being gourmet; you cant put others in the same line. AVG burger price: $11fries: $5 or $6
5	You don't expect Delux when you pull into the Safeway parking lot.  At night there's a phosphorescent blue glow drawing you in like a moth to the flame.  There is an outdoor seating area, which is actually pretty relaxing for being in a grocery store shopping center.  This time around we opted to sit inside, and to my delight were seated at the long lighted table in the center of the room!  I love this table because it always makes me feel like I've entered a much trendier, fashionable city than Phoenix.  The fact that they're also open until 2 am helps, too.There's not a lot I can say about Delux that hasn't already been said.  The atmosphere is enticing and the food is always excellent.  They serve Niman's Ranch beef, which always makes me happy, and the price is reasonable for the higher quality meat.  There's a great beer menu, if you're into that sort of thing, and a sizable list of other cocktails if you're not.  If you find yourself drifting towards a drive thru because it's getting late and you're craving a burger, reconsider and head towards Delux for a damn good burger and a drink.
3	family love the salads and mix of sweet and regular fries. always ummy. hard to get a good burger though. meat is to dense and buns to big, toppings to much. Always a wait to get mustard and the right amount of onions. They seem to have an aversion to giving raw onions. staff is usuallyl pleasant. Kind of over priced for value.
5	The Delux burger and sweet potato fries are my favorite! The employees are friendly and the food is so flavorful and delicious. Depending on when you go, sometimes it can get loud inside at prime time, but it is a really neat atmosphere, so it is worth it. Definitely my favorite burger establishment to eat at!
5	I have always loved Delux and Zen but since zen turned to another place I am so exited that Delux now serves zen sushi. How can you beat killer fries, amazing beer, some sashimi, and saki... And if you are hungry after all that you can get the classic zen burger...  Best day ever!
4	The place is a bit dark inside. The burgers are fresh. Their sweet potato fries are fun and tasty, not overly greasy. I never leave feeling horribly full after my meal. Decent place to go once in a while.
5	Excellent food, perfect burger, fries served in a shopping cart.  Go for the classic standard burger.  Perfect brioche bun, that lends to the perfect bite of very tasty beef and cheese.  I really can't wait to go back.  There is also a very good selection of beers on tap, each served in their respective branded glasses. Nothing more to say.  Just go and try it.
4	The Delux burger is huge! I shared it with a friend and still couldn't eat it all. And the basket" of fries was a hoot! I will definitely return!
5	Always good
5	Outstanding! We love it! It's my boyfriend's favorite burger and they serve his favorite beer!! The sweet potato fries are delicious. I love love the aoili! I put it on my fries and my burger. Cool atmosphere, just go here.  I don't know why some people are uppity about it being in a safeway shopping center. That doesn't bother me one bit. FYI uppity people its also in the same plaza as the super high end Molina Jewelers.
5	Great food overall. Great location. Can get really, really crowded and loud, if that's your thing. I can see die-hard extroverts loving this place. 5 stars for always making my pick up orders easy and no nonsense, so I'm not held up too long.
4	Wowza! I can't to come back! This place is super cute, unpretentious, the service is amazing and the food, well, HOH. MY.If you want a burger, this is definitely a place to check out. Seriously. Looking at the photos from last night is making me crave a burger now.At breakfast time.(Ok, so I started writing this review before breakfast. Fast forward many, many hours later today and I'm still craving another one!)My super awesome fella suggested this place 1) for their impressive beer list (yes!) 2) food 3) service factor. Although I numbered them these items should be weighted equally. Yes, I like dark beers. (And so should everyone. But that's a different topic;)There are two very different sections to this restaurant. We sat on the "sushi/pick-up/to-go" side in a booth. If you can swing a booth I'd recommend that.The hostess offered us a round of free drinks if we sat in the main area. (Where the bar is.) I've heard the following from my fella and my brunch friends. (This could be a yay or nay for some, I didn't personally experience.) The chairs are bolted down to floor and the tables are, perhaps, a bit, on the close side. Sounds like fun for socializing to me! (Or a stretch to have an intimate moment.)I'm very gung ho to return given how efficiently and seamlessly our order was processed. And (obviously) the food. Even tho the beer menu has recently changed our server* knew her stuff!My drink of choice was a "Delux Youngsberry". This is delightful mix of chocolate stout with framboise. Hoh. So. Good! On the sushi side there are these hypnotic TVs with an ocean theme. The bummer is all four of them are dedicated to sea worthy endeavors. There are two other TVs to watch sports (but those must be tuned to the same game).This is a great place for groups of four and under. (I would say the space can't handle more tho.)* I wish I had written down our server's name. (You'll love her!) Keep an eye out for her / you can't miss her. Pitch black straight hair, slightly longer than chin length with blunt bangs.She's the bomb!
5	This is my 1st time here as service was amazing!!! And the mngr Casey recommended amazing food the Deluxe burger was so on point and the rain now roll sounds simple but still so awesome!!!!! All locals come on down!!!!
3	What to say? It's burgers and sushi in a club-like atmosphere. I tried the lobster bisque and a mini burger. Both were rich and made with high-quality ingredients. Would I have liked more lobster in my bisque? Am I not a man (woman)? So the answer is yes, but the only place that really loads up their bisque with a 1/4 of a lobster is Ray's the Steaks in Arlington, VA. Go to there. Back to Delux. I really did not like the decor/lighting and the seating is uncomfortable. I think a more homey atmosphere would go better with their food and give off a less gimicky vibe. But, what do I know? I am a mere simpleton from Tucson. Some in the party enjoyed their sushi, but I did not try. I thought the low-carb roll options were a neat idea. The beer selection was also better than average.
3	Seriously?Went back with my family and ordered the same Vegas roll. Service was a lot faster than I remembered so high five for that, but I looked at my roll and it was deja vu. Guess what was missing from my roll ... again. I looked over the wall and yep, it was the same sushi chef who forgot the last time as well. Even the server was surprised it happened again. The director of operations came up and apologized, saying that the sushi chef was new, but that's what they told us the last time and that was back in July. If this much time has passed and they still consider him new, I'm going to start using that excuse at the office asap. Throughout the rest of the night, the sushi chef kept glaring at my boyfriend and I who was facing him, giving us the stink eye because the manager spoke to him about his mistake. As long as he didn't spit in my sushi, I don't really care. I just want to eat what I paid for because eel is not cheap these days. Food is still good, that's why I come back. I just always hope it's the other sushi chef that's working when I walk in and not this dude who looks like he wants to throw his knife at me over the sushi bar Kill-Bill style.
4	I visited Delux in my search for a replacement for Induldge, which sadly closed a couple months ago. Amazing cheeseburger, great fries. The chocolate shake was way too rich (must have been haagendaz). The tables are super close together and it was packed even during an "off" time. No Indulge replacement, but a really good burger and fries - if they could just get their chocolate shake in line ;)
5	On a Saturday night I was highly impressed with everything from the service to the food and atmosphereAlthough busy my server, chelsey was amazing and although not veterans Day they approved a discount for me anyway. . that was indeed going able and beyond on any day besides it being very busy. .. and all my needs were met with no wait. The atmosphere was busy but not overly loud where I couldn't hear my friends across from meAnd the food. I know that my burger was so melt in you mouth awesome it could change a vegans mind. ..niman meat I looked it up and was very impressed about that farmI give it 5 stars for all the above. I had a great time
5	Holy crap!! Delux makes a great burger. I'm visiting Phoenix and my friend said this burger is on his list of 20 burgers everyone must eat before they die. Could it really be that good, I thought? A burger. The answer is hands down, yes. Great food, great decor and atmosphere and a fantastic beer selection as well. I'll definitely be back!
4	Been to Delux a couple times on gourmet burger hankering. With a side of fries and a big selection of drafts (and misc comfort desserts/drinks), Delux delivers. There is a cool atmosphere, friendly service, and good food.One item of note, they advertise Niman Ranch Beef, which many see as grass-fed. Their's is specifically listed as grain fed. So, while the treatment of the animals is still better than typical factory facilities, the diet isn't the same as grass fed. Hey, we can all make our own choices, it just kind of perturbs me to see "vegetarian fed" advertised when it is a non-issue -- grass fed is the standard.
4	Delightful! Initially, my friend and I were searching for a place to satisfy our late night sweet tooth's. Needless to say we ended up splitting the classic burger (medium) We also shared a side of fries and a chocolate malt. Christian was our server, he was fantastic. Very attentive and even had the burger cut because he knew we were sharing. I'm a raving fan of the service he gave us. The quality of the food was great considering how late it was. Overall great experience.
4	I'm excited there's sushi at Delux, it's a great add-on to what is an already good late night eats resto. It would be wrong of me to not be appreciative of their burgers, especially the Delux Turkey burger. It's one of the few places I've been to where the Turkey burger comes out moist and not dried out, and served with a really good cilantro and garlic aioli. The fries (they have both regular and sweet potato) served in the mini shopping carts is a great concept, and the micro brewery they have makes Delux a good place to grad a bite and enjoy a brew. As for the sushi, it's decent and does satisfy any late night cravings since they have reverse happy hour from 10 to close daily. It's a good eats kinda place and one of my late night favorites, it's worth a try.
5	The best burgers in the valley, so. I've been told. Came here on a Saturday afternoon with some friends, and was blown away by the amazing blue tables, clean glasses and 2 HDTVs. Awesome.
5	Delux is awesome! I dined here for the first time a few weeks ago with a couple of my girlfriends. The shopping cart of fries is a must! Their burgers were amazing as well! The manager and wait staff were very friendly and helpful. The atmosphere is awesome as well, I will definitely be back!
5	AWESOME BURGERS! This is the top of the foodie chain. Fries were perfectly cooked, burger was amazing. Went with the house special and couldn't be better. WILL BE BACK!
1	Hype is way too big. Not a "great" burger and not a "great" environment. Plus, whatever you do, don't order desert. My wife and I ordered a key lime pie for $6, which is fine, but it was smaller than an iPhone. Such a joke.
4	There certainly was nothing wrong with my experience here - the service was excellent, the atmosphere is very cool, they have an impressive draft list - but I just don't see what the buzz is about with the food. I am not complaining about it by any means, but it just didn't knock my socks off. Our order included the signature burger, sweet potato fries, and the chicken salad sandwich. The fries were great. The burger was well constructed, though the temperature was a bit over the medium rare that I ordered (this is also how they recommend it). I'm not surprised as the patty was probably only half an inch thick. It was still juicy and the flavor was fine. The chicken salad sandwich was gargantuan, but its contents were a bit lacking of flavor and the chicken was a touch on the dry side.All in all, it's certainly worth a shot if you've never tried it. I didn't really see the value in it at the moderately high prices so I doubt it will come to mind when deciding on where to eat, but maybe it'll do it for you.
4	Delux is the shitz!Great service, diverse menu, tasty food, and kitchen that stays open till 2:00 am! Now that's what I call competitive advantage. If you like burgers get the Delux burger! You can't go wrong. I am mostly veggie so I enjoy the basket of mixed fries (that comes in a little shopping cart I always want to steal) or the veggie panini. Their banana split is epic! Pros-kitchen open late-good food-owner is nice-great service-awesome deserts-fast serviceCons-small outside seating
1	Friendly staff, eager to please. Overpriced at 11-$12 for a sub-par burger. Fries not included ($5 extra). For a place called Delux Burger we expected the menu to consist mostly of well....burgers. Only 2 choices. The burger itself was flavorless and greasy. The Applewood smoked bacon might as well have been missing as at one point we were both digging through toppings in search of the bacon the menu made us drool over. The cheese was nice and gooey, the arugula was fresh, and the bun was amazing. If the main course wouldn't have left us so disappointed I would have gone back just for the fries.
5	First visit was a couple weeks ago after a concert and had to say one of the best burgers I've ever had. Came here again and it confirms my opinion of the best burger. Well balanced and the perfect combination of bread/meat/toppings. If you come here, order the delux burger the way it comes, it will be worth it!
4	Food and service are both great here with an array selection of draft beers. Small outdoor patio with a couple of tables. My friends were more into this place than me but the turkey burger I ordered was perfectly seasoned and tasty. I can't complain about the sweet potatoes fries either, dippin' in some aioli sauce - YUM!The atmosphere is different here, with blue  lighted accents throughout. Futuristic feel vibe. Apparently they serve sushi as well. Burger/sushi combo is something I never pictured. Nice joint in the neighborhood!
4	(Lyrics - Ice Cube - Today Was a Good Day)Just walking to Delux gotta thank godI didn't know they serve sushi that's kinda oddNo parking from streets, no probAnd they're cooking up some burgers with plenty of hogs (or bacon!)I got my grub on, but didn't pig outFinally got a some yam fries that I wanna try outHooked it up for later as I hit the shotsThinking will I live it up, for another happy hourDon't wanna go cause I had me some beer flightsAnd if I hit the streets, I can get a DUIHad to stop to get another biteLooking in my mirror and was redder than a beetBut everythings alrightI got a mini burger, and it's for happy hour all nightCalled up the yelpers and I'm reviewing y'allWhich soup, do you want to try out at all?Get me in Delux and that's no troubleLast week Yelped around and got a duo burgerKetchup and chipotle sauce all the wayYou gotta believe today was a Delux DayA Delux day all day everyday!  Yes, Delux is staple burger joint of Phoenix for some times now and now serving Sushi!  Located next to the Biltmore area, Delux burger is known to have a great happy hour and late night eats.  The place is always popping when I attend.  The blue lighting totally weird me out, but it's alright.  I've never came here for breakfast or lunch; needless to say I'm sure it's pretty damn good cause I know the late night menu is awesome.  Craft beer and flights is a must and your fries come in a mini shopping cart!  Don't understand the concept behind it, but it's a whole lot of fries I tell you that much; generally served with a side of ketchup or chipotle.  The burgers here are no joke and one of the best in town.  Nice and moist and the condiment pairings are second to none!  Overall, Delux is a great place to hangout for drinks as well as enjoy a great meal. Service here is always the best and always a welcoming smile. - Enjoy!
4	Love love love this place. Such a great (not so hidden) gem anymore. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I love their sweet potatoe fries and their burgers are divine. The one recommendation I have is to order your burger with the bun on the side because the meat tends to be reaaally juicy so the bun can get soggy by the time it gets to the table (its still delish though!). I would highly recommend this place, even if burgers aren't your thing.
3	The food is delicious. The staff alternates between being amazing, or bored out of their minds. Get the fries, your body will thank you.
3	Very hard to get a burger here medium rare. The service was excellent, and I felt bad because I had to send it back. Chef needs to focus.Fries were yummy.
5	Love this place.  Always liked the burgers and fries.  And now that they have sushi it is also really good. never disappoints
4	So, in a competition for best beef burger around town, I'll certainly give delux their creds. The delux burger is pretty amazing. Good quality beef and super fresh bread make for a pretty great burger. The size is big, but the shape eliminates those awkward moments in trying to hold and take bites without it falling apart. The fries are awesome as to be expected with an overly addictive aioli (sour cream, mayonnaise, cayenne, and lemon?). The sushi menu is not so expected for a burger joint. But hey - I love sushi so no complaints here.  I also have tried the turkey burger, and I wasn't over the moon. It was good, but not as amazing as their beef. Alas, this is why I will continue to go to those "others". However, I will say the delux has the leg up on the beef burger scene.
5	Turkey burger prepared in the same fashion as the Deluxe burger is amazing!  Add a basket of sweet potato fries and you're in heaven!
5	Thank God for this place. When all else is closed and you want a great meal (sushi or a burger) this is the spot to go. Service is great and so is the atmosphere... If you sit at the sushi bar during happy hour your first drink is free! The owner often visits your table to say hi... Smart move!
5	I first came here several years ago before I was a yelper.  The delux burger haunted my dreams as the best burger I've maybe ever had.  Since then, I've had many high end burgers, so I was thinking, it's probably not as good as I remember and I've built it up in my mind.  Nope!  It's still awesome and totally lived up to the anticipation.  So what makes the Delux Burger so great, well it starts off with very high grade Niman Ranch Beef.  You want this burger to be nice and pink so order it medium rare.  It's such a juicy burger that the beef itself creates a sauce that is soaked into what they call a demi baguette.  This is a perfect bun.  It's shaped like a mini sub roll and the burger is also rectangular so you have burger covering every inch of the roll.  You would expect something called a baguette to be crunchy on the outside, but this isn't.  It's nice and soft, yet firm enough not to fall apart.  The cheese on this burger is an interesting mix of may tag bleu cheese and gruyere.  I felt on this visit, there could have been a little more cheese, so next time I'm ordering extra chese for sure.  The burger is also topped with a blend of caramelized onions and chopped up smoked applewood bacon.  The only veggie is baby arugula.  It is perhaps tossed in a little olive oil first, but I'm not sure.  You don't add on or take off from this burger, as it's perfection.  They brought some ketchup and mayo but it takes away from the flavor.  The juices from the beef along with the caramelized onion bacon mixture makes sure the burger is in no way dry.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delux-phoenix?select=9-u-8vM2cZKHwQYG00yZ4w#ORnSlQsuz19YA5juttyufQNow if you live in Los Angeles, this burger may be familiar to you.  It's called the Father's Office Burger.  And truthfully Delux Burger ripped it off.  But this is better hands down.  I've had a few father's office burgers in between my first and last Delux Burger and it's not even close.  They have perfected it here.  They even stole the A La Carte Fries idea served in a little mini shopping cart.  But let's just call it an homage, because the fries are way better at Delux too.  We got the mixed sweet potato and regular fries.  Perfectly seasoned, crispy, but still potatoey.  I'm not sure which I liked better, so I love that you can get a mix.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delux-phoenix?select=9-u-8vM2cZKHwQYG00yZ4w#hcCouQJXFqiYIFikfy_eZQGot to try a few other things as well such as the Brie and Mushroom Soup.  While it didn't have gooey strands of brie (man I was hoping for that) it was more like a very rich cream of mushroom soup.  Very good.  They have a different soup each day, so if you want this one you have to come on Thursdays.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delux-phoenix?select=9-u-8vM2cZKHwQYG00yZ4w#JZaNWjKY7Q8YgAWmUy62TQI was so full it was hard to get dessert, but I'm so glad I did.  The apple pie was very homemade tasting, piping hot topped with Haagen Dazs Vanilla Ice Cream.  We loved every bite of it.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/delux-phoenix?select=9-u-8vM2cZKHwQYG00yZ4w#MpH-7ioUSrGWUCqgxLo3TAI wish I lived near Delux as I'd love to try some other things on their menu.  They now have a Sushi bar as well, but I have no idea how it is.  The vibe of the place is great and they have the kind of bathroom you wished you had in your house.  The attention to detail at Delux doesn't go unnoticed and it was great to see that they are still at the top of their game.  Another plus is they are open until 2am with a full bar!!
4	I went in for their "happy hour". Well, it wasn't much of a happy hour. The price was only a $1.50 less than normal. Whoohoo. I got the sliders and sweet potato fries. Of course the burger doesn't come with fries like most restaurants nowadays, so that jacked the bill up more than I was hoping. Okay, so the prices aren't great. It's actually kinda overpriced. One could go to the Vig and get the same quality food for significantly less. However, the service was great. My server continuously asked if I needed anything else and was friendly throughout my visit. The food itself was pretty good, and the fries inside a tiny shopping cart is a nice touch. The atmosphere is unique, dimly lit with blue lights; cool effect!Will I be returning? Probably not anytime soon, as I mentioned, I can eat the same quality food elsewhere at places with equally awesome environments for much less.
3	So this place really had the potential of being better but I think I miust have just gone on an off day. Unfortunately probably won;t be back in AZ for a while so they may never redeem themselves in my book! We went for the beers and burgers and beet salad I had read so much about. First off, when we order the waiter tells us the fan is out for the night so theres no beer AT ALL.... they advertise their beer and burgers like crazy- you'd think there was a sign or someone would tell us before we were seated! Anyways, the beet salad I got was very good. The beets and walnuts and arugula and all that jazz were crispy and refreshing and the dressing they use is very subtle so you can really enjoy those veggies. Also had the low-carb roll... it was good, but nothing special- served me right for ordering sushi at a burger joint.My boyfriend got the Delux burger. he LOVED it. the bun, the burger, the toppings- all of it was right up his alley and no wonder their burgers have been rated the best!
4	Tasty burger and great sweet potato fries!Came here with a friend and was greeted right away from the hostess and I was very impressed with the blue hue and indoor ambiance. We decided to sit outside. I ordered the delux burger served medium rare and we ordered fries that were half sweet potato and half regular fries. It's served in a tiny shopping cart basket, haha. I liked the sweet potato fries and the burger was juicy. Not my most favorite burger in the world, but it was good. It was served with like shredded carrots and beets on the side and I didn't know what to do with that! I put it on my burger just in case and it did nothing for the taste but perhaps the texture. I just didn't "get it" lol.
5	I have never tried a burger that was so delicious. I am absolutely blown away with not only the food but the quality of staff. They are very quick and have never messed up on anything I have ordered. The layout of the restraunt is nice and they keep the place clean. Drinks are a little bit on the high side of the price scale, but the quality of food and service makes all the difference. I will be dining here again and hopefully in the near future!
5	One of my favorite places in phoenix. Love the sweet potato fries!
4	One of my favorite places to come to for any meal! Always consistent with great food. My boyfriend goes for the sushi, and I always tend to lean toward their panini's or mini burgers! The baskets, or "mini carts" of sweet potatoes are awesome. Matthew is a great server- knowledgable with the drinks and food menu, he took time to answers all of our questions even thought it was a little busy in the restaurant. Only reason I give 4 stars is due to the noise level, if you don't mind a little loud atmosphere, this is the place for you!
5	I love this place!  I just went on 02/11 most recently for my friend's birthday & they gave here a free Ice Cream Sunday which was a nice touch, but I've never ordered anything I haven't liked there.  Their hot dogs are amazing as well as their turkey burgers and their salads.  Their sweet potato fries are to die for yummy and the fries are served in a cute shopping cart.  This place is also open really late so it makes it a great spot to go for the late night munchies or if you just got home on a late flight and are headed back up to the north valley on your way home.
1	This review is for their Sky Harbor Airport location: What the heck Delux!  I order your awesome sweet potato fries and not until they hand me my order do I find out you do not serve the fantastic fry sauce here! Wtf? Really? That's why I got the fry's in the first place! I had to walk over to Humble Pie and get some Ranch! Yuck! Bring your dipping sauce to the airport please. No sauce, no more patronage from me. Bummed out!
5	Great place for sushi n  a good beer! Love tje good service and the sushi chefs are friendly.  Late happy hour awesome!
5	Possibly the best burger I have ever had.Check Yelp for a good burger place and Delux looked best. Ordered a burger and on that first bite you always wonder what it will be like. So bit in hopefully and... It was the most amazing taste. I swear I heard angels sing. The burger was absolute heaven.My wife had a panini and said it was very good.The fries were so-so.Giant selection of beer. Got a couple of samples and then had a new one (Green River Street something) that was really good. The selection is really varied so you should definitely find one you'll like.Really nice seating & decor.
4	Excellent meat sourced from the same farms that supply Chipotle.  The burgers are wonderful masterpieces of beef.  I would say this is easily the most succulent tender flavorful burger I have had to date.  The mix of sweet potato fries and regular fries come in a cute lil shopping cart.  The service was great as well.  Well worth going to.
5	I've been obsessed with this place since my first visit and return anytime I'm craving a big, juicy burger.  My go-to is the classic burger, medium-rare, with a slice of cheddar and crispy bacon. It's always cooked to perfection, juicy and delicious. You really can taste the quality of the Neiman Ranch meat (burger & bacon). What really sets this place apart, however, is the fries & aoli. They say the fries are for sharing but my boyfriend and I always require 2 baskets and extra aoli. Both the regular and the sweet potato are to die for! Great beer selection too, really what more could you want than good beer, fries, and burgers??
3	First things first -- this is some great food they're slinging over here at Delux. No doubt about that. The wife had a Chinese chicken salad, and I rocked the slider "mini burger" duo. No complaints whatsoever about the food. Prices on the other hand? Not so much. My slider duo was $11.75 and didn't come with fries. That was another $3 for a half order. $15 for two sliders and fries? Ouch. Her salad was $10, which at least was a very healthy portion of salad. I also ordered a draft root beer, which was also delicious. That ran $3.50, and no refills. Nearly $20 ($18.25) for a pair of sliders, fries, and a drink? That's not cool. Don't get me wrong. I don't mind paying for quality. And the service is fantastic. I just think you're paying a little too much for the quality at Delux. Protip: Get the half order of fries at $3. It's more than enough.I'd come back -- as the food is that good -- but keep in mind you're looking at almost $40 for two (with tip) for a burger joint.
1	People keep saying how this place has the best burgers. Well not so for veggie burgers. Seriously, Denny's veggie burger is better. The patty was dry bland mush.
5	Ate there again on Fri night (3/28)... consistently great.  Once again, late night dining in a nice casual hipster environment. Service was great as (almost) always. Food is timely and awesome. Sushi is adequate remembering that they are more a burger place than a hard core sushi place but it was certainly well prepared and taste great.  If they could just do something about the crazy menus...
5	Best burgers around. Also the milk shakes are the greatest.
5	Came in for some Magic Hat #9s upon arrival in Phoenix and it was a great first stop! We also ordered the Delux Mini Turkey Burgers with Sweet Potato Fries. The burgers were thick, juicy and supremely savory and the fries were crunchy and mouth-watering. The meal paired so well with our beers too. We didn't want it to end! I will definitely be back!
5	Great food and service. Amazing food selection. Awesome beer specials. i have tried the Grilled Cheese & Turkey Burgers and both were amazing. SWEET POTATO FRIES! To die for!Don't skip this place, :)
5	Great beer selection and best burger ever!  Every time I come to Phoenix I make it a point to go to Delux!  I eat a burger about once or twice a year and I always hope it's from Delux.  The mixed fries shopping cart is excellent and the aoli is perfect!
5	I absolute love the vegetable panini and sweet potato fries.  The aioli that they make is the best, you can forget the ketchup.
5	We took other people's advice... The shopping basket of mixed fries were perfectly seasoned and delicious!!! The spicy tuna was fantastic but the Las Vegas roll was the BOMB. We've had sushi everywhere on the planet and this roll in particular was superb. Those were the appetizers, we thought, next time we'll wait to order dinner because that was so much to eat that's all we needed!Then we had the turkey burger and Chicken salad and yet again, we were in taste bud heaven and positive we'd go straight to hell for such yummy pleasures! The ambiance is really a cut above some top Vegas nightclubs. Really great place to go for a meal, a drink and so happy it's open late!
4	Having travelled the high seas, near and far, east and west, I have yet to find a burger to satiate me the way the delux original does. Thank goodness this place is still around since my college days or else I would be very sad visiting Phoenix. But why would this place go out of business, which we often have to worry about, even with the best places. Now, the sauce that comes with the fries is also something I miss with a fierceness. I believe they told me the recipe once but I forget. Can anyone refresh my memory? Pretty please. Ok, that is all for now. Oh, and if you are ever in the South Bay in Los Angeles visit fathers office, it is quite similar. Ok back to eating. Bye.
2	FYI, it's bad luck to have chopsticks sticking up in a bowl. Re: Chinese chicken saladAnyways, the burgers are not what they once were, or my tastebuds have greatly evolved.  Mine was no good, no good at all, if i were not so hungry i would have sent it back. Yeah, that bad.  The fries were good though!
2	Not impressed at all. I've heard for three years since moving here that this place is the best. First off, it's pricey, the sushi was below average, and the burgers and chicken salad were average. Lastly, my rating doesn't take into account that we found a hair in our fries which the manager comped and apologized for. Atmosphere was dull, more like a diner with no ambiance. Overall not one of the four of us in our party said we would go back.
4	Delux was on my hubby's bookmarks and we were looking to try something new, so we ended up here! The parking lot was a bit tough to navigate since it's a busy spot and finding an open spot took a few minutes, but we ended up close-by.  We headed on in, and the place was on the smaller side, but we were seated right away inside at a two person table.  Our server was Mario and he was really helpful in walking us through any questions we had about the menu or options. The space itself felt crowded despite it not being full of people since there are tons of seats, decor, staff, bar space taking up every nook and cranny. But the fun ambiance and all the things to look at are fun at the same time.We both opted for the Delux Burger and decided to share an order of fries. We hesitated to see that the burgers were roughly $12 and didn't come with any sides, but once we got our plates, it made a lot more sense. The burgers are gigantic and there are two of them on the plate! The fries come in an adorable "shopping cart" and they were cooked perfectly.  They had dessert options, but we were pretty full and decided against it, but will know better for next time!Overall: ADefinitely a winner among the various burger bars in the area!
5	Sushi is not bad but the Delux burger && sweet potato fries never disappoint I like the sliders too burgers here are always on point kitchen open till 2am fuck yea !! If in sure get mix fries in the cute shopping cart a strawberry malt && the classic
5	Turkey burger was so juicy. Sweet fries had the right amount of crunch needed and so f-ing tasty. Freaking delicious! Best tasting burger on wheat bread (thank goodness) and sweet fry lunch I've ever had.
4	I frequent Delux about 3-4 times a monthand each time I have an enjoyable experienceDepending on the time and occasion, your visit can be calm and personal or it can be loud and not so intimateThe blue island seating is so close together and groups of 2 sit next to people shoulder to shoulder basicallyI don't mind this but I have noticed that some people may need more spaceToday my server was very greatShe was pretty busy but she managed to handle her tables in a very timely mannerShe made sure we had waterWhen taking our orders, she gave an appropriate amount of time for us to look over the menuI had the Delux Burger, all of their burgers are greatI have yet to try their sushi but I will soonI love their friesMy bf loves their sweet potato friesWe usually have to get half and halfToday I was parched from playing in an all day sand volleyball tourney which we won so I wanted to celebrate by having a drinkDelux has a great drink menu The cocktails are a bit priceyVery good beer menuI opted for a flight of 3I chose the fruity one (Sweet Street)It consisted of Crispin, a raspberry ale called Lindeman Framboise, and Papago Orange BlossomI liked all but the POB, I really didn't care for it
4	This is really a high quality burger place.  If you want a greasy spoon burger joint (which sometimes I grave) this is not the place.    This is more burgers the way Elements Restaurant would serve them.  What's great about this place is that it also serves high quality healthy food (beet salads, insalata caprese, sushi, etc.)  So for you guys who have healthy eating wives, like mine, go her with equanimity. You stuff your expanding gut and she can remain gorgeous and slender. Ok, the fries were wonderful and not greasy but a tad too healthy for my redneck taste.  The burgers are of the highest quality.  You can see it and smell it even before you take one bite.  I love the way they cut up just the right amount of lettuce for you.  The pickles are sliced perfectly.  The meat is cooked just the way you order it.  etc etc.  My only complain--which is purely individual--is that I would rather a soft bun than a brioche bun.  I'm getting tired of burgers and sandwiches served on brioche.  I know it's french and chic but it's also too thick and destroys that elusive balance between bread and meat that makes a burger a burger--take a lesson from In 'n Out.Our waitress was delightful and this place from the manager to the illegal alien serving the water go out of their way to make you feel welcome and appreciated.  My only counsel would be to the manager to stop by a patron's table once.  After three times, it starts to become interruptive--especially when I'm in the midst of gnawing on your delicious burger.  Chapeau to all those who work hard to make this place great and it is great.
5	I really love Delux but for such different reasons then a lot of other places I love. My favorite thing about them is that they are open late every night! I recently moved to this part of town and it feels like every decent food place closes down by 10, especially on weekdays. Sometimes I get home from work at odd hours in the early am and since their grill is open to 2am I can call in and pick up a delicious sandwich on my way home. One thing I have to say is some of their food I dislike. I love their chicken panini and chinese salad. Their sweet potato fries are also awesome. Their burgers and sushi are like 3 star quality and some of their drinks are rather weak. But hey, I go there and get what I like and I am super happy every time!
3	It's great to have an option like Delux for late night grub in the Biltmore area.  I will definitely be back.I think I showed up around 11 PM on a Sunday, before memorial day, with my girlfriend.  We were pretty hungry.  Nobody really came around to serve us, but a manager walked by and asked if we had been helped.  We said no, but we were ready to order.  She took our order and our actual server came by a few minutes later and apologized for the mix up.They were out of the beer I ordered, but the server recommended another one (he said it was only available in a few bars in Arizona) and I went with it.  I was just hoping it wouldn't be more than the beer I originally ordered (that would have been shady), but in the end it was actually cheaper and tasted good.  Awesome.Both my gf and I ordered burgers, medium rare (recommended temperature on the menu) with a lettuce wrap instead of bun.  The burger was good, but definitely could have rested a little longer before it was served.  We both had a huge puddle of juice on our plate after just a bite.  The huge shopping cart of sweet potato fries was pretty awesome too.  One order could feed four people, I'd say.Delux has a good ambiance, drink selection, and prices.  In the end the service was good and there is some more food and happy hour specials I'd like to try out. Although, I'm hoping it gets a little better.
2	The other day I was hungry for a burger and had never been to Delux so thought I would give it a shot.  So let's start with the good, the fries were great.  They tasted good and love the little shopping cart.  Our waiter was really nice and friendly.  That is about all I was really impressed with.  My first impression on walking in was "it is very loud in here". Then looking at the seating I was thinking it should be fun sitting elbow to elbow with everyone in here.  Seats are very close together.  Not much room to enjoy your dinner and have a conversation.  Now the food.  I guess I just was not impressed by the food.  I had the Delux burger and it wasn't bad but not worth the price.  The beef may be good quality but it was not the best burger I have ever had.  I would probably not even put it up on the top 50% of burgers I have had.  I feel like if you say you have amazing burgers, then you should at least live up to the expectation.  My opinion is the burger fell short.  Other things that were not up to par was that the AC was not working very well.  I will say the owner came around and appologized for that and I think that was nice of him.  A confusing part of the place is the whole sushi thing.  Are you a burger place or a sushi place?  From what I have heard neither are amazing so maybe focus on one and do it well.  Also while our waiter was very friendly I would not say the service was great by any standards.  Not sure if I will try it again... maybe a sandwich next time???
5	Their fries are the best! The food is great and I can always get a good martini here. Plus they are open late, have patio seating and added sushi to their menu. Definitely a must try!!
5	We came here as a special treat--and we were not disappointed! I wanted Gazpacho. It was cool and flavorful, very satisfying. We had the Delux burger, mine with a lettuce wrap instead of a bun. Have you ever eaten in a restaurant that offered this option? I felt loved!This is an upscale sushi bar, too. We passed on this. The sushi bar was backed, near the ceiling, with six 42" screens that showed bubbling water with a few sharks at intervals. Our waiter was the epitome of professional--a real one! "Folks, my pleasure, thank you very much." Decor was unique with the ceiling designed to muffle. Music was atmospheric, nice to hear. Perfect for fun, quiet, dining. A real keeper, this place.
5	This place is perfect for everyone. My boyfriend is a burger and fries type of guy, and he's tried practically every burger in town but the delux burger is his favorite! The fries are also delicious, I like the mixed basket, and they come with a yummy sauce (and I don't typically like French fries!). I personally love sushi, and wasn't expecting much coming into a burger joint for sushi, but I was wrong! My Dragon roll was delicious! It was a very large roll as well, so come hungry. Service was fantastic, our waitor came back to check on us multiple times and neither of our glasses was ever less than half full!
4	The place is cute and the staff is friendly. We sat out on their little patio and it was cozy. I had the sliders and fries and boyfriend had the panini. His was awesome, mine was a bit bland but for once the patties on a slider were cooked properly to a medium rare. The fries were where it was at for me, they were delicious! Next time I will have to try their regular burger to see how it is really seasoned. I am also excited to try their sushi because that looked awesome on the menu.
4	Came here for the first time last night since I was craving some sweet potato fries and one of my friends have told me they have awesome sweet potato fries. Came here around 11 pm and they have happy hour from 10 p- close! The place looks cool! There is patio seating, bar, sushi bar, and dining area. It seems like each seating area has a different ambience, so I would love to go back sometime and sit at another spot. We sat at the sushi bar this time because we get complimentary hot sake, pale ale, or house wine. How awesome is that?!We weren't too hungry when we arrived, so ordered a basket of sweet potato fries and two mini burgers. The shopping cart of fries is just too cute. The yellow dipping sauce that comes with the fries was so good! The burgers were very good as well...the meat was juicy and I love the bun!!!! Given that...I would go back again!
4	Stopped by for lunch today in Phoenix  Had the original burger and the mixed fries and beer flite. Excellent food and service.
5	I know this may sound silly, and I'm not sure how to write this without being sarcastic, but without a doubt, this place has the best water I have ever tasted in my entire life. If I could give the water a 10 out of 10 stars I would. The water tastes like it has fallen from heaven, filtered through God's tear ducts, went through the springs of Fiji and Iceland to somehow land in my cup. I do not know if it was tap, I do not know if it was filtered but I guarantee this place has the best water. I still think about the water this places serves to this day 3 months later and I wonder quite often if I can go by this restaurant with my 10gal water jug and ask for a water refill. I've drank the waters of all different brands (to me, which all taste different), I have drank the waters of different states (tap or no tap), and maybe it is because I have gotten too used to the filtered cloudy water of the phoenix area...and maybe I'm not familiar with this location...but this place...really, has the best water. I cannot stop thinking about it.Other wise, their food and service is great as well. I did not get a burger, like the name of the restaurant suggests. I got sweet potato fries which come in a small tiny little shopping cart which I thought was endearing, and I also got some sushi which was...a bit more to be desired I suppose. But I forgave the sushi because the water was so good.I will be returning here for the water, and the burger as well. The service was excellent, when the waiter forgot the sushi, he gave it to us for free afterwards. A+ recommended for water (if you want to taste the best water of your life)
3	The food is good, esp for burgers they say, which I don't eat.  The veggie one is good (albeit a bit spicy) and the grape chicken and celery salad (yeah, sounds weird) was pretty good too.What bugs me is the setup - one uber-dark, long, narrow dining room with oversized booths.  It's great if you want to watch tv but since I go simply to eat, I give it 3 stars.
4	Delicious. Got the delux burger and sweet potato fries. They were friendly and the food was ready relatively fast. The burger was a little undercooked for medium rare but not bad. It's a little pricey, but I was starving.
5	This place has the most moist, delicious burgers my family has ever eaten! No way to even really describe how different their burgers are from anywhere else. Order the classic burger & have it come the temperature that they recommend. The fries are great, both regular & sweet potato. The shakes are lovely and big!! Love it here!!!
5	Best restaurant in the valley that serves not only the best burgers in town but also excellent sushi! It's my #1 favorite restaurant.
4	Great hours!  So few places in Phoenix are open late but these guys are!  Great, friendly service and the burgers and fries are good. The sushi may be the best around and they have an incredible selection of beer. Definitely one of the better spots around!!
3	Burgers aren't horrible....  mine was very under cook (asked for medium, I got rare) server was nice but in all... there still a greasy, flat top cooked burger! And it was $50 for 2 beers 2 burger and SHARED fries! (Although the order of fries is HUGE). And lastly hopdotty is in NORTH Scottsdale... Much better burgers and much less expensive
4	Well! I guess six years was enough time to take to reassess this place and dang! has it improved. I went with an incredible friend of mine from out of state. He had the 4 Peaks beer flight, which he said was mighty tasty. I started with the French vanilla martini, and eventually ended the visit with a dirty martini. Both were exceptionally good.I still dug the blue low-lit ambience quite a bit. This night's waitress was young and cheery, brought everything out very quickly with ease. The caprese salad was even better than I believe even before, as well as the sweet potato fries and aoli sauce, which I promptly ate like Oliver Twist. My friend had a burger, which he seemed to enjoy, and the presentation of which was colorful and aesthetically pleasing.The only disappointment was the lack of cucumber vodka that was listed on the website. I'm always looking for new places to try cucumber martinis. Beyond that, it was a truly lovely evening. My faith in this place has been restored.
4	All I really want to say is that our server, Milo, was amazing!  Super friendly and attentive.Oh, right, the food was spot on, too :D
3	Burger was fresh, cooked to the right temp, slightly under seasoned, great service, priced a little high (to be expected).  I have had better, but I would definitely go back if in the area
4	The place was a nice relaxed place to eat. Environment was laid back. Host and waiter were both friendly. Our waiter was excellent. Had a burger and it was good. Nothing great or different. But tasty none the least. Would return. Might try the sushi next time
3	Good burgers, but I like bootleggers burgers better!!
3	The service was a bit slow but the food made up for it. The sushi was delicious and the burger was unique and flavorful. We also got the mixed delux fries basket which was phenomenal. I would definitely come back.
5	We went here for lunch and a quick burger. What we found was a trendy restaurant that prides itself on its food and beer selection. We ordered a deluxe burger and a classic burger with half a side of fries. If you are hungry, this is the place to go. OK, so the burgers are not half-pound burgers (but seem to be close to that size) but they are pretty spectacular. The meat is reserved for you from birth at a local ranch. It is then flown in (or maybe just trucked in) and cooked especially for you. If you pair it with one of the plethora of beers on tap, you won't want to go back to work in the afternoon but will need a long siesta. If you have a very healthy appetite you could also avail yourself of one of the restaurant's desserts (key lime pie or some wonderful concoction). Overall a place worth visiting more than once as they also have sushi in the evenings.
5	3 words......Sweet Potato Fries! Sure they have burgers to die for, but when you get a shopping cart of those fries..... man you can die a happy man.  Great service,  friendly people,  awesome beer on tap.
4	Delicious! This burger hit the spot. I ordered the classic with American cheese and bacon; he had the Delux burger with caramelized onions plus bacon chopped into that, topped off with pepper jack cheese. The meat was prepared as I desired; very good beef from Niman Ranch. Fries were perfect; we shared a mix of regular and sweet. To top it off: chocolate malt! Next time through town we'll definitely come back.
4	All in all I liked it a lot an would go back ... I really wanted to try there lobster soup and mushroom soup but I went on the wrong day so I will be back for that   But I had the turkey sandwich . It was really good but it could use a little more flavor .. My date got  the grilled cheese with sun dried tomatoes and that was very good as well but it could of been more melted but hands down best thing was the frys
5	My wife and I visited tonight and we were not disappointed! I always ordered my burger medium rare and most of the time they mess it up, but not here. The Deluxe Burger was unique, juicy, and delicious! My wife got the sushi and she seemed to like it. Great selection of local beers ,and the fries were good to (brought to you in a cute little shopping cart). Very good place, will certainly return!
5	A long time coming........................The elusive Delux Burger.  I have driven by this place half a dozen times during my missions to Phoenix.  We always use to go to a gelato place near here.  I always wanted to stop in and try a burger but never had time or already had eaten etc.  My buddy Dave G. has sung this burgers praises and last night was the night I would get to sample it.  I wish I had done so a long time ago.  It was fantastic!  One of the best burgers I have ever had.I walked in and placed my order at the to go counter.  I ordered a Delux Burger medium rare.  Total came out to just under $13.00.  Sounds a bit steep for a burger, but it is well worth it.  I waited about 8 minutes or so and they brought out my burger.  I asked for a bunch of extra napkins and was on my way.  Took it out to the car, drove over to a spot under a light post (had to take a picture of it ;-) lol), placed the bag on my trunk and dug in.  Here is how it was...............................Delux Burger-  Low carb be damned!  I was going to eat this thing and enjoy every second of it.  They slice this thing in half for you.  It comes on a baguette type roll.  It was very fresh, sturdy yet soft and is probably the perfect delivery system for this burger.  The burger itself is made from some high grade Nieman Ranch beef.  It was melt in your mouth tender.  They top this thing with some greens (arugala), 2 types of cheeses, and a sort of bacon jam (onions and bacon).  The whole thing worked perfect.  Savory meat, sweet bacon jam and a great bun were the overwhelming flavors.  I didn't taste the greens too much and the cheese, while you could tell it was there, didn't really add or subtract from anything.  Dave G.'s extra cheese may be the way to go next time.  This burger is hefty too.  I ate the first half and it was so juicy, flavorful, and big, I would have been satisfied with just half.  I'm no pussy though and devoured the other half immediately after.  I was sad when it was done :-(.If I ever need a great burger, I know where to come.  It was absolutely delicious and I'm sure I will be back for another in the near future.
5	I fucking LOVE this place, ask anyone what my thing is .. And that's rootbeer floats. I'm a rootbeer float enthusiast. And guess what.. THEY BREW IT THEMSELVES! The rootbeer! Oh my fucking float masters of the heavens I was blessed. They have that shit on tap. So dinner CLEARLY was starting off pretty good. I ordered (what the waiter recommended) a grilled cheese panini, basil mozzarella heirloom tomatoes, add bacon and avocado. You have a thing of beauty and did I mention all the fries come in a Barbie size shopping cart?! Fuck yes.
4	Surprised to find this place open (until 2 AM) on a Sunday with great food choices and a bar !! Our Server"Caleb" was WONDERFUL. Drinks were good, food was fresh, hot and tasty. Delux is the whole package: Open, late, nice outdoor seating area, good food, great customer service (@ midnight no less) - ask for Caleb if your lucky enough to get seated in his section. Would have given it 5 stars but liquor selections were limited, however, if your a wine, beer, basic martini (signature "Deluxtini" was delicious) or jack & coke kinda person - 5 Stars all the way !! Did I forget to mention the ample parking !!
2	come to hh.
3	Burger is ok. With all the hype expected more. Fries highlight of the meal tho real good. Still feel that the west valley has a better burger. Sorry east valley. But I would go back again just know now what to expect.
5	After researching numerous articles on the best burgers in Phoenix, it was noticed that Delux burger was on every one of those lists. I myself have been dying to try it for some time now and my bf happened to be having a burger craving last night. After some convincing, we went to Delux and for a small place, was so happy to be seated right away because it was 8pm and we were HUNGRY. The ambiance of the place is "bar and lounge" which to me was nice especially for a Friday night. However my bf wasn't initially pleased because of the dim lighting and the fact that he wouldn't be able to "see his food." Let's just say that didn't matter anymore because his first words after his first bite of the Delux burger was, "burger craving fulfilled!" ... And after trying it myself, I was impressed. Definitely one of the best burgers I've tried. I got the veggie burger which was good, but I wish I had ordered the Delux burger as well! We also got an order of mixed fries (regular & sweet potato) a la carte (literally, in a super cute tiny shopping cart!) and was very pleased! My bf who also was not a sweet potato fan just became one because theirs were that good... And the aioli sauce it came with helped a ton! Our server was more than attentive and we even got a visit and chat from who I believe was the owner which was very nice. We were curious to try the sushi that they recently started serving there, which the owner explained stems from his other restaurant, Zen 32.. But we will save that for next time because we will definitely be back!
4	Delux is awesome! Great burgers restaurant atmosphere but bar status at the same time! With the newish sushi bar inclusion it rounds off as an overall great place for a date.
2	Ummm I wasn't impressed. The burger was alright (not as tasty as I hoped) and nothing I would go out of my way for. The sweet potato fries were good but again I wouldn't go out of my way for. My coke was mostly carbonated water and I feel it was too pricy for what it was. I'd rather go to In and Out. There was sushi on the menu too so I guess that says something.  It was a lot of food but I didn't want to take it home.
4	Delux is different, yeah it's different ...Think outdoor pool club scene meets Niman Prime Angus gourmet burgers on Ciabatta meets sushi meets retro bakery menu. Sound weird? More like a true condensed description of Delux if you ask me.To be honest I bookmarked Delux, because i love me a good burger and the little shopping cart holding the fries here are just so darn adorable- hey, what can I say I'm a sucker for cute packaging and eccentric food presentation.I decided to go for their signature Delux burger and had a bottle of Kirin to share with my roomie- don't judge it was Happy Hour and the bottle was only $7.Delux Burger- Fresh ground, all-natural, grain fed, niman ranch certified premium beef, caramelized onion & small bits of applewood smoked bacon, a blend of gruyere & maytag bleu cheeses & topped with baby arugula. served on a toasted, handcrafted demi-baguette (seems more like a ciabatta to me)This is hardly a burger, if anything it's a burger for two. Comes in a demi baguette so it's in a strange oblong sandwich shape, nonetheless it is damn good! I got my patty medium- well and the beef was tender, juicy and had that signature niman ranch flavor. The cheese wasn't strong in bleu cheese and the touch of carmelized onions added a good sweetness. The arugula gave it a kick of pepper, but slightly and the bread was substantial enough to hold this huge burger all together without getting soggy.Really good burger though I would say if you're a small gal like me share a burger with a friend and share an app as well. I ate only half of my burger and took the other half home and was stuff with the beer and all. The environment was awesome to be in and service was good. A bit pricey, but for a gourmet burger this good- it's well worth it.
5	Great Burgers and Great Sushi!  Sushi was fresh and cold... I've been eating sushi for years, and if it is not the correct cold temperature I will not eat it.. perfect balance of rice to sushi on the rolls, they slice thick pieces of deliciously fresh quality fish, not like the terrible place I ate in Chandler, called Sushi Room.. UGH .. now called Rock Lobster I hear... anyway would NEVER go there again.. so back to Delux.. I live in Chandler and yet I still CHOOSE to drive here to eat sushi; and the burgers are absolutely deliciously fresh and I just love the decor here..  You wont be disappointed with either meat or fish !!! enjoy!!
5	Great burger, very good beer selection, great service, nice atmosphere, open (& serving) late.My new go-to place when I want a bite & a beer - especially late.
5	Tried these guys last Sunday for lunch and was quite impressed. Sat on the patio (in the shade) and my friend and I were immediately served.Had the regular cheeseburger - RARE and sure enough, it came back pretty bloody. They listened to me. I wanted to hug our server. Their buns tasted homemade and taste was on-point (not too bread-y)...Fries came in my very own tiny shopping cart - very whimsical. And, tasty.These guys are the bomb - I'll be back.
5	Listen if your on yelp trying to decided what to eat chose this place the burger ORDER it !!! It was amazing HOLY grail of burgers ..that is all
5	Found this place by searching on Yelp, and I wasn't let down! We came in for the sushi happy hour, the fish was quality for a fantastic price. I'm looking forward to trying out their burgers and other menu items, everything looks delicious, but we for sure found our new sushi night spot!
2	GREAT: 14 beers on tap!NOT GREAT: beer served warm. When a reviewer goes on and on for paragraphs about the kind of "fusion" represented, that's a relatives or associates review you can bet. Pointed info is the heart of YE_P!
5	Love Delux!!!  Best sweet potato fries in the world.  I always get the Chinese Chicken Salad- it's incredibleMy husband gets the Delux BurgerI can't say enough about this place- sometimes we sit outside, sometimes inside, sometimes order out, the food has always been wonderful and we have been going for the last 6 years.  We used to live about a block away, so we would visit at least twice a week and they are open until 2am!!   Really great when family comes into town and you take them out to a show and want to go somewhere that has food that is a mix between hip and healthy, light, but also more than enough to enjoy the next day because that's what happens with that incredible Chinese Chicken Salad.It's inexpensive and you would never expect how wonderful the food and presentation is and the waitstaff is extremely professional and kind.Highly recommend!!!!  You will not be disappointed.  I've taken everyone I know here, even co-workers and family. They all loved it!
3	Date Attended: 11/05/14 (Carryout)Item Ordered: Delux Burger and Mixed Fries (my portion of the order)Price : $18Service: The staff allowed us to split the bill several ways for the five people that ordered carryout. Inside the restaurant,  the staff appeared very attentive to the guests.Atmosphere: From the outside, it looks like a very cool place to eat with the neon blue lights. The patio was spacious and inside was on the dark side. Food Quality: Here's where the ball was dropped. The burger was definitely on the greasy side as evidence by the accumulation of grease on the bottom of the takeout container. Interestingly, the beef patty was on the dry side. Despite this, I think I would return and try the Classic Burger, which is on a brioche bun (looks great). The fries were too thin (personal preference), but tasted great.Overall Experience: The atmosphere definitely shined more than the Delux Burger, but will return to give it another try.
4	I've been going there for years. The place is small but the atmosphere and service make up for it.Fries served in a mini shopping cart.Good option for non burger eaters. The grilled cheese is pretty good.Tip: Order your burger a step more done than you normally would.
4	This is a really great burger joint and I have always known that.  I stopped in with my wife the other day for a beer and a burger.  I noticed they had a "hot dog" on the menu.  Being German ancestry, I could not resist ordering it just to see how a classic burger joint works the hotdog.  THE THING WAS AMAZEBALLS.  I really loved it.  Of course, I got a cheeseburger as well because I would not have slept if I didn't get a burger there.  As always, really great service, great atmosphere, and food that satisfies.  Will be back soon
5	Love the food and the fact they have the option to sub bun for burger to be wrapped in lettuce. Basket of fries are amazing.. 2 thumbs up!!!
1	What a disappointment!  Went there for my husbands birthday - he loves burgers.  I ordered the Chinese chicken salad.  The salad was horrible - no vegetables except small pieces of lettuce and cabbage and shredded carrots.  They give you  packaged breadsticks that iare stale,   Chicken was extremely salty.   I ate about 1/8th of the salad and  couldn't eat more.  The waiter never asked why I didn't eat the salad.  We wound up picking up Chinese food on the way home.
5	I love their beat salad and fries seriously yum what is that amazing sauce and the root beer on tap mmmmmmm
