4	Located on the Studio Walk, it's hard to beat the price of this attraction, which is free!  Just sign up for a screening and stand in line for what might be a few minutes, after which you are taken into a room to do fill in a form via a touch screen on a computer for what takes about 15 minutes.  After that, it's about 15-20 minutes of watching a screening of a TV show, while using a controller to adjust a rating score for whenever you feel a portion of the show deserves it.  For us, we got to watch a mature rated sports talk show which I thought was pretty funny and way entertaining, though I saw some of my fellow screeners weren't as thrilled and frowned at the swearing and clips of nudity shown.  Guess "mature rating" didn't agree with them?  Despite that, it was a good experience that was a welcome break from the mindless slots playing and was something I'd like to do again!
4	We stopped by here after going to the CSI attraction across the way (don't bother stopping there). This was a great way to pass an hour or so. It is free, which is a plus, and they give you a packet of coupons for your time. Basically, it is a market research panel that brings you in to screen a pilot that may end up on a network in the fall. You have a little rating system where you rate the show constantly throughout the showing, and then you answer some questions at the end. And did I mention, it is free? =)
4	This is a great way to kill an hour if you want to do something that isn't going to empty your wallet in the process. The show we watched was pretty terrible but hopefully our participation in this survey will help keep it from airing in its current form. You get some pretty good coupons for your time. Most are "buy one get one free" type of deals for various eateries and attractions in the hotel. We did get some no strings attached $5 certificates for the Starbucks in the hotel.
5	This was a great and cheap activity for my family when we were in Vegas. If I remember correctly, it was a little ways from the casino entrance, but worth the walk and trying to find it. My family is really into film and television, so this was great. We signed up, took a survey, and then watched a tv show, which we enjoyed. It was a cool experience and I love reviewing things so it was a great experience. When we were there we saw other families with kids, so this is good if you are looking for a cheap activity to entertain the whole family.
4	It's completely possible that we're just big dorks, but every time we go to Vegas, we stop by Television City and do a TV panel where we watch a television show and rate it, then complete a follow up survey.  For this free activity we get an envelope of coupons.  This last time, we not only got buy one get one free ice cream, but $5 off at Starbucks each.  Yea!  Free iced tea.The staff at Television City is friendly... I think they have quotas and want to get as many people in the door as possible.  The spiel once you're in the door is the same and unfortunately they repeat the shows a lot, so you probably don't want to go more than once in a couple of days.  This last time was cool because the show we watched was Vegas and I actually really liked it and hadn't seen it yet, so, WIN!Want a free event while you'r hanging out in Vegas and like TV as much as I do?  Head on over to Television City at the MGM.  You can thank me later.
5	Being a part of a focus group doesn't seem like it would be so much fun, but there's something about having your opinion valued that is really flattering. My boyfriend and I showed up at CBS Television City, and we signed up to be a part of a focus group. They don't tell you what you are going to watch, but they give you a general idea of what genre you'll be reviewing. After we signed up, we got into line, and we didn't have to wait very long before we were taken into a room where we sat in front of our own computer. There was a big screen ahead of us, and our guide told us that during the show we were presented, we could evaluate whether we liked or disliked what we were seeing. Afterwards, they gave us coupons and a free book. I'd go back if I were near the MGM.
4	This was awesome.  Being part of a screening group was pretty cool.  I could've done without the 4 Austrian people in the room with me who didn't speak English and had no business screening a TV show, but overall it was a good experience.  I watched a 21 min pilot called "Friend Me" and although I thought the show was just average, I did get a couple of chuckles in and didn't mind the questions afterwards.  I didn't find it too long to do and it was pretty straightforward.  The coupon book was a cool bonus and although I really didn't have a chance to use them since I was leaving that day, I definitely know that next time I'm in town...I'm totally signing up for it again!
5	This is actually something that I do every time I come to Vegas.  While it isn't an upside down roller coaster ride, everyone I take always enjoys it.  One of the best parts of TV City is that it is a FREE event.....Hard to come by in Vegas.I have reviewed Mike and Molly (years ago), NCIS, CSI, and a reality show that I don't think ever made it on the air.  Even if you don't necessarily enjoy the show, it is kind of fun to give your unfiltered opinion.  And, for some reason, there always turns out to be a good laugh.If you're looking for a relaxing, free event that will definitely keep you entertained, look no further than Television City!  Make sure to give it a try!
3	Located in CBS Television City in the MGM Grand.  Basically, you go in to screen a TV show and give your feedback.  In return, you get an envelope full of coupons (Rainforest Cafe, Nathan's Hot Dogs, Haagen-Dazs, Television City retail store, etc.).  Not a bad way to spend an hour.  It's air conditioned and it's FREE.  The boys (15 and 18) had a great time.
5	One year later and this free event is still just as much fun.  In fact, I went twice this trip.Sure, it is just giving your opinion on TV programming but, as you can see through my time spent on Yelp, I love giving my opinion on things.  I have seen television programs here before they actually air live, and that is always fun to tell people about.This trip to TV City consisted of one show I truly disliked and the other one which was surprisingly interesting.  Our proctor, Maurice, was kind, clear in his instructions, and seemed like a genuinely cool guy to talk with.If you haven't already made your way inside the MGM Grand for this event, it still comes highly recommended from me.Bonus: air conditioning, free of charge!
5	It's free no sales and you get to watch tv. With an unending barrage of unwanted sales pitches everywhere you turn in some casinos this offer is refreshing because you don't do anything but give your opinion. After you watch the show you take a survey that takes about ten minutes. They never ask for any of our personal contact information. The only personal info they ask for is your age, state and zip code, and nationality. If you are looking to fill sometime and want to sit down to rest your feet I definitely suggest doing this.
5	The best free thing to do in Las Vegas. I had the time to do this on my last visit to Las Vegas, and I enjoyed it. So, I decided to do it this year. Lucky for me... they were paying guests to watch a show! Yay! I got $20 to watch a decent show (or at least, I thought so), and then I got asked to come back as part of a round table group to talk about the show. For that, I got $50! Woo! Hoo! $70 for two hours of my life, why not? I quite enjoyed the experience. I don't know if they always pay their guests, but even if they don't, it's still a good, free experience where you can preview new television shows. I totally recommend it.
5	i'm a major TV addict so when i heard about this at the MGM, i knew i had to do it! it's free to get in, in my case u get $20 for participating, and u get a shitload of coupons (all at the MGM). so it was win-win all around for me.. there's a chance that u end up watching an already existing show i guess, but in my case, i watched a pilot that hasn't aired yet. (a supernatural sequel to an already existing show). i also did this on my wedding anniversary day lol, so it was extra fun for that reason. to get to television city area, it's a WALK thru the whole district all the way to the end b4 u reach the pool.. that was the only real down side to this was the walk thru the district lol.. anyway, i signed up and had to wait about an hr, no biggy, i hung out on a bench at the pool entrance lol.. the time came to get in line so i did. however, i kept being told by diff ppl to go to the other line! (there's 2) this was a tad annoying but at least it's only a few feet apart so it's not like i had to go to the other end of the MGM lol. the time finally came where we'd be going in to watch the show. we were brought to a different part of the television city area. we walked into the viewing room which was a conference table w/ a good size flat screen on the wall. there was also ipads,  a pad of paper w/ a cheap pencil, and a handheld dial that u apparently use to rate moments in the show (u gotta make sure u keep moving it at least every 30 secs or ur timed out) on the table for each person. we did a few start up things on the ipad and got told the instructions b4 the show started. i'll be honest, the dial thingy alone kept me awake lol, i was a bit sleepy during this as they dim the lights. so the show was about 40 mins, no comm's. while it wasn't the worst show in the world, it was like a cheap version of other shows i watch. as i said it was supernaturally w/ werewolves and whatnot in it. it was a typical, underdeveloped pilot epi that u either like or hate lol. i'd rather have watched an epi of a show i like instead if i was gonna watch stuff w/ werewolves.. this epi really had the pilot feel to it.. anyway, the show finished and we all got to work on the survey u do on the ipad. thankfully i have a tablet that i use the touchscreen sometimes so typing on it was easy.. to finish and reward us, they offer u a raffle ticket to do a drawing to possibly win free show tix at the MGM. we were already going to david copperfield and KA the next nite and the tix were paid for so i didn't see the point in doing the raffle. also, i wouldn't have been present for the drawing (they were gonna do it the next morning). anyway, we also got $20 and an envelope filled w/ coupons. 2 of which i happily used moments later lol. i got a 'dexter' keychain from the television city / CBS store for free basically w/ the coupon provided, and my husband and i enjoyed our anniversary dinner at the rainforest cafe w/ their priority seating and chef's app of the day coupon i got... w/ the store, i kinda expected it to be bigger and have more shows merchandise offered, so i was a bit disappointed in that, the only show i watch that was in there was 'dexter'... the rest of the coupons i ended up leaving for the hotel's housekeeper along w/ the rest of my surprise cake from my husband from the new carlo's bakery in the venetian lol.. anyway, if u like TV AT ALL, or even just tolerate tv, i def suggest doing this tv thing. it's free to get in, and u get rewarded for an hr or so of ur time! how can u go wrong w/ that? and thankfully it's not pushy and a scam like other shyt in vegas! (believe me, i know cuz my husband and i lost $50 cuz of a stupid timeshare scam presentation we foolishly accepted the invitation to, but  didn't go to, and u get ur $50 back AFTER the presentation...) so yeah, as a tv lover, there's no way i could've passed this up! to share my opinions on a tv show and the chance to influence what tv execs end up doing w/ the show?! c'mon :))))
5	'Madam Secretary'Did not know anything about this research television studio inside MGM Grand Casino. We were fascinated by the idea that we wll be participating in something where our opinion would count in what could drive the next TV show to be aired in the Fall season... not to mention all the freebie in coupons they gave after participating in the research.We were given tickets as we walked out of CSI:The Experience. We used the tickets to register at the counter in front of the center and line up about 15 minutes before the scheduled time. Once we were inside we were instructed on how to use the test pads and monitors to register our opinions. We had a chance to watch, screen, review, and rate a drama pilot show commercial-free!  At the end of the 45 min preview we all had a chance to complete a 15-min questionnaire all computer screen based. Everything was done through touch screen. The whole process was approx an hour. Had we stayed another day we were invited to join a panel to critique the show. Wow! cool! Unfortunately, though, we were not able to participate on that one. Half the fun is the anticipation, curious to see if the show will make it this Fall. There are familiar faces on the drama pilot we saw. The show included Bebe Neuwirth as a co-star ("Frasier" and "Cheers"), Tea Leoni plays Madam Secretary (I remember her in "Tower Heist"), Tim Daly (from the sitcom "Wings")... and I could've sworn the young, loyal assistant was played by Erich Bergen, he played Bob Gaudio in the musical "The Jersey Boys".  Hope this show makes it! :)
5	All your life, you've had shows you loved canceled because some mystery idiot with a Nielsen box refused to watch.Now... YOU have the power.Swing by this place (near the MGM Grand pool entrance) and you'll sit down to see a mystery show.  As you watch, you turn a nob on a Nielsen controller.  You're just letting them know how much you like a given moment in a show.  And if you hate it, you can drop the knob to zero... and even hit the "tune out" button.Afterward, you fill out survey questions about the show.It's surprisingly fun.When my girlfriend and I did it, we both HATED the host of the reality show we watched.  As soon as we got out, I asked her what she thought and she started ripping the host apart.  I had never been more attracted to her.For your time, they give you an envelope of coupons, but I didn't get the $20 bill some other Yelpers got.  Even without the incentives, it's cool to have something free to do after you lose all your money in the casinos.  And who knows... you might get to see the next great hit or the next spectacular flop before the rest of the country!Note: They can't tell you what show you'll watch, but they will tell you what it's rated.
5	On our last afternoon in Vegas I suggested my friend and I head to MGM since we hadn't been there yet, and because I'd heard about CBS Television City and figured it would be a fun way to kill an hour. This is the place where you get to be on a panelist that decides the fate of upcoming tv pilots. We were told the entire experience would take about an hour, but if you finish the survey quickly it might take less time for you (I was done in about 45 minutes). Essentially you watch a tv pilot, and while you do you turn this dial in front. It goes from 0 (you hate it) to 100 (you love it), and after the show you answer some survey questions on a computer. When you're done you're give an envelope with some coupon vouchers, including one for $10 off the CBS Gift Store (with no minimum purchase, so it's a good deal). If you're getting tired of the casinos and want something else to do in Vegas check this place out.
4	My husband and I were in Vegas for a quick weekend trip.  We were trying to find as many attractions that were cheap/free this time, since we wanted to keep costs down.  It was our first time staying at the MGM Grand hotel, and CBS Television City is in the building.  It was our first stop after we checked in.  Not only is it free, but we got paid to do it!  $20 for each of us and a hand full of coupons for restaurants mostly.  Can't really argue with that!  We got there and were brought into a room with several computer screens.  They told us that we would be seeing some clips and then would take a survey.  We watched clips from "How I Met Your Mother", "The Daily Show", and "The Pioneer Woman".  The first 2 shows are already ones that I enjoy, so getting paid to sit and watch them was great!  This will take up about an hour of your time, but I enjoyed myself, and the fact that you get free stuff at the end is great!  Check it out if you have the time!
1	This was a waste of time . We got free tickets walking into the MGM hotel looking for something . A nice older lady approached us and we agreed to stay and check it out.  We waited in line and waited for thirty minutes I would say , walked us into the room and they have us sit with a computer right in front of you. The lady started having trouble working the dvd which delayed the showing about ten minutes . They played the show called "scorpion",  show made no sense and half of the crowd was asleep ten minutes into it. A few walked out. It was ugh horrible it was so boring . After the show is done they gave us useless coupons and the coupons are not even worth your thirty minutes . Do not go! Don't waste your time !
3	They have all different deals so ask what they are giving you.  We did it one day and were given $20 CASH for playing with an Ipad for 45 minutes and rating some things. Seemed like a good deal to get cash to then go lose in their casino!  The other day my wife watched a TV show and rated it. Over an hour and she didn't even get the $5 Starbucks coupon she was told she would get beforehand. Whatever.  It's a nice break from the heat outside and the gambling inside. My wife, likes TV, and she really enjoyed it. She would probably do it again. I would not. I would rather sit by the pool longer!
5	Let me preface this by stating that I hate TV. I'd rather waste my time on the internet (writing reviews on Yelp? :p) than watch most of the junk on TV. That being said, I was the one who suggested coming here to my boyfriend who gave me that "I can't tell if you're serious or not" look that I am oh so familiar with. And with that look on his face, I dragged him to the lady giving out the tickets for CBS Television City. I think I was the first person that day who asked for a ticket without her offering. She looked that surprised.Were I to base this review purely on the show we watched, this place would get 1 star. I did not like it at all. However, this review is on the over all experience, not the show, therefore it gets 5 stars. The people running the survey were Very nice & helpful. They guide you into a room and explain how you're supposed to take the survey & how you rate the show. You first start off by answering some demographics questions. You are then instructed on how to use the Neilsen Knob Box (my phrase, not theirs - though they are more than welcome to use it :D) in order to rate the show moment by moment. There's a scale from 0 to 100 where 0 means you hate it and 100 means television-induced orgasm. Yes, my meter reached 0 & sometimes even hit 100 (c'mon... it was Lilith from Cheers! Who doesn't love Lilith???). It was interesting knowing you were part of the television research process. Afterwards my boyfriend & I were approached to be a part of a focus group taking place the next day & offered $50 for our time. We agreed, but later they only picked my boyfriend because his opinion of the show was more in line with the general consensus - mine was... not.The next day I accompanied him to his focus group fully expecting to waste an hour in the casino losing money, but nope! They had a different research activity that offered $20. Neat. I passed the screening & got paid $20 to answer questions after listening to music while playing w/an iPad. In the end, I was surprised that my boyfriend & I enjoyed CBS Television City as much as we did. The $70 we got sure didn't hurt! I figured it would be one of those "one visit is enough" kind of places, but we agreed that when we go back to Vegas, we'll make an effort to go back. If you've got some time to kill while on vacation in Vegas, this place is worth checking out.
3	If you want to do something for free and kill some time come here. I went there yesterday to check it out. This was interesting. You watch a TV pilot and rate it. Instead of gambling away my money LOL! It's a total of an hour. The TV show was good. Afterwards, they give you coupons for your time after you complete the survey.
