4	It was a Saturday. I think. I can't be so sure of it these days. I live my life with such reckless abandon that every day might as well be Saturday. But I'm pretty sure this was one of those "real Saturdays" where walking around in my jammies and showing up at people's houses at 10pm with the latest knock-off "mockbuster" on DVD is considered "normal behavior" and not chalked up to "harmless yet nonetheless annoying eccentricity".With the recent price hikes on campus (4.99 for a sandwich that thinks it's a burrito? Have your mental disorder on your own dime, punk!), I've taken to "brown bagging" (which is what I call it even though I carry my lunch in a metal Dr. Pepper lunchbox that also doubles as a purse. I'm eccentric. Didn't you get the memo?) my on-campus meals. Which means I spend my weekends at Fry's looking at the lunch meat aisle going "Hmmm...which of these could I eat every day for two weeks and not forcibly strangle myself with my own vomit?"On my way back to my car, laden with plastic bags full to bursting with failure and sad, I passed by the Dragon Garden Express, glancing at their menu. I initially decided against it, heading back to my car so I could feng shui my refrigerator to accommodate my ASU Meal Plan, when I heard the restaurant calling me.Which is a metaphor for "crazy manager screaming at me from the door"."YOU WANT MENU TO TAKE HOME!?"Nah, I thought. If I took home a menu I'd just sit there, thinking of how much happier I'd have been if I spent my grocery money on an afternoon's worth of sweet and sour pork."YOU COME IN THEN! GET SOMETHING TO GO!"Maybe the screaming Asian woman related to my lament. Perhaps she thought her cuisine would lift my spirits.Or maybe it was a really slow day.I decided to come inside before anyone got hurt.You know how in the early Mario Bros games, you always played as Mario, although the manuals clearly state that Luigi is faster and can jump higher than the crimson-hued Ron Jeremy?That's how it felt when I walked in.Even though it was the weekend, DGE still offered lunch specials. Most places, Wong's included, exclude weekends from any of their lunch of dinner specials. Which is convenient, of course, because that's when Wong's gets most of its customers. DGE, despite it clearly being Saturday, offered 5 and 6 dollar lunch combos. The atmosphere in DGE is just...happier. I'm not sure how to describe it. When I go to other local Chinese restaurants the mood is so dapper. Like everyone's just waiting for that screenplay to writing to get picked up. Like the whole "serve cuisine of our homeland" game got really old, really fast, but they put all their eggs in one basket and have to wait for them to hatch and become dragons and burn the village or something. But DGE just has this happy, quiet vibe to it. And clean to boot. The place is splotless, with a hint of chow mein goodness. If I ever own a house, that's what I'd want my kitchen looking/smelling like all the time.Initially I was hesitant to try the combos. Because I'm not big on fried rice. That's Panda Express' redeeming quality. It lets me have my lo mein noodles on the side, instead of demanding that I have it as an entree.I figure if you can get a Big Mac with chicken nuggets on the side, I should be able to get mu shu with lo mein on the side. Oh well.I took the plunge anyway. I got the kung pao. They boxed it up in one of those styrofoam take-home boxes with the smiling face. Which I always find a nice touch. All these other places like to decorate their packaging with proclamations of how awesome their product is. This was a thank you note and motivational propaganda all at once. I love the digital age.The kung pao was cruncy and soupy, like a chicken and peanut cereal. It was like eating a salad and occasionally drinking from a cup of hot sauce at the same time. The egg roll was chewy and savory, the rangoons were crispy and cheesy, and the small mound of fried rice was fine also.  I was too involved in plowing through my awesome with a side of FUCKYEAH! that I couldn't even be bothered to tell my housemates where I had discovered this little treasure trove of chicken, peanuts, and whatever the hell else they put in kung pao. I just kept showing them my receipt, which I kept just in case I had to add in the business info when I eventually yelped it. The moral of this mindless, meandering story? If you want good, cheap takeout on a weekend, do Dragon Garden Express.Or they will scream at you.
2	You know, it doesn't bode well for an establishment when the Jetta R. has to preface the visit with advice that I "brace" myself. If the food is at all decent it wouldn't require an introduction warning me about the lack of "atmosphere" or "warmth." Literally, Dragon Garden has all the ambiance of a Dunkin' Doughnuts. Sterile white, pop-in lettered menu boards, humming soft drink case. Cafeteria-y. Staffed by my mother's body double who wasn't doing any cool stunts. Bummer.Jetta R. ordered the Shrimp in Lobster Sauce. I didn't dare stray too far into the menu. I ordered the same. Hey, I like lobster sauce. And it comes with an egg roll and some fried wantons and fried rice. Groovy. Ok, this is not lobster sauce. This is "viscous white goo with eggy bits that tastes mildly of chicken broth." 5-6 shrimps dwarfed by GIANT chunks of green bell pepper and onion. It didn't taste bad, just bland. Fried wantons full of dried out pork. Moving on. Egg roll tastes like Wong's. Speculated that maybe the staff just walks across the street and orders their day's supply there. Again, not bad, just bland. Fried rice = dry rice tossed in soy sauce. I ended up picking out the shrimp, eating the egg roll, and considered the rest a loss. Might have been salvageable with hot sauce, but there was none to be found. Dragon Garden has a few things going for it. You get more volume for your dollar on the lunch specials, so it's good if you need to fill up quick and you're not picky. You'll probably never have to wait in line. The staff is nice and the kitchen is quick. Everything seems very clean, and the food is pretty basic Chinese-American fare.TL; DR version: Go for lunch specials, bring hot sauce.
3	A star for good, a star for fast, a star for cheap. It's hard to find all 3.
1	This place is disgusting. Ordered 2 entree's for $18 w/tax and the chicken was the worst that i've ever had from anywhere. It was burnt, fatty, and had bones/gristle.  Called to complain and the person I spoke to on the phone didn't seem to care at all.
4	Love the twice cooked chicken , combos are well priced and the girl that works the counter has always been fun to talk to !
1	came during the lunch hour and no one was here. that should have been my clue. the teriyaki chicken was dry and hard on the edges. the chicken lo mein was super salty. the egg rolls tasted old.the only good thing about the place was the nice Asian couple that worked there, very polite and caring; however that doesn't make up for their lack of culinary skills.
4	I've been eating here for almost seven years , they have been very consistent and have been one of my favorite places to eat Chinese fast food , the shrimp fried rice has always been my favorite , and the waitress there has always been very good to me not to mention she is nice on the eyes .....
4	The greatest thing I love of the metro Phoenix area is hunting that is required to find a good place to eat in the sea of strip-malls.  I shop at the Fry's grocery store in this strip-mall and have always drove by.  A few months ago I stopped in this strip-mall to checkout a Mexican Food joint that went out of business.  I walked over a few spots and looked into the window of this place and found my eyes locked with an employee who gave me a huge dose of stank face.   Not knowing anything of Dragon Garden I moved on.  Fast forward my last visit to my visit today.  I was met by a different employee and was greeted by a friendly smile!  One of my Yelp friends talked me to try this place and I am glad I did.  This review is for only the two items I ate.  The BBQ pork here for a fast food spot is on point!  I would have to say it is top three I have had here in Phoenix.   I also had the Singapore noodles which was a first for me.  All I can say is Yummy!  Let me try to explain this one without witnessing how it is prepared.  It is a rice noodle (gluten free) prepared dry with curry flavor shrimp, pork and veggies.  The Singapore noodles is great on it own but adding some delicious BBQ in the mix made this meal over the top.  I feel that Dragon Garden has not been given a fair shake on Yelp.  If you are in the area, I would say give this place a chance to win you over!  I challenge any experienced Yelper to write a review once you have tried it for yourself.  This restaurant is located in a strip-mall and the interior is not fancy but the food and customer service(minus the scowling lady)is great!  I also hear that this place has a cute girl who works during the week.
