5	If you are a foodie in Montreal, you'll definitely be eating poutine.  Allow me to make the case that you should have it at Frite Alors:- The fries are crispy and delicious even with the cheese and gravy!  This alone makes a huge difference and was the single biggest factor in my decision to list this as a "best ever."  Other places that are otherwise decent (including Belle Provence and even the famous Au Pied de Cochon) don't get this right, leading to a soggy experience.- They get the ratio right!  Enough cheese curds leads to a rich enough, delicious experience all the way through.- They serve them in a bowl!  Serving poutine on a plate is an unfortunately common mistake, allowing heat to escape without really preventing sogginess.They offer a few "varieties" of poutine now, and we tried several.  The Moroccan one was good but the classic  / original is still the way to go.BEST X AARON'S EVER HAD WINNER: POUTINE
5	have a never-ending love affair with poutine - not fries, cheese, and gravy - but POUTINE. What's the difference you ask? One is good, the other is monkeymadness delicious.My only problem with poutine is that in Montreal it's everywhere: La Belle Province, Mamma's, Lafleuer, La Banquise, and so forth. Let me clarify, by problem I mean so much poutine, so little time.Of all the fast food poutine in the city, my favourite is Frite Alors! The gravy is savoury and seasoned, the cheese curds are bountiful and rich, and the fries are crispy and flavourful. So good, exclamation mark.
2	Waaaaaaaaay overrated. Here's the breakdown; half decent fries, very greasy burgers, sausages in a hot dog bun, and a handful of fatty mayo based dipping sauces. None of this is exceptional. And you WILL leave this poorly ventilated restaurant smelling like grease. that alone is enough to stay away.
2	Nothing to see here.
4	This is a nice, big space, and table service is our preferred mode of ordering in a non-English language, as I get stressed out trying to speak French with other people behind me, potentially impatient, while I try to string together words. So, it's a good mix of fast food and regular resto.We had a poutine, a grilled cheese with apple and honey, and a side of fries with mielnaisse (honey mayo) between three of us. The grilled cheese was a little too much bread for the other ingredients, but the fries were perfect -- fairly thin, good and greasy without being gross, hot and fresh.The bathrooms in the back are Asian-themed with different Asian characters on each door. This was a little stressful - going from French/English to Asian. Still not sure if they are actually men's/women's or unisex, but I'm going to assume the latter. Clearly not worth docking them stars, but it was funny watching a little girl (maybe seven) walk to the bathrooms and then yell for her dad in a worried voice to come and help her choose which bathroom she was supposed to use.Getting our check was slow, but this may just be a Montreal on the weekend thing, because the same was true at every restaurant we tried. Overall, it's just what you want (or what I want, at least) from a poutine/fry place.
4	I was pleasantly surprised. It was quite yummy. I had pulled pork sandwich with their famous fries and 2 different dipping sauces and I really enjoyed it. I would go back
5	When the "other" poutine restaurant that we had orginally booked for called at the last minute to say that had to close for an emergency, Michel and his wonderful crew accommodated all 25 of my students and me with just an hour's notice. Although the food was slow because of an unexpected lunch rush (methinks the potential customers from the "other" poutine resto came here instead, like us!), the staff were clearly working their butts off. My elk burger and salad was perfect, and my students all loved their poutine experience. Not everyone wanted to eat poutine, and this place was great for its diverse menu of more-than-just-poutine. I was very impressed with the customer service here and would recommend it as a great place to bring large groups and international travellers. Note that they don't accept Mastercard.
3	I would like to give 2.5 stars but I will give them the benefit of the doubt.The food was good, my poutine was excellent, my friend had no complaints about his grilled cheese. But the portions are very small and the prices are very high. A small poutine and a bottle of St. Ambroise came to $12 PLUS tax and tip! That, in my mind, is outrageous.The service was a little slow, but when we finally got served, the waiter was totally friendly and helpful. I wish the guy behind the counter would stop whistling and singing along with the music, it made it hard to carry on a conversation.
