4	A definite welcome to the neighborhood!! I was delightfully surprised at how much the store offers in such a small space. Grant it you are not going to get many choices on some items, but you may be surprised at some of the items you do find. There were plenty of choices for organic foods and "green" products, also. The good:convenience - for those of you that has one in your neighborhood. Easy to get in and out of with front door parking.PRICE - The prices are as low as Walmart's but without the hassle of having to deal with the super-store size. (they accept coupons too - even better) Ready meals - Great concept. Many places do this, but I found that it was easy (and fun) to create a full meal. Main courses, salads, sides, sandwiches and desserts all labeled and located in one place. If you don't have time to cook give it a shot. It is not as cheap as cooking it yourself but lasagna for two people for six bucks isn't bad. The bad:Stay away from the Rotisserie Chicken. A little dry and over-cooked. I've had better at Fry's, Costco. Save your tastebuds.In a world of Mega-stores with mega-parkiing lots it is nice to have a place that is actually cheaper to go to and within walking distance. The best way to describe Marketside is if you were to cram the Walmart food section and the Wholefoods quality and organic cool factor  in a space the size of Walgreens.
2	My first visit was roughly two weeks ago when I got a Mediterranean pizza over lunch.  Service was friendly and prompt and the whole meal cost ~$4.Today, I stood around waiting for help for about 5 minutes without anyone so much as saying 'hi.'  One employee looked at me several times but ultimately went back to stocking shelves each time.  I could see people in the back and the general manager talking on his cell phone.  I decided to ultimately leave rather than waste any more time.  Disappointing at best.
3	some times you can find good deals on fresh fruit and vegetables. It has almost the same idea as Fresh and Easy with all their pre-prepared food alternatives. Still Trader Joes, Sprouts or Sunflower offer more.
4	I came here after grabbing coffee across the street.  Walked inside and loved it!  Kind of like a Fresh and Easy setup wise, but much nicer, in my opinion.  Limited selection of items, but competitive selection of goods, fair pricing and staff was friendly.I was also told that this place was owned by Walmart.  Interesting.  I wish some of thier stores were as clean and cool as this one.  Anyways, I didnt buy as much as I had anticipated, but will probably return when I am in the area.
3	I was recently told about what the Marketside stores are, so when I found out there was one down the street from my apartment, I figured I should try it out. I agree with the comparisons to Fresh and Easy. They are pretty much the exact same story. Though some of the perks of this place are that they will ad match other companies ad prices. Also, every time I've been in, they've had great customer service. All the people that I have met so far are super friendly. I would have given it a higher rating but I recently found a big issue with this place. They do not have chopsticks for their sushi. Very strange, and definitely is cause for a star to be taken off. Hopefully they can remedy this issue soon. Sushi without chopsticks just seems wrong to me.
3	Very open atmosphere, similar to Fresh & Easy. Also, I've only met friendly staffers here, just like Fresh & Easy.However, Marketside falls short. Here's why:Prices are higher.No food samplings. (Fresh & Easy has them all the time)Selection not as healthy.Not bad, but not the best.
4	The idea behind this place is all over the place, like Wal-mart decided to open up a Whole Foods in building to small for either.It's like an organic kwiki-mart.  I'll be honest and say that the staff is super friendly and what they have is of very high quality.  But what they have is limited, and a bit pricey, and because of the size of the store, everything feels really cramped.  There is no real meat department aside from some prepacked cuts, so you can't ask for anything special, and the only seafood I saw was frozen, but priced as if it were fresh for certain packages.Their main selling point is probably their wine department, it takes up the largest portion of the store and is clearly the focus point.  I'm under the impression that your not supposed to actually come here for your real week to week groceries.  More likely you come in here to pick up a bottle of vino and some fruits and cheeses to go with it.
