4	Make sure you're receipt says what you ordered.. They trend to ring up your order after your at the window and sometimes do it wrong
3	Standard Panda Express food. Great new building. The staff is a little rude, probably just need more training in customer service.
5	went here a couple of weeks ago i didnt realize one was added in old town which is a plus the line was pretty long when i went in which caused the honey walnut shrimp to be out when i reached the counter but this is why i give 5 stars the girl told me if you really want it its a 5 minute wait so i sat down and waited about 2-3 mins and she made me a priority when it became available which kinda surprised i will definitely return food is also good btw only thing i dont like are the egg rolls no biggie though go in and enjoy some panda
2	I love Panda Express but this location is starting to piss me off.  I have no problem with the food or the indoor experience.  My biggest problem is with the drive thru.  I've probably gone through the drive-thru around 20 times and I would say at least 8 times my order was wrong.  Most of the time I get the wrong type of chicken on my 2 entree plate although the ordering screen shows exactly what I ordered.  It's beyond maddening at this point.  I'll just have to go in every time or just stop going there at all.  Just happened today (4/28) which lead me to post this.
4	i love that they have a drive thru and very fast service
1	if I could give this place a NEGATIVE star I would! I ordered the Shanghai Beef, was told it would be 1.00 more, they "padded" it with a HUGE pile of kung pau chicken. This was for my 3 year old, I saw the beef on top, gave him his food...then I heard SCREAMING!!!!!!!!! He bit into a pepper....REAL nice Panda REAL nice
2	Time my colleague and I walked into Panda - between 12:05-12:10pmTime on my receipt - 12:33:26PM  My colleague and I get there to find a line backed up to the door.  Now, at the other PE that I've been to (on 40th/Thomas), this isn't a problem.  The 40th/Thomas location moves people.  This Old Town/South Scottsdale location on the other hand assumes people don't have anywhere to be or that no one that comes in on their lunch hour.  There was plenty of food on the line (at least plenty of what we were going to order) so waiting on the "kitchen" to get out food was not an issue.   We stood in line waiting to get up to the counter.  We stood in line waiting to pay for our food.  There's no excuse for there to be 3 or 4 people on the line jumping over one another to fill orders when there is only 1 person at the cash register.  And about 95% of the time, the person at the cash register was also filing orders.  I think the people that work the food/customer line are in need of training.  Cause it was a total cluster-fuck.  And, if a customer's order is on hold cause what they want is being cooked, how about take the people that have a complete order and ring them up and get them out the door.  Thank goodness my next work meeting wasn't until 1pm.  I doubt I'll return.
3	After seeing a lot of negative reviews on this location I figured I would check it out my self. Today I went through the drive through around 12 or so for lunch. In other reviews people were complaining about workers being rude and lines taking forever. There was only one car in front of us and the young lady that took my order was not rude at all. However I would agree that they may need to work on some training for the newer employees especially if they are taking orders. The girl seemed a bit flustered and was repeating the order wrong.However she made up for it when I got to the window and double checked in the containers to make sure everything was correct. Over all the portions were generous the service was good and apparently on Sundays there's next to no lines.I tried the new samurai surf and turf with the grilled teriyaki chicken and it was actually quite delicious. I would recommend this place and the new samurai surf and turf.Thanks,CC
1	I got food poisoning from eating dinner here last night. Horrible! I had half chow mein/fried rice, orange chicken, and black pepper chicken with side of teriyaki sauce. And interesting that everyone I mention to that I ate at Panda Express and am now sick was not surprised!! Already 2 people said someone they know has gotten food poisoning from Panda before. Not gonna eat it ever again! Ugh
5	I have never had less than great service here. They are friendly, fast and accurate. I will say that there have been a few times when I couldn't understand what they were trying to say, especially at the drive thru- but as a whole, I have no complaints....well, except when I ask for ice tea and they omit the ice...but just means more tea for me. I love their iced tea...
4	We decided to have a movie + Chinese food takeout date night, so we gave this panda a try. Food were fresh. The staff were friendly and offered us samples. Waiting time not too long. Nothing to complain.Will come back for sure!
1	Had lunch with two of my friends on 3/13/14 at this location at 3:30pm  Two of us including myself got incredibly sick. We are in town for business. After our meal little did we know that the next 36hrs we would both experience the worst episode of sickness in our lives.  We are middle aged men.  It was the food and we are NOT happy about this.  I am simply notifying the restaurant and consumers for their safety.
1	Came by last night with my boyfriend, and as usual the employees have closed up shop by 9:30 (although the restaurant is open until ten) and so we decided to try the drive thru. Big mistake. It's now 11:43 the following day and he's currently lying here off work, ill in front of me. It was within an hour of eating but half the meal, that he was vomiting, and didn't sleep at all throughout the night. Wish these stars could go negative. Beyond the unprofessional and completely lazy staff, THE FOOD iS NOT BEING KEPT AT TEMP! PEOPLE ARE GETTING SICK! BEWARE! And to the night staff of this establishment - you should be reprimanded or fired for your carelessness. He's pointed out after reading the recent reviews that he's not the first to get sick for your simple minded laziness and low self standards.
2	Ive loved Panda Express ever since I was little for their great tasting food. But one visit at this location had me having second thoughts. The food had absolutely no taste to it. It was a bit disturbing when my kung pao had the same plain taste as my orange chicken. It was the first time I didn't clean my plate at Panda. As I moved on to my fortune cookie with the hope of at least a good ending to my horrible visit, as my luck would have it there was no fortune inside my cookie! That visit definitely has had me not return to Panda, even to their other locations with the fear of the same experience.
4	Well the food is panda express quality. My girlfriend and i used their drive through. The staff were super friendly and helpful and worked with us and helped us pick a delicious (probably not so healthy) dinner.
1	Alert: Possible Food Poisoning.While the staff is friendly and the food is actually quite good. I've now had diarrhea twice from this place. While its possible it was the spices, not ruling out uncleanliness given the past reviewers.
