1	They are only open in the summer 10 AM - 2 PM.  Finally I get out of my office during those times to satisfy my smoothie craving.  Got there at 1:50 PM.  The employee says, "HELLO! We are CLOSED."  I say, "It is 1:50.  You close at 2."She says, "SORRY, It is 2 on my clock."I say, "It does not take 10 minutes to make a smoothie."She says, "WE ARE CLOSED."I say, "You are RUDE."Then I go to Starbucks, get excellent, friendly service from every barista and a passion tea lemonade cheaper than any smoothie.  No more jamba for me.  EVER.
1	This place still aggravates me.  I have been giving it more chances since my coworker is addicted to Orange Dream Machines.  The lines are huge so my review is fruitless (no pun intended) in any efforts to slow down business, but the cashiers stall taking orders while the line mounts, and hardly any smoothies are being made.  Today Eric R. furnished me with a buy one get one free coupon.  It only says "not honored in Vons locations" yet the incompetent cashier refused to honor it.She did not even know how to use the register.  The poor guy in front of me overpaid by $2 but she refused to listen to him try to get some money back.  Then the guy making smoothies told her she rang it up wrong, but they still did not refund him the money.I was stewing when the coupon was denied, so my coworker ordered first.  Then I ordered.  Then the cashier decides to ignore us and chat with employees when I am trying to pay.  Then after a lenghty wait time, they only made my coworker's smoothie and not mine.  I had to wait for them to make a few other people's before I got mine.I am positive they have honored coupons in the past.  I find solace in the fact that Tropical Smoothie Cafe has kiwi on their menu so I can go there and get my smoothie fix without aggravation.
2	The only thing this Jamba Juice has going for it is its location. As a UNLV student and a lover of Jamba Juice I was super excited to find out there was a Jamba on campus.  But to my great disappointment it is terrible.The quality of the product is mediocre. The service is horrendous. I always seem to be helped (or lack there of) by the same guy and I truly do not understand what his problem is. If he is not being blatantly rude, he is occupying his time ignoring the myself and other customers. The other workers there seem to be completely miserable and get rather offended if you ask them a question. The location is overall confusing. I understand that they do not have much room to work with, however, it NEVER fails that when I go in there most of the customers have a confused look on their face and no one working will take the time to direct them to where the line starts and where they should wait to get their drink.
3	I'm a smoothie freak, and as a vegetarian this is one of the best options in the Student Union for a meal. Now that's it's October, it's time to make my pilgrimage to Jamba Juice for the Pumpkin Smash smoothie, my most favorite smoothie in the world!I've had a few annoying but not terrible mistakes happen at this location. Once an employee punctured the bottom of my cup (not sure how that happened), which I didn't notice until a few minutes later when the smoothie began to melt. That made me a sad, Matcha Green Tea Blast stained panda. Another time I ordered a Power, the employee mistakenly put it in an Original and then realized her mistake when the pitcher still contained my smoothie. She then clumsily dumped the smoothie from the cup into a larger one, spilling it on the side and ineffectually wiping it up, so my cup was sticky.That being said, the employees seem to have improved in the last year (or maybe it's the time of day I went there), and I haven't had any incidents recently. If you don't want to wait in line for more than 5-10 minutes and another 5-10 minutes to receive your order, I strongly suggest you don't go there when classes have just let out during the day. This means 11:15am, 12:45pm, 2:15pm, 3:45pm and 5:15pm are usually crowded.They are now apparently closed during the summer, which seems like a terrible idea. There's nothing better than an cool smoothie when it's 114 degrees outside!
4	I am usually in need of my Mango-A-Go-Go fix at least twice a week. I usually stop by Jamba Juice in the evenings when the lines are short or non-existent. During the day, no matter where you go the lines in the Student Union are long. However, in the evening, in between class and meetings, I enjoy some fruity goodness and I have only waited longer then usual once. That was because there was only one person out front and he was making the smoothies and could not take my order just yet. Any other time though, there are two people at least working and I get my smoothie in a timely manner. I also know I am a regular since this last time I came, the guy said, " Let me guess, Mango-A-Go-Go with orange sherbet instead of pineapple?" Very well done sir! He got my usual and I was on my way to slurping mango-delicious in my 3 hour long meeting. I think the staff has improved tremendously over the years here at UNLV, and I should know, I have been here 4 years now. Like I said, you cannot blame them for the lines, because M-Th, no matter where you go in the SU, the lines are always long.
3	As someone who spends more time than they care at the UNLV SU, I've sampled all the fares. Jamba, Panda, Metro... I've had them all. Sometimes Jamba is the best place to go is, and sometimes it isn't. Still, I find myself there about once a week. Why, you ask? Because...See, Jamba has pretty good stuff. Though I don't have a favorite like Kayla W, nor am I vegetarian like Stephanie T, I just like their stuff. It tastes good and cools you down on a hot day, too. Plus I usually go in the evenings right before class (what's up, UNLV MBA?!) so the lines are short. And sometimes I come to class right after work so I'm starving, and taking Jamba into class is better/faster than taking a Panda bowl into class. So it works as my meals, too. Having said that, this place has the worst service ever. They've messed up my order on numerous occasions. Once they mixed up my smoothie and gave me something similar, but I was in a hurry so I took it and left. Then they messed up my friend's order, and we had to wait while they fixed it for her. On one occasion, they messed up the guy's ahead of me order and he threw a fit and walked out, so I took his smoothie... the one time their error has worked to my benefit. Like other people have pointed out, they're the worst about charging you right. It doesn't seem so hard as the registers seem like the kind I bought my 4-yr old cousin for Christmas. Seriously, guys...All in all, I'll continue coming here. I like their stuff, and their errors are not deal-breakers.
3	This location can be a mad house. There are times when I will look at the line and walk away. I love me some Jamba Juice, but this location has a limited menu which does not include my Berry Upbeet. I usually am the first in line when they open to insure that I get my drink and leave. Otherwise I will just wait and go down the street to the one on Russell and Eastern on my way home.
4	This place always seems to have a really long line, but they are really quick when making those smoothies!Downsides: Whenever I get the 16 berry topper, it's really like a 12 oz because they overload it with granola (sad)I wish they opened at 9 or 9:30am! It's such a bummer when I'm craving a Jamba on my way to class at 10 but I can't get it until after.
1	So terrible! My Caribbean passion was so watery, and flavorless! I'm pretty sure they forgot to put some ingredients in there, it just tastes terrible. I wish there was a zero star option.
4	I normally see a long line here, but we are on college campus. The employees were ok in service, when I use to work jamba it was always about fun and happy, they didn't really know their sizes in cups, but they were friendly. I ordered my all fruit strawberry wirl with whey, it tasted like how it should be. I'm glad there was no line because I needed my jam a fix!!!
