5	Ready to pack my bags and start my new life as a fly on the wall in this fantastic establishment I stumbled upon completely by accident. It all started when 2 non-yelpers (the nerve!) and I were a touch under the weather (re: hungover) and driving around aimlessly looking for a place to have a boozy brunch up in North Phoenix. It was literally by the grace of God that we were brought to Gino's. According to my GPS, we had arrived at Ollie's Omlette House. After our retarded asses drove around an empty complex for god knows how long, we finally all agreed upon the fact that Ollie's Omlette house was no more and Gino's had taken it's place. No longer willing to drive another foot, we decided to walk in to Gino's and give it a shot.How freakin pumped were we that we did?!? I'm actually going against my better judgment even telling you about the goldmine that is Gino's, because at first I was tempted to keep this treasure trove all to my greedy little self. However, in the spirit of Yelp, I've decided to share.Upon first glance of Gino's, it looks like a little beat up diner with a bunch of New York paraphernalia scattered all over the walls in the most depressingly dead shopping complex I have ever seen. I'm talking closed store after closed store after closed store. Thankfully, the depressing exterior dissipates the second you walk in. The entire staff is laughing, joking around, coming over to the tables and sharing their war stories from the night before, friendly as all hell and straight up hilarity.The prices were retarded cheap. My entire breakfast, which consisted of eggs, bacon, hash browns and toast was $3.99. Three freakin dollars and 99 cents!! Cheaper than Denny's/IHOP and other look alikes...oh, and I could order a big fat cocktail with it. Not beer, not wine, liquor baby. WIN!!!Upon further examination, I saw that they had insane specials like my breakfast going on every single day/night of the week. Like Thursday night Ladies Night which consists of $1 you call-its for the ladies. Be honest, how long has it been since you've heard of a bar doing dollar you call-its?? A long ass time, that's for sure. But that's not where it ends. I want to say Monday night was some crazy thing like $3.99 all you can eat pasta and Wednesday nights were $7.99 half rack of ribs night or something ludicrous like that.The best part of this all, even better than the rock bottom food and drink prices, was that the food was actually pretty darn tasty and the drinks were poured STRONG! The owner Gino came over and hung out and shot the shit with us for a while during our brunch, telling us about a couple parties he's hosted there, including NYE where he provided transportation to and from the bar for every single patron, regardless of where they live and completely free of charge. How's that for some old-fashioned hospitality? I am calling it now. This is my new Cheers. This bar/restaurant embodies everything I feel like most places I frequent lack. Good people, good food, good drinks all at a price I can actually afford?? I always thought places like this were just rumor and too good to be true, but Gino's, you've made a believer out of me.
5	The owner greeted me at my car door with a giant umbrella to escort me inside the restaurant while it was raining...ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Georgie S. wasn't kidding when she said this place is a fantastic establishment. Its totally in a shitty strip mall and from the outside looks like an old greasy diner, but let me tell you friends, looks can certainly be deceiving, and in this instance, they totally 100% completely are. I visited last Sunday on the rainiest day in the universe. The first thing I saw when I walked in was a bowl of Jelly Bellys, and if you know anything about me, you know I love me some jelly beans. Spoon full for me, Handful for you. We asked for a booth, so they quickly got one ready and seated us, all the while shooting the shit and laughing with us about something or other. They have this whole New York theme going which made me happy reminiscing on my days living in the city. Sports memorabilia, license plates, photos and everything else you can think of that represents The Empire State were hanging or scattered around. The menu is out of this world. $3 mimosa's & BM's.. full bar, everything from Hot Dogs to Breakfast Burritos to Turkey Subs to Philly cheese steaks and so on and so on.. a little piece of everything you'd find from a street vendor in NYC.. and that by no means is a shot at their food. New York City vendors sell some of the most delicious culinary creations in the universe. Our waiter was super attentive and of course, I asked him what his favorite thing was. Bam. The Philly Cheese Steak, so I order one. This bitch of a sandwich was HUGE. It was like a Philly Cheese mountain, and holy cheesy steaky mushroomy oniony Batman it was delicious. Georgie S. was clearly being a fat kid that day and proceeded to order 4 things. Chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, a hot dog and, dammit, I don't remember the last thing. The Canadian went with the most boring thing on menu and got bacon and eggs.. But what does he know? Canada is useful only to provide me with furs and I don't even wear that shit anyway, so I guess that means its really good for nothing. (just kidding. (not really)). Everything was tasty and perfect for the hangovers we were all battling. This place is nothing fancy and is certainly not crap. I loved everything about it from start to finish, including the bill, which was about $40 for 3 people including 2 drinks each. Not bad Gino's. Not bad at all. See you soon, rain or shine!
5	Forgive me. Im typing on my droid. This place has some of the best burgers around. Thick n juicy. The staff was extremely pleasant and seemed like they cared. Its off the beatten path and next to a closed down strip mall, but dont legt that fool ya. Its worth a 20 minute drive to eat here. Prices are cheap. Visit is a must
1	Horrible service. Below average food. We were duped by other obviously fake reviews. I cannot give any fewer stars than one star.To start with, the service was very slow -- despite the restaurant being half empty.  The waitress seemed to be unable to organize anything.  The food:  The gyro was dry, only the most minuscule amount of sauce was on it.  the lettuce/tomato was not fresh, and the tomato was under ripe.  There was no onion, the pita bread was not fresh either.  The chicken was dry -- tasted like wood. My friend had the spaghetti with meatballs.  The sauce was watery.The bathroom was dirty.The floor was dirty in the restaurant.NO GO.
5	As a parent, I am always looking for a place that can allow my husband and I to have a great meal along with our children being distracted and content. My kids are very loud and I hate places where the staff glares at you any time the laughing is too loud.Hello, paradise found?If you are looking for a kid-friendly restaurant with adult-friendly options (mimosas and bloody marys) this is the best place for you! My husband and I come here every Saturday morning for brunch and always leave with more toys than we came in with.Each time we come to the restaurant, we are warmly greated. Our children, ages 1 and 3.5 are given a toy to have/play with and coloring books. The kids LOVE it here.If you have a big family with big appetites, they have this family breakfast that says it serves 3-4 and it really serves 5-6. It is huge and has everything you could think of wanting and is ONLY 20 DOLLARS. The food is always eggscellent:) and the staff are always eager to help, if at times discombobulated. I do want to mention that I have come for dinner once and did not have as enjoyable of an experience. Breakfast and lunch are preferred.
4	It has been a long time since I have bothered to come on Yelp to rate something, but I really have to weigh in on Gino's.  I recently moved to North Scottsdale and finding this place has been one of the best parts of the move.  Everything I have ordered has been delicious and I have never left feeling that gross OMG I just ate WAY too much and now I will pay for it feeling...and I have ate WAY too much here.  Their marinara, aka gravy, is great.  Their hoagie rolls are wonderful.  I think the only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because every time I order an import beer the price changes.On top of all that I mentioned they have daily specials as well as  poker, karaoke, open mic, massages, jello shots, meat loaf and ribs.  Seriously, what more do you need???  If you need more than that, stay in old town and leave Gino's to us.
1	We read the reviews and gave it a try. The atmosphere is fine and nobody was rude at all.  The service was good but the menu was not.  They were completely out of meat. Anything we tried to order was not available so we had to settle for a grilled cheese and fried fish.  Both were very, very greasy.  The bread tasted like old oil and the fish was dripping with grease.  We will not go back to give this place another try and will not recommend it to anyone.  One of the waitresses may come across rude but she is playing as far as I could tell.  To go is taking a chance.
1	Ummm... I don't know where to start. We went for a birthday dinner party on a Friday night and the only good(?) thing I can say is that this place like to "party". The music was bumpin at barely 8:30pm. Trivia, poker, name that tune... Too bad the food sucks, service sucks, and the clientele are straight out of a b movie. Someone had a puppet. ... not joking. After letting our server know our large group needed more time deciding what to order, we were left alone for an eternity before we had to ask another server to go find ours so we could order. I tried to order something relatively safe in their "big salad". How bad can you screw up a salad? The lettuce was not fresh, the chicken on top was dried out, and it wasn't even "big" as was promised. You couldn't pay me to step foot in this place again. The dj did get our relatively conservative birthday boy to do a body shot on the bar with his wife though, so 10 points for him!
4	After having several bad establishments at this location I was very hesitant to give Gino's a try. Luckily my curiosity got the better of me and I finally took a chance... and my husband and I have been regulars there ever since. This is not your boring chain establishment. Gino's is a fun and friendly neighborhood eatery and bar. They have poker most nights and dart tournaments, trivia contests, ladies nights with champagne and massages on other nights. Even during their 'quiet times' the staff is fun and friendly and always makes our visit a pleasure.... and then there's the food. I've been going there for a few months now and have made it a point to try different things. I've only been disappointed in two items and one of those was just a personal preference. (The french bread pizza didn't have enough sauce and wasn't cooked enough even after being sent back. The meat loaf is not what I am used to with its brown gravy. I'm a ketchup meat loaf kinda gal so it wasn't what I expected... but it wasn't too bad.) The portions are always more than enough and the prices are always much less than you'd expect.There are two reasons that I didn't give them a 5 star rating... they rarely have all of the desserts listed on the menu (and there aren't that many) and they have a NO FIREARMS sign out front. All in all, Gino's is doing one heck of a great job!
2	I'm trying to venture out to new places, so when a groupon came up for Gino's, I bought it - its in my neighborhood.   We went at 6:30 pm on St. Patty's day.  The place was packed, but the server said that it was a fairly normal night.   A server ran by as we stood at the door and shouted at us to take an open table.  The place was terribly noisy with clientele that were, um, less than classy.   All of the servers were running around crazy and it all seemed very disorganized (I am a server myself, so I tend to be more critical, of course).   The food was awful.  I had the meat loaf, and it was unlike any meat I've ever had.   My mom had the chicken parmesan which was fair at best.   The spaghetti noodles were crunchy!   The one redeeming factor would be that the food was plentiful and inexpensive - at least it would be a redeeming factor if the food, service, or atmosphere was any good.    Sorry, Gino.  Even at half price, it wasn't worth it for us.
2	The best thing about this place is 24 hour delivery.  However, there is always at least one thing messed up with my order.  They just don't seem to pay attention when you order.  The order I just received was supposed to have hash browns with my burrito and I got home fries.  I do enjoy their breakfast so I will probably order again but I just need to make sure they read my order back to me before I hang up...
4	Home cooking.  Family atmosphere.  Open late (and early).It's not a fancy place, but I like it a lot.  I'd much rather give my money to a local family restaurant than to a chain.
4	Characters welcome.Leave your attitude, designer this-that-and-the-other, and aspirations of Fusion-anything behind and get your "down-low" on at Gino's!This place reminds me of the kind of mom-and-pop joints that were around when we were growing up.  Old-school diner where young and old mingled.  The kind of place where people might go out for a few cocktails, and order their kids a coupla Shirley Temples.  The kind of place where folks would send their kids over to pick up a pack of smokes, and the proprietor would let 'em buy it out of the machine.  There are no false pretenses, no aspirations to be something "fancy".  It's a standard-issue  cafe with one heckuva menu, a bar serving Standards, and a lot of people playing cards, eating and drinking.   That's right! another thing about those mom-and-pop joints-- they have REAL EATS!  Not something pre-prepped and dropped off by Sysco.  No, this is food that they actually MAKE- on site!  Shocking, I know, but it's true, I tell you!I've been twice now. Once with another couple for an impromptu drink and some appetizers, and another time with my husband and 3 kids.  The place bustles with an assortment of humanity.  The tatted up grandson taking his grandma out for a poker night, helping her with her oxygen tank.  The guy in a suit having a drink with a friend.  Come-as-you-are neighborhood folk coming in for a really good dinner.  Mix dive bar with Andy Griffith's BlueBird diner, and you got the crowd mix.We had the same waitress both times- she is friendly, attentive, and makes great recommendations if you are befuddled by the many choices available.  They make their own marinara, and other sauces by the way.Appetizers are stellar.  Drinks are cheap.  Sandwiches are awesome.  My husband had the night special Pork Chop dinner and they were delicious.  Poor guy lost one to the kids "sampling"  it every chance they got.  Generous cut chops, seasoned well, with veggie sides that someone put some thought into preparing.  Appetizer run-down:  The wings are SPECTACULAR.  The garlic wings and teriyaki honey wings are definitely worth a shot, and I never would have tried them without a recommendation from the waitress.  I don't order fried mozzarella sticks, but on both visits we ended up with them and they really are good here.  The onion rings and mushrooms are evil-good, and they make their own ranch dip.To assuage my deep-fried overload, I ordered a green salad.  Big ol' salad, loaded with fresh everything, homemade-tasting blue cheese dressing and a piece of perfectly seasoned boneless skinless chicken breast.  My kids even picked at MY food!  Among other things on our family table was "The Bronx Bomber" an Italian sausage sandwich with sweet peppers and onions, on good bread.  The "Pacino" sandwich was also quite tasty- Ham, Genoa, Capicola, Provolone, lettuce, tomato & onion.  Sweet potato fries were an option the kids couldn't refuse, and they were worthy of an encore.  And folks, they are actually COOKING your food, so it doesn't show up 30 seconds after you order.  But it isn't a snail's pace, so no need to get worked up.  Prices are fair, and everyone leaves happy.  And a to-go box, as servings are spectacularly large.They have a couple dart boards, some video trivia, and live music rolls in later in the evening.   If you are up in the 'hood round 32nd St. and E Thunderbird, stop on in and give Gino's a try.
5	I love Gino's! Me and my girlfriend will eat and drink there for hours and our tab will always be around $30. Try the wings or a quesadilla.
1	Aweful!!! A/C wasn't working while it was 110 degrees outside. The inside reaked of smoke since every door was opened. Seemed like every worker smoked. The food was below average and the cooks looked rather shady. My daughter's hot dog bun was a bit chewy as if it were sitting out for a while. The waitress brought us watered down ketchup. And, worst of all, the waitress took my daughter and wife's food away before they were finished while they were in the bathrooms that used shower curtains as stall doors. In fact my wife didn't even get to try her meal before it was taken since we'd split a dish. I'd cut the sandwich in half, so it did look like it was half eaten. But at least ask if we're done!  I wonder if she thought it was weird that a sandwich was cut perfectly in half as she took it. Lastly, the manager tried to get my daughter to finish all of her food (prior to the bathroom break) by bribing her with ice cream. They bring it out after taking her food away and we find chocolate chips in it. My daughter has a peanut allergy and only certain brands are processed no where near peanuts. The lady had no idea what kind of chocolate chips they were yet insisted they were peanut free. She's obviously unaware about peanut allergies. BL: the area is shady, the place is uncomfortable, the food is below average, and the service is by far the worst I've ever experienced.
2	Gino's is exactly "Meh. I've experienced better." Husband and I showed up late on a Friday, hungry for someplace new. There were several people playing darts, a few guys playing cards at a table, and a couple other tables of diners. We were greeted promptly and the waitress took our drink orders while we skimmed the menu. The menu is quite extensive, and I had trouble deciding what to order...it all sounded so good! I finally decided on Gino's Grilled Cheesie (grilled cheese+bacon+ham+grilled onions+grilled tomatoes) and husband chose the Blazing Saddles burger (chili & cheddar). Both with fries and a pickle spear. Our order took forever to be prepared. After waiting a while, the waitress refilled our drinks and explained that there were 2 delivery orders ahead of ours. That was okay, but didn't help the hunger any! I enjoyed my sandwich in all it's ooey gooey crunchy salty cheesey yumminess. Husband was not happy with his burger. The "homestyle butt kicken' chili" was a disappointment by lacking any good flavor; although he said the burger patty itself was good. Also, the fries were pretty horrible. They looked dark, sad and soggy, and tasted just as bad. The overall vibe of the place was good, and I liked my sandwich, so we may return, but with different choices. The menu is huge, so I am optimistic that there are some other tasty finds.
4	The good news is they moved to across the street this week, if they hadn't I couldn't have given them 4 stars since the old place had serious AC problems. July isn't the time you want to have AC problems.  The new place is a lot better and the food is good if you are looking for nothing fancy but good ol' American food. I had the Philly Cheesesteak and it was awesome.
5	Gino's lasagna...wowie!!!!  The piece is SO big that I ate half and took the other half home.  Good eatin' tomorrow, too.  And the taste?  Fantabulous!!!  This is as good as it gets with homemade lasagna and worth the trip from the West side to get.The lasagna came with some semi-wilted lettuce and Caeser dressing, and it was ok.  Big serving of this, too.The pizza, on the other hand, is some factory made cardboard stuff and definitely a do not order if you know what pizza should taste like.  Just a hint to Gino:  dump that pizza vendor!If I were giving stars to the pizza it would have to be 2, but to the lasagna it goes all the way to a 5 star, baby!!!!The ever efficient waitresses there--and 3 helped me at the change of shift--suggested trying the homemade cheesecake next time.  I'm sure I will, because--despite promising my Dr. to lose weight--I am weak, weak, weak and just love good cheesecake.  Sigh...Don't expect this place to be Duh Ritz.  It's just your average looking used mom and pop restaurant.  Nuttin' fancy...but the lasagna...........and maybe the cheesecake.
1	This place recently moved across the street so I figured I would give it another shot but it still sucks. Blood Mary was nasty, hash browns terrible, my sons eggs were severed in a bowl his strawberry pancakes were severed with watery starwberry's in a bowl and my girl got sick right after we left! I think another said! If I could put a minus 1 I would! PS prepare to fight off the fly's (Not bar ones) !
1	This place does not even deserve one star, pure filth.  If you like flys, dirt, grease, bad drinks and even worse food give this place a try.  Where is Chef Ramsey when you need him.
1	this place is really bad even though they moved into a new building.
2	We have been going here for about 6 months so my review is based on the decline of the food.  Our first visits were fabulous.  Wonderful breakfasts and lunches.  My husband loves the eggs benedict but my fave was the chicken fried steak breakfast.  Gino's has recently moved across the street to a new location so there have been some growing pains but when we took our daughter for a Sunday breakfast and she became sick there are some serious problems that need to be addressed.  She ordered the chicken fried steak, ate some, and then asked us if this is what we had raved about.  We tried it, it was disgusting, the waiter was questioned and when he checked with the kitchen was told that the frozen patties that they use had defrosted during the move and were refrozen and then thawed and served again.  Apologies all around but the damage was done for her. They continue to offer some serious specials to attract customers so we keep giving it the old college try.  One of the big problems that they don't need to have is with the french fries.  Six months ago they were some of the best around.  Apparently their vendor jacked the price and they decided to do it on their own.  The last 3  or 4 months they have switched to a 'fresh' approach and cut and fry fresh potatoes.  The problem is that they don't know how to do it  and you get a glop of gooey junk.  We have complained to little result. Fresh cut potatoes need to have a 2 step process for success and they just don't get it.  The burgers are usually good but who wants a side of cottage cheese with it because they can't make decent fries?  When your server warns you off of the fries it's bad news.  After several visits we feel like the owner is more focused on the bar and darts, poker, etc and the food has become an afterthought.  When we went there for lunch today (greasy patty melt and a pretty good club sandwich...lousy fries again) we were informed that they are now open 24 hours on weekends.  Good luck with that.  The owner needs to decide if he wants to be a bar with food or a restaurant with a bar.  There seem to be a lot of the same people hanging around the bar at lunchtime.  Customers, hang-arounds, employees with nothing to do?  It's a very weird vibe.  The menu is huge.  Maybe they need to cut it in half and do a better job at a few things than a bad job on many.  The servers are great and energetic, but it's sad that they always seem so ready to apologize and recognize the failures.  Gino's needs to focus on food quality NOW.
1	I think that Gino's is going to get one star today. I went there after a DBacks game with four friends. It's was almost 10:00 on a Saturday night and there were some folks in the bar, wrapping up power and singing karaoke. I'm going to make it short and say that everyone had a problem with their food. The portions were either too small or didn't look good. Nobody really finished what they ordered. My sandwich was an really small bread slices, not the "Texas Toast" advertised int he menu. The lettuce was wilty and the cold cuts tasted like something from a government food program. One of my friends was on the bowl all night after having an omelet. The service was pretty bad. She was slow and didn;t handle refills at all. Everything came out one at a time. Personally, I had my side dish come out about 15 minutes before my sandwich. As I was starting in, everyone else was finishing up. The waitress was nice enough to split the checks, but my bill for two had an extra $22 item on it that we didn't order. A table close by was overheard discussing the same extra charge.  Sorry, Gino. It's not happening.
3	A small neighborhood Italian resurant and bar.  I fully enjoyed their bloody mary mix, they make the mix in house and it's excellent.  The hash browns are good and crispy, and they offer a breakfast buffet if you want to try a bit of everything.  Their version of the chicken parm sandwich is pretty good, I could order that agian any day.  The burgers are big and messy, but they still over cook the meat no matter how you ask for it done.  The staff is very friendly and good at entertaining children.
3	3.5 Stars!!A couple of months back,  Gino's moved their a new location that happens to be very close to me.  After driving by day after day, I decided it was time to to give Gino's a try.  I read some Yelp reviews, looked up the menu online, then called in a take out order for a burger and a sandwich.  Fast forward thirty minutes and we were ready to dig in to our Memphis Mo Jo burger and Steinbrenner sandwich.  The burger was large and covered with an ample portions of chili, bacon and barbecue sauce (among other things).  It was delicious but decidedly overcooked.  The Steinbrenner (chicken parmesan) sandwich was wonderful.  The chicken cutlet was enormous and was smothered with the perfect quantity of red gravy (marinara) and cheese.  Four stars for takeout!The night wore on, we imbibed in a few adult beverages and some music at Joe's.  The next morning I woke with a headache that only a big breakfast could cure.  Gino's to the rescue!  Only 16 hours after our previous Gino's fix, we were out the door for round two.  We were seated promptly, but there was nothing else prompt about our meal.  Service was flat-out slow!  It was very busy and they were pitifully understaffed.  We ordered two bloody mary's, two waters and a glass of apple juice mixed with water.  The bloody's arrived in a reasonable amount of time, and they were awesome!  The waters and the juice for daughter didn't arrive for about ten minutes.  My husband's Eggs Benedict was delicious.  The breakfast buffet was hit or miss.  Biscuits, gravy, pancakes, french toast, bacon, ham, scrambled eggs, hash browns, home fries (and possibly a few items I have forgotten) were offered. The bacon, ham, and hash browns were hits for me.  In fact the bacon was wonderful, and I ate far more than I would ever admit....ever. :)  My daughter love the french toast and eggs. The biscuits were dry, hard and would have been more useful as hockey pucks.  The gravy was dull and lifeless.  The pancakes were reminiscent of the thin, flavorless, hot cakes offered at the golden arches.  Despite being shorthanded, the staff was friendly, and did their best to keep the table service moving.  Three stars for breakfast.I will be back for the awesome bloody mary's,  perfectly crispy bacon, and the unbeatable prices!
3	FYI...Gino's Coast to Coast has been closed since mid-October due to Gino's health problems.  There were originally only planning to be closed for two weeks, but they have yet to reopen (2 months later).  Definitely call before you come to make sure it is open.  Hope you are getting well, Gino!
