4	We stopped in here randomly for some wine and appetizers. We can a great, reasonably priced reisling, and decent cheese and pork terrine. Very cute place to have a glass of wine on st. denise. Also pretty reasonable.
4	Les Cavistes care about wine. Really care. If you you attend one of their tasting events, you can hear one of the cavistes speak eloquently about their passion at great length. They know their stuff. Their wine list is full of carefully selected private imports, with an excellent by-the-glass selection. And you can even buy bottles to take home. They also make some tasty tapas and bistro-style meals, but it's the wine list that's the real star here. It's a great place to try an unusual wine you can't get at the SAQ. And the quite reasonable prices make Les Cavistes a real diamond in the wine markup rough.
4	I liked the overall experience here. It's a good place to sample a variety of wines that are not available at the SAQ. If you order by the glass they present the bottle at the table and give you a little taste before they generously fill the glass. Our table of three tried five differentwines. All of which were way above average. The food was quite good. Thought he Magret de Canard was terrific ;swimming in a bold and very tasty red wine reduction. Oysters three ways were fresh and flavorful and fun to enjoy with a nice glass of dry Spanish wine that I never heard of. Our server was kind and attentive. Surprisingly, there wasn't any wine snobbery attitude at this place... I think they just want you to eat,drink, and be merry. Not too bad on the wallet either about $60-70 per person all in.
4	Ate here with my partner, my sister, and her boyfriend. All of us love wine, but none of us are super knowledgeable, so we were a bit nervous to order the wine at a restaurant like this. To our pleasant surprise, our experience was similar to Brian C.'s in that we found no wine snobbery at all. Our server was very happy to advise us and answered all of our questions without making us feel bad. I cannot remember exactly which wines we ordered, but I do remember they were very nice. For food, we ordered the Leather and Feather and the Charcuterie Platter, to start. Both were delicious! The Charcuterie Platter had a very nice selection and very reasonable portions (not teeny tiny like I've had at other places). I would go back just for that! We all very much enjoyed our main courses (2 had lamb, 1 cod, and 1 steak). And to finish off, we shared the Mignardises Platter. Tiny little deserts, just the right size to have a little taste without exploding. The prices are ok, not overpriced, but not cheap either. The atmosphere is also ok. We at no time felt rushed and very much enjoyed a leisurely meal, but the place was not full on a Friday night. When I go out on a Friday night in Montreal, I expect it to be a little more hustley-bustley, but it was nice to really be able to chat with my dinner companions. Will absolutely go back, if not for a full meal, then for a nice glass of wine, the charcuterie platter, and the teeny tiny mignardises.
