1	They are located at Sherbrooke & Parc and they say that delivery to Mont Royal & St Denis is 'way too far!': Spicy Noodle; you are officially on my shit list.
1	Huge menu of approximately 160 dishes to choose. Actually the way this restaurant works is to use about 10 different sauces to stir-fry different combinations of meat and vegetables. There is no taste in their food, and the meat is not fresh. In addition, their kitchen's sanitation is a strong problem, I wouldn't recommend this place.
4	I really really like their general tao chicken. It's moisty and crunchy and affordable. The rice is a little too dry for my taste. They make very good peanut butter dumplings too :) i recommend this place for a quick bite to eat :)
2	Finally Yelp has approved this page as I tried to review them last year. This is the closest Chinese place to me and I've been using them for a little over a year now. I am not fond of the general shopping area location which always smells like a mixture of cleaning chemicals and popcorn from Cinema du Parc. The wonton soup is alright but I prefer a beef broth to the chicken one which I think they use. Otherwise, the food is greasy and more than I'd like to pay. In the chicken with broccoli, you can literally see the oil in the sauce. Portions are also too big, share if you are going to order one of the main dishes, but this tends to be typical of Chinese places. You can dine there but you'll be sitting very close to the counter and if you come there at night, you will be sitting close to the hobos who come into the shopping area from outside. I have yet to find Chinese food (and pizza) that I like in Montreal and I suppose I will continue the search which has proved futile. Chinese food and pizza is one of the reasons I will be moving back to New York next year.
5	Pretty good stuff for the price, and orders are pretty fast, they delievered the stuff with 20 minutes, not bad. I always go there whenever I'm grocery shoppng. I love their dumplings, especially the shrimp one. Good stuff!
4	My bf and i have been here several times since we moved here two weeks ago and i have not disliked anything we've had thus far.  Very basic Chinese food, all the normal things you would expect to find. The entrees are very savory and dense, and the portion sizes are very good for the price. I was surprised to see they deliver and I'll definitely be utilizing that service during the colder months.
5	My favourite Asian fast-food restaurant. I love the staff that works here. They always have a smile on their faces and that provides me with a sense of warmth. The food is really warm too! My favourite dishes are Pad Thai and Fried Rice. There was one time my food was too salty, they gave me a new one forthwith!
