2	on two yearly vistits, the doctor was helpful & informative. she seems to try hard in her business. however, on several calls & visits to the office, i found her office assistant, chip, to be consistently short, rude, and somewhat lazy in helping me with any questions or concerns, or tasks (such as faxing my contact lens prescription or helping me pick out eyewear). basically, the doctor does seem to try, but it seems to me that her poorly-picked staff is limiting her practice's potential. basically, my experience here deserves nothing more than two stars because after several frustrating experiences, i finally went to another optometry office and experienced WAY better.
1	I have a similar review to the first reviewer on here.  The office itself is gorgeous and the exam went great and Dr. Payne herself took time to help me pick out lenses.  I was there on an Amazon Local deal that allowed me a free pair of glasses, but I was up sold in to a pair that didn't qualify and they were $200 with the coating.  I know small places can be pricey and I don't get new glasses that often so I went for it.  When I went to pick up my glasses - I got them from Chip.  He was very friendly but he just handed me the glasses and never looked at my face to see how they sat or if they needed adjustment.  I have never had that happen before.  Usually they make sure you look ok before they send you out.  In this case I get to the car only to realize there is a nick in the frame down to the bare metal right on the front that Chip didn't notice.  So I take them back in and he orders me a new pair.  I called after the new pair came in and asked Chip to make sure the new ones were ok before I drove all the way back to the west side to get them.  He assured me with out pause they were fine.  Now it took me months to go get the new glasses - at this point it was on my convenience to pick them up.  When I finally did, Chip switched out the glasses and again just handed them to me - never looked to see how they sat on my head.  I looked at them - they looked ok at first glance.  When I get home my roommate notices they are a slightly different color than the last ones.  Then when I pull them off to really examine them I notice the nose pad wires are completely bent and uneven.  I can't even believe those glasses were allowed to leave the building looking like that.  I called Chip back to complain about the color of the glasses - he was silent and un-helpful.  I was on my way out of town and I had no time to argue with them.  I can't instill a work ethic in someone or ask them to care about the product they put on people so I decided to write this review to advise people to stick with the big names.  Lens Crafters was my last experience and they were great - just expensive.
5	My experience with Dr Payne and staff was AMAZING....  Not only did they take such good care of me they took care of my entire family.  I recently went back in to buy my first pair of nice fashionable sunglasses and they not only helped me find just the "right" ones for my face, They treated me like a celebrity.  And the best part is they gave me such a smoking deal.  I would NEVER go anywhere else.
1	I had a number of issues with Chip who prepares the lenses. I'll get into detail in my next post. Dr Payne was wonderful. She was sweet and helpful and I think my prescription is accurate although I am conflicted. My lenses are really heavy, they slide down the bridge of my nose and cause weight strain as well. In addition, my lenses have a fish-eye lens affect. It's terrible and quite annoying. I'm so disappointed at this point. It's been almost a month since I received my glasses. I'm calling the office tomorrow to see how they can accommodate with my troublesome situation. I feel like I should have had my $500 Tiffany frames filled elsewhere :(TERRIBLE TECHNICIAN (Chip)LENSES TOO HEAVYLENSES SEEM CHEAPLENSES FISH-EYE YOUR VISION very annoying!!!
5	My grandson and I have had such great experiences with Dr. Payne and with Chip.  The office atmosphere is very warm, and Dr. Payne very thorough.  I really enjoyed working with Chip to pick out frames;  he was honest in expressing his opinions and pointed me toward some styles I would never have thought to try.  My grandson wouldn't consider having anyone but Chip help him pick out the hippest frames - plus we both enjoy joking and teasing with him.  Definitely a place to go if you need to improve your vision or just "amp up" your style quotient with new frames.
4	For the first half of my visit, I was helped by the assistant who checked for my vision using the "Is this better, or worse?" method. I've never been to an eye doctor who used an assistant for half of the process before so I was a little surprised. I hope Dr. Payne trained her assistant well. Once I was handed over to Dr. Payne, she was super nice and friendly while taking the time to answer some of my questions, along with chit chatting with me about Lasik and my insistence on knowing the probability of me going blind during the procedure. She seemed very knowledgable and up to date on current laser technology for lasik treatments. I'm glad to say she instilled some trust in me about lasik surgery and I'm grateful for that.I wanted some bling-encrusted glasses to better suit my nerdy lifestyle and she had exactly the frame I wanted. Dr. Payne, you got a friend in me!
5	Love this place!  Great customer service and the hottest glasses in town!  They took time to help me choose the perfect pair for my face
5	Finally, I received my fabulous glasses that cost almost a small fortune and I must say Dr. Payne, you were right for loving those frames on my face because wow, they fit perfectly and I now look like I belong on the Big Bang Theory. Thank you for those conversations and I truly appreciate the chance of getting to know you.If I ever need more glasses, I'm coming back here.
5	Trendsetters Eyewear, they are the Best.  Dr. Payne, Chip and the complete staff.  WOW!  they are all wonderful.  The newest equipment for eye exams, the Greatest Frames anywhere and they are honest and sincere, when telling you what looks good on you and what does not.  Love these guys.  If you need exams, frames, contacts go see Trendsetters Eyewear.
4	I used a living social voucher for my appointment at TrendSetter Eyewear. The cleanliness and ambiance of the lobby and facilities was amazing, I felt like I was at the spa, not getting my eyes checked. I only had to wait a couple minutes, and while I was waiting, was shown what frames I could shop from that the voucher included. I went in knowing I just wanted a basic pair, so I was happy with the selection. (I noticed a lot of incredibly stylish higher-end selections, that if I had the extra money at the time, I probably would've been very tempted to buy!) I received a lot of personal attention, and my glasses were mailed to me for a very affordable rate. (I was about to move out of state within days, and they squeezed me in last minute!) Dr. Payne was so pleasant, as was everyone there, and I even got my prescription emailed to me per my request, many weeks after my appointment and receiving my pair of glasses from them. Would recommend this business to anyone.
2	I went to see Cynthia S. Payne to get a renewal on my contact lens prescription. My regular optometrist moved her office to Henderson so I thought it would not be a big deal to go somewhere closer to get my annual prescription.  I explained very clearly at the beginning that I was NOT interested  in LASIK  and was simply there for an eye exam to get a renewed prescription.  From the time I walked in, until the time I left, the entire staff did their part to try to and sell me the LASIK  procedure. They had me do an unnecessary test which later I learned was used to determine if I would be a good candidate for LASIK.  Finally after my exam was completed, they had me sit with a LASIK  consultant/coordinator to go over prices for LASIK!  Cynthia Payne did an adequate job on my exam, but I don't appreciate the sales pitch, unnessary test, and the waste of my time for their own agenda. I was there much longer then necessary due to all of the sales pitch nonsense.  I will not return.
5	I absolutly love Dr. Payne. She gives such amazing care. The exam is very quick and efficient! I love that the office staff takes the time to help pick out the best pair of glasses for you. They spent much time with me and helped me in every way. Very beautiful office, and very resonably priced!
4	I got the cutest glasses & the friendliest service here...
5	I bought new glasses from here after being recommended by a close friend. They have all types of designer frames. I especially love her new collection of Ray Bans and Bettie Johnson. The staff is great at verifying my insurance before my arrival. They were also able to explain the vision benefits to me. The office is clean and very modern. Dr.Payne and her staff attended to me in a timely matter.Chip their technician was friendly and a great help. I was specific on what I wanted in my glasses and Chip bought me options. I tried then on and Chip would let me know if I looked good in them. He really paid attention to my face shape/size. I really valued his opinion since he is an expert. I choose a frame and had it made.When I picked up my glasses Chip adjusted them perfectly. I will definitely return next year for my exam and new purchase. I can't wait to see how they can top my current pair. I definitely recommended this place to my Co workers and family.
5	This place is incredible!! Amazing service, they are so knowledgeable, friendly, and eager to help. The selection of eyewear is phenomenal, and everyone here goes above and beyond to ensure the best service. I am am definitely a very happy customer!
5	Cynthia and her staff is amazing. She took care of me when I had lasik eye correction 4 years ago and I she has taken care of my eyes since then.   I love her and her staff. Even if it is months later, its just like seeing my old friends every time.And not to mention the amazing Coach Sunglasses and her very nice office.  Well done and congrats, you deserve it.
