2	Well...let's just say I needed to use a fax machine. I know, I know...Who uses faxes as they are so archaic? Well, I had to venture out to the only place I know still has them, FEDEX KINKOS!!! For $2.70 I sent 2 pages across the standby phone line. A local number at that. Really? Do you think there is a little bit of a price gouge going on here? And it is self serve so no one even assists you. Thank goodness for that because the "girls" were so busy discussing their personal lives, and far too much for me to discuss on this site, they could have cared less about the rest of the people in the small, quaint little shop. I have been to this location several times, never encountered such unprofessional behavior. Seriously I don't need to know about your baby daddy!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I work for an SAT prep company, so I'm always coming here to drop off exam forms that need to be mailed. I don't pay for the shipping, so I'm not rating on the prices here (although I did try to get business cards printed once and thought they were kind of expensive).No, this review is mainly for my experience there today with one particular employee: Tom (I hope I'm remembering his name right). He was friendly, attentive, helpful, and even did a good job with upselling, I will admit. For anyone who's ever worked in retail, I'm sure you know how important it is to try and "add on" to a customer's purchase. This FedEx  location should be proud of Tom's dedication and work ethic.When I brought Tom a whole pack of loose-leaf answer sheets, he happily took them from me, rubber-banded them, packed them nicely in a box, taped it up, and got my package on it's way in no time. Excellent service - I was very pleased with my visit today. This employee definitely deserves a raise or some other type of reward for how well he does his job.
5	Had some packages re-routed here because the shipper required a signature. (I hate when they do that, though understand why.) The guy at the counter loaded up my packages on a dolly and took them outside to my car for. Considering the 2 boxes weighed about 35 lbs each, that's pretty good service.
4	It is so easy and conveniently located to send a fedex package.  Both employees were busy when I walked in but took the time to look up and say hello.  I filled out my form, and within minutes I was out the door with my receipt.  super easy and friendly.  thanks!
1	Older guy that works there is very rude.  I will never go back to this location.
5	Okay, I realize that I tend to give out a lot of 5 stars but this one is well deserved. I wish I had gotten the girl's name who helped me out as she deserves a raise. My grandmother passed away and we wanted to enlarge a photo of her to frame and put up at her memorial service. The best photo of her that we had was her high school graduation photo. She graduated from Chandler High in 1952. My cousin and I started out at a camera shop that blows up portraits for around $50. Although it was going to be expensive we both felt it was okay because it was for her memorial service. The guy behind the counter asked me for my copyright release. I stared at him for a moment and then said, "Oh I don't have one, this is my grandmother's high school grad picture from the 50's and we're using the photo at her memorial service." to which he replied, "I'm sorry, but without the release we cannot enlarge this photo for you." I told him that there had been a big fire and a lot of the old paperwork including my Grandmother's high school records had been lost (which is true), but also probably any records about who even took the high school senior photos at that time. He sent me away apologizing but being quite abrupt. I left completely angry and in tears because A - I just lost my Grams, who was like a mom to me, and B - the memorial was in less than a week and if every photo shop was going to ask for a copyright  release, we were in trouble.I looked over and noticed Kinkos and thought, "Heck, I'll just go blow up the photo myself and see if it looks okay." We drove over and once inside noticed that it was a smaller Kinkos and we may not be able to blow it up ourselves. I asked hesitantly if the girl behind the counter could enlarge the photo for me.Not only did she say absolutely but she edited the photo a bit on her computer to remove a note my Grams had written to her grandparents on the front corner of it so that the photo would look nice in the frame at the memorial. I'm pretty sure they would have charged me an arm and leg to do the same thing at the camera shop. She said that they don't worry about copyrights on photos for memorial services since we were not going to be selling them or anything. She also noted that since over 50 years had passed you don't really need a copyright to reprint family photos of this nature. She took the small high school photo and enlarged it to fit in a 11x14 frame. Not only did it look beautiful at my Grams' memorial but it looks great in my kitchen today. To me, great staff=repeat business, period. I always do all my FedEx and copy business through this center.
1	Poor customer service. Three people in the store, two employees working on packages and one standing at the counter doing nothing. The one at the counter asked me how she could help me. I asked my question about the package I was picking up and she said it wasn't there. I explained it was coming from another FedEx store, she looked under the counter and again said it wasn't there. I explained it was supposed to be there at noon (an hour and a half ago). Nope... not hear yet. I would have expected her to say... Let me check on that for you. What store did you place the order with? Nope... I had to sit there and look up the other stores number and then make the call right in front of her. I guess picking up the phone wasn't in her daily job duties... nor was exceptional customer service explained to her either. This is the exactly the reason why UPS will always be a better company than FedEX.
5	Friendly, patient, helpful, fast! I have been to this printing location twice recently (once in September, once in October) to do printing for my wedding. Both times, I was SO impressed by their service! I was printing in color on card stock and on normal 20lb paper, making last minute corrections on my laptop in store to email or transfer via thumb drive, doing name tags, cutting paper for a guestbook, printing and laminating menus, all sorts of things. Tom helped me both times, and he is so patient, so helpful -- went out of his way to make sure I had color test pages to decide where I wanted to cut, whether the color was right, etc. And I didn't really have to wait either time, a pretty quiet location.
