4	well, it doesn't seem very fun to review a grocery store, but this one is infamous. because of its proximity to ASU, it's often called the "hot chick" safeway - no joke. it used to be open 24/7, but i think it now closes by 12 a.m. and there are always lots of co-eds, usually newbie college freshman shopping together (you can tell they're freshman because they haven't yet realized that shopping wtih roommates for food is a terrible idea). and i agree, they're all very cute in that typical "college" way. and it's always refreshing to see kids dressed up to go out, just picking up a back up bottle of vodka for the after party on a monday or tuesday night. ha ha, in fact, last night while shopping for a Valentine's dinner meal, my boyfriend and I giggled at the frat boy who was inspecting cards while holding a handle of jim beam in one hand and a heart-shaped box of chocolates in the other... his girl is one lucky lady...to get to the point, the co-ed factor and busyness of this place kept me away from it, choosing instead to shop at the next closest store, fry's on mill and southern. ok, let me tell you Fry's is a dump; it's dirty, dingy, it smells funny and their veggies are gnarly. hot chick safeway is clean, bright and they have super friendly staff, who are always willing to help you find something or tell you how to broil a steak cause it's raining out and you're screwed for your valentine's grilled steak dinner idea. it's a tad more expensive than Fry's but totally worth it, not for eye candy, (but that's great if you're a 19 to well, 70-year old guy) but for the better service and better facility, and they always have killer deals on things like frozen pizzas and snacks cause, well, what else do college kids eat?
4	I would agree about the above comments. Hot Chick does indeed fit, I remember back when I attended ASU people would talk about this place, pretty amazing considering its a grocery store.
5	I've been shopping at this Safeway for the better part of 8 years now and say what you want about Fresh & Easy and Trader Joe's, this Safeway is the best damn grocery store out there.It's just one of those places where you're never asking yourself why they don't call out more cashiers. You're never stuck at the register behind a soccer mom with a full cart and three kids in tow, it's just the frat boy with the 12 pack of beer in one hand and a bag of ramen in the other, or that Indian guy with a few bags of vegetables, and they sail right through. And even if there is the occasional shopper with a full cart paying with an out-of-state check, it's not an issue, because there are 6 other registers open. You don't stand there hopelessly for 10 minutes while they call for a backup cashier over the PA system, because the backup was never hiding in the office to begin with. They were out there the whole time.Oh, and it's the infamous Hot Chick Safeway. I didn't even realize that it was actually called that until I saw it on Yelp, but it's very true and that would be worth a few stars alone.
4	It's called "Babeway" for a reason people...But I go here for the Deli, they have the best panini. I like to stop in for the 3 cheese panini with mustard and tomato. It's also a good choice to pair up with the Italian wedding soup.
5	Over the past five years I went from being the skinny, young, semi-sober teen checking out the hot chicks to the chubby, old, still semi-sober weirdo creeping out the hot chicks here. But in the words of the late-great-now-lame Matthew McConaughey: "I get older...But they stay the same age"...
2	I tried going here for groceries for a little while and the store was always clean and there was definitely always a lot of eye candy shopping here, but Safeway is kinda pricey... especially compared to the new Walmart Neighborhood Market that just went up down the street, and I've never checked out at this location without having to wait in a line.I also had a bad experience here a few weeks ago. I wanted to run into a place and grab some light beers, and just happened to be driving by Safeway and thought "what the hell?" So I go in, grab a 6-pack of O'Douls (yes... non-alcoholic beer), and as I'm checking out the 5'2 Indian lady behind the counter (I think her name was Betty... something with double-consonants and short) claimed that my ID was fake! I'm a slightly over 6' and had plenty of stubble that day. Betty went on to have me repeat EVERY single line on my driver's license. Even after which she said, "You are not 6', you look around 5'8." This came from a lady who barely came up to my chin. When I told her that was ridiculous she actually made the claim "this is not your ID", from which I started producing my credit card, work id (with photo), and school ID (with photo), which she stared at for 30 seconds while turning over trying to prove they were fake, then grunted and sold me my non-alcoholic beer... all while still acting as if she felt I was some sort of hooligan!When I asked Betty what her problem was, she said that the night before they had been "raided" and her co-workers were given thousands of dollars of fines, and she didn't want to be fined. I understand that sucks, but it is not acceptable to make that interfere with your customer service and make customers feel like escaped prison convicts.
4	Love the service; they thank you by your name at the end of the transaction. This Safeway is a meat market though...haha...I used to shop here all the time but it's just way too crowded and full of hopeful students looking for someone to party with. I don't mind it's just a little too busy for me and I'm there to shop...not to "shop". Haha.
2	The *ONLY* reason i shop here is because in an emergency  it is across the street from my house.. i usually have bad experiences here with customer service and other shoppers. This store is always busy with college kids because it's 2 blocks away from ASU, maybe that's why the customer service is sub par.  I have been accused of shop lifting because I brought my son and stroller in the store... I have had a cart full of groceries lock up mid shopping trip and nobody was able to help me because they couldn't find the key... so i had to transfer ALL of my groceries and a screaming child to another cart. I have bought expired yogurt here as well (that was my bad for not checking the dates). The only good thing about this place is the sushi bar and the friendly sushi lady. She makes amazing sushi and is always happy to make you a special roll or two. I will drive the extra mile to go to Frys where the customer service is awesome, friendly, and always willing to help out.
4	Before shopping at this Safeway take into consideration that this is the closest grocery store to ASU and all of it's student housing. It is constantly busy, and it's busy with college students. With that being said Playboy, just a few years ago, ranked this as one of their top 10 places to meet someone of the opposite sex. It is great for people watching as you'll usually see kids dressed for themed parties. As you can imagine this store has tons of booze, a great wine selection, a large produce selection, and all the other items one would find in a grocery store. Inside they also have a full service Wells Fargo Bank with multiple ATMS, and a Starbucks. Starbucks actually has reserved spaces if your just swinging in to get a coffee on the far East side of the parking lot.
4	The meat department is normally very helpful, but sometimes you get a person who has no idea how thick to cut certain meats, so make sure you check them. They take comments very seriously, so make sure you have a good reason to leave a note for the manager-like if you had especially good or dismal service. The prices are not as high as an "organic" store and not as cheap as a farmers market...they're in the middle. Mostly why I like this store is because it's so close to ASU that you don't even need to take the bus, you can walk there. And it's got a very wide variety of foods, unlike stores that are actually ON campus. Oh, and it's a lot cheaper than campus stores, too!
4	In all of my years in the East Valley, this is one of my favorite stores to hit purely for eye candy.The 'Hot' Safeway always offers some great people watching.Hit this place on Halloween and you are likely to see college women in panties and bras - Halloween 'costumes'.And they sell water here.I really like water.
3	This is a decent location, both better and worse than some of the other Safeways I've been to. It is located very close to the ASU campus and can get very busy at times. On several occasions, this store has been poorly staffed, which leads to long check-out lines. Similarly, they rarely have baggers on duty, which leaves customers to simultaneously juggle their car keys, coupons, Safeway cards, half-pints of premium gluten-free guava milk, and bagging duties.If you have coupons on your card, be sure to bring and swipe the right card at checkout. If you use the wrong one, Safeway will only honor the coupons if you personally unbag and rescan all of your items.My advice is to pay close attention to the in-store, online, and weekly circular deals, because you can save a lot of money that way. Together, you can use often use these to "save" 30-50% off of your total purchase.
4	Great place, I like the layout - the alcohol area is at the front of the store.  Love their chicken salad from the deli.  Their cashiers are really good and friendly.
3	I mean, it's a Safeway.It's fine here. The produce section is pretty good, as is the bakery. While it's not the cheapest grocery option, it's the closest one to my house, which makes it convenient. Unfortunately it's also the closest grocery to to ASU, so there are a lot of student shoppers (read: people checking out with a 30 pack of Bud Light and 6 boxes of Easy Mac). It's packed on the weekends, especially Sunday evenings, so avoid coming at those times if you can. The service is friendly and the checkout lines move pretty well. Random story: I was shopping here once during one of the haboobs and it was so windy that a little tree from one of the "landscaped" areas got blown over into my car while I was pulling into the parking lot. That was weird. My car was fine but I felt bad for the tree...There are so few here in Arizona, it must be tough for them to lose one of their own.
4	If your familiar with the safeway signature cafe's, this Safeway has one of the better ones. Friendly, clean looking employees with quick service. On top of that their ingredients are kept a lot fresher than others I've been to. Great place for a tasty, cheap sandwich!
4	5-stars for the breakfast sandwich and proximity to the Sheraton Four Points. a fine place with nice checkers!
3	Decent selection, you will pretty much find all of the brands you are looking for. It's pretty expensive overall. Maybe that's just groceries in general, but I spend a lot of money on food, I guess. The liquor and beer department is pretty large and they have good deals on alcohol most of the time. It gets busy during dinner time. Usually their cashiers can handle it. There is a Wells Fargo bank and Starbucks inside of the grocery store, which is a big perk for me. They also have Coinstar and movie rentals, I think a Blockbuster box.
5	Best meat department I have ever been to (and I am a meat guy, so I go to MANY meat departments.) The butchers are the best here. Especially a guy named Pike. He has always been very informative and goes way above and beyond to do a great job and prepare meat correctly.
4	This is the best Safeway I have been to.  It doesn't take a genius to know Safeways prices are a little higher then other grocery stores. BUT their store is very clean and very nice.  I love their bakery, they have the best bagels, cookies, brownies, cakes, etc.  I love their selections of food in their deli area. The wait in there is not even long, I never been in line for no more then 5 min.  Yes I wish they have better prices but for what you get its a very nice store. I do recommend the bakery items!
1	Awful. Like, really awful.  Prices are extremely overpriced for the products they have-- as expensive as Whole Foods, but not even organic!  The staff is very mean and definitely not afraid to yell at their customers.  The only thing that is good about the store is the organization of the products.  Everything else stinks! I will never go back to this store.
4	Without diving in to my personal life story, I would like to briefly mention that I got married last year with literally not an ounce of cooking knowledge. In the past few months, my husband and I have really buckled down and have avidly avoided eating out or getting take out. So we decided to cook. And cook we do! We come to this Safeway every week like clockwork to stock up on food for the rest of the week. I have found that they have nearly everything we need, save a couple ingredients we may need to grab at the Whole Foods down the street. It has become such a blessing to be so close to a store like this one. It is clean, fully stocked, organized, and the customer base is typically young, laid back, and non-threatening to a small girl like me. This is the first time in my whole life that I confidently feel at home in a grocery store. I can navigate those aisles like nobody's business, and they are always in tip top shape.I would love to give this location five stars, but I have found too often that the produce (particularly fruit) is either moldy, too ripe, or overall not very good when I bring it home. I also think that some of the customer service could use a little boost in morale, although in many cases the customer service is pretty doggone good for a grocery store. Another word of warning: this location can get VERY busy. I don't mind it, though, because I quite like the bustling atmosphere.This Safeway has seen my husband and me through a great transition in our lives, and because of it, I actually look forward to our weekly shopping trips.
4	pretty girls but no lollipop selection.
3	I rarely go here, but when I do its usually for flowers.Their floral section is great. everything looks really nice, and they seem to have a different selection than other grocery store florists.I always feel like the aisles of this Safeway are closing in on me, like theyre way too overstocked and their ad signage is too low. Its very strange.
5	Everything is always clean in here. I love that. Friendly staff.
3	It's a basic Safeway that covers most of your general groceries needs. It's currently undergoing renovation as of now but the store's still open. I came to this particular location for some Tylenol, and lucky me that's literally the only aisle that was relocated.For anyone interested in drinking alcohol and health based needs (shampoos, medicines, hair dyes, etc.), you have to walk past the produce, take two sharp turns left, and you're in this ghetto section of the store walled off from everything else. I have no idea what the motivation for this weird section is, but for whatever reason it's there. Good luck finding your way around!
4	After attending the Grand Re-Opening, my view of this store has certainly improved. The experience was great and not just because I got free food samples and a booklet of coupons, though those were good too! The store underwent a seriously facelift inside and has expanded several sections. Now, there is a larger pharmacy section and an expanded liquor section. More exciting, for me, was the fact that they have an expanded organic and local produce section and half of an aisle devoted to gluten-free products. I was also surprised to see the large Starbucks display in the coffee aisle. In my experience, Safeway can't match Sprouts in terms of the quality or price of produce, but it's still good for other items. Overall, I enjoy shopping at this store and appreciate the friendly service.
1	Came to this store to buy some groceries. Used the self checkout line. Clerk asked for my ID and continued with the sale. The machine malfunctioned and the associate had to help. This managing staff must be retarded. After 20 minutes of trying to help me they could not refund the money to my gift cards for at least 24 hours. Staff is uneducated and flat out rude.  I would not recommend coming to this store. There are many more reputable businesses in the area that have cheaper prices.
3	Logistically there is nothing wrong with this Safeway. Aesthetically there is nothing wrong with this Safeway. Socially, this Safeway is a nightmare. All I'll say is, this store is too close to ASU for its own good. If you've been to any establishment near ASU, you know what I mean. College students: there are other people driving in the parking lot, please act accordingly. That aside, it's always well stocked (at least with the essentials like bottled water and CPK pizza) and I like the Safeway app that lets me upload coupons straight to my card. If I weren't so lazy id go to the Fry's a few miles up the road. But for now I'm ok with punishing myself in the name of cheap water and frozen pizza.
5	Beautiful and clean Safeway in Tempe. The medicine and liquor aisle are in their own section and the shelves are all lit! It was beautiful! Will definitely go here again.
5	The women that come here man... Lol all in all its a good store but a bit pricey. But hey you get what you pay for. Come see me in the meat department and see if i can make something happen for ya! I just cant cut anything... Yet!
4	Their make your own sandwich counter is amazing!!! I ran in before work for some kombucha + naked juice before work with plans of another airport lunch, when I noticed this awesome little counter set up in the deli. The girl at the counter was very friendly and patient with my pickiness witch says a lot! They had at least 5 bread choices + wrap options! Many protein choices,(I chose grilled chicken), lots of toppings including ARTICHOKE HEARTS, PESTO, guac, and many more! For about 5.50, I was blown away:). One suggestion is maybe add sprouts, even though with all other options, they weren't missed! I'll be back soon!:)
5	Review for it's Pharmacy : I had to get some vacciness like 1.Chicken Pox                                                          2.Measles (MMR) i.e Mums,Measles, Rubella                                                         3.Tida (Tetatnus & Dipththeria Toxoids Since i didn't have health insurance Safeway is best priced clinic in providing all pharmicist services.I took my Vaccines in Feb-March Time Frame this year (2014). However i din't take all vaccines in 1 day. I took a gap of 15 days in each.Call them to schedule or talk to them while you go to buy grocery.Thier Doctors are good.I was charged $ 79.99 for MMR II ,                          $ 30 for Flu                          $59.99 Adacel for all three vaccines. Adacel is a next substitute for TIDA.Its almost the same.And i was given 10 % off discount on Safeway Groceries for each vaccine i took. And it is not necessary that you do grocery for very same day. You can avail that coupon anytime in a month's span i guess.I had heard about CVS Pharmacy or others but they charge you more than Safeway for the same vaccines. Trust me you will not go wrong taking vacciness in Safeway.
4	The starbucks employee was very helpful and they have nice cafe seating! The store is very clean and organized!
