5	was on this side of town and called in to grab some famous brown bread and grab a nice juicy outback special steak. Shawn D made our experience excellent he made us feel at home and was speedy with everything, I was impressed to hear him roll everything off the menu without a pause to think. Well recommended.
5	I'll be perfectly honest with you all, I'm pretty biased towards Outback Steakhouse.  This location is a little slower, but that just means you get sat quicker! =)The staff is friendly, and the prices reasonable.  There is a very large regular bar crowd that comes into this location.  But with their happy hour prices, who can blame them.  Outback's happy hour is "as long as they're open!"  Happy Hour includes: $2.50 on House Wines - Nathanson's Creek (Chard, Merlot, Cab, and White Zin)$2.50 on well drinks$3.50 on well martinis$1.95 on domestic drafts - Bud, Bud Light, Coors Lt, Miller Lt, Amber BockYeah, I know, it's a rockin' Happy Hour!Mix in some Australian decor and a juicy Strip and I'm set.  The proprietor, Hollywood, is a great guy and is very customer oriented.  He cares for his staff, his regulars, and all first-timers.  If you go in, make sure you try and get to meet him...he's a class act.Great staff members include: Kris, Coco, Tony, Brian, and Sarah.  The people really make this place, and the fact that Outback has flair is pretty cool too!Great food, great location, great drinks, let's go Outback tonight!!
2	Although our food has been uniformly good, our waitresses have been relentless about clearing our table.  One asked if we were done with the appetizer when it was only half nibbled on, and when one person at the table indicated that she was done, the waitress grabbed the platter and was gone.  Similarly, we were asked various versions of the following question each time we've visited:  "Are you done with this, or do you want a doggie bag?"  For the slow learners out there, there wasn't an option for responding that you are still eating it, and when asked of a child it results in removal of the (partially eaten) entree from the table.  This within 10 or 15 minutes of getting our food, regardless of the celebration or whether a good conversation was underway.So my take on this location, having visited it 3 times, is that their priority is to serve you, give you a moment to eat it, and then start pushing you out the door - even when not that busy.  If that's your thing, this is your place.  On the other hand, if you enjoy taking a moment to enjoy your meal, then consider going elsewhere...
4	My boyfriend & I just recently discovered this Outback just a few blocks from our place. We've been there twice, and both times we have had excellent service. The food is very yummy. Our favorite is the Bloomin' Onion, we'd go there just for that. Both times we've been seated quickly, and received our order promptly. I highly recommend this Outback Steakhouse. Yummy!
5	Great place, great service!
4	I am kind of new to Outback but I am a fan. I was just looking for a place where I can eat some really good Prime Rib and I have to say that I found it. I try to come to Outback at least once a month. There service has always been really good and you can call for a reservation a head of time so that you can avoid a wait. Usually with my Prime Rib I get a side of broccoli and a side of remoulade sauce which is great for dipping. If you are not afraid of a little horse radish it is on of the best I have tried. I am lucky I do not live that far away. I always look forward to my next visit.
3	Went there and got there Valentine's special, it was a lot of food and a decent price. The food was good except I ordered my steak RARE and got medium. This is a steak house and they should be able to cook steaks to order. It wasn't even medium rare. The service was pretty good though. I'll go back if there's a good special but I'll make sure I order my steak fresh out of the package and then maybe I'll get it rare.
4	Went to Outback for mine and my husband's anniversary for a quick meal during the week. We sat at the bar so we didn't have to wait. The service was amazing. The 2 bar tenders were wonderful and you could tell they really loved their jobs. The food is always great and came in a good amount of time. This is really the best place to get a quality steak at a decent price. We are never disappointed by this Outback location.
4	We stopped in on a rainy Saturday afternoon after seeing a movie. We don't eat here often but we had a gift card and a birthday to celebrate.As someone else mentioned - We had the same wonderful & entertaining experience with the bar tenders. Coco & Kris (I think)....   very good service and they were happy and attentive!Seriously, he is so funny, I told him he should be down at the Improv in Tempe instead of behind the bar. But we were glad he was there! We had a blast.We enjoyed a new local Red Ale brew from Desert Eagle brewing in Mesa. It's nice to have a local beer on tap. We enjoyed sharing one of the new  steaks - a filet with shrimp and 1/2 lobster tail. It was very good.They now offer a smaller version of the chocolate thunder dessert so we were finally able to order dessert for a change! It was excellent as always.We also met and had a nice conversation with some other locals who are regulars. So we just may stop in here for a happy hour again soon.  The service and the bar tenders make it worth the trip!
1	Takeout porterhouse steak was way undercooked, like half raw.  Unfortunately by the time I found out I was miles away.I wrote this same complaint to Outback at their online address.  I was surprised to receive a phone call from the manager two days later - but he just asked me when I was there, and didn't say a  word of apology or offer me maybe 1% off  or a free glass of water  if I came back again.  He just said, "I'll look into it and get back to you."  That was a week ago.  Weird.Outbacks were really good years ago, though the other one I tried a few days before  this one (see my review) was pretty good and much friendlier too.
1	See my review for Red Lobster in Tucson, last updated today, to see the contrast between how Outback Steakhouse and Red Lobster handles complaints.. I'm still waiting for the Outback manager to get back to me.
4	Just up the street form our house so it's a easy go to when we don't want to cook at home.
1	Oops! We caught this Outback serving reheated Coconut Shrimp tonight! Very disappointed!
5	Kris who works at the bar rocks!!! He is quick funny and always makes sure you are happy with your drinks and/or food!  Eat at the bar!We have eaten many times at the bar and every time we are extreamly happy.  Things haven't been as good when we don't.
1	Went there for dinner last night, ordered my steak medium-well.  The server repeated my order.  The steak came out RARE.  Sent it back.  They brought it back in 5-8 minutes, it was STILL RARE.  Now this is what I call ridiculously embarrassing.  The manager apologized and said she would take my meal off of our ticket.  Really?  No s&^+!  My daughter finished her meal, we left, I did not eat mine.  Could not wait for them to try to get it right.  They took our appetizer and soft drinks off the bill.  How generous.  With this kind of service, if I managed that restaurant, I would have said "the entire meal is on the house and here's a gift card for $50, please give us another chance another time."  And no, I almost never write reviews and I certainly don't write them trying to get free meals!  I will never go back to that location and most likely won't go to another Outback restaurant.
2	I don't know, but I remember Outback being better.  This place feels smaller than your usual Outback, which ended up on us waiting 25 minutes for a table on a Friday night.  It seems to me that Outback has began raising their prices, yet there really isn't anything unique on the menu.  Service was super slow the night we went because one of the cooks had called in sick.  Still, management did nothing to comp the clientele.  I may give Outback a second chance, but with Longhorn and Texas Roadhouse close by, I no longer feel I'm getting my best bang for my buck at Outback.
3	Overall just alright . Very simple menu . The steak comes either classic with just salt , pepper, and a little garlic powder on a flat top grill, or grilled over oak coals . Next, you pick the temperature , then your two sides. I would suggest the baked sweet potato with brown sugar and honey butter , a salad with mustard vinaigrette , asparagus, or broccoli .  Their bloomin onion is always good but they are shrinking year by year . I would also suggest the pork tenderloin . It is slow cooked and comes with an apricot chili sauce (not spicy) and it is out of this world . Also , the prime rib is on point . I would avoid the desserts unless you are getting a milkshake. They aren't worth it . BUT the bar serves a mean gingerbread martini for the holidays!! Make sure you get your hands on one of those this season!! The servers are very nice and I didn't feel rushed for dinner
4	It's an Outback - but what makes THIS Outback better are the bartenders.  The guy and gal team that is here makes the place.  He is on his A-Game - slinging drinks, sarcasm, and all-out fun all night long.  Think his name is Chris.  Went for HH - definitely a good deal.  Stayed and had the Petite Filet combo with potato and Shrimp-on-da-Barbie (love it).  Cooked perfectly - portioned well so I won't have a gut-ache from eating too much.Will definitely be back - but again preferred if the bartending duo is working.
2	$109 bill. I hate it when I feel like I could have had a better meal in my own kitchen. Why would you serve me brown sugar that is so lumpy and hard as a rock? It wasn't even sticky or the rich brown color nor did it smell like brown sugar should smell. It's obvious it was stale. Why would you even bring that out to me? The 6oz filet was so thin and had no texture to it at all. I eat filet mignon ALOT, and in the price point that Outback is selling it for, it is outrageous that it tasted like it did. I had to ask for A1!!! IF A CUSTOMER HAS TO USE A1 to choke down a $20 steak in your restaurant, SOMEBODY SHOULD BE ARRESTED!!!  The waiter was pleasant. The sweet potato was good, even without brown sugar.  But I can make a sweet potato at home for 1.00. I didn't like this visit at all, and for me to give it another shot, it would have to be FREE!  I would rather go Mastro's and spend an extra $15 for an 8oz filet and feel like I died and went to heaven. People who eat here are selling their taste buds AND their self respect short.
5	Take away went above and beyond last night (Valentines Day!) We ordered food right at the height of rush hour so when we pulled into a parking spot, there were so many people waiting by the door that no one came out to the car. After 20 mins we decided to call and the mgr came out to speak to us. It seems our order was lost online. She took our order, got us some sodas for waiting and even threw in some extra shrimp. About 30 mins went by and the waitress came out and said she found our order but since it was cold, they were going to give us two orders and charge for the one. Totally not necessary but greatly appreciated! Circle of stars!
3	This is a nice place to go for a family dinner. The best part about it is the location. There aren't very many restaurants in the area. I'm not super impressed with the food or service at Outback (not just this one in particular). Everything seems pretty mediocre. But we still had a good time with friends and family!
5	OMG What a Wonderful experience!! We were greeted and seated as soon as we entered the restaurant. Its beautifully decorated and clean.  All the servers were men dressed in black. Our server was prompt, attentive, informative and curtious. Our meal was served in a timely manner - salad first and then the main course and of course desert. It was EXCELLENT !  Every bite was wonderful. I had the Fire Grilled Salmon with a sweet potato, yum. For desert I had cheese cake with raspberry sauce dribbled over it. I at every bite.I  definitely want to go back!!!
2	Ordered the steak and lobster special at $27,99, On rhe menu it says it includes a signature salad.   On the left side of the specials menu where signature salds are listed for another special was their blue cheese chopped salad  The waitress told me I also get a side.  After hearing the list of choices I chose one.  The salad was good nothing special I've had better chopped blue cheese salads,   The lobster arrived missing half of it.  they told me it shrunk when char broiled, it was clealy cut as the entire top was gone. What was left was literally 4 small bites. The manager was nice and removed it from my bill.   The prime rib had no flavor.  The chocolate desert was good.  The bill added $1.00  for the salad and $1.00 for the side making this actually $29.99.  I've had much better dinners for this cost.  After arguing with thw waitress about the extra charges,  the owner removed them but also tried to justify.   An aggravating expensive meal I wont be back.
2	My boyfriend and I ate here because we had a giftcard, and thank goodness we did, I would never of paid for the food otherwise. Our appetizer was a greasy mess and our entrees were small and disappointing. The service was alright but the place seemed dirty. Even though this place is conveniently located near my house, I'm not returning.
4	I went here the other day for my 21st birthday. We sat at the bar and had great service. Our bartenders were Cocoa and Brandon, both amazing. Cocoa recommended an excellent martini (on the house) and Brandon made sure I got my free sundae. They definitely made me feel special. We shared an onion blossum, much better than the last time I had it. I also had a small caesar salad and baked potato soup, both great. My boyfriend had a side garden salad and sweet potato which he said were "okay", but he loved his steak. Much, much better experience than the last time I was here, I'll likely come back.
4	Good food, good service, consistent with the Outback franchise. No complaints at all! Good steak for a good value! Love  the bloomin' onion but it is oh so bad for you, so  I usually just add some bloomin' petals to my steak for $1 extra. Their homemade BBQ chips are awesome too! Made to order and so yummy!
2	Blooming onion was a grease pit. The burger was over cooked and dry. It also had a tomato but instead of a nice red slice of tomato. The waiter acted like he could not be bothered with the complaint. It was difficult to get refills on drinks. The manager acted like he didn't care. Why has this chain not closed yet with its 19th ' menu. I will say the place was clean. Although I have seen cleaner bathrooms in a gas station.
5	The food was great. The service was great. Walked away 100% satisfied. Steak and unlimited shrimp was delicious and Jim was a great server. Felt like I got way more than what I paid for!
2	Slow service, cold food, and no manager to be found....  Not a good experience.  This place is usually ALOT better!
1	I don't even know where to begin. Long story short, the best part of a $50+ meal (for two of us) was the bread. The free bread. Chicken, steak, mashed potatoes, shrimp, even the salad - waste of money. And then, to top that off, when we strapped a pair on to complain they took our names and phone numbers to "put on the books" for a discount next time. Nice job Outback. You must know there won't be a next time.
5	We came in tonight. It was busy but we didn't wait long for a table. I ordered my usual coconut shrimp and a wedge salad.  My husband ordered the Victoria filet with a loaded baked potato and ceaser salad.  It was fabulous! Food cooked right and timed great  ! Love this place! Service top notch and a feel of "teamwork" emphasized. Everyone was great.
4	I don't know why  Outback gets so many mediocre reviews it is not nearly as expensive as Ruth Chris, Morton's, The Keg or any of the other high and prime rib or steak houses.  How people can compare them to each other is unreasonable.Once again for the price. Outback has always had great steaks, great service for a decent price.  I had there prime rib with vegetables and an add on of grilled shrimp and everything was great.   For the people who like the Outback grilled shrimp this location still has the remoulade sauce that is awesome sauce they use on the shrimp that the other locations have discontinued to offer on their menu.
2	2 stars for good service although the hostess skipped us even though we did the "call ahead" The food at outback is mediocre at best. I never order steak there bc it doesn't measure up to Flemings, Mastros etc.Mahi mahi is dry. Cesar salad w chicken ( precooked slices) was bland. Cheese fries w ranch are great when yr drunk.
