4	Flew in Chicago late on a freezing Wednesday to meet some friends who recommended we try Cho's new Asian fusion.  Very cool place and very, very good food.  The salad was a salad and a half for a very reasonable price and the grilled meat was perfectly done.  Bistro type of table set up, comfortable yet cool, with a mixed crowd from all parts of town.  I spoke to the owners on the way out and while they are young, this is not their first rodeo so the service is tight and responsive.  You have to be crazy to open a restaurant in Montreal in January, but the place was three-quarters full at 10 pm on a Wednesday.  I will definitely go back again after they roll out their full menu.
3	Cho has the asian fusion thing going on. It is a new resto in a part of town that is trying to develop a 2nd restaurant scene on Notre Dame to the west of the Notre Dame/Charlevoix area, Tuck Shop and Gruman's are just down the street. The food at Cho is interesting, tasty, nicely presented and the atmosphere s very nice. My only complaint is the price. It is pretty expensive for asian food. For example the Bao, steamed buns, were about $12 which is about twice as expensive as other places in town for a similar dish. Appetizers are in the $8 to $15 range and main dishes run $20 to $30.
4	It's a good simple Asian fusion restaurant with a fun owner and great staff! They have vegetarian options which I always appreciate because my boyfriend is Vegetarian.
5	These are the guys who were running Ginger for many years. Ergo, hip, a little on the pricey side and catering to a young, cool crowd. Bao sliders are delicious and a tad on the pricey side (if you are comparing these bao sliders to prices prior to the Momofuku upscaling influence). Food is definitely east asian fusion.  On the weekend, it's unlikely one is able to eat here if you don't reserve ahead. I wrote this short review to negate the 3 star review below. I don't think one should be giving 3 stars just because of a preconceived notion of what the price should be. It's tasty, trendy, social and the prices fit the demographic that go to this restaurant.
5	Came to Montreal for the Jazz Festival and got a recommendation from a friend of my daughter to go to Cho.  I thought the restaurant was out of the way but it was actually a short cab ride from the venue.  The atmosphere was upbeat and the food was excellent. Our party of four had two rounds of drinks, a whole bunch of appetizers and three entrees for $75 a head, which was just outstanding value for what we ate.  I loved the way they have adapted dishes to their fusion style such as the shrimp tartar and the calamari salad.  Simple sides like edemame and rice were dressed in new ways I hadn't seen before.  They took the Quebec poutine (fries, cheese and gravy) and turned into a meal unto itself.  Presentation was upscale and service attentive.  If you're willing to stray out of downtown, it's an innovative experience well worth it.
1	Pricey pub-grade food with an Asian twist. Decor is great but service is tense and slow. Cocktails are watery at best (we tried 2). Seriously, I don't get the appeal. Avoid.
5	Awesome new menu, great staff, atmosphere and food! Would come back again~ great take on fusion~
