5	La Takiza has the best tacos in all of Las Vegas!  I have lived in Las Vegas for 4 years, and have searched all over for the best tacos.  I was so happy when my roommate and I stumbled into this place when we were looking for a place that was in the same plaza, but was closed.  This ended up being a great find!  La Takiza isn't the cheapest, but it's certainly the best.  I usually order the daily special, which is two tacos of their choice with beans and rice for around 6 bucks.  My favorite of their tacos is their Al Pastor, but their Chorizo are also very good.  The Al Pastor is perfectly seasoned, and is served with a little bit of pineapple salsa which really accents the spiciness of the pork.  The tortillas are always warm and soft, yet hard enough to hold your taco.  I have tried almost everything at La Takiza and have been very pleased with everything, but I would suggest getting the Super Taco with al pastor!  If you love tacos and live in Vegas, do not be alarmed by La Takiza's random location, go there!
5	The tacos were very good, short wait time the food was warm. The place is very clean and it was a good experience. If you are around and are hungry stop by. You won't be disappointed.
5	This was the first place I ever tried based solely on a Yelp review and it was great!After reading my friend Ryan D.'s excellent collection of Yelp reviews, I wrote down the addresses of his recommended restaurants.  At the top of the list was La Takiza, a place Ryan credits with the best tacos in Las Vegas.Clearly, Ryan is a guy that knows great tacos!I had a carnitas Super Taco and it rocked!  The taco was absolutely stuffed with a generous helping of perfectly cooked carnitas and fresh tasting toppings.  The service was fast, pleasant, and the price was right.  Even with a Super taco and a soft drink, you still get change back from a five.If there's anything I like better than great tasting food, it's great tasting food at affordable prices.  In other words, a bargain.  And while La Takiza might not be the least expensive place around, what you get is a great value.  Damn good food, prepared fresh and fast, at a reasonable price.Mikey C. says: Can't wait to go back and try the al pastor!  Thanks, Ryan D.!
5	Great mini tacos.
4	This is another place I came up on using this site, thanks. I been searching for some good tacos near my place and found it. I've eaten here 2 times on 5 attempts. This was due to the place closing before the posted closing time. The last two times I went by around 7:45 PM, and they were closed. Posted closing time, 9:00 PM. This is the only reason I've gave it a 4 out of 5 star rating. Back to the food. The food is excellent. I've only eaten the carnitas tacos with rice and beans. The 1st time I ate here it was awesome. The 2nd time I ordered to go and they were still awesome. The 3rd, 4th, and 5th... you know what happened. The tacos are a nice size, plenty of carnitas, with pico, cheese, and beans. The service was prompt and friendly both times. I still want to try more food from this place and will stop by earlier next time. I would recommend this place to anyone before 7:30 PM.
5	Fat tacos, man. This stuff is delicious. I've been eating at Taco Bell for the past 2 months because there's nothing else near my brother's place in AZ, so I feel redeemed. I feel like my life has taken a real turn. Things are looking up. The grass IS greener on the other side!A lot of these smaller places make great food but everybody ignores them. Someone said this is out of the way, but... what? It's like 5 minute drive from anywhere. Vegas is small. Well at least if you're from LA. Go here, give them some business, they deserve it, they make better food than most restaurants I see with 500 reviews.Oh yea La Takiza your website link is broken, fix it guys!
1	This restaurant is no longer in business!!!
