5	I had to end my long love affair with TMobile this week. We were together for 11 years. No fights, no lying, no cheating...just love. It was a perfect romance and definitely one of the saddest break ups. I will be back, someday. My mom bought me an iPhone for Christmas with an upgrade she had on her account. My plan was to unlock it and use it with TMobile. That was until my mom called and told me I would be forced to use ATT because she was being charged for an extra plan. Cue the tears.It felt like an arranged marriage. I didn't want to leave my Tmobile boyfriend that I loved. But I had to suck it up and marry ATT for the time being. I don't think it will be long, I figure once I blow through my moms roll over minutes in the next few months I will be able to unlock my iphone and switch back to Tmobile.so far i've been with ATT for a few days and these are the major differences i've noticed and believe Tmobile is far better:1. price- with tmobile I had unlimited data, minutes, and texts all for under $90/mo after taxes. to get the same plan at ATT i would have to pay about $30 more a month and then it's not even unlimited data. Thankfully I'm on my moms account and they have like 10k rollovers so I don't need an unlimited plan. 2. getting ahold of a person- 611 and option 0 and you would immediately be connected to a human. with ATT they make you do a bunch of crazy options and then they put you on hold. I sat on hold several times and then it would just hang up on me. when i finally got ahold of ATT people some of the offices were closed....which brings me to3. does tmobile ever close? ok they do at like 1am and that's amazing! there are a couple hours in the wee night you have to do without. go to bed! 4. when you're on hold with tmobile they play soft music. ATT uses that time to try and sell you crap. it's the last thing i want to hear when i'm waiting on hold. it's like being held hostage because they know you have to listen. tacky, i say. 5. customer service- att customer service hasn't been bad, but tmobile has that little pep in the step. 6. i never lost service or dropped calls with tmobile. but i have a few times already with ATT :(7. ATT messed up the porting of my old number so right now  i have some random temporary number until they can fix it. i could keep going but i will it stop there. i love tmobile and i can't wait to be re-united.
1	Thanks God for plans with no contracts! This will be one thing I miss about TMobile BUT, with no regrets, I AM NOW A VERIZON WIRELESS CUSTOMER AGAIN! WOO HOO! 7 years later, that is... Alright, so the MAJOR issue I had with TMobile is either their phones or network suck! I don't care at this point to find out which one it was as I am happily back with Verizon. I got mislead a million times by customer service because they wanted me to stay with a windows based operating phone for some reason. Either way, something was not right and they couldn't resolve my issue over a 2 year span worth of my patience! That's ridiculous in itself! So If you have a few minutes, I'll tell you all a little story. Go ahead, grab a snack and an ice cold refreshment and take a seat. I'll wait for you to get back... 2 years ago I had a phone that was giving me problems. I had had that phone for about a year. After a couple of replacement phones, they recommended I upgrade; especially for what I mainly needed my phone for (I do Real Estate, need web access, etc.) and I needed to catch up with the times anyhow so I was cool with that. I ended up getting the most expensive phone they had at the time (HTC Touch Pro 2). Cool phone when it worked but I ended up going thru 5 master resets and 8 (YES, I SAID EIGHT!) replacement phones in one year! And the crappy part is, they had just come out with the HTC HD2 a month after I bought that phone and it was a million times better AND about $100 cheaper!!! Were they gonna tell me this?! NO! Would they let me swap phones because I was an awesome, very patient and one of their coolest customers? HELL NO!! I was stuck with a crappy phone and all the problems it had for over a year before I had to threaten to leave! FINALLY, they upgraded me to the HD2. And guess what??? Yep, again, you guessed it... After a month of trying it out, it started up again. The problems were continuing and they wanted to do the replacement thing. All the customer service people were astonished by the encyclopedia size notes that were noted on my account for the past 2+ years yet they can never manage to satisfy my cellular needs :( The Loyalty Dept (aka: Retention Dept) was the worst! Supposedly they have magical powers and can make things all better so that everyone's happy again! Nope, they would insult me with crappy offers that would make the average person wanna strangle their necks thru the phone! Not to mention that for the last few months I was with them, it would take (and this is no exaggeration) a minimal of 45 minutes on hold before I could get to someone! DID THEY KNOW I WAS CALLING AGAIN?!?!?! 45 effin minutes!!! MINIMUM!!! The best solution they had was for me to upgrade AGAIN to a Android operating system (thanks for the late recommendation, 2 years later!) phone with a 2 year contract when I was on a month to month plan. With all the issues I was having and problems I went thru and inconveniences, etc, I voted against that thought. If I was to sign another contract, it was not going to be thru them! I was not going to be "TRAPPED" for 2 years after what I wen thru. 7 years of my loyalty down the drain because this is how like to show loyal customers they are appreciative. I love my Droid X! It does everything I ever wanted and more! Thanks Verizon! The End ***Da Bafroom: They ain't nun heya
5	They always help me in this store, and have even thrown in a few freebies and found ways to reduce my bill.
1	Do NOT believe the gimmicks they show you on the tele or commercials.I went in to purchase an Ipad mini with Retina display.  My first question was, when  I could get the device.  They quoted me they were getting a shipment this week and I could get it by the end of the week or by beginning of next week.  I had to the misfortune to get a new sales associate who was absolutely clueless.  She kept having to ask everyone else questions and had the manager come over quite a few times but within minutes those managers disappeared only to be called over again.She asked me which data plan I wanted.  I didn't want to purchase extra data, just the 200mb they advertised on the tele.She went in the back after I told her that I didn't want to purchase extra data, only the device itself with the free 200MB.  She brought back her manager, who told me that he'd give me a month of free upgraded data.  I told him that wasn't necessary but moved forward.I probably stood around for over 20 mins for her to get the paperwork and have other managers to come look at what she was doing and walk her through things.I was signing paperwork when I noticed that I had a $15.68 fee.  When I inquired what it was for, she told me it was for "government fees" and that "the government has to have a piece of the pie too."  I didn't question her explanation too much although puzzled.I got home and looked at the paperwork closer and that $15.68 was for a prorated fee for the supposed free data the manager offered.  I called the store and they said they'd take care of it.  They have a list of who gets free data.  After the girl's explanation, I wasn't convinced and asked them to just take that extra data away.  When my son got home from school, he showed me his mobile showing that a number was added to my line and was suspended.I called customer service and they informed me I opened a new line...which is beyond me since I already have 2 lines...why would I need another phone line? And  the Ipad mini with Retina display was on back order for 6-8 weeks. Once I heard that, I heard enough.  This store went all out to pull the wool over my head.  They are dishonest people.  Do not speak to Ginnie (sales associate) or Chris (manager) as they will lie straight to your face.
1	I could be wrong on this location, but it's close enough. I'm actually referring to the company as a whole. T-Mobile is lousy!!! Worst cell service ever!! Phones are terrible, I'm going on my fourth, the customer service lies and they don't stay true to they're original pricing. Mine for instance was supposed to be only  $130.00 a month. Well it's $180.00!!! WTF!!! I'm glad my contract is up in March. DON'T EVER GO TO T-MOBILE!!  I'd rather have a go phone or Cricket!!
