1	Tiny, awkward shop. I try to support local businesses, but they're just not doing it right. With such a small selection there's almost no point in going in unless you're okay with buying what you find instead of actually getting what you want. Staff's been hit or miss, some are standard retail and others are downright rude. No thank you.
1	I am the  head of a local knitting circle that  moved into Off the Beaten Path's new location after our previous meeting location closed. We were really excited to form a solid rapport with the shop has we had done with the owners of our two previous locations, one of them our "home" for many years.We discovered right away the shop was ill-suited in both space and supplies to handle knitting in the shop, let alone a large group, but we wanted to support the shop so we made do.  As much as we wanted to establish a warm relationship with staff, we often found them unwilling to converse with us although they were at a register station just feet away, and often encountered strange behavior - such as frigid stares when a group member was teaching another to use a drop-spindle, and refusal for help in locating or ordering knitting notions.However, the major trouble came when the owner somehow learned (she was never present during our meetings) that our group was sometimes discussing the non-mainstream lives and beliefs of some of our members. She found this unsuitable for her shop.  Rather than address this to me or to the group directly, veiled complaints were made to individual members when they were in the shop at other times.  Our group discussed how to address the concerns, but before we could take action, the owner made a phone call to me at work, during which she was extremely hostile and unprofessional. She then posted erroneous, defamatory information about our group and members on the shop's website.  I was shocked and disappointed that a business owner could not handle a simple matter with a group in a professional and respectful manner.While the store does have a (granted, small) selection of yarns not available at some of the other local yarn shops, the strange layout, unfriendly staff, and the extremely unprofessional behavior of the owner toward frequent patrons is enough for me to recommend that knitters and other yarnies find other outlets for their business.
1	Unprofessional owner who discriminates against customers with alternate lifestyles.
1	Not the best yarn selection and was unimpressed with the space. Some if the staff has been a bit chill, but was very impressed with the knowledge and friendliness of one or two staffers.
1	In addition to the bizarre behavior outlined in my previous review, the owner eventually found our group's website and began harassing members and the group at large on our forums.  She also made direct statements to multiple members indicating she does not wish to have LGBT persons in her store, despite the Willy Street location. The extreme level of unprofessionalism is unbelievable. Please look for another place to find your yarn - you will be treated better and have better yarn to select from.
1	Off the Beaten Path would probably get 2 stars from me if my review were purely based on the selection and staff, who are pleasant enough.  It's a small, cramped space, but despite that there doesn't actually seem to be much yarn.  It's definitely not the kind of place you want to go if you're into "luxury" yarns at all -- and I'm not talking about cost.  Most of the yarn is scratchy and cheap-feeling.  There are no delicious fibers here for the tactilely-inclined.  If you want cotton or acrylic, why not spend a lot less at Michael's or the WI Craft Market?  If you're like me, you might answer, "To support local business owners, of course!"  And therein lies the problem. The owner of Off the Beaten Path has actually expressed her disapproval of LGBTQ folks patronizing her shop, using it as a meeting space for knitting, or otherwise flaunting their gayness anywhere near her.  What kind of an attitude is that to have in the Willy St. neighborhood, which welcomes ALL people?  I would never support a business that promotes such disgraceful intolerance, and I hope you wouldn't, either.
3	While I do like this place and have never had a problem personally, I also know of several others that have had problems with this shop and the staff. I have only been to the shop once since it's move to Willy Street. It's nothing personal, I'm on a strict yarn diet for awhile. I have purchased many things there over the last few years. I like the shop because she carries items that cannot otherwise be found in the Madison area (for the most part - there's always some overlap). It was a bit unnerving to be followed around (this was before the move to Willy Street) or know that there were several cameras watching you at all times but I just asked questions and talked to the staff. It made life easier and less unnerving. The new space on Willy Street is significantly smaller and, therefore, is more cramped. There's not much room to have a class inside but it's, at least, organized.
1	This business is now in the process of going out of business.  This is what happens to businesses in this city who voice objections to their customers who are LGBT or polyamorous.  Bigotry is not welcome in Madison.
