4	I think the best think I can say about this is it felt like a Scottsdale library instead of a Snotsdale library.  That is a really good thing! There were very real looking people, doing very real library things.  I"m not sure what I expected at first, but I was nervous it would have books, big screen internet and a bar like AZ 88 I guess....  It's a nice facility and easy to get around - though it can be a bit hard to find the place.  One of the best things is a book drop off right in the parking garage!  I thought that was awesome.  We went there for a meeting, and found the general meeting area and auditorium/lecture hall were quite nice.  Even had those college era mini desks that you could slide in front of you from the arm of the chair.  Gotta love that.
3	I am a bonafide book junkie. Libraries are my mecca. But, I'm picky. Getting a SPL card was a cinch. I only needed one proof of residence, although I brought the recommended three, including a Netflix envelope. Once I had my card, I was ready to explore. I headed first to the public computers that help you locate books... yes! With scraps of papers and mini-pencils handy, I was good to go, once I had selected a couple books to hunt down. So far, so good.But then the library got tricky. Running out of the alphabet before I had found my book. Turning into another section - from Fiction to Large Print. WTF? I decided to turn this hunt into more of a tour, so I wandered the aisles, studied the names of sections and eventually re-acquainted myself with the library system. Don't get me wrong. This isn't rocket science. It's also not pop rocks. Having found my books and a couple DVDs, I proceeded to check out. Super easy, too. I can renew online? Bonus!My first trip to the library was GREAT. Then the second one came. The library had NONE of the books I came looking for, and I was prepared to find AT LEAST ONE of the books on my list of 5. Nope. So I put some "on hold" for me and wandered about, very disappointed. That's when I began to dislike this library. None of my books? Really? This library isn't browsing-friendly like others I have seen. Even the ol' library in Stillwater, Oklahoma was more comfortable than this one. In fact, I miss that ol' library, with its shelves of poetry, psychology, magazines and literature... so easy to find, so easy to browse, so easy to sit for hours and read. I couldn't leave SPL fast enough. On my way out, a man working (volunteering?) there showed me how to use the self-service check-out system. Nice! He was a friendly ol' man, who assumed I knew NOTHING about self-service machines... and probably doubted my ability to read, for he explained step-by-step what I needed to do in order to check out my books. At least the lesson was in-depth enough for me to fully comprehend - and then some. So, the next time I went to SPL - to pick up the books I had put on hold (score!) - I used the self-service check-out. I was in and out in like 7.46 minutes. So, let's recap:*SLP has books!*SLP doesn't always have the books you want. (Sad face)*You can renew online, create a profile and share reviews. *You can place books on-hold from any computer, if you're logged into your account.*People working there are friendly.*It's easy to get a card. Just bring in your SRP bill, like I did. *It's not an easy place to browse.*SPL doesn't make you feel like you want to spend hours there.*There are private rooms; just not sure how you reserve them.*There are monthly activities at the library - but mostly about old-fart diets and how to use Microsoft Word. *There's FREE parking in THE SHADE! *You can check your items out yourself, with their self-service check-out machine. *It's pretty ugly inside - brown, biege, dull and lifeless.
5	I love this library! I grew up here so I have a soft spot for it. I'm closer to the Phoenix Library so I go online, put on hold what I want, pick it up and I'm in and out in less than 10 just like another reviewer said but if I can't find it at Mesquite it's worth trying here.You can do the same thing here. Go online, put them on hold and pick them up. Otherwise, like someone said you might not find what you're looking for. The parking is super easy. There is a sheriff's dept. or police station right next door and the police cars are parked in this parking garage so be extra careful how you drive.If you want to hang out inside there are big comfy chairs looking out  giant windows.The area is really cool.  Swing right to the Scottsdale Center for the Arts where there are water fountains, flowers, lawns, and ducks.It's good for walking the nephew up to Old Scottsdale. He can throw pennies in the fountains, feed the ducks, run in the grass. There are sculptures and the horse and carriage are often at the end of the walk. If you have to use the SCA restrooms, the lights change color which is awesome to a little kid.Just don't go on the day they have an event.
5	The library kicksass and here is why.So you want to read a book, well go to http://library.scottsdaleaz.gov/ and see if they have it.  If so, well go get it, if its checked out you can request a hold on it and when its returned they send you an email telling you its in and hold it for you up to 10 days. As well as books they have DVDs and VHS movies. You can check out up to 10 at a time for 3 weeks. The selection is pretty good also. Now they have current  releases but those are usually always checked out or reserved. So don't go expecting to get the most recent Will Smith or Seth Rogan movie. What you can get are alot of the movies that are on AFI's top 100 movie list. They have a good amount of Criterion Collection movies. As well as a few television shows DVD seaons. So this is a great place to get those classic movies you have heard are good but have never seen. They have a huge selection of documentaries, instructional movies, concert, and educational DVDs. As well as books and DVDs they have the recent magazine puplications for your enjoyment. These you are not able to check out but are able to read there. They back issues I believe can be checked out but am not sure. Oh yeah and all this for free so I can't see how anybody cannot love and take advantage of the Scottsdale Public Library.
4	I love this library. After Burton Barr, coolest library in the valley. Favorite things:-they've got library card keychain tags so you never have to forget to bring your card with you.-the website. no, they don't have every book, CD and DVD waiting for you at all times, sometimes other people check them out. So go online, reserve it - they'll send you an email when it's available, and it'll be waiting on the shelf for you when you get there-you can have up to 50 items out at a time (used to be 10 at a time for CDs and DVDs, but not anymore)-parking: there's always plenty of spots available, and it's covered (particularly important during the hot summer months)-free internet-super friendly service
4	It is not always about the cocktails and the food. Sometimes it's about the quieter, more scholarly pursuits. That's when I turn to my old friend, the Scottsdale Public Library (not "liberry").This place is truly a gem and something the City of Scottsdale really does right. I tend to use the Civic Center branch most often, these days, since I live nearby (although I used the Arabian Branch when I lived up north and I have been to all the branches over the years). I love to read, and while I seem to buy several dozen books a year, it's great to be able to use the library for those tomes that I do not necessarily want to add to MY library.I love to just walk in and smell the old paper and typical "library" smell. I love to browse the shelves and I can lose myself in the racks for hours! Here's the rest of the story (with apologies to the late Paul Harvey, although why I need to apologize to dead guy, I don't know...it sounded better in my head than it looks once I write it down...oh well...leave it in). Once you go and get your library card, you have access to all of the services the library has to offer...amazing , amazing services and tools!Did you know that you can borrow from the Library of Congress through these folks? You can certainly use and borrow from all libraries in AZ using your card?Did you know they have thousands of DVD's and CD's as well as podcast books and music?Did you know that they have the big boy subscription to Lexis-Nexis so that you don't have to buy one? Did you know that they have subscribed to more than 50 different research sites and databases so that you don't have to? Did you know that you can access all this on line, so you can get the hook up from anywhere (I have gotten really useful info-bits while waiting for connecting flights, using my aircard halfway around the world...good stuff!).Did you know that they have scores (go look that up if you don't know what a "score" is...good way to get to know the library:) of educational programs for everything from languages to crafts to wildlife and history to music and software usage skills (not everyone is a zen master with excel or word).The library itself is a beautiful piece of architecture on the inside, beautiful lines and soothing colors and lighting, with great natural light for reading in the very comfortable chairs by the windows overlooking the park (I can't really say that about the exterior, but it is right in the park so it does have that going for it).I have always enjoyed a good library...we don't spend enough time just thinking and good library encourages you to sit down for bit, read for bit and think for a bit, all good things to do!It's free!
5	This is the best library in the valley. Although it's not the most accessible, and for me going means trekking down Scottsdale Road...I feel that this library is worth every effort. It's modern in design, staffed with wonderful, knowledgeable, and well-read individuals, and provides every nook-and-cranny you could ever expect a library to do. Civic Center soars to new heights!The library is large and expansive, and located amongst other cool things in downtown Scottsdale which give it an all-around good vibe. It's large enough to accommodate a mass amount of people comfortably, and provides numerous cubicles and carol's for study. The collection here is every growing and extremely resourceful, not to mention organized and well-structured. Covered parking is a plus!Needless to say, this is my absolute favorite library in the Valley, it blows Burton Barr away!
3	I'm so glad I got a Scottsdale PL Card and that this location is so close to where I work. I'm a Phoenix PL user and the difference between the two systems is glaring and a little sad. Anyway, SPL allows you to put as many books on hold as you want and they come in extraordinarily fast. I had been running in to pick up holds without checking the place out for the past few weeks, but this week I gave the Civic Center a once over. This place had a LOT of money thrown at it; enormous and architecturally interesting, it is a virtual book warehouse. There are 5 rows dedicated just to Large Print books, which is way beyond what I've seen elsewhere (and speaks to the SPL demographic). 8 rows for Romance novels? My BFF would be in heaven here! I appreciate that the teen and children's sections are separated from the main stacks and the teen area looked well-used and pretty busy for a Tuesday evening.  It's a good library.
5	They have recently added a shit-ton more movies to their selection. If your a movie junkie like myself you will love how many Criterion Collection dvd's they have to choose from. They have also added alot of television show season DVD's, which is a score for us who are taking advantage of Scottsdale's public library.
5	I thought I would add an element that the other reviews didn't mention. I go to this library with my kids. The reason the kids jump in the car is that the kids section is just so cool looking. The small kiddie area has this giant cat paw which is a bench to sit on. The rest of the kids section is a castle theme, complete with a draw bridge and tower to read in. They need to put more light to be able to really read, though. It's colorful and bright, not like any library I had available when I was a kid. It makes you want to read and hang out there! If they made all the schools this cool looking no one would ever leave! :)I am enclosing some photos because if you are visiting or you just have to find a way to kill some time with kids on a budget, this library is great. The kids find the books pretty easily. There is a teen section but I did peek in and it looked pretty hip. I really love that the adult section it is done in a mission style, probably to nod to Frank Lloyd Wright's presence in the Valley. It looks old and traditional and that is rare in a new city like Phoenix.Other details: The parking is covered--a must in AZ. There are always nooks to hang out by yourself. The staff is very helpful. The check out is pretty easy with bar coding. They also have a good baby program for the really young kids. Great place to rent DVD's and save some money. Oh and the drive thru book drop off is helpful. While you are at it, donate your books and mags to recycle in the drive thru. And then go run around outside on the Mall area. I don't mean stores Mall, just a big sidewalk area with no cars. Snap a photo at the LOVE sculpture too. All good fun and a smart way to pass the day.
5	Call me a communist, but I love sharing books, music and movies. I am ALWAYS at this library either wandering aimlessly for hours or running in to pick up great items on hold.  Scottsdale is really lucky that a lot of it's taxes get thrown to the public library system, especially when most libraries are reducing staff and operational hours. Even their website is great, highlighting a ton of literary collections you might not think of.  For instance, they are supporting local authors with their "Read Local" promotion, and this week the site has a selection of Banned Books that are must-reads! Also check out the website for an endless stream of events and programs including writing workshops, book clubs, and even free entrepreneurial business seminars! Libraries make paying taxes worthwhile.
5	I'm a nerd what can I say. I like to hang out in libraries, this is a beautiful example of a library.
5	I love this library - and yes, I do love all libraries.Great selection of products, great programming, and great staff. Incredible youth section that makes kids excited to come to the library. You have to check it out for yourself.
5	The Scottsdale Public Library can be easily overlooked and it's really not surprising considering it it lives in the shadows of various restaurants, Giant's Spring Training, festivals, bars and performance centers? But that doesn't mean it's to be forgotten. And so with that comes my review of the Scottsdale Public Library. Libraries are a lost art. They really are. I think that with the internet and electronics like Kindles, a library doesn't hold the importance it once did. However, the Scottsdale Public Library is still a staple to Scottsdale and it still thrives as a classic library in town. They have a wide variety books that are free to borrow with a library card. They also have a wide variety of movies to rent for free too! In the past, the library has come to my rescue when I needed internet and mine didn't seem to be working at the moment. Here you can use their computer and work online. It's in a prime location within the Civic Center and the views are enjoyable. That's about it, so a high five goes out to the Scottsdale Public Library!
5	Since living in Scottsdale over the past 5 years, just minutes away from the library I have taken to calling it my home away from home as I pursue a masters. The hours are great, the staff as "geeky" and awkward as you'd like them to be and the people watching (when reading and typing just gets too boring) is on par with the mall or any airport I've been too. The quiet section is usually well respected and there are always the rare few people who seem to think they are talking on their phones in their living room but there is usually plenty of seating, and at worse study rooms for those who need to work in groups or really need some peace and quiet.p.s. Keep an eye out for the "fisherman". He's a guy (I believe) that comes in with a Home Depot bucket and a trench coat, sits near the windows and curses up a storm at himself, and presumably the world and it's consipracies. Priceless though at times distracting.
5	Friendly knowledgeable staff. Pleasant atmosphere. What more can you ask for??
4	Large library with the best resources in the Valley outside of Burton Barr library in Phoenix.  Sometimes tough to get on one of the computers. Nice to grab a magazine or newspaper to read in one of the easy chaits with a view of the Mall.
5	This is one of  best libraries I have ever been to.  I live very close by and it is very easy to stop by to pick something up or drop something off.  This is always a must visit before road trips to California to pick up books for the adults and kids as well as DVD 's for the road trip.  We visit this location at least once a week and the kids love it.
4	I love drifting and browsing through this place looking for great book, CD, and DVD titles. It's one of the standout things that makes me really enjoy living in this neighborhood. Like other reviewers have cited - you can grab a comfy easy chair by the windows and read and gaze out onto the plaza, or a private meeting room if you need to really concentrate. And their bookstore is well worth mentioning: small as it is, they get in some real gems from time to time, at a fraction of the price compared to typical discount/used bookstores.   My one nit to pick with the place is in regard to the people who seem to have no care or concern that they are in a library and need to keep quiet. This includes loud groups of kids who sometimes bustle through, and these loud cell phone talkers. Hey people, take it outside! The only reason I've cited this in my review is that the library staff seems to have no care to quieten these people. Please, library staff, take note (your service to us courteous customers overall is outstanding, btw - thank you)!
5	a beautiful glass architectural gem!they have conference rooms for your study groups!there are plenty of computers to use for free in the evenings!make sure you check out their magazine and book shop!
4	I seriously come here so much that I've stopped checking in because I'm embarrassed of how nerdy I am.  I love this lib because for all the same reasons listed in the previous reviews: the architecture, the staff, the ambiance, being able to look online to see if a book I want is available...super nice.I opt to come here because of their armchairs.  In most coffee shops, the cushy seats are usually snatched up pretty quickly, but at this library, I've never had a problem finding a comfy area facing the park to curl up with my book, laptop, study paraphernalia, whatever.  The area is well lit and serene, and me and my tushy are happy.  There's also an area with a more dungeon-y feel if that's more your style.  Something for everyone.There was a time where I was a few days late returning a book (tsk tsk).  But, they must give some sort of grace period or something because they didn't even charge me a late fee.  I like that.  I've never checked out a DVD but I've awkwardly wandered around the section and looks to be a pretty decent spread.  Something worth checking out.  (Haha, get it?)One gripe: the other day when I was there, there were some kids running wild and I was a bit disappointed when no librarians stepped up to "Shh" them.  It was around the time school gets out so they must run some after-school program or something, so if you're looking for peace and quiet, maybe avoid that time, or be prepared to yell at them yourselves because the staff certainly won't.A kinda quick tip: Since it's located near the Scottsdale Stadium, it's impossible to find parking during a Spring Training game so don't even bother.  Don't ask me why I was hitting up the library during Spring Training, but yes, iit happened.
4	This is actually a really nice library but growing up here I guess I take it for granted. Has lot's of computers and large child's section. It's under renovation now and there were quite a few homeless people sleeping in the library lol, So I still won't go no matter how nice it is  after the remodel LMAOO. I could see a rape taking place here in the future.
2	Very disappointed in the service I received this time around.This used to be my local library when I lived in Scottsdale for over 2 years. I loved coming here because they had a book sale the size of a NYC apartment filled with paperbacks, hardcovers, and even magazines. I hoped to stock up on some books for an upcoming vacation and dragged my stepdad with me to this library with promises of loads of paperbacks for only 50 cents each. Sadly, when we got there the library was undergoing major construction and the book sale was reduced to the size of a closet. We each only found one book. We were told the other books were probably in a back room somewhere waiting for construction to be over. I was dying for a chance to get into the back room......I particularly wanted to read a certain James Patterson book right away so I asked the librarian if she had a copy I could borrow (since there wasn't one for sale). She informed me that they had 1 copy of the novel somewhere but wasn't sure where in the library it would be located. ????? This left me ???? So I went off in search of the novel myself amongst the shelves and located all the newer Patterson books including the one that came directly after the one I wanted to read. but the one i wanted was just nowhere to be found.This trip = fail.i just didn't have the heart to give it only 1 star because I remain convinced that once construction is done, the library will return to the great library I remembered.
5	Clean, quiet, have plenty of available friendly staff and decent selection at this location.Any items available for reserve online and you'll get an email when your item is ready for pickup -- perfect for expanding your music collection :)Easy parking in the garage. Easy item returns in bins at garage or self-scan return at library entry.
5	This is the warmest and nicest library I've ever been to. I grew up walking to the library every summer and making my parents drive me on the weekends (I wasn't allowed to watch tv as a kid, figures). Scottsdale has a great library. If you want to get in touch with your childhood, be ready to receive strange stares and glares from the workers when you enter the teen section.Just saying...Oh, and you can browse the internet, and print thing, AND a library card here is free. I've always had to pay $5 for a library card! Free is free, so go get one!
5	Love the central location in Old Town. The place is clean and quite for the most part. They have a decent book/movie selection and what they don't have, you can try to reserve it or get it from one of their other branches or from the Phoenix library or even from some of their online libraries. You can get their e-books sent to your Kindle. Parking is easy since there's a garage. In the garage are the book return bins, so that makes returning things after-hours easy as well. The staff is helpful and nice. It's a nice place to come study or just hang out and read.
5	Love this library! Did you know that you don't even have to be a Scottsdale resident, just a Maricopa County resident to get a library card here? They have an excellent selection of books, magazines, movies, and DVD's. There's a large children's and young adult section as well and numerous computers for those who want to get online. Plus, you can have books or other items delivered here from any of the Scottsdale libraries and they will e-mail you when your items arrive.There's even a new coffee shop in the lobby and all of the employees are extremely friendly.Definitely high on my list of recommendations.
5	An excellent library with free computer access, clean facilites, and an extremely friendly staff. Copies or printouts at this library are $.25 for one page black and white, and they have a free fax machine for local numbers.Honestly, this is one of the nicest modern libraries I have ever been in. They have a vast collection of all types of media, and it is very easy to navigate.
5	Many a Sunday afternoon I would find myself here. Both the Civic Center and Library are wonderful to walk around. Once I'm done with the relaxing the hunt is on! First we have to peruse the DVDs; once we have looked at every single one we hit up the CDs. After that if we can carry anything else and they aren't closing up for the day we wander the books.Another great thing about the Scottsdale Library is their program where you can download  a few MP3's every month. I don't remember the amount or the exact restrictions as I haven't done it in a few years, but it I remember getting some really cool really obscure music through their program.
5	This is a nice library with friendly staff, lots of programs, convenient to my home and it has covered parking - what more can you ask for!
5	Great facility and very convenient online services.  Two thumbs up!
5	I come here to work when I can't seem to focus at home. There are two quiet study rooms which are great if you arrive early enough to snag one.  I bring my laptop but there are public computers which are always in use. Great place to study, work or read a book.
5	Beautiful library.  Check out their passes to go visit local museums and events for free.  Also, a part of the library is set aside to exhibit local art.
4	I grew up going to libraries and now I bring my family to the library.   It's been a bit of a running joke to even visit public libraries when we go on vacations and I haven't a book for myself in decades.The Scottsdale Public Library - Civic Center is one of the best libraries.  It's spaciously clean and the staff is helpful.  They offer free wireless and now even has a cafe now (I've never actually been there when it is open so I can't comment on that).    It's looking more like a bookstore where patrons can relax in cushioned seat.  They even have ample covered parking (just be careful to avoid going during San Francisco Giants spring training games).   Some other frills that I've used include freegal (3 free Mp3's a week) and culture pass program (free passes to local museums).Newly implemented is a $1 charge for books placed on hold that are not picked up.   Their hold system does offer text message alerts which can be helpful to avoid this charge.They did do some remodeling including adding in the cafe and an automated check-in system where patrons can feed their lending materials into machine.   This system is not intuitive.   So many times I've seen people perplexed in front of these machines.  Luckily, you can always ask someone for help.In comparison to the Phoenix libraries, the Phoenix library has more breadth of books to offer.  In comparison to one other library I've seen.... Scottsdale has decided not to offer any Blu Ray DVDs.     As a taxpayer, I'm fine with this; as a patron, I'm left wanting.Libraries are a wonderful idea where anyone can walk in and learn something without paying anything (well,at taxpayer expense) and the Scottsdale Public Library @ the Civic center is an excellent example of this.
4	Very nice library.  Cool staff, good selection, easy to order items they do not have there.  Chill place to kick back as well.  Just wish they didn't have that $1 fee if you forgot to pick up an item on hold......Brutal.
4	I come here almost everyday on my lunch and it is a great library.  Their recent remodel really improved the flow and layout--the front entrance feels so much more open now without the large checkout/information counter.  They also have added a coffee shop which has improved the smell as you walk in too.  And the covered parking is fantastic especially during the summer months.I do have a few gripes though. Their wi-fi is really spotty.  It's been a few months since I've last connected to it because I got so frustrated with it, but you would be connected and be suddenly dropped.  Then it took a bit longer to reconnect.  It was difficult working on homework here because of this issue.  Also, they have a large gallery that is near the children's section that is switched out every few months.  Sometimes these galleries can be kid-oriented and can become quite loud.  You can hear it throughout the library.  I think it's great that the library has this feature--just wish they installed some doors to block out the noise.  And I'm in agreement with a few other reviewers that it would be nice to have blu-ray as an option for movies.  Not a high priority because of budgetary reasons, but I find myself going to Maricopa County's Iibrary to check out blu-ray movies.Overall, superb library with some minor annoyances that can easily be corrected in the future.
4	Came here for the Indian festival, and it was great to walk around the area. Beautiful place and you can't beat free parking nearby. Definitely would come here again when we're on this side of town.
5	An excellent library: wonderful selection, nicely laid out, with lots of light and room and comfy seating.  You can order a lot of audio and ebooks online, order books from other branches, reserve items that are out, etc with the click of a few buttons. They have a terrific young adult room (glassed in, no grown-ups allowed), and cool exhibits in a large space. Even the location is wonderful - lots of benches and trees nearby, for reading.
4	Just got my first library card in about 10 years... Libraries have changed! They have a huge selection of DVDs and music to borrow. And did you know you can request books online, and if they don't have them at your "home" library, they'll ship em there?!  There's also to opportunity to download books from the library to your e-book device. So cool ... I haven't explored the gift shop or coffee spot in the library yet.  I have managed to find good books including the 30-day Vegan Challenge and a cook book to go along with it.  Can't wait to see what else the library has in store for me!
5	The fine art of finding a quite corner cracking open a book that clearly hasn't been opened in awhile and finding a new favorite seems to be a lost art now in days but not at Civic Center Library.Hands down this is my favorite library in Scottsdale ( I think it might also be the biggest). They have a large selection of DVD's and Blu-Rays including a lot of new releases. The children's section is very big as well. There are other libraries closer to me but I really like going to this one so I go out of my way to stop by. They're are quite a few cultural events they put on, as well as different classes.I've been to some of the children's Shake Rattle and Rock music classes and they were actually quite a bit of fun. Any age, any interest in books, music, movies  you should check out this very unique library.
5	I love the Scottsdale library. Solid little used bookstore, serious DVD/Blu ray selection, awesome coffee shop, great teen center (check out their website for lots of free summer activities), fantastic kiddie section and overall general book nerd paradise.The staff is always pleasant and helpful, I love that I can self checkout (do miss the "THUNK" of the old timey due stamp they used to use...) and the views are phenomenal. Covered parking and drive thru return bins are an added bonus. My only gripe is the petition people that seem to be hovering around the front 2nd floor entrance constantly - just a go and different route to avoid them!Make sure you bring a cute carrying bag when you visit because you'll definitely need one when you leave.
5	In 34 years I have only seen improvement on what was 5 stars in 1980. The norm for even the best is to have some missteps and at least one step backwards. My personal experience has not included missteps or any steps backward . This does not indicate that everything is the best but that my experience could not ask for more. I have hundreds of what the library states as having 15. Without a demand why should they. They have given excellent advice, been friendly, courteous and practical. introduced me to knew areas. Thank You!
5	This building itself is just beautiful even if you don't step inside. The reading rooms upstairs look like something from inside a palace or cathedral. The call system for requesting books from the stacks below was way ahead of it's time. Take the time to check this place out.
4	I was here for a meeting a few years ago and I decided to explore the library after it finished. I was very impressed! Beautiful, located in downtown Scottsdale, I had always passed it on my way to ASU but never stopped. I like that they have material returns in the parking lot and various other locations. The teen area was really nice and I liked their bookstore. The children's area was stunning and I loved the view of the plaza in the general seating area. I should come back and explore more.
5	This is my favorite place to escape the world. Why not? It's a beautiful library, always clean, nestled in between the crazy touristy spots of Scottsdale and adjacent to my fave museum SMoCA and of course foodie spots like the Mission, AZ88, and Distrito. Parking is so easy and it's covered, perfect during summer time heat, but drive slow since it also shares space with the Scottsdale PD!!!Once you walk in, it just beckons you to feed that nerd status because as Frank Sinatra said it shouldn't be a staring contest when you go out, we like intelligent people. It's perfect for me I am surrounded by book lovers, thinkers, readers, and doers. The energy just makes you that smarter for choosing to spend a few hours here. There is a cafe offering treats to delight you. Private rooms, spacious tables and plenty of plush leather chairs that look out to the courtyard will keep you planted here for hours (though 3 hour parking forces you to play musical chairs after that). WiFi is readily available and the card catalog system is easy to navigate. Reserving a book is so easy and convenient, offering also latest releases and best sellers. Why do Redbox when they also offer tons of DVDs, including seasons of great shows like Suits or Dexter? And there's a little side spot that you can pick up used books or magazines in case you like collecting those kinds of things. In fact, you can bring your own items to donate as well. Staff is incredibly sweet and attentive if you get lost, feel like a goober because you haven't stepped into one as an adult. They also offer tons of classes from writing your business plan to guitar lessons for the kiddos. Most are free and others are at a minimal cost. I stinkin adore the various exhibits that they feature as they are so diverse. I will say if you happen to travel and forget to turn in your books, the cost is really minimal and the guilt alone will force you to be more timely, no names need to be mentioned.
