5	I've always been a big scaredy cat when it comes to going to the dentist.  So when I was told I needed some major dental surgery, I pretty much hit the roof.  I did a TON of research - spent about 6 months going to different oral surgeons and dentists.  each one gave me different options, but none of them listened to my fears and concerns...until I went to Dr. Chris Winterholler.  He truly listened to me and took my concerns and occupation (I'm an actor, so my smile and teeth are very important) into consideration when planning out my treatment.  I was informed on everything, every step of the way!  When it came time for my surgery, Dr. Winterholler took extra time to make sure everything was absolutely perfect and that I was happy with the final product.  His assistant Amy held my hand and talked me through the whole thing.  She made me feel safe and calm.  Dr. Winterholler even gave me his personal cell phone number (since my surgery was right before the weekend) in case I had any problems.  And one of the girls in the office went next door and bought me some soup to take home!Everyone there makes you feel like family.  It's a great enviornment - I wouldn't trust my smile to anyone else.
5	Outstanding dentist and outstanding staff. The dental assistant is excellent in assisting you with understanding your dental coverage. She knows how to work with your dental insurance to get maximum results. I came to this dentist because I needed emergency dental work. The scheduling of an appointment was smooth, and service was prompt. No long waits. I was misinformed by another dentist that I had no coverage for dental implants when I actually had 70 percent coverage under my existing insurance plan. THANK YOU! My dental implant work was also well done.This is a very competent and professional operation.
5	I can't say enough about the Winterhollers, and my new smile!  I lost a veneer from one of my top front teeth that had been in place for 25 yrs.  Through the years the two implants came to look noticeably different from my other teeth.  And with the lost implant, I suddenly looked like Dracula!In two visits one day after the other, Drs. Patrice and Chris had me back in great working order.  They and their team gave me two new great-looking veneers, and a whole set of teeth more than six shades whiter than they were previously.For the first time in years I have a bright smile I'm once again proud of!
5	I have been through hell and back trying to find a dentist that would work on my teeth.  It was to the point where I almost completely lost hope. Until I found Winterholler Dentistry. Both of the doctors met with me and gave me the consultation I needed. After my first visit, I was full of tears of joy and they didn't even work on my teeth yet. It's been a couple months now and I couldn't be happier. I know it sounds cheesy but I am positive that I'll be balling my eyes out with happiness when my treatment is done. I can't wait. The office is completely out of my way but it is so worth it. The staff is beyond amazing, both doctors actually care and check on me all the time, and Shelly... I give her mad props. She is so patient and helpful. I've had some weird scheduling problems myself but she was there to work with me even after the billion times I called. Not once, did she sound irritated or make me feel bad for calling all the time. She's awesome. Thanks you guys! You've really made a big impact in my life already. I can't wait to show everyone my new and improved smile thanks to all of you!
