4	FIRST!Prepping to go to the AT&T store is like prepping to fight a boxing match: I warm up my moves, i review my tactics and  I practice my trash talk. Why? Cause lets face it, AT&T is KNOWN for shitty customer service, and unfortunately my track record at the AT&T stores has not been good: I have yelled, screamed, banged counters, threaten to move to TMobile (and Sprint, Verizon, etc etc), threaten to burn the building down, threaten to sue, etc etc etc.I swear its not my fault, i'm just not very patient with bad customer service... and I have my anger issues.So this time, I prepped once again. I got an iPhone 4 from a friend and I wanted to move my info and get a new microSim card. It was my first smartphone (I know i know, i'm late in joining the revolution) but since I don't have a contract with AT&T I got used to being bullied into signing one every time I went into their store.Luckily, all the forces of nature were with me on this trip. The store was empty, the reps were in a good mood and at no point in time did they mention my lack-of-contract with them in the 6 years that I've been a customer (I know, I have contract issues, don't judge me). Thomas, my CS rep was quick to get my sim card ready, transfer all my staff and make sure I was getting all the discounts I could capture. Sure, he was a little weird and talked to himself as well as made weird noises- but hey! wouldn't YOU be a little crazy too if you had to work at the AT&T store? Unfortunately for Thomas, the sim card he gave me was a piece of crap and started failing on the spot. He had to get me a new one and re-do the whole data transfer. The whole transaction took me like 30mins at the store, equally painful for me and him but I left a happy customer- no contracts, slightly higher monthly pay and a new working phone with most of my data transferred. This might have been the ONLY positive trip to an AT&T store I have ever had in my entire life. Good job Thomas, good job.
1	Wow... You guys have OFFICIALLY hit a new low! First, you pulled a massively sneaky pete by tricking my fiance into a 2 year contract by offering a $100 promotion (and of course, forgetting to mention that accepting the promotion would mean a contract), then, after visiting the store, and calling several times to speak with your utterly incompetent reps, he finally managed to get the account canceled - double and triple checking that everything was completely paid. Now, mysteriously, several months later, we get a call from a COLLECTIONS agency stating that we owe AT&T money. When we called you guys to find out what the hell was going on - your unfortunate excuses for reps A. Couldn't find the account, and B. Upon finding the account didn't have any good excuses or reasons for not notifying us of an outstanding balance (especially since we made more than enough efforts to make sure that everything was 100% taken care of). Not only did we get a major attitude from not only your reps, but the sassy "supervisor", but now we're also having to deal with some collection agency to get this taken care of. PLEASE SPARE YOURSELF THE HEADACHE AND NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH AT&T!!!!
5	I have been to this store twice now.  It isn't the closest to me, but I come here for the service.  In particular, Kelli.  I had a bit of a rocky start with AT&T, received a lot of misinformation and found myself with a substantially lower phone bill than Sprint, but with an iPhone 5S that couldn't be transferred.  I ended up switching to an iPhone 3GS until I'm eligible for an upgrade in 6 months.  The reason I stuck it out is because of the service.  Every encounter I have had with AT&T has been positive.  Kelli in particular impressed me when I walked into the store for the second time yesterday and she remembered who I was.  I showed her my 3GS and we joked about it being a 2009 phone in a 2014 world, and she helped me swap it out to a Nokia Lumia 520.  Something temporary until I can upgrade to iPhone 6.  I really felt like I was being helped by a friend, and working in customer service and sales, that is the ultimate goal.  To establish rapport that will build long lasting relationships.  Even though Kelli will officially be my go-to person at this store, everyone else here that I have encountered has also been very pleasant and they truly work as a cohesive team.  I have only been to one other AT&T store here in AZ, and although the service was excellent, I noticed the service at this store had an organic feel.
1	Worst ATT store around.  The manager in particular is so rude and has no ability to offer customer service.  Do not sign up at this store unless you want to get screwed over with a lousy contract.  They are only out for the money and have no customer service and this is lead by the manager of the store.
