4	This bar is pretty much a motorcycle bar now, it has great bands and variety. The club is pretty big and has a good selection of affordable drinks as well. There is some food next door to this place but it is ok to bring food to this club. The staff is pretty nice and the door charges at shows are always pretty low. I enjoy this venue very much(: "PAN"
3	My buddy dragged me along to check out this bar because a friend of his was performing that night.  Pulled up to the parking lot and in an instant felt out of place because the crowd outside all looked like "chollos".  The first things you'll notice too are the chopper motorcycles displayed outside.  Not that I was intimidated or being prejudice, but I knew my skinny jeans wearing ass will feel out of place inside. I'm sure nights without special events, this place looks like it would normally be filled with motorcyclist groups. Walked in, smokey atmosphere with a big stage with rappers performing, I was surprised how mellow the crowd was.  Not really a social crowd since it felt like everyone was divided with their own group of friends that night.  Chilled at the pool table area a bit and later checked out the performers.  I didn't feel the type of music they played or performed (west coast rap style) since the only hip hop I listen to are  De La Soul type of vibe.  But it's my opinion, so if you like this type of music, maybe you'd enjoy more.I can't believe they actually had a cover charge of $13 for a place like this! I wouldn't even pay $5 to get in this bar.  The beers for this type of bar should have been cheaper.  $5 a bottle for this joint seemed a bit overpriced for its location and appearance.  Maybe other nights are themed to attract a different crowd but as for my first experience, I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
3	They play reggae and hip hop on Fridays. Definitely not a fancy place. If you are the type of person that likes to get dressed up and act snooty and judge others on appearances then dont come here. seriously. lol.I had to add that because you always read reviews complaining about how people arent dressed fancy enough, they are ugly, low class, etc. etc. Like really who cares? you dont go out to judge others you go out to have fun with your friends. who cares what someone else is doing.Anyway... Ladies in free I'm guessing because I didn't pay.  No drama. Not crowded. A good place to go if you dont feel like getting dressed up and breaking the bank on the strip. They have slot machines at the bar. Another plus is that you can request songs you want to hear and there is no fist pumping music!!!!
1	Worst bar ever ... Music was local bad love them however the bartenders SHADY AS FFFF.. Charge there own tips and told me they don't serve water... Won't ever go back to this bar
