5	I'm basically an upbeat positive person...but some days I'm not my normal corky self. I arrived at Perry Monge flumoxed and in a bad mood--a special event meant that all nearby lots cost $12 for parking. Spending $12 for parking is spendy for a day in San Francisco...but in Phoenix for an hour? Please. I mentioned this to the poised woman at the check-in desk who said that next time I should park in the lot at their building where they validated parking. She then brough out a yummy iced tea for me to sip while filling out the new client form. I went to the bathroom, which featured a delightful scented candle, and then Sandy (?) brought me to the changing room and then my chair. A surprise: shortly after sitting down in the barber chair a woman brought me over to have my shampoo--and gave me a brief massage first. The massage/shampoo woman had a very positive energy to her. Marina cut my hair and, although she was not much of a talker, was upbeat and gave me a great cut. I've been looking for a great place in Phoenix and found it. No one will ever compare to my beloved Cid at Barbarella in San Francisco, but I do have a new favorite salon locally in the Valley of the Sun.
5	Perry has been cutting my hair for about 4 to 5 years.  Whenever I walk out of there I cannot believe how my hair looks, and I oftern get complete strangers complimenting my cut.  Perry does a great job of taking my preferences and developing cuts that flatter me. What more can I ask?The  massage before the shampoo is standard and more than once I've fallen asleep.  Once a couple years ago, in the late afernoon of a particularly frustrating day at work, they asked if I wanted anything to drink.  I said, only if you have vodka.  Next thing I know, a clear drink on ice shows up...and tasted suspiciously like vodka.  No that's customer service.
1	I went in for a simple, everyday, ordinary haircut. TWO HUNDRED SEVENTY THREE (that's $273.00) later, I came home with products I just HAD-TO-HAVE pushed on me like drug dealers by everyone from the stylist, the shampoo girl, the facial girl, the counter girls, who just wouldn't take "NO" for an answer and are very well-trained to "put you on the spot" in front of other customers so as to embarrass you, and "trick" you into buying something you really don't need just to boost their commission sales. Jennifer hasn't the foggiest notion how to properly complete a man's haircut. She neglected to trim the sideburns, ear, nose, eyebrow, and neck hair, even though I asked her, to which she responded, "We have people who do that!" (for an extra charge!) and suggested I spend more money to have another girl wax these areas. WTF? Are you kidding me here? REALLY? On the lighter note, I am getting a so-called complimentary facial. Definitely a place where you should prepare yourself to be accosted by staff to spend more money!
5	I absolutely love Perry Monge Salon!  I have been going there since 2004 and it has never disappointed.  The entire staff is friendly and makes you feel right at home.  Marina is amazing with hair...I only wish she could style my hair every morning!  The extra perks beyond an amazing hair cut are the chair massage before your wash and the hand massage during your cut!  I spend 75% of my time in Dallas and 25% of my time in Phoenix, but insist on only having my hair cut at Perry Monge!
5	There is no doubting that I am an Aveda girl. Being in Phoenix and having plenty of Aveda salons around you would think I'd be beauty-heaven. But when I left Cleveland I was very hesitant to leave my hairdresser so I scheduled my hair appointments around when I'd be flying home. Well, as one could image, that become very expensive, so I finally decided to take a chance with Perry Monage downtown. I'm so glad I did! From the moment I walked in to the stylist, they were spot-on with customer service and they did an amazing job with my cut and color, too! There was a little up-selling me with products which I wasn't use to and I must admit, I did cave but I mean, Aveda, hello? Can we say amazing!I'm still in love with Aveda and I'm now in love with Perry Monage.
4	Perry Monge Salon Spa is excellent.  I've been going to see Alma for 6 years.  I love the environment (very tight knit, family, warm) and the people who work there.  Patricia is awesome managing the office and always recognizes my voice when I call.  The facials from Brittany are wonderful and I get constant compliments on my hair.  Well worth the extra dollars for the extra care and expertise!
5	Best hair cut in town. Clean facility, friendly staff, and they are always very welcoming. Definately recommend getting your hair cut here...actually, I recommend getting them all cut - HA! (hair cut humor is just awful) If you are in to hair products, they have a great selection on Aveda stuff.
5	I love this place! The customer service is second to none. The front desk staff is always friendly and helpful. I have a great hairstylist, and the other services I have received have been wonderful. Even when I am there just on my lunch break to pick up a few things, I am always offered something to drink. Products are recommended, but there is no pressure to make any purchases. It's comfortable, clean, and the staff is always on time. Yay for Perry Monge!!
5	I was in the market for a new stylist since mine fled the Phoenix scene in search of cooler weather in Colorado. I went to my Aveda store to pick up some products and there was a stylist from Perry Monge, Marie Luce ( sp?) gave me a coupon for 20.00 off so I decided to give it a try.OMG. From the moment I walked in I felt like royalty. I think I was getting the first timeservice but not only did I get one of the best haircuts, a styling, a 5 minute back massage, a very thorough hand massage, a facial ( yep),eyebrow waxing, a make-up refresher and an iced cappuccino. I wound up buying 3 products but I always buy something Aveda when I go so it wasn't a hard sell.I love my new look-my skin looks amazing and the total cost was 122.00 What?! I had a 20.00 off coupon but still....It was brilliant marketing. I have found a new stylist and I will be faithful in getting a facial each time I go because it's so worth it. I highly recommend Marie Luce, she is amazing!
5	Marina Ochoa. Amazing. 2 months later and I'm still getting compliments on the cut, and how healthy it looks. I've been going there for about 4-5 years, and will continue to do so!Marina will LISTEN to you. Tell her what you want, and she will give you ideas and suggestions. She won't push anything, including products. Though the products she recommends are always topnotch. She won't make you feel like you have to purchase anything. The staff is always very cheerful and happy to assist you with any questions. Tell Marina, Maria sent you :)
5	called at 5:15pm.  they closed at 5:30 but told me to come by.  I wish I knew the name of the woman who washed, cut and styled my hair as well as plied me with champagne AND did my makeup.  I am not from Phoenix but if I was I would never go anywher else.
5	I have been going to the Perry Monge Salon for about 14 years.  I love this place!!  If you are Latina, have curly hair, and cannot find anyone to cut your hair and/or style it because of the curl, this is your place!  Saturdays are busy, but I try to avoid them.  I am lucky, I work downtown so I am able to make an appt. right after work and not have to deal with the craziness of Saturdays.  Being a client for so long, I have tried their spa, waxing services, and of course hair services, and and happy with everything!  I have even recommended this salon to many friends and family, all of whom are still loyal clients.  An added bonus, my husband and I joined the Aveda Pure Privilege program, it took us approx. 4 years of saving our points, but in 2011, we had a 6 night stay in Jamaica!  It was absolutely wonderful.  We stayed at the Caves in Negril complete with complimentary massages.  Since then we have saved another 44,000 points and are looking forward to booking our 3 night stay in Antigua next year when we reach 50,000 points.
5	Stunning haircuts and service!  Marina is a highly skilled stylist; I recommend her for her beautiful cuts and personality.  I have never been disappointed by the service provided by any/all staff at this salon.  The atmosphere is fantastic! Complimentary beverages, scalp and hand massages, make-up touch ups, free parking....so many perks.  Unparalleled value.  It is truly not a surprise to see that many of the customers have long-term relationships with stylists at this salon.
5	This salon IS the best of the best!!! Believe the hype! From the moment you walk in the door you are treated like royalty, This is not your average salon where you go for just a cut. I got a hand massage and a back massage. The owner Perry is there walking around talking to all the customers. The ladies are all friendly! Even if you don't live close by this salon it is well worth the drive.
5	Wow! All I can say is WOW! From January to May 2013, I used MariLuz (sp?) as my brow stylist. She really brought out the best in my brows, making them perfect over time. Now that I've left PHX and moved to ABQ, I sure do miss her! I wish I could take her with me. Here in PHX, my eye brows have been murdered and skin pulled off of my eye lids. (Yes, I was at an Aveda concept salon) Once they grow out, if I can afford it, I'll fly to PHX for the day to have MariLuz fix them for me.
1	Worst pedicure ever. The polish bubbled and never cured properly. Besides making a mess of the job, the stylist lathered on a lot of artificial flattery and tried to pressure me to buy a bunch of unnecessary over-priced random products.  But all that I needed when I left this place was a new pedicure--which I gave to myself with some drugstore polish.  Never ever again will I go here!  Absolutely horrible experience.
5	OMG!!!! WOW I'm so amazed with my brazilian blow out.  Anna did an amazing job I'm so excited that I did it and will continue to do it.  It use to take an hour from wash to blow dry and straighten my hair.  It now takes 30minutes with a15 minute blow dry no straightener but I have the look like I used a straightener....I love this salon been coming for years and I enjoy all the staff.  They make you feel comfortable and they spoil u. Alma is my hairstylist and she is incredible as they all are....I love my perry salon thanks for helping me look amazing......
5	My mom and I have been faithful clients for over 10 years, and I don't think that will ever change! I am guilty of bringing too many pictures that try to show what I want in my next haircut, and they always go above and beyond and give me more than what I expected. I've had a pixie cut, asymmetrical bob, bangs, and highlights done, and I loved each and every change I made, thanks to them.Their massages before they work on your hair are AMAZING. I tend to doze off, and by the time I have to get up to walk to the sinks, I miss it already! Their tea is refreshing, and the salon itself is really hip and modern. It's quintessential Downtown.I always feel pampered when I go. They know what they're doing, and they're great at it. The price is definitely worth it, because unlike most salons, the work lasts and your hair leaves healthier than it did before.
2	I'm surprised that there are hardly any negative reviews- at least "recommended reviews." I'd like to start by saying that I travel a lot and have visited many Aveda salons and use mostly Aveda products.The spa really has a great atmosphere and everyone is friendly (except the red head receptionist). It's in downtown Phoenix which makes it feel very chic and exciting. They validate parking (I only paid $2 after validation, but I was at the salon for a few hours). They have fancy beverages and offer hand massages (an Aveda trademark). My stylist did a great job listening to my wants and needs and I feel she executed my wants and needs. She was up to date on all the new trends and was knowledgeable. She spent extra time with me and made sure I was happy.The negatives which will most likely make me not go back:It was expensive- once again, I visit Aveda salons frequently and was still shocked when the (unfriendly) receptionist rung me up.Partially the reason my ticket was so expensive was because I had 2 products that I was going to purchase. After seeing the bill, I put one back and thought about coming back another day to return the other because I was embarrassed and felt guilty putting both products back.This leads me into complaining about how they take EVERY chance at an up sell. Every person who I came into contact with tried with every effort to push products on me. I was shocked and extremely uncomfortable. I have never seen it that bad. I felt like I was at a car dealership or talking to a salesperson. Their focus was on selling me any product they could with NO SHAME at all. I know they make a commission based on products they sell but my lord! It's enough to make me not go back to the salon. I cannot express how annoying it was.
5	I have had quite a few bad experiences in Phoenix as far as haircuts are concerned, but since I have been going to Jennifer @ Perry Monge I have never had a bad haircut. Jennifer is so friendly, so knowledgeable and makes sure that I leave happy, and I always feel taken care of. I tend to be picky but vague as to what I want (indecisive maybe!!) but she sees right through that and makes my hair look fabulous, her mens cuts really are a work of art!
5	They did our hair, and my makeup for our wedding, and made me feel beautiful on that special day, wow, almost 8 years ago now.  They are consistent with the quality of service they provide.  I always leave feeling about three feet off the ground.  I love the complimentary aromatherapy massage, and the iced cappuccino is a must! This really is a gem of a salon, some of the friendliest stylists, and good atmosphere hands down. Love the folks at Perry Monge.
