3	This recent addition to Wesley Heights takes over the former bank that has housed a hair salon, a bail bondsmen, and a tattoo shop. Perhaps all those business failed because none of them served jelly donuts. This location is like any other franchise of Dunkin Donuts, so its really hard to get above the average for the chain. They carry the full menu of breakfast & lunch items some of which I'm sure could fill in for dinner if you're in the mood. There's a drive-thru if you're in a hurry but there is a parking lot & seating area if you're not. If you decide to stop in, there's wifi coverage from TWCWiFi and there are power sockets at the base of the upholstered bench. It should prove to be a popular dessert option when you don't necessarily want a slice of cake from Pinky's
4	Very friendly service!  This DD takeover is certainly an improvement over the former crap that was located at this corner.  I found the space to be welcoming and adequate for hanging out, having a latte while waiting to be seated at Pinky's.
2	Worst DD I've ever been to.  I don't mean the employees,  I hardly had any interaction with anyone,  but the parking lot and traffic flow is a complete cluster****.  The drive thru line was so long that I decided to park and go inside.  There was no clear cut path or walkway to the entrance, you must walk directly infront of the drive thru traffic.  Once inside, a note on the counter kindly informed customers that the latte machine was broken.  I turned around and left, but that didn't mean I was able to actually leave the parking lot. It took me about 5 minutes before somebody on Morehead Street let me into traffic. Only one way out of this parking lot, terrible!
5	Love this place, no matter when I go they are so sweet that's very hard to find in fast service places
1	Worst DD in town with obvious management problems. I drove through drive-thru twice in a week and they fixed my order wrong both times. After returning with my coffee, no acknowledgement what so ever. I have been going here since they opened and its had steadily gotten worst. Now I drive out of my way to go to the Southend location.
