5	Odd Wisconsin is one of the most unique local history exhibits I have seen, celebrating eccentric collections that originated in this state. There's a little bit of everything here, including plenty of nostalgia.- a Festivus pole- Multi-purpose food from the Cold War- a Hitler piggy bank- a 7-foot tall bowie knife- 125 year old toast- a women's rights flag made out of bras and birth control pills- a collection of old Presidential campaign buttons...and my all-time favorite:Displays of a 1990s family room and 1990s kitchen. Apparently that is a historic decade now. (And yes, it looks pretty accurate!)There is an additional floor that discusses the natural history of Wisconsin on a more serious tone. (This exhibit includes a life-sized cow and tractor.)At only $4 per person, the Odd Wisconsin exhibit can keep you busy and educated for several hours about the finest artifacts in the state.
4	I visited this museum in 8/04.  It's small, but interesting and informative.
5	A great museum, in a town that seems full of them.  I went to the Wisconsin Historical Society as well, but it's more a research library than a museum.  Strangely, there doesn't seem to be any connection between the two places.  This one is comparable to the museum section of the Ohio Historical Center; the WHS seems like the archives and library portion of that institution.When I went there was a special exhibit about toys, which was amusing but definitely more for kids.  There was also a small display of contemporary quilts.  The main floors hold the usual history and prehistory exhibits, well done with informative text and interesting artifacts.  There's a gift shop with a very good selection of books, local and general, as well as T-shirts and knickknacks.
4	The PRICE IS RIGHT! Donate whatever you think it's worth just like the MET in NYC. I paid the suggested donation for adults. Who knew that so many gadgets were invented by locals or promoted by them? Did you know the Hamburger was introduced to American society via the Wisconsin State Fair? The Wisconsin Innovations exhibit was fun.They have really neat exhibits from the Native Americans and how the generous Indian ambassadors and the "great father" President of the USA bilked the Indians from all their land in a cool two decades. I also liked the immigrant one that told you how the state grew.Don't forget to buy a cheese head hat on the way out of the gift shop.
3	The best part is that the workers are great, and it was sort of interesting.
4	What a hidden gem. I say "hidden" because before Friday, I didn't realize how good of a museum this place is. Liz and I took the day off from work to do some "touristy" Madison things - hit some museums, the zoo, and a brewery tour. The museum did not disappoint.Admission consists of a suggested donation of $4 per adult. We immediately made our way to the fourth (top) floor so that we could work our way from the top down. Each floor was themed and featured excellent exhibits that were well presented, well lit, and well documented. There were plenty of informative videos to compliment the prose. We encountered several groups of school kids on field trips; it was never a problem or a distraction. The museum guides kept the groups in good order.So, whether you're from Wisco or if you have visitors from out-of-state, take a few hours and check out the Wisconsin Historical Museum.
4	Fantastic museum, very in-depth and broad coverage of all that makes Wisconsin great!
