5	My friend's parents recently described me as 'sweetly expressive.' Or something similar. The key words were 'sweet' and 'expressive,' arranged in some order. So far, as far as my reviews go, I'd say a fairer description would be 'enthusiastic alcoholic.' That's not true either. Perhaps it's 'enthusiastically decadent.' Peter Green's, as far as I'm concerned, will appeal to any and all who would describe themselves as enthusiastic about wine. Located on the corner of Warrender Park Road and Marchmont Road, just 30 seconds off the south end of Jawbone Walk, Peter Green's has the most amazing and delicious range of wines and beers ever. One wine that has had my heart stolen for a while, is Cairn O'Mohr (care no more, get it? I'm not actually sure whether it's a play on words or not, but I'd like to think it is). This wine's made on the Black Isle (waaaaaay north in Scotland). And it's made out of delicious things like elderberries and elderflower and autumn and spring oak leaf! And it tends to confuse people, as they mostly don't think Scotland could ever produce anything wine-like. And the people who work at Peter Green's are the epitome of lovely. The main man is Michael, though I spent years thinking he was Peter Green. The Peter Green. I think, in my head, he still kind of is. If you fancy giving someone something fanciful, then go there. If you want to give yourself something fanciful, go there. Or, just go there.
5	When I stumbled across Peter Green and Co. I stopped immediately in my tracks and stared in the window in amazement. I don't think I've ever seen so many bottles of alcohol in one place before, it's amazing seeing all the different bottled liquids in different colours I found it rather impressive indeed.I'm not a big drinker and rarely drink to be honest unless I'm going out for cocktails so I'm not exactly a connoisseur when it comes to wine but if like me, you're pretty clueless the knowledgeable and friendly staff here will be able to help you out no problem.An excellent idea for gifts and the selection is huge so there's something for everyone.
4	Peter Green is one of those shops whose existence I find highly comforting, even if I can count on the fingers of one hand the number of times I've actually shopped there.  When I lived in Marchmont, like most students, my choice of alcohol was largely dictated by whichever beer happened to be on special offer at the Scotmid booze shop across the road.  However, I still cherish hopes that, with maturity and a steady cash flow, I might yet develop into a connoisseur, and when that day comes, it's reassuring to know that Peter Green will be there waiting for me.Put simply, this is a quality independent shop that stocks all manner of specialty liquor, and manages to be friendly and charming at the same time.  It's slightly pricey, but then, you get what you pay for (as my cheap lager habit has taught me all too well). Apparently it's also the only place in Edinburgh where you can buy elderflower wine, so if that is what you seek, this is the place to go!
4	An excellent little wine merchant's in the heart of Marchmont, I like the fact that Peter Green's is still in business whereas Threshers etc have all died out. Although not much of a wino myself, I do like a tipple now and then and when I used to live in Marchmont I'd come here quite frequently. I know it's a bit pricier than Scotmid, but you get a much better wine normally, and I'd prefer to give my money to these kind of shops anyway.Walking inside is like stepping back to a Dickensian era store, with bottles piled from floor to ceiling like a boozehound's heaven. I immediately had no idea what wine to get, being bewildered by the choice, so had a bit of a chat with the owner who was more than happy to steer me in the right direction. I ended up very happy with my selection and after polishing it off later, even happier. This is a really good shop, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a good bottle of wine. It's slightly more expensive than the supermarkets but a much nicer experience, both in the shop and at home sampling your purchases
4	This alcohol shop (or wine merchant..) is probably the sophisticated drinker's Holy Grail! I was impressed by the display, but had no idea the store itself would be so expansive and well stocked!The gentleman behind the counter was extremely friendly and I have to say I got a little kick from his accent, a little reminiscent of a Prince Charles interview I saw a few months ago.Although they sell an incredibly wide variety of alcohol, I gravitated towards the wine shelves, which were helpfully arranged by country with adorable flags by each one! The look and feel of the place is very classy, so I was surprised to see quite a few wines that could compete with Tesco's, price wise. If I lived in the area, I'd go here to stock up every time, no joke. It's a much more peaceful experience than the Tesco Self-Checkout aisle.
4	Peter Green is a good wine shop in Marchmont.  They have a good selection of wines and are very friendly.   If you like French wine, they certainly have a lot of choice, but they also have a good selection from a wide number of other countries as well.  They do a free wine tasting every Friday evening, which is a great way to discover something new.They also have a fine (albeit small) selection of spirits and ales.  Only downside is that they close really early, which is a little bit of a shame.
