4	For what it is, Abuelo's is great! 3.5I had a very nice business lunch here - upscale mexican food. I ordered some kind of special enchilada thing, and it was great. And the deal closed at the table so it gets the 4th star bump up bias :-)
4	My favorite Chain Mexican place!
3	To borrow from Douglas Adams.  Mostly Harmless. The decor certainly elevates this location as well as the  attentive wait staff.  Food  does not rise to the occasion. The chips are about as substantial as deep fried paper and  the additional dips we ordered  couldn't be  scooped  without the chips breaking in the dish.   The main meal Cheese chile relleno, chicken enchilada and beef enchilada  were ok, the relleno was the stand out of the bunch actually  having a definable , repeatable taste. The remainder  were more texture and the sauce on them rather than possessing anything flavorful within.   Sangria was really good.
1	...should be renamed Tata's Latas (Grandpa's tin cans, loosely)I don't care that it's on Mayo boulevard and I don't care if Westcor or whoever runs this area thought it'd be a cute addition to the restaurant choices guaranteed to survive an economic downturn, Abuelo's should be named Tata's Latas (Grandpa's tin cans, loosely). I don't believe that any of the food is home made. It's all processed crap.I should have taken a hint from the menu with pictures. ANY place that has to show you a picture to sell you a dish of food should simply send you running for the exit door. But I was lunching with colleagues and was a rider not a driver, so I was stuck with pried latas and ziplock.I ordered a Dos Equis lager and flour tortilla chips for the table salsa (I'm allergic to corn, quite the differently-able-ness -- oh, damn, it's HANDICAP -- when going to a Mexican restaurant). The beer arrived in a 1/4" thick goblet. Didn't take me long (but thankfully before my first sip) to notice the fruit fly floating in my beer, and despite its thickness there were chips along the rim of the glass.The menu was clearly filled with sweet sauces and other colorful darker but still sweet sauces (and you had the pictures to assure you). I haven't seen this many sauces (all obviously from 5gal jugs like that ranch dressing you buy from the Price Club) since I mistakenly visited a Roy's. (Are there any still open?) But I made my way to the freshestly described menu item that I could (had no picture) and then explained to the server to omit the corn kernels, colored corn chip strips, corn tortilla chips, and corn flakes. I also ordered the $6.00 side serving of guacamole.Had I not been with colleagues, the resulting exchange with the general manager when my food arrived would have been something worthy of a youtube video. The guacamole had bits of avocado amidst a lime-green gluey gunk that had been squirted from a tube. The flour tortilla chips were at least a year old, but they had a very firm texture... no chance these'd break off in the too-thick dipping sauces described by another yelper. The table salsa was straight from the can, puree style; no flavor, no texture, and strangely bright red given its blandness. The crowning insult to cuisine was in the composition of my main dish.The Insert-Meaningless-Spanish-Word Salad was atop a pile of shredded taco lettuce. Per my meat selection, it featured globs of canned chicken squishy with something resembling a salty sweet Teriyaki sauce, no doubt thickened with corn starch. Add to this a scoop of the normally-a-side-dish red bean soup which was probably pretty good on its own; the bean mixture had bits of something like ground beef. Atop the beans were shreds of orange and white "cheese", some of which had melted into the beans, but were almost crispy on their own. I won't even presume to call them cheddar and jack; no chance. All this was topped with a layer of nacho cheese goop. Processed shredded yet treated-to-survive-the-shelf-life bits of green chili which were effing hideous. Ringing the plate were the same bland and terribly old yet very firm tortilla chips. Atop the cheesy sauce were bits of diced tomato, the only thing that could have been fresh; but the more I thought about it, I realized that these could have been delivered in a ziplock, same as everything else I'd seen.I'm told the huevos rancheros with beans was an excellent dish, but it is no longer on the menu. I'd rather have Baja Fresh!
4	Went here with some of my girlfriend's for a birthday dinner. We called ahead and had no problems getting a table for a party of 8. We were seated immediately. The decor here is more upscale than most Mexican food restaurants. Kind of a courtyard feel. Loved their frozen margaritas. It came with a swirl of sangria. The food was very light, not heavy or greasy like a lot of Mexican food restaurants. Great mix of combinations so you can try a few different things. I had the Laredo and was not disappointed. The food arrived promptly and our server was very attentive the whole night.
4	CLOSED DOWN!!!  I mean -- what?????  We like Abuelo's alot and I was in the mood for a platinum margarita.  Talk about a total disappointment to find that it just didn't make it.  Sign of the times I guess.  Hey maybe they should build a restaurant with smaller square footage huh??
