5	When I first moved up from Tucson I had a heck of a time finding a good barber. In fact I would hold off getting a cut until I could make it back to Tucson on the weekends & that got old fast. I walked in to Carlyn's on Mill Ave & found my home. No high price salon here, this one seat shop is functional & fashionable all in one. Carlyn is the owner & sole Barber. She takes great care in your cut. I now have six years going to her & I would not trust my Grizzle Face to another. This was my best kept secret, but I'll do you a solid. Closed Sundays & Mondays.
5	Awesome barber, won't let anyone else touch my hair.
5	Let me preface this review by stating that I do no like getting my hair cut. Trips to the barber have always been like trips to the dentist in that I don't really want to go, since I'm not going to like what happens in the short term, but I recognize that I should go, because it's in my long term best interest to do so. Now that being said I actually enjoyed my experience at Carlyn's. Her one chair shop was quiet, she struck just the right balance between no-nonsense hair cutting silence and frivolous banter, and most importantly she was able to make some sense out of my vague attempt to describe what I wanted done with my hair, and give me a haircut that I liked instead of merely tolerated.I might not dread getting my hair cut the next time I decide that my mop needs a trim.
4	Carlyn's is everything most guys expect in a Barber Shop-Clean, simple decor, one chair, a very competent barber, and good conversation! So convenient too to the downtown. Usually in early afternoon I get right in. Just off the sidewalk in the Mill Avenue Shops by Fatburger. Under $20, but cash only so be prepared.
5	First time here and I am really happy about this find. The shop is small, only one chair, but she is efficient and did a great job on my hair. Not your wham bam hack job barber shop... This lady is legit. Good value too! I will defiantly be back.
5	Carlyn is a great barber who makes sure to do what she's doing right.  She takes the time to listen to what you want and solicits feedback along the way, too.  After a few visits, she began to learn my hair and how to best get it to do what I wanted and I haven't had to spend quite as long in the chair.  I'm typically in and out in under 30 minutes, even of there are one or two customers ahead of me.  She's also really accurate on letting you know how long her wait is, so if you aren't sure, just ask!
5	Carlyn's is an absolutely outstanding barber shop.  I tried quite a few places before settling here and just had my second cut with her and I'm very happy.  She is pleasant to talk to and she does a great job when it comes to her cuts.  She is very good at interpreting what I want and I'll for sure be going back.
5	I came to Carlyn with a mop after just moving to the area. There's nothing more awesome than a one chair shop that has been in business as long as she has. Working with pure experience and passion you will no doubt come out with a great cut, I would highly recommend taking time to stop in for your next cut.
