5	This is a hidden gem. You wouldn't realize this place even exists if you passed by it.. no sign, nothing. However, when you get inside you find a small low-roofed place and a menu of sandwiches in small or large sizes. Here's where it starts to get great. The large is not a bigger size, its actually 2 sandwiches! The large typically goes for $6.50 and can definetly fill you up. There are also really good quiches and even drinks are cheap. Honestly, I wonder how this place makes a profit but I'm loving this!
4	This place does really really good sandwiches and salads, and it's super cheap to boot!A small sandwich and a large salad is probably more than enough for most people, and costs less than $7. Their egg rolls are home-made, and are a good fast (but not too unhealthy) option. The large sandwiches are 2x the small ones, and are more than enough to fill me at lunch time.This place can get pretty busy around lunch time, so try to come just before/after if possible. Even if you come at peak hour the service is good, so you won't be waiting too long. You can get some sandwiches/other lunch options from the fridge (if you're in a rush), but I like mine freshly made.My favourite is their salami sandwich, but they have a lot of other toppings to choose from (including vego options), and you can make your own. They also have a range of sweets (chocolate muffins, banana bread, etc) which I think are mostly from Costco, but I still buy them regularly ('cause they're good).
4	This place is fresh, not 'Subway Fresh' but 'picnic in the park' fresh. I went for lunch and got the roast beef with brie on a bagette, under $4. They have a way of making it really fast and good, a lot of people in line and it can take like 20mins to get something to eat. But worth it if you have the time.
4	Located in a small dimly lit basement property on Drummond, there is nothing glamorous about this small sandwich shop. They survive purely on decent food and large portions at reasonable prices. The cryptic series of posters handwritten in French amounts to their menu of basic sandwich options, though the regulars seem to know what they want. The large sandwich is actually just two regular sandwiches, which are already generous. Get a large to share with a friend or to take home for later.The hoagie rolls, similar to what you would get at the grocery store bakery, are fresh and chewy. The meats and cheeses are quite basic and similar to what you would get at the grocery store deli.  In fact, it's a sandwich almost identical to a sandwich you or I could make at home. That being said, it's still a tasty sandwich that I can enjoy.They have a small selection of drinks in a refrigerator near the door and the counter is loaded with an odd assortment of chips, cookies and fruit. If you are hosting a group event, they also make sandwich platters. It's not a fancy to say the least, everything from the lighting down to the Dijon mustard is simple and basic, but the simplicity and no frills atmosphere seems to work for them. At less than four dollars for a regular size sandwich, it's hard to be disappointed.
4	Delicious sandwiches and soup. It's a great deal if you are hungry during lunchtime. I would suggest to take-out your lunch as unfortunately it is not the greatest place to have a sit-down lunch with a friend, due to the amount of people that are coming in and out and the long, cramped line of hungry customers in a small space.
2	The food is still great and terrific value for $4, but unfortunately the `douche factor` has gone up to 11! I should have known better when I heard some fat suit walk out with three others and say `4 people for under $30, what a deal!` I was like, oh no, they`ve invaded it. I got there at around 1:20pm after the Friday lunch rush and usually it`s some students or a couple having a late lunch, now it`s full of soccer moms and cheap douchebag suits who found out about it on FB or Yelp, please stop these greedy people from making long line ups impossible to eat good food!!!
