5	This place is fantastic! My friends and I went on a Friday evening around 5pm and it was fantastic, service was great, DEENA is awesome. She is fun and energetic and she ensures you have the best service. I am a lover of rooftops and this place has a great view of the city! Drinks are also reasonably  priced.
4	The Pavillion got a facelift, new name and concept.You've probably ventured here for things like Alive After Five, the Elevate Awards, Silent Disco, etc. However, it's more than just an place for events... it's now a regular uptown bar as well.Full bar, tvs and a great view of the city. Even better: the people watching at the EpiCentre. This may be better than people watching at the airport. Things you should know: parking here is expensive. Plan to pay a minimum of $10. I recommend light rail or parking a block away at the Fitzgerald's/Wake Forest deck. East walk from there. It's usually only $5. I used this space to throw a baby shower a couple months ago. We hung paper lanterns and just did some simple decorations. It was gorgeous and the pictures turned out fabulous.If you're out and about uptown looking for a patio to enjoy a cold drink... stop by here.
4	This place is pretty cool to check out on a weekend night.. Good views and they play a fun variety of music. They have a dance floor if you feel like dancing. They have corn hole too.Not too keen on the mixed drinks... Expensive and small. Not too bad of a place to sit down and have a drink surrounded by the city skyline
5	Went to a silent disco here and had so much fun! I love how big the space is.  Def going back.
4	Nice bar at the top of the Epicenter! Just discovered this place not too long ago at Alive After Five. The drinks are sort of pricey(not anymore than a nice restaurant) with not a ton of options but the music is fun and the views are awesome. There aren't a lot of tables but most people stand and just hangout anyways if they aren't on the dance floor or the bar. Great place to go after dinner, movie, or just hanging out downtown. Only reason I don't go more is because of having to pay for parking! Definitely worth giving a try.
4	After getting out of a late movie at SMG, we stopped in for a drink, met a few people and played some cornhole. This was the first time I've been back here in a while. I forget what they called it previously, but the new management/ layout seems to be working for them- or at least better than I remember it. It was pretty packed here on a Saturday night. The interior/ main bar setup has a friendly wait staff- quick to get you a drink, even on a busy night. There are both tables & seating at the bar, and a few TV's. Outside you have a lot going on. Quite a few lawn games set up, stage, outdoor bar, etc. It really is a good spot to have a drink, late night, on a fair weather night, play games, meet new people/ socialize. Other than that, it's a pretty average bar that has a great location uptown- in the middle of Epicentre, on a rooftop. Can't beat that.
4	Down for a friend's bachelor party. Was told to go to Epicentre, place to be in Charlotte. They weren't wrong! Lots of bars, bowling, food and drinks. We went into Rooftop last night around 1030. Atmosphere is great, cornhole, outside tables, open space. My only complaint was the drink prices, ordered 2 rounds of draft beer, PBR was $4 and Corona Light was $6. A little expensive compared to other places in Epicentre. They also don't carry Budweiser products yet the stage the DJ was on had a backdrop of Bud Light.We will definitely return on our next visit to Charlotte!
4	Now this is more like it! We had come to this busy little area of downtown to enjoy a drink somewhere, and we were a bit surprised by all of the security and the lines to get into places. We aren't the velvet rope type of people, and we don't generally dress up to get a drink somewhere. Rooftop 210 was just what we needed.It's a laid back environment, games of cornhole being played on one side, and a number of benches and tables on the other for outdoor seating on a nice evening. The beer selection isn't great by any stretch, but they will probably have something to suit your tastes. Bartenders were busy but friendly.
1	New Years Eve here was a major disappointment. The tickets we purchased indicated that we would be served top shelf liquor with this all inclusive ticket, but we were served some no-name vodka, and the Crown Royal ran out within 30 minutes of being there. There was also no fruit to go with any of the cocktails. The bathrooms were absolutely atrocious. Honestly, I have never seen anything like it, and I hope I never do again.Generally speaking, it was poorly executed and a colossal waste of money for my group of 15. I won't be back.
1	New Years Eve here couldn't have been any worse here.  The tickets we purchased indicated VIP, with passed apps and buffet early in the night (which I couldn't find), liquor was cheap and barely mixed into drinks (if you were even able to make it to the bar to order).We arrived about 9:30pm with a group of 10, after standing in a line that wrapped around the upstairs on the Epiccenter.  They didn't even ID us when we walked into the covered area.  They sold way to many tickets and there was barely any STANDING ROOM.  The bathroom was disgusting and had a bunch of 21 year old girls falling all over themselves and getting sick.  Poorly executed and a definite waste of money. We left by 10:00pm to find somewhere more enjoyable to spend NYE.Would not recommend going here and I will never be back.
1	This review only concerns their New Year's Eve party. I was completely hussled out of the $78 I paid for my ticket. Line to get in took at least 30 minutes, closer to an hour if you came later than the start time. People without tickets rushed in at one point. Coat check was $5 extra once inside and they quickly ran out of hangers. "Top Shelf Open Bar" turned out to be bottom shelf liquors. The several bars were constantly out of sprite, tonic, various liquors, etc. Venue was way overcrowded. Bartenders were rude and lied about what was available. Bathroom lines were insane and became utter chaos until bouncers got involved near midnight. Avoid this place.
1	Attended 2015 New Years Eve Bash, and I was extremely disappointed.  A group of friends and I thru in for a VIP table for 1k, and our hostess Haley was great, on point the whole night, she made the night bearable; but that is unfortunately we're my praise stops. The event was advertised to include top shelf liquor and hors d'oeuvre, this was a blatant lie.  They served watered down well liquor drinks, and the food was horrendous, topped with a DJ that screwed up the count down (didn't even know we were counting till it was to late), as well as a couple bumbles during the night.  Now I need to make a point about the restrooms; any establishment in the food and beverage industry is judged on four points, food, drinks, service and restrooms.  The restrooms where absolutely disgusting, crap and puke everywhere, with no thought to organization, or servicing to control the crowd.  Actually watch a brawl almost take place twice.  Which brings me to my last point, rather then enjoying my self, I worried every time my wife went to the restroom.  If you pay that much money safety should not be a concern.  I truly hope the event planner reads these reviews, because this needs to change, things need to be classed up for events such as this.  Thanks for your time.
1	This review is for the NYE event only. I had a college friend coming to town to ring in the New Year and we were excited to find the $80 VIP all inclusive event on Groupon. Unfortunately the deal that seemed too good to be true ended up being just that.The night started off well with us taking advantage of the VIP early entry. I tried to order a Makers on the rocks, but was told I had to mix it (I believe they were trying to avoid allowing people to have shots). No biggie I actually get what they were trying to do, though later in the night I saw a bartender serving shots to the scantily clad. My boyfriend and visiting friend ordered vodka redbulls (which later in the night cost them a $2 upcharge) and we went to stake out a table in the VIP area. At this point major disappointment set in, since the chairs along the sides (with small coffee tables) were just for those who paid the VIP table price. At this point I was glad we got half priced tickets because if we had paid full price and the only "VIP area" was the little buffet (standing room only) area they set up I would have been pretty livid.As the night wore on it became harder to get drinks, and the quality of the drinks available was rapidly declining. I had the unfortunate experience of needing to use the restroom, which was more like a mosh pit of teenagers trying to shove their way to Justin Bieber. Seriously, the women behind me were shoving and those in front were shoving back or yelling about being shoved. I really should have found an alternative option at that point because by the time I finally got inside the restroom I found a wet and puke covered floor.I came back to find my boyfriend fuming because the bartender flipped him off after he politely requested service after waiting for the bartender to serve several waves of women. Since it was close to midnight we decided to stick it out, and I had to chase down a manager to find out where to get our promised champagne toast - unfortunately at the crowded bar. I managed to work my way through to the bar to bring back some for the group unfortunately missing midnight. We raised a belated toast and drank...moscato.In the end the company completely failed to live up to what the ticket was supposed to provide. The top shelf liquor disappeared early in the night (as did mixers, like cranberry juice). The champagne toast was not what was promised for those who were able to hunt some down.
1	This Review is for New Years only, although i wont be going back to the bar due to the extreme rudeness of the staff, guy with the beard is the worse bartender i have ever come across, avoid at all costs.What can i say we had VIP tickets but got upcharged on everything (including redbull), any decent drinks ran out early on, there were no mixers, the event was completely oversold so you couldn't dance, forget getting to a bathroom, DJ was either drunk or not very good as he kept screwing up oh and this bar uses the same DJ for every event.I paid for VIP with Topshelf Liquor, got bottom shelf awful service, and abuse from the bar staff, that tells you everything you need to know about his venue, oh and the champagne toast we were promised also never happened.
