3	3.5Okay....So if you're looking to find reviews on fancy restaurants in Mesa, you won't find it here.I'm kickin' it with mostly guys afterall, and us girls are either:a) a new mom who's busy tending to her almost 2-wk-old,b) a nursing student,c) and me, saving up for an upcoming wedding and trips like these to see all my other friends and families who just had their first babies.So, what to eat, what to eat during Lent on a Friday??  What will leave us satieted after spending a measly few bucks??  We go to Del Taco.  Now, you all know I don't like Mexican food but the shrimp tacos were actually decent.  They're battered and fried and loosely stuffed in a small tortilla along with lettuce and cilantro.  Each small taco comes with its own slice of lime.  Add it to the soft taco & combine with the mild sauce, the flavors will offer your mouth their own rendition of a fiesta.  All for around $2 each!!Ole!!!
4	What can one say about a single location of a chain restaurant like Del Taco besides:a. They always get my order right (which they do)b. The employees have a great grasp of the English language (which they do)Well, I can testify that this particular Del Taco made one of my wildest pubescent dreams come true.It's like this... what teenage boy hasn't mused that if he had a pair of ta-tas, he'd keep himself amused for hours.  I was no different.Then somewhere in my twenties, Del Taco came strolling into my life, with their thick and creamy strawberry shakes, made with a generous helping of real fruit!  The key to my youthful desire lied within this sweet polar potion... it was called lipids... aka milk fat.Let me tell you friends, the grass isn't always greener.  I'm not amused... not at all.  There's nothing alluring about a tufted teat.  They bounce; they sag; and they can percolate perspiration like Michael Vick at a PETA rally in Death Valley... on a really hot day.And no one seems to care.  Seinfeld conceptualized the 'manzier', but I've yet to see one for sale.I'd have to say my lowest point came while at a water park with friends, one of which brought their new baby.  While relaxing in a lounge chair under the awning by the wave pool, they asked if I wanted to hold little Abigail.  Sure, I love kids.As I was sitting there with this little cutie, I noticed other people were gawking at me.  When I looked down to check on Abby, I noticed that her mouth was firmly latched on to my right mammary.That's right children, come suckle daddy's sugarball.My nonchalant extrication efforts didn't pan out, and the worst part was that I thought I felt seepage.  With pretty much nothing left to lose, I wedged my left index finger between my swollen nip and lil-miss-hoover's mouth until I heard decompression.Baby-go-back-to-Mama.In conclusion, I'd like to think there's a lesson here we can all learn from.  Yeah.~Swoop
4	I will try my hardest to write reviews for only local businesses or locally owned businesses, because the last thing I need to know was what you think about the rude cashier at McDonald's. This will be one of my few exceptions. My friends know when my night out is ending when they see the famous "Yelp Check In" at Del Taco. This one is on the way home for me and so on a Friday or Saturday night, sometime between 2:00 am, to as late as 6:30 am the last time I was here, this is my last stop before hitting the bed.The drive thru is open 24/7. They are always super fast giving me my secret combo of value menu items to prevent that next day hang over. OK, you convinced me to give up my secret. This is how I prevent hangovers. Get the bean and cheese burrito, and the chicken soft taco. Get your preferred level of hot sauce (mine is inferno, nothing but the hottest for me). It's only $2.07 out the door with tax and when you get home, drink lots of water and tear into your food. I never have a hang over when I do this. Protip: Take out your contacts before eating that burrito. It's tough enough taking out those things when drunk but when your fingers are like little balls of fire that your just rubbing into your eye, it never ends well.
4	The last review I wrote was for Pane Bianco... now I move on to DEL TACO, cuz that's just the type of guy that I am! Why 4 stars for Del Taco? For a chain taco joint, the taste, value, and service are unbeatable. 39c tacos, everyday! That's less than $4 for 10 tacos!! Quite the meal if you're broke! I've always loved the Del Classic Chicken Burritos, as well as the chicken soft tacos too. There are always spectacular deals, and the staff members at this location are particularly friendly and efficient. Also, this location is much cleaner than other Del Taco's I've experienced!
5	Wife and I just moved to AZ from Seattle area where there were no Del Taco's.  What a pleasant surprise!  The food was better than we anticipated considering how great the prices were.  It was so good that we tried it again a few days later and we were equally impressed.  The service was excellent as well. Del Taco is an excellent value for the price!
4	It's a little out of the way for me, but it's always worth the drive. I always end up eating at Taco Bell, but I never know why I don't go to Dell Taco more often. The steak tacos are delicious and the crinkle fries are yummy, throw in a churro and you've got a great meal. Wish it was closer, but I'm never sorry I made the drive.
4	Fast, friendly service despite it being a bit tricky to get into their drive-through the way it's set up. This Del Taco is inside of a Circle K, sort of attached, if you will.  This one is on my way home and on Tuesday nights, we take advantage of Taco Tuesdays, where their tacos are 3 for $1 and bean and cheese burritos are 50 cents. Great cheap meal and delicious as well.
4	So I went up to the doors like 5 minutes before their posted closing time. Locked. But people still inside eating. Okay no problem. I'll go through the drive thru. No law against closing early. Then a guy inside opens the door for me and gives me a look like "they're not closed" and says something i don't remember like "weird, i dunno blah blah." i approach the counter if only to review the menu which i'm not familiar with. A guy behind the counter gives me a look like he wants to kill me. Not in my top 5 looks for service industry workers to give me. I say "sorry man, someone opened the door, are you closed?" He nods."should i just go through the drive-thru?"He nods."okay cool. I'm just gonna check out the menu, i don't normally eat here."He stands and stares. Then he says "well, you're already in here, just go ahead and order""no really it's fine, i'll go through the drive thru, i just need a few minutes to review the menu, it's rather large and contains many appealing items an I'm an indecisive person" (probably not verbatim)"Just order"My thoughts-"dude just stop talking to me and giving me that death stare i want to live and eat tacos and I can't focus with you glaring in anticipanger" (just made up that word)So i just say thanks and leave and get in my car to go through the drive thru. The guy gives me a look like I'm an idiot when I was just trying to follow his initial wishes! I get that you want me out of here. I also want to be swift in this transaction, but i'd rather not hold up your drive thru line with my indecision. And there really are A LOT of items on the menu.I go through the drive thru and i order my food and who's working drive-thru but THAT GUY! Like he just wanted to prove the point that it didn't matter where I ordered from, he still has to deal with me, and if that's the case, WHY DID YOU CARE SO MUCH THAT I ENTERED THE LOBBY?? No need to be mad at me. I see a locked door I turn around and go about my day. You should be mad at THE GUY WHO OPENED THE DOOR. That's the real culprit! Save your murder glances for that guy, scary del taco employee!!But for real, their tacos are like 50 cents, jat order like ten of those and smother them with hot sauce you got yourself a cheap delicious meal. Way better than taco bell IMO. Five stars. Minus one for murderdude.
4	If I'm craving a dirt cheap bean and cheese burrito than I ALWAYS come here.  Their beans are made from scratch and you can taste the difference.   Just head over to taco bell after eating a burrito here and you'll never go back to that nasty place again.
