5	Michelle, Ann, and Tina. All great nail technicians. Very focused on their work. Fast and efficient and never disappoints you. After coming here so often, they've almost become like family. Always friendly environment & drama free. Love it!!
5	I saw this place while I was shipping in the area. They treated me immediately and that was awesome! Michelle was the best technician I've ever had!!!! She took the time to really care about my skin and my Gel manicure was only $25. I will definitely be back again :)
5	I really love this place. Thi does a really good job and I have been going to him for the last year. Before I had the other 2 girls do my nails and they're actually really good too. But I like the way Thi does my nails the best. Sometimes when they're a bit busy Thi tends to rush on doing my nails, so it's not done as nice as when as he's not in a rush. So I've learned to go on day when they're dead so that he can take his time and be in absolutely no rush. And that's when my nails always turn out the best. This place is also very clean and they always give you a nice cold bottled water when you're getting your nails done.
1	I moved Downtown and have been in search of a good nail place. This one got so many great reviews that I took a friend to get gel manicures. I had a horrible experience. First of all, my friend got a wax and had an allergic reaction. The ladies didn't help and  said it was normal (it isn't!) To focus on my experience though, you can tell a lot by the way the gel is applied. The manicure took about twice as long as it should have due to the fact that the nail tech put polish on my cuticles and the sides of my nails then, for every coat, traced around my nail with acetone. It's only been a week and they are peeling. I'm pretty easy on my nails and when I used to go to Polished, they would last 3 weeks.
5	I love love love this place, ann is the best nail technician ever. She really makes you feel comfortable and is very great at what she does! Definitely recommend this place!
5	This is my regular go to spot. I usually get a gel pedi by michelle who is absolutely outstanding! Shes amazing at what she does and she pays close attention to detail! Not to mention she is sweet and does her best to satisfy your needs! The staff greets you immediately and offers you a bottle of cold water they are all so friendly and kind.
5	Looks like I found a new place to get my mani and pedi :) there very nice and do a great job. Very relaxing.
