5	This place is great.  I never even knew it was a name brand, Cobblestone, until I finally.stopped in.  I have 22'' wheels on my car and I'm always terrified of scuffing them up at cheaper, ill-equipped car washes.  Cobblestone has padded rails to protect the wheel in the event it does make contact, and the track is wide enough to fit my fat tires.They also have free vacuums, and even those pressurized air nozzles to blow.water out of seams and cracks!   Very well lit (great for detailing), clean restroom, quick, easy, cheap.
1	Hey goatee guy with attitude waiving your arms at me at 6:10PM tonight when I try to get my car washed at what I hope is your Employer's place of business: You are a fool.. I didn't know that you were closed at 6, the day after Phoenix had a nice mud bath on my car. I had to pull into your decrepit lot to turn around once I realized that you were closed. you didn't have to flail your arms like a little girl and cry out "you're the 15th person who pulled in here just now"  you know why Sherlock? Every F'n Car Wash place was swamped today because of the storm last night. Your boss was too stupid to realize he or she could have made a few bucks by keeping your sorry ass working a few hours during rush hour when people were driving home. Your attitude sucks and is indicative ( look it up) as to why you will never amount to anything above, well, a car wash attendant.
4	2.99$ car wash and free vacuums! The 2.99$ price is for a plain and simple wash and you can upgrade to more detailed washes if you would like. The customer service is pretty decent and the location itself is easy to find and access. If you want a simple fast wash without a hassle this is a great place to come. All washes come with a hand dry! Can't beat the deal here!
2	Boo!  This was my favorite wash- but they upped the prices, and no longer give you a     towel to wipe down the inside.  Now I get to go home and finish washing my car.
3	For a quick wash that is cheap not bad at all.  They have free vacuums too.  You stay in your vehicle  during the wash and there is a guy at the end who wipes down your car.  They do a good job.  This is the perfect place to take the car after it gets caught in a monsoon rain.  They don't offer the full detail and they don't do the inside.  They also don't give you a little towel anymore to wipe the inside.  But like I said, it is perfect for a quick wash to tide you over for awhile.
4	Great customer service! I was upset because I had just washed my car a couple of days ago and there was a dust storm. I went to this express location and the attendant gave me a discount for my car wash. He also gave me a free air freshener, a discount coupon for next time and a rug to clean the dust that got inside the car. He was very nice and friendly. Although there was a line he made things run smooth and efficiently. They hand dry your car which is unusual for express washes. I felt bad I did not have cash to tip the man, but I know that I will be back soon and he will be rewarded double for his hard work.
5	Thank you for your free car wash on Veterans Day. My car needed one big time :)  Your personnel was very nice.
5	I love this Cobblestone. A wash to fit every budget. Always nice and clean, and the attendant has so much patience for someone like me.. terrified to drive my car into those rails, he always smiles, never laughs. thanks Cobblestone.
