5	I stopped in this weekend to help a friend who was planning on brewing some beer for a party they are having for Mardi Gras. I was pleasently surprised at how enjoyable the whole experience was, especially considering I am not much of a beer drinker! Our guide through the process was an amazing font of information about how beer is brewed, as well as the history of beer. It was a great experience that I intend to repeat with a batch of my own beer!
5	When my niece gets antsy, I play a game where we find a rock, put it in my hand, she waves a stick over it and sings a magic song, and when I open my hand, the rock has become a quarter.  She's slowly catching on, but the first time I did it, it blew her mind.This is how I felt when the guy at the Copper Kettle Brewing Company explained what was happening there.This is the Build a Bear Workshop, but for beer...wait for it...the Build a BEER workshop.  Yeah, that totally just happened.  But the basic premise is you schedule a time for you or your group to meet, and then after some beer lessons, you begin to craft your own batch of beer.  This is not an immediate pay off, though.  After the initial appointment, you have to go back for bottling, but you are given the template to make your own beer labels.  Some of my wife's co-workers had scheduled an appointment as a team building exercise, and I'll just let the brilliance of that sink in for a minute.  While you're there, you can feel free to grab some drinks from the attached bar, Hough's, which includes several of the experimental brews from the Copper Kettle.This is an awesome time for groups of friends, work building exercises, long-range plans for drinking beer that has a picture of your cats face on the label.  An awesome find in a neighborhood that I have never spent more than the time that it takes me to drive through.*note: though the price tag is up there, technically, but it's for about a million cases of beer in the future.  Plus, you can't put a price on the experience according to every Visa commercial I've ever seen.
5	The was an awesome experience through and through.  friendly atmosphere and huge beer selection.  Very knowledgable staff and friendly.  We went and brewed the black ipa and it turned out fantastic.  we are planning make this a yearly occurrence from now on.  on the day of bottling we got to trade with two other brewers for some different types of beer and enjoyed talking with other craft beer lovers like ourselves definitely worth a five star rating
5	Had a 52nd birthday party there (I felt like I was eight again with an "activity" birthday party) and we had a great time.  There is a very extensive set of recipes to choose from and the process is extremely well organized.  Certainly not complicated:  it was kinda at the level of mixing M&Ms to get a variety bag, but it was very good to taste and smell the ingredients that go into the beer, and to see everything boiling together.  We reserved a long table in the adjacent Hough's by the window so people could watch and heckle along the way.  Took about 2 hours, with about 30 minutes of activity and the rest waiting.  Fortunately, the beer and food at Hough's is good enough that the wait is no chore!Best part: we get to do this again in a couple of weeks at the bottling party!
5	Pittsburgh was already cool, but this place makes it even cooler! We planned to come here as part of my birthday celebration this year. It's a great idea for couples or groups of various sizes. I wish I had realized that it is basically part of Hough's, with its varied food and drink offerings. We had already made plans to eat dinner afterwards, so weren't going to be ordering food. This was a little tricky, as, duh, there are parts of the beer-making process where you have to let things cook for 30 minutes or so, and eating would be a perfect way to fill the time, though we managed to fill it with some drinks and some shuffleboard.That being said, the staff and the process are all great, and we had a lot of fun. You pick your recipes from a large list, and the beer-making is super hands-on. The staff let us actually taste the wheat, malt, etc, that went into the beer, while giving lots of details about all of the steps and the science behind it. We took turns measuring, grinding, pouring and stirring. I have to admit that I consider myself a huge beer fan and never really thought too much about the individual components of the stuff.  The entire process was entertaining and well-organized by the staff.For anyone who enjoys beer, cooking, or making things, this is a fun way to spend a few hours. I would give yourself 3 hours to be safe.  We have designed our customized labels, and I can't wait to go back in a couple of weeks to taste and bottle my birthday brew!
4	Back in January, a groups of my friends decided that we wanted to do this.  So. Much. Fun.  You will need to set two days aside. One to brew, the other to bottle.  We decided on the Blonde James Blonde and the Blackberry Wit.  They have a great revolving menu, as well as regulars.  The price to brew depend on the type of beer you brew, as well as the size of the batch.  We did two small batches, and it gave us four cases of 12.  (They're large bottles, not 12oz.)  The staff is knowledgable and helpful.  The brewing takes a few hours, so bring your appetite and get a snack in Hough's.  The beer turned out great!  I am a big fan, and will definitely be brewing with Copper Kettle again.
4	After multiple attempts, I finally managed to swing a work team building outing at Copper Kettle (although on our own dime versus the company's).  I'm happy to report, that it was well worth it!If your goal is to learn a little about brewing beer, drink while learning about brewing beer and then have dinner/drinks after learning about brewing beer, the Copper Kettle/Hough's combo is a great one to leverage.  I'll break down the experience into the major parts...1.  Selecting the beer:  You can select two different brew sizes (2.5ish - 5ish cases) and recipes ranging from a standard pale ale the entire way to their signature Cucumber Wheat.2.  Brewing:  Your host walks you though a greatly simplified version of the brewing process (extract/adjunct for those brewers out there) and explains some great history while doing so.  Opportunities to "get your hands dirty" aren't that great (measuring hops, stirring the wort, etc.) but that was completely off-set by the team having a great time socializing in an environment that supported it.3.  Bottling:  After a few weeks of fermentation, you head back to bottle your beer.  Luckily they use a carbonated system, so it's as simple as sticking a wand in your bottle, pressing the button to fill it and passing it to a partner to cap.  While you can technically drink them immediately after, the beer definitely was a little harsh until it had another week or two to mellow out.Overall, we had a great experience at Hough's/Copper Kettle.  While the experience wasn't flawless (hence the 4 stars), from a cost/benefit perspective...  you can't beat paying around $40 for a case of beer (we split a larger batch between 5 people) and getting a few hours of entertainment with it as well!
