5	As I write this they are picking up the rentals and loading them in their truck. This rental company is super friendly. Very easy to reserve. They accept credit cards or cash once the items are dropped off. I rented table and chairs and A Discount Party Rental were the lowest rates compared to others I reviewed. Renting from them was the smoothest thing that went down at my daughter's grad party :). Would highly recommend them again!!!
2	Price wise, this place was the best I could find, this included delivery of the tables and chairs as well as pick up. But I would be remise if I failed to mention how much their customer service lacked. There is one particular employee, a woman, not sure if she's the owner or just 'the help' that had a VERY disgusting attitude. I first noticed how short she was with people when I first placed my order over the phone, then when she called to confirm it was still there, and the third time I spoke with her the 'tude' was in full force. Shame on me for continuing to do business with them, but I was in need of tables and chairs for my last minute event. It was her disgusting attitude that probably would have gotten her smacked had she still been at the place of delivery once I arrived. The woman lacked full knowledge of pricing and payment methods accepted by the business which to me is basic. I will say that I spoke with another gentleman, I missed his name btw, who totally turned the experience around, he even went so far as to reduce the cost by 20.00 which I was so grateful for. Had this woman's tone with me been a little more inviting I would have tipped them an additional 20 but oh well!I wish I could say my experience with A Discount Party Rental was better but it wasn't. I was really rubbed the wrong way, especially since the day had already been hectic with party prepping. In the future, I don't mind paying more with someone else on the next event if it means the team I'm working with will be more pleasant. To add the items were suuuuper dirty, worn and dated when they arrived. On to the next rental company folks...
1	TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE!!!!I used them for my wedding & baby shower. They absolutely RUINED my baby shower. I confirmed the delivery time THREE times & on the day of my baby shower they decided to not show up on time. Someone from MY party had to go pick up the chairs. We didn't get the tables we ordered cause everyone was already standing around & there was no room to carry them in. We didn't have the chairs till AFTER the party already started! Pregnant women shouldn't have to stress let alone on the day of my baby shower. SMFH The owner was completely rude about it. She couldn't even say a simple thing as "sorry" or anything. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone unless you want your party RUINED!!!!!!
