4	http://www.chezalexandre.com/eng/index.htmlTel. (514) 288-5105 ~ 1454 Peel street, Montreal (Quebec) H3A 1S8 For a delicious and affordable lunch - you can't go wrong. The onion soup is a winter must-have and their lunch offerings are a generous portion! Last year when I stopped in for my annual trip to the winter Highlights festival we were delighted to find that the service and food were still top notch! Looking forward to visiting Montreal in October  for a work conference and can't wait to stop in for lunch or maybe try them for dinner this time since I don't have to plan for a special Highlights dinner this trip.
3	A French style bistro with great (fantastic!) steak tar tar....as for the other items, it's okay.Come here for steak tartar, otherwise try somewhere else.
3	The cuisine here is 4-stars, but the atmosphere was 2 stars. I ordered steak tartare which was excellent. The server asked if I would like it "spicy" which was an intriguing question for steak tartare. I went for it and was not disappointed. Excellent mustard bite and texture - a real winner of a dish. The letdown was the first row of smoking tables in the restaurant. The cigar and cigarette smoke permeated the whole restaurant and was difficult to escape. The smoky atmosphere ruined the experience for me. It has been a long time since I felt the need to run to the shower after a meal (in an ostensibly non-smoking restaurant)
3	i didn't have any food but the wine was okay. a little pricey (but it's in the downtown area so i shouldn't be surprised). best part is the outdoor seating and super convenient location.
4	This restaurant was recommended by numerous websites prior to my arrival here in Montreal, so I thought it would be great to take my girlfriend there.  The short answer is that we had a very pleasant time.In detail:  When we arrived we found that the menu was a little pricier than we'd had anticipated, and though not a HUGE selection of foods, some very nice selections anyhow.  My girlfriend at the Warm Goat Cheese Salad and I had a "Super" Burger with Blue Cheese on it and a side of fries.  Everything tasted SUPERB!  The only reason I gave it one less star was because of the service.  It wasn't BAD by any means, but at the time we went (around 6pm on a weekday evening) there were four girls in VERY short skirts serving everyone.  Seems weird for such a place.  They were all very friendly, but also tended to hover and watch us eat.  Being a server myself, I know that you can watch your table without making it obvious.  It was quite obvious.Otherwise, everything was great... just wanted to point that out and that's why I gave it 4 stars.  I think it's a great place for businessmen after work!
1	Our visit to this restaurant has been the only black smudge on our trip to Montreal. We had been recommended this place by our hotel. The food was extremely low quality. I got a steak which was so clearly frozen and of poor quality that I could I gotten it at a diner in Florida for $6.50. Everything seemed to have been frozen at some point and was way way way overpriced for the poor quality. There was weird techno music playing in the background. On top of it, I had ordered off a set menu, but then was charged regular menu price. When I pointed it out to the waiter, he claimed I had said the wrong thing in French. I had clearly pointed to the set menu on the English side of the menu when I ordered. But the way he responded to me when I raised it to him left me somehow apologizing to him for the mistake. The waiter served to make me embarrassed and then bitter that I was overcharged. This is the only time I've been made to feel unwelcome as a tourist during my time in Montreal. The only redeeming quality was the small glass of kir and champagne they offered women upon being seated. Our bill came to $90 and was the quality of a $15 diner. Definitely avoid it here.
2	The food tastes amazing but the portions are tiny and the price is ridiculously high!
5	I was refered to Chez Alexandre because I wanted to have some delicious French Cuisine, but I also wanted  a quiet atmosphere with great food and service.  I was even personally greeted by the owner, Alain Creton, who introduced me to exquisite cuisine.  I was so glad to finally find a restaurant who had their kitchen open till 2 am.  I really didnt want to rush as I entered at midnight....And I relaxed like I wanted....Would definately go there again!
3	Recently had dinner here with a group of friends and found the food to be ok. The portions are small, the atmosphere was ok, but the the staff was very helpful. I had better French food but it wasn't bad so that is why I give it 3 stars.
2	Our meal was fair - nothing exceptional. Our waiter was rather abrupt. We ordered the "Montreal Plate", but after we ate we were told that it was only available on Saturdays (therefore we were charged for 3 items ala carte - seems like he would have told us when we ordered it). My warm goat cheese salad was okay. For the amount of money we paid I'm sure we could have gotten a better meal elsewhere.
3	I was brought to this place by a good friend that had been coming here since he was a child.  The ambiance is nice, and the staff was very attentive and ready to serve.  But, my issue with this place wasn't the taste of the food or service of the staff.  It was the pricing of the food...I admit, the food was good but the pricing of the dishes were WAY OVER PRICED!!!  This is the reason why I'm giving it 3 stars.  I just don't think that the pricing of the food is adequate for the type of food that they serve.Note:  I had way better food at cheaper pricing around the same area of this restaurant's location.
3	Even for a drink, still pricey. $12.00 for a small glass of wine?? Neat spot but they need to look at their pricing.  Lots of other neat bars in the area.On a side note.....lots of comments about my Blackhawks because of the ball hat. Montreal.... a hockey town.
4	Excellent food and great staff! highlight of our trip to Montreal. The only area of improvement... guys, please help me pay for dinner quicker!
2	Meh at its best... For the level of good food places in Montreal, this place is pretty disappointing, expensive also... Din't waste your money here given the great number of choices and places in this city...
2	I should have read other reviews before we stopped by for dinner... but after a show at Bell Centre, we were hungry and cold, looking for a warm place to sit down and eat. Coming up the Peel, we found this place on our way back to our hotel. Food and service was okay, but same as all other reviews, price was very expensive for what we got. This was the most expensive meal we had in Montreal, and the quality was disappointing. Try other places before you stop here, unless you want to pay a lot of money for mediocre food.
2	2.5Over priced which brings it down a lot. French onion soup was too watery. Salad was eh. Filet was good to great. Friend gave it 4.5/5 higher than I would for the steak but good. Deserts were ok. The service was excellent. The bartender (initially out waitress) was funny and a pleasure. The fact they are open late night was obviously the reason we were there.Loved the music from the past. Good blend of oldies.
1	Wow was this disappointing. My husband and I each got a prix fixe menu. My salad was under seasoned; his did not arrive. My steak frites, when it arrived, was a close relative of shoe leather. I sent it back, and received a hunk of grease that was somehow both rare and flavorless, and was accompanied by pretty yet taste-free fries. My daughter had the mussels, which were good - but a shocking number of empty shells in her bowl. My son's burger was fine, and my husband's entree, the lamb, was also fine - but at these prices fine doesn't cut it. The service was absent-minded to negligent; no water glasses were refilled during out visit. Avoid, avoid, avoid!  We didn't even stay for our included dessert. And I love dessert. They did take off my meal when I complained, but it still came to $150 for three sub-par meals.
