5	I had a water leak in the garage and needed to replace the drywall.  I thought about doing it myself, but after the demolition I was not in the mood to do the drywall, that is when I called in Jim.    Jim came out and gave me a quote better than all the rest.  He was prompt, courteous and honest.  He finished on time and on budget.No hidden surprises.  He even went above and beyond by going back to home depot to get the paint tinted to match the existing garage wall.His finished work looked great.  I will definitely  be calling Jim for any future drywall jobs, and first on my list for everything else.
1	This is the first time I have ever written a Yelp review, however, Jim's unprofessionalism and poor customer service have compelled me to do so.A friend of mine (who was about to use Jim for the first time) told me about Jim. I am just about to move into a house I purchased and I wanted a few things done before I move in: two toilets and some lighting fixtures replaced. I called Jim on a Thursday to schedule the work. He did not return my call for two days. When we spoke on Saturday, I informed him of my cross streets and told him that I had two toilets that needed to be replaced and a couple of lighting fixtures. I told him that I did not yet know how many lighting fixtures there would be (two or three), but I would e-mail the information to him along with my exact address. I told Jim that the following Thursday morning would be ideal for me to have him do the work because I would have cleaning people there after that. He agreed.The Wednesday night before the work was to be done, I e-mailed Jim my exact address and gave him the total number of lighting fixtures to be replaced - two. Jim responded that, since he had not heard from me to let him know I had hired him to do the work, he booked other jobs for Thursday morning. I cannot imagine how he construed our conversation so that he did not know I wanted to hire him. It was never tentative. I did not say maybe. It WAS scheduled. My friend who used Jim's services on Tuesday of the same week even confirmed with Jim that he would be going to my house that Thursday.I e-mailed Jim back and asked him why he did not call me if he was unsure about the appointment. He responded: "I could not afford to make standing customers wait while I anticipated an email from you." He never answered my question.He also wrote: "If you are unhappy, I suggest you find another person to help you." Who treats customers like that? If there truly was confusion on his part, why did he not try to come up with a resolution? He simply told me that his next opening was the following week. A professional would have tried to come up with a solution - maybe move some things around or offer to do the work later that day. In my opinion, it seems like Jim overbooked the day and forgot about me. Then, instead of resolving the situation, he blamed it on me. That is very poor customer service.I would not recommend Jim at all. In fact, I would recommend that no one use him if they value professionalism and respectfulness. Interestingly, Jim's website slogan is: "Excellent customer service is my goal. I won't be happy until you are!" Jim must be pretty unhappy right now.
5	Jim did a great job. I just moved into an older town home that had a list of minor repairs that were needed. He was able to help with everything, walked me through each step of the way, and was very knowledgeable. He quoted me a price that was more than fair and just did a phenomenal job. I would definitely recommend him for any of your home needs.
