4	I don't mean to disagree with the other reviewer, but perhaps my perspective is just a little different.  This location offers two floors of shoes!  Men's are upstairs along with all the Clearance racks.  I think there is a pretty darn healthy selection of shoes to choose from and offered at very reasonable prices.  So, I haven't had the benefit of going to the other locations, but this one has enough selection for me!Guys, be careful if you take ladies (wife, friend, or even your daughter!)  here - you may be spending a lot of time or money or BOTH here!  Actually, better here than elsewhere because they pretty decent prices!You know what's odd... I didn't see a shoe horn anywhere in the store...  Maybe you have to ask, but I'm used to seeing them available.
5	huge selection, large clearance area
4	DSW is a great chain shoe store. Their pricing is spot on with a lot of the discount online sites. The plus side with DSW is that you can actually see them in person and try them on. I wear a size 12-13 depending on the shoe company and sometimes it is hard to find a wide range of shoes in my size. DSW had my size with every shoe in the store it seemed. The store itself is located in South Park in the same parking lot as Harris Teeter next to Jos. A. Bank. The store is two levels, with the women's section being downstairs and the men's and clearance sections being upstairs. I did have an issue with one pair of shoes that I bought there. I brought it back and no questions asked they exchanged the pair of shoes with out the receipt. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous.
4	Not just one level of shoes, there's another entire selection upstairs. Which is also where the racks and racks of men's shoes are hiding as well as the clearance racks. I always start with clearance but for today's visit to DSW I didn't find anything there that fit my needs. Instead, it was over to the full price racks. I did find what I needed, but at $90 dollars it was a lot. Even $45 a shoe is a lot.But hey, these are shoes for my feet and I don't buy them often. My last pair of casual shoes have lasted over a year and they're still okay even if they look a little dusty.Tip: There was a sign posted that if you join their text program, you get a $5 discount at the register that day. And I also joined their discount program and just got a $10 coupon in the mail that's good for six months.It's still expensive but there's quality. I'd recommend you give Off Broadway Shoes on South Boulevard a shot first before coming here.
3	They've got great prices on Steve madden, Tahari, cole haan, nine west, and asics! I stop in DSW first before heading over to the more pricey shoes at  the mall! They also have some designer handbags on sale, which is always nice! Clean store and really friendly sales associates. The layout is nice and spcious. I don't feel clostrophobic, even on a busy saturday afternoon.
4	The men's shoes & the Clarence racks are upstairs. ~good stuff
3	This DSW does not have the high-end shoe clearance section. I will not be repetitive and state what others have already said. Con - Whenever I walk into the shoe store, I immediately look for the high-end shoes section. Typically carried brands are: Badgley Mischka, Gucci, Kate Spade.. So if the store does not carry them, it is a disappointment. Pro - Great selection of sneakers, boots, flats, pumps, and sandals. I remember this would be the place I would use to find my bridesmaids shoes. Since one of my cousin lived in another state, she was able to hop into DSW and grab the same brand and color of the shoe to match with my bridal theme.
3	Scenario: it's 6pm NYE and I need shoes for my dress. Oh look, there's a DSW on my way home from the mall. Holy overwhelming. Shoes for days. Where do I even start? I found three different pairs that I loved off the bat. Unfortunately, not a single one in my size. Oh well. My friend had success. On to the check out, where two cashiers were working... Meanwhile, five workers were roaming the floor. Our wait was about 15 minutes. The story wasn't busy, so that was disappointing. I'm glad I have a non-SouthPark Mall option in my hood. This will be a definite stop in my shoe hunt adventures.
