4	QT have a great selection of ice tea and fresh made pretzels. They are always fast and friendly. This is also one of the newly designed style stores. It's big, open and inviting.
5	Always clean, speedy, and friendly. I'm addicted to their tea, no other teas hold up to QT's tea now. I love my local Quicktrip!
5	Love this Quicktrip, nice and new. Huge location, lots of things inside.
4	QT-Best gas station eva!
5	Great store, friendly staff, fast, clean, great selection of goodies, my favorite gas station hands down, I visit almost daily. The selection of fountain teas is great. They have fresh donuts and pastries, ice cream and smoothies, hot food like hot dogs, tacitos etc...very organized, and easy to find things, nice area to sit out side if you wish, over al great store.
4	One of the newer generation QTs, meaning it has a soft-serve bar!!  And for those of you who have never stepped foot in a QT, they offer a truckload of drinks, coffees, donuts, hot dogs, the works.  A one stop shop for all your roadtrippin' needs!  Seriously though, gas prices here are pretty reasonable too.  Git ova hiya (get over here), stat.
4	Since my husband and I moved across town, this is my new QT. It's different than some of the ones I'm used too! It has two entrances, and the coffee and Teas are across the store from the soda fountains (weird?!) But they have the fresh food "Kitchen" and quality I've come to expect from QuickTrips.  They're always clean, always well lit, and always fresh. The staff is a bit less friendly than my old location (19th Ave and Deer Valley) on more than on occasion I've been stuck in line while the gentleman at the register flirted with the girl in front of me (usually on late night runs) and there is one young lady who works in the morning who looks like she'd rather be anywhere else in the world. I get it, it's your job, you aren't always going to love it, but you're in customer service. Don't make me feel like I've ruined your day by showing up. I'm going to continue to visit, since it's next door... and maybe you'll earn your 5th Star. If anyone can, it's QT
5	I am a fan of QT. I always, always will be. This location is very convenient to the freeway and also to the apartments nearby. A wide array of both packaged and fresh foods. Friendly staff. Clean bathrooms.
