5	Definitely a top 5 favorite restaurant in Madison for me!  You just can't beat this classy place if you are in the mood for a gourmet meal.  Just be prepared to get out your pocketbook!  Entrees start at about $30 with an average $9 first course.  Call ahead for a reservation and ask about sitting  next to the window.  The second floor view of the capitol is amazing!!  An extensive wine list, but very few wines by the glass.  The staff knows the menu very well and can answer any questions you have.  I had the skate wing which absolutely melted in my mouth and my date had one of the best cuts of beef I've ever tasted...a flat iron grilled steak.  5 Stars!!
5	Excellent locally sourced food. Quite expensive but well worth it. For all menu items, the source of the ingredients is listed. They also give you small tastings between courses, a tiny cup of soup or an amuse bouche. Their desserts, made from fresh fruit, tend to be excellent so save room.
5	Everything about L'etoile is amazing: from the decor to the desert, it's worth every cent. The waitstaff is knowledgeable and helpful when it comes to wine pairings (the list is extensive.) The view of the Capital is a perfect backdrop for a perfect meal. It's a must for gourmet food lovers.
4	Consider this effectively reviewing by proxy. A good friend went there, and raved endlessly about it. I have done my homework, know it HAS to be good, but was unable to eat there personally when I was in town. None the less...Think Chez Panisse of the Midwest. No - REALLY. This place is more or less a clone, complete with lower priced fare in a cafe under the main restaurant. L'etoile won the James Beard award for Best Restaurant in the Midwest. So suffice to say - you just KNOW it is the best quality food around. But with such good food, comes of course price, so expect to be exceeding your per diem FOR SURE. Still, if you are into this type of dining experience, it doesn't get any better than this. Watch for occasional price fixe dinners - they had one when I was out there, where it was an evening of Spanish food, from start to finish. I really want someone to eat here, and tell me how it is (and my buddy did), as I did not  make it there (yet). Couldn't convince any of my compadres to venture upstairs to eat. But for the foodies, consider this Mecca.
5	I have dinned here quite a bit and I don't have one bad thing to say.I can't not have a orgasmic sensation run through me when I eat here. You could probably order anything and it would be good.*Awesome cheese selections-Hook's 12 year will haunt you forever to eat. Love how they garnish and present their dishes(not just cheese plates)*Soups are impressive and very tasteful *Entrees are always changing and bring new flavors to try*Their desserts will make you make noises when you eat them-Sorbets are mouth watering, excellent flavor combinations * Great wine list as well-Australian Shiraz will hit the spot if your a fanTruly a great experience every time you dine there. Their special dinners and benefit dinners are a must to try. It's simply clear that L'Etoile strides for pure goodness in every plate that is served.
5	This place is amazing. I can't afford to go here on a regular basis but we went here for our anniversary and it was one of the best meals I've ever eaten. I highly recommend it if you're a foodie like me. The best part was the surprising combinations - like the watermelon/champagne/ basil/cayenne "soup" (served in a shot glass) that we had, was perhaps the best thing I've ever had in my life.
5	L'Etoile is one of the elite, if not the very best restaurant in Madison.  The food, service, and presentation are all exceptional.  The seasonal menu and use of food from many local producers ensures that their menu stays fresh and exciting.  Everything I've eaten here has been amazing.  I simply cannot say enough good things about L'Etoile.
5	I loved my meal here. After a long day of wandering around Madison thinking, "Could we actually live here?" this place helped to seal the deal. Can't wait to go back once I am an official Madison resident in a few weeks! Mmm - THE CHEESE!
4	Yes, the food is good.  Excellent.  5 starsBut I have to say the atmosphere is a little underwhelming, hence the knock down a star.I really prefer Harvest next door better. But I understand a real foodie would love this place more.
4	Okay, so I don't really have much to say about this place since I've only done the cafe/pastry service. But if that's just a taste of what the rest of restaurant is, then the restaurant is probably very very good.  Think buttery pastries that are always flaky and never greasy. My favorite is the smoked salmon croissant--creamy, just a bit salty, all encased in a wonderful flaky crust. Think fancy-ass Hot Pocket.A note about the drinks. DO NOT GET LEMONADE to go. EVER. I did that today, and it cost just a little less than my croissant. I was surprised to learn that my drink was 3.25, but then I went to their website and learned they do free lemonade refills. Which is great if you're eating in, but sucks if you're taking out.
5	L'etoile is it. Fresh from the gardens of Wisconsin farmers, the food will exceed your expectations. From the fresh bread and butter, to the creamy delectable soup to the exquisite main course. This is the an amazing restaurant exprience. The waiters are professional, caring and compassionate about the individual palate. My review does not justify the exprience I had there. It is vegetarian friendly, with an amazing vegetarian main course. The food takes the main stage, I was so immersed in the food that the setting was secondry in my mind.  The restaurant is quaint. The tables are set up to view the city of Madison from the 2nd floor of the restaurant. The view is like a moving portrait of Madison.  My boyfriend and I went there for our 2nd year anniversary.  This is a restaurant one must exprience.
5	Hands down the best restaurant in Madison!We appreciate Chef Tory's commitment to using locally grown produce.  It's cool to see him Saturday mornings at the farmers market.  My wife and I like to try and guess the menu he is creating based on what we see in his wagon.The food is consistently good and the menu constantly changes based on what's in season.  As mentioned in other reviews, they have a wonderful cheese selection.  The waiters and waitresses are true culinary professionals.  Their knowledge of the menu is impressive. Excellent wine selection - a good selection of old and new world wines.  Bottles prices are fair.  The only downside is that the restaurant is fairly dressy.  I absolutely love their food (obviously), however I don't always feel like getting dress up.
5	Pretty sure my mouth had an orgasm (excuse the foul language, but there are no better words to explain how freaking good it was).It has such a warm, intimate feeling when you walk in. And it's not just a dinner, it's an experience. Yeah, that sounds cheesy but the waitstaff is excellent. Also, my boyfriend took me there for my birthday and I had a little menu that said Happy Birthday on it and we got to sit in the window, which has a fabulous view of the capital. (And when we went it happened to be lightly snowing-how perfect!)They really explained everything that was being served, which is always good. The meal really flowed and everything was just so delicious! Mmm, I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.Yes, this place is really expensive. (Like 200 dollars for 2 people including wine and whatnot). So, definitely a place to save for a special occassion.  Unless you make enough money to drop $100 on a meal all the time. BUT again, it's not just the food you pay for, it's the whole experience. Best restaurant I've been to!
4	Went for the first time this year during Restaurant Week and had a great meal. Have gone back once for a Tuesday Night Comfort Food Family Style Dinner and that was excellent as well. Great deal on prix-fixe nights and worthy of a splurge for a nice night out. We'll be back.
4	L'Etoile used to seem like a lot of moolah when I was a poor college student. I truly understand its value now.Every dish is beautifully presented and perfectly executed. What I like best is their emphasis on fresh produce and supporting local farmers (Alice Waters-influenced perhaps). Food that tastes good and does good. DAMN! it makes ME feel gooooooood!You'll only find a place with such good food at such reasonable, affordable prices in Madison, WI.
5	Best restaurant in town.  Enough can't be said about their amazing food.  Truly fine dining.
4	Wow.  The food is DIVINE.  I haven't experienced flavors that intense in years.  I would've given it 5 stars, except the atmosphere is way too stuffy for me.  Really expensive great food doesn't mean it can't have a more fun atmosphere...
5	We live in the Chicago suburbs, but this place is worth the drive.My husband and I are really into the local food scene which makes a trip up to the Madison Farmer's Market to buy a couple weeks worth of groceries capped by dinner at L'Etoile a perfect way to spend a Saturday.The food here is really some of the best I've had anywhere in the world.  Despite the location in a smaller scene like Madison, the restaurant is by no means inexpensive.  But, aside from a place we ate in Cape Town (La Colombe) when the exchange rate was good, this really is the best value for money we've had in an expensive restaurant so far.  We made reservations (day of) and they even had a charmingly folksy "personalized menu" for us to take home.  The menu listed where all main ingredients for the meals were from and the back of the menu listed the different local farms L'Etoile sources from.  This restaurant would be in my top 5 list of places to recommend to others.
5	Everything we were served from appetizers through deserts had wonderful and memorable flavors.  The staff was friendly and knew the menu and the wine list inside out.  Using of ingredients from local sources and providing information about the people and places things come from is an excellent touch.  The atmosphere is quieter than some other restaurants which means that you can focus on the great food and converse in a normal voice.  All in all, this was one of the best two or three meals I have had in ten years.
4	Coming back to Madison after many years I decided to try L'Etoile with my daughter.We had a wonderful evening and meal.  I highly recommend it. We were seated  some bit after our reservation time , but the bar was very pleasant and we got to know the barkeep, who is also the sommelier.The food was delicious and just having toured Southwest Wisconsin visiting friends, it was delightful to see many of the local vendors they use listed on the menu. It added to the evening for us.The wine the sommleier chose for us was perfect and fit our meals to a tee.All in all a very nice spot.
5	That's all I can say this place is awesome.
5	I'm always surprised there isn't broader consensus that this is the best restaurant in Madison, because it is.  After 15 years here (and in NYC before that) I've eaten everywhere, and this place is a gift.The kitchen has, miraculously, gotten a hair better (and more creative) since Odessa left.To those who say it's stuffy, you're probably criticizing the genre more than the restaurant, but don't know it.  L'Etoile's is a well-executed version of a traditional (but casual) fine dining service that anyone in a large city--with money to spend--would be familiar with.  There's nothing wrong with not liking it, but recognize that what you're disliking is precisely what they're going for, and not a failure to achieve the more chummy vibe typical to upscale Madison restaurants.  Service is exceptionally attentive but not obsequious, and the staff KNOWS the food.It's way too expensive for regular people, but if you can afford it, it's worth it.I will add that Michael Kwas is a great sommelier and server, although there are several other equally excellent, long-time servers, including some who work the source farms.  Like I said, they know the food.If you've never eaten here, do so.  Get dressed up, get excited about the food and communicate that to your server.  Expect to be treated well, and eat your heart out.
5	This restaurant is the highest quality upscale local restaurant in madison. Sometimes the waitstaff seem to try to be too fancy, but overall I've been happy with the service and the food.  I usually dress up, but have seen many people eating here in shorts and t-shirts. I've been here twice and some entrees were outstanding, while others didn't seem to amaze. The dishes are expensive, so I expect every plate to be a party for my palate.  The steak dishes have always been good and last time I had a scallop dish that was amazing. My husband had fish dish that was so so. Their banana wonton dessert is fabulous. Also, the food is very tasty, but don't expect to go home full unless you have  a couple of courses .
5	What can i say that other's haven't.... best food!!!! best preparation!!!!!  good for the soul!!!!
4	I've been here twice and both times were amazing. The difference between both visits was the lighting. I actually do like to see my food so if L'Etoile can refrain from dimming the lights, it's much appreciated! I know some folks like the romantic setting but seriously, it's all about the food and I would like to see it to appreciate it.
5	My introduction to fine dining. And still one of my favorite meals ever. The steak options are always delicious...well, just like everything else. It's not a generally a laid-back atmosphere (but it's still Madison, so nothing too intense), but I enjoy that as part of the dining experience from time to time.In addition to the absolutely fantastic food, L'Etoile is also great because it provides lots of options for eating excellent food at a reasonable price. The prix fixe option Tuesday to Thursday (I think) will get you three courses for $35. I also hope they start doing the Tuesday laid-back, themed dinner options hosted downstairs again (that's $25 for three courses of what Chef Tory 'would cook at home'). I only made it to the Italian dinner, but it was damn good and I still fantasize about the tiramisu months later.
4	This is an amazing place to eat, the showmanship of the food is fantastic and the service is top-notch! L'Etoile is a very classy place, so be sure to dress for the occassion otherwise youbut  might feel out of place.My wife and I tried the pheasant and the diver scallops; both were presented perfectly and the portions were nicely sized. Both dishes, amazing!!! For desert we tried the chocolate cake and the sorbet. The sorbet was by far the best, I'd recommend it to anyone for a light way to finish off the dinner. The chocolate cake, not bad, but a bit heavy after a three course meal.For drinks I'd recommend the Meyer Lemon gimlet, it was close to the best thing I've had to drink in a very long time!
3	I appreciate the commitment to locally-produced, sustainable foods.  The atmosphere was very nice.  The staff was friendly for the most part - we did wait 10 minutes at the bar before being asked if we wanted a drink - and we were the only people sitting there. I had the unfortunate experience of biting into fat frequently during my four-course dinner.  pork fat - chicken fat - argh!  so gross!My favorite part of my meal was the spinach.  We'll probably go back to give it another chance. REALLY wish they had valet parking.
5	I had an amazing 4 course meal here with my family from philadlephia. my father runs a farmers market there and was very impressed with their use of seasonal and local foods. We had an amazing pork belly salad and I had duck wrapped in bacon and stuffed with pate, which sounds insanely heavy, but it was not; the portion was small enough not to be overwhelmed and it was not overly greasy at all. It was a fantastic meal. I think l'etoile is on par with top restaurants in bigger cities.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE. My absolute favorite restaurant in madison and with good reason. The dinners I've had here are the ones I dream about. And Chef Tory's commitment to locally produced, sustainable foods is the icing on top of never-ending deliciousness.
5	Dinner at L'Etoile is expensive but doesn't feel over priced. My wife and I have eaten here a few times and every time has been a fantastic whole evening experience. The atmosphere is really nice. The service is first class and the locally sourced produce is excellently prepared. The wine selection is extensive with many top notch offerings. They seat from front to back starting at 5:00 pm so be sure to book an early table if you want a great view of the capitol dome.
5	This was one of the best meals I've ever had. And yes, I've eaten at places like Tru in Chicago. My husband, who doesn't even like eating at fancy restaurants, called it memorable. I ordered the ribeye because of the accompaniments - spring garlic and bone marrow creme brulee with spinach, oyster and shitake mushrooms, and fried shallot slices. It was so amazing it sent a shiver straight through me. More than once. Our server was entirely unpretentious and engaging. It was like "Wow, isn't it great to be here and enjoying this wonderful food? Aren't we lucky?" Yes, we are.
4	Last night at L'etoile I had a delicious, delicious meal.  Enjoyed two different types of wine (both red and white) that were exquisite (around 75 dollars for each bottle) and a truly delicious dinner.L'Etoile proudly supports local Wisconsin farmers and lists their fresh produce with its harvest source on the front of the (daily) printed menu.Amazing selection of cheese, as well-- being both French and in Wisconsin (double trouble!)For dinner I had:Heck's Shell Pea Pancake with Maple Cayenne-Glazed Jones Valley Carrots, Spring Vegetable Ragout, Bok Choy, Butternut Brown Butter and Pea Vine Tossed with Maple-Malt Vinaigrette  ($29)AMAZING.  and for desert:Dark Chocolate Torte with Magic Coffee Ice Cream, Jameson Whiskey Caramel and Toasted Hazelnuts   ($8.5)The perfect amount of food and a delicious way to spend the evening.   Tasteful decor, as well.
5	The best fancy experience in all of Madison.  Think 25th anniversary, proposing, your true love's birthday, etc......If you make a special reservation they will make you custom menus with a greeting with your name at the top!So, there I was, broken-hearted on my birthday and ready to make a splash as a single gal.  I said to myself "Dammit girl, you are taking yourself to L'Etoile for YOUR birthday. Done and done."My best gf and I went here to start my birthday festivities.  Having lived in Madison for 5 years prior to the event, I had always gazed wistfully up at the windows of L'Etoile (the place is above Cafe Soleil).  And now I was here!If I remember correctly, you get little sample tastes of some cheese, etc and then order a 1st course (mine was some delish ravioli thing) and then the main course (tuna! amazing!).  Take note that they use fresh local ingredients so I assume the menu is always evolving.Short story: You will be treated to a five star experience that will ooze into a couple of hours.  Granted, be ready to spend some money, but you will love it.FYI: We actually had a credit card snafu that took the place about 3 weeks to fully correct.  While not appreciated, I will not dock stars.  This review is from a March 2009 experience.
5	It is difficult to praise L'etoile too highly. Not only are the ingredients fresh (America's best and largest farmer's market is held every Saturday literally across the street), given the abundance available, they are also excellently sourced. Since we shop at the farmer's market whenever we are in town, we have come to know the raw ingredients L'etoile uses to such good effect.For instance, the beef exclusively comes from Fountain Prairie....and if you know anything about WI beef, you know this bodes extremely well for the flavorfulness of your carppaccio or dry aged ribeye (the latter is justly famous). Likewise, the butter is house churned (!!) Sassy Cow Creamery milk. You will fantasize about this butter for weeks. I could go on and on about the beans and the beets and blueberries...and, well, you get the point.That is why we drive from Chicago to eat here: the opportunity to really connect with the farmers and artisans of WI. While the food is excellent and would deserve praise anywhere else, the focus on helping you discover your local farmer and fresh food is what really sets this place apart.And if the atmosphere is too stuffy for you, strike up a conversation about the food with the waitstaff. The conversation is guaranteed to humanize the experience and you may just leave knowing something about heirloom tomato cultivation in central WI.
4	first of all, i'd suggest you to make a reservation to dine here.then, i'd suggest you take note that the restaurant has a seasonal menu and extensively uses local farmers for their ingredients. that the executive chef knows his food.then, i'd suggest you to dress up real nice because let's face it, we hardly ever do that anymore. let's do something for the hell of it.then, i'd suggest going here for a special occasion. whether it be a birthday, marriage, graduation, childbirth, or conquering the last level of that video game.then, i'd suggest selecting the 5-course option along with the six-wine pairing. it's definitely worth the price.then, i'd suggest letting yourself indulge in the haute cuisine. close your eyes and savor the flavors and textures. and how they complement one another.then, i'd suggest in letting the waiter pamper your every whim and inquiry. engage in some lively conversation with the enthusiastic, earnest sommelier about the varietals and regions of the offered wines.but finally, embrace the moment you're in. enjoy the discourse; truly enjoy the person(s) you're with.yes, it's just dinner. but if you let it -it's a memorable experience.
4	Let the dust settle on their new space.  Excellent service as always, food was great, things were shaky.  I heard a horror story about that Graze place.  Let this one simmer a little.
3	Get the fixed-price menu. Trust me. You'll look at the portion sizes and you won't think it'll fill you up. I'm a big, hungry dude. And it filled me up. Just shut up and get the fixed-price menu. Trust me. Eating at L'Etoile is like taking your gastrointestinal system to a fine art museum, looking at all the paintings, and chuckling pretentiously at some pompous intellectual's lame pun about Monet. "I guess we know now why they spend so much MONET on this museum!" I went to Graze (their cheaper, homier, larger-portioned next door affiliated restaurant) and had a better time, but this place fulfilled its purpose: A really fancy, really classy, REALLY expensive food experience.
5	Is pricey but delicious. What's nice about this place is that even though it's pricey, you get everything you pay for... you're not going to see someone in board shorts and a sweatshirt, it's probably the best and nicest restaurant in Madison. We compare this one to Harvest and although we adore Harvest, it's rustic elegance doesn't make the extra dosh feel ok. However at L'Etoile... you can dress up and get treated like a king and queen. The waiters are extremely knowledgeable about every dish and the chef changes the menu every week based on the freshness of the food. The waiters go through the entire menu and explain where the food came from and how each dish was prepared. It makes eating so much more special. Terra got the fois gras and Chris ordered the soup. Both starters were amazing and you really find yourself savoring every bite. We ran the numbers and it does make sense to get the tasting menu. They say they give half portions but it was plenty of food and we were full by the end of the evening. We recommend ordering the least expensive bottle bc ANY bottle on their menu is outstanding! You won't go wrong. We will definitely go there again and the new venue makes you feel like you're in the modern quarter of any big snazzy city! Luv it!
5	You haven't completed your culinary experience in Madison until you have tried this phenomenal menu. Chef Tory is a genius who uses only the most perfect and complimentary ingredients to create the most exquisite flavors. The wait staff is very knowledgeable of the menu and will take their time to describe each tantalizing course. If this is your first time, I would recommend opting for the "tasting menu" which allows you to choose one item from each of their four courses for only $65. The new location is beautiful with a swanky metropolitan feel in the heart of our beautiful city. It's best to make a reservation. You may request seating by the windows, but every table in this new building has a tremendous view. One last tip: the 20 minute wait for the chocolate souffle is well worth it!
4	What a gorgeous dinner!  Minus the long wait at the bar for our pre-dinner drinks, this was a perfect evening from start to finish.  My husband and I came here for a romantic dinner while visiting Madison over the weekend.  We had the 4-course tasting menu.  Our server was amazing at describing the menu offerings in detail and the pace of the service was very good.  Everything was beautifully presented, but there were a few distinct winners of the night.  The gnocchi with blue cheese and an apple cider reduction was tender and delicious.  The bison tenderloin served atop loaded mashed potatoes was nearly the best cut of meat I've ever tasted.  Desserts were also superb.  I had the chocolate pate with chocolate orange biscotti and cocoa sorbet.  So rich, I actually left some on the plate!  My husband had the seasonal pumpkin mousse cake with an unbelievable pumpkin cream sauce.The view of the Capitol and surrounding area outside the tall glass walls was very pretty and the dining room was elegantly decorated with simple white tablecloths.  There is also an elevated loft area if you choose to have a private group celebration.  This is a pricy night out, but well worth it for a special occasion.  Be sure to get the tasting menu for a phenomenal dining experience.
5	Exceptional service and food.  Most dishes showcase local specialities and seasonal ingrediants.  A must try for anyone living in this part of the country.
5	I was told this place is Madison's Chez Panisse (Berkeley, CA) and after several encounters at L'Etoile, I would go further to say, this place is SO MUCH BETTER.Love it.Service: 4.5Friendly friendly service, calm and composed professional waiters, making you feel at home and enjoy the wonderful dinner. One thing to note, you NEED to take 2 to 3 hours for a meal here. With such good food, how can you NOT enjoy it slowly? Also, their last opening for reservation is 8:30pm, so that customers have at least 2 hours to enjoy their meal. If you call ahead to let them know the occasion, they'll personalise the menu for you!Food: 5There's always a new surprise when I visit. Love all the local food flavors, yet with such new combinations each week. The 3 course Prix Fixe is from Mondays to Thursdays, and goes at a reasonable price of $39. I can't tell you how much I love their bread, their butter, their complimentary soup and little sweets at the end. It is AWESOME. Ambience: 5I would say personally I preferred the old cosy location by Old Fashioned.. But, the new place has such AMAZING views! The Capitol glimmers through the glass building!! And this is such a romantic place to go to, I've heard so many of my friends talk about their marriage proposals at L'Etoile :)I can't tell you favorites... since they have new flavors every week. But, rest assured, you will not be disappointed. For such a reasonably priced restaurant, the dishes they serve are god-like. Michelin star reviewers! Where have you been and you've REALLY REALLY been missing out.
5	I've visited four times now, so I'm ready to hand out the five star review.  I visited the old restaurant three times, one of which was during Restaurant Week, and the new restaurant once so far.As most residents know, this is hands-down the best restaurant in Madison.  The food is simply amazing.  And yes, I visited Chez Panisse when I was living in the Bay Area.  Each time, the we've enjoyed everything from the amuse bouche to the final complimentary treats.  Even during Restaurant Week, the true test, the food was wonderful and the wine pairings perfect.  It seems that no matter what we order, it tastes wonderful. I'll admit service was not as impeccable as usual, but for $40 for amazing food and wine I was more than ok with that.  On a typical night, the service is perfect.  The wait staff is clearly full of professionals.   The atmosphere in both restaurants is like nothing else in Madison. If you want the best of Madison, and you're willing to go all out, go to L'Etoile.
5	This is definitely one of the best meals I have ever had.  Bold statement, I know.    I won't go into the details of what we had, because the menu changes all the time, based on what is seasonal in Wisconsin.   The service was excellent -  I love a staff that knows their food and that answers questions truthfully.  The staff describes the menu in detail with an educational vibe, instead of being stuffy.  I hate restaurants that think they are all that, and let you know it.  L'Etoile is excellent, and still cares about their customers and their business.  The whole restaurant is based on purchasing local ingredients and letting those ingredients shine on the menu.  I also like how they tell you exactly which farm your ingredients came from - Giving props back to the farmers/producers - Love that.  I did have the blueberry mojito which was awesome.  Make sure you bring your pocketbook......but, it is definitely worth it, and I can't wait to go back.
4	My husband and I were visiting from the Bay Area. At the time we were considering to relocate to Madison (which is hard given the weather differences) so I decided to explore the culinary options in the city (this is very important for me). We got the tasting menu with wine pairings. The food was good and the staff was very nice. We have finally decided to relocate to Madison so I am looking forward to visit this place again. I hope the quality of their food and service is consistent.[During our visit we also tried the Blue Marlin and Otto's - we are going to miss the Bay Area's Cusine but I think we will survive]
5	Phenomenal food, absolutely top-notch.  What I love about L'Etoile is that, like several other high-end Madison restaurants, you get the quality of a high-end Chicago restaurant at about 20% less cost.  I'll forget the exact details of what we had, but my wife and I had an early dinner here last weekend, and it consisted of the lamb carpaccio (delicious), jambalaya (wow), tilefish, and fluke.  The seafood was excellent, our server was quite pleasant and accommodating, and the view of the capitol is excellent.  Truly one of Madison's best places to eat.
4	Fresh, mostly locally grown foods. They get a variety of produce from farms around the city and from the Farmers Market on the Square. I love their warm Croissants on Saturday morning (the Apple one is good as is the Valrhona Dark Chocolate one). They have good desserts too (changes seasonally; I liked their Berry Sabayon).Food is pricey though, so watch out.
5	Really good brunch menu. The weight staff is friendly and the view of the capitol building through the huge windows is breath-taking!
5	I've eaten at roughly 20 of the late Gourmet magazine's Top 50 restaurants in the United States, and none of them exceed L'Etoile in terms of the quality of the food.  The best time to go to L'Etoile is in late July or early August, when virtually the meal is derived from ingredients from the wonderful farmer's market right across the street. The new location is even better than the old one, and unlike many other relocations, the food hasn't missed a beat.  It is worth the drive to Madison to eat here, and L'Etoile is easily my favorite restaurant...anywhere.L'Etoile also offers excellent demonstrative cooking classes on Thursday nights, but sign up early because they fill up very quickly.
5	One of the best meals that I've had in a while! Perfect service from the personalized menu to the enthusiastic descriptions of each ingredient in the dishes. And the view! Delightful. Even the cocktails were great! We asked the bartender to be creative, based on our taste, and he nailed it. I love a good bartender!Since the menu changes often, I would say just order whatever is in season. When we went, it was sauteed ramps with crispy sorrel mushrooms topped with a runny duck egg. Perfection. The carpaccio was also delicious, they managed to elevate that simple dish to divine perfection with micro greens and a delicate delicious sauce. For our main course, we shared the seafood pasta, which was bucatelli with crab, fish... and some other seafood, but with each morsel cooked absolutely just right, and coated in delicate sauce that accented, without overwhelming the dish. I'm not a huge dessert person, but they did a pretty great Creme Brulee and an awesome white chocolate mousse with some sort of berry sorbet. The petit fours were also great. All around, delightful meal.
3	It may seem unfair to complain about a good meal, but my most recent experience at L'Etoile was just that: "good."My wife and I went to L'Etoile and each tried the tasting menu. This is not a special menu prepared by the chef for that day, but rather an opportunity to pick one item from each category on the menu. Well, I could have done that anyway...but I digress.Arguably my favorite course was the amuse. A thick creme of blended cottage cheese with pumpkin oil and toasted pepitas was a wonderful way to start the evening, particularly with the Neriot Champagne it was paired with.The beef carpaccio and beef tongue confit we started with were good. The tongue was rich and flavored the radish salad it came with in a lovely manner. The wine pairing with the tongue was a dry Alsatian blend--truly inspried.Our next course--crawfish tails and snails with a tiny croissant for me and octopus salad and other delights for my wife were just so-so.Our entrees were impeccably well prepared--NY Strip for my wife, Pheasant for me, but there was nothing to make it stand out.Our cheese plate was, however, magnificent. We could not even finish it, loads of cheese and all delicious, but our wines came much to soon and were largely empty by the time our cheese arrived.I will say this: the service at L'Etoile was beyond reproach. In a town where the hipper the restaurant is the less attentive or more rude the staff seems to be, that was a welcome comfort. Our menus were personalized, the wine steward was happy to chat with us, and all of our needs were met.Ultimately, where I was left cold was maybe of my own doing. I set the bar for L'Etoile too high. My meal was "only" good, but my experience was great.
4	We got the tasting menu (no wine pairings). The amuse was amazing (never knew I liked cottage cheese). Loved the octopus appetizer (could have used a few more on the plate) and the agnolotti was perfectly cooked. I had the tenderloin as the main course and although slightly overdone, was gone in about 5 minutes. I've had better crumble but this one was perfectly acceptable. The service was top-notch. You could really tell the server had a passion for the food.
5	This was our third visit to L'Etoile and our first in the elegant new roomy space. I think they have improved, as this was the most memorable meal yet. Nice windows. The amuse bouche raita-like cold soup with asparagus and pumpkin seeds was OK. The beef tongue salad was very good, very deeply-flavored, and the octopus salad was also nice, the big chunks of octopus surprisingly tender (brined, according to the server). Midcourse was the boudin blanc, basically a house-made bratwurst redolent of morels and ramps, nestled in creamy truffled potato mash and drizzled with a mustardy brown sauce. The truffle shavings option was an awesome add. My wife had the salmon in broth with various vegetables, and I had the brined sliced pork chop, kind of like ham, with a tasty little savory flan and a slice of pheasant pate. Went well with a Malbec. Dessert was a berry cheesecake. We always enjoy this restaurant and view it as a special occasion, which you have to, as it's pretty pricey. But you never feel ripped off. Everything is lovingly crafted and presented, very professional, and of course supportive of artisan producers. (Don't even try to compare it to the Immigrant Restaurant in Kohler, similarly priced but an emperor with no clothes located in a windowless basement.) Worth a trip to Madison which is a nice town.
2	We have dined at L'Etoile many times over a 20 year period and have always had a wonderful time with excellent, often inspired, food, and very good service.  The ambience was refined and added to the quality of the experience.  We dined at the new L'Etoile last week and had a thoroughly disappointing experience.We were seated at a round booth table without a tablecloth in a location cut off from diners in the front and upstairs dining areas.  The booth table was reminiscent of corner booth tables at Perkins!  The server had to ask a couple of diners to hand plates to her because she could not reach over the expanse to get the plate.  To make matters worse, when asked why the table had no cloth, she responded that management was considering removing tablecloths from all tables for ecological reasons and because laundry often returned cloths without stains thoroughly removed.With the exception of a couple of mid-courses and a cheesecake dessert, all diners felt the food was not up to previous standards.  The third courses were remarkable for lack of memorable flavor and the pasta with seafood was bland and flavorless.  The market cut ribeye came out as a very large slab of meat sprinkled with a few frites.  There was little that was subtle about the dish.  The amuse, a liquified cottage cheese concoction, was the flavor highlight of the meal.  The food was memorable for lack of flavor, the service was adequate and somewhat perfunctory and the ambience was terrible due to the table.  We will probably give L'Etoile another try because of our history of excellent dining experiences there.  But it will not be for a very long time.
5	I have just had one of the BEST meals of my life. We ate at L'Etoile Restaurant in Madison. And not just that the food was great... the service and attention to detail was remarkable. WOW.
5	A-mazing, but pricey. The fiancee and I went with her parents who generously offered to pay and said, "Order whatever you'd like." Not to take advantage of their offer too much, I had the amuse bouche to start, the "drunken" wild Gulf shrimp midcourse, and an amazing seafood pasta dish for dinner. I paired it with an incredible Cabernet Sauvignon. The fiancee and her parents all loved their dishes as well, but I can't remember what everyone had ...The service was impeccable but not overbearing. It was wasn't overly crowded while we were there (most people were at Concerts on the Square), so it wasn't overly loud.Speaking of Concerts on the Square, I made our dinner reservation through OpenTable, and the restaurant called me around noon the day of our 7:30 dinner to suggest that we leave extra time for parking and traffic because of the concert. Talk about customer service!And finally, as a little bonus, at the top of the menu was the message, "L'Etoile welcomes the Hurwitz Party." Very nice touch, though I did have a small pang of guilt for the 4 sheets of paper used for the 10 minutes of deciding what to eat for dinner.
5	As far as fine dining is concerned, this is the best place in Madison. This chef is extremely talented, anything you order will be top notch. They also have an incredibly knowledgeable staff and an excellent wine list. 5 star, two thumbs up, gold medal winner!
5	Dang, guys.  SIX stars. The watermelon kimchee with crispy pork belly, frisee and spiced cashews was the all-time most delicious thing I'd ever put in my mouth.  Until I tasted the wild mushroom hash topped with a perfect duck egg and sweet onion confit.  Until I tasted the perfectly prepared truffled sea bass with leek fondue (whoa) and celeriac.  A sweet brown sugar pavlova topped with broiled peaches, homemade ice cream and fresh berries was an elegant and lovely way to finish the very best meal I've ever eaten. Hot tip: Do your palate a favor and let them pair the wines for you.  Michael, the wine director, is friendly, knowledgeable and a genius at what he does. He answered my questions with seeming delight for both the wines and the conversation.  The service was incredibly attentive, but in a professional (read: not phony) and non-intrusive way. This is the place to go.  It is not cheap, but neither are you. Treat yourself.
4	The service here is second to none in this beautiful establishment that clearly is forcing others to raise the bar in Madison for fine dining.  The wine list is fantastic, offering Bordeauxs, off the beaten path malbecs and serving several very nice wines by the glass as well.  The apps were exquisite and brimming with flavor.  We tried the beef tongue carpaccio and were delighted with the presentation and technique.  The risotto was perhaps too oily as was a few other dishes which is why I cannot give this place five stars.  Will be back to give it another try, with the service as good as it gets here, this place has begun to be on a short list of restaurants with real staying power.
4	A Madison food institution.  The food is good albeit overpriced.  I actually prefer Harvest downstairs from L'etiole more but either is good.
3	The first time I went to L'Etoile was back in 2000 while I was attending school there.  It was a "stumble upon" as a friend and I were just walking around the Capital Square and decided to enter.  At that time, it was in a different building on the same street.  We walked up the stairs to the second level.  Dressed in street clothes we almost turned away, but the staff was so warm and inviting.  I preferred this location much more than it's current  all open, no privacy, and wall to wall windows... definitely lacks the warmth that it's previous location had which was more Victorian' esque.  AND, being a vegetarian I remembered that there was still at least one soup, appetizer, and mid course and entree which catered to my diet.  I still remember the entree to this day, which was spinach, shiitake mushrooms, and tomatoes in a saffron like sauce but placed in phyllo wrappings.  In 2000, 6 stars...My last visit was very nice but my taste buds weren't exploding.  And at a cost of $160 plus a $25 tip I would have rather gone to a few of my other favorite restaurants in Madison, like Kabul, Chautara, Himalchuli, Baraka, etc.  Thankfully my date paid, but I talked it up so much, I think he probably felt the same.  I was also bummed out that there were less choices for vegetarians.  The entree I picked (the only option) was a cute idea... little pumpkins that were filled with seasonal ingredients, but definitely not worth $36.  The salad was good, but again, overpriced... I can get a ridiculously delicious salad somewhere else for half the price.  And since it was a semi chilly day, mid fall, I was craving a bowl of soup.  Big mistake L'Etoile... any restaurant, especially a high end one should ALWAYS have a vegetarian soup as an option.  This establishment emphasizes local organic food, and many of those types are going to draw in vegetarians.  When I asked the server if they could make a soup he said no.  The attitude was more snobby than the last time and I was even dressed much more formally.Not going to eat here again.  Sorry "L'Etoile", but you are no longer "The Star" restaurant which you claim to be.
5	I recently celebrated my sixth anniversary with my partner at L'Etoile. It was an amazing experience during which I ate some of the best food of my life. First, having told them that it was our anniversary when scheduling reservations, the staff was incredibly attentive and polite. We received complimentary sparkling wine at the start of our meal to toast, followed by custom menus with my name and a special message at the top.For eats, we started with carpaccio and an oyster stew. The carpaccio was served with a raw, kohlrabi salad and fingerling potato chips. The grass-fed beef was some of the best meat I've ever had. Our oyster stew was a combination of cornmeal fried oysters and a salsify poured over mushrooms and sunchokes. Our main courses were the turbot served with roasted fall vegetables and truffle mashed potatoes, and then the pork chop. Both dishes were succulent and perfectly balanced in the flavor and texture departments. For drinks, I opted for the wine pairing. At $36 for three glasses of well-matched wine, it's really a good deal. My partner opted for cocktails, which were expertly imagined and refreshing. Overall, we had a really wonderful experience at L'Etoile. I think the only negative comment I have about this place is that our waiter was weird. Other than that, it was lovely and we'll definitely return to celebrate future special occasions.
3	I was a little bit disappointed with L'Etoile. I mean, I did get a decent meal and by all means recommend it if you can afford it. But for the amount of money I dropped on this meal - more than I've ever spent on any meal in my entire life - I expected nothing short of perfection. What I got was just...good.To start, the service was weak and unprofessional. Our waitress did not approach our table until fifteen minutes after we were seated, and she didn't appear to be very talented at her job. That is, she could be a little too talkative at times and yet she made herself very difficult to find when she was needed. She by no means was the worst waitress I've had, but this clearly isn't your stereotypical "snooty Frenchman waiting on you hand and foot" experience. I would figure a place like this can afford to hire the cream of the crop in service staff.And the food was really good! But it wasn't great. My main course (scallops) was alright, but not worth the triple cost I paid for them when compared against many seafood restaurants. Same goes for my girlfriend's pumpkin and squash dishes.I really, truly enjoyed the (not French) onion soup and that has to be the most memorable experience for me at this restaurant. It takes a lot of talent to bring a soup up to that kind of silky consistency and it was so absolutely packed with flavor that I had to work at in very small sips. I also appreciated the chef constantly sending out amuse-boches to keep us happy between courses.If there's a carpaccio plate on the menu when you choose to come here, don't pass it up. I don't think you could find anywhere else in town that could prepare the dish with such skill and originality. I ordered a paper-thin bison carpaccio with onion crisps and a salad on top that combined to make a flavor that was just out of this world.Dessert? I don't even remember it. The one cocktail we bought was too overpowering to taste like much other than whiskey.Overall, due to the restrictive cost this place is only for very special occasions. But for the price I'm paying I expect way more than a series of hit-or-misses and I'd be much better off spending this kind of money in a place like Chicago. L'Etoile's got very few competitors in the gourmet restaurant game in Madison and it really does show.
5	On our little Midwest foodie tour, we decided to splurge here and it was well worth it.  The friendly staff had no problem changing our reservations a few times and we arrived to staff immediately taking our coats and sitting us at one of their very spacious tables with personalized menus.  We were slightly disappointed they stopped the tasting menu we had requested, but quickly forgot our worries once our mouths started watering over the menu.I ordered:Porkbelly radicchio saladDry-aged steak with cabernet jus and potato gratin Drinks: Trans euro express cocktail, Pinot noir from NE Italy, and the desert flight of winesEverything was just a little over the top. Definitely a place you go when you want to spoil yourself or others.
3	This restaurant is absolutely gorgeous, the service is excellent and the ambiance is quite romantic.  We came here on Friday to celebrate our 2 year anniversary-we had a table looking out on the capital building as the snow was falling...it was beautiful.  The other guests in the restaurant were an ecclectic mix-an odd combination of Wisconsin insurance executives types with their much younger wives, Portlandia extras and university professors trying to impressive their out of town guests and there was even one guy who looked like he walked off a farm (maybe he was bringing stuff to the kitchen)-I guess that's a nice/interesting mix?!? For such a fancy place- there is no dress code, which is absolutely AWESOME!  The website even says to wear what you're comfortable in.The restaurant printed out special menus that congratulated us on our annivesary and we were met with little glasses of champagne when we sat down-how cool was that!!!  Our server, Frank, was great-very informative, made you feel like you weren't in the wrong place for not knowing what "pasta ripiegato" is exactly....and he wasn't overbearing.  I was in awe of his knowledge on literally everything on the menu.    I really enjoyed having him as our waiter!  We ordered a first and second course to share and then ordered our own entrees.  The first course, octopus was not outstanding in any way-it was squeeky (I know, I know, it's supposed to be that way) and tasted of olive oil and lemon with some potatoes thrown in.  I also felt like the menu should say that the dish was cold-which it did not!  The pasta ripiegato (I'm glad I asked what it was) was delicious and it was like nothing I have had before.  It was creamy from the cheese and squash and tart from cherries-my favorite thing on the menu!For our main course, I ordered the John Dorry fish and my husband ordered a grass fed steak....my husband was SO happy with his order and mine left me wanting for more....it was just plain too small and you could tell the potatoes had been sitting on the plate and were reheated when the fish was ready.  I'm sorry but for those prices that is unacceptable!  I was very underwhelmed by my dish.  At the end of our meal, my husband got a cheese platter, which was absolutely outstanding!!!  I ordered a flourless chocolate cake that had very little taste and one bite of strawberry ice cream.  Again, it left me wanting more.The actual (for real this time) end of our meal was some little complimentary bits and bobs from the kitchen-some excellent caramel popcorn and little candies-that was a nice touch!  Everything about this reastaurant was a great experience for my husband but I was not pleased with my dishes-they were either flavorless or too small...or you could tell they had been prepared hours in advance.  However, this reastaurant does have something special going on and the attention to detail and non pretentious manner was appreciated.  I'm still deciding on whether or not I would  come again, but I did enjoy myself while there!!
5	When my husband and I were still dating, he found L'Etoile and took me for my birthday.  We have gone back every year since until we moved to South Florida.  My husband even took me there the night he proposed.   The staff is fantastic and very knowledgeable of the menu and wines.  Chef Tory is a FANTASTIC chef!  I have enjoyed every dish I have ever eaten at L'Etoile.   It is pricey but it's also a 5 star French Restaurant.  You get what you pay for and what you pay for is DELICIOUS!  Well worth the price.  My only complaint is that Chef Tory doesn't make his wonderful Creme Brulee enough.  It's absolutely to die for!!!  L'Etoile is definitely a place to go to spoil your taste buds.  Oh and a plus is that most of their ingredients come from local farms.
5	This restaurant is very upscale for Madison. It was very personalized and even made special menus with our reservation name on them. The food was phenomenal although the wait for the food seemed a little long. Needless to say the entrees were well worth the wait. I recommend highly!
5	So the only downside of having an amazing first course is that the rest of the meal didn't quite match up, though on their own the entree and dessert were both also delicious. A warm melted local cheese topped with arugula, pear and smoked cashews was...creamy, crunchy, tangy, freshly crisp, wow!Entree was three perfectly cooked diver scallops on bed of garlicky kale and black lentils with smoked ham bits, topped with a sweetly acidic mix of apple celeriac. This dish could have used more of the celeriac and a bit more crunch somewhere...maybe crisped bits of pork belly instead of the ham that was soft and relatively mild/lost in the mix.Dessert was solid, a chocolate pave with soaked cherries, frozen custard, cherry glaze. French press coffee was very good. They have a great selection of cocktails, beers, and top notch liquor-- casa noble tequila, excellent scotches, mythe absinthe, others.Service was truly impeccable, attentive without being stuffy or overbearing. I think that if I go again I will get 2 first and 2 second courses and skip the entree, so I can try more flavors.
5	I have eaten there 4 or 5 times and while these were by far the most expensive meals I've ever eaten they are also absolutely the best dining experiences I've ever had. The food was fantastic and the restaurant was lovely.I'm not a foodie but if you've never really tried this kind of dining it will change the way you think about food. I haven't eaten there in over two years but I can still remember many of the wonderful things I've enjoyed there and the next time I'm in Madison and it's the kind of special occasion where I can justify the price I'll happily go back.
2	"We are an amazing restaurant"  That is the message you get loud and clear from L'Etoile.  The only problem with that message is that it simply isn't true.  Besides, a truly amazing restaurant doesn't need to beat you over the head with how great they think they are.  The restaurant experience speaks for itself.The dining room was nice, but had a somewhat cavernous and empty feeling to it.  It just didn't feel very warm and inviting.  I felt somewhat like I was in a fishbowl on display to the capitol square.  The view of the Capitol was nice.The service was overbearing.  Every single dish had a long list of ingredients, and each ingredient had a story to it.  I'm definitely a foodie.  I find it impressive when a restaurant will highlight an ingredient and tell you about it's provenance.  At some point though, I would like the waitstaff to disappear so I can actually chat with my friends and not be talked at.  Seriously, waiter, go away!  Let me be. The food itself was beautiful on the plate, and in it's description.  Taste was average.  There was not a single bite that I had where I went that was an amazing bite!  My large steak was somewhat awkwardly stacked on top of a small amount of potatoes.  My apple salad was mediocre at best.  Dessert was good, but I have had better.  The food looked, and sounded special, but it just didn't taste that way.  For the price I paid, I was expecting a lot more from L'Etoile.  I will not be back because the Madison restaurant scene has too many outstanding restaurants at 1/3 the price of L'Etoile.  This place simply isn't good enough to be charging the prices they are.
5	This is the first time I came to L'etoile. Every dish surprises me. Definitely Michelin-level restaurant. DO GO!
5	We had a spectacular meal here on Monday night. The restaurant is beautiful and filled with light, looking straight at the Capitol. We showed up at the geriatric hour of 5:45, which ended up being a good idea on a Monday--we were there until 7:45, leaving time for a walk around Capitol Square after dinner. Every course is an event at L'Etoile--from the little appetizers our friendly, knowledgeable server Jessica brought out at the start of the meal to the sweet treats she brought with our bill. We really enjoyed the little, inventive extras, as well as our first and second courses and dessert. The drinks are delicious and creative, with a few non-alcoholic cocktails (thank you!) and a great wine list. We had the field greens salad and the ramp gnocchi as our first courses, which were both divine. Entrees were halibut and the "greens waffle," which both offered a creatively presented combination of spring flavors. Jessica happily answered all our menu questions, and the entire staff was pleasant and unobtrusive. Special thanks go to the hostess, who gave us specific directions to the parking lot when we called to confirm our reservation. :)We will absolutely be back for special occasions. Our viewpoints are slightly skewed after living in the SF Bay Area for many years, but we thought the prices were reasonable. Definitely special occasion prices, but not astronomical. The flavors and service were worth every penny.
5	Halfway through our dinner, we looked at each other and said, "Really? This? In Madison, Wisconsin?!"Oh yes.We began by sharing the carpaccio;  served with a shaved radish and pea shoot salad, smoked potato chips, and marrow vinaigrette, it was divine.We then received a sample from the kitchen:  cold strawberry soup, seasoned simply with pepper, tarragon, and Moscato, garnished with a creamy blue cheese and a few lavender flowers.  Beautiful, and a delicious palate cleanser.For an entree, I chose the whole roasted branzino.  It was exactly how I like my fish:  perfectly done, simply prepared, and seasoned with a light hand, so you can actually taste the fish.  The accompanying dill new potatoes were fresh, lightly buttery and delicious.My boyfriend chose the hot paprika crusted halibut, which was really just superb.  The fish - pan-seared, crusted, then finished to perfection in the oven - was presented on a small pile of shredded smoked ribs, all of this nestled on a chickpea puree and drizzled with a demi glaze.  The flavors harmonized perfectly, and the presentation was beautiful.I'm not exactly sure how either one of us had room for dessert, but I'm glad that we did.  I ordered a goat-cheese creme brulee, accompanied by chocolate biscotti, a candied olive madeleine, and raspberries - so good.  My boyfriend chose the cheese platter, which paired three phenomenal local cheeses with sliced apples, quince jelly, and addictive smoked-candied Brazil nuts.  When we told our server that the nuts were, basically, crazy-good, she brought us a box of them to take home.Our check arrived with a little dish of sweets from the kitchen:  decadent chocolate mint truffles, strawberry jellies, and a handful of caramel corn.All in all, it was a wonderful dining experience.  The food was of a caliber that we sometimes don't even see in New York City, and therefore weren't expecting to find in comparatively-little Madison.  The service was impeccable:  attentive but not overbearing, informative when we needed it to be.  The attention to detail was excellent from start to finish.  The wine list was nothing short of fantastic.  The room itself is beautiful, modern yet still romantic.   Yes, this restaurant is a splurge, but it's worth every penny.I will make one recommendation:  if you can, dine early.  Our reservation for 8:45 on a Friday night ultimately got us seated around 9:15, and the bar was so incredibly busy (the bartender was awesome, but he had no assistance) that we didn't get a drink until mere moments before we were seated.  Fortunately, the rest of the dining experience was so good that it made up for that slight glitch.
4	The food is undoubtedly delicious, but they are very pushy. The service was pretty awful; the waiter kept on pushing us to pair our wines even though we said we didnt want to. Just be careful if you go with a specific budget in mind to not get sucked into more by pressure.
5	L'Etoile (LE) succeeds on every level, and does so brilliantly.  You will be hard pressed to find equal, let alone better, food, service, and ambiance.  Located on S. Pinckney St. right across from the beautiful state capital building, the architect took full advantage of this by using glass for almost the entire front of the building.  Diners are given the visual treat of gazing at the sites while enjoying the artwork from the kitchen.I'll spare you the blow by blow on what we ate; everything was superb.  Sourced from local farms, the food was fresh and thoughtfully prepared.  While LE suggests French cuisine, I thought it was more new-American.Our sever Michael was perhaps the best waiter I've ever encountered.  Knowledgeable, pleasant, and obviously a lover of good food and drink, his descriptions of the dishes, preparations, and wines were as good as the food itself.  Be sure to ask for him.So, if you want the hat trick of great food, ambiance, and service look no further than LE.
5	BEST RESTAURANT IN MADISON. This place is incredible. As a college kid I can never afford to go here, but my parents took me for my birthday and wow. The portion sizes are small but every bite is incredible delicious. The food is as fresh as can be and service was perfect.THis is what every restaurant should strive for.
5	Lovely evening.  The service was perfect and the food was complex and delicious. Very pricey, but I felt we got our money's worth.
3	It was fine.  It's Madison Wisconsin so what do you expect?  Madison thinks it kind of fab, but not really.  It is a small college town/city.  Once you leave the parameters of downtown it is essentially strip mall hell and filled with fatties.The food was ok, nothing spectacular.  The plates were pretty.  Portions were perfect, it was refreshing to not see a plate piled high with food in a restaurant in Wisconsin.The service was very good though.  Loved the waitress.It seemed stuffy and old to me.  It was very quiet in the restaurant and once you leave the place the streets are deserted.It needs some more life and energy and color to the place.And it kind of needs to get over itself...you are in Wisconsin.Everything was good, I don't need to be a bummer but it is not that special.
5	Great ambiance, excellent service, and fantastic food.It was my boyfriend's birthday, and I mentioned that when I called to make reservations. When we arrived we received specially printed menus that wished him happy birthday! It was a really nice, thoughtful touch.They take great care to source their ingredients locally, which was especially nice for visitors like me; it gave me a lot of exposure to the products of local farms and really made the food something that I wouldn't be able to get anywhere else.I also really appreciated the small bites of food they gave us to complement the meal: tiny pastries to start, a mini soup before the entrees, and dark chocolate truffles with  cubes of raspberry jelly and caramel corn after dessert. It's the little touches like that that really made this place a worthwhile experience.
5	This place is perfect. So if you want perfect, here it is.This is where my parents had their wedding dinner, if that gives you any idea.Be sure to talk to the sommelier about your wine.If you drop your spoon they are waiting with a new one, or if your wine is 3 minutes late to your dinner, they will take it off the bill or some such. Wow, so perfect.I literally had a food orgasm here.Even the lighting is perfect.And the adjoining bakery/cafe: Cafe Soleil:EAT THE MARZIPAN CROISSANT AND THE MAGIC COFFEE. (cinnamon magic?)You will not regret it.
5	I'm not sure why I'm so late in writing this review! As expected, the food, service, pairings and ambience were INCREDIBLE. We went all out: cocktails, all courses (save dessert) and a wine pairing. Priiiicey? Sure, but worth every penny. I won't recap every dish I had, so here are some highlights:1) Amazing cocktails! I've had some weird experiences with ordering cocktails in a fine dining restaurant and find them so off balance; too sweet, severely alcoholic or just plain wonky. Not at L'etoile! There's some magic being worked behind that bar. 2) The service was impeccable. We were walked through all of our dishes and their respective pairings. My water glass was never empty, silverware replaced appropriately, table crumbed; perfect as expected. The pacing was so perfect. 3) The lamb hot link. HOLY FU*KBALL$. Easily the tastiest sausage I've ever had.  On the way out, I was asked what my favorite part of the meal was.  I replied that I loved the lamb hot link and asked what was it in.  I was kind of laughed at, but it was then explained that there were over 25 spices; basically a pinch of this, a pinch of that, and everything else in the spice cabinet.  My hopes of recreating it at home have been dashed. Probably should have gotten dessert, but I was so stuffed.  There's always next time!
5	I love this place.  Anytime I come in feeling bad I leave content, full, enlightened by food and at peace with the world.  But that's just who I am.  Some people go to church.  I go to dinner.  But all of the reviews here talk about the food, and you'll hear everything you need to about the dishes.I'd like to talk to you about the drinks.  If you're unsure about making a reservation at L'Etoile, or you don't want to drop that much cash on a meal, GO THERE FOR A COCKTAIL.  Digestif, aperitif, whatever.  GO.  I know, Graze is right next door and they're sister restaurants and Graze has slightly-cheaper interesting cocktails, but L'Etoile's cocktails are mixed impeccably.  Reuben and William, 2 of the awesome bartenders there (I think Aaron has joined them recently, but I'm not sure), will take care of you.When they make a drink, it is nothing less than art.  Even when it's Saturday night and they have 97 other things to do, they will find the time to do whatever they need to to make your drink perfect.  Set fire to an orange peel, artfully carve a slice of god-knows what, froth an egg white, and set it in front of you with a flourish.  And then you taste it.  And it is perfect.  No matter what you order, it will be perfect.Once, I was having dessert at a table, and I noticed William was at the bar, and I said to my (impeccable, of course) waitress, "And some kind of drink... coffee... thing.  Surprise me?"  I expected to get some variation on Irish coffee, but what came back to me was this amazing chilled cocktail with... I don't even know what.  Subtle hints of citrus and anise, coffee flavor featured bright and rich, something cinnamony.  I didn't ask, and I didn't need to.  It was just wonderful.The food is of course great, but if you decide to have something other than liquid there and you don't know what drink would go best, talk to one of the bartenders, or Michael, the sommelier.   Yes, he's the wine guy, but if you say, "I prefer beer?"  It's Madison, he won't even blink.  He'll just smile and say, "I can bring you a beer pairing, then."  And whatever any of them bring you will go perfectly with whatever you're eating.Once I was there having a cocktail and I decided to have an appetizer afterwards, and I said to the bartender (I think it was Reuben), "Is there a drink that would go well with beef carpaccio?"  And he said, with utmost tact, something along the lines of, "You could have anything, really.  The best thing for carpaccio, though, would be pinot noir."  Well, pinot noir is not my favorite wine, but I said sure, and I was so glad I did.Don't feel like you have to commit to a whole dinner here.  But do try a cocktail.
2	Very disappointing meal there last weekend. Had a group of six and service was painfully slow...over 3 hours for 4 courses.  Service very poor for a James Beard winner...in fact, of the 30+ Beard restaurants I've been to, this was the worst.Examples including pouring our red before our white without asking.  Not mentioning the two bottle max on two occasions...both with initial reservation and a later confirmation.  What floored me is that I confirmed a change in our party and confirmed the corkage policy and the hostess never mentioned the max...I guess it the customer's responsibility to ask such things in their mind.  In addition, we had printed out the wine list and never saw a corkage policy online...if it is there, we couldn't find it.Sturgeon was overcooked shoe leather.  Balance of meal was probably a 3 on a scale of 5.My entire party agreed that they wouldn't return as we had much better service at other Madison restaurants.  Sister restaurant Graze...completely different experience...great service and great food...much quicker and for less money.
3	Overhyped, overrated, and overpriced.I think these three words are pretty accurate when describing L'Etoile. Sure, the food here is great. There's no denying that. But how does it stack up to other fine dining restaurants? The three stars on Yelp equivocates to "A-OK", and that's exactly how I feel about it.I've had the four course meal option at L'Etoile. The first and second course menu items are indeed fancy and I commend the chef for that. But the main entrees are not as original and hence, significantly overpriced. In addition, the portions are smaller than expected. Anything under a four course meal would leave a normal man still hungry and unsatisfied afterwards. I do think that L'Etoile is as good as fine dining gets in Madison, but it definitely isn't worth the $$$$ price tag you'll have to pay.
5	Excellent all around
5	I'm happy to get on board with those who rave about L'Etoile. It was delicious and special. Of all the things you could splurge on, it rates a high return on investment.
5	L'Etoile is one of those places that you go to for special ocassions but find yourself constantly daydreaming about their delicious dishes! I celebrated my 25th birthday here and sampled a few dishes throughout the 4-course meal with delectable mini bites between courses. Absolutely everything I had here was superb. This is my favorite kind of establishment: seasonal, fresh food that speaks for itself, not a lot of fanfare, classy and simple. The menu constantly changes which is always a good sign in any restaurant. I thoroughly enjoyed the chef's approach in the preparation of the ingredients. Each component shines on its own but when combined they are incredible. Technique and execution were flawless and just a pleasure to see in the plate. L'Etoile is advertised as French cuisine and although the menu does have a strong influence of French flavors and techniques I would describe L'Etoile as a modern American restaurant with a French flair. Sounds delicious? Well, it is! Highly recommended.
5	Most expensive restaurant in Madison, but well worth it for a celebratory meal. Literally can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Steak was as good as advertised. Fancy decor with glass windows.
5	Slightly uppity ambiance, but who cares, the food is so good. The service was awesome, we had a reservation, and arrived early, so we had a drink at the bar.  I'm not usually a fancy cocktail girl, but these fine tuned hand crafted cocktails aren't a bad thing. The bartender, Aaron, was really nice and seemed quite vested in his drinks. Our waiter was also awesome, he had some good advice, like the ribeye is a bigger portion than the rack of lamb, and even showed a bit of concern over just ordering a raviolo for my entree (I ate two other first courses though, hahaaa).The food was delicious. I don't know if it's this local food thing, or preparations, but how come the ribeye just tastes like heaven? I was surprised to see that they had salt and pepper at the table, we didn't have to use any, everything was seasoned really well.Also, can someone tell me why don't I live closer so I can try the changing raviolos on a regular basis? Anyways, everything was good. Make a reservation and go have a nice night out, it's so worth it.
4	The food is as elegantly presented as the bright naturally-lit space, and despite what you might expect from a room with floor-to-ceiling windows, the daytime ambiance transitions nicely into an equally intimate and romantic evening. There is so much attention to detail here that makes dining at L'Etoile a very special experience, including the special filtered water they serve which has a barely noticeable and very pleasant effervescence to it. My dining companions had great luck with their dishes, but unfortunately my quail was a bit dry and definitely over salted for my tastes. The desserts were beautifully presented, but did not match the sophistication or delicacy of other parts of the meal. For example, the gelato we ordered was swimming in a sticky sweet fudge sauce and the three of us were unable to finish it. I would not recommend coming here for dessert. Definitely take advantage of the suggested wine pairings if you plan on having any wine with your food - they know what they're doing here. Overall, I had a great experience and I am glad I tried this place.
4	Good quality food ...
5	The mid-course squash flowers were spectacular. But the cheddar beignet entree was one of the best meals I've ever had. My husband and I loved the view of the capitol, and our server was very attentive without being overbearing.  The food and service was definitely worth the price.
5	Everything was excellent- the location and view of the capitol, the waitstaff and especially the food. It deserves it's reputation as the best restaurant in Madison. This is my place for special occasions.
4	Probably the priciest restaurant in Madison, and not quite worth the price tag.  While the food can only be described as delicious, there is not a single menu item that stands out to me.  If you need a fancy place to eat that is consistently good, this would be a good place to go.  It's not worth a special trip just to check out though.
5	Was brought here for a work dinner. The food was great and the place is stunning.First of all, I loved the floor to ceiling windows facing the Capitol. They make for quite an impressive view and the modern decor of the restaurant takes maximum advantage of it.The food was great. Every bite was delicious and we had some glorious wine to go with it. I particularly remember a delicious pork belly main course. Perfectly balanced and not heavy at all despite being basically made of pork fat.Was also nice that the menus were personalized with the name of our party. A little touch, but a nice one.Recommended for special occasions!
4	The food is the star, but the drinks are great supporting cast. In short, Ruben and Michael are the best beverage show team in town. Want a cocktail paired? Ruben has you. Want a wine paired? Michael will have selected a recommendation. Want a beer paired? Yep, they have that. They even have mocktail ideas for non-drinking friends. Hits: Food, beverage, and service. (AKA what any restaurant should excel at.)Misses: Early kitchen closing time -- but I get it -- slow food is meant to be enjoyed earlier in the night and a later closing time would basically keep the back of the house at work until dawn. Hints: Wine paired nights can seem pricey, but they are well worth it. Also, a first and main course are more than enough food. I frequently share a second, if I don't skip it in general. In sum, go at least once a year, if not monthly (or in my dreams weekly).
5	By far, the best and most amazing dinner I have had in Madison. I took my fiancee here for our 5 year anniversary/"she said 'yes'" dinner and we were blown away. From the custom Manhattans we drank, to the wine pairings we had with the exquisite selections from a superb menu....this is such an amazing restaurant. Don't treat this place like a so-so night or subpar special occasion. This is for restaurant and it's offerings is for "THAT" occasion that requires an exclamation point at the end of "Will you marry me?!" or "I got a new job with a 50% raise above the current salary!" type of gravitas. If you go here and have anything less than the most amazing meal, service, experience, I don't know what to tell you except you, except maybe move to Monaco
5	Spectacular.My parents offered to take me anywhere for graduation, and the decision was a no-brainer--the final "fancy" place in Madison I had left to visit...L'Etoile. For graduation weekend, it was a prix fixe dinner, 4 courses with multiple options.To reiterate: Spectacular.The "welcome dish" was asparagus with whipped cottage cheese, ppepitas and pumpkin seed oil. Absolutely delicious, with gorgeous presentation--the cottage cheese was whipped and had a light, delicious airy quality. Superb.We all ordered different dishes from each course, and it just seemed to get better and better. The seared pork belly with kimchee, crispy shallots and pork belly? To die for. Beef tenderloin carpaccio? Delicious. Sunchoke and bacon soup? Sublime.Oh, and that was just the second course. Really.I could go on and on about each course--you know, the seared sea scallops, NY strip steak, or even the halibut over polenta with escargot...but I guess it'd get pretty repetitious, huh?I could talk about how good dessert was--the almond bar with chocolate ganache or lavender shortbread with Italian meringue--but it's still not going to change my one-word summary of L'Etoile:Spectacular.
5	Good food and good atmosphere. Can't beat the view of the Capitol building out the huge fort windows.
5	This was our only evening in Madison, so we wanted to go to the BEST Restaurant and we heard that L'Etoile was the place to go.....and we are so thrilled that our first and only evening in Madison was spent at this amazing restaurant. L'Etoile should be a Michelin Star in my opinion!! Service was impeccable. Food was divine. We had the House Charcuterie first which was unbelievable, I highly recommend starting with this. The wine pairing was so generous each course, the Sommelier paired each wine so perfectly with every dish and it was fun having to taste a variety of wine. The place is beautiful right in the heart of the Capitol Square. The Building is architecturally a work of art, all made of glass. Our table was perfectly situated, great view of the square. Our server, Kenzie was quite pleasant. She made our evening extra special. We hope to be back in Madison very soon. One evening here is surely not enough.
4	Delicious branzino (which isn't easy to find in Madison). And they know what they're doing as far as service goes. Would definitely recommend for special occasions. Not sure it's worth the cost though. The food wasn't that much more impressive than Graze next door.
4	I went to L'Etoile with my parents and girlfriend. They were relatively busy, but we still received adequate attention from the server. Everything is locally sourced. The sungold tomatoes associated with the summer squash risotto were the stars of the dish - luckily the server was able to provide the name of the local farm that sells these on the square for the farmer's market (not naming the farm as my parents wants these sungold tomatoes). My girlfriend had the Roasted Branzino despite her worries of it being too heavy.  The Branzino was cooked perfectly and not overly heavy for a hot summer day.  As it was a hot day, I went with the Braised Monkfish.  The dish was excellent but it was unsuspectingly heavy. In general the portions were huge for a French restaurant and the prices were not too bad (especially since we had been in NYC for dinners recently). However, L'Etoile did not measure up to the best of NYC restaurants that we have frequented.  Nonetheless, this was probably the best meal I have ever had in Madison (sorry Mom).
1	I am sad to say that I also had a very disappointing experience at L'Etoile. My mother and I were so excited to have dinner there based on the reputation of the original owner and the original location. While the new location is very modern and upscale with high ceilings and a beautiful view of the capital, the quality of service and the food were far inferior to the the hype. We first went to the bar where the bartender was aloof and seemed perturbed that we were there. Not one ounce of friendliness came from him. The drinks were fine, but you can get good drinks almost anywhere. When we were ushered to the table the hostess was as bland as milk toast. Our waiter was apparently doing his best to emulate the rumored rudeness of waiters in France. I've been to France, waiters there are not nearly as rude as this fellow. He rarely looked at us at all, instead rotating his head as he gazed out the windows reciting whatever he was reciting, on and on, never even checking in to see if we were interested. When I tried to interject a question he talked over the top of  me, ignoring me completely. If it weren't so abhorrently rude it would have been laughable.I found the menu dull with few interesting items to choose from, but we were hopeful that we would be pleasantly surprised. The prices are very high so one would expect the meal to be amazing. When the meal arrived, both dishes were boring and practically tasteless. For the exorbitant prices they charge, the food should have been delicious, memorable and worth it. In the 25 years I was in the restaurant business I learned that going out to dinner is an event and the establishment you choose to visit should treat everyone as if they are coming into their home. No one wants to be looked down on and treated with disregard when they have taken the time and effort to visit your restaurant and spend their money. I do not understand the trend toward snobbery at any restaurant; it is simply bad business sense.In my opinion, the worst thing for a restaurant is for even one of it's patrons to leave forgetting the meal and unable to forget the poor service. Unfortunately, this was case for our experience at L'Etoile. The ambiance of the room is nice, but the scowl faced and downright rude staff combined with the flavorless food and exorbitant prices makes this a definite pass. I can recommend walking a block away to Harvest where I have had fantastic food and professional, friendly waiters who deliver simply wonderful food for a fair price.
5	Being from New Orleans and a veteran in the military I would like to think that I know and love food more than most. With that being said this is one of my favorite restaurants in the U.S. The staff is extremely nice and helpful, I highly recommend taking the advice and pair all foods. Their wine selection is above the rest and to top it off I had my first 30 year old cheddar there finely paired with a French champagne. I highly recommend this place and will return here at the next chance I get!
4	Actually meant to go to the restaurant next door, but glad I turned left vs. right.  The service was fantastic (sat at the bar) and all the important details were attended to.  Had a glass of amazing zin.  The bartender was full of stories re the sourcing of the food (including his role in the development of the lettuce source they use).  The corn chowder was amazing. (Ah-may-zing).
5	Went for my partner's birthday:-fantastic wine pairings-mention a birthday or special occasion when making a reservation-fantastic serviceI have also enjoyed apps & drinks at the bar; great place to start a night out.
5	This place has been wonderful to return to time and again.  The menu changes with the available local produce.  The wine pairings are spot on, and the service is extremely attentive!  This is how a restaurant should be run!
5	My wife and I had our wedding reception at L'Etoile.We had 150 guests.The food was incredible, fresh, delicious, beautiful, Impressive. We have lived in NYC for about 9 years and have had some great meals.  L'Etoile is now at the top of our list.  We are so fortunate to have had that experience on our wedding night.SaladCorn ChowderSteak/Halibut/LasangaWedding cake....made by their own pastry chef, best cake we ever had.French pressed coffeeDelicious wine and drinksAccommodated every request we had.Everything blew us away, as well as our guests. The staff was so great, quick, polite, knowledgeable, helpful, hardworking and calm.The bartenders were unbelievable, at one point 6 of them.The venue is so beautiful.The planning process was so easy.  I can't give L'Etoile and its staff enough praise.  It was a night that we and our guests will never forget.  We thank them for providing such an incredible experience.
4	I came here for dinner. Great ambience but the food is okay for the price$$$$. I had the grass fed ribeye and it was a bit tough. Come here only if you're ready to spend $$$$.
5	Fabulous experience.  Obviously very expensive, but worth every penny.  It's an entire 3 hour dining experience.
4	Seems slightly over-priced but nice location, nice view, perfect food.
5	This place is the incarnation of the Platonic form of the Fine Dining Restaurant. As a big-city restaurant snob, I came to this place (at their old location) about seven years ago, expecting to be polite with my local friends. I was amazed, and my amazement has only grown over the years even as they moved to the new location. Where to begin? With the FOOD, of course, which starts with mostly locally sourced ingredients of the highest quality (MIchael Pollan loves this place too). The chef is a genius. I can still remember dishes from past years with tears in my eye (agnolotti with lamb balls, I love you! -- but I haven't forgotten you, Mr. Pheasant, or you, Bison steak!). The sommelier has a real knack for selecting superb wines through their supplier that sell for reasonable menu prices; if you are willing to spend $50-$100 on a bottle of wine you will not be disappointed. They are also really good at pairing wines, and you can do that more economically and for an even better dining experience. The wine list is so good, by the way, that I take it with me to wine stores as a guide. The service is impeccable; it is all done wonderfully and without fanfare. Finally, the atmosphere of the new place is excellent. There is a gorgeous view of the capitol and the square and the interior has the feel of a classy restaurant in New York but you're right there in Wisconsin, eating Wisconsin products from farmers who can be seen visiting the restaurant on their anniversaries. Remy would be proud!
2	AVERAGE.  NOT WORTH IT.  A NOTCH ABOVE OLIVE GARDEN!Maybe its' cause I'm from Chicago, but I have better restaurants blocks from my house - at half the price.  I do not care about spending money - if the food is great, but this was . . below great?    C'mon, Madison, I know you've got more than this?Are you Yelpers cuckoo???starter, dried out, mini-biscuit tasted just like a Goldfish cracker (not in a good way)amuse bouche - parsnip soup - good little combo of subtle flavors$15 first course - Korean stew - AWFUL! I kept asking her what was in the broth bc it tasted like a salty, oily, can of condensed soup. She said, "Korean hot sauce, soy sauce, fish sauce, and sesame oil.  One - these are all things I can put together at home, but Two, I SHOULD NOT just mix together and call it a broth.  No depth of flavor whatsoever. $44 Red Snapper- tasty, but very basic.  I cook make this myself.  Greens were way too salty and came with oily potatoes $56 Rib Eye - LOTS OF FAT. Again, decent flavor on the steak, but nothing that anyone can't do at home.  Came with spinach, which tasted like . . spinach.They served bread and butter, which tasted like . . uh bread and butter.$10 chocolate cake was decent, but the little tray of sweets they brought at the end, just made them look worse.  Popcorn, truffles, and something else.  Truffles were disgustingly sweet (Fannie May is better and I hate Fannie May) and popcorn? Please! overly sweet and just gross. I hate to write this, but I felt gypped!  Server was nice, but disappeared for an hour and I had to flag some other lady down to get a dessert menu.  Timing was long between some of the courses as well. Never againWhy did this guy get an award?  Did they eat at this place first?  Do not understand.
5	Amazing food.Service was excellent as well.I suppose when you pay these sort of prices you would better expect great good followed by great service.
3	Earlier this month, I celebrated my birthday in L'Etoile. As a foodie and local food supporter, I have heard so many good words about this place. I have been wanting to try it out during my 5 years in Madison. We finally made the move this year. I came out the restaurant being somewhat disappointed. Don't get me wrong. Everything was fancy. The staff was very professional. The ambiance was really classy. Food was delicate.  I come in with full preparation of the steep price (otherwise I would not wait for 5 years). However, I can hardly justify the experience with the $90 per person bill. It is pretty clear to me that L'Etoile is overpriced. In terms of food, 4 of us got Charcuterie, Pork Belly, and another beets dish for appetizers. They are all good, but without any true highlight. The portion is smallish. After I ate the pork belly, I somewhat really missed the pork belly I had in the A Pig in the Fur Coat...I had Branzino for entree. The fish itself was pretty delicious, but standard. The vegetables on the side has a slight hint of brunt smell that I found pretty odd. My brother and his girlfriend had lamb rack and scallop. Very average dish that you can get in an upscale restaurant. The biggest trouble of the night came with the steak for my wife. Since she is pregnant, she could not take raw meat. Therefore she asked the steak to be medium-well, but the steak came on the table being medium-rare. She had to ask the kitchen to re-do her plate. I guess such thing always happens but I was not expecting in L'Etoile. For dessert, we shared a Creme Boulee. It was, again, very average and with too much cream on the top. I could not find a memorable dish from the dinner. The food was delicious, but it failed to surprise me. When I pay close to a hundred dollar per person for a dinner, I really hope to see something more exciting. Nor do I understand the numerous 5-star reviews for this restaurant. Maybe this is something not meant to be enjoyed by poor students. Overall, classy, delicate, but somehow empty and overpriced. Thus a 3 stars.
4	I've been to L'Etoile three times and they were all very good. Once I ordered the "Sea Scallop" appetizer for $12. When L'Etoile says sea scallop they mean ONE SCALLOP. So how good does one sea scallop have to be, to be worth two hours of minimum-wage labor? It has to be pretty good, and it was. I was skeptical until I tasted it and it was amazing.One star fewer than perfect because I have to save up for a year before I can afford one meal there.Special thanks to excellent waiter Frank.
5	My husband got me a gift certificate for Christmas because I wanted to try a French Restaurant, though I found out it is now fine dining with French influence (so you know).  I was completely impressed by the food, the venue and the service--someone put my coat on for me. We felt very-well take care of. There was a teensy issue with the service, but when I called to discuss it with a manager (I wanted to be thorough) an OWNER called me back and the way he handled it was as classy as the meal.The real exquisiteness of this place is the way it has a passion for LOCAL and artisan drinks and food. I had never before tasted $25 dollar champagne, but let me tell you, it is worth every red cent.  I went all out and got the steak, and the blue cheese butter business on the top was what I want to be buried in.L'Etoile is superb, plan on spending $, look at the drink menu to make sure you understand what you are getting, and make sure the waiter is telling you everything about your meal, because they certainly have put a lot into creating a special place in Madison.We will be back!
5	Amazing food, service and drinks. For an award winning chef, the prices are not outrageous. For Wisconsin people will think it's expensive but it's so worth it!! The menu changes constantly but my dad loved the lamb. My friend and I got halibut and rock fish, both outrageously delicious.
4	First; a few gripes.  The atmosphere is completely incongruous with the food.  I think if they would bother trying to add some ambiance, the overall experience would improve.  Now, this is nitpicking, but when I go to a restaurant for a fine dining experience wearing a black dress, shame on you for giving me a white linen.  Which brings me to another point:  the overall dress code in the place was casual.  I don't know what has happened in this country, but fine dining shouldn't be so casual.Anyways. The food was great, as were the cocktails (although table side pouring is funny).   What I found interesting was that the entrees, while delicious, did not compare in creativity of the amuse-bouche or dessert.  Presentation was beautiful, meat and fish were both cooked perfectly, and flavors married together very well.  Overall, a very good meal.
5	My last few experiences were not what I had hoped, but the new tasting menu is excellent and everything I've always wanted from L'Etoile.
4	I was here with my friends on an evening and the ambiance was wonderful mainly the outdoor sitting . The food was good but the quantity was not sufficient. The beer was good with lots of options.The service was tremendous
5	Amazing 7 course tasting meal but pretty expensive.  $125 fixed price so with 5 was quite pricey.  However food was amazing and staff were top notch!  Will go back!!
5	This chief has really shown his colors. A perfectly prepared Rabbit pate and Red Snapper with an Asian flair to rival many Manhattan chiefs. Thanks for the experience.
5	Not just good food and good service.... Very good food and very good service! L'Etoile consistently kicks out creative dishes whose flavors are both complex and complimentary. They constantly change their menu to feature seasonal specials guaranteeing you can visit at least four times a year and be pleasantly surprised. In my opinion this is one of the top five restaurants in Madison
3	I recently had the opportunity to give the new prix fixe menu a try.  My husband and I went on a Monday, and had the seven course menu with wine pairings.  Both the food and the wine were truly sublime.  It was so much better than past meals that I've had at L'Etoile, which I always found to be good but boring and safe.  If this is what the kitchen can do with a more focused menu, then the change is definitely for the better.  If this review were just about the food, it would be five stars all the way.  But I think it's important to also discuss the dining experience, which really fell short, hence my three star review.  First of all, the space feels like a hotel lobby.  I guess it's a reflection of L'Etoile's old menu - boring and safe.  It's perfectly nice, but it's bland and lacks character.  Second were the other diners and the servers.  I've always known that L'Etoile is a special occasion restaurant.  At $500/meal for two, which is what our total bill was with tax and tip, the average Madison diner can't afford to eat at L'Etoile more than once or twice a year.  So I shouldn't have been surprised that the other diners there the night we were were mostly special occasion diners.  However, what did surprise me was the total lack of dining sophistication.  These diners were clearly not true foodies, and it was clear that this night out was their one big fancy meal of the year.  If that had been all, then good for them.  But the problem was that the servers seemed to dumb down the food and wine descriptions for the entire restaurant to the lowest common denominator.  It felt like amateur hour to me. I'm also not sure if L'Etoile will be able to sustain the new menu concept.  As you would expect, we were there for about two hours because it takes time to get through seven courses.  When we ordered the seven courses with pairings, our server seemed pleasantly surprised.  That struck me as odd, but over the course of our meal it became clear that we were the only table that did go for the full tasting menu.  Not only that, but two tables of diners came in, were seated, looked at the menu, and then left without ordering.  So again, I was disappointed in L'Etoile.  I know that there are diners in Madison who can appreciate the concept because I eat with them at Forequarter and Papavero, and mingle with them at SloPig.  But for some reason, L'Etoile isn't getting them in the door.  Maybe they need to reexamine their brand.  In the meantime, if I want a Tory Miller dining experience, I'll be at Graze where the food is also great, and the dining experience is better.
5	Enjoyed a fantastic dinner last Friday night. This is a must visit any time we get to Madison
3	The James Beard Award judges must have eaten here when there was a very different menu in place. We had trouble deciding what to order because very little appealed. There is a strange lack of cohesion or flavor story to the menu.....The Asian style dishes were better tasting than other choices on menu, but didn't "go" with other dishes.....Our amuse bouche was a teeny little cracker thingy that tasted EXACTLY like a cheezit. Sheesh. 1 of the 4 dishes we ordered was delicious. Two others were "meh" alright. The fourth so bland and dull it was't worth the effort to eat. It was expensive and we left feeling disappointed that the "best chef in the midwest" put out such an inconsistent meal.
3	The service is what you would expect at a place like this. However, the prixe fix menu was uninspired and boring. The food was made with fresh ingredients, but the tastes were boring. I wouldn't choose this place for a special event, but if you felt like eating something other than bar food, it's an ok place.
4	L'Etoile is elegant and sophisticated without being overtly pretentious. Waitstaff is well-versed on the menu, even though it changes frequently. The view of the Capitol is beautiful, and I love the natural lighting and floor-to-ceiling windows. Considering Tory Miller is an award-winning chef, the prices are not outrageous. My only wish is that the portions were slightly larger, but alas, this is fine dining.
4	This restaurant is irreplaceable for me. I simply love it. There is no better place to go to treat yourself and a loved one (great for dates) after a long week.I am always blown away by the unique tastes, textures and gorgeous plating that L'Etoile has to offer. Also, anyone who walks in is treated like royalty (even if you showed up without your formal attire) I was totally taken by the experienced and professional wait staff and their wine connoisseur is just a pleasure to talk to. I would have given this 5+ starts, but I cannot lie, I just don't have the money to go to this restaurant as much as I'd like. It is not for the faint of heart or the sparse of pockets. I try to make it here for dinner at least once a year. But oh how I wish i could eat here more often. I always have a lovely time at L'Etoile and I'm very much looking forward to my next visit
5	We started our evening with custom printed menus with our names on them commemorating our anniversary that we were celebrating. Our server Joe was phenomenal. Detailed knowledge of the 3 and 7 course meals offered for the evening. I have a gluten allergy that we alerted them to prior to arrival and all of the options were thoughtful customized to suit my needs. I had the 3 course meal with wine pairing that was perfectly matched  for each serving. We were seated next to the windows overlooking the Capitol. Perfect evening!
3	Last year I gave it 5 stars, this year, 3.  The chef has just gotten lazy - they have gone from a full menu full of fabulous choices to 2 set menus - a 3 Course at $65 (granted, selections within this, but nothing enticed at all...) and a 7 course, all if which sounded delicious, for $125.  Since we are not allowed foie gras in California, I'm on a mission on my yearly visit to Wisconsin...  The usual plan is to sit at the bar and let the excellent and knowledgeable bartenders guide us through wine, drinks and food for dinner 2 nights in a row at L'Etoile, as their fish selections were varied and always wonderful.  Usually only one incredible foie gras starter, but the helpful Bartenders would have a word and the chef would create something new, different and exciting for our return the next night to accompany one of the other fish dishes we were dying to try...  That is no longer possible with this set menu.  I'm normally all for Prix fix, IF you have a choice of that or the usual menu.  2 Set Menus only?  Not happy, and neither are some of the other regulars we met last night.  So, onto the menu which granted, we shared, but still incredibly puny portions.  Montauk Grilled Scallops - was one of the teensiest scallop singular I have ever seen sliced into 4 slivers.  Had to put on reading glasses to find its accompaniments and impossible to experience all together.  Foie gras 2 ways and all to myself as husband knows better... - one teensy pear "cracker" with buttery heaven on it - would have killed for a bowl of this, a 1" seared piece in a duck reduction that was very interesting in a good way... Would have killed for more than 3 little bites of this too.  I was able to accompany with a lovely glass of Sauternes, but the foie was gone well before the wine.  Lobster was small but yummy.  Lamb "Rack" - ha... Not memorable.  Eye of Rib - again, meh.  Hooks 12 year cheddar with apple - I missed the usual calcium lactate crystals I love to find in the Hooks 12 year, so this was a letdown.  Pumpkin cheesecake was a hit.  Small, but yummy.  Scott,  the bartender, is amazing and would love to have him guide me through wine and drink menus always.  Sad as I loved this place, our yearly 2 nights in a row food feast "pilgrimage," but we're looking elsewhere for tonight.  Highly recommend sitting at the bar though, totally different experience than the tables and you meet amazing people who know their food.  Met the Pleasant Ridge cheese maker last night, one of my favs.  So, after a $125 7 course menu which granted, we split, hit the Tornado and split a $9 beef tenderloin sandwich, which was incredibly satisfying.  Last night reminded me of our dinner at El Bulli, when my husband had to stop for an Iberico and cheese sandwich after 37 courses!  We really aren't that big of eaters, usually split a starter and an entree, but another amusing end to a food feast evening ;-)  L'Etoile, please go back to giving us choices!
4	Finally had a chance to dine a L'Etoile, as an avid Tory Miller fan I was excited to dine at his first restaurant endeavor.  Admittedly I had built up the restaurant in my mind which was slightly unfair.The biggest disappointment was the interior of the restaurant, as another reviewer wrote it does indeed fee like a hotel lobby.  Nothing special here...other than the view of the Capital which you can get next door at Graze with much cooler interiors.Service was good, not outstanding and not bad, just good, but our group was 120+ people so that in itself is a challenge.The food was again great, but not outstanding as I would expect from a James Beard award-winner.  My salad was a mix of some spring greens in a light vinaigrette with some halved cherry tomatoes and grated parm (much like a house salad).  The butternut squash soup was pureed beautifully smooth but the squicky apples on top lacked the crunch I bet was intended.  My halibut entree lacked flavor and came out slightly mushy....which I've never had with halibut before.  It was served or some bitter wilted swiss chard, most of which was left on my plate.  Overall, I am in no hurry whatsoever to go back to L'Etoile but rather will take a right turn in the lobby and head to Graze!  Not a total bust but it's hard to justify the cost when there is a fantastic Tory Miller joint across the lobby!
5	An amazing dining experience! Our server Frank bestowed upon us not only the finest combinations of locally grown foods transformed into savory dishes, but an education in the community's farming techniques and fresh local ingredients. I had the ribeye Oscar (with king crab and bernaise - yum!!) paired with a sweet creamy corn chowder over grilled scallops. my husband had tempura battered squash blossoms with an array of fresh vegetables and just the right amount of spice, along with a crisp, tender pheasant served with creamy potatoes and sweet corn. All seasonal, all local and incredibly fresh!Then desert. We had apricot dumpling with fresh quark, sweet corn ice cream and apricot chutney; and chocolate cake with red currant sorbet - delightful!Each course was paired with a nice glass of wine, champagne or port - selected and presented by the in-house sommelier- and topped off with a shot of brandy. It'll set you back a few bills but for any foodie who enjoys a 3-4 hour meal, l'etoile  in Madison is a phenomenal experience!
5	Loved it!  Worth the money!
5	nice food and waiters are even nicer than the food! Great place for special occasion, dating, birthday etc. outside the windows you can see the capital hill. Anyway, excellent night in Madison because of this restaurant.
4	Top-notch food and service! Truly a Madison, WI  gem!!! :
