5	I was referred here by Roubi K. many years ago and have been taking my families dry cleaning here ever since. It's a small family owned business and the family that runs it is extremely nice and helpful.They have always been great at taking care of our dry cleaning and alternations, helping me get some extra time out of many pairs of pants that mysteriously developed ummm manufacturing flaws :)They are super fast and their prices are amazing!   The next time your looking for a good dry cleaner at a great price, give them a try!
1	Do not go to this cleaner if you expect the service they promise you on the phone!  They almost ruined my wedding due to their incompetence!    For our wedding my husband and I flew to Las Vegas.  I needed to get my wedding dress pressed (not cleaned, just pressed) and I called Master Cleaners the week before we were to leave.  I explained that we would be flying into Vegas on a Friday and I needed the dress pressed no later than 10am the next morning.  I gave them the dates we would need their services, which happened to be good Friday and that Sat., and they said no problem.  They promised they would be able to get the dressed pressed and ready by 5pm that same day.  We flew in and headed straight to Master Cleaners.  Once there we were told that their pressers were not available due to the holiday and would not be back til Monday.  Obviously Monday was not going to work for me since our wedding was the next day.  They absolutely refused to help us even though they had promised to do so just a week early.  Well after running around to two other cleaners that were also not accepting business for the holiday and running up a very high taxi meter we decided to go back to the hotel and try to press the dress ourselves.  Thankfully my husband to-be knew how to use an iron (I thought they were decorative doorstops).  We managed to press the dress fairly well.  Moral of the story: watch out for any promises Master Cleaners' gives you!
5	We were travelling to Vegas for a few days and needed some dry cleaning and laundry done pronto.  They were able to have everything done within 24hrs and cleaned and pressed/folded.  Like other reviewer have mentioned its a family business (his wife actually folds our clothes) and they were extremely nice and up front with everything. Not to mention meticulous as well.  The prices were so cheap compare to the laundry service where we stayed on the strip.Give these guys a try if you're looking for a good and reliable dry cleaner and laundry service.We're coming back to get more laundry done before we leave Vegas.Two thumbs up!!
5	In these economic times, price is an important factor. However, I think service is still what separates a good review from a bad one. Master Cleaners was there for me when I needed them.I flew into Las Vegas a day before my trade show and needed to get my clothes cleaned as I came in from another trade show. I spoke with the owner and even though I was 2 hours past his same day cut off (9am), he accepted my clothes and had them cleaned and pressed for me by 4pm the same day. Now that's service!I highly recommend this place if you ever need same day service. They are just off of Jones and Sahara. A quick 10 min drive from the strip.
5	. I use to take my dry cleaning to a high-end cleaner because I was tired of having my shirts and suits returned in an unacceptable condition (broken buttons, scorched material, misaligned seams and lapels).  Unfortunately they closed, and I went through several cleaners who I was unsatisfied with.  I finally tried Master Cleaners and we've been using them weekly for the past five years and I've never had one issue.  Their prices a very reasonable, but the quality of service is the only reason I use them.  Recently my wife took an old suede jacket with fringe and Indian bone beads and they did such a good job, we took three other leather jackets.  All of them came out beautifully.  The owner really puts pride in his work and it shows.  I highly recommend Master Cleaners.
5	After having several of the most popular cleaners (two - on west Sahara near Buffalo & Cimarron) lose belts for tops and horribly stain my husband's dress shirts - making black stains on the collars and what looked like oil spots all over them, seeing the reviews here, I took them to Master Cleaners. (Not a short trip - I live in the Northwest now waaaaay up the 95!) They were able to not only clean the clothes beautifully, but got ALL the stains and rings the other cleaners made and wouldn't get out!! The shirts look brand new now! Add to that the wonderful service this old world family brings - so sweet, kind, and so willing to accommodate...a lost art in business today!! I am willing to drive 30 minutes (with good traffic!) one way to have them clean my clothes. I KNOW they won't ruin them, and I'll get them back looking almost as good as the day I bought them. Please people - give this company your business! They need to it stay in business. Competing against a world of corporate comglomomarts, they are struggling. To find a gem like them with not only GREAT workmanship, but incredible customer service, AND a FAMILY business - we NEED to support them!!!
5	I love this place. The owner and his wife are the nicest people.Been going here for almost 2 years now.Live across town now and I still drive almost 20 minutes to see them. They apply a lot of personal care and attention to their finished product. I tried some places closer to my home and the suits and shirts just didn't turn out quite right.This is a genuine American business right here ran by genuine people that remember your name every time you come and go.
5	I came to pick up a friends suit... And my friend did not tell me that they only accept cash... I was prepared to call my wife to bring me cash... But then he told me i can take it..free of charge... His reason??? Its because i walked in with a smile on my face... I was shocked because its been a while since a person did that to me... So what i did was hurry back home.. Grabbed some cash and went back to his place and gave him what i owed... He is one of the best guys on earth and we need more peope like him...faith in humanity restored!!!
5	Great quality customer service! The gentleman who attended to me was very nice and entertaining when I handed my laundry for dry cleaning. I badly needed my suit the next day but unfortunately I was running late to pick it up so I asked my roommate a favor. He didn't know that it was cash only but the guy gave my clothes with no charge! My roommate was surprised with his kindness so he went back and gave what I owe for the cleaning service. The master cleaner was such a nice person! I hope his life and business will flourish. Good karma :)
