4	We took the Sausage and Capicollo making class at the Mezzaluna cooking school up in little Italy. The school is located in a small apartment, when we first approached the address, we had to double check it, it just doesn't look like a school is in there, it looks like someone's apartment. After double checking we rang and sure enough, we were at the right spot.The kitchen is rather small, it's an apartment sized kitchen that has been converted to house many top of the line appliances. There are tables, lined up facing the kitchen for students to sit and observe the processes. This was only a little disappointing to me, as I got to be one of only three students who actually got to have hands-on experience with sausage making. That said, I think the class was very informative and I did learn a lot about, not only the process, but sources for the meat and what equipment was needed to make many of the different sausage recipes given to us successfully.After the class, a meal is prepared and you get to eat the sausages along with some lovely Italian bread, a few antipasti and a side of ratatouille. Overall, we had a nice evening and plan to make our first batch of sausages in the coming days!
5	took me a while to find the place thinking it was inside the store but its actually next door at one of the apartments door which you would never know if you don't look at the address.i was here for a pizza workshop during little italy latest pizza week where stefano and elena (do not call them mister or madam, they hated it) shared their knowledge and classic grandma dough recipe. pretty interesting interactive workshop to say the least. you were allowed to ask about anything which made it fun. as for their knowledge/tips/ingredient used, they will tell you if they've never used such or such (like flour for example) which made them totally approachable and human. they didn't say "you have to use this or that and that's how you do it" instead, it was do it according to your taste but learn the basic beforehand. they did plug milano and mom's shop a lot but you know, all in good fun.of course, we got to taste the pizzas that were made alongside a couple glasses of wine to wash it all down. really tasty with really good crust.the dynamic between mom and son was something to see and with mom not mastering the french language, it made for some really funny moments.the classes seem to be worth it as i learned a lot in an hour, i'd imagine in a 3 hour class, you'd learn a lot more and you get to taste food afterwards. kind of a win-win here
