1	Why do I keep going back to this place hoping that it will turn into something that it will never be? I can't tell you how many times I have wondered in here only to find that these clothes are worse than what one can find at Goodwill for 10x the price. Vintage things do not mean anything that was pulled out of a corner from 10 years ago. To the above reviewer, I can't believe you are OK with paying 10$ for a used Forever 21 blouse that probably retailed at 14$. Simply ridiculous prices for junk..don't even waste your time coming here there is a Goodwill up the street that has far better prices and items.
4	I love Re Threads! To the previous reviewers, you are blind... I'm convinced of it. This place is just busting at the seams with designer duds! (BCBG, True Religion, Burberry, Marc by Marc Jacobs, Coach) Honestly, I didn't want to write a review at all... more designer for me! But I just can't stand by and watch you people wander around like misguided miscreants now can I?
2	I really, really wanted to get something from this place.  It was cheery and clean, and helpfully sorted out everything by size and color.  But I could NOT justify some of the price tags.  I mean, I usually do most of my secondhand shopping at Buffalo Exchange and Crossroads, so I know what the upcharge for these stores should be.  The shirt I ended up falling in love with was a Cynthia Steffe for $28, and at the end of the day I just couldn't do it.Do you and your wallet a favor and go to the Goodwill down the street.  Same selection, quarter of the price.
5	Re Threads is well-organized, clean, and chockful of bargains both designer and regular. Sure, some of the stuff may be a bit pricier than Goodwill, but I dig the philosophy behind Re Threads-- the clothes are not donated to them, nor are they sold on consignment, per se; rather, they pay people in either store credit or cash up front.  I've never sold stuff to them, but I have friends who have, and that's worth a small premium to me.    I've found Camper shoes with the tags still on them for $19 (retail value: $170 via Piperlime), an Anthropologie dress for $17, and Born knee high boots for $16, among many other deals.   I think perhaps its prime real estate leads to it being more "picked over" than St. Vinnie's or Goodwill, but in general the selection rotates frequently enough for me. Finally, I wanted to comment on their staff.  On a recent trip into the store, I saw one of the cashiers going out of his way to assist a disabled shopper, basically acting as a personal shopper and bringing things over at the customer's request, helping him find what he needed, etc. From what I overheard, he did this completely voluntarily.  At the same time, the other cashier (perhaps a manager on duty?) was politely and respectfully listening to two homeless people pitch what sounded like adspace for Street Pulse (a newspaper that the homeless volunteer to sell on the street-- some of the money goes directly to them).  I've seen similar situations in businesses where these folks have been ignored or dismissed out of hand-- it was quite beautiful to see the opposite take place.  All in all, good vibes and good deals.
5	I can't believe how low the ratings are for this place.  I've shopped there so many times and just love it.However, I guess the reason I love it is for the designer things.  I mean, I got a pair of Silver jeans that were brand spanking new for $29, and I think thats a great deal since they usually cost more than $100.    I got an H&M suitjacket for $9.  The boots there are usually really cheap and amazing.The place doesn't buy anything unless it's in great shape so what do you want?  I got a pair of Dolce & Gabana jeans for $35.  It's wonderful!  Perhaps I like this place more than the usual person because my body type is long and slim and it's hard for me to buy jeans I like without spending a fortune.This place allows me to get the designer stuff that fits me, without breaking my wallet!  I love it.
1	So I went in on a Sunday, pry my fault for not calling first but, they were so busy.  I walked up to the "sell your clothes" counter and  the lady told me they weren't excepting clothes today because they we behind from all the clothes they got yesterday.  Of course I was upset so I may have been a little more bitchy to the lady then I needed to be.  I was just very upset that they had the "sell your clothes here" sign out on the street and then didn't accept mine. They told me to come back tomorrow.  So I just ate my loss and came back the next day.  In my bag of clothes I had 4 brand new pairs of dress pants still with the tags on, turned in my clothes and they said they could not accept them due to the damage, I told them they had never been worn and the tags were still on? When I asked them to point of what was wrong she couldn't even tell me anything... Pry worst store to buy/sell clothes ever.  Better selection at Ragstock.
1	For people buying - this is a decent place. Although a hot or miss, depending on what is in stock and what you are looking for. For people wanting to sell - almost no customer service.1st attempt to sell - sorry we don't take clothes in on Sunday, but any weekday we can take items2nd attempt to sell - Oh sorry we don't take items after 4 pm. It has to be before 4. Of course I did not go on a Sunday!3rd attempt - Went in at 1 pm, on a Thursday (not a Sunday), well before closing. Oh sorry we are done taking clothes for the day, you should come in early. First thing in the morning would be good. So the bizarre part is that these 3 attempts to sell happened in a 10 day span. Perhaps the person who sent me back the first time could have given me all the information on buying items, and said it RIGHT. It would have saved me 3 trips. I'm close to moving and don't have patience for this kind of nonsense and attitude. You really need to get your customer service skills back on track; you have some good selection - if you do change store policies, it would be good if you can update your website, and keep them somewhat consistent. Store policies should not change so much in a 10 day span!!!!!!!
2	Yikes. I remember a couple years back when I was moving, and took in a bag full of clothes...and got a measly $15. And included in that bag-o-clothes was some nice stuff! Like a $200 (barely-used) coat. I was shocked, but took the cash and ran.But today, all I needed was the cheapest t-shirt they had. I forgot my gym shirt and just needed something to get me by. I struggled to find a t-shirt under $9. These are ratty, used t-shirts we are talking about. I found a terrible green shirt for $5 and got the heck out.Oh, and the staff? Terrible. I've worked retail before, so I get it. Retail sucks. But at least fake it. The two young women in there today were rude and looked uncomfortable. For men's clothing, your options are limited. The prices are also too high. There seems to be a great selection of women's clothing, but I reckon the prices are still a bit high.
5	Friendly staff, good selection, good quality, always changing. Ive gotten some great finds - designer jackets and bags. Appreciate that items are free from excessive wear and selection thoughtful.
