5	I am so shocked by the previous review about the bad service! I have been taking my car there forever and Johnny and his whole team have been nothing but top notch. They always treat me like I am #1 and I also really appreciate about them is that they don't ever over charge, they don't push you around and they just tell you how it is and do what they can to help you. I recommend this place, absolutely! I don't feel comfortable taking my vehicle anywhere else. Thanks Oasis, you guys rock!
5	Excellent experience! Will definitely go back and would recommend to anyone!
5	We've been taking our vehicles to Oasis Auto Center for about 3 years now.  Awesome car care, excellent advice, never a rip off.  Johnny and crew do a great job.
5	My check engine light came on so after a diagnostic print-out from Auto Zone (and Checkers) I headed over to Oasis Auto Center.  They were friendly and knowledgeable and didn't try to sell me service that I didn't need.  I spoke with Johnny. :)  Now, I get my oil changes there and will probably return for any major work that's needed.  They're quick, reasonably priced and in my area! See ya there.
5	I've been meaning to write this for about a year. Now that I have a few minutes in their waiting room I thought I would leave a quick review.  These guys are great! I've been coming for about a year and a half. I started coming here when I lived in the area, and when I moved to central Phoenix I continued to bring both mine and my girlfriends vehicle here. Not once have they tried to screw me and I'll give them all the business I can because of that.
5	I've been taking my Jeep to Oasis Auto for oil changes and repairs for several years now, and Johnny & crew always do a great job. I trust them because they've never tried to sell me a repair/service that wasn't needed, their prices are very reasonable, and my Jeep is running strong at 165,000 miles and counting!
5	I went to Oasis Auto for a second opinion on for some problems I was having on my car.  Not only was the service as a whole more reasonably priced,  the work was done well and quickly.  Johnny is super nice.  If I hadn't moved all the way up to North Scottsdale i would be bringing my car here whenever I needed service.  Go check them out for yourself. Highly, highly recommended.
4	I have taken my van here for years. Recently, I had a/c and air blower issues. They fixed the air blowers and then realized the a/c needed an expensive part to fix. Johnny said he'd look for a cheaper one and sent me home. I didn't even have to pay for the work done because they felt they hadn't finished the job. They decided it would be most efficient to build the new part from scratch and it saved me half of what it would have cost. Once we didn't like the price of a part and ordered online and had it shipped directly to the shop. They don't mess around trying to up-charge you for every little thing. They surely make more that way due to the extra business they receive.
5	Oasis Auto Center is filled with knowledgeable, honest and courteous associates. I like that fact that I was able to ask questions about my car and not feel like I was being talked down to. The mechanic patiently explained what he discovered and provided my with an accurate and fair estimate of the repairs. When I went to pick up my car, I actually paid less then what I was originally quoted!
5	My neighbour recommended this place to me and I'm happy he did, my wife's Lexus needed a major 100k service. They explained everything that needed to be done and even thing things that did not need to be done right then. They even looked at a door problem with no extra charge! I'll be back with any other automotive service I need. It's great to have a honest shop close by.
5	I have known my car needed an oil change for the past month or so, and I kept putting it  off until one morning my cars dashboard went crazy on me. All my lights and signals kept blinking. I decided to stop at Oasis Auto Center on Guadalupe and Tony, was very helpful. He did a quick test, and I for sure thought he was going to say I needed all kinds of work done and all I could see was $$$$$$$ while he was testing my car. For much of my surprise he said all my car needed was an oil change. He knew I had to go to work that morning, and he said " its safe for you to drive right now, but do change the oil ASAP". I knew then I could trust Oasis Auto Center.  The very next morning I took my car in, Tony greeted me, and remember what my car needed. I was in and out within an hour.   I paid $22.62  for oil/filter change, check tire pressure and fluid levels. :).  Yes I recommend Oasis Auto Center.  Thank you Tony and his team.
5	Called ahead today and got an 8am appt for an oil change. Only took 20 min and they took care of the tire pressure as well as filled my spare. Friendly and knowledgeable. You guys have earned my business. Thanks!
5	It was with great dread that I pulled in and handed my keys over to Tony, having just seen the dreaded 'CHECK ENGINE' light.  Everyone knows ya gotta check those immediate and it can go one  of two ways.  Oasis could have taken me for a ride - literally. I mean I really don't know anything about cars, and that light is pretty damn scary. I was all set to spend some serious cash.  Tony tested. He tightened my gas cap and tested again. HOLY COW!! What?! I don't have to pay a dime?! Seriously?  This is the part where they could have taken me for a ride.  IMPRESSED!!
5	I have been coming to Oasis for 8 year. I never receive anything but exceptional service and recommend them to anyone who will listen. Being a young woman, I'm often intimidated going to auto centers because I a) don't want to be taken advantage of and b) it's easy to do so because I know jack about cars. Never once have they mislead me, lied to me, try to sell me something I don't need, or make me feel dumb and uncomfortable. They tell it how it is and because of that and their incredible service, I will never go anywhere else.
5	I have been taking my car here for years. Employees and owner are friendly and answer all my questions. Prices are good. I have referred them to my friends. They don't try to sell you on things you don't need.
5	went to Oasis for regular oil change, and asked Tony to check u-joints or carrier bearing as I was hearing a clunk upon acceleration, a similar sound to u-joints going bad. Tony went for a ride with me, then got under the truck and checked for bad motor or transmission mounts, and the u-joints - all ok. When doing the oil change the next day, they dropped the rear of the drive shaft to check it - nothing unusual. all done at no charge except the basic oil change. Whatever magic Tony has - the clunk (that he heard + felt too) is gone. we trust this shop with servicing our vehicles, and really appreciate their customer service.
1	I know i'm in the minority, but I had a lousy experience recently when I took my car in for brake work.  When I got it home there was brake fluid leaking out of the left front wheel.  I found that the brake hose was not fully screwed in to the wheel cylinder.  As a result, the threaded metal end of the brake hose had been bent against the hub, and had cracked.  Also, the copper washer was missing.  I pulled the wheel off of the other side, which was ok.  I then got worried about the rear brakes, so I pulled the drums to find that the rear drums were not turned.  Also, they had installed the springs on the rear shoes incorrectly so that they did not contact the brake adjustment mechanism, meaning the brakes would never stay in adjustment. This was not the only problem I had, but was the one that was the most severe, because it could have resulted in an accident.  By the time I discovered the leak I was already burned out from talking with Tony and Anthony and their lousy attitudes that I decided to vent here and maybe help out somebody else.  Be careful with these guys!!!!
1	I felt compelled to write this review because of an apparent lack of technical understanding on the part of "Tony"....and what it would have meant if it had happened to a customer. My Lexus is300 was taken to Oasis Auto Center for a pre-purchase inspection. The inspection noted that the "transmission slipped 3 times on test drive". Tony then verbally to my mom (she was doing me a favor and picking it up) made several remarks about his concern regarding the transmission and was told that it would cost "about $3,000" to replace the transmission. Tony had convinced himself that this was exactly what was happening without any further analysis or inquisition. Concerned,  I had my Lexus taken to the dealer (Right Toyota).  They reported that the transmission was "just fine" and after a further discussion, came to the conclusion that Tony (or whoever test drove it) simply doesn't understand the traction control system on a Lexus.  If you aggressively step on the gas pedal in a turn, the anti-slip feature of the traction control will kick in and reduce power to the power train (and get an accompanying warning orange icon). In fact, if you google this....this is a common complaint of the is300 in a turn. Well known for anyone familiar with the Lexus traction control system. I brushed this off as a mechanic who simply had a lack of technical knowledge. However, I thought about this further and realized.......if this had happened to a customer (aka: You) who didn't get a second opinion, you'd be paying for replacing a perfectly good transmission......costing perhaps $3,000.   Furthermore, the K&N filter was noted as being dirty and the inspection noted that it needed to be "cleaned or replaced".  Why in the world would an experienced mechanic suggest a permanent K&N filter less than 2 yrs old and costing $75 suggest that it be "replaced"?--as a pilot who interacts with mechanics all day long and is responsible for a coherent and comprehensive technical understanding as to how systems operate (and to recognize and identify a mechanical failure or impending failure), I can assure you that this experience would be enough to keep me from ever getting my cars serviced here. And, anyone who would like a copy of the invoice/statement from Oasis as well as that from Right Toyota for comparison is free to email me.  Also.....what is interesting to note is that a review of 8/14/210 references a negative review....yet no negative reviews are listed. Makes me wonder what kind of censorship is going on.....****Update 3/18******   Sold my car for my asking price, and it passed my buyer's pre-purchase inspection (by another mechanic) with flying colors.
5	What a beautiful experience I had at Oasis I went there Wednesday because my A.C would get cold then turned hot so you know we don't need a hot car with triple degree temperatures so my co-worker Msg.Judi Paris recommended that I take it in and talk with Tony and he checked my A.C for free and about an hour later he called and told me what he discovered so I told him to take care of it for me so he did and I'm very satisfied with the work and most of all the price and professional services him and his team gave me. Thanks Tony. ### FEELING REAL KOOL.
4	I had a flat tire replaced - 1st time I've used Oasis. Spoke to Tony on the phone prior to coming in. His price was 15% cheaper than two other shops in the area with high ratings. He matched the exact tire I wanted - didn't have it on hand, but said he could get it and have it on my car today. I dropped my car off and picked it up 2 hours later with the right tire for the price he quoted me. Efficient service. No problems. And they did not try to sell me extra tires - just replaced the one that was flat - the other 3 are in good shape. I asked about rotating the tires, and Tony explained to me how and when that should be done, and offered to do it when the time came for FREE.
5	I've been incredibly weary when it comes to mechanics as I've had some bad experiences, but I'm convinced that Tony and his team at Oasis are one of the best in town.I've been taking my Jeep Liberty into them since I bought it in 2010 after being referred by a friend, and they have consistently gone above and beyond when it comes to customer service, fair pricing, and clear communication about the vehicle's problem and options for getting it fixed. There have been one or two occasions where I've even called them, explained the problem, and they were able to diagnose the problem over the phone and - because the issue was so minor - walk me through how to take care of it on my own.Great company that I completely trust with my vehicle. I would most definitely recommend Oasis to anyone who needs a good mechanic.
1	I've gone to this place twice.  Once back in December and another on May 24th.  In December I just had a small issue which was done with no problem.  I believe it was adding a bracket to my battery.  I believe I worked with Anthony and he wasn't very communicative at all.  I told him I would be waiting around and he called me fairly fast to tell me what the issue was and he would call back once it was done, but there was a car ahead of mine.  I waited another hour and a half at a cafe with no call back, so finally I walked back and my car had been done and waiting but he had never called to tell me it was ready.  He didn't really have good customer service skills or really took the time to explain much, but I waived it away thinking they are in the car service, not people service.Because they had such great reviews, I decided to stop by again when I noticed my car had white smoke coming out of the hood.  I thought maybe it was water/coolant burning off my radiator, and it was NOT over heating.  I took it back to Anthony on May 24th.  He told me it was my head gaskets and because my car is a 98 (lexus gs300 fyi) he said he would recommend an engine replacement for 4,600.  He also said my car was overheating.  On top of this, he was surly, and short with explanations.  I did not have the money for the car so i took it back home with me and decided to take it to someone else the following week.  I didn't have any other way of getting to work, so I drove it couple more times and never noticed the car over heating. I took it to another mechanics and explained that the last repair shop told me it was my head gaskets and wanted to confirm if i had to replace the engine or if anything could be done to repair the gaskets.  I explained it was white smoke coming out of the front of my car and they immediately suspected the radiator.  They were very nice and took the time to actually show me what they were doing.  And they showed me it was a crack in the radiator that was causing the issue.  I saw the leak with my own eyes.  I had them double check the head gaskets just in case it was 2 issues and nope, no problems.  I had the radiator replaced for a fraction of the cost. And STILL, in a effort to be fair, I waited months to place this review just to make sure my car continued to run without any issues.  And 3 months later my car is still running great.
5	Tony and his team are amazing! We recently had our alternator replaced at Oasis. During the process Tony spent time to educate me on how he determines an alternator is bad. This type of customer service is outstanding and is much appreciated. We highly recommend Oasis and will continue to take our vehicles there.
5	Nothing more painful than trying to find a car mechanic you can trust. I've been coming to Oasis for about 3 years now and each time I've taken my car in for service, they have done a thorough job at informing me of my car's necessary repairs, but also telling me what can wait and what is more urgent. I like that approach and have never felt I've been taken advantage of. The prices have always been fair and thoroughly explained. Happy to recommend this place.
