4	Roberto's is one of those Vegas places that can vary from place to place. One expects they do not have exacting standards for all their locations as you will often find differences in the recipe from one shop to another. Of course, the service will always differ between the various locations around the city. But this Roberto's, in a rather unassuming neighborhood of East Vegas, offers an excellent mix of all the good things you come to expect from the chain.A recent remodeling may have had an impact on this place. I don't know what it looked like before, but it looks good now and I think that has an affect on the staff as they are friendly and do an all-around good job. The food is as good as any location in town and the portions and price are what have made Roberto's a local favorite.
4	Wow. Total re-do/double-take Batman! This place has had a facelift and it's a very good facelift indeed. The last time I trekked to this Roberto's it was probably 4 or 5 years ago. I remember it being a kind of greasy taco shop in need of a major upgrade. Ya, the food was okay, and the place was... eh.But I came here today for a torta and the shop is really nice. The tables are clean and the entire kitchen has been turned around. The employees are nice too and my food was served up quick. I was the only one there at the time.I ordered a carne asada torta with everything. I enjoyed this torta. I felt as though it was well made, like they actually put thought into it. I have had so many tortas that I felt were just thrown together and the guac was dripping out the sides, the pico was all runny and gross. But not this torta! It helps that it was wrapped up very tightly in the waxy-paper and then the aluminum foil. Plus the bread was hefty. It wasn't a light bread. Therefore, even though the sandwich is juicy, the bread is holding up to it. I have had a lot of tortas when I got to the bottom I just tossed the damn thing because the bread was SO mushy and gross. Not this torta. The bread was only just a bit of mush, so I could eat it with no problem.I didn't realize this Roberto's had had a little renaissance. Now that I know, I'll probably be back more than once every 4 years.
4	Sometimes Roberto's gets a bad reputation for being a dirty restaurant.  And perhaps some locations are.  But do not let that scare you.  This location on the east side of the valley is always clean as are many others across the Vegas Valley.  It is always open and it is always good. I love coming here.  Almost religiously I have to get the three rolled tacos with guacamole and maybe a taco or two.  Or if visiting on Wednesday, a handful of $0.99 chicken tacos.  And don't forget the pickled jalapenos and carrots with some radish and cucmber on the side.  The food is good.  It is fresh made.  They are fast.  The menu is not short of anything.   They even have this one creation called asada fries.  Think nachos with carne asada and all the other fixings on french fries instead of chips.  Awesome.  They are worth trying at least once and is almost guaranteed to fill you without a second thought.  I'm getting hungry as I write this.  And now that I think about it, today is Wednesday.  I think a taco run is in order tonight.
4	I've ordered other items before and have been disappointed... Carne asada fries by far are the best thing on the menu! The flavor combination is no joke... Do yourself a favor and get some! It's even big enough to share with friends and when you taste it your gonna want everyone to know about it.
4	Picking up a few things around the corner at CVS, Bear and I were trying to figure out what to have for dinner.  He found Fatburger across the way, but neither one of us was in the mood for THAT. What he wanted was good Mexican food, which sounded alright to me.  That's when I remembered that a co-worker of mine, who's also a local, RAVED about Roberto's.  We'd already seen a few of them around, but hadn't yet taken the plunge, so it was settled.NOW I get the raves.  Quality-wise, this is DA MUY BUENO BOMB-DIGGETY. Bear had the chicken burrito - which was HUGE - while I settled on the chicken chimichanga, which was REDONKULOUS. Paired with a beef quesadilla, it looked (and felt like) enough to feed an army...and at a reasonable price! Yet unlike your typical fast Mexican food, say, that place with the bell and the chihuahua? THIS was good stuff, yet not at all heavy or greasy.  It took some time to finish so we didn't have leftovers, (which we couldn't have taken with us, anyway), but I didn't feel like I needed the entire defensive line of the Atlanta Falcons to help roll my ass outta there when we were done.The place was pretty clean and the service surprisingly fast for a place run by just two guys behind the counter.  As a local myself now, I sure am glad there's a bazillion Roberto's around town, so we can find one whenever we need one!
4	I have some buddies that came up this weekend to celebrate ST. PATRICK'S DAY.  So where better to have a St. Paddy's day then Roberto's Taco Shop?  I told them that for Cinco de Mayo they will come back for a trip to a British Pub to have a pint of Guinness.  Anyhow, here is my review:We checked out the menu that was here on Yelp!  and decided what we wanted before we came.  So, that's a bonus.  I ended up getting the 2 taco combo meal and a bean and cheese burrito.  I wasn't crazy about the tacos but the burrito was great.  A couple of my friends had the same thing and another had a torta.  She raved about it.  So, next time I go that will be the move I make.  We got our meals to go and they gave us all of the sides we needed.  So, it was a 4 star experience and I'll be back as it is relatively close to home.
4	This is a great little place to have a meal! The taco's are good, the value is great and the staff is nice and friendly. It is nice the way the salsa bar is, the food is authentic and good.
4	Robertos Closest location to my house! Nothing much to say but here's what i've got.Since this location is literally a block and a half away from home i can literally walk to have a late night snack. Price is very good for the portion of food you get. I usually get the carne asada breakfast burrito. Packed with meat and very thick. I'm full and content once im done with it.Service here is always friendly and fast. Nothing much to say other than that when it comes to service. Most of the time the tables are clean and the floor is clean, every once in awhile i walk in and there's a small mess on a table from customers not cleaning up after themselves or on the counter top of the soda machine there's a mess, but what fast food restaurant doesnt?I come here for my mexican food fix, great deal for the money you spend.
4	I like this location but I think they need more workers it gets really busy and seems they don't have a a good way of handling all of the customers . Other than that they are a lil stingy with the meat on the super nachos
5	Roberto's is awesome. I go here every week. They make my food hot and to order. They greet me with a smile and always thank me. Their prices are awesome and portions are large. They add value to my dollar and even if I am strapped for cash I can always find enough to get a bean and cheese burrito.
5	I came to this location after giving up on the Sahara/Sloan location.I must say, the food is MUCH better! They aren't stingy. Your plate is packed with food, it's all flavorful, they have a salsa bar (no flies!) and the interior design is different from all of the other locations that I visited. The staff has been pleasant and hasnt gotten an order wrong yet.The adobada and carnitas aren't all hacked up and dry, the tortillas are HOT and the rice and beans aren't bad. I actually have enough food to save and eat later and it all heats up well. This is the Roberto's that you want to go to.
4	I have to say I was surprised how good this place is everyone should try the fries so bomb so different.
