5	I've been coming to this place for the last 5 years, the staff is always friendly and this place is really clean. The barbers are very professional and well trained. This isn't one of those gay salon's that will massage your head while giving you a reach around, this is a real mans salon. If you just want to get a fucking haircut with no lame gimmicks, then this is the place for you!
5	So far so good. He took a lot of time cutting both the boys hair, even though one was very wiggly. The cuts looked nice, fades were even. Go on tue or wed for kids or seniors, discount.
5	This Barber shop is perfect for a guy like me.  Let me tell you why and I will try to be short and sweet about it-  I just moved to the area about a month ago and was in need of a cut.  There is nothing more nerve-wracking then having someone new cut your hair after having the same barber for the past 7 years.  I was very nervous.  I had no idea how to explain to the new barber at JL's Barber Shop what I wanted.  I didn't know what numbers I used on clippers.  I told him "Its been about 1 month since my last cut, and I wear the front up......so I guess just like it is now but shorter, business casual"  He said OK and went to work.  I was relieved when I started to notice how much attention to detail my barber paid  I was then relieved even more when he used scissors to cut the top of my hair ( Some barbers just weed wack your hair all over with the clippers/buzzers)It took a good 15-20 minutes before he was done, which was awesome because this place had a nice TV right in front of me with the news on it.  It was actually a relaxing experience.  This guy nailed it.  My hair looked great!  Its like he knew what I wanted without me being able to explain it that well to him.He even explained to me what #s he used to fade up the sides and how he did it, that way I would know what to ask for in the future.I had no idea how much this cut was going to cost me.... When I went to pay and he said 14$... I was sold.  Very great value.I will be going back to JL's
5	I travel a lot and have a tough time finding a good barber shop.  Found this place on Yelp because of the great rating and the hours of operation.  They were open until 7 and other places are only open until 5:30.  Well, I wasn't disappointed at all.  They did a great job.  Hair looks awesome!  I would concur with the 5 star ratings.
