4	price matching on business cards, in-house color copies for $0.19 each side and friendly service has me sold! i've been a customer of Randy's since he first started business here in the valley over 10 years ago, and recently found him again! his quality is superb. fast service too. they can do it all; print, graphic design and copy. full color is even available in the new water proof cards. check them out for your next design service, you'll be happy your money is staying in town, because they are locally owned and always available.
1	Called them for a quote on printing services (which I have gone elsewhere to spend about $600 on).  Person on the phone had no idea as far as pricing, discounts, or anything, so he asked if he could email me the quote.  I was fine with that, I totally understand if you're busy and need some time.  But, I never received an email or a call back.
1	It's great to have a locally-owned print shop downtown next to a lot of cool stuff.  Too bad it's not any good.I sent my job to Think, hoping to have it by the end of the day.  I called them repeatedly hoping they had at least started working on it, but that was not the case.  Each time I checked in, there was something wrong.  It would have been nice if they contacted me if they needed something else to start the job, but no.  The guy working there definitely did NOT have a can-do attitude.  He told me that if I wanted my job a certain way, I had to redo the files and send it back to him.  I did.  When I called to check in later, he STILL hadn't started it, and said he made a mistake in what he told me to change, but hadn't called to let me know this.Let me just say this: if  I can accomplish it with an inkjet printer and a stapler at home, your copy shop should be able to do it.I ended up taking my job away from them and going to another print shop, where they accomplished it in just a few hours, without hassle, and for $30 cheaper than what Think! quoted me.  I'm definitely not wasting my time with them again.
5	These guys are fabulous!  My print looks great, and they were very  friendly. When I went to pay, there was something wrong with their credit card machine, so the guy said I can take the print and bring him the money later, and so I did.  How nice though, right!  you will only get that kind of experience from a  local company. Friendly, local, considerate and good at what they do.  I'll definitely go back!
5	we operate a locally owned restaurant.  menus, flyers, banners ect are a key componet to what we have to do to promote ourselves.  think has helped us with logo changes, cleaning up all of our literature to put as polished look as possible on our stuff, and keeping our budget in check with responsible pricing,  we are a wide open cold call to many print companies who know how much restaurants depend on everything think does for us to drive our business. we smile and politely ask if they're hungry and then let them know we are covered with our printing needs. Think Graphics is not a company I do business with; they are an important part of my business! First class people to work with and an upgrade to any business looking for a printing company to partner with for projects large and small.  Thanks Think For all you deliver for us!
5	I have used the services of both locations (the other being Tempe).  The service was consistent at the Phoenix office with that of which I received in Tempe: Awesome.My review for the Tempe location I believe can directly apply here.  So, as all great men do, I will quote myself:"THINK! is the place to go in the Phoenix Metro for your printing needs.  I have used them in the past and was extremely satisfied by the fast service, great pricing, and multiple options available to me.  On top of the superb product offerings they provide top notch customer service.  I will definitely use them again, and would highly recommend them to anyone.  I have used THINK! on several occasions and the level of service and product have been consistently awesome."
5	LOVE think! They are great to work with. Best prices in the valley. Wouldn't use anyone else.
3	While Think produces excellent products ... Time is money - and they are always wasting mine. I've worked with them several times in my efforts to support local business but they have never hit a deadline. I've waiting in their office for prints that where quoted to be ready 2 hours previous. If your on a schedule I don't recommend Think. Very frustrating!
1	This review is subject to change as I have not actually received my order yet.I dropped off a sweatshirt with Think to do a very simple one sided print. I was told that the sweatshirt would be ready by the following wednesday, thursday at the latest. Doubly assured it would be done by christmas which was the whole point. Well wednesday rolled around and they said it would be ready friday. I was already surprised that it was going to take them a week to do a one off, one sided print, but I'm an amicable customer in general and I didn't hassle them about it. I called them on Friday and after many times trying to reach them, I had to ride my bike over to their location only for them to tell me their phone had been silenced... and that my shirt was at another location, but to rest assured it would be there by 3:30. Very disappointing, but not nearly as disappointing as what followed.After several correspondence and a second trip back to the store at 3:30 my shirt still was not there. They told me that they were behind on their orders and that they would be staying late to catch up, this would be admirable if it didn't turn out that not only was no one on their way to bring me my order, but it had never even been started in the first place. I find it incredibly hard to believe that NO ONE  on the staff was aware of this during the entire week. The person I spoke to was very apologetic and PROMISED me that he would come in on saturday to get the shirt done, and would call me when it was ready. Now I'm in Northern California a week later with no jacket.So now I am forced to write this review and share my experience with yelp. I see you guys respond to your bad reviews so here's what I have to say in summary:1. Be attentive. It helps to actually know where your merchandise is located2. Be honest. I was misled and brushed off by their entire staff. THE ENTIRE STAFF3. Acquire the capacity to do your own printing. You're a shop that puts graphics on T-shirts, you should probably be able to do a one off in your own shop.Perhaps I will be blown away when I get my shirt back and it will all be worth it. I would be willing to re-evaluate this review if that is the case. I will be coming back New Years Eve, and look forward to seeing if the quality of their product matches the quality of their service. I am much more curious though at how they are planning on making this up to me.
1	I do everything I can to support local businesses.  When I was in need of simple stickers and business cards I chose to patronize Think!.  They are local and are within a 1/2 mile of my home.  Day 1On Wednesday1/29/14, I took my small project (another local start-up) to the Phoenix location.  I spent about 20 minutes with JD discussing the project and felt positive that I made the right choice.  He said that he would get back to me with a quote and the project was no problem for them.  He also reassured me that he had all of the information needed to complete the project.Day 2The morning of Thursday 1/30/14, I had not heard from JD or Think!.  I called to inquire about the quote and JD was not available, so I left my number and requested a call back.  Later in the day I called back because I had not heard from JD, or anyone that could provide the simple quote.  At that time I spoke to JD and he said, "Yep, we're almost done with everything and I'll have it to you soon."  I did not hear back from JD or Think! via email or phone.Day 3By noon  on 1/31/14 I had not heard from anyone, so I called again.  After my request to speak with JD again, the employee that took the call did not know he didn't put me on hold and I heard, "Blaine?  I'm trying to remember who Blaine is." At that time I was hung up on.  I called the Tempe location for help on the quote and they told me that they would contact the Phoenix location to inform me on status of the quote.  The employee I spoke to (wish I remembered her name), told me to let her know if I did not hear from JD today and that the Tempe location would take care of the request if needed.  Unfortunately, I was not able to contact Tempe before the location closed.I will now be completing the project myself and taking it to a Staples or Office Max big box store for printing.  I wish I could have given a 5 star rating, but I wasn't offered the chance.
5	I am happy to write this reviw for Think! Graphic and Printing Solutions. The entire team at Think! in Tempe were very helpful and friendly. I came with a certain design in mind for a Bacelorette party and they created exactly what I wanted and provided me with an excellent product. The production time was quick and they were very easy to work with. I even added something on at the very last minute, the day before I wassupposed to pick up my shirts and they had my addition ready along with everything else. I was very impressed. I will definietly be recoommedning Think! to business associates and friends.
2	I went here to get some quotes on printing. They have a ton of trash scattered everywhere from cig butts to flyers outside. The main reason I'm turned off is when the guy gave me their business card, he had to scratch off an email address to write a new one..... Isn't this a printing business that sells and creates business cards...? Strange.
5	I have been using Think! Graphics now for over 4 years and they have been instrumental in the growth of my business. They rebranded my company, built a tremendously impactful website, and printed high quality products. I have outfitted over 500 clients and athletes with their t-shirts and high quality is an understatement. Their on-time-delivery is great, which is something I have had issues with with a lot other print companies, and they offer very competitive pricing. What I am most impressed with is their ability to enhance every project I bring to them. Their main focus is not on the delivery of the project, rather how they can maximize the impact of my projects. This personal commitment to the success of my business is what separates Think! from their competitors. Lastly, Think! has a fun and friendly business environment that makes the process enjoyable. Their team is very personable and even has a "customer service" black lab dog greeting customers as they come in! I strongly recommend Think! for all your business needs.
5	I needed a bunch of shirts made for a bar crawl and really had no clue what type of shirt and color schemes to use. Everyone at Think! was really helpful and made the process extremely easy. I would definitely recommend this company to anyone that needs printing done.
2	Still waiting on a quote and a proof for a job that should have already been in production, I provided the file along with all the size information breakdown and shirt brand.  This is a simple design, one print on each side of the shirt, and while I realize 50 shirts is probably not enough to get priority, I am really upset on how I've been blown off.  My first contact was on 5/22, I was told the design would take 40 minutes.  I said that was fine, the gentlemen then informed me lead time was 5-7 business days, also fine.  5/23 I asked when I could expect  quote, I was told "ill get it to our screen department today and they will email you an estimate today or tuesday, have a great holiday."  polite enough,   So I wait5/27 I get a call from another department explaining to me how I could just submit my information online to get it going......wait I was expecting my proof and estimate already at this point so I'm already starting over having lost 2 days.  Okay so it's not the end of the world, I talk to the girl on the phone and explain I've already had this conversation, I want to PAY to have this done and was in fact expecting (based on what I was told) to have it done.  She said she would have it done by end of business or the next day.So I wait5/31 I write at 8:05 AM via email stating that I still haven't received my proof or my quote, no response.  At this point what can I do?  Obviously I am not important enough to warrant their service, so I will take my business elsewhere.It must be said this is not my first experience with Think!  Last time I had similar issues where it took over a month to complete my business card order for my day job.  In that case I was told that there were computer problems, that may or may not be true, but because of how I am being treated now I am very skeptical.  To be fair when people are responding they are very polite, and the quality of the business cards and the design are great.  BUT as a customer, all I want are clear answers of time and price, I really don't appreciate being strung along.UPDATE 6/24:  I'm still waiting.UPDATE 7/24:  Haven't heard back yet.
3	I took way too long to write this update and that was very irresponsible of me. The company gave me the sweatshirt I ordered free of charge and was very cool about it. While my experience may have been unsatisfying the product was exactly what I asked for and has since stood up to the various abuses that I have put it through. These guys deserve a chance for sure, but if there is a time table make sure you get it to them early.
5	Quality service, good price, fast service.
1	I'm going to start this out by saying I will update my review as I go further into the process (since I didn't originally order the shirts). BTW this is the TEMPE Location.My boss ordered t-shirts for a function we will be taking part in next month.  She ordered them early enough that the shirts shouldn't look as though it were a rush job. First, they didn't tell her that they weren't delivering (or shipping) the shirts.  When the shirts were done, NO ONE contacted her.  She had to call to find out the status.  Then when she went there to pick up the shirts they couldn't find them :/I have been ordering t-shirts for well over 10 years for a company I worked for prior to this one, so I know the right questions to ask.  In my opinion, when ordering female shirts, the customer should always be told if the shirt runs true to size, smaller, or larger, than normal.  Whoever helped my boss did not tell her the female shirt sizes ran smaller than ACTUAL size.  So when I order a 2XL I expect to at least get the shirt over my head; this was hard to do.  My 2XL fits like a large.  Sure the top portion of the shirt pronounces my curves, but the bottom doesn't even stay down (yep, it rolls up).  My fault for being fat, sure, but when I order a t-shirt in my size, I expect it to fit.The screen-printing left some kind of splash mark on both the front and back of the shirts which is now burned into the fabric.  Please don't get me started on how crappy the logo looks.NOW, since I'm taking this over from my boss (just today) I have called Think! and left a message for Jessica to call me back.  I told the man on the phone I was terribly unhappy with the order we received.  So instead of asking me what was wrong, he took a message, and I'm now waiting for her to call me back.  Of course, I am also now on the lookout for new vendors to provide quality shirts with quality screen-printing.  I highly doubt I will continue with this one.10/24/14 Still no return phone call from Think!
