5	My only complaint with OUTBACK ever is the fact that you have to wait so long to sit down.  It always seems there are many tables open, so why can't they just sit everyone.Any steak I have ever had is amazing cooked perfect (med-rare).  My kids beg me to go to outback, they love the Macaroni and I have to admit, its not half bad.  The desserts are amazing too - anything they have will tickle your taste buds.
5	This Outback is really good.  The food is consistent the staff is great and they always seem to deliver a great experience.  Go say hi to Nick behind the bar or chit chat with Aubrey one of the managers there.They have happy hour all day and the food is reasonably priced.
5	Blooming onion is the bomb. Gift Card program good.
4	I have never had any issues with this location and have appreciated the quick and friendly service.On our most recent visit, we decided that we were going to sit at the bar as we were not going to be ordering an entire meal of food.  We were greeted promptly and our drink order was taken in which our beers were delivered within a minute or so.  We decided that we were going to order the Kookabora(sp?) Wings and the Grilled Shrimp.  While we were waiting we were given their loaf of bread.  I have a love hate relationship with this bread, i.e. I love it and it hates my thighs.  I was surprised as we weren't ordering entrees but hey, I'll take it because it's delicious.  Our wings and shrimp came out together and they were hot.  The wings are, without fail, hot enough to cause 2nd degree burns but they are amazing.  I love their wings because they aren't the typical hot wing but are a flavorful wing and have the right amount of spice.  I really enjoyed the shrimp as well, it was cooked well and the texture was perfect.Overall, it was a good meal and seems to be the trend at this Outback location.  I, as well as my husband, came out a very full and happy camper.
5	Great dinner tonight!  Always good!
5	good solid Outback, for outback I rate it five stars! Great staff :)
2	Haven't had the whole Bloomin Onion experience for a while, and it was a good way to start the gluttonous Gilbert Arizona restaurant fest.  Typical timeline: after fighting for a spot in an overfilled parking lot, push through the huge crowd standing (hardly enough seats) in the hot lobby to hear that it will take 30-40 minutes to be seated, then try to stay awake while sitting among people staring at the wall and kids running around.  Finally get seated and given cavernous Diet Cokes (standard) and bread (I forgot about their dark pumpernickle) and the inevitable deep fried onion, plus a few other things.  Taking so long to get the actual meal, the appetizers inevitably take up too much stomach space....finally the main meal, getting a second wind and scarfing it down with the 4th Diet Coke refill and toward the end feeling a strange distention in the abdomen that you try to ignore.  Got fish but yet still feel like I ate something covered in oil.  SInce it was 3 hours, passed on any giant desserts this time.   How do people do this more than every year?
1	A steakhouse should know how to cook a steak medium rare. It came out well done. No attempt to resolve the issue by the waitstaff when we complained.
2	I placed an order online for curb side pick up service.  When I got home we found some items missing...  For a company that has a pretty detailed online ordering system, this was such a let down.  To top it off, this wasn't the first time I have run into missing items or the wrong order.  I'm a firm believer of giving a second chance, but come on guys... Let's at least try to match the good service you receive inside the restaurant.  Not a good experience mate!
2	35 minute wait with lots of open tables. Seriously, there were 5 open tables in the same area they seated us. Good burger. Wifes steak was a pretty bad cut of meat. She loves their sweet potatoes though.
3	Service was good, margarita just ok, side salad good, filet mignon didn't have any flavor as it was cooked on a griddle. Gotta have mesquite wood.
2	Food is always great at Outback.  We like to sit at the bar and eat and have a few beers.  We have been to this location three times and the same bartender has been on duty, Friday night.  She is rude and acts as though you should be grateful she is there.  VERY passive aggressive.  If you like to sit at the bar I would recommend heading up to Chandler location were you will receive customer service and not be forgotten (twice they forgot to put our order in) no apologies just rude sarcasm.
3	Quality is slipping in the attempt to stay relevant with the times. . I feel like the competition to say in the Applebee's and Chili's arena has hindered the experience I use to crave from Outback. The steak menu is diminishing and being replaced with fluff and buff, not my cup of tea! The service is always amazing, it's just not what I remember it being, disappointing as best.
1	CURBSIDE TAKEAWAY REVIEW - I want to make sure it is clear that this review is related to the curbside takeaway only, and not the restaurant in general.  This only reflects my experience with the curbside team over the last couple of years.The accuracy of my orders are incorrect more than they are correct.  This is a trend over the last 24 months.  We do not have complicated or modify the menu when ordering, we are talking about items not being included that should be.I recognize that we aren't saving the world here.  We have gone back to this location for takeaway over and over and over again.  The one job that Outback Curbside Takeaway has is to provide fast and accurate food as advertised.  It is on this expectation that I give a low one-star rating.Last night was the last straw - 1) the order was ready 35 minutes after the communicated pick up time via the website and follow up email, 2) we were missing one of the salads.  3)  The salad dressing we received was for the salad we did not get - and we did not get the dressing assigned to the salad we did get.  4)  The french fries were soggy / undercooked.  5)  The steak was cold.  6)  The bread did not come with butter/sides.I've noticed that it is typically the side salad that gets the shaft.  I have returned this location for curbside takeaway maybe 15 times over the last two years.  I've reached the point where I check the bag before I pull away and I no longer call the manager to complain.  I have hoped for the best because in general I really like Outback.  The only time we will be returning to this location is to dine in.  We've given curbside many many many second chances.
4	Good location.
3	Me & my girl go to this Outback quite a bit.  The ambiance isn't the greatest, but we always manage to have a decent steak dinner w/ drinks without breaking the bank.
4	They always have amazingly cold beer in ice cold mugs! I wasn't impressed with the cut of meat I got as there was a lot of gristle. I'm still a fan and will definitely come back. Good service and quality food.
3	This is Outback.  What you expect is what you get.  This place was not outstanding, nor terrible.  It was Outback.  Reasonably good food and reasonable prices (for a steak house).The teriyaki skewer was good.  The seasoned rice was good.  The seasoned fries were too salty (that seemed to be most of the seasoning).  Needed ketchup to cut the salt (usually I will eat seasoned fries straight...no ketchup).Others at the table seemed to enjoy their food.  One did comment that the onion soup seemed more beefy than oniony.  I tasted it and have to agree.  Onion wasn't very strong at all.But it was a nice meal.  Nothing extraordinary, but good.
1	I've been to this location twice. And I wont be back.  First time, my steak was over cooked and dry.  service was nothing special.  Second time, was horrible. My family and I arrived at 3pm our order for drinks was not taken until 3:20pm and no server greeted us, besides the hostess. The hostess then came to our table and sauid someone will be with you.  I was ready to walk out, but my husband said to stay.  Then we over heard the 2 servers fighting about 2 large parties.  Large parties=GOOD tips. Finally our server came and took our order.  Our food came around 4:15pm. and we had to wait 10mins for the server to come and give us utensils.  The place was not busy at all. Overall, paid for Lame service, food was Ok not the best, long wait, inexperienced servers, not professional, NOT coming here again.
2	Not really a great experience..  Arrived at about 6pm and was told the wait would be 15-20 minutes.  Ended up being 40 minutes to get a seat.  Normally I wouldn't wait for a place like this, but we had gift cards to use.  We finally got seated in the bar area.. after which there was a bit of confusion on who our server was as 2 people stopped by.. and I think they told each other that they were going to be the one for our table because then nobody really came back and we had to flag one of them down to start drink orders.  Drinks took a few minutes.. and then we waited another 10-15 minutes for someone to come back to actually take the dinner order.. again we had to flag someone down.  Had to ask for bread at this point.. getting hungry(er).. Salads didn't take too long to get out, but it took another 20 minutes after those were long gone to get the main course out.  So the food... I got the ribs and chicken with fries.  The ribs were tough.. I had a real hard time even cutting thru them with a knife.  The chicken was dry and the fries were soggy and luke warm at best.  Plus the food just LOOKED like boring/bland when it got to the table.  Everyone else at the table got some sort of steak.. those seemed serviceable, but nothing spectacular.. but again.. bland looking.  So the problems with the service.. I think they were just understaffed and I can't blame the waitstaff that was there as it looked like they were doing their very best... I know that's a tough job, especially when understaffed.The food.. was just not good.  In this 2+ hour experience, I would not recommend much... Although I was not drinking, the people I was with said the drinks were good.. strong.. So I guess that's a positive.
3	Another satisfying meal at Outback. On a Thursday evening we ordered the two specials...Alice Spring Chicken and Coconut shrimp combo, and sirloin and crab legs . My husband had never eaten crab legs, and the very accommodating waitress gave us a lesson in how to crack and eat them. She then, very kindly, brought a plate with a few extra from the kitchen. A bit of a wait for the entrees to arrive ( it wasn't that busy) but service on the whole was friendly and attentive. Sirloin was a bit on the dry side, but done just the way we requested and very flavorful. Next time...one of those yummy looking milkshakes served in an old fashioned milk bottle for dessert.  By the way....the signature Bloomin Onion...is so huge, way too much for one or two, couldn't they offer a smaller size made with a small onion??
2	Not a huge chain lover but occasionally go to outback.  Unfortunately, this review isn't that great but what you might expect from take out.  I know that food gets cold and I'm fine with that but the food should be the same quality and quantity as if you ate there.  Also, if you ask for certain items they should be included.  Especially when the order is done online and everything is detailed and typed up nice and neat.  Not a phone order where they actually have to listen.  Seriously, you don't even care enough to take 10 seconds to read the order details.  Ordered 16 oz prime rib outback style, side salad, baked potato, and the brownie dessert.  Luckily the prime rib was pretty decent but super lucky we ordered the 16 oz version because it was mostly fat.  Again, I know prime rib can be fatty but this was a bit much.  I can live with that though.  I told them no butter or sour cream just extra chives, bacon, and au jus.  Didn't get any extra, still received the dairy I can't eat, and the portions of chive and bacon were so small it was a joke.  Maybe 6 actual pieces of green onion, cheap chive substitute.  Pathetic.  The brownie, in the restaurant you get a nice decent piece.  We received what looked like a small leftover piece in a small triangle.  Seriously three bites.  I usually don't eat like crap so this is a treat for me.  This wasn't a treat at all.  Never thought eating at outback was outstanding but in the restaurant it's been a 3.  This should have been better and wasn't.  Read the online notes and directions and give people what they ask and pay for.  Will not waste money on that again.  Next time, In and Out it is, cheap and way better.
2	We are here every Wednesday. The service is usually good but tonight it was not. Our appetizer came after we finished our meal and when we asked for more bread earlier the waiter joked about how there is a one loaf per table rule. I guess he meant it because we never got another loaf. Well the joke is on him when he does not get a tip! I guess we won't be back anytime too soon.
5	I need to update my review. Today I decided to speak with a manager and let them know about out experience. Billy invited us back this evening for a meal on him. I couldn't be more grateful. It was a much better experience than the night before and it was nice to know that the Outback cares enough to make it right. We have been going to this establishment for a while and we will keep going. Thanks Bully and the entire team who helped make our night enjoyable.
2	I've eaten at this Outbacks before. It was, until now, decent, nothing special but nothing to ever complain about.  I took my kids as a treat. They are finally old enough to start appreciating steaks.So my 14 year old orders a New York strip medium I order my filet medium rare. When we get our steaks mine is rare and hers is medium rare. She didn't want to eat hers, it was bleeding all over her plate. The waitress even asked her when she ordered "you know medium rare means pretty pink in the middle" Which, she's had steaks before. I've ordered steak often as well, I always order the same and I know what to expect.I don't mind a rare filet, so I didn't complain (I hate sending food back) but I did complain about my daughters because she wouldnt have eaten hers AT ALL.So the waitress took the plate and the manager brought it back, it didnt look bloody and my daughter was sitting across from me so I wasnt close enough to see, I think she ate another 2 or 3 small bites and when I asked for a a to-go box I realized just how VERY well done her steak was, so rather than a bit more cooked when sent back, it had been completely ruined.I was pretty pissed but if they had JUST taken it off the check I would have been ok.Then the manager came back over after I talked to the waitress.... She proceeded to explain to me how the standards of Outbacks "medium rare" and "medium" were VERY different from ANY other restaurant and that it should have been explained to me when we ordered. If its different than EVERY where else, than its not what anyone would expect.... This must happen often. Thankfully I don't mind rare, but why ruin my daughters meal and basically blame me for not knowing your very own special way of doing things.Then you patronized me.This is why I choose to write this review. I don't EVER like to be talked down to and I always am very respectful to the wait staff, so to be spoken to like that... Even with them taking my daughters meal off the check, I won't be returning. That's not what I pay a extra to eat out for.My waitress was a doll though, VERY attentive, very sweet and understanding and I over tipped her (including tipping for what I would have paid for my daughters meal.)EDIT:I forgot.... We also ordered cheese cake pops. They tasted like stale gross (left uncovered) refrigerator. I'd have complained about the level of disgust I had with them while the manager was at my table but..... we took them to go and had ordered them before I realized my daughters steak was ruined.
3	Outback is just ok, it's nothing amazing but not bad either. Their onion blossoms are huge and tasty, their baby back ribs were meaty and good too. I got their grilled chicken sesame salad and that was eh... the salad was really watery almost like they just put wet lettuce on the plate without drying it, so the dressing was really diluted. The waitress stopped to tell me that it was super busy and she just wished she could take a break and her feet hurt and how she's been running around all day, like I care? lol anyways, overall it was a good experience.
4	Three of us went to Outback on 12/22/13 for dinner. We were seated right away after being greeted at the door. After being seated, our server Osana came to our table within a minute to take our drink order. Osama was very professional and nice, but if I'm being honest, she didn't seem particularly enthusiastic or engaging at first.We placed our orders and received our food promptly. I had the 8 ounce filet which was actually delicious and cooked perfectly. It had no grill marks which I thought odd but forgot to ask the server why. My nephew had filet and lobster which was very good and mom had a steak, but can't remember the cut she ordered. Her steak was ordered med-well and came out very well done, and was a really thin cut, literally about 1/2 inch thick at its thickest point.When Osana returned, she asked if our meals were cooked properly to which I said yes, but mom said hers was over-cooked. Osana offered to return the steak and have a new one prepared for her, which mom declined. Despite the fact that we made no  fuss over it, Osana still let her manager know and the steak was comped. I was a restaurant manager for years and few restaurants do the "right thing" when something goes wrong, but this and Osana's apology was perfect. A bad meal or incorrectly cooked steak won't prevent me from being a return customer, but a lack of empathy and action when it does happen will. Outback gets an A+ in this regard on this visit.The bill was about $75 after that $17 steak was removed, to which I tipped a healthy $20 (over 20% of the original bill), Osana wished us a good evening and we were on our way. Good experience overall and I'm sure we'll be back.
2	I LOVE the outback but this was by far the worst experience I have had at one. We got here at 4 and were seated in the bar. Erika G was our server and she ran past our table a dozen times before acknowledging us. She brought us bread (which was horribly stale) and disappeared for longer before buzzing by again to speedily take our order. She seemed to have no patience. I told her it was my friend's birthday and she said they didn't do anything for that, but could maybe get a scoop of ice cream. OK, yes we'd like that. My baked potato (which I usually love because of all the salt on the side) was cold and a bit hard and my steak was SO thin!! I also remember liking their caesar salad, but this time it was all light green/white lettuce which is not what I like... Overall I was very disappointed with the dinner. If I pay $50 to go out for a friend's birthday I want to enjoy it. I didn't. Wouldn't recommend this location. I've heard the one at superstition springs is good though.
5	You have to try the grilled pineapple rita!! The hickory smoke salt makes the drink. Ryan T was my server tonight he was very friendly had great jokes and always check in on my date and me. Great service! I enjoy the filet and lobster tail. Thank you Ryan!
2	Why is Gilbert the capital of chain restaurants? I try to stay away from them and go to locally owned, but there are so few in Gilbert outside of the downtown area. Anyway, was in a hurry and hungry so we took a chance on Outback. Simply confirmed my opinion of chain restaurants. Food was not well prepared (celery was frozen and look like it had been through a garbage disposal, fries were limp and greasy). Obvious flaws that no one in the kitchen caught or cared to correct. Everything is over salted, apparently to hide the lack of flavor. Just glad I didn't order anything from the higher priced side of the menu. I do complement the waiter, who was good to check in with us and brought replacement food, but it just galls me to pay those prices and have a kitchen operating with no adult supervision. Hire good management and pay them a fair wage to do what they are supposed to do, i.e. manage.
1	I paid $15 for a tiny overcooked steak and a tiny baked potato. I ordered my steak medium rare and it was well done. Server apologized but didn't do anything to make it right.
1	It is very infrequent that I bother to take time to write a negative review for any establishment. This particular Outback is D league. Outback has mismanaged my time, money and order 3/3 times over the last 6 years. The "manager" of this Outback reports that I should drive back to the store to correct an overcharge on my visa.(on the hottest day of this summer to date) Do yourself a favor and patronize the Keg steakhouse across the street. These guys can mess up a wet dream.
5	I was a bit dismayed to see this particular location of Outback get some bad reviews. This is the location we frequent the most and I can say we have never had a bad experience.  Of course, some servers are better than others, but never have we had a rude or uncaring wait person.  Tonight we had a group of 3 (one teen) and the meal came to $60.  This included two beers.   We all had the outback special and ironically, one of us had the 6oz cut, one the 8oz and one the 11oz cut.  I will include pictures for size reference if anyone is interested.  All our meals were prepared as requested - I think we all said med well, so not sure if that makes a difference.  We were seated right away- in the bar area....they asked us and we said sure.  It was 6:00 on a sat night so I was happy not to wait.They have a special right now, if you buy $50 in gift cards you get $10 free so we asked if we could do that and put it toward our meal tonight and they said sure!  All in all, I don't have a complaint.  Service was good, food was good and we were seated quickly.
1	This is definitely not the place you want to work for as an employee. As a customer, it's fairly decent. The reason I feel this place is going down the shit hole is because of how the owner treats his employees personally. I've spoken to several who have either left on their own time or let go. I have never witnessed and heard of such unfair treatment in my life. The proprietor John Johnson fires people left and right for the poorest of reasons. I've seen it happen now sever times. John is the epitome of evil on how he mistreats his people. I've been told the majority of his employees never get lunch breaks. They can work 11 hour shifts and still maybe be allowed to eat a loaf of bread within 5 minutes. If you find his perspectives or choices unreasonable and voice your opinion on him... Consider yourself history.
4	The service was actually quite good here, despite being a busy evening. The food was great and they took great care of my daughter. Keep up the good work.
5	Me and my sister went here for the first time and we both ordered the steak and shrimp plate which was excellent we also ordered the flat bread appetizer which was outstanding and the service was outstanding we will be back to this location
3	I decided to run a blog as we wait for our food.  Here we go:Ordered drinks.  Twenty mins later they arrived ... without lemons.  Asked for them. Server said she'd get some.Waited another twenty.  Finally went to the bar to find lemons myself.Bread arrived 15 mins later.Asked for refill of drink.  Took a full 10 mins.No refills for the rest of the night.Nearly 1hr later, our food arrived.  - without silverware.Steak overdone.  WAY overdone.But, shrimp was REALLY good.  :-)We were told that the kitchen was running behind.   I guess drinks and lemons come from the kitchen at this location.Manager was nice, that's why I'm increasing the stars.  Hopefully, people will read this review, however.
5	We love the consistent, well priced food here. Friendly service. Favorite ceaser salad over all others. Drinks are well made, ordered cosmos and margaritas. Prices are not outragious for specialty drinks. Nice atmosphere, we sat in the bar area.  filet like butter, asparagus was crisp and yummy.
1	I have been an Outback fan for years and my husband, parents, children and I have made a habit of coming to this particular Outback a couple of times a month.  This past year our visits have decreased as we have seen changes taking place that have not been favorable.  However, we were still coming at least once a month and would anticipate at least an average,  mediocre experience.  Unfortunately, we will not be returning due to our latest visit.Upon arrival we were seated and our waiter came over to our table.  I believe he said his name was Larry and he had more the demeanor of a used car salesman than a waiter.  After he introduced himself, he disappeared.  Seriously, he was gone for more than 15 minutes.  We had menus, but no water, no bread, no attention whatsoever.  He walked past us a couple of times and we attempted to catch his eye.  The third time past our table and more than 15 minutes after we were seated we flagged him down and requested water and bread and said we were ready to order our dinner.  He told us he would be right on it.Several minutes later we received water but it was served by a bus boy and we still had no bread and no one to take our order.  At this point I told my husband that I wasn't liking our waiter and the lack of service that we were receiving.  We talked about leaving and decided to suck it up and stay.  A full 10 minutes after receiving the water, our waiter brought out bread and was ready to take our order.  Mind you, we had been seated there for a half hour by then and only had water and menus in our hand to show for it.  I ordered potato soup and a dinner salad.  My husband ordered a filet, medium rare.During another trip past our table, following placing our order for dinner, our waiter was caring a tray with two soft drinks on it.  We thought that maybe these were the soft drinks that we had ordered.  They weren't meant for us but we were given them nonetheless.  They were both spilled all over us as our waiter was passing by.  Seriously, ALL over us.  I had Coke in my hair.  Every time I blinked more Coke ran into my eyes.  My blouse was covered in soda, as were my pants, my husband's pants and our shoes.  Now, I know accidents happen.  But there was no apology for his collision!  He left us with our one little paper napkin each to try and dry ourselves.  He then went to the table next to us and told them he was sorry, that he would be back in a little while with new drinks for them!  Are you kidding me?  I was soaked and my husband was wet.  We were heading to a movie following dinner, but there was no way that we could go any place without changing.Our drinks never came. The dinner was sub-par and the only good thing about this incident is that it gives us a great story to tell when people are talking about their WORST restaurant experiences.  To top it off, a female manager did come over to see the damage.  After she asked how we were I told her that I wasn't doing very well and that I, as she could see, was drenched.  She said "Sorry" and left, never to be seen again.  Frankly, I thought that our bill would be adjusted somewhat, at least enough to cover the dry cleaning bill.  But not a chance.  We paid the bill and promised each other that we would never return again, either by ourselves or bringing our family.Terrible, terrible service!  Wish I could give ZERO stars.
1	So it's a chain, which means I'm not expecting awesomeness. That said, I'm glad I had a gift card. If I had to pay the whole thing outta pocket, I may have been a bit more peeved. The reviews below aren't over exaggerations. It's hilarious how on point each one was. Since I went through them today just cuz, I knew ahead of time that the service was "found lacking" by a ton of people. So I tried to compensate, and since I was meeting family there and knowing they'd want water, I attempted ordering waters all around so they wouldn't have to wait like we did. My husband and I got our waters after sitting there at our table for 20 minutes, and the waitress never brought out the extra waters requested. My family got there and got to wait another 20 minutes for their water. Refills were basically nonexistent after that. After about an hour of being there total, we finally got an appetizer, the second one making it out after another 25 min. I had had the waitress take our food order at the same time as the appetizer since I knew they seemed to be having problems with taking forever with everything, but even so, we still ended up waiting another hour for our food to get to us. I know it's a steak house, but I wanted a burger, and the burger was pretty dang disgusting. Oh well. We only had to wait another 20 minutes for the waitress to bring out the check, and thus ended our visit. Everyone was nice though. No weird attitudes or anything. The waiters/waitresses just tended to disappear and not come back.
