4	Very good for fast food. It's great to have Vienna Beef dogs this close to home! A must have! Had the Bacon Cheeseburger and it was an excellent thin patty burger. The fries are a shoestring cut and they give a very generous portion. My wife and son loved the turtle custard!
4	Really really good burgers...never heard of Freddy's but excited they have finally opened up and so close to my house too. I am not a McDonalds or BK fan and willing to pay the few extra dollars for better tasting burgers. Finally some good fast food burgers around the QC/STV area with Freddy's and Smashburger.
1	Stopped in as all the cars in the drive through had me believing that good food was to be had. Wrong!Burger sucked, had the #1, burnt to a crisp, should have taken it back but I just won't frequent this place ever again.Maybe everyone was in line for the custard, I can't believe anyone likes their burgers.
5	The drive thru was around the parking lot. So I went inside with my kids. Surprisingly the line inside was long but went fast. Food was made quickly and was great!! My picky kids loved the burgers as much as I did!! Tasty burgers with good straw fries...coming back.
5	Very good burgers, recommend the double. Very good beef. The buns wer e excellent.  I usually only eat half the bun but I ate the whole thing. The fries are shoestring and are really good and the fry sauce is some of the best. We will be back. Have to try the hot dog.  They have a burger hot dog combo on the menu. They are competing with a lot of  burger joints. The malt was two thick but large.
5	Freddy's Hamburgers are the BEST!!!  I don't care for hamburgers, but these I crave!  They seem to be always busy, but have plenty of employees so that the wait is minimal.  I Would definitely recommend to family and friends.
4	Their custard is the real star but the chili cheese fries and burgers are good for fast food (especially out here). Pricier than your average fast food joint but worth it.
5	Soooo happy to have someplace good out here in BFE!I had the DBL cheeseburger California style. The meat was seasoned well and not greasy at all. The veggies were crisp and ripe. I really enjoy their buns as well. The shoestring fries were tasty and I LOVED the onion rings. The onions still had a sweet flavor and the batter wasn't too heavy.For dessert I had a strawberry sundae, which was great. My girl had the turtle concrete which she enjoyed, but was a little sweet for me. The only downside is I live a mile from here so I'm gonna get fat now :P
5	So good love the food my only complaint was the wait and it was due to volume of people great problem to have. The burgers are awesome and my son loves the shakes good job!
4	Enjoyed my Freddy's original with cheese very much, fries are good and I recommend Freddy's Sauce  on the cheeseburger and custard for dessert yummy.  Nice to have a steak burger just up the street
5	The food is yummy, customer service has been great, and I took the advice of another reviewer and ordered a side of the Freddy's sauce which is also yummy and I have to order every time I go now. I had never tried custard before but glad I have now it was so good!
5	I like this place the food is good and so is The service
4	I love the fact that when you place your order if there is a way to save you money like changing it to a combo meal, they do.  Unlike anywhere else I go they just rIng it up without even thinking about the guest.  Thank you Freddy's for putting the customer first over profit.
1	I decided to try this place since it's new and right down the street from my house. It always had a lot of cars, but I figured everyone else was just trying it out and didn't assume that was an indication that it was good. Anyways, the prices seemed kind of high, but not totally unreasonable.  After having their burger, fries, and dirt and worms; i have to say that I never plan on coming back here. The burger patties are smashed so much that they are left tasting like burnt meat with pieces falling off. This also left it dry. The fries aren't even worth mentioning.  The dirt and worms were yet another disappointment. For being such a simple dessert, I figured it would be pretty hard to mess up, but they were so stingy on the toppings that I might as well have bought vanilla ice cream.  I might (big on the might) patronize this establishment again in the future just to try the frozen custard, but I won't get my hopes up that it will be good. For this price range, I will stick with driving a little further and getting a burger and fries from another place that normally doesn't disappoint me.
4	Shoe string french fries are da bomb!Custard is uh-may-zing. I recommend the fudge brownie concrete.Prices are fair, service is good. Place is clean. No complaints!P.S. They have free wi-fi!
3	Meh, it was ok
5	Freddy's is awesome. I love their patty melt, and their fries are awesome. The burgers are steak burgers, so they will be much flatter than a hamburger, and they are a bit crumbly. To me, I went in expecting this and I wasn't disappointed. If you want a plain burger, there is a Burger King across the street, this is designed to be different. The food is great and the desserts are better. It's great to have a good place for non-typical fast food in STV!
5	I haver never in my life had such an amazing dessert. This frozen custard was so perfect. Be warned - they're filling! The staff was great and the price was less than I expected.
4	Great find in the middle of nowhere.Shoe string french fries are excellentVanilla and Chocolate shakes are pretty goodSteak burger is a true winnerFor an area with few good options, this place is a must try.
1	Ordering food here is extremely difficult. ....they do not pay attention to detail! They have same ordering proplem at all locations on their machine...ive complained for years
4	We went to this Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers and the one near Times Square (yes they were so good we went twice in two days). Everything is phenomenal at this place. The single Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers and the double are sooooo good. The meat is juicy and flavorful, the bun is something out of heaven. The lettuce and tomato are fresh and the Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers sauce is quite nice (but they don't put very much on the burger). Their fries are special. The crinkle cut allows more surface to get crispy and whatever type of oil they use (it isn't traditional vegetable) adds a really nice flavor. Their Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers are amazing...the black and white was incredible. I would go back again and again and again.
