5	I think this is a great company.  I love my tech, and only see dead (or dying) bugs.  I recently had a bee swarm, and they came out right away and took care of it- thank goodness!
5	Pitbull Pest Control got rid of things that crawl in the night successfully for us, without all of the usual poison.  This company has organic safe insecticide solutions which are much safer than the regular poison most exterminators use.  We find it reassuring as pet owners, to know that our pets are exposed to less poison... as exterminating is a necessity in Las Vegas.
5	We finally contacted them after dealing with ants throughout our home for MONTHS. We tried every product available at Home Depot to get rid of ants to no avail. In one session, they took care of the problem. I try to refer them as much as possible because Chance, our bug guy, was so informative, helpful, professional and friendly. Definitely worth EVERY investment made - I HATE ants and we had them THROUGHOUT the house. In addition, I thought my house would smell funny from chemicals - but not at all. Turns out they don't use anything poisonous to animals or infants - which is great because I have both.
5	We routinely had a different company coming to the home but cancelled them because we recently  found carpet beatles and scorpions in the home..carpet beatles are disgusting, we thought they were bed bugs! We decided to have Pitbull Pest Control come out and take care of the situation. They took care of the carpet beatles and also came back and did follow up calls to make sure they were gone. They also got rid of the scorpions. I have quite a few friends that now ask me who I use for scorpions because their current pest control company cannot handle them..I'm so grateful for Pitbull Pest Control! I no longer fear my nephew will step on a scorpion while playing at my house! Their staff is amazing also...especially Kelly the manager, she is always very sweet and helpful on the phone and I appreciate that!
5	I called these guys after getting a rude sales pitch from Elite Pest Control (who said they couldn't get anyone out to me for at least a week). I'd just moved from Arizona into my new house in Vegas and was not happy with the amount of 6-8 legged creatures I saw. They were able to get someone out to me the first thing next morning for a reasonable price. Very friendly. It's only been a week, so time will tell how well the product and services are long-term. But I'm happy so far!
5	I have used PittBull Pest Control for well over two years. If you want the best pest control company in Las Vegas, call Pittbull Pest Control. Joey and his team are true professionals and their experience and expertise is evident in every visit. This company specializes in bed bugs, pigeon control, cockroaches and every other common pest. No job is to big or to small.
5	Pitbull Pest Control are true heroes!  They provide exceptional service with a smile. I have been using them for close to 3 years,  and I have had only 2 technicians visit my property.  Both have been great and I feel safe allowing them in my home with my wife and kids.  Great job guys!
5	The company was more than helpful when it came out for the pigeons that have taken over our neighborhood and now find it there home on our roof sometimes ughhh! So I called Pitbull and they had someone come over and evaluate my problem and then set up some pigeon stations "I think that's what they are called" and now taaadaaa! They have left our home and squatted to another house. Thanks Pitbull for taking care of that for us
5	Pitbull pest control  has been servicing our home for over 4 years now . They come Monthly and always call ahead of time with the day of the service day to confirm . I have been bug free. Thank you
5	I went with another company when I first moved to Vegas and it was weird! One day the guy disappeared off the face of this earth and never showed up again. Didn't call, send me anything, never to be heard from again! Soooo... Yelp failed me on that one and it was back to the drawing board again. That's when I found Pitbull Pest Control because of all the great reviews they have on here.Chance is the name of the guy who does my exterminating with Pitbull and he's great! Very thorough, always wearing a smile. He shows up on time like clockwork once a month. A little while back, there were black widows near the mailboxes and I got worried because I have 2 little dogs that I really care about. I was scared because I heard that when those spiders start multiplying they do so quickly and someone said that they could start hiding out in my bushes. I envisioned my dogs getting too close and getting bitten which would kill them and no way I'm gonna let that go down! Not on my watch! I called up Pitbull Pest Control and the next day they sent someone out free of charge to spray that area. Great company! I love that they have the organic stuff that they can spray on the inside and that all of their stuff is pet-safe. They have been my pest control company of choice since a little after I first moved to Vegas thanks to my discovering them on Yelp and I've yet to have an issue other than the black widow thing. And that wasn't even on my actual property line so technically it was nothing wrong that they did and not their fault. I'm just guilty of being an overprotective dog mommy and decided that you can never be too careful. I'm thankful they still obliged me. And for that I give them 5 stars. Plus, now that I can officially count on them, my abandonment issues I had from the last people up and vanishing have gone away. No years of therapy needed. Haha! Dr. Death was his name... I still wonder to this day if that dude died or something. So strange!
5	I had a company who said I had termites. The treatment was going to be costly. I wanted a second opinion so I called Pitbull Pest Control. They came out the next day for me and Daniel was amazing. He explained everything to me step by step and used language that I understood. Guess what.... no termites for me. Pitbull has rid my house of a black widow infestation as well as an ant problem I had for years with the other company. When pigeons took over my roof, they came out and no more flying rats for me.  The greatest part is no matter who you talk to at the company, they are educated about bugs, the products and services offered. Great job Pitbull. Their products are pet friendly and eco - friendly as well.  My entire family uses their service now. I highly recommend Pitbull.
5	When we moved into our new house it was infested with every bug you could think of. A good friend recommended Pitbull Pest control and I'm glad he did. We have been using their service for 4 months now and haven't seen a single bug. The techs who come out are very knowledgable and don't just spray and go but take the time to find out what kind of bugs, any trouble areas and answer any questions about if it's safe for my child and pets with complete answers and not just "don't worry". I have recommended them to other people who ask about pest control. Bottom line is they are very efficient, affordable and highly professional.
5	Have used Pitbull pest control for years! Daniel is a superb technician with an incredible knowledge base. Moved into a place that was absolutely infested with roaches. After only the first treatment they were almost completely non existent! Thank you!
5	Awesome, awesome, awesome! Came out next day and Chance was fantastic! Super informative!
