4	My friend wanted to take me here after we both decided on having sushi for dinner.  It has a pretty trendy interior and a nice casual outdoor area.  We sat outside and started out with some edamame.  We ordered up 4 rolls, 2 in which were deep fried in the tempura batter. I can't remember the names of them, but I do remember that we ordered one called the firecracker, and one that had the chli lime sauce drizzled on it, and another that had lobster in it.  I think that I should have only ordered one of the tempura battered rolls because it would have made the experience more unique, and I think I would have appreciated it more.  Anyways my favorite was the one with the chili lime sauce with sprinklied tempura crumbs around it.  Our waitress was decent.  She didn't come off as being genuine as to whether or not we liked the food, and seemed preoccupied with other thoughts.  The owner was very nice and attentive.  He seems to make his way around to be available to the customers, and even gets things when your waitress isn't around for you to ask.  I like this place, but I want to try other sushi spots as well.  The prices of the sushi is comparable to Chicago.  The ambiance is very laid back and chill.  I wouldn't describe it as being romantic.  I think they also have happy hour specials that go on Monday - Saturdays  from 3-6pm (not positve on the hours).  Unfortunately we were there on Sunday.  I wouldn't mind coming here for a happy hour.
4	I was not a fan of sushi or sea food period until I tried this place! I had the wicked roll which had crab in it and was set a top a sauce that was to die for! Also their alcoholic beverages are worth the price. I will definitely be going back. The restaurant itself is kind of small and decor is modern. Overall I highly recommend this place if you are looking for an intimate, hip place to dine.
3	I went to Celsius when they first opened and I was impressed.  Unfortunately, I think they've gone down hill a bit since then.  It's probably been around 3 years since my initial visit, and I've been a handful of times since then - both to eat in and to take out.  I have to say, my most recent experience was very average.  The service was ridiculously slow, and the quality of the rolls we ordered was just mediocre. I was with 2 friends and all of our food came out at different times.  We had 2 servers taking care of us, but even between the two of them, they could not manage to keep our waters filled.  We ordered a variety of sushi including an order of salmon sashimi, a spicy tuna handroll, a tuna maki roll, futomaki, and another of their specialty rolls.  We also had a couple of miso soups and a salad.  I love sushi, and it's rare for me to allow extra sushi to go to waste, but last night, none of us wanted to finish the 6 or 8 extra pieces that lay on the table in front of us.  I think that is a sign that it was not so amazing...Anyways, the place was packed, and it's nice that they have a patio, but Celsius could probably stand to brush up on their service.  I can't complain too much though; it was $56 total for 3 of us; not bad for sushi!  However, I probably will not rush back to Celsius... I would probably choose to go to Malee's, Pure, or Sushi Brokers before returning. It's not bad, but just average, blah, mediocre, so-so.  I think you get the point!
4	I went here for their reverse happy hour after I played tennis and wanted a bit of sushi before I went to bed.  I had the yellowtail sashimi and it was fresh and the slices large.  Atmosphere is casual and serves the neighborhood well.
4	Hubby and I really do love this place and we love to sit right at the sushi bar and watch them making the rolls.If any of you like hot and spicy, they have a few rolls here that are to die for!  OMG the Vegas roll is my favorite and the firecracker roll is my hubbies favorite.We've loved it every time we've come here -- keep up the good work guys!
4	I've been to Celsius a number of times and I've always enjoyed the food. The service has been uneven from time to time but I usually am at the Sushi Bar and when ever I'm at the Sushi bar, I meet new people and I guess I forget about how long my meal is taking. Don't get me wrong, this is a big part of my experience, that is the "art of service". But again, for some reason, the Sushi bar is to meet new people and time does not seem to matter. They have a great assortment of sushi and sashimi and Joe C the owner has always been attentive to me as well as suggesting items from the menu. He has a comprehensive menu and it describes all the items and I find that helpful. I also think the price is right. Let's be honest here....Sushi is expensive. Try it, I think you will like it.
5	I work/live about 10 minutes away and some weeks am at Celsius 3-4 times.  I love this place.Simply put, the food/experience here is always fun and great.When you first come into the bar, you notice the black floor and the nice sized aquarium on the right.  Then you're quickly greeted by "the hot hostess of the day" and shown a table.  I normally get a seat in the back because I like to see the TV screen that displays a closed circuit video feed of what the sushi chef is preparing behind the counter.  Nifty.The ambiance is pretty damn hip.  Hip like, you can't help but feel cool sitting there because the bar has a big wall of alcohol, there's a nice aquarium sitting tall enough to admire from across the room (and out of reach of chopstick wielding children), the black floor gives the place a club-like feel and the music is chosen by the employees which helps convey the overall "with it" vibe of the entire bar.The food itself is great too.  Although I'm allergic to shellfish I can always find something good to eat here.  Off the top of my head, I'd recommend the following:* the bomb* vegetable tempura with a side of rice* the seaweed salad (it always tastes crisp and fresh)* the Valentine roll* the Frankenjin rollOne of the best things about this place is it's OPEN LATE!!  These guys are hardcore and don't shut down until midnight so if Delux is too far away and you want something other than In & Out - swing by Celsius.  And ladies, if you're single - all the chefs are too.  haha!
5	The lack of decent sushi bar in the Desert Ridge/Tatum Ranch area was sore on the area. Celsius is the ointment! This place is great. There were very few if any nearby sushi options worth trying, ie Ten. Which if you read Richard Z's review, I was there, it was that bad. But back to the place at hand. The happy hour here, albeit short and a little early is cheap and filling. It goes from 3-6, but they do have a reverse as well from 10-close. I remember eating there with someone during happy hour for a quick dinner, sans drinks. We walked out of there after getting 2 Spicy Crab, 2 Spicy Tuna, and a Crunchy Special(not on HH), stuffed and for under $20, before tip. The sushi is always consistent, consistently great. The Crunchy Special is my favorite. Tempura shrimp, crab mix, cucumber, covered in eel sauce and tempura flakes. I want some now just writing about it. They have regular Asian type food as well for the non-sushi eaters. Which is decent. Service there has always been spot on as well. You can watch the sushi chef making rolls behind the counter via a camera and monitor mounted on top of the bar. They have a fine selection of beers and sake. They also have a pineapple infused vodka sitting in a big glass jug on top of the bar. I have been told it is good. Seating inside can be a little tight, but they do have a patio which is perfect in the spring and early summer, especially at night. Go check this place out. It is near Desert Ridge, but you don't have to deal with the ridiculous parking.
2	I was excited to see a new little sushi spot in the area. The sushi was pretty good, and the drinks were good. (you can't go wrong with that) The service was horribly lacking. To think that at such a small restaurant and three servers can't handle a handful of tables, shows that management must be lacking as well. My servers name was Bebe, I think. She seemed like she was having a bad day, I could see it written all over her face. So that attitude portrayed through her service. I asked for two refills of my hot tea (the cups were pretty small) and she rolled her eyes and started gossiping to another server about it. Geez, did I do something wrong? I would think not!The sushi chefs were friendly at the least, and the sushi wasn't the best i've had, but good.  i had the valentine roll, nothing too special but good. My favorite was the spider roll, and the yellowtail sashimi.. Those were pretty good as well. The prices are not too expensive and very competitive at least.I would give this place 3 stars but because of the lack or service, I gave it 2 stars. My favorite place till this day is Hiro sushi...
4	Celsius is a solid neighborhood sushi bar. I have been here quite a few times and really enjoy sitting at the sushi bar, especially when Joe (the owner) is there! He does a great job of expanding my sushi horizons by offering samples of new and fresh items to taste! As Larry said, the service can be a bit iffy at times, but at the bar I always have a good experience. One other great thing, since my BF is gluten free, Joe has been working on creating great GF sauces, like Ponzu, Eel Sauce etc, to accommodate those who can't have any wheat. They also have Tamari, in addition to regular soy sauce for GF guests. They have regular and reverse happy hour every day, plus an all day happy hour on Saturday which you can't beat. Their drink selection is great and there is always a special on wines and/or cocktails. Enjoy!
5	Great Atmosphere, good setting for large or small families, excellent sushi, with a lot of choices for people who are fond of sushi. Now they just need to open another location in California.
5	This is a great, non-chain sushi bar.  Their happy hour is hard to beat and they only make their sushi to order.  The atmosphere and ambiance is that of what I expect from a sushi bar.  My absolute favorite roll is the Vegas Roll with sweet eel sauce and this is one of the rolls that is half off during happy hour.  I believe they are still doing the all day happy hour on Saturday.  I'm craving their sushi and it's only 8:30am.
4	Update: As of Feb 2010 this place closed because the owners got in a bitch fight.I live right next door to this place at Shade.  I go often enough, great happy hour.  Prices are pretty cheap ($5ish for the various happy hour sushi rolls), service is pretty fast, and it's great that it's locally owned and not a chain restaurant.  Only "negative" comment is it' is a bit small inside, hard to accommodate large groups of more than 8, and even that is pushing it if they are busy.  If you can go before everyone gets off work, it's pretty quiet in there, and fun to sit at the sushi bar as well.
3	This place is nothing spectacular, but the food is one aspect that remains consistently good. It normally happens that it's hit or miss with sushi restaurants, but everything I've had here has had a steady "good but not great" factor. The staff is a little standoff-ish, but aren't un-friendly. If I go there for any one thing, it would have to be the Las Vegas roll. They make a mean eel sauce! They managed to create the perfect balance in the roll that most other sushi restaurants never seem to grasp. The great thing about the food is they're definitely not afraid to give you enough sushi for your buck. The prices are relatively affordable for sushi in the area and you get pretty sizable portions! This place is good for the simple sushi lovers out there.
3	They have a killer deal during their "happy hour"; most sushi is half price.  Happy hour starts in the mid-afternoon, about 3 or 4pm.  Check the restaurant for the time.Why does every restaurant that tries to be trendy think they have to play loud music?  The restaurant is cozy, with outdoor seating and a blue-colored theme.The sushi is standard-fare; On request, the sushi chef made me a small orange-inspired desert shaped as a picnic basket.It's your only choice for sushi in the immediate Desert Ridge shopping area now that Malee's has closed.I always have a craving for a sweet and cold coffee drink after sushi, so it's nice that Starbucks is close-by.
5	I am a sushi fan. We visit family in the Pheonix area a few times a year and now go to Celsius every time we go. The sushi is great!!. We ask the sushi chef to make us something special and he (Joe) always makes us an amazing assortment of sushi.  He makes sushi that we never tried before with varieties that we have not found in any other sushi restaurants.  Next time, I will take pictures. A very, very creative chef. It is a shame that we don't have a sushi bar like this in the bay area. It would  be awesome. Yum.
4	Some of the best most creative sushi in town.  I love their rolls. Very pleasant atmosphere, friendly staff.  Nice selection of drinks. Owner/chef is great!
4	Its been a hot minute since I have been to Celsius. As a matter of fact, the last time I was there was back in Feb, right before Valentine's day and it was because my apt complex was holding a function at this location. I am not gonna lie although I do remember that the sushi was good, however the waiter we had was cute and made my experience so much better.  YUM!So with that said, the sushi was good, the beer was cold, and the company I was with was great. Not bad for a sushi place. I must get back over there and visit again soon. I doubt my cute waiter is still there but it sure was fun flirting with him
4	Despite the fact that the sushi bar stools are for midgets and they gave me a dirty wine glass, it is quite possible that the sushi chefs at Celsius fed me the most wonderful sushi I've ever had in Phoenix. I tried the Spicy Yellow Tail, Spicy Tuna, Soft Shell Crab, Crunchy Special & one other Roll that I cant remember. All of it was superb. The fish were fresh, the spice was just enough, the size of the rolls were perfect (I hate it when I cant fit the whole thing in my mouth...) and I literally couldn't stop eating it. That's when you know you've found a gem- when you cant put your chopsticks down. I'm glad too because I have been waiting a long time to find a sushi spot here in the valley that I actually enjoy going to.Now if only @CelsiusSushiBar would start updating their Twitter with promised daily specials!!
2	Not so good.  I had a spicy tuna cut roll.  Nearly 50% of this was filled with cucumber which is way too much.  Also the cucumber was not fresh and had no 'crunch'.  I am extremely knowledgeable and picky when it comes to raw fish and the yellowtail sushi was also just ok.  There's got to be better places in town.
2	It's like the star rating, "Meh, I've experienced much better."  I only liked their nice little patio, it looked very cozy. We came here for lunch, but then decided to order takeouts.Nobody came to greet us when we walked in; it's not even that busy. We actually had to walk to the sushi bar and ask for a memu. I ordered a shrimp tempura roll with a side of edamame, my friend ordered their specialty Vegas roll. It took about 15 mins to get the two rolls ready when the place was pretty empty.The taste was just average, sushi rice was VERY sticky! And when we opened our box, my shrimp tempura roll was all by itself with some wasabi, no soy sauce packages; and my friend's Vegas roll was with some eel sauce, no soy sauce nor wasabi. How are we supposed to eat??? And the menu described warm soy beans,,,my edamame was really cold and had water dripping....
4	Bad news...this place is closed! Sorry folks! No mas!
3	Was aright, but I had better food.Overpriced while it lasted.
