4	You really have to be looking for this place to find it, but it's definitely worth checking out.  It's located in Neonopolis just west of the Heart Attack Grill.The place is tiny and cute, and the food is classified as Mediterranean, and made to order.  Menu items include: pitas, skewers, soup (gazpacho, lobster bisque), sandwiches, coffee, gelato, and assorted other desserts.I decided to try the lobster bisque; the soup was pretty good - It's rare to see lobster bisque on a menu in Vegas, and it was just what I wanted now that the weather is getting cooler.Since the place is so small, it's only natural to strike up a conversation with the other patrons since you're practically sitting together, which is a refreshing change from the surrounding bars and casino restaurants.If you come across this place, stop in and check it out.
4	I really hope they advertise to the rest of the downtown residents bc THIS PLACE IS GREAT! The owner Renatto is awesome, and really wants you to have an excellent experience. You have to try the scallop kabobs with couscous and the strawberry gelato pita! Also, they're open with full kitchen until midnight and you can byob :) I'll definitely be going back soon!
5	I had only an hour before I had to leave for the airport and all the fried food, secondhand smoke, and noise of Las Vegas had gotten to me. I needed an oasis. That's where Fremont Mediterranean came to my rescue. It is so calm and peaceful in here, that my rushed feelings of getting to the airport and back to reality vanished while here and I stayed close to a quarter hour longer than I had intended. Of course that was also because of the food.Finally, I had found some fresh, healthy food full of vegetables!. I was so excited to see a beet salad on the menu. Their's is with golden beets, sliced toasted almonds and fresh goat cheese, with a wonderful vinaigrette over lettuce. YUM! I had to have the baba ganoush too, which is served with warn pita. I couldn't eat all of either one of them because of the generous portions though the salad I ordered was the small size and the baba was an appetizer.  My friend had a wonderful fatoush salad and dubbed it the best she had ever had. It had lots of fresh greens, and fried pieces of pita. The staff here are so helpful and friendly. You can tell they are passionate about the food. The cashier exclaimed,"yum!" when I ordered the baba, and the guy who took our cleaned plates was so happy my friend loved the fatoush.Definitely stop in here for some great, fresh food and a relaxing atmosphere, if you are on Fremont Street.
2	Stopped in for some Gelato for my nephew since it was so hot out. I understand this stuff melts, but why did it seem like it was melting before she scooped it? the gelato did not look appetizing one bit.
4	Even with all the casinos around, when you're downtown every day like me, the lunch choices for a non-tourist are scarce. Believe it or not I don't really want a buffet or $6.99 prime rib Monday-Friday. This new little cafe popped up and gave me another option to explore. Let me begin with the couscous. YUM! I could just eat a plate of that and be done with it. The chicken skewer is tasty and the sides of veggies, pita and gyro sauce is more than enough for lunch. I had the gyro platter last time, also delicious. That's also when I began my couscous love affair. The menu has a good variety. Not the cheapest lunch in town but the portions make up for it. The staff is really nice and checks up on you as you enjoy your meal. They offer gelato but I have yet to try it. Go try it, even if it's just for a little snack of pita and sauce, so yummy. I hope this place makes it in the sometimes dicey shadow of Neonopolis.
1	Awful experience. Put a to-go order in about an hour ago and still waiting. While waiting, watched one person send back their order because it was wrong. They waited another 20 minutes for the revised order. Just watched the cashier get 'fountain drink' for a customer...she cracked open a CAN of diet soda and poured it in the glass. Shall I go on? I could have gone to the mediterranean and gotten a meal there faster than waiting for this place. How hard is it to make a wrap???
4	Just had my first meal here, and my 4 stars are based only on the Greek salad and the chicken kebab. The Greek salad was excellent - the feta was superb quality and even the tomatoes were great! The chicken in the kebab was cooked to perfection with a crisp exterior. I was given the choice of couscous or rice and chose the former which had hearty grains and was very tasty. The pita was fresh and not greasy. I'll definitely be back or just have it delivered. So glad to have another good place to eat downtown!
5	I was in the downtown area for a court case and wandered in with family for lunch. I had the gyro pita and it was great. They must sautee the meat because it was kind of crunchy and I really enjoyed that. My family members had the falafel pita and a lamb pita. Both were also excellent. They also let us try some flavors of gelato and they were all amazing! My personal favorite was coconut. But the passion fruit was nice as well and they mentioned how they use it with champange and if it hadn't been lunch I would have loved to try it. I will definitely go back.
4	After a disappointing experience at Kebab Korner down the street the day before we decided to give Fremont Mediterranean a try. It was so much better! For well under $20 I got the veggie wrap, my husband had the falafel sandwich and we shared a HUGE Greek salad (one of the best I've ever had and they do not skimp on the feta!). The service, atmosphere and food was excellent. I totally recommend this place as a break from the usual greasy junk on Fremont Street.
5	WOW!!!! This place is simply amazing. I grew up in an Arab family, and let me just say how AMAZING this place was. I was definitely not expecting a place like this to even exist here in Las Vegas..... but to my surprise I was wrong. This little place is better than any Mediterranean place here in town, and the prices are pretty fair. Great service, especially from this really nice girl named Jacklyn, she is a doll, and makes the whole experience even more delightful :)I have become addicted to this place!!! It is a MUST TRY, I take all my friends and family here, great place if you are in the mood for some AWESOME arabic authentic  food. What is also great about this place, is not only do they serve mediterranean dishes, but they also serve delicious subs, and many other dishes that are not arabic. Like i said, it is A MUST TRY!!!! SO HAPPY I HAVE FOUND THIS PLACEOh, and let me not forget to mention the ice cream which is also to die for. Authentic Italian Gelato, UNBEATABLE! Best ice cream on the face of the planet :)
5	OMG this place is so good, the food so fresh and cheap and so conveniently close to my job. Go if you love middle eastern food this restaurant is awesome!!
5	It was delicious exactlly what i wanted. some light healthy tasty food.  I will be going back again.  As someone who lives downtown  we need more places  like this
4	My husband and I are on a staycation downtown and during our exploration of the area we discovered tucked away in a corner of an empty shopping center, the Fremont Mediterranean Cafe.  Right in front of the entrance, scaffolding and counter weights for the zip line, what an unpleasant view. but inside, the seating is close and comfortable with cushioned benches that are group together for intimate conversations.  The colors are jewel tone and rich.The menu is huge with everything from wraps, burgers and kabobs, to salads and subs.  We started with an appetizer, the sample platter, which includes falafel, hummus, baba ghanoush, and tzatziki.  It was delicious and generous in portion sizes.For our main entree, I got a beef kabob.  They marinate the kabob in grated onions, herbs, and add a special house seasoning.  It was tender and very good.  The roasted veggies that came with it included zucchini and summer squash, egg plant and there was side of hummus, saffron rice and a grilled pita.  I was getting too full from eating the appetizer, but the food was really good.  What I couldn't eat, my husband finished.  Would recommend to everyone.
1	The food here is okay, I had the lamb kabob and a beet salad.  There are definitely better options around.  I won't be taking the opportunity to find out if other menu items are better as I will not return to this restaurant.  Typical Las Vegas 'service', I ordered my meal to-go, when I got home and opened the bag one of the items I ordered was missing, I called and let them know and they assured me I was wrong and that I should come back and prove to them that it was missing.  No apology and no concern about losing my patronage.  Seems odd to me as there is another Mediterranean place right across the street!  Not a big shock that there were only two other guests in the place.
4	Delicious! After underwhelming food experiences on Fremont Street, this place was a breath of fresh air. Too bad you have to try and find it behind the scaffolding and jersey barriers holding up the zip line. C'mon Fremont Street, can't you come up with a better design so no business has to suffer at the expense of another?
3	While taking a break from the heat and almost endless walking, Freemont Mediterranean Cafe was a great place to have a nice cold drink and chit chat with my friends.
5	Amazing service and hospitality. Honestly the best service I think I've ever had. Food was amazing! Really reasonably priced. Yummy Gelato too.
1	I really loved this place when it opened and was happy to have a high quality sandwich and med place across the street. Unfortunately since originating management has left the place has rapidly gone down hill. My sandwiches are now about 1/2 the meat and less attention to quality as before and the prices have gone up. I sure they will make up in the transient crowds but its sad to see them squeeze every buck versus having consistency and quality. I just paid $7+ for a sandwich that should have cost about $4.50. I wish them luck,  they lost a local.
2	this place was great when it first opened.  since then, quality has gone down, and prices have gone up.  I went there for lunch almost every day a while ago, now I never go.  Hope they wise up and go back to how it used to be, probably not, since tourists will still probably fill this place.  too bad nobody cares about keeping up with quality and keeping local business.  on another note, the couscous is great.
4	I went there with my girlfriend for a late lunch. It was pretty dead, but still a nice cozy place. We got a beef gyro with fries, a lamb burger, and two Sam Adams beers. Total cost was $29.  A little more than I expected, but the food was solid and we were hungry. Well worth it. The wrap for the gyro was absolutely delicious and soaked up all the oil and juices. The fries were thin cut crispy with soft insides; my favorite kind of fries!My girlfriend had the lamb burger with a greek salad. I don't usually like lamb meat because I find the meat too pungent and gamey (people who have had fresh venison or elk will understand what I mean), but this lamb was INCREDIBLE. The best lamb burger I have ever had. They have a little gelatto ice cream station that I really want to try out. Definitely check this place out if you're in the Fremont area.
5	great prices.  nice environment & staff.  the lamb burger is insane: good bun, condiments, and the best habibi secret spices mixed into this thick , juicy patty.  i am picky about lamb meat(not my 1st choice), but this patty rules & i'll get at least 1 everytime i visit fremont st .  nice sweet potato waffle fries option w/the lamb burger
1	The "EEEK!" level rating is because I found a hair curled up inside my falafel. Euuughh.The prices here are insanely high, especially compared to Kabob Korner across the street. My husband actually only went here to get food because the guy at Kabob Korner was too busy to take our order. Not, "We're really busy, so the food will be ready in an hour" but "Come back to actually place your order in a half hour." I have to love the questionable business decisions of Fremont East restaurant owners (see also Le Thai). But I digress.The hummus was good although I do not think it was accompanied by a sufficient quantity of pita. The falafel were kind of soggy and questionable even before I got to the horrifying hair lurking within. And everything is overpriced. Skip this place.
4	Good sandwiches--they hit the spot after eating way too much junk food. They have the usual Mediterranean specialties (wraps, falafel, salads, etc.) plus regular American style subs.
1	It's actually a three-star for food, but negative two stars for the customer service.  First, the food--it was okay.  Nothing special.  My girlfriend and I each had the chicken shawarma plate--hers with couscus, mine with salad.  The salad option, by the way, cost an additional dollar.  Whatever.The service was HORRENDOUS.  First, the girl spilled my friend's dish and didn't clean it up/bring out another napkin/or apologize.  Second, any extra anything costs a dollar.  (I despise being nickled and dimed to death--especially when I'm getting charged eleven dollars for some lettuce and chicken).  But third, and most annoying of all, I DIDN'T ORDER CHICKEN.  I ordered the gyros plate.  When I went in to let the lady know I'd gotten the wrong dish, she advised, "No, you ordered the chicken."  Well, no, I actually know what I ordered, thanks.  There was no offer to fix it.  Nothing.  She advised me that for another three dollars, she'd make me what I ordered (say what, now?!).  I politely declined.  She said, "Is that ok?"  No, ma'am, it is absolutely not ok.And I won't come back.  Kabob Korner it is.  Cheaper and friendlier for the same mediocre grub.
1	Food is ok. For a restaurant on Fremont St there should be more than two people working at 2 in the afternoon in St Patricks day. Took over 30 min to receive food!!  Will not be back.
4	SUPERB! Caprese is out of this world and we had 2 sandwiches the size of a whale. Only draw back was the bread was a bit tough. This is not normal bread tho but the sandwiches had TONS of meat on them. Try this small place. It sure beats anything else on Freemont.
1	First of all, they say they deliver, but when you call, the delivery person is never there.  If you work downtown, and only have one hour, definitely not the place to go for lunch.  The food is far from tasty nor appealing.  They do not get your order right, and the price is high compared to other places on Fremont Street.  I would not suggest this.
4	Great place to get a last minute bite before heading downtown. I usually get a lamb gyro or shawrma and they are both delicious! If i remember correctly you can add a order of fries for an extra dollar and change. Totally great deal especially because your food will be gone so quick.A little bit on the expensive side but the food is made well and the lamb is juicy.
5	Love this place! On my Bday party at Drink and Drag i snuck out and went downstairs to get me some falafel! i am israeli and their falafel is the bomb!!! :P
4	My husband and I stumbled upon this little gem a while back when we were on Fremont doing the the touristy Zip Lines. He was in the mood for a Burger and I wanted Greek. This place satisfied us both. They had a Turkey Pesto Burger that he said was tender and juicy and "all the good things a Burger should be". I ventured out and had the Lamb Shawarma Pita. It was love at first bite. The lamb was tender and the sauce made me long for more when it was all gone. We came in here late and noticed several of the local Fremont performers (such as the Bumblebee Transformer) were dining here. We got to chat with them and had a great time. The staff was hilarious. I thought the prices were great for Downtown Las Vegas especially for a healthier option than the usual greasy food.
3	In a town like Vegas you wouldn't think that there would be a problem getting eats downtown 24/7, however I ran into this predicament on Sunday. Le Thai, Chicago Joe's, Rachael's and Eat., among others, were all closed. Casino restaurant takeout seemed odd, so I checked ye ole Yelp app for options and up came Freemont Mediterranean Cafe.  After ordering over the phone, I checked on the exact location and started on a trail of "Oh sh*t" statements...."Oh sh*t, it's IN the FSE" "Oh sh*t, wtf is the Neonopolis?!""Oh sh*t, I can't find it. Where is this place and why is the middle of Neonopolis a dead zone where no one can hear you scream?""Found it! Oh sh*t, why is it empty?""Oh sh*t, how is my order $28?"OK, enough with the cussing. The order was ready when I arrived (20 min after I called) and the staff was friendly. I rocked a chicken shawarma pita pocket and a large greek salad with gyro meat. The shawarma was solid: tender pieces of chicken in a not-to-thick tahini sauce and veggies in a pita. I crushed it in maaaaybe 4 minutes. The problem? It was $9. Ouch. $5 should be the price tag on this bad boy. Even the famous Mamoun's in NYC only charges $6. At $14, the salad was a bit much as well. The gyro meat was decent and plentiful, but the rest was an average greek salad. In my book, this meal wasn't worth the dough.
5	I researched this place before our trip, and based on the positive reviews, my wife & I stopped in for a late dinner this past weekend.She got the salmon kabob plate, and I got the chicken gyro.  Both were just about the best we've ever had, including our stay in Athens several years ago!We were jonesing to try other menu items after a show the next night.  She got the Greek salad, while I got more salmon kabobs to share and the chicken gyro.  It was a LOT of food!  We ate ourselves into a stupor, but what a way to go!We went back for breakfast the next morning before our trip home.   She got the Fattouch salad with grilled shrimp & I got the chicken kabob plate.   YUM!!!   The prices aren't cheap, but the staff is very helpful.  I believe the owner & her Mom waited on us the first two times.  They were very sweet during our visits.  The salmon kabobs are AMAZING!!!  Actually, everything we tried was better than most places we've been to.  The tzatziki is creamy with chunks of cucumber, and the hummus tastes homemade.Given that the heart attack grill is next door, this is the much better option.
4	Great little spot to grab a bite. This was my second time. I had the lamb pita pocket something or other on my first trip and it was good. On my second trip I had the veggie bowl, add lamb. The sign is a little misleading as it says that the bowls are $5.99 ( I think) and you have your choice of veggie, chicken or etc. However, at the register she is very clear about asking if you would like to add Lamb or chicken for a charge. I did and I'm glad that I did. It was really good and worth the $9 or $10. It is a quick and easy healthy option for downtown. Also, the staff is great. I really liked the girl behind the counter, and not just becuase she said my name reminded her of a movie star. She's cute, friendly, confident and seems like she doesn't take any crap. She's got a great sense of humor and I had a good time while I was there. At first I thought the only alcohol they served were these little togo wine glasses. They seem cute but I wasn't in a wine mood. I guess I never looked up, becuase they clearly have all the beers lined up on the top shelf. Anyway thank goodness for that because it was well past beer thirty when we got there. Pro tip: Bathrooms are for customers only, so you need a code to get in. Also, you can call ahead for your order if you are in a hurry.
4	Great small spot that we went into just because. I had the Mediterranean bowl and it was perfect. For a low price to get such great food, I'm glad to have been!
5	Wow. what a great little place. In the midst of greasy burgers and cheap hotdogs, it was refreshing to find delicious good on the cheap. I ordered the chicken kabobs with rice, pita, and hummus on the side. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and the pita warm and satisfying. The portions were large. My husband ordered a burger and fries. Both were also delicious. The staff were very friendly, refilled our glasses, brought what we needed out to our table. Great late night meal in a cozy corner. We will be back.
4	Came to Vegas for my Birf'day and whilst walking around after having a few cocktails and feeling a bit hungry, my friend and I came across this place and decided to try it out. The food was horribly......delicious! OMG, this was some bomb food. The pieces of meat on the kabobs were ginormous! I got one chicken and one steak and both were flavored very well and were juicy. Came with pita bread slices and also some couscous which was really tasty and plentiful. We both liked our food so much we came back the next day. I got the chicken wings and fries special. I asked and he said about 5-6 wings came with the order.....pretty sure there was 8. Pretty decent amount of food for $6.95. And besides the food being really good, the woman that runs the place, didn't catch her name, but skinny with a pixie hair cut and a tattoo going down her back, was very nice, very friendly and loved to engage all of her customers in some banter. When we left the first night I told her, "I'd come back again for the food because it was great, but your personality is what seals the deal!" Better than any chain Greek place....sorry Daphne's! If I lived in Vegas, I'd be a regular.
4	I've tried the Beef Kabob, Lamb Burger, and the turkey sub. The food is very affordable and the portions are large. Yes, order fries with what ever you get. :)They hook if up for Zappos employees! Scale of 1 - 5Food: 4Service: 5Portions: 5
5	This place is great. I had a chicken kebab with a side of cous cous. I could barely finish it all (and I showed up starving). The food was excellent. The guy at the register was extremely nice. The prices are cheap for Vegas. Plus, if you show up late enough, you'll meet some interesting characters. I will definitely go back next time I'm in town.  It's a gem in a town filled with chains and overpriced restaurants selling atmosphere.
2	I believe the name has changed to Cous Cous.  I think they have new owners & chefs.  the lamb burger spices have changed for the lesser .  doubt I will return.  I don't like the last 2 new cashiers I've delt with.
5	After sharing a burger at the heart attack hell next door, we needed something healthy and refreshing to eat. We had the tabbouleh and Gyro and some falafel. All was delicious and the owner was so nice and helpful. Prices are VERY fair for Vegas too.
5	Fresh, tasty food, reasonable prices, and friendly service: great little cafe!The Fremont Mediterranean Cafe, located towards the end of the pedestrian-only part of Fremont Street near the Neonopolis Mall, was a welcome discovery during my recent visit to the city.  In fact, I would probably say that it was my all-around best dining experience in Vegas.Towards the end of a long day walking, drinking, and gambling my way through downtown Las Vegas, I required sustenance-- and preferably something somewhat healthy, quick, and affordable.  Luckily I happened to stumble upon this place which fit the bill perfectly (and in stark contrast to the Heart Attack Grill, which is just a couple of doors down).  The falafel sandwich I ordered here was huge, delicious, and a great value at $6.  A mistake at the counter resulted in my sandwich being given to another customer, but the waitress was very apologetic and treated me to a free baklava for the additional wait.  Good stuff!  And really, having window seat facing out on Fremont Street was entertaining enough that I hardly noticed the time pass anyway :)
5	We stumbled upon this place when looking for somewhere affordable for lunch. What a great decision! My husband and I both got the gyro plate (for $9.95), which comes with fries. The fried were crispy and delicious. They look like McDonald's fries, but taste much better and less greasy. The gyro is warm and delicious. The pita bread tastes very fresh and is warm. Very good gyros! The workers are also very kind. We got a bottle of water, which they forgot to bring us. When they realized their mistake, they brought us both bottles of water instead of bringing just the one. The place is cute and very clean. Nice atmosphere right on Fremont!
5	Great little place with an extensive menu, tasty and healthier options than around in the Fremont street experience.  The cashier was very nice and personable.  I will go there again.
5	This place has such good gyros!! Such a great find. We were here on New Years and tried their special which was amazing. The service is also friendly and knows a lot about local attractions. Will definitely come again.
4	I love this place.It is exactly what you think it is, a healthy place to grab a bite to eat. The staff is awesome, always friendly and patient with my take out orders I pick up later than I say I will most of the time. If you are eating in it has a great little vibe. Its small and cozy. The food is exactly what I want every time and delicious. I never get tired of it, even though I order the chicken chipotle wrap almost every time. If you are looking for a quick healthy bite this is the place.
5	I was walking down Fremont Street, anxiously looking for something to eat. I spied upon a brewhouse pub. I asked The door man if they had food. He said, "no. But they have excellent food right here." He pointed to this unassuming Mediterranean restaurant. Since I am trying to lose weight, I was trying to avoid the hamburgers and greasy fried food that is everywhere.  The menu at Cous Cous is fairly simple with the obvious mediterranean   food. It also includes salads, wraps, sandwiches, and burgers.  I ordered hummus and a chicken gyro. Both were delicious! The pita bread was warm and soft the chicken was deliciously seasoned and not overcooked and the hummus was tangy flavorful.  I will definitely be going backHowever, my favorite part of the restaurant was the people. Our server/host/entertainer, Joshua, was absolutely delightful! In summary, this was an excellent dining experience for not a lot of money.  Oh, The beer next-door was really really good too. But I'll save that for my next review :)
5	Love this place!!! Clean restaurant and nice decor, friendly staff and great food! If you want a healthy alternative downtown this is the place!! Ironically it is next door to the Heart Attack Grill, so make the easy choice and head here instead!
5	Nice and cozy place right in Neonopolis next to the brewery. Friendly staff, many healthy options on the menu which is a little bit hard to find in the area. I had the veggie bowl an it was really good. Prices quite reasonable too.
5	Joshua was amazing..and the food where do I start I haven't ate at a better place in Vegas.  From the atmosphere to the food to the server it was the best experience I have ever had.... Joshua is absolutely a great person to have working in your establishment. ..even with the craziest people...his patience and service was outstanding! !!
5	Very awesome customer service...as Joshua was taking orders and serving but made sure every customer felt welcome even though he had to deal with a rowdy couple...who he treated with respect and tended to their gripes...as they had to much to drink....they thanked him for everything....even if the food wasn't that great I would return because of Joshua..... but lo and behold the food was great
5	As a customer and as a person who deals With customers all day, Joshua was absolutely phenomenal..to top it off the food was the best fresh and delicious!!!  Will return....
5	If you want a deliciously perfect, healthy meal the way to go is cous cous, I work around the area and manage to eat there at least once week. The menu is extensive with variety and never let's me down!! Falafel is perfect, salads are huge and the entire staff is very friendly! Jessica is the biggest sweetheart and always has a smile for everyone, if you want a tasty friendly meal in downtown Las Vegas this is the place!!
5	Came here after flying in and was very hungry. After wandering, this place caught our eye. the women behind the counter was hustleing and very friendly, made suggestions which was nice.  I got the falafel wrap which was tasty and a great price. Beers were dollar off on weekends. This place is great on the tsate buds and wallet, highly recommend.
5	Jessica recommended an item on the menu and my New favorite is the chipotle chicken wrap!!!!! Any chicken/healthy eater/ spicy lover this is what you want!
5	I was recently in Vegas with my mother to deal with some family business and we ended up at Cous Cous Mediterranean Cafe for lunch one day.  My mom had been stressed out and was trying to relax when Joshua Burkett, (one of?) the assistant manager(s?) came out and started chatting with us.  He listened to her troubles and concerns while our food was being cooked, offered a drink to help with the stress, and then stayed and continued to chat as we ate.  That is not to say that he neglected the duties of his job.  He would occasionally walk off to take care of business, but he would come back and lend an empathetic ear.  By the end of our meal, it felt like we had made a friend.  He went so above and beyond the call of duty in offering us customer service that I felt it needed to be recognized here.  The food itself was tasty.  I am vegan and was glad to find a place that catered to my needs with a minimum of special ordering.  It also happened to be one of the healthiest meals we had on this trip.  I would try to visit again if I ever return to Vegas, and its location on Fremont Street makes it convenient as a restaurant stop when gambling.
5	Great place for a quick bite while walking down Freemont street!  It's clean and quiet with comfortable indoor and outside seating.  There are tv's on the wall and free wi-fi. The staff is very friendly and helpful.  If you like Mediterranean food, they have some of the best baba ghanoush I've ever had.  It's creamy with a lot of garlic; very good if you like garlic.  The falafel is crunchy on the outside with lots of chick pea and cilantro flavor on the inside.  The prices are very reasonable.  I got a sampler platter for $10.
4	Cous Cous Mediterranean Cafe is awesome. I'm glad that we are getting more diverse food options in the heart of downtown. I had the gyro bowl and it was excellent.
5	Great chicken kabob and shawarma! Great lunch place if you're by downtown. They are always friendly.
3	Meh. That's the best I can come up with for this place. I really wanted something other than Mexican food or burgers so this was a welcome option. The falafel pita sandwich was a pita filled with questionable lettuce, very tahini rich sauce and overly deep fried falafel patty. I expected more but didn't get it.
5	Great little Mediterranean place on Freemont Street. It's authentic Mediterranean food and the atmosphere of the restaurant is in sync with it's food offerings. I loved the falafel & the hummus!
4	Cute little place on fremont street, we just kinda stumbled upon it walking down fremont street, right under the giant zipline slot machine... gyros were AMAZING, good service and they had a 2 for 1 beer special that night which was nice esp on fremont!
5	Get the falafel!!!The falafel is amazing!!the best in vegas!!!
5	Excellent food. Amazingly friendly staff. Went there with a larger group that hadn't been there and everyone thoroughly enjoyed what they got. The wraps were monstrous. The shawarma was deliciously messy. The baklava had a great bite to it. Would eat there again anytime.
4	I'm in love! And I'm just talkin about the buffy cashier from Canada ;b The food here is delish!! I recommend the sampler plate if you haven't acquired a taste for Mediterranean food. Have to point out that it's probably the most healthiest spot to eat if you're on a diet or simply eat well- not too greasy or fried foods. And veggie meals, wraps, salads etc as well. The staff is super friendly. Small seating area but all the more to get to know the people you're sitting next too :b
5	Wandered in late night to get take out and the staff greated me warmly. Ordered a gyro and it took under ten minutes and was piping hot and just the way I ordered it! Staff attended to dine in patrons graciously also.I will definitely return and recommend this to everyone!
4	MASSIVE sandwiches, and so delicious. Definitely stop in here if you're around Fremont street! Try the Philly with bacon if you wanna get crazy.
3	This place has upgraded itself, possibly even changing owners, and the schwarma is improved.  The eating area is small but the gal at the counter was able to handle multiple customers and still clean the empty plates off the tables.  The pita was thick and tasty as opposed to the small flat crunchy pita at other places and the couscous were like little pearls.  It wasn't super overpriced either considering it is in the most crowded part of freemont.  I had the gyro plate.  It came with an ample but not too large portion of schwarma and 4 quarters of a pita with some raw onions, cooked peppers and cous cous.  The schwarma was tender with a subtle flavor.  All in all, a solid 3.5 stars.
5	First of all, very nice and very attentive staff for a small eatery. Food is very good, particularly the toasted cous cous. Prices are reasonable, which is hard to find in Vegas. It's tucked right next to The Heart Attack Grill, so it could be missed. If you're a fan of Mediterranean, you won't be disappointed here. Portions are good, not too much, not too little. Free refills on drinks too!
4	This is THE hidden gem on Fremont Street. The owner and staff are so friendly. I've been there three times for lunch in the last two weeks. Yes, it's THAT good. Twice I ordered the shrimp skewers plate. Both times, the shrimp were cooked perfectly! The plate comes with hummus (I think it's a red bell pepper hummus), pita, veggies, and Israeli couscous.... Oh, that couscous. It is SO GOOD! I've made couscous several times and each time, it comes out quite bland. This place works some magic on the couscous because it is really flavorful!The last time I went, I ordered the lentil soup. Upon first sight, I didn't think I'd be impressed. The broth was watery and the lentils whole. I was expecting more like a split-pea soup. But the soup was hearty and delicious. Would highly recommend Cous Cous! (And they serve beer and wine. Bonus.)
2	Let me preface by saying I am middle eastern and very familiar with the cuisine. I almost ordered a gyros sandwich, but noticed a customer eating gyros and realized that it was those paper thin frozen gyros. So I ordered the beef shawarma pita pocket and my husband ordered a falafel wrap. His wrap was filled with veggies, tahini sauce and 2.5 falafels!! You get more falafels in an appetizer! The beef shawarma pita had slightly more meat (all at the bottom of the sandwich), but the spice on the beef shawarma was different, and not in a good way. For those 2 sandwiches and a small drink, we paid $25 and were hungry again in an hour. I understand we're in vegas, but that was soo not worth it. I can't figure out why this place has so many positive reviews.
5	The food was incredible. I ordered a gyro and it was awesome. I am glad  I am local, so I can go back again! The staff was friendly and the place was very clean. This is hit with me and my husband. I will be telling friends.
5	Wow, this is our second time eating here and it was every bit as good as the first. Food is so good, service is so so friendly and professional. Definitely a staple any time we're on Fremont. I had the classic burger, Katie had the falafel wrap. I might have finished hers.
4	Great service and food! What more can I say. If you like Mediterranean food you will love this gem on Fremont.
4	REALLY great service and great food! A great little place to grab food downtown. It's easy to miss as it's tucked next to the Heart Attack Grill next to the stairs. Had a gyro and the dolmades. Good stuff!!! They've got a nice outdoor patio too, for the days when sitting outside is tolerable.
2	I was pretty disappointed after my dinner at Couscous tonight. I went with my family-- five adults and two children-- and we all ordered dinner and appetizers. My salad was nothing like the menu description and came with--get this-- quartered BabyBel minis instead of goat cheese. I stated to the server, "I thought this came with goat cheese," and he responded that it WAS goat cheese. Really dude? I mean, tell me you ran out. Tell me it was a mistake. Tell me pretty much ANYTHING, but don't lie to me. I know what freakin' goat cheese tastes like. My Mother had lamb that she said was incredibly tough. The hummus and baba ghanouj  were mediocre. Meh. It happens. Afterward, we were listening to a street musician a few yards from the door when the server ran out hollering about us not paying... except we did pay and had the receipt to prove it. I'm not outraged, the service was fairly friendly, but the food was a bummer and the fibbing waiter left me unwilling to spend my money at Couscous again.
5	While staying in downtown Vegas for a couple of days I almost went bananas trying to find something just decent and healthy to eat. Thank god we found this place. Everything we tried was fresh, tasty and at good prices. I give it 5 stars because being in Vegas downtown, there is simply no other alternative for good (I mean REALLY good) food for this price. Unbeatable value.
5	Fantastic gyros one of the best I've ever eaten. The service is fantastic so friendly and so accommodating they really care alot
4	Great choice on the Fremont Experience strip for  casual healthy fare with wine or beer.  My wife had the appetizer sampler plate, good baba ganoush and hummus.  The falafel was different with alfalfa sprouts.   I had the chicken shawarma plate and the chicken was perfectly cooked, delicious rice with veggies and hummus.  Busy but staff hustled and friendly.
5	Accidental find on recent trip to downtown Vegas! Wonderful meal for all four of us. Wraps, salads and sauces perfect! Gyro platter and bowl was wonderful! Have never had more tasty grape leaves. Would highly recommend  this restaurant if you find yourself hungry on Fremont st!
5	It was delish!!!!!   Been to Greece and this was wonderful. :) Greek salad, gyro, and tatziki were top notch.   Tatziki was nice are garlicky and pita nicely warmed. On my recent trip to Vegas I ate there twice. Owner was nice and we all loved our food.
5	Awesome awesome awesome! Awesome gyros awesome wraps awesome hummus awesome kabobs. Tasty food that's quick and super reasonably priced. People who think it's expensive are nuts. You'll pay more for food in any restaurant in the area. My dad is gluten free and wanted to eat here for dinner and lunch everyday and we almost did. Service is also usually great.
5	SERIOUSLY SO GOOD! I work downtown and come here nearly everyday on my lunch break. There's not one thing on the menu that isn't delicious. My personal favorite would be any of the kabob platters. Its a ton of food! Meat and veggies are on the kabob, your choice of either rice or toasted couscous, pita and hummus, and some more veggies. If you're traveling with kids or more picky people they have things like chicken wings and mozz sticks,  also delicious burgers and salads. Wraps too! All of the Mediterranean selections taste authentic and delicious. The service is always on point and if you're lucky to be there while the owner is he is such a sweetheart! The restaurant has a nice ambiance with plush bences, also cute tables and a nice outdoor patio. The bathrooms there are for customers only, which prevents the....more.. eccentric people... you often run into downtown from coming in and out. You definitely wont regret dining here!
4	So tasty, reasonably priced, cozy and clean inside and such friendly and courteous staff. What a treasure! I just got a gyro plate tonight, but I'll be back to try more of the menu for certain!
3	The customer service was great. I went at 10pm. The food was just ok. I was kinda confused as to what part of the Mediterranean this meal was from by the look and taste of the 'shawarma' bowl I ate. The rice tasted more like Indian basmati rice not the typical Medi' pilaf that I expected. They topped it off with a mysterious tomato sauce that I've never heard of or eaten at a medi' restaurant.  I would probably give this place another shot and order something different, but from the tonight's experience alone I give this place 3 stars.
2	Not sure why there are so many positive reviews.  Food was very so-so, lamb and beef were both chewy and had little flavor.  Saw a lot of signs for steaks nearby for $9, and wish I had gone to one of those places instead.
5	One of the best gyros ever! If you are downtown make sure you stop in. They have a very extensive menu with more then you would ever expect! Wonderful service!
4	Good food!  We've had delivery from Cous Cous a few times at our office and it's always great.   The hummus isn't amazing but everything else is perfect. The Dolmas (stuffed grape leaves) are my favorite! !Plus,  the delivery is fast and the food is still pretty fresh/hot when it arrives.
3	I made a quick late night pit stop to Cous Cous Cafe during a recent trip to Vegas.  It is located right in the middle of the Fremont Street Experience so you can't beat the location.  There are a lot of late night options in this area but everything feels like your average pizza stand.  Cous Cous was a nice break in the normal pace with a clean and inviting ambiance, which is highly appreciated late at night in Vegas.  The menu is typical Mediterranean and is extensive.  It's a little pricey for this area of downtown Vegas.  Most of its neighbors are offering $2 tacos but Cous Cous is holding strong to a gyro for $8.95.  I'd love to stay that you get what you pay for, but it's only A-Ok.  The food didn't seem like anything more than fast food pitas.  Whatever they lack in deliciousness, they make up for in fun, personable service!
1	Unfriendly staff. Ordered the chicken shawarma, ate about a third of it and found a long hair in it. Took it back to the counter and wasn't even given an apology, just simply oh I'll have them remake it for you. When they brought the new plate to my table again no apology, the girl just sat it on the table and turned around and walked away. You would think at the very least they would give you a free dessert or offer to give your money back...nope!! Again unfriendly staff. Won't be back and will make sure I spread the word. On another note the food was very disappointing. The only thing that I enjoyed was the pita bread. Hummus was nasty and their rice had a strange taste to it. Thought it would be good based on their stars. Gross, simply gross.
3	I work downtown and eat here occasionally. The food is decent and reasonably priced, perfect for lunch or late-night eating. But when I go in, there is rarely anyone at the counter to greet me, often sauntering out from the back a few minutes later. As a person who has eaten here a few times on my lunch break and typically knows what I want to order, this can be frustrating. It seems to be a little slow and the cashiers often seem bored and disinterested. The staff isn't especially friendly, so I recommend taking it to go. I will give them props that the food is normally hot, fresh, and pretty tasty. The service and atmosphere is just lacking.
3	Had dolmades, gyro plate, and a glass of wine. Quick service, wobbly table. Ok food. Dolmades were ok, but 2 of the six were coming apart and not wrapped. Gyro plate, nice portions, the saffron cous cous was the large pearl variety different but tasty. I had only had small pearl before and was not used to seeing the large. Good food reasonable price worth a try.
4	Stumbled upon this place while tooling around the Freemont Experience. Good stumble! I only had a salad with golden beets and feta on it, but it was delish with that orange vinaigrette on it, yumm!I wish I had more time to come back here, but def will in the future! The owner's son was SO nice...and cute!
4	Friendly Staff, Clean, Typical Mediterranean food. Location is good. Halal
5	Absolutely great place to eat, clean and very friendly staff, above all very tasty food. Definitely worth giving it a try. Perfect location as well.
4	Decent Mediterranean dining in the Downton area. It is located in the Fremont street experience. The space is somewhat small and can get a bit crowded during lunch time. Came here for lunch today and ordered the chicken gyro that came with fries. The meal was almost $10.00. I received a 10% discount because I work for one of the downtown properties. It was tasty and the fries were plenty! It definitely made me full. I thought it was a bit on the pricey side but I was still satisfied. I wish they offered shrimp or salmon gyro though. Because they don't i think I prefer Crazy Pita for my Mediterranean fix (it is also much closer to my house).However if you are in the area and are looking for this type of meal, I definitely recommend giving them a try!
1	Low quality food. Awful service. If you order a side or salad here, you get it once you are done with your food!
1	I have been going to Cous Cous for a little over a year now. I work at one of the area businesses and had enjoyed having an occasional supper there. Tonight my expectations were high as I know their Lamb Shawarma plate is delicious! However, I was sorely disappointed. Not only was the staff lacking in personality and pleasantness, but the food was terrible. When I finally received my plate, (the service was stunningly slow) the meat was incredibly over done. The lamb was tough, chewy and lacked any flavor. The offered to redo the plate or cook a lamb kabob for me, but I could not get the terrible taste of the over done meat from my mouth. I declined and requested my money back. With that, it appeared they did not want to do the refund. I thought I would need to get a bit firm with them, but then they must have finished the debate within themselves and chose to do the refund after all. Needless to say, I will not go back. I know I had several good suppers with them before, but that was seriously enough to deter me from eating there again.
