5	The waitress was nice. It was very quiet as they just recently opened and it's in the back of the parking structure. The food came out quick. Portions are small so keep that in mind while ordering . Watch out for the spice !!! Woo it can be hot if you ask for it. I had the chicken curry, garlic naan and some samosas , samosas were the best
5	The decor is a little formal but the food is terrific. On par with anything I've tried in LA which is a great city for Indian Food.
2	Appetizer of tandori wings very good, as was the rest of the meal. However, an hour wait for food with not more than 10 people in restaurant is not satisfactory. There was a very nice waitress, who had to greet and seat, wait and bus tables. Management had no presence. I suggest they change that if they want to stay in business.
4	Just got back from a wonderful meal at Haweli's.  The place is spacious and the decor is attractive.  They were having a big party so they offered us tables wherever we wanted.  Some places turn you away when they are having a party.  Not Haweli, they welcomed us.   We noticed that they didn't serve us complementary papadum (lentil crackers) and accompanying chutneys & tamarind sauce that other restaurants offer.  We missed that.  As an appetizer we ordered ground beef samosas.  We were surprised as most indian restaurants don't serve beef.  The samosas were served with coriander chutney and tamarind sauce and were pretty large and tasty.  I took advantage of the presence of beef and ordered beef vindaloo.  Hubby ordered Haweli biryani which has both lamb and chicken.  Finally we ordered a whole wheat paratha without butter.  The beef vindaloo was tasty but slightly salty.  Not enough to keep me from cleaning my plate though.  A note to the chef--hold the salt on the vindaloo.  The biryani was exquisite-- perfectly cooked, plenty of meat, the meat perfectly cooked, not greasy--don't know what else to say other than perfect!  The paratha bread was tasty and came as ordered without butter.  You don't know what a problem that can be at some restaurants as they automatically put butter on bread.  All in all the meal was really good.The service was spot on.  "Datpir" was our waiter.  Our apologies because we have probably misspelled his name.  But he was attentive and answered all our questions throughout the meal.  We didn't have many because we have experience eating indian food, but  he was available none the less.  This restaurant has been open only two weeks and it promises to be a place where Scottsdale residents can enjoy good indian food.  BTW, they don't serve liquor but the serve the usual indian drinks such as mango lassie.  They have a buffet 7 days a week which we plan to partake of real soon so we can experiment with different dish.  Thanks for a great meal and much luck with your new place.
5	I've been to many, many Indian Restaurants in the Phoenix area and really enjoyed Haweli's food and service.  Both were outstanding.  I took a friend and we both agree this place was a "keeper."  We not only had one waitperson, but two because the woman waiting on us was an American that had just been hired who had just returned from an extended visit to India.  She was shadowed by the Indian manager.  They were both excellent and knew their Indian food.  We both had their Kachumbar salad (that they recommended) and loved it.  For a main course I had Fish Masala (spice level 7 of 10; next time I'll order 6) and my friend Chicken Korma (again recommended, spice level 8 of 10; next time they'll order 8 to 10), and of course Rice.  They will prepare spice level to whatever you like.  [Note: I have another friend that would probably order 20 out of 10.]  Unlike a previous reviewer, we felt the portions were ample.  We both loved our meals.  I had plain non-buttered Naan and my friend Garlic Naan.This place is very large, probably the largest seating for any Indian Restaurant I've ever been to, and they have outdoor seating.  It is also a bit more "polished" than most Indian Restaurants, but than I'm used to smaller Mom & Pop joints.  Since they just opened they were still waiting on their liquor license but expected to have it within a couple days.  I hope this place makes it.  It's very good food, nice people, and close to where I live.  Several Indian Restaurants I enjoyed have gone out of business in recent years, so it would be good to keep this one around.We both felt "stuffed" when we left.  No dessert for us.  Or so we thought.  They brought out some complementary Mango Kulfi (that I told them I couldn't possibly eat).  They suggested I just try it; a small taste.  I finished it.  I'm not a dessert eater in general but I believe I could have eaten a gallon of that stuff.   It was fantastic.I'm looking forward to trying one of their lunch buffets and my friend told me "don't you go without me."  They also offer 3 versions of Thali dinners that I'd like to try.
5	Everyone, please help save this restaurant!! My wife and I eat Indian food often, and we can tell you the food here is good, really good.  But the place was EMPTY.  It needs, and DESERVES, lots of customers  So, come on in soon. You will be glad that you did.Back to the food.  First, a couple of comments about what other reviewers have said.  1.  We received free papadam with condiments.  2.  We had beers, so they must have a liquor license.Next, we had the lamb saag and the chicken korma.  All of the lamb in the lamb saag was flavorful and tender.  Not like the gristle and tough pieces you sometimes get elsewhere.  It was excellent.  The chicken korma was also excellent,  Flavorful and tender.  And both dishes were served hot, not "luke-cold" like so many restaurants.Next, the bread was also served hot.  It hadn't been sitting on a shelf for 15 minutes waiting for the entrees to get ready.  Really tasty.So, any nits?? Well, okay.  Three small nits.   First, as one reviewer mentioned, the spice level seemed high.  We like a lower spice level, so we asked for a "3" on a scale of "10."  It seemed more like a "3" on a scale of "5."  Too hot for us.  But our wonderful server Marisa was quick with a solution.  She brought us a cupful of raita (yogurt and cucumber sauce) that when mixed with the rice really cooled things down.  Thanks, Marisa.But speaking of rice, there was an extra charge for it.  I know it was only $1.99, but it strikes us as nickel and diming for a Scottsdale restaurant.  It's not as though the entrees were extra cheap. Finally, and this is just personal taste, I like my beer to be cold, not luke-warm.  Maybe the Brits who ruled India for a century like warm beer, but I'm guessing an American crowd in Scottsdale wants their beer cold.  AT least the mug was cold.But those are nits.  The message here is that the food was terrific and we will be back  You should go, too.
5	After reading reviews here on Yelp I've decided to update everyone on Haweli since they've been open almost 4 weeks now. They are currently serving alcohol and have 4 beers on tap and 3 bottled Indian beers, a small selection of wine, and liquor.AND everything is 15% off until the end of June
5	I went to Haweli Indian earlier today and is a pretty, new restaurant in the Shea 14 Harkins area (like one major plaza away more west on Shea). The dining area is decorated very nicely and gives the feel of an upscale restaurant. All the tables were adorned with really nice Indian style table clothes on top of the standard nice white ones, with water glasses and golden napkins. Beautiful chandeliers hung all over the restaurant area and there were TV's available for viewing sports. We were greeted immediately and shown to a table of our choice while the waitress arrived and filled our water glasses. The waitress was very knowledgeable of the cuisine and was able to describe it very well. They have a large menu that is well detailed with descriptions of what each dish contained. They brought out this cracker style bread and some dipping sauces before we ordered, one sauce was tamarind based and was nice and sweet while the other was green and I think cilantro based and remind me of previous Indian food I've had. We ordered the garlic naan bread (A must) Chicken Tikka Masala, Chicken Madras, and the Tandoori Chicken with rice. All three of the chicken dishes were excellent, the Madras was the most spicy and went really well with the Partha bread. The Tandoori was a nice lightly spiced grilled chicken with vegetables that is definitely the safest choice for the non adventurous members of the group. Then there was the Chicken Tikka Masala it had such delicious spices with a nice sweet after taste. It went excellently with the rice, went excellent with the Naan and was awesome by itself. Definitely the must have dish here, so if you're only going to get one I suggest this but everything was delicious so there probably are no bad choices. I will venture out a little next time I come, but I think I'm going to make the Tikka Masala a staple with any party I come with. Overall they have really great service, excellent food, and a beautiful atmosphere. This place should be on anyone who is in the areas; must try list. Go experience it yourself, hopefully you have an experience similar to mine and if you do I know you'll want to come back. Enjoy :)
5	It's not been half an hour since I walked out of Haweli and I'm on Yelp writing this review. I hope that is as good an understatement as I can make as to how TERRIFIC this restaurant is. Where do I start??? The ambiance, the service, the food..!!! I'm at a loss!!!It is my son's second birthday today and my family and I being new to AZ did not have anyone to celebrate it with. So we decided to walk down to Haweli (it helps that we live right behind the restaurant) and treat ourselves to a quiet dinner. In hindsight, that has to be the best decision we've taken today.We walked in and were immediately greeted by Gopi (he's one of the two guys who run this place). We chose our own seats and Gopi got us the toddler seat for our son. The place was tastefully done with grand chandeliers, ample lighting and great decor We were given water (even that tasted awesome) and they were very understanding when we asked for a little more than the usual time in placing the order since we had to get our son settled first. We ordered the masala pappad, chicken pakora, garlic naan, tandoori shrimp masala and chicken biriyani. We loved the pakora which was basically succulent tandoori chicken covered with the traditional pakora wrap. It came with the mint and sweet and sour chutneys which were superb as well. The garlic naan was just perfect and the shrimp masala was out of this world. The gravy was thick and savory while the shrimp was marinated and cooked to perfection. My wife thought the chicken biriyani was great, however she found it to be different from the Kerala flavored chicken biriyani that we are more used to. Nevertheless, she really liked it.Despite there being no complimentary rice with curries, we were given a full portion of rice at no cost. But the icing on the cake was yet to come. When Gopi got to know that it was my son's birthday, he got us three huge fantabulous Mango lassies "on the house"!!! All portions of food were easily sufficient for 2 pax. If you are used to Indian food, a spice index of 7/10 should be just fine. (We could've gone for 8 but then wanted to keep it a little mild for our toddler). The wait time was just a little over 10-12 mins which I thought was very reasonable. Finally, a word on the "people". When the lady waitressing on you has seen more of India than you have managed in your entire existence, you know you are in good hands. Marissa was not just knowledgeable about the menu, but she also was seen helping out guests unfamiliar to Indian cuisine what to choose. She was super friendly and courteous. Gopi and Pradeep both individually walked up to us during various times and checked if we were ok and made it a point to talk to us while we were leaving. They have plans to expand the menu with more south Indian varieties such as Dosa, vada etc. being introduced. I can only imagine myself queuing up by the Haweli every morning in a little while to start off my day with authentic south Indian cuisine.While the signature of every restaurant is the quality of the food that is served, for me, the team that gets you the food (right from your table to the kitchen and back) are the ones who leave an indelible mark on you.  I have been overwhelmed by the warmth and care shown by the staff. They were constantly looking for feedback from us on how to improve the menu, food, service and presentation. To me, that is the hallmark of a restaurant that looks set to be doing excellent business in times to come!!!***The price is VERY reasonable for the quantities and quality that they offer. And they are running a 15% off on all meals until end of July.
1	If you want to treated with respect then this is definitely not the place for you.After having read all the great reviews, we went there this evening.The staff were ice cold and not customer friendly.BUT, the worst was that we never got any food and no one told us why.The couple next to us were waiting over an hour with no food.After calling the manager over, I enquired why.She told me not to make a scene........a large catering order was occupying the five cooks in the kitchen......A very large restaurant with only six tables occupied but they could not serve them any food.....
1	after reading all the great reviews we went there and believe me after waiting for almost an hour(though there was only 5-6 tables were occupied) what we got a awful food.we ordered tandoori mixed grill and chicken biriyani,tandoori served with normal temperature which should not to be and what can I say for biriyani.It was salt-less and just not like as biriyani from any grain of it.when we told the waitress about it they behaved like it was normal and gave us a salt shaker.and not to mention that raita is not free here for biriyani.they charged you nearly 3 dollars for a small awkward tasted raita..we had a really bad dinner that day..:(
1	GROUPON WARNING!Went here for the lunch buffet with a GROUPON.  The buffet was limited to only tandori chicken, curry chicken and a few other non impressive side dishes.  The garlic naan had no taste.  The vegetable pakoras were over fried, dried out and really greasy.  I couldn't eat them.  The place was over decorated and the gold satin napkins were over the top!   The service was not good either.The kicker was, they brought me my bill BEFORE I told them I had a GROUPON.  My bill was $20.23 and I had a $20.00 GROUPON.  I showed the GROUPON to the server and he gave it to the Manager.  When the manager brought my bill back, he had scratched out my old total and ADDED and ADDITIONAL $4.00 (and change). He actually scratched out my old total and added an extra $4.00 + !  I asked why and he told me it was because I had a GROUPON and people with GROUPONS pay 15% more than without a GROUPON.  I couldn't believe it!    Never going back there!!!!!!!!
5	We have tried many Indian restaurants in the Phoenix area and we both agreed this was by FAR the best!!  I had the butter chicken and saag paneer and  paneer naan.  Everything was served very hot and fresh and was just delicious!  I can't wait to go back and try their buffet and was happy to hear it is also served on the weekends.  Our waitress was very friendly and the manager came over to make sure we were happy with our meal as well.  Will definitely be back!!
1	Worst indian food. Total waste of money. Lunch buffet is $12 with only small selection of food. Chicken is the worst I ever had. Sweet dish ( gulab jamun) very strange taste. I came with group of people, and was embarrassed to be the host. I am going back there unless they change the cook and increase selection.
5	Best Indian restaurant I have been! I have been to easily over 300 Indian restaurants in last 10 years. Place was spacious, nice decor and our waiter was very welcoming. We ordered Goat Korma and Chicken Tikka which was very delicious. I have ordered medium, it seemed little spicy for medium, but loved the spice as I took more bites. Naan was good and service was really good too. I will be coming back for sure!My wife'r rating was 4.5/5 conservatively, as she said.
4	I want to give 5 stars because the food is great. All fresh and really good. Saag paneer medium wow! All The bread options, hell yeah! The waiters are nice but not the most outgoing so don't expect benihana. Also not the fastest thus the 4 star. Did I mention the food is sooo good and fresh! Come for the food, drink to forget any service issues. Definitely coming back.
5	Maybe Haweli was having opening blues, because I'm surprised by the bad reviews. My sister & I both loved it. We each got the thali platters so we could sample; I got veg, she ordered chicken tikka masala & this is our only criticism: you get a choice of 2 different dishes & she asked for both of them to be the tikka; the chef gave her something else for one of her main dishes. Our waiter offered to bring it back, but she decided to keep it. When we ordered extra pappadum, he then brought a double order & didn't charge us. The raita was unusual (never had it with potatoes before!) & I prefer the standard cucumber raita but that's what going to different restaurants is all about. Our waiter was very attentive but not intrusive & we will definitely go back! I'm originally from NYC & used to go to 7th street in the East Village (Indian Row) & used to bemoan the lack in Scottsdale; no more! Forgot to mention we used a Groupon: show it to them before you get the bill.
5	Indian can be hit or miss. These guys were a perfect hit. The samosas were great the kabobs were excellent the shrimp Marsala was really special. We were very happy with it. We'll be back soon!
2	This place sucks!. Waste of money.. Very bad food and service.. I went for lunch buffet, there were no options at all.. the food tasted bad and one of the dishes was spoiled.. Worst indian place ever!
3	I am a great fan of good Indian food, so am always excited when a new Indian restaurant opens.  We visited on a Sunday evening and only 3 other tables were occupied in the cavernous dining area. The bar area was deserted, but it looked well stocked offered 4 draught beers and numerous bottled beers. The decor was very old world, almost colonial with chandeliers and dark wood, and no flocked wallpaper in sight.  There are several tv around the walls, but mostly displaying the Direct TV logo, but one TV was quietly playing an old black and white period movie with the sound turned well down, rather a nice touch!The staff were without exception very gracious and attentive, and service was quite fast.We ordered Chicken Jalfrezi, Lamb Vindaloo and Paneer Masala.   The sauce with the paneer was judged the favorite, creamy and not overpowering flavor. The jalfrezi had a nice flavor, but possibly had a little too much curry paste for my taste.  There were plenty of peppers and onions to give it a nice crunchy texture. My major complaint was that every piece of chicken contained gristle which was a bit awkward as my dining companion, the delectable Kristina, does not look kindly upon people who take gristle from their mouths and place it on the side of the plate.  Apparently one is supposed to surreptitiously spit it out into a handkerchief when no one is looking. Anyway, I had no handkerchief, so....The lamb was not as spicy hot as Kristina likes it, but she was brought up in Thailand so her heat senses were somewhat numbed when she was a child.  She thought there was too much potato vs. lamb, but still enjoyed it.   We did ask for some accompanying chutney, but they apparently don't have that available.  We had some good home made lime pickle instead.We had some carrot halwa for desert, but it seemed rather old and dried up, and had clearly been warmed up in the microwave.Overall we had a reasonably good although not outstanding meal, but did feel it was a little expensive, about $12.50 per dish, with rice another $2.50, so would have certainly preferred better quality chicken.  They offer buffets, so will be giving that a try soon.
5	Very good food. Nicely spiced at our own choice. Lamb Vindaloo was excellent, Tandoori Chicken was excellent, Shrimp meal was excellent. Very nice atmosphere.
2	Always check your to-go order, a rule should have remembered as I found that Haweli does not include steamed rice with its vegetable dishes.  When I called to ask if it was typical everything is a la carte.  Karaikudui which is just down the road from Haweli does include steamed rice and the cost is the same and as good if not better. And no unpleasant surprises when I open the to-go bag.
5	Second time here.  The food is excellent. The best indian I have had.  Most places are hot or miss with quality and flavor. 2 times we've eaten here. 2 times we have been VERY impressed. Our new favorite!!
4	We found this gem on Yelp while looking for  Indian food after seeing the movie, The 100 foot Journey!  Although new, and very few patrons there at the time, the food was GREAT!  Chicken Tikki Masala was fabulous.  The service was attentive and friendly. Hoping they will do well, as the location is quiet...but the food fabulous!!
5	Awesome buffet, great service and definitely the best Indian food in Scottsdale by far, we've tried them all!
2	Slow service and their "spicy" was anything but spicy, even after making some extra effort to ensure that the food would have a substantial heat level.  It was supposed to be "Indian hot", above the 10/10.  But no, it wasn't.  Portions were reasonable, bread was ok.  Review for dinner experience only.  Have not tried lunch.
1	Horrible service!! I had been to this restaurant once before and the food was good so decided to come back for a date night with my boyfriend. When we arrived the place was pretty empty but it seemed like they were preparing for an event. The host found a table for us, we sat down and waited about 20 minutes for the waiter to take our order. A full hour went by and we never got our food after we inquired a couple of times!!! We were both starving, so we ended up leaving after we wasted 1.5 hrs there!  Pretty disappointed about the lack of customer service!!!
4	First, the surcharge for Groupon has gone away. Same price for all. No problem using the Groupon except they weren't sure how to process it off my phone app. (But now they do, so no problem there.)Second, the lunch buffet is one of the better ones I've experienced. All the usual chicken and vegetable dishes, with some extra desserts not usually offered on buffet, laid out attractively. My friend especially liked the butter chicken, samosas, seasoned rice, and rasmalai ("cottage cheese" dessert). I favored the puffy naan, mushroom curry, a couple of the chicken dishes (but not the tandoori chicken, which was pretty dry),, the complimentary mango lassi, and the golub dessert, which was the best I've had since an Indian friend cooked it for me in her home.The service was very good, helpful without hovering. The room is too spacious, really, but my friend and I lingered long over tea so we were obviously comfortable there. A plus is the free parking garage below the restaurant. Returning to a (relatively) cool car in the Phx afternoon makes for a happy ending to an outing, no? Yes!
5	We had the Lamb Korma & Chicken Tikka Masala, it was the perfect amount of spice we requested. Friendly service and good prices.
3	My husband and I eat Indian food on a regular basis. Usually we go down to tempe to the numerous awesome Indian restaurants down there but yesterday we were kinda lazy--and it was raining so we decided to order take out closer to home. I found Haweli on yelp and placed our order: karabi paneer, fish curry, garlic naan, plain naan and EXTRA rice. They left out the plain naan and the rice was about 1/3 of a cup which is unacceptable for two entrees--even for one. Definitely no extra rice.Too bad cause the food was really tasty--not as good as tempe but good enough that we would have gone back on a regular basis considering the amount of Indian food that we eat and that is it so much closer to home. They lost two customers that would have spent a lot of money just so that they can save a few pennies on rice.
4	Very good quality & tasting North Indian food! Coming from NJ where good Indian Food is common every 3 miles, I have high standards. Unfortunately, the atmosphere needs a more polished, update. I would suggest playing some background music. The quietness, really hurt the atmosphere. Thankfully, the food and service measured up. We'd definitely return.
1	I can't review the food, because we wound up getting up and leaving when they refused our Groupon, telling us they no longer were honoring them, even though they still have one currently for sale on the Groupon site. There was no way we were going to stay and eat there, when they knew we'd paid for the Groupon, and were not upright enough to take it (it is a valid Groupon, not expired). There was one other couple in the whole, unappealing looking place at 6PM on a Friday night. I'd guess they're not doing well, and with this attitude, I can see why. People buy Groupons to try out a place to see if they'll go back, and we were looking for a good Indian restaurant closer to our home than Jewel in the Crown. This will not be it.
1	I'll be the second one with a valid Groupon coupon they wouldn't accept.  They essentially took the position that their business changed and the coupon was my problem.Some advice fellas :  To spare yourself rotten reviews and to honor the time we took to choose your restaurant and to drive there - be gracious and tell me you will gladly accept them coupon and you'll have a repeat customer  THAT is how you do business.  Never ever let a customer walk away.There are about 5 Indian buffets within a 5 mile radius.
5	The food was very delicious! Genuine IndianFood with delicious spices. The menu was very interesting and included goat as well lamb and chicken. We had the goat achaliWhich was so delicious. The meat was very tender and flavorful . We also had saag paneer which was outstanding and I've had it many places. The sauce was very creamy and perfectly seasoned. Bhinbi masala which is okra with onions and tomatoes was great . Okray enough and well spiced.The server was very friendly and helpful and knowledgeable about the menu!The location is set well back from the street in an old shopping center that we didn't even know existed and we live in neighborhood. Once you find it its well worth it! Definitely coming back so delicious!
1	I have to preface this review by saying I've been to Haweli twice, wasn't blown away the first time, and wanted to try it again with a DoubleTake Offer to lessen the cost a bit if I wasn't completely happy. Unfortunately, the wrench in this plan was the restaurant deciding a month and a half ago not to honor ANY of the Groupon or DoubleTake offer vouchers that had been purchased for use at their location. I purchased this particular offer back in June (a $15 for $30 voucher) and with a value expiration of 12/1 I figured I needed to give this restaurant another try, especially when I wasn't in the mood to cook after Thanksgiving.We were greeted warmly at the entrance (we were the only people in the place at 7pm) and were seated promptly. After ordering lamb vindaloo, chicken tikka masala, saag paneer, and appetizers we settled in for dinner. I was disappointed to see that the tablecloth was not completely clean and my son's chair had food on it from another diner. I'm usually pretty easygoing about those things (I care much more about the food), but it set a precedent. I did enjoy the tikka masala, I thought the flavors were just right and the right amount of creamy. The lamb vindaloo was lacking in lamb (plenty of potatoes), but the spice was just right with a good amount of bite. I also was impressed with the saag paneer, something hard to get wrong, but not enjoyable if it doesn't have the right flavors.I want to like this place because there aren't a lot of Indian options in the Scottsdale area, but I've had much better just down the freeway in Mesa and will be taking my business there (India Oven).Of course, the worst insult was not honoring our voucher. Though I intend to get my value back from DoubleTake, to me this is a clear bait and switch to get advertising and patrons in the door. I don't eat out a lot for pleasure, but when I do I expect to get what I pay for, and this told me what kind of people are managing this business.
5	Great food. Went there last night before it closed and they accommodated us quite well.Authentic indian dishes, nice atmosphere and all around amazing people.Prices are very reasonable!
5	Nice place, generous folks, good hygiene, well-priced, good variety...Will be back again
