5	The staff here are AWESOME! The floors and tables were very clean, as were the restrooms. The food was good, although one of our burgers came out substantially later then the rest of the food, but our waitress and the manager made up for that. The manager was extremely friendly off the bat (He sat us at our table). We talked for a little while about many different things and he was very kind and fun to talk to. Our waitress was also extremely nice and very good with service. Overall a great place to eat.
2	Damn.... For 1 I always feel terrible leaving sub par reviews for restaurants because I've been in the service industry for 7 years.... But man .. I went here with my parents and i first had a question for the hostess about whether or not I was able to hit my e cig inside the restaurant.. The hostess replied "I don't know?" And that was it... Usually when a service employee responds with "I don't know" it's usually followed by "but I'll be sure to find out". Never happened.. Secondly it took eight minutes for my family and I to be greeted which as you service people know to a consumer is like a lifetime..thirdly my beer glass came out with two different lipstick marks...niiiice...fourthly some random food runner, BOH trained dropped our appetizer off with his gloves still on, then proceeded to leave as quickly as he came without asking if this was what we ordered or if we needed anything else.. Lastly we received our to go food, perfectly bagged with appropriate sauces on the side as we asked..come find out later there were like 7 fries for my order.. For a place that let's everybody and their mother know about their endless fry baskets, I guess those who order food to go are subject to the cutting food cost method of skimping on to go orders... Final note  .. I gave 2 stars because our server was polite and none of my issues besides the fact that the greeting took quite a long time was her fault..needless to say STEP UP YOUR GAME LAS VEGAS MANAGERS!!!! Foh and BOH starts and ends with you!!
4	Haven't had a burger in awhile and the bacon cheeseburger just hit the spot. The tower of onion rings were good along with the red robin special sauce, very tasty and topped it off with a mud pie, freakin huge!!! Definitely 3 people can share. Service is excellent, the young lady that waited on me was very nice, didn't have to ask for refills on my beverage. That means she is paying attention to patrons needs. Definitely coming back. Definitely coming back
4	This Red Robin has the best service I have seen out of all the Las Vegas locations and is a close second place to all the locations I have visited around the West Coast. Friendly and Fast rarely is seen together but hats off to management and crew.
