5	I've been visiting Cottage Yarn for years.  Sara, the owner, is kind, down to earth, and incredibly helpful.  She's got a great staff of friendly, knowledgeable people who are always there to help you whenever you need it.Sara stocks great yarn lines.  All of the basics in loads of colors, and she's always got her eye out for new great products.Joining her email list is a great idea.  I've gotten in on a lot of fantastic sales thanks to her mailings!  This is a great shop, and definitely worth the drive to Mint Hill to shop!
5	Stopping by Cottage Yarn is always a treat.This is my LYS (Local Yarn Store). It's the closest shop to me, so it gets a majority of my business when it comes to knitting supplies. I've very lucky to have such a fantastic yarn shop close by!Cottage Yarn is, indeed, is a small house and each room is full of yarn. Walking in the front door into what was the living room, you'll find yourself in the cozy home of someone who's fiber stash has taken over. What was the dining room now showcases notions & the register area and the large hallway is basically a mecca for any fan of Noro, a beautiful Japanese yarn that many knitters become both infatuated and frustrated with.Sara is very welcoming & inviting. Stopping by Cottage Yarn feels like you've been invited into her home. Her selection of yarns isn't the widest I've seen, but it's obvious that she curates her selection to carry interesting & useful fibers that everyone will enjoy rather than just ordering everything the vendors carry.
4	This yarn shop is in a cottage-like house. Each room has a different kind of fiber. Of manufacturers, there's universal yarns, berrocco, cascade, madelinetosh. And, in addition to these good commercial dyers, there are some indie-dyed treats. The owner is sweet and knows that many knitters appreciate both of these: good, common yarns and the special find that's a memento to be used for a special project.
5	Calling all knitters and crocheter's  I have found nirvana and it is called Cottage Yarn of Mint Hill.  Great selection of yarn, needles, and notions.  Have taken lots of classes and all the ladies who work in the shop also teach and they are great, Lynn, Kathy, Grace and Chloe have all taught me some much technique in every class that I can take to other projects.  The shop itself is in an old cottage and has a comfortable homey feel that makes every welcome.  I have spent a number of afternoons just sitting in their main room (the old living room) and knitting and chatting.  It is worth the trip if you are not lucky enough like me to live close by.
