3	Hey, it's Subway... Not really good or bad; it is what it is. This location doesn't seem any different from most I've been in.
4	Yes, I'm reviewing a chain restaurant. I ate here 3 times a week - it's location makes it awesome. You can grab a sandwich for 5 bucks and go to class. In fact I went here so often i knew most of the workers - most are nice and do their job well. over roasted chicken breast oh how i love thee.
4	Staple inexpensive subs that are identical to those of every other subway in townI wish they offered guacamole like their sf counterparts do
4	What I like about this Subway is that they are well staffed and fast. Being right next to campus they can get very busy but they are ready for it.
4	after having gotten disgustingly sick of eating subway while in baltimore (their chicken made me feel sick to the stomach, and the distinctive smell that emanates from every subway store nauseated me to no end. it got so bad at one point that if i didn't hold my breath while passing by the store, i'd start dry heaving), i was once again attracted to subway by its ads, but this time for breakfast.their breakfast menu could certainly be better organized, but the lady behind the counter was very helpful in getting me to choose something i liked.  because i didn't want their regular bread, that eliminated half the menu.  They offer an english muffin sandwich + coffee/tea for 2.50.  the advertisement claims they use fresh cracked eggs. having gotten the same description from wendy's advertisements and actually receiving a fresh cracked egg on a griddle, i expected to get the same here. what was i thinking? that's why i shouldn't ever be up before 12PM. my brain doesn't like me doing that.  The end result was the generic spongy folded rectangle egg product that was reheated in the toaster oven.  I got the ham, egg, provolone cheese, with bell peppers, tomato and just a touch of southwest sauce, and it was surprisingly not bad. i just wish they had more alternative options for warm beverages in the morning.I was also fascinated by the dixie coffee cup covers that have a lever that can open and cover the drinking spout. moving parts on a disposable plastic cap. i never would have thought that would be a marketable/profitable product.  overall, this option for breakfast along craig st. is probably one of the cheapest. anything you get at starbucks, kiva han, crepes parisennes, will be more expensive.
1	Tried to serve me a sub out of the trashcan. Really?!!!
5	A subway is a subway but the people make the difference. They are quick and the store is clean. Even with a huge line they get people on there way in good time.
3	subway is like mcdonalds for me... i don't even like it that much, but i just can't help eating it sometimes. that being said, this particular subway was, well, just like every other subway ever. the sandwiches are tasty but grossly under filled. there honestly isn't much else i can even say about subway.
2	You get the usual subway service here. Nothing to write home about, although it can get unreasonably busy during lunch time. The Quiznoes down the street is a much quieter alternative and I find it to have better quality food.
1	This is one of the worst subway restaurants I have ever been too.   I say this as the result of multiple disappointing visits.   First off they don't participate in any of the national subway promotions and offer no deals.   This is the first one outside of an airport, rest stop, etc that I have ever seen do that.   Second off they are stingy as heck.   They have twice told me no when I asked for more of a certain vegetable.  Also the people are not very friendly.   Avoid this subway at all costs!
1	Purchased a six inch with combo at this subway and I was charged $8.50. The soda and the drink was half the price of my sandwich? When I went to a different subway for the same meal I was charged $6.30. Won't be going back to this subway.
3	they usually have everything that any othe subway would have. so consider my 3 stars as per other subways. the place is alright good seating, sub par subway smell, you know what i mean.the only problems that i see are that the employees are predominantly russian, or rather from the stan former soviet republics. i'm racist and all but in this case it makes ordering slightly harder. still they are nice there.i eat here all the time for lunch since i like sandwiches a lot. cheapest high quality sandwich footlong blt with tons of veggies and sweet onion sauce. veggies are free bro learn to like them higher calorie/dollar and much better nutrient/dollar. 6 inch go crazy its all cheap
