4	The best strawberries.....close to my house, kettle corn and some local veggies. Nice quick run nice area, sadly it is only the 1st and 3rd Saturday of the month!!! I wish it was weekly!
1	I don't even know where to start. I guess it starts from another social media website. A friend had liked their page and so I started following the page out of curiosity and quickly became intrigued.Let me tell you folks, advertising works and will make a sucker out of each and everyone of us at least once in our lives.Las Vegas Farmers Market made me the biggest sucker. I had called my mother in law and told her I was going to this nice Farmers Market and that they were going to have our favorite available (Cheddar Cauliflower). So we drove Sam Boyd Stadium all the way to Floyd Lamb Park to attend this Farmers Market that I just could not wait to go to!We get there and they had a total of 6 booths. And not even all food booths. They had one veggie and fruit stand out of the six and the rest were, well who cares. They were not fruit and veggie stands.The fruit and veggie booth they had was from California. Me, I think Farmers Market and I think local. California is not so local. Most of their stuff looked wilted and not so fresh either. My mother in law scored some Swiss Chard for $2.00 a bundle so she was excited about that. As I walked amongst the other 5 booths of honey, beef jerky, jewelry, scarves, Windsor farms, I just felt so disappointed.Granted it was January. But they made me believe they would have more. Why not be honest and say there are a limited number of booths? And they did not even had the cauliflower I was looking for. I am so disgusted just thinking about it and it is hard for me to write this review. I mean if anyone ever told me they were thinking about going, I would instead tell them to go to their local grocery store or another Farmers Market. I sit here shaking my head in disgust, thinking I wasted a beautiful Saturday morning dragging my family all the way across town for an utter disappointment.
3	This Farmer's Market is very tiny. 10 minutes and you're done. There are vendors that sell coffee beans, honey, jams, jellies, nuts, pens, soaps, fruits, veggies and Italian ice. Great Harvest was there with loaves of bread. I didn't find anything to buy that I could use. The only thing that would make me go back here again is the Rika food truck. You could skip paying the $6 entrance fee if you come here.
4	I love this quick day at the park. Not a huge selection but great quality.  Save the entry fee at the park $5 per axe if you come on farmers market day, plus you get to use the park for the day free.   The actual market is probably 10-20 tables depending in season less in winter but I always find something good.  Check it.
4	What is there not to like?  You are taking a scenic drive (unless you live close by) from the city, and you see free-roaming peacocks  all around.  The best part: you get into the park FREE when you visit during the farmers market hours.  There are about 20 vendors, which is good because you don't want to be overwhelmed by too many vendors.  It's a great time for family and friends to make a little drive out and taste test some samples and buy some homemade treats and fresh produce.  And when you are done, you're free to explore the park!  What more can you ask for in life...
