5	Barbeque AND Mexican? You read it right. And Gecko Grill pulls it off. The BBQ ribs are outstanding. My husband's favorites are the shrimp and fish tacos. I prefer the fiesta chicken, spinach enchiladas, or the pork soft tacos. And anything with the mango salsa is good. Gecko Grill is worth the trip if simply for the chips and salsa. They serve both red and green, and both are good. I only wish they served them in larger bowls! The chips are very thin and usually come out warm. Oh, and did I mention they serve free bean dip along with the chips & salsa? It's very good, and so popular that many folks who come to Gecko order a pint to go.The inside of the restaurant is painted light pink with teal accents. The carved wooden chairs and rough stone floor add an authentic flavor.
4	There was a 30 minute wait, but it was well worth it.  The complimentary chips were thin and crispy and not greasy and served with a red and a green salsa and an addictive warm white bean dip.Our party had asada tacos, pork quesadilla, shrimp tacos and the spicy asada burro.  Everyone liked the food, the burro (burrito) I had was a normal size,  not some monster giant burrito it would take a family of 5 to eat.   The spicy salsa/marinade on the steak was very tasty and there was no fat on the meat.I'm adding this to the rotation when I'm in the area.
4	This is the first restaurant I tried once I arrived to the Phoenix area.  I had just spent 2 days crossing Texas, New Mexico and finally arriving into sunny AZ.   There was a short wait but nothing unusual for a weekend.  The chips and salsas were very addictive.  I have tried the chicken burro and the shrimp quesadilla.  I can't seem to get away from the shrimp quesadilla. The mango sauce is amazing; not too heavy yet not too light.  The only draw back to the menu was that they did not serve alcohol (at least when I was frequenting this place).    The staff is always very friendly and prompt but I can't say that for the customers.  Like most places in Gilbert there are children running around like wild monkeys.  One time I was eating dinner with my date and a small child ran up to our table and proceeded to fondle our tortilla chips.  We looked around but found no parent in sight.   To me it's a little too relaxed with the "family friendly" atmosphere and that has kept me from returning but if you are in the area do stop by and check it out for yourself.  I'm sure the meal will please you.
4	My wife & I just dined here and I still don't know quite what to make of the place.  But I'll be back, rest assured.We had Tampiquena & Special Chimi.  The Tampiquena (sp?) had nice Carne Asada, fresh guac, rice & beans.  The Special Chimi was filled with tender, flavorful all white meat chicken.  The sauce on the Chimi was very different but I liked it more as I worked through my meal.  It was a cheesy white sauce with flavors of chili verde.Speaking of chili verde, one of the 3 items that came with the tortilla chips was green chili (as well as frijoles and a nice red salsa) that was surprisingly complex.  It was slightly sweet, had a mild bite and a faint smoky flavor.  It worked very well mixed into the frijoles.How they pull off BBQ I don't know, but I'll update when I return.
5	My favorite place for chips and salsa! They are served with red and green salsa and a side of smooth refried beans. The green salsa is my favorite as it is more of a sweet salsa rather than spicy.I usually get the taco salad with shredded chicken and my son usually gets the kids bean and cheese burro. The chicken is very tender and juicy. Just the right amount to fill you up without getting stuffed. If you live in Gilbert, it is definitely the place to go for great Mexican food :)
4	We recently ate at the Gecko Grill because we had a coupon in our Entertainment book. We were surprised at how popular this place was! And its no wonder, because the food is really good. They have a combination Mexican/BBQ menu. I had a chicken burrito that was delicious. The only drawback of this restaurant is the absence of alcohol on the menu. A nice, cold Corona to celebrate the end of the work week w/ my Mexican food was much needed and I was disappointed. Also, because it is so busy people are forced to wait outside, and in the Arizona heat that is no fun w/out at least the ability to order a soda to sip on. Overall though, the food is excellent, the service prompt, and the people friendly.
1	We went here after reading the reviews on Yelp with high expectations, we ended up being pretty disappointed. We got there and were seated promptly and seen by a waitress right away. The chips and salsa were pretty good, although the bean dip could have been a little warmer. When the waitress came to take out orders I asked her what Gecko grill was known for and she advised us that most people come for the seafood dishes. With the advice from the waitress my wife ordered the Crab Relleno Burro and I ordered the Seafood Grande. My wife thought the Burro was OK but nothing she would come back for. My order, the Seafood Grande, was pretty disappointing. My biggest problem with my meal was the the "Pepper Jack" cheese that was melted on top of my meal was actually processed Pepper Jack slices, the taste of the cheese really took away from the meal. The beans and rice served with my meal were also pretty blah. As a side note to the food, we were seated in viewing distance of the hostess at the door. She could barely be removed from texting on her cell phone to do her job. Apparently the hostess is responsible for making the utensil set with the napkins, which I watched her set the clean utensils on the dirty podium where the rag she used to wipe down menus was also sitting. She texted and wiped her face/hair while making the utensil sets, not once stopping to wash her hands.  This was a pretty big turn off.I try really hard to support local businesses, I hope my experience was an anomaly, but I will not be back.
5	This is a great casual place to eat lunch with family and friends. Small and cozy and the owners and employees are always friendly! I love the food and it's always fresh & hot! Lunch time is always busy and you might have to wait a few minutes, but worth the wait. For winter months, you could enjoy the outdoor tables which allows more space for other patrons. If I am thinking casual, great food and wonderful service, Geeko Grill is my choice of restaurants anyday!
2	On our way home from golfing and needing a good Mexican meal with a ice cold beer or better yet a Margarita. We stopped here not know there's NO alcohol! WAH - Huh?  We stayed anyway. I ordered the lettuce wrap and yummy it was, but there was only ONE - one lettuce wrap for $6.95 I would expect at least 2 wraps. It's wrapped in LETTUCE for goodness sake? I did lick the plate, it was good.  As I looked around I noticed there were no Hispanics eating there, why is that?   I won't be back - me needs alcohol.
5	Great food I loved it!! Chips good not greasy and the salsa was awesome! Sure it might be a family place but the delicious food just keeps you coming back and believe me you can't resist. For all those alcohol guzzlers out there come on and give this place a chance,there has to be at least one restaurant in the whole world with no alcohol..Keep your cool and ohhh , i made a point of staring at the hostess to see if she was touching her face or anything...looking to see if she maybe had her cellphone hidden somewhere around there and guess what nope, nada!
2	Seriously wasn't all that impressed, wasn't GREAT but wasn't the worst I've had. I don't think I'd return.
4	We went here with some friends.  Didn't ever hear of it.  We got there, nothing fancy.  Sat down and they served us up some salsa and chips.  The tomatillo (green) salsa was sent from heaven.  The red salsa and bean dip were " 'ight", nothing special.  Back to the green stuff...it comes in the smaller container, ask for a bigger one, the stuff is hella good.  Now, I get the Fajita Burro (chicken) everytime.  I got the popular shrimp dish once, it was good, but I'm sticking with the Fajita Burro.  I like this place more than a popular Mesa restaurant that rhymes with "Ria Tosas".  The food here doesn't taste too smokey.  I come back often.
5	One of my favorite places! I've been going there for a couple years and I order the special chimi (chicken) pretty much every time and the sauce they pour over it is sooooooo good I want a whole barrel of it in my kitchen! Everything there is good I've never had a bad meal there and the staff is always friendly. It's one of those places I am sure to take my family to when they visit!
4	Used to come here years ago when it was run by the previous owners. Never ate mexican food here. Only came here for the ribs. When the new owners came in they bought the recipe and it was done really well. The ribs are the best I have ever had. I have not been here in the last year so I don't know if they have kept up the quality. Can't speak for the mexican. I think there ribs are the hidden gem here.
5	This is one of our very favorite Mexican restaurants in the Valley!  We've been going there for years.  Although their menu includes BBQ entrees, we would suggest not going that route .... it's not their specialty and can't beat the Mexican entrees.  The salsa is fresh and has just the right level of bite.  The chips are fresh and warm.  The service is terrific.  The restaurant is clean.  Try Enchiladas Vallartas, seafood enchiladas ... or any of the traditional Mexican dishes.  You can't go wrong at the Gecko Grill!
5	Gecko Grill is some of the best southwestern style barbecue and food in the valley of the sun. Tucked into a strip mall.Like Garcias and Serranos, this place serves several salsas and a bean and cheese dip with a basket of chips to every diner. One could easily make a meal of this, but be warned: it is very filling, and yes, the entrees are belly-busting good!Originally, I am told that this place just did barbeque. Myself? I am thankful for the neo-mexican stuff as well, but the chicken that this place cranks out as either straight forward smoked-barbecued chicken with a sauce on the side, or stuffed into a colossal burro (and I am a burrito HATER, I usually don't like them.) is AMAZING!Once I met my friend Juliet and her family here and all of her kids aparently adore the place. The kids were all about the bean dip and the french fries. It was tre' cute!Great service too!The shrimp mango quesadillas are the best! They are adorned with just a little green pepper snap. an order is too much for me to finish my myself.The smoked chicken wings are good.Really, you can't go wrong with this menu. If you go on the wrong day, and they are closed, there may be disappointed sighing. They close early, so go in the evening.
3	The grill reminds me of the simple formula that pervades too many places today.  This formula states that cheese, cream, grease, or heavy sauces are required to make any dish serviceable. I'm not saying that this isn't a bad formula, but it does show some laziness for hiding behind those things.Everything that I've had there is decent...it just follows that formula.  The Shrimp Quesadilla, for example, is good but completely saturated in their heavy seafood sauce.  Really too rich and overdone.  The same can be said for the 2-3 other things I've tried there.Good service, bad ambiance, incredibly awkward place mens room, and a decent place if you live in Gilbert and need an alternative to mom's casserole.
3	Only been here once, Our waitress was bubbly to say the least.  I had the classic taco/enchilada/beans& rice combo & it was fair at best, the taco being the most eatable.  My wife had the Camarones Rancheros and she claims it was the best she ever had.  The salsa was way mild so we asked for hot salsa, when she came back she said to be careful, its like fire, well closer to ice than fire & it didnt have any taste on top of it.  If I was in the neighborhood I'd give it another try, but wouldn't go out of my way.
4	This is one of the best mexican restaurants in the valley. Although it isn't exactly authentic flavors, the food is delicious and cheap. I especially like their mango salsa tacos (I can't remember what they're called).The chips and salsa come free here and are excellent. The green salsa and beans are especially good although they charge for extra beans.This is a great place for smaller groups but large groups will want to stay away because it is a small restaurant and you'll end up waiting forever to be seated.
4	I probably go to gecko grill more then any other Mexican food restaurant, and I pretty much get the special chimi with the sauce inside and out. They also have good shrimp tacos.
5	Awesome food, best shrimp ceviche in town!  Awesome prices and I've never had a bad experience there - all the employees are always extremely nice.  Only down side is they no longer have their location in Queen Creek!
5	The bean dip is awesome!
4	Great atomsphere.    Friendly staff.      Great food.     Love their bean dip.    One of the best small mexican restaurants in the valley.    Great spanish corn.   Their cheese sauces [spinach-tops] are wonderful.
5	Can I get a what, what? This place is freaking awesome! I come here frequently with mi esposa (wife) and we always split the "Two of a Kind" two shrimp tacos, they're amazing, and I am not even a big fan of shrimp!Also their shrimp mango quesadilla is rather good! Either way, best Mexican Food in the East Valley hands down!
2	I chose this place for a few reasons. 1. I was craving Mexican food. 2. I had a coupon. 3. The yelp reviews seemed decent. Honestly, I should have known I wouldn't have liked the food when the complimentary chips and salsa were brought to the table. The green salsa was overly sweet and the red salsa had little, if any flavor. Yeah...moving on. I ordered the spinach enchiladas and the BF ordered the Crab relleno. The "crab" was actually imitation crab, which is fine, but it should be listed as such. The spinach enchiladas left something to be desired. Bottom line. I would have been more than satisfied eating Taco Bell. Yeah. It was that bad.
5	Came here because of a bad experience at florindinos... ( I should have known better) the food here is always amazing.  The staff is very attentive and the place was packed! (it's almost 2pm on a Wednesday!) my server was busy with larger parties but my drink was never empty! (Araceli) I've never had a bad experience here!
4	I've eaten here for years. I love their bean dip and green chili salsa that comes out with the free chips. I always get the chicken chimichanga with spinach white cheese sauce (see "Special Chimi" on menu). So delicious and the only Mexican food place I know with that kind of sauce. I recommend this place to anyone in the East Valley area.
4	Love the gecko grill! I've been here a few times and have loved everything I've tried. Their menu offers the mexican food basics but does them without the excess lard/oil. Their cheese bean dip is out of this world delicious! I have friends from out of town that wish they could bottle it up and take it home! The only missing feature is alcohol! That said, we always see lots of families bring their kids here... so its great for that!
5	I love the gecko grill. We go there about once every couple of months and have always had a great time. We take the kids and it's great for them too. The location is a little small, but the food is great...especially the bean dip, which I always order more of. The servers have always been great, especially helping to accommodate our kids.
5	This is my favorite place for authentic Mexican food! They have endless chips & salsa but you have to pay extra for a re-fill of their awesome bean dip. They only have fountain Pepsi products but they do offer cans of Coke products. Their plates are huge and everything is under priced.  They usually have a long wait during dinner and only have a tiny area inside for you to wait.  They do have seating outside but no outside dinning.
4	I love Gecko Grill and have been numerous times love the shrimp dishes. Its a small gem of a place with good food and great service.
5	My family and I go to to gecko grill all the time. They have great food with unique flavors and excellent service!
1	While this place has great food, it is the WORST customer service I have ever seen. Total disorganization during busy times, they ignore you when you're standing in line to pick up food and in general have no clue how to handle a busy restaurant. Chef Ramsey would have a heart attack....The food is not good enough for me to stand in line an hour to pick up a called in order only to be told it wasn't ready yet and they didn't know when it would be.Lost a customer...
5	I am so sad to hear that Gecko Grill has closed at this location.   It was a great place to eat and all their food including the salsa and bean dip was absolutely fabulous.      This place will be sorely missed.    Want to see you back if possible.    Our prayers are with you.
1	yelp suggested it and it's out of business!! there was a note on the door saying the landlord was taking back the property.
1	Glad they closed!!They were the worst service I have ever had in my life. The food was good, but the service was horrible.
4	So sad to discover that this place closed.  They didn't serve alcohol, so that's a bummer, but major points for the shrimp and mango quesadillas.  Maybe they will reopen elsewhere and serve those....they were so good. :(
3	I was sad and disappointed to see that Gecko Grill closed!  I was out with my friend and we were both craving fish tacos and Gecko Grill immediately came to mind.  We show up and all the signage is turned off and it looks emptied... sad.Well, just so you know what you were missing.. I'll share.The only thing I ever ordered from here was their salmon, fish, and shrimp tacos.  They were wildly inventive!  Besides being cooked well, they had this yummy fruit salsa (mangos, pineapple, cilantro, onions, etc) that varied on each seafood taco, but was always so complimentary.  I have not been able to find salmon, fish, or shrimp tacos with a fruit salsa THAT good... that is a huge bummer to me.I went once with some other folks and, unfortunately, it seems their tacos were the only good thing.  My husband had some carne asada tacos and sides and found everything on his plate was sub-par and so did my cousin... so, that's where you get 3 stars.. plus the place inside was kinda creepy pink.... it was a very un-appetizing color.
