5	Steve Sales is Amazing!  He helped me get into the perfect home and helps me whenever I need anything.  He is very knowledgeable and answers all your questions as if you were his best friend.
5	It's difficult to find a real estate agent that really listens to what what you want in a home and is willing to be patient and persistent in the search to find it.  Steve Sales worked hard to find exactly what I was looking for and we found it.  Don't settle for an agent that shows you 5 or 6 houses and then pushes you to compromise or pawns you off on an associate.  Steve knows the local market, is willing to share his knowledge and insight, is patient, persistent, professional and will work hard to help you find what you are looking for - and for these reasons I give him my highest recommendation.
5	We originally dealt with Steven Sales as our Agent to buy a home in Henderson in 2011. We dealt with him long distance from New Jersey and met with him to look at homes in Henderson. He was totally professional and on target with our requirements and we found the perfect home and the whole transaction was handled by him here as we returned to New Jersey. He made the deal quick and easy for us and handled all the details so all we had to do was move here and move in to our new home. He recently helped us find the perfect rental for our Granddaughter here in Henderson and she loves the place that he found for her. I would recommend Steven Sales to the most discriminating clientele and have confidence that he would satisfy all of their needs. He is by far and away the best real estate agent I have ever dealt with over the years.
5	We are moving from Chicago to the Vegas area and used Steve Sales as our real estate agent.  This is the best move we could have ever made.  Steve listened to our unique requirements and didn't waste our time with homes that were not a logical fit.  He really knows the market and negotiated a great deal for us and even got us owner financing. Steve went WAY above and Beyond to make us happy.  After meeting us he then sent us a video of a home he thought we would like.  We bought it off the video.  Later he picked us up at the airport, dropped us off at our hotel and even after the closing
5	I was in search of a new home in Las Vegas, and had gotten the fortunate opportunity to deal with Steven Sales. He's without a doubt one of the best agents to work with. He's highly knowledge  of the current and past markets as well as the areas, very informative of the technical aspects of a home allowing him to recognize things about a home that someone who is just an "agent" may not recognize. He was very patient, as well as persevering  in his search to find the perfect home for me, seeing as many homes as we needed until we found the one that was the perfect match. At no point at all did I feel he was rushing or pushing me into a property that I wasn't interested in as this can be a stressful thing already to do. After dealing with Steven, theres a good chance you may feel disappointed by any and every single real estate agent you've dealt with before. I highly recommend him and will continue to refer anyone I can to him.
