4	I have had two appointments at Advanced Arthritis Care & Research (so far) and have loved both experiences. The office staff on site is super sweet and uplifting. They always end the phone call with, "Have a blessed day." Somehow they make paperwork a happy experience and haven't had me in the waiting room longer than 10 minutes despite my getting there for my appointment early. They lost a star because I left a message on a monday afternoon and never got a call back.I have been seeing the nurse practitioner, Maria Nasta, FNP-C, who has been one of the best caregivers I've worked with and I've seen many. She is thorough, asks lots of questions and really wants to get to the bottom of the problem. Where most caregivers have seen me out with a prescription and a farewell, Maria gave me alternative treatment ideas, an order for lab work to learn more about the root cause and a goal for the next appointment. We are so close to an answer and I look forward to working with Advanced Arthritis Care & Research and Maria to get that answer.
4	Yes, the doctor's bedside manner could use some help.  I miss his Nurse Practitioner Maria.  She was wonderful.  But even without her, I still get quality care and the office staff is friendly.  A note to the previous reviewer who was told no children allowed.  I have a weakened immune system.  I have children.  I get sick.  They get sick.  There is no need to spread the germs to people who get sick easily.  I understand that it's not always easy to not take a child to the doctor with you, but you have to remember there are other people that go there that have a very hard time recovering from illnesses brought in by children.  That's nothing against children, I love them.
1	I guess I'm one of those that is totally disgusted as well. Have had a hard time finding a rheumatologist and definitely won't go back here again..Dr. Rizzo and his staff are less than ideal. He actually told me people "my age" don't have Rheumatoid Arthritis and any positive I must have gotten on a test was incorrect. He told me to use "mind over matter" to manage my pain, be the lightest weight possible for my body type and take two tylenol as needed. He did not do a proper exam of me to begin with, and already had me in tears. It is frustrating to take off work, wait a month for an appt, be snubbed by the receptionist and then be asked "why are you here?!?!" from the doctor who you can clearly tell is not taking you seriously.Find someone else, anyone else. I advise against trusting Dr. Rizzo with your rheumatoid arthritis.Wish I would have noticed the other reviews about him on www.ratemds.com before making an appointment with him, and I hope to save you the same experience!
