3	It's nothing fancy and you need to be fit to enter.  The steep climb of stairs may have you out of breath when you reach the top.  It's rather small but quaint and there is a single bar.  We didn't have reservations so we weren't able to order dinner but they did serve the folks who had done so.  The restrooms were clean and I may visit again in the future if the right show comes around.
5	This is a small and comfortable place. This is a great place to just chill and relax. The people here are friendly and welcoming. This is a great place to just hang out.
2	I've been here 5+ times so this review is a compilation of all of my experiences/observations.  Concept - 5 starsExecution - 2.5 starsThe good:1.  Supports local arts and provides varied affordable entertainment.  You can see plays, burlesque, comedy shows etc here.  It's really one of a kind in Charlotte.  That's all I've got folks.The Bad:1.  The venue.  Tight, cramped with mismatched very uncomfortable chairs.  Unless you get one of the random office chairs..those are decent, but have you ever tried to roll an office chair up to a table and eat dinner.  Yeah awkward as hell.  2.  Boudreaux's is offered if you want to eat.  Great concept, but the food kinda sucks - in desperation the chips and artichoke dip is a decent option.3.  The staff.  The tattooed female bartenders can never be bothered to you know, wait on people who get the unfortunate honor of sitting at the bar.  Attitudes also suck.  Hard.  Worst customer service I've experienced in a bar in a very long time...and it's consistently bad.4.  The owner/manager - Always has to give a pre/post talk that is self-aggrandizing and boring.  Dude I support your venue consistently despite the obvious negatives, I really don't wanna have to listen to you as part of the deal.5.  The bathrooms - not always the cleanest and they are 'right there' so if you get sick from the greasy Boudreaux's food (and trust me you most likely will) all of Upstage will hear/smell you.  Sorry to be gross, but it's true.6.  They can never get a seating arrangement/ request right.  It's a small venue.  We've been several times. Once they lost our reservation and we were stuck at the bar right next to the funky bathroom. After two different shows where we sat at the bar, I finally got fed up  and made a note on the reservation that said "please do not seat us at the bar."  So they put us on the extreme side w/ a view of the backs of the actors (about 30% of the 2nd act was made up of the backs of the actors).Finally  - the straw that broke the camel's (ok my back) was when I was chased out by one of the tatooed waitresses this evening.  Yeah where was she the umpteen times I"d been there and begged to be served.  Anyways, she accused us of leaving w/o paying.  I was incensed   The male bartender (who's new and actually was quite nice) did not start a tab for me.  That's where the issue began.  I got a drink before curtain.  At intermission I asked the owner/manager to cash me out.  He inquired what was my name on the tab.  I told him I did not have a tab and gave him a 20 dollar bill for my one drink.  Fast forward to the end of the show and as we were leaving I did not expect to be accosted asking about my tab.  That's a miss-communication  between staff - not my problem.  If i wasn't so lazy I'd probably have gone back in and snatched back the tip I left on the table.  No one in that venue deserves a tip of any kind..unless it's a tip on how to provide decent service. So in summary - There are many many many things to dislike about Upstage...and I do.  However the mission is great and one I support.  To that end I will continue to go, but I will refuse to give them a dime more then my affordable ticket price.
5	Best local arts venue in Charlotte! Great supporter of love entertainment! Awesome stage and manager. Totally recommend! The drinks are fantastic!
5	Upstage is a great space with an incredible atmosphere. This event bar always has something going on. From theater productions, slam poetry and music events to comedy shows and karaoke. The staff are excellent at keeping your glass full and at making expert level cocktails. Fun for private events or a night on the town. "The best place in NODA for comedy and home to Robot Johnson."
5	A great venue for the arts, regular performances with a variety of comedy, poetry, music, theatre, etc.  The staff is friendly and you've always got the option of food with the Boudreaux's menu available.
5	Talented, friendly staff along with nonstop entertainment through the week. Regardless of when you stop in, you are bound to catch some local artists doing some incredible things. Definitely a great Noda stop!
5	Attended for the first time in order to catch "Completely Hollywood (Unabridged)".  Show was terrific, and the cozy seating makes the show that much more intimate.  Food is catered in from nearby, definitely have to try that next time.  My cocktail was awesome (ordered off-menu) and it is cool that there is a small table next to you to place it on.  All in all a very welcoming experience and I know we will return soon.
