4	This is a great mountain golf course.  I played this golf course when it first opened and there wasn't a home on the course (I know it's unbelievable).  Now, the course is littered with homes but it still is a great test of desert golf.  #18 is classic and Sam and I saw first hand a coyote take a golf ball right off the fairway.  Desert Rules!!
4	Sunridge is great to place to play if your looking for a challenging desert course. Make sure to bring an extra sleeve of balls because the desert will eat them up, as well as your game. The staff is super friendly, but beware of Jeff who works the outside services. He'll chew your ear off for an hour about Iowa and a load of shit about how he's so good at golf. The final 3 holes are the most challenging on the course and will remind you that you suck at golf. The wind is always blowing there which can only add to the challenge. The views are great because you can see an whole other set of mountain that are not seen from most of the valley. Overall its a must try course if you enjoy a challenge.
5	Sunridge Canyon has been one of my very favorite courses since I first played it 6+ years ago. I have to admit I did work here for a two-year span several years ago, but it was one of my favorites before, during, and since then.It's not as hyped as Grayhawk, Troon, and some other courses but it's just as great of a layout, if not better than some of the more popular high-end courses in the valley (definitely better than the overrated Grayhawk). The course has the rare distinction of being very playable yet very challenging at the same time. You'll be toast if you don't hit it fairly straight on most holes, but you won't be punished for hitting it where you intended like some of the blind-shot-heavy courses (i.e. We-Ko-Pa) here in the valley. I've shot in the 70s one day and in the 90s the next out there.Besides the superb and scenic layout, I also like the simplicity of the overall complex. It's not at a big resort, there aren't multiple courses, and there is no grand clubhouse (not that all those things are always bad). It's just the 18 holes, pro shop, and a restaurant that serves up some pretty solid food. The staff is friendly and helpful, too. It's like a neighborhood course albeit a high-end one. They have some great summer rates for locals this summer: Any day, any time for only $35. I recommend all valley golfers to enjoy that rate while it lasts. I played yesterday and the course was in good shape tee-to-green, and outstanding shape on the greens. It's been awhile since I've seen greens roll this well on a $35 course here in town.One last, but important, note: It gets WINDY out here. As in, it gets windy every day. The course plays through a canyon and the winds are swirling all the time. An early morning tee time is best since it gives you your best chance to take on the uphill back-nine without the wind gusting in your face.
4	This is a good course with great scenery.  All of the holes are interesting, so you'll leave with a memorable experience.  It is definitely challenging, especially if you haven't played it before.  A little course knowledge would have been very useful out there.The staff was also very helpful and friendly.  Practice facilities were adequate.  The greens were rolling very fast, which I liked.  The only complaint I had about the place is that the fairways really weren't in great shape for a $50 course.  There were enough dead patches to force you to hit off of bare ground every now and then.  The 16th green was also in very bad shape.  The layout was great, but the course really should've been in better condition (although they did have some sprinklers attacking some of the dead areas, so maybe they're working on it).
5	I love Sunridge Canyon Golf Club. I had my wedding here on a Sunday morning. We had the brunch buffet as my wedding recepetion. It was perfect. The food was fantastic. The staff was so nice an accomediating. They kept up with my family and friends requests. I could not have asked for more. The location is so beautiful.
4	I just played this course today and was amazed by it. I was a little skeptical at first before playing it because I read Scott S's one star review on here a couple days ago saying how the course hadn't seen water forever and was in the worst shape he's ever seen it in 7 years. Obviously Scott S of Illinois has been the most oblivious golfer in AZ if he's been golfing here 7 years and hasn't figured out what over-seeding is! Anyways, I've played Grayhawk and Troon North and have to say that the scenery and course layout is very comprable to these courses except for it being a fraction of the price. I did play sunridge 3 days after it opened back up from overseeding so the greens were very slow because they hadn't mowed them down but that's understandable. Right off the bat, I was very satisfied though from the first tee box. The starter was an old timer who had been playing the course for quite some time. He gave us the run down on the course, how the greens played, tips for some of the wicked six holes, etc....Definitely haven't had a starter out there doing that before!  I gave them only 4 stars because there were at least 3 broken sprinklers I noticed in the fairways which is hard to accept since they have had the last 3 weeks of closed course to fix them. Also there were minor issues with the attention to detail...dirt and grass clumps in various places along course...............Bottom Line-would I pay $150 dollars to have these things removed so I could feel like I'm at Troon or Grayhawk? No, This is such a great bargain here. FYI....You're in for a real treat on the Wicked 6 on the back nine.
5	This is my favorite course in the greater Phoenix area. The course is challenging, and the views are amazing!This course is one that for some reason is generally overlooked as one of the best (in my opionion the best)  course in Phoenix. It is off the beaten path a lttile, (sitting in Fountain Hills) but is really worth the extra 10 minuet drive. Staff is excellent, The last 6 holes (the Wicked 6) are a fresh idea in ending a course, and I enjoy it thuroughly. The practice green is well kept, and is a great determination of how the course greens are. The chipping green is one of my favorites in town.Cart girls are friendly, and always smiling. Prices are just right!Im always coming back, and they never give me a reason to not come back!
5	After several weeks of looking at various venues in the valley for our wedding ceremony, we happened upon Sunridge Canyon Golf Club.  The course is absolutely beautiful, and the views are breathtaking!  We met with Food & Beverage Manager, Brian Gillmore, who was extremely nice and easygoing.  Since we were having our reception elsewhere, we only needed a ceremony site (if you're looking for ceremony and reception, they do that too).  Before coming to Sunridge, we toured all the usual suspects, including but not limited to, The Castle at Ashely Manor, Trilogy at Vistancia, Stonebridge Manor, Villa Sienna, and Inspirador.  While the aforementioned places had their own charm, Sunridge Canyon just felt different.  It was quiet, it was peaceful, it was amazingly manicured and the waterfall and lake were great for photo ops.Equally as amazing as the grounds was Brian.  From the very beginning, we wanted our wedding to be a small, intimate, relaxed, fun affair.  We spoke with Brian on the phone and met with him the next afternoon.  He was extremely knowledgeable, flexible, and really easy going.  We liked this, as his personality and demeanor fit right into what we wanted for our wedding.  At the conclusion of our meeting, my fiance even remarked, "that was easy!," to which Brian replied, "well, we like to keep it simple...no need to unnecessarily complicate things."  At that moment we KNEW we needn't look further for a ceremony location.  Imagine our (pleasant) surprise when we discovered the price was not only reasonable, but about 20% of what we had budgeted for a ceremony venue!  Can't say enough great things about Brian and Sunridge Canyon.  The day of our ceremony was perfect, everything was in order, and Brian executed our plans to perfection!If you're looking for a spectacular place to get married, head out to Sunridge for a tour, and ask for Brian.  You will not be disappointed!
5	This course was awesome to play. It is one of the toughest desert course I have ever played. The layout is great. The staff goes above and beyond to make you feel welcome. I would rate this course a top 10 in the east valley. The Wicked Six is just that.
2	This is a fun track  at a reasonable rate.However the greens were extremely fuzzy - like a 4 on the Stemp-meter.  This is something that any group playing the course should be told about, or receive a discount for.  I have played plenty of "pasture golf" in my life,  never with greens this patheticI used to try to play this track every time I was PHX area, but now it will be a long time before I return
4	A top notch Bermuda-laced track located in the golf corridor of Fountain Hills and home to the infamous Wicked Six.  The course was in excellent condition, especially the back nine.  Tee boxes were in good condition but a few needed some re-seeding.  The fairways were in excellent condition, easily delineated from the rough which was burnt-out Bermuda.  The greens, as some recent reviews have noted, were not as fast as most Phoenix-area resorts courses but they hardly turn play into a round of "pasture golf".  Chip and runs and long putts need to be given an extra bit of muscle but it's not like your putting on unkept muni course back East. Scoring on the front nine is a must because once you make the turn, your golf game can turn ugly fast.  Whatever tees your playing, the uphill climb of the final eight holes, especially the aptly termed, Wicked Six, turns what's nominally on the scorecard to something literally 400 yards longer.  The wide open fairways are forgiving but  even the scratch golfer will be pulling out his 3 wood, 4, 5, and 6 irons on this stretch of holes.  SunRidge Canyon is not perfect by any stretch of the imagination and there are better courses in the Phoenix area but the scenery, modest green fees (by Phoenix standards) and back nine alone is worth the price of admission.
4	Nice desert-style course with reasonable rates and some very nice views.Course conditions are usually good, sometimes better than others.Staff comes to your car as you pull up to bag drop area.There is a decent practice range, short game (chips and sand) and putting greens.The 1st hole is very easy to help get off to a good start.The next 8 holes are downhill and definitely the easier 9.The last 6 holes are all pretty long and UPHILL.They are very hard and hopefully you aren't having a bad round by this point because you will shortly.From a design perspective, the first 9 are too easy and the back 9 (especially last 6) are too tough. Play definitely slows down on the back 9.A ranger goes around but can only do so much.There is a nice patio area to unwind after the round.The views to mountains out to the back patio are great.They just put in a fire pit but I haven't been there later in the day.One of the nicer courses in the F Hills area.Especially if you get one of the discount rates/times.
1	This review is for the new restaurant at SunRidge called Wicked 6 which is part of the Mod Restaurants in Scottsdale, Renegade being one of them. This bar & grill opened last week and I think they need to close their doors until they can work out the kinks. The staff are extremely under trained, we asked our waitress 3 times to give us the names of the cheeses & meats on the cheese platter, she told us it was something that started with an 'm', and that she couldn't remember what the 'guy' told her. We asked if the meat was liver and she said no but that she really didn't know what it was, turned out it was liver pate. We would not have ordered this expensive tray if we knew 3/4 of it was a pate we didn't care for. We also ordered bruschetta, although pretty it was completely tasteless, the tomatoes weren't red and the balsamic was watery. We never received plates to use with the appetizers even though we asked several times. We were served Martinis in stemless wine glasses and no cocktail napkins. She said they didn't have any other type of glass. She brought us a wine list that had two wines on it, I'm pretty sure she should have been able to memorize 2 wines. The two tables next to us called the manager over twice trying to correct their poorly cooked meals. This is a beautiful setting, but for the prices they are charging Wicked 6 and their new chef need to regroup. Scottsdale is full of amazing restaurants, this is not one of them.
1	We had lunch at the restaurant. The food was excellent, the view was excellent, the service is the worst! Our waitress did not provide the appropriate condiments to go with our meal (salt and pepper) etc. We asked for the condiments we like with out meal. We waited a long time and did not start eating. She finally came by and asked how our meal was. We said we were waiting for our condiments and drinks. Her excuse was she was distracted. There are many trained servers out there that should have her job. This is not the first time we have terrible service. We keep trying to give it another chance because of the quality of the food and the view.
4	It's in good shape. The problem with SunRidge Canyon is that it's hard. As in hard to the point that it's not that much fun. Add about 6 strokes to whatever your score is at any other course and I'm about a 11.
5	.
