4	I was waiting for this place to open!  I lived about 2 miles away and used to drive out to Scottsdale, so this was a huge win for me.Being a new place, the equipment was all brand new, the locker rooms, saunas, and other accessories were all new, and that was just great.  I had never been to a 24 Hour Fitness that was brand spankin' new before.The graveyard people that worked there over the time I frequented this location always said the same thing, though.  They didn't like the layout of the place, and the location in general meant the place was always empty.  Obviously the latter point is better for the gym rats who aren't so much into the crowds, but the layout to me seemed fine. Your basic warehouse-style with one huge space.Since I don't do much swimming I didn't miss the lack of a pool.  The saunas (wet and dry) were also somewhat small, but that dry sauna was hot and rock solid (no dank smell, etc-- remember, the whole place was new, don't know how it is today).Some really nice people there as well, working and working out.  Sometimes I went during the day (around 10am, or maybe 2pm or so) and the place was never packed.  Overall a nice setup, a good location with decent parking, good equipment and nice people.
3	Having been to about ten 24 Hour Fitness locations here and in California, this location is probably one of the least impressive.  While the staff is friendly and the gym itself is clean, the facility is small and on only one floor (note that it is a 24 Hour Active, not a 24 Hour Sport), and has an industrial feel - like it used to be an old Costco.  Weird.   It's never really all that busy, so waits for machines or weights are minimal.  Gymgoers in North Phoenix will be happy to know that a new 24 Hour Fitness Sport is opening on 43rd Ave. and Bell in May.
3	This review is dedicated to Dominique (one of the managers at this location) because he seems to love being the center of attention!  Why else would you bring your ELECTRIC GUITAR to the gym???Dom, maybe you think it's cool to serenade us with your crappy, 5-second guitar riffs... but it's not, knock it off.  I'm here to lift weights, do cardio and get sweaty... not listen to you show off like some sort of "guitar hero".  If you can't tell yet, I'm unimpressed and listening to you makes me angry!As for the rest of the gym, I got no complaints.  It's pretty standard and kept clean.  Dan H. covered the details pretty well.  :)
2	Is it bad that I have an active membership to this gym and I am only giving it 2 stars?  I guess it's fine, but compared to where I was working out before (oh Mountainside at Bell and the 101, I miss you so...) it is night and day.  The location is so convenient though that it doesn't make sense to join anywhere else.The ellipticals work.  Other than that, pretty blah -- fuzzy TVs that are always turned to Fox News, the feel of a big cement converted warehouse, staffers that seem zoned out all the time.  I enjoy the people watching and the other gym-goers seem to be "normal" people and friendly, so that's worth some points...almost enough for that third star.  Almost.
4	I've been to many-a-24 Hour Fitness.  Overall I'm probably most satisfied because it's so close to my house.  The pluses for this gym:Very decent cardio equipment - not the newest, but certainly not old either.Free weights, benches, and other machines are in good condition.Never too busy, except around 6 - 8 pm or so.  Not really a sleazy meat-market, but not devoid of decent looking people in case that's your thing.And the minus - it's an "active" type of the 24-Hour Fitness chain.  Therefore, less amenities, classes are less frequent, and it's missing some good equipment.  I really wish there were more "free motion" type cable machines.  But then again, that's what you are paying for, unless you opt for the membership that allows you access to all different levels of clubs (such as the "sport" or "ultra-sport" clubs).  And  thus I have to go to the Scottsdale or Biltmore locations for my Spin classes because there just aren't enough in the times that I want to go. The staff are generally pretty friendly and Dominique (the GM) runs a pretty tight shop.   All in all, it's a good place to get fit in a reasonable amount of time on decent equipment.  If you need a gym "scene" or if you are looking for the best of the best equipment, you may be disappointed.  Personally, it gets the job done.
4	As a fairly discriminate gym hopper, I am surprisingly pleased with 24 hour fitness.  The staff is friendly and helpful. The facilities are pretty clean.  I have never had to share a lane in the pool (which is just irritating).  I was pretty amused by the um..variety of patrons.  I mean I have seen ALL types, sizes and ages here, which is really cool.  Definitely not your typical meat market gym.  My only complaints are very  banal and useless, so I won't even bother.  Finding a gym I am comfortable at is the key to consistency for me, so I am super happy I decided to give 24 hour fitness a try.
4	I've tried LA Fitness, Pure Fitness, and other gyms in the valley. So far i am really liking the 24 Hour Fitness facilities and staff.  Pure and LA always seem like meat markets to me, and smaller gyms will just rip you off. This gym never seems too busy and they have decent cardio and weight equipment.
3	I've been going to this gym for a couple of years now.  I have to admit, it ranks 10 times higher than the Pure Fitness gym I belonged to a mile down the road.  But, that doesn't mean that there isn't room for big improvements.Here's what I do like:Not too crowded and lots of equipment available for cardio workouts.The staff is friendly and seems to enjoy working there. The membership price is reasonable.Convenient location to my house.Cons...Last year the temperature in the gym during the summer was excruciatingly warm.  Imagine trying to do high intensity cardio in a sauna...that's what it felt like.  I know temperatures in gyms are supposed to be set at about 72 to 74 degrees.  The temperature readings I saw on the thermometers were consistently 78 and 79 degrees.  I mentioned this several times to management and all I got was those temperatures aren't correct and that they would look into it. (As you can see, this one is big for me.)Management doesn't seem to address concerns of members.Only one time have I seen a trainer or staff go through and pick up the area putting weights in their proper place and cleaning up any trash on the floor.  (Hey, they shouldn't have to clean up after members I know but...not all members have the integrity to put the weights away themselves after using them.)I watch some of the TVs while doing cardio.  Sometimes they have trash shows that do nothing to motive me on the TV.  When working out I need something to inspire me to keep focused and energized and not bring me down.  Jerry Springer and the news with all of it's negative stories doesn't do it.  How about a couple of sports channels, health channel, and some feel good kind of stuff?I'll keep going to the gym because of price and convenience but if another option became available, I would check it out in a heart beat.
1	24 Hour Fitness corporate ripped me off.  Plain and simple.[BTW, this review is not necessarily a reflection of this particular location, but this was my gym.]I called the number on the main website in July '10 to cancel my membership.  I was told that I would be billed for August anyway and that I could continue to go to the gym until the middle of August.  Which I didn't.  It's now November and much to my dismay I discover I've been billed for September and October.  Yes, true, perhaps I should check my account a little more regularly, but I wasn't expecting to get ripped off.  Come today, I actually step foot in the gym and was told "the manager will get back to me but I should have canceled through them, not call the number from the main website.  You know, the number that reads, "Membership cancellation."Which I did.  Called the corporate number again.  And was told there was no notation next to my name which indicated that I ever called!  Can you believe it?  Apparently, they didn't.  However, as a "courtesy," they'll refund me for a whole month."  Then - "You should have canceled through us and not the actual gym."Which I didn't.  So - which is it?  Do you call the number on the main website or do you cancel through the gym?    I did everything according to contract and still got screwed!  24 Hour Fitness corporate set a bad example of customer service, and their deceitful business practice cost them a future customer.  Whether the person whom I originally spoke to on the phone was blatantly or unwittingly negligent is irrelevant.  They should have given the customer the benefit of the doubt.  It's too bad that companies these days are so short sighted.  I'm moving and would have totally signed up with them again IF THEY DIDN'T RIP ME OFF.
1	Conversing with the manager has reiterated my initial impression - which I'll keep to myself.  After informing me that he, unlike Corporate, would not have refunded me a dime (re:  one month "courtesy" refund), he had the audacity to suggest I join a 24 Hour Fitness near my new place of residence.Sorry but 24 Hour Fitness is not even a contender on the short list, or any list, for that matter.
2	I have been attending this gym for 2 years now. I came from Lifetime which I do miss. But, I do not miss the 20 minutes drive and the insanely crowded kid center. This gym will do the trick. I got the Costco deal where you pay $300 and get a two year membership. It works out to like 12 bucks a month. My kids do like the kids center better here just because there aren't as many children here as there were at Lifetime. BUT- lately I have had some annoyances which is why I am writing the review. First the Pros: The instructors are pretty good. At least, the ones I exclusively pick are amazing! Lisa, Terri, and Evelyn are awesome and their classes never disappoint. On the few times they have gotten subs I have straight up walked out because those instructors were terrible. I may be overly loyal to these ladies but I love their classes. Most of the girls in the kid center are nice. My girls love them. The people who attend are all very friendly and it is NOT a meet market. The locker room, bathrooms, and showers are always clean and kept that way. The gym is clean all around. CONS: Lately the kid center has been full. Dominick KNOWS it is summer yet my sister has been turned away FOUR TIMES in the past two weeks. FOUR TIMES! The first time he has promised it wouldn't happen again and yet when we went to the spin class friday it was full. Look, HIRE ENOUGH PEOPLE. It is summer! There will be more children in there! It is common sense and to not have fixed the problem after the first time is just POOR MANAGEMENT. It's hot in there sometimes. Dominick doesn't care about customer concerns. THE EQUIPMENT HAS BEEN BREAKING all the time. It used to be just one treadmill here and there and now it is like FOUR. I went to a spin class and the pedal on my bike just fell right off. The awesome Lisa (instructor) let me use her bike because she is so nice and wanted me to have a good work out. If Costco doesn't have their deal again I am seriously shopping around. If I am going to pay a monthly fee I'm getting a nicer membership. Not Lifetime as that place is too far and too expensive, but somewhere where the machines at least work and the manager seems to care.
4	The staff here was friendly, the gym always clean and the kids loved to spend time in their kids club.  I wish all the 24 hour fitness facilities were this well kept and managed.
1	I really don't like this gym. I haven't had much luck with ever coming in when a friendly staff member is working. Most of the people seem either uninterested in their job or uninformed about what their job is. It smells sweaty when you walk in. The locker rooms are not good- no tv's, no swim suit dryer, and no privacy if you need to shower. Please renovate and hire a more enthusiastic staff!
3	I have been going to gyms for a long time.. but i rarely like them.  I do like 24hr. They have everything I want for the most part.  I like it more because I know when to go so it is not crowded.They have fair pricing, and no contract and I can go to anyone in the valley which works because I am all over the valley often. So I think it is pretty good.  The staff is cool too.  I don't like the fact that they don't have a punching bag.  Sometimes I just want to beat on the bag and you can't do that with the ones I have been to.  The TV's need to be upgraded also.But overall it is a good experience.
4	Been a member with 24 for at least 10 years now and have frequented many, many, many different locations. When I first moved to PHX, I was kinda down that this location was closest to my house, and not a new or renovated one (hello, Tech Center in Vancouver--well, when it first opened at least ;p). My opinion changed quickly. The staff was always nice--the gym manager always present-it was obvious who he was because he always went above and beyond to make sure everything was going well, etc. Never a long wait for the treads, elip's, or ski machines. My favorite thing about this gym was the TKB classes and the instructors. Before my 'life' at 24 hour, I had been with Golds for a good 5 years at least and been kickboxing well before Tae-Bo made it popular (live strong, Billy Blanks!).  I am totally picky about instructors and their technique, energy, etc.Melanie is, by far, the best instructor ever. Though I travel relentlessly for work, I found myself negotiating my calendar to make sure I'd be back in town to make her classes. Even if my flight got me in damn-near midnight on Friday night, my butt would be up and at the gym by 9am Saturday morning---so motivating. Laura was great for the Monday morning 930am classes and Kris as well throughout the week.Now that I live in the Bay again, I have YET to find an instructor as motivating as Melanie. There was one at the Pleasanton Supersport, but they have the shottiest service, I'm about to boycott them even though they're closest to me (totally rather go to San Ramon instead). Don't give up on this location just because its not the newest or prettiest. Its busy, and not crazy busy. Goes back to 'cant judge a book by its cover'! :)
4	If you're looking to hook up, pose or grab quick shag in your designer, (never sweat) work out clothes, then this is not the place for you.Great range of equipment without the high prices and posers you (will) find in Scottsdale gyms and their like.Staff are friendly, membership is inexpensive, and the facility is clean........ladies, no one is going to chat you up, or ogle you ( unless you like it), you can work out, and enjoy it, without the agro of trying to look "pretty", "available" etc, etc.Clean Jacuzzi, sauna and steam room add to the benefits.
4	I have been going to this gym for over 2 years and have very little to complain about.  I like that it is never too crowded...who wants to wait for a cardio machine or bench? I feel very comfortable in the free weights section, and feel good about doing my own thing and not feeling the need to "impress" anyone. And I love, love, love Melanie's turbokick class on Saturday mornings! I used to like to sleep in on Saturdays, but not since discovering this class! When I during the weekday mornings, the guy working there is always very friendly and upbeat. Some of the girls at the front counter are a little dense, but as long as I can get a good workout in, who cares? Plus, this location is WAY BETTER than the Scottsdale Rd. and T-bird location, even though that is a Sport and this is an Active. I would rather go to this location any day of the week.
4	In the almost year since I wrote my first review, this 24hr Fitness has undergone a complete managment handover- and it shows!The gym is getting updated, they've changed the cleaning company and it's not a bazillion degrees inside the gym.I acually received a lengthy email from the new gym Manager (Brad). Rather than defend the aged conditions of the gym, he went through each of my addresed concerns and took ownership of the issues...in the end, I have to say I was thoroughly impressed with his professionalism.My wife and I have started attending the GroupX classes. If you're tired of the mundane-ness of lifting/running, you have to check out BodyPump. I have to admit, I was a bit of a skeptic at first...I saw lots of women in the class and not a lot of men.Turns out- the class kicks your @ss. If you're going to check it out, I suggest you go with one hosted by Candice (Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays). She's a great instructor and her down-to-earth, I'm-in-this-with-you approach to instructing is a nice change and provides a bit of comical relief between the moans and groans of a hard workout.Brad's mentioned the gym is going to be updating the equipment and televisions (my two biggest issues). My membership costs me all of $9 a month- beggars cant be choosy and truth is, Mountainside, Lifetime, or Golds couldn't come close to offering me a plan that cheap.The service has dramatically improved and though the building and equipment may show it's age, if you want to worry more about burning calories and less about if your outfit is as "sylish" as it needs be- this 24hr Fitness is the place for you.We (wife and I) go there to sweat and we've not left dissapointed :)
4	Yes- it is an "Active" club....not nearly as impressive as the big Super Sport gyms (I guess AZ only has Sport gyms..?). Yes- this location, which was once my local gym, is not close anymore- 35 minutes away from me (grrr).. But, YES- i drove that 35 minutes today to go to Melanie's TKB class.1) I'm completely appalled that the 24 hr. locations in the valley have scaled back a lot on their offering of TKB classes (screw Zumba-  can we say TREND?? I did that crap when it was new on VIDEOS'...hello, good workout, old news). 2) Resulting from that scaling back, I can't believe there was ONE TKB class on a SATURDAY at any location. Given, it was my old home location, and given, I would have driven it anyway, but still- that's crazy.3) In the 15+ years I've been kickboxing, and in all the gyms I've been loyal to (24 hour and Golds locations in 7 different states), Melanie is by far, one of the best instructors. She breaks everything down making every move of the choreography easy for beginners (and those that lack coordination skills- i had to say it), yet she creates intensity for those of us that are far from beginner-level. She literally kicks my ass every time I take her class- AWESOME.Totally worth the drive for the great workout. *Disclaimer: 24 Hour Gyms in the Valley are killing me- succumbing to the trends of fitness rather than sustaining programs that literally give you a total body workout. (stepping off of soapbox now......)
2	Poor gym with poor lack of customer service.
3	El boyfriendo & I joined under the family plan as it was the best gym for its buck at the time.I really like the location, its close to home, however the name *24 hour fitness* is very misleading. They are only open until 9 pm, which might seem late, but if you're like me and work until 6 pm, it isn't.The class schedule is great, LOVE the zumba! I can't say much about the pool/hot tub/locker rooms since I haven't been in any of them. The only thing holding me back from a higher rating is YOU GUYS NEED WIFI!! how am I supposed to get my fitness on with no streaming? Come on guys. Get with it.
1	Been going for about 6 months using their machines. Started with a trainer to start using the free weight side and low and behold the difference. Muscle heads hogging stations (4,5 at a time) crass comments about having old farts messing with their workouts (I'm 59) shame because it was so close, could not wait to cancel my membership,who needs that crap. However the trainer was nice and well informed.
2	Well after looking at what else is in the area 24hr  does have the biggest selection of equipment and is always clean. So after talking with the gym Mgr I have come back..don't feel very comfortable working out there right now, but seeing what else is out there I guess I'll get use to it again
1	I haven't been in a while and I really don't plan on going back.  The Costco deal has risen from $299 for 2 years to about $70 more.  The gym is warm.  The A/C went out for a while last summer and they took a long time to fix it.  The biggest problem is that this gym really only cares about getting your money.  The trainers have quotas and will try and guilt you into buying more sessions and product.  I hear them talking only about sales tactics and quotas- never a thing about helping people.  The manager has sales one on ones in the cubicle bullpen in front of clients.  I would have given it 2 stars if it wasn't so warm when I go there.
4	the kids club here is awesome! the girls pay such great attention to the kids! I love that I don't have to worry about who is watching my daughter while I get my workout on....they are completely reliable
4	My wife and I joined this gym because we live right behind it. My wife has been going to see a personal trainer there, Stephen, who has really got her back into the best shape of her life. He keeps her motivated and is an extraordinary trainer. The only complaint I have about this gym is that its "24 hours" and closes at 9 on Fridays and Saturdays.
4	Friendly staff, clean facility, kids club is great
2	I've been going to this gym for over 5 years & have watched it slowly deteriorate.  They've been scaling back their classes.  First they cut the Sunday spin class, then the Monday morning lift class, and then all spin classes - what's next?  There's always something broken & it takes weeks for a piece of equipment to get fixed.  Oh, and unlike most gyms, my rate goes up every year!  Most of the girls in Kids Club are good but they always have cartoons on & just let the kids sit & watch TV for the entire time if they want to.  My last review was probably a little harsh so I deleted it.  This review is accurate.
1	I have a membership to go to all the 24 hour fitness clubs since I work all over the valley. this is one that I have hit and now make it a point to NOT go there, even if it is convenient for me location wise. the main thing that bothers me is that it is kept at least 80 degrees. well if I wanted that, I would just go outside and get a workout. first of all , it is extremely hot to work out and secondly, the dressing rooms are even hotter. after a workout and a shower, I had to go to work. well I couldn't even dry off in the dressing room after the shower. it is so hot in there.  I drove to work with the AC blasting and still could not dry off.  I pay a lot of money to belong to 24 hour fitness. I can't believe that they can't keep the gym at at least room temperature!!! and lastly, I reach for some towels as i'm leaving and have packed my bag, but they can't even keep paper towels in the rest room / dressing room area. some other 24 hour fitnesses are better that this one. I hope the they improve upon this.
2	Rant time.Okay, not everyone likes sports. So why the hell would every single tv have either espn, baseball, college or pro football on? The dodgers? Ew. And the Oakland A's? I don't care how far they are in the league... I don't want to watch it. Then UCLA or the Cubs game? Dear 24, leave at least one tv on the news. I like being entertain with information when working out... And no, the kardashian update on E! News does not count.Also, why do they call them 24 hour fitness when you can't access it 24 hours a day? More like 18 hour fitness. Honestly, planet fitness is down the street and it's half the cost for a month to month membership. I'm switching. Which this gym was like the Cali ones I'm used to. *sigh*The equipment is mediocre, but I like that the water fountain water is cold. And I like.....Nope, that about covers it.
4	Great weight area, the treadmills are in pretty good shape, a very wide open gym and the staff is very personable.  Not the best area, but I was pleasantly impressed with the condition of the facility.
4	I don't live near this gym, but I drive here to take the 930am Bodypump class with Lauren on Wednesdays.  I love her class.  The equipment at this gym is not the best I have seen, but it works.
1	Do NOT take your children to this location. I left my kids in kids care, and returned an hour later to the lady screaming at them. (They just turned 2 and 4). I asked her not to yell at them, and she turned and yelled at me. She actually blamed my two-year-old (who was then crying) for "not listening." She was mad that my kids had gone down the slide together, and I am confident that my two-year-old had no understanding as to why she was being yelled at. (Not that there is any justification for treating a child so poorly.) I spoke with the general manager who was very apologetic. He even told me that he was new, and was pretty horrified with things that he had seen going on. As a teacher, a counselor, and a mother, I would not be comfortable leaving any child in the care of this facility.
3	Only been here in the mornings while visiting family.  Seems really clean and all the weights are put back when no one is around and the place is near empty.  Haven't seen what goes on during heavy use.  The guy did come and clean both saunas thoroughly on Sunday morning while I was in the hot tub.Typical for 24s, machine maintenance is lacking.
3	Although this isn't in my regular rotation of 24 Hour Fitness locations, they do have a BodyPump class on Saturday Morning that I sometimes attend and it works well for that. This is an Active location which means its not the same size as other clubs, in this case it means that they don't have a swimming pool. basketball court. or spin room. Additionally, the locker rooms are pretty bare bones and this club definitely has an industrial feel to it. I do like the fact that they moved all of the clothing, accessories, and supplements out of the little store area at the front and turned that into a stretching area. All in all, it's not the greatest location... but it's also not the worst 24 Hour Fitness I've ever been in. And, if you're just there to workout, and not worried about anything else, this is a good option.
