5	Stopped in for lunch today and found the staff very welcoming, the restaurant very clean, decor beautiful with granite table tops and beautiful tile - quite refreshing. Four of us dined and everything including the Shawarma Platter, Lamb Shish Kabob, Beef Shish Kabob, and the Veggie Kabob were mouthwatering, my personal favorite was the Shawarma and grilled tomatoes. Did I mention we shared a piece of Baklava that melted in our mouth? Might have been the best Baklava I've had. Everything is always fresh, no microwaves and no freezers - what a great new place - highly recommend!
2	Pretty good. When I walked in the owner was standing in front of the cash register and was talking on the phone, he then got off the house phone and onto his cell phone. All the while, I'm sitting there waiting SEVERAL minutes while I watch my 30 minute lunch break widdle away. I was about to walk out when finally, after literally 5 minutes, the owner finally found time for a customer rather than arguing with a vendor on the phone.  Although he still seemed rather annoyed I was there. I ordered the ground chicken kabob and the shirazi salad. The kobob and rice were good. I like Kabob Grill on Sunset & Pecos better, although the portions here were much bigger. The flat bread is made fresh in house, which is a bonus, but the customer service from the owner sucked.UPDATE 9/10/10:My coworker loves this place so I figured I would give it another shot. We went in today and both ordered our lunches to go. She received her lunch wrapped up to go in about 10 mins which is normal since everything is cooked to order. Since I had ordered before her I figured mine should be coming up any minute. I waited. and waited. and waited. At this point I checked my receipt and it had been 20 mins from the time I had ordered. The manager who had handed my friend her to go bag (different from the manager before) walked towards our table; I figured he was going to give us one of those "your food is coming right up" but he walked right past without saying anything. So I waited. and waited.Clearly my food had to be coming right up since the manager knew I was waiting. I looked to my left and saw a group who had ordered after me all enjoying their food. The manager then returned to the kitchen. I was still waiting. After 25 mins I went back up to the counter with my receipt asking when my food would be ready. The girl who had taken my order gave me a look of confusion, blankly looked around the kitchen and then at her manager. The manager also gave a look of confusion and blankly looked around the kitchen. He turned around and there was my food, all wrapped up in bag ready to go, just sitting there. No one had called out my number or bothered to let me know it was ready. They had just set it aside and left me waiting. When I said to the manager I had been waiting 25 mins (which he had plainly seen himself) he didn't seem to care. Food is decent but their customer service sucks!
2	Tried Flame Kabob today for the first time.  The place was nice and clean, and the staff was friendly and welcoming.  I ordered a side of tabbouleh and the beef/lamb shawarma plate.  Everything tasted pretty good overall.  The tabbouleh had very little parsley in it, though, so that was kind of strange for me.  Also, the shawarama was a little fattier than I'm used to seeing.  Seems like shawarma is usually pretty lean, but this had a lot of noticeable fat.  Portions were decent.  Not sure if I will go back to Flame Kabob, probably not.
4	I've eaten here at least four times now.  This place is great.  I really like the beef Koobedeh (kabob).  Very nicely done.  Much better than more expensive Persian restaurants here in LV.  The Must-o-mucir (yogurt with shallots dip) is A+.  I drive out from Summerlin to enjoy this Persian food.  The bread will blow you away too!
3	I ordered the chicken, lamb, and beef kabobs. Baklava and pistachio and saffron ice cream. it's authentic with the persian music playing in the background. Coming from LA, where there are lots of Persian restaurants, my standards are a little higher. The kabobs were a little on the drier side but the rice was nice and fluffy.  The desserts were amazing but i did notice on the package that they were all shipped from LA. Overall, friendly service..
2	I tried this place a few months ago but forgot to Yelp it for some reason. I had high hopes. It's close to my work and could have been a regular lunch destination. Unfortunately, I have not returned and don't plan to any time soon.I believe I ordered the Beef and Lamb Mixed Platter. I can't put my finger on it, but it just wasn't satisfying. Perhaps it was a little too dry for me. It wasn't terrible by any stretch, but just as my star rating says, I've experienced better.
4	Fantastic place to come while waiting for a friend to arrive at Airport, or just to watch the planes take off and land.The Baba Ghanoush was fantastic, as well as the thick hummus. The Dolmeh are fresh. As it says on the menu "always fresh no heat lamps, no microwaves, no freezers."The Middle Eastern family eating close by seemed to enjoy the food as well. This place is looking to branch out to a chain(thus the chain feel) but this is the only one...so far.This place is going to give paymon's a run for its money.Can't wait to go back. loved it!
2	I went into Flame Kabob for the first time today. I ordered the Beef Shish Kabob and a soda, it was $12 for the two. That right there was a bit too steep for lunch in my opinion so I hoped the meal would make up for that price. To my disappointment, it took FOREVER to get my food! I wasted half of my hour lunch just on ordering and waiting for the food to be done (note: I work next door practically!). The meat wasn't cooked throughout and the rice was just meh. The only thing that saved the meal was the freshly prepared taffoon bread. That was delish. So that is why I gave it 2 stars instead of just one.All things considered...I will definitely not return to this restaurant. It was worth a shot but I rather take my $12 somewhere else.
4	My boyfriend and I went here after a trip to Restaurant Depot.  Walked in to a nice and clean environment - ordered  Baba Ghanoush as an appetizer.  It was amazing, nice and creamy with great flavor.  Served with their homemade flat bread.  Yummy.  The manager brought us out that amazing green, almost salsa, the name escapes me - but whatever it was, it could almost drink it.  It was great.  I had the chicken kabob and my boyfriend had the beef - both very tender, flavorful and was just the right amount.  The food was served on a half piece of bread, with colorful rice and lettuce on top of the bread.  Not quite sure how to eat it properly, we just dug in and tore off and ate.  Great service, the food took about 5-10 minutes to come out but I am happy to wait knowing the food is made to order.  We will be back for more!
4	I visited Flame Kabob for the first time today. The restaurant is nice, clean, and has a view of the Las Vegas Airport runway, which is really cool. The food is really good and true to all Persian Restaurants, portion sizes are quite generous.I would give this restaurant 5 stars if they had hot Persian tea....my ritual after a great Persian meal!
4	Good kabobs. Lamb, chicken, beef, gyros and hummus. $9 for a plate with one kabob, rice, greens and pita bread. It takes them a little while to prepare the food but the wait is worth it. Try the persian ice tea.
4	We were in Las Vegas last year during Christmas and spent all our time eating on the "strip."  This year we wanted to try out the local eateries. I read reviews of local restaurants on Yelp and our family of 8 tried out various eating places outside the strip during this vacation.  Our first stop upon our arrival in Las Vegas was at Flame Kabob on December 21st. The food here was great and we all enjoyed it immensely.  Everything was freshly made. Our  thanks to all the posters who suggested this place.
5	An excellent, well-priced menu. Quite attentive and accommodating staff. Very tasty food and generous portions. Very clean kitchen area.An all-time favorite.
3	In my quest for no-carb eating, I stopped in at Flame Kabob. Besides the cashier being slow (we literally had to repeat EVERYTHING like four or five times), I really liked the Kubideh--I think I had the chicken one. The Shirazi salad was good as well. I wish I could say the Baba Ghanosh was good, but I didn't have it.. I just wanted to type Baba Ghanosh!Some nice lounge-y type seats inside and outside the restaurant, but the decor looks like they robbed a tract home of all its cheesy tile/stone.
3	It won't surprise you to learn that Rex Marvin is a man of the world. A student of living.  A man who grabs a hold of life like Tiger Woods does a white slutty breast.  I have dry humped this planet and no amount of trying to shake me off has worked yet.  I have survived it all.  Faberge Egg addiction. She-male mother figures. Waking up in the morgue 5 times. Two attempted autopsies. 3 years tied up in Rick James's basement. 4 years tied up in some Austrian guy's basement with his daughter and their 4 kids. Crippling Endust addiction. 4 minutes of a Paulie Shore stand up performance. Driving to Delaware with Artie Lange to score heroin. Tongue kissing Madonna (I was sick for 3 months.) Where do you go for sanctuary, you ask? How do you escape the fate that has tossed you around like Charlie Sheen does a hooker in a hotel room?  Easy. The kindest, nicest place on earth...no...not Disney World...those midgets will knife you for almost no provocation. One comment about them being cursed by the Devil and an attempted exorcism to help them grow and suddenly they go all Jeffery Dahmer on you. I was lucky to escape.  No. I go to Tripoli, Libya.  I walk around. I listen to the happy sounds...the children playing their favorite "who looks more like Gaddafi/Kim Kardashian Without Electrolysis and a Fat Butt contest." I came in 3rd two years ago. Magical.  If you listen really closely you can hear the sound of the secret police torturing a man for saying that things just aren't all that great. Infidel. The smell of spices and dissention filled the nostrils.  I met Gaddafi once.  Interesting fellow. Spent 11 hours telling me how he should have been casted as Joey on Friends.  He blamed the ghost of Ethel Merman. Kept screaming about how she told him to "just be himself."  At least the food was good.  The lamb kabob's were amazing. I thought about them a lot. For reasons that I can't fully explain...a mix up about what my "Camel Riding" business really was forced me to leave. The recent news made me think of all the great times...and the bad...like how no one showed up for my Briss.  It was the worst 37th birthday I ever had. Me and a guy who claimed to be a Moyle holding a machete.  He looked a lot like Tom Arnold with a beard...but I doubt Tom Arnold could book that kind of gig anymore.   Anyway...I thought about the food. Well...I can finally have peace...well...let's not get crazy. I still have other issues...but I can get go to a good Kabob stand.  It isn't perfect. It isn't Tripoli in the summertime...the sound of the stadium filled with beheadings and Bee Gee's music...no...not that good.  What about the food. Well, the Gyro is spectacular. It is really the best thing on the menu and it is like 7 bucks with a drink.  The lamb kabob is excellent, but the beef kabob is poorly seasoned and ends up tasting like a well done hamburger.  The chicken kabob is very good but often a little dry.  Stick with the lamb.  The hummus is good, but not spicy enough for Rex.  The tabouli is spot on excellent.  The free chutney is so flavorful it is a perfect complement to the kabobs.  The shish is just like the kabobs...lamb great but the beef is better than the kabobs.  One complaint that I can't forget...the rice goes from bad to awful. It is ALWAYS overdone. ALWAYS!  I can't understand it. It's rice. They flame broil meat like a champ...but damn is the rice bad. I don't get it. Great portion sizes of everything, just the rice is really brutal some days. Crunchy rice is never right. Ever. (Don't say  deep fried rice balls...they are horrible.)The atmosphere is really good and at night you can see the planes land and the view of the strip is perfect.  There is a car park for the airport and I often "acquire" a car and park there and eat my food.  The owners are a little squeamish about self flagellation...but that is how I mark the Day of Ashura and if they don't like it well then they can take it up with the dude we all pray to...Captain Kangaroo. I love you Captain...I will never stop beating myself for my mistakes. No matter what they say. Mr. Green Jeans can go F himself!  LONG LIVE THE CAPTAIN!!
4	The food is delicious, but the prices are a bit high. It's definitely worth a try but not going to be a staple because of the prices.
4	I have driven by Flame Kabob countless times in the course of dropping packages off at USPS, but the timing just hadn't worked out.  Last night, we were heading out to drop off some packages and were looking for somewhere to eat afterwards.   I pulled up Restaurant.com and found a $25 off $35 for Flame Kabob - just what I was looking for!The restaurant is well-lit, stands out on the corner of its building, and is spacious.  The design is...  let's use "eclectic".  Assorted granite tabletops and faux rock wall decor lend to a Mediterranean feel, as do the bumpin' beats laid behind sultry "Arabic" vocals (I barely speak Spanish) playing overhead (at an interestingly reasonable volume).  On the large Flatscreen TV which manages to not look TOO out of place, CNN aka The Anderson Cooper Network was broadcasting news of the Libyan uprising.  It strangely juxtaposed with the music, making me wish all news were Autotuned for our enjoyment.The help was... well, helplful if not all that personable.  He seemed a bit irritated with us although we were the only people in the store and still ended up spending $40 for 3 people (after coupon, but also after the 18% grat was added, which wasn't really a grat, but just more income for the restaurant... meh.)On to the food:We ordered Hummus ($2.49), Baba Ghanoush ($1.99), Tabouli ($1.99), and uhh... the yogurt and cucmber sauce/dip (Mast-O-Khiar - $2.49) along with some extra bread ($1.99) to start .  Our "appetizers" came up within about 8-10 minutes and we were off to the races, stuffing our face with as much deliciousness as we could, and it was all delicious!  The hummus had great flavor, and I actually ate Baba Ghanoush and Tabouli, neither of which I normally ever touch.  Even the bread itself was notably tasty, a rare treat and much appreciated!The main courses were (we all shared):Ground Beef Kabob plate ($6.99)Ground Chicken Kabob plate ($6.99)Ground Lamb Kabob plate ($7.99)Tenderloin Chicken Kabob plate ($8.99)ALL came with a giant pita (half of a 12"), tons of what they underwhelmingly call "Saffron Rice" (which is actually some of the most attractive, subtly flavorful, and well-cooked rice I've ever had... there's got to be a name for that!  "Wicked Awesome Rice", perhaps?)Both chicken plates got gobbled up before anyone could discuss  how they'd be divided (Fork Wars!)  On to the beef, which was perfectly seasoned (not OVERseasoned as is alllll too common in Mediterranean places).  Everything was tender, perfectly cooked, and seriously - I can't say enough about their getting the seasoning right.  Finally, a place that doesn't think "Brian needs another cup of salt in him!"It was late in the day, so I'm going light on the lamb... Yes, Lamb is gamey, but done right and perfectly fresh, it's not as gamey as what I ate (I had to eat most of it - I'm our "garbage disposal"... After fulfilling my disposal duties (the lamb wasn't THAT bad... just full of lamb-y flavor!),  on came the dessert - Baklava ($1.99).How good was it?  We bought phyllo dough, butter, pistachios and honey before we got home after being reminded just how much Baklava can DRIP WITH DELICIOUSNESS!!!  Yes, I licked the honey out of the container - what about it!?For our $10 tip, we didn't really get any "service", but this isn't that type of place... the open kitchen (awesome) was quick to let us know when our food was up (also awesome).  We considered leaving our disposable everything on the table but opted to haul it to the trash ourselved (darned morals - although we did leave a good bit of rice on the table). On the way out, we walked past a few bags of trash which hadn't made their way to the dumpster just yet... Nothing "shocking", it was late, they were nearing closing, but really... you can't just take the extra steps to the dumpster when almost no one's in the restaurant?Overall, great place, good specials (not available with Restaurant.com coupon), a little in the middle of nowhere but if you're on Sunset by the airport, there's few places to eat and this is a reaaaally good one.  Their full menu is on their home page (awesome, and a rare treat... I don't care about your atmosphere and blahhhh. I'm hungry!) For those who read to the bottom, the Peach soda ($1.99 for 12oz) was great - you're welcome!
4	Huge portions and low prices. I ordered the Gyro Special and it was delicious. They don't skimp on the gyro meat or veggies. A good place to go to for a quick bite to eat!
5	I give it 10 out of 5 stars! I am a ver selective eater, who watches what to eat. It better be worth any calories or fat ! This is unbelievably delicious persian food!Lamb Shish Kabob - DELICIOUS soft tender fall apart and flavorfullHummus-DELICIOUS simple with some olive oil it's perfecitonChicken Shwarma-DELICIOUS juicy soft silky chicken with great spicesSaffron Rice-It's ok...I've had better rice, needs more butter but healthyDolmeh-DELICIOUS grape leaf wrapping rice and meatFlat Bread-DELIOUS it's huge the size of an XL pizza round & soft and freshly baked to order on a fire grill. You can also take one home (1.99) with your extra to go cup of hummus is a must! The combos are the best deal.Pistachio Saffron Ice cream!?!?!? Yup and it has a hint of rosewaterDon't second guess this, go now it's great
4	I like this place. The ground chicken kabob is very good though it could be a spicier.  Everything is super fresh and made to order, which can lead to long wait times but it's worth it.  Good prices and good food. Yes, I'm a fan.
1	This restaurant is located directly across from a McCarran Airport runway. As we entered the restaurant an airplane landed and it felt as if the restaurant was situated in the middle of the airport.  We each ordered the lamb kabob which came with a colorful rice mixture, baby lettuce leaves and taftoon.  The lamb was gamey and way overdone, the rice was bland, the baby lettuce leaves were undressed and the taftoon came right out of a bag.  The final insult was when a gratuity of 20% was added to our bill though we ordered and picked up our meals at the counter.
3	Stopped by after work today. Ordered steak kabob and hummus and baba ganoush. The girl who took my order (I phoned in) was pleasant and understood me perfectly, as I her.  When I left a $2 tip in the tip jar, she proceeded to tell me those tips are going to the boss. I found that odd and asked why the tips weren't split among the employees and she just smiled and said that's the way it is. I was going to take the $2 out and give it to her. Looks like greed just finds it's way... Anyway, the food was decent. Steak tender with great flavor; rice was colorful, light , and flavorful; baba ganoush DAMN GOOD! The hummus could be a little creamier, but has a nice amount of oil to keep it smooth. Also has a nice roasted, smoky flavor and a little darker than regular hummus. Sliced olives on top a nice touch. 3 stars until I try more food.
5	I stopped in for a quick bite while waiting to pick-up a friend at the airport. It was fresh, fast, and not too pricey. Also, I'm not sure what the green sauce is on the counter but I recommend you put it on everything - rice, chicken, salad, etc. It's the perfect blend of herbs and spices! TIP: Since this location overlooks the LAS runway, I got to watch my friend's plane land. I knew she landed right on time - and headed off to the pick-up spot before she even text from the runway.
3	This is a chain right? So why does each place have a different special. I have read some of the good reviews about the one on Eastern and decided to try this location. Unlike the former, the latter does not do the $3.99 lunch special. That is ok, because their $5.99 gyro was still a good deal.While I was ordering, it felt like the cashier was trying to pressure me into ordering more food than I needed. I might everything and often, but I know that a gyro is more than enough. Luckily I stuck to that mindset because the gyro was gigantic. The gentleman working the grill was generous with the amount of meat he shaved off. The sliced meat is then thrown into a frying pan. I was unable to identify if it was oil or a broth to finish the cooking process. I have a feeling that it was the first because the meat came out darker and a bit crisp. After it was finished it was thrown on top a pita with a liberal amount of tzatziki sauce, lettuce, tomatoes, and a side of onions. The meat was salty, but the yogurt sauce, lemon, and their green sauce helped even out the flavors. Go to the other location if you are looking for variety in lunch specials.
2	Deffinetly nothing special.  Ordered one beef and one lamb kabob to go.  They were exactly the same.  Not sure if it was lamb or beef but dry, overcooked and tasteless.  The pita bread was ok.  If only they included something in the bag to put on it.  Since my $20 purchase was sealed in a to go bag, I did not think to ask if I needed any sauce (green stuff on the counter).  Wound up giving the kabob to my dog.  He seemed to love it btw.   Hummus was good.
4	Okay, so let's set the scene: Hubs and I spent two days in the glitz and glamor of the strip, then three days looking at a big hole in the ground (the Grand Canyon), then drove back to Vegas for one more night before getting back to the comforts of home.  However, we were pretty burnt out by that point on the whole strip experience, and walked from our hotel to what we hoped would be the type of Vegas experience that the locals have.Hello, Flame Kabob.  Clean, friendly, and homey, with a local Iranian family visiting with the servers and owners for an early meal.  We ordered our meals (a kubideh for me and a chicken kebab for Hubs) and brought ice cream back to our hotel room for later.  This place offered excellent food for cheap, and while it wasn't gourmet food, it was fast, tasty, and filling.My lamb kubideh was delicious, flavored with full coriander seeds (the other reviewer that suggested the sauce was right on the money - it has a little kick to it but also has a little mint in it), and my husband's chicken kebab turned out moist and perfectly cooked.  The meal did seem a little carb heavy, but the flatbread was quite nice.  All of the entrees come with saffron rice, onion, a small mixed salad, and a grilled tomato.  The only downside was that the rice was a little unevenly cooked.Finally, we took home a bucket of the Persian ice cream, which was pistachio and saffron.  Definitely a unique flavor, and while it wasn't quite to our liking, it was a window into another culture.Four stars for the excellent value for the money, the clean, cafe-like atmosphere, and the tastiness of the food.
3	Not impressed w flavor. Got the combo chicken and lamb for lunch and it was really average. The spicy flavor was really meek and didn't give it a good flavor. The value wasn't there for a lunch place. $10 per plate roughly.. With a name like "Flame" I was hoping it was going to be a bunch of tasty Kabobs.. but not to be had..
4	This place is GREAT! I sometimes eat it almost four times a week. I absolutely love it.I usually order the Chicken Shish Kabob combo, the number 5, and it tastes just as delicious every single time. The quality of the chicken is phenomenal and it  is SO tender. I love squeezing lemon on my meal and adding the green chutney. So lemony and yummy! The rice, chicken, and pita bread combination is out-of-this-world! The pita bread is also freshly baked, so it does take a bit longer. I rather have to wait 10 extra minutes and have quality pita bread than microwave heated pita bread!  I've ordered this meal for my entire family and they all enjoy it as much as I do. THE CHICKEN SHISH KABOBS ARE A GO! I will definitely keep visiting this place again and again. And again...
5	Kabobs are very well. The personnel are very respectful. It is a little expensive but good for its price as an Iranian dish. It is also Halal. It seems that other branches are closed; so don't be misled.
4	Very good gyro and great price! Would have gave 5 stars but sometimes they run out of fresh made pita bread and give you the store bought crap.
3	I just ate here with my parents while driving trough Las Vegas.Being Persian ourselves, we were hoping for some Persian fare, and this didn't quite meet our expectations.  We ordered the number 10 beef combo (one skewer kubideh and one tenderloin) and weren't impressed with the taste, especially considering the price point. ($15!!)My parents' first reaction was that this place isn't Persian but rather Arab, referring to the combination of spices they use.  Arab recipes tend to use spices like cumin while Persian recipes lean heavily on onion.We did really like the fresh baked bread and the two yogurts -- maast-o-khiar and maast-o-moosir -- the yogurt was creamy and flavorful.Service was good.  We got our food fairly quickly, and the staff was helpful and kind.Overall, I give it 3-stars.  Decent food, not superb.  If you're Persian and are looking for Persian food, this probably won't satiate you.  But if you're looking for just a decent meal, then you'll do ok.
5	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (19 of 365).Yum!  My first time here today and I loved it!  1 star = for their easy to follow menu.  You have options, but easy ones.  Beef, Chicken, Lamb, or Veggie in a Kabob or Kubideh Kabob.  2 stars = the smell.  When you walk into the restaurant, you know your food is going to taste good because the awesome BBQ smell!3 stars = fresh persian bread.  Yum!  It comes w/ all the entrees and they give you a nice big portion to eat with your food.  I love bread!4 stars = for the fixings that come w/ your entree; lemon, roasted tomato (great addition to your meat), fresh onion - especially because I love onion, and rice.  Rice could be a little more tastier.  5 stars = for the meat!  As soon as I took a bite, I was in heaven; the meat is so flavorful and so tasteful!  I loved every bite of my Beef Kubideh Kabob.  Such a simple kabob, but tasted to so good!  It was even good with the green salsa they provide.  Their entree portions are perfect!  I was extremely pleased with this place and will definitely be back for lunch soon!  MIght even stop by to pick up some for din din tonight!
1	I've eaten as this restaurant several times during the past year.  The food is usually pretty good, maybe 3 out of 5 stars on average.  Today I used a restaurant.com voucher.  $25 towards $40 worth of food, however, read on for the unethical practices the owner of this restaurant put in place when attempting to use this voucher...  The restaurant.com voucher is a joke.  The restaurant automatically includes 18% gratuity on top of the bill.  This establishment is strictly counter-service, who is the tip for???  Also, specials are not allowed as part of the voucher redemption and most of what my party wanted was "considered" a special.  I felt penalized for trying to use the voucher.  I will never recommend this establishment for their unethical practices and because they made me feel like a piece of trash.  The fact that you have to spend $40 on a $25 voucher is one thing, but to not allow specials and factor in an unethical gratuity of 18% at a restaurant with no servers and strictly counter service shows that this owner has ZERO dignity as a small business owner and he should think twice before trying to lure patrons into an establishment that only allows "one" serving of it's special sauce per order!  A joke by any standard and when you refuse to cater to your customers, you deserve NOT to be in business.  Nothing but a HORRIBLE review for this jerk owner!!!
4	Yummy! So fresh and light!!  I loved it.. Michelle E.  took me here for lunch and I love it!  The tender meats and yummy sauce are making me drool right now.   I had the Ground Beef Kubideh Kabob combo- #1 which comes with the 1 beef kabob, fresh taftoon bread, side salad, grilled tomato, and saffron rice.  The portion was huge and didn't think that I would finish the entire thing... but of course I did.  The thing about that though, is that I didn't have to roll myself out, or feel like I ate car.  It was THAT good! :DThe second time around, did not disappoint.  I ordered the same thing... but per Michelle E.'s recommendation I HAD to try the baba ghanoush.   VERY YUMMY!!!!  Smoky but very oily.   It's very similar to grilled eggplant... but mushier.  :PI will come again!   It's definitely opened my eyes to other Mediterranean spots!
5	I pick up carryout every time I'm in this part of town. I had the $9.99 special and a baklava. The special consists of your choice of 2 skewers of ground meat on rice, bread, and some onions and greens. I had the chicken and lamb. Both tasted great.I believe they make the bread right there, and it is excellent;  some of the best Mediterranean I've had in this city.  The baklava was sweet and tasty. The staff are very friendly, and although the food is cooked while you wait, it is a very reasonable wait. If you like Mediterranean at all, this is a must try.
3	Came here for lunch today with my coworker. As I perused the menu I didn't see a lot of options and the prices aren't the best I've seen. Service was standard and efficient. I ordered the beef and lamb shawarma and my coworker went with the chicken shawarma. They cook everything to order, which makes it take a little longer to prepare than most places, but it's worth the wait for freshness. The food was pretty good. Not the best I've had, but it definitely hit the spot. They serve generous portions and we were both stuffed after our meals.
4	This review is for the name change of Fresh Kabob, but option for this name wasnt available at the time. It's taken me a few weeks to get my thought down since I have been extremely busy, but it was a good meal, so I felt I needed to give the review it deserved. We got felafel( been on a felafel kick lately),a gyro, and the beef tenderloin kabob. Every thing was awesome. Except the tenderloin was a little on the rough side. May have just been a mistake that time, but it still tasted good. Next time, and yes, there will be a next time, I'm sure the tenderloin will make me happy.
2	I drive by this joint on my way to the office every morning and thought hmmmm this might be good.... I read the reviews by fellow yelpers, so i decided to try it for lunch...  I ordered the GYRO,  it came with a handful of fries...  It didnt present very well,  it kinda looked like it was cut in half... It threw me off a little... The gyro was loaded with a good portion of meat, the usual toppings, the tziki sauce was not very good, kinda runny and there wasnt too much of it.  The price was 5.99, i guess this was a fair price for what i ordered...  My overall impression was, this was OK,, i have had better in the valley, but i have had worse..  I will try the other selections on their menu since it is very close to my office but will not get they gyro again... This rating is based on the GYRO, cause i definitely had better...  Give this place a try but dont get the gyro,,, I dont think its what they are good at... Hope this YELPS
3	it is ok. nice that they use fresh in house made bread for gyro but if you are going to pick up a quick bite @ lunch it can get pretty busy and they are not the fastest.
5	Delicious kabobs and fresh bread...And Free Wifi...what else do i need:)?
5	Last night I went to their new location on Maryland Pkwy and Harmon across the street from UNLV.  The owner, Manou (sp), was working the cash register and he was so nice; a great chatter.  I asked him who had better gyros, him or Paymon's (also located on Maryland near UNLV).  He said I would have to be the judge of that.  Flame Kabob wins hands down! It was so good. So flavorful.  So fresh.  I also ordered the baba ganoush, which was AMAZING.A place to add to my favorite places to eat.
1	Went there today and very disappointed. Used to be real authentic but now tastes and looks like pre manufactured food. Garden Cafe near by is the new place! Authentic! I
