5	I usually don't like Pizza hut pizza, but today my son wanted pizza and since R&R shut down (like everything else in Queen Creek, or un-incorporated Pinal County as they like to call it)  we made our way to this Pizza Hut.I must say the Pizza was yummy, and the service was top notch.  It was sad for lunch time, and I am talking right in the middle of lunch time (12:30) it was dead ... the only other people in the place were some people interviewing for a job there.  I had to laugh at that too because when I walked by the question was "how are you with a fast pace working environment?"  I thought not much fast paced about this Pizza Hut.  Anyway I hope they are able to stay in business.The service was really good, and the lady went above and beyond to make me and my boys happy (and they are loud).  The dessert pizza was good, they had a good selection at the buffet and even brought me the kind of pizza I asked for when it was ready.  How about that for service....its a buffet, but I still didn't have to serve myself....ha.
1	One star for the raw chicken they served me. Nice Pizza Hut.  My bad for going here I guess.  Hope I don't get sick from it.  I take back any good experience I may have had with them because of this.   They did take 50% off the meal, but I was so grossed out it was hard to eat anything else and I think if you get served RAW CHICKEN you should be comped the entire meal.  Sounds fair to me.
4	ok. I read the "raw chicken" review, but my husband likes Pizza Hut, so we just went up there. I was too scared to order chicken, so we all got the lunch buffet and it was great. I watched every detail and the only thing I could even mention that went wrong was that one plate on the stack of plates still had a small tidbit of food stuck on it. I gave it to the waitress and everything else was perfect. Maybe next time, I will try the chicken. I think they are doing a great job!
2	****Got big box meal not bad for $20. Loved taste if food, service was good but table was ready to fall apart....need to fix and update inside of place. Will go back love the deal for food and taste great :)**** Review void not avail any longer!!!!Edit: Since they are removed the item that I enjoyed I will not be going back to Pizza Hut. 4 Stars down to 2....better pizza is not to far away see my review for Barros Pizza.
4	I've eaten at this place many times and I've always enjoyed the food and the service. We usually have delivery from this place and it has always been fresh, hot and has came to our house in a timely manner. I don't think I've ever experienced a problem with is location.
1	Absolutely the worst pizza ever.  Have not been to Pizza Hut for years.  I know it had to have been better.  Sauce was bad, crust was bad, very little pepperoni and cheese.  YUCK !
1	just moved to san tan valley and ordered the 3 cheese pizza and another large PIZZA when i picked it up and got home my family dived in....after we tryed the 3 cheese there was no cheese in the crust what so ever maybe a tiny bit and thats being nice...I called and asked for the manager when the lady came on the phone i explained the situation and she proceeded to argue with me saying that i should of inspected my pizza when i picked it up... since i ate half the pizza that there was nothing she could do my father got on the phone and she had agreed to replace the pizza i came back on the phone and gave my address and she then copped an attitude with me and when gave my cross roads she instintily said that we were out of the delivery area...omg these people are something else i then talked to the general manager after arguing with the manger for 20 mins about dam cheese in the crust he proceeded to argue some more finally i said to just give me his name and hers I was done arguing with them and he hung up on me!!!!  Are you serious right now omg i called back and he told me I was 86s from his pizza hut that i got what i ordered bullshit  NEVER BEEN TREATED LIKE THAT IN MY LIFE!!!!
1	So our family decides to order pizza everyone wants stuffed crust not a problem my in laws insist on paying for it so they do over the phone but are told the card needs to be present understandable but more of a hassle as they are in phx coming out to visit.The driver shows up with the food but not the soda that was ordered and then has the nerve to ask of we still wanted the soda....OF COURSE WE DO WE PA ID FOR IT !!!! If your the driver that delivered to us and you read this, you don't have to wonder why you where not tipped not to mention the pizza was cold as shit.DO NOT ORDER FROM THESE CLOWNS UNLESS YOU WANT BAD SERVICE
