4	So I was walking around downtown wanting to find a place that does Shellac nails. I tried looking on Yelp to identify if any salons downtown offer it, but with no success. So off I went, and I stumbled upon Kenny's Nail Center/Salon. Apparently right now they are the only nail salon in downtown Pittsburgh that has shellac. At first, I passed it b/c I didn't see any bright flashing lights saying shellac, but then I did a double take b/c on the window there is a small poster advertising that they do shellac. So I went in to confirm that they do shellac and to get the costs - as some of you know it can be pricey. They did confirm they did shellac and that without a full manicure that the cost would be $25 (slight grooming and painting only). I'm not sure how much the manicure and shellac would cost, but I thought $25 was a good deal for getting a 3-week polish job. And from what I heard it usually costs $35-40 bucks a pop. They were very busy and asked if I could come later in the afternoon around 2:15 PM (I went there initially at 12:30 PM) and I said that was fine - luckily I have some flexibility with work. So around 2:00 I departed work to go back to Kenny's. It seemed even more crowded so I was worried that I'd be overlooked, but they asked what I was there for and I said shellac and they said, "oh yes, 2:15 sit down" and pointed towards a nail chair. So I sat down and was greeted by Kammy - she was super nice and did an awesome job. I get a bit worried about some of these nail places cause they can do a pretty crappy job, but Kammy took her time (although it was clear she was very busy and people were waiting to see her). She's the only one in the salon that does Shellac and she is there on Thurs., Fri, and Sat. So for my downtown working ladies (or men if you're in to that sort of thing) in the house - stop by and see Kammy to get a polish job that will be chip and smudge free for 3 weeks! My nails look aaaaawesome! I got the bright pink color - I think it's called tutti fruity! Oh and there was also a cute little girl that helped out after Kammy was essentially finished who put the oil on my cuticles and did the alcohol finishing step to make the nails all glossy. Be a star and make sure you tip her as well!
2	I mean...seriously? I should have known better given that it only had one positive review. My 600th yelp review, you think I'd've learned by now!I wandered in here looking for a pedicure. My first hint should have been the old crusty polishes on the walls - no Essie etc here. But whatever, I picked out my color and headed to the dilapidated pedicure chair. (I put my bag on the adjacent tray and it couldn't support the weight). They don't use razors here, which is fine, but I expected a thorough scrubbing of my callouses, and when she gave me a tiny little once over then unceremoniously threw my feet back into the water I thought to myself, OK there's no way on earth this is more than a $10 pedicure right? My heels still looked as bad as they did when I walked in. Then she painted my nails and sat me down at the "dryer" which consisted of two tiny fans pointed at my feet. For real. I had to sit there for over ten minutes, she proclaimed my toes dry, then I paid - $25?!!!! For $25 in Boston where I'm from I could get a legit pedicure. I was dumbfounded. I paid, walked home, and lo and behold two of my toes already had smudged polish. ARGH!
1	I have been sitting here looking at the poor quality of my shellac manicure and I just had to write. I walked in to Kenny's nail salon this afternoon and was pleased that there wasn't a wait. They also provided very friendly customer service.However, my manicure looks terrible! It looks like I painted my nails myself, only even I could do better. The paint and clear gel is all over the underside of my nails and baked on, no less. I'm even finding paint on my fingers now. The nail technician, a female, didn't even touch my cuticles, but she did use an electric file to shave down the nail bed. I guess that's supposed to count for the cuticles? No frills, no hand massage, not even any moisturizer or cuticle oil or anything.I am horrified I was charged $25 and then I even tipped 20%. Now I'm wishing I would have asked them to start over, perhaps with a different nail technician. I won't be going back, however. At least I was in and out in 25 minutes. But what a terrible job.
1	Very sloppy! No attention the polish is all over my fingers so disappointing and aggravating that now I'm going to have to pay more money else where to get them redone
1	They suck!! First of all not even 24 hours after I got acrylics one broke, then they painted on the french white tips which is fine, however they did such a poor job. When I came back to ask for a refund they were very rude about it and refused to help. I have gotten my nails done almost for a year and I have never seen such a poor job. DO NOT GO HERE.
1	The worst experience ever. I have never complained about my nails bc im pretty laid back but this was insane. The man that was doing my nails had an incredibly shaky hands, cut me more times than I can count, and have the nails literally one and a half times the size of my nail beds. I got pink and white and the white was not uniform among any of the nails and usually wasn't even uniform from one side of the nail to the other . . On 1 of my nails the white was 3 eights of an inch on 1 side and 1 eighth on the other. The equipment to scrub the nails was unsanitary and in a dirty cup. I have never had such a negative experience anywhere and I kept trying to explain what was wrong to the man and he just wouldn't listen. He did not smooth down any of the nails until the third time I complained about it. I spent $85 at the salon and have to go and get them redone by a different technician tomorrow because I don't even trust them to redo their mistakes
