5	What a fun adventure ! Today we went out the gorgeous Cave Creek recreation area  and rode horses with the Cowboys..This has to be one of the best experiences of horseback riding I have had. The horses were healthy and energetic, the trails was breathtaking, the crew very helpful. The horse back operation is ran for the "winter " season by Jeff and Debbie who have this down to a science.  They have boots, hats and props for all ages . They even throw in a bottle of water for you if needed. Here are the extras I like :Ran  the groups in small bunches  about  4 to 8 toy a group. Have saddlebags for your camera, water bottles and what not.Very personable bunch  friendly  without being fakeHats  provided  --nice touch on a sunny dayTrails are interesting and you feel like you are out of the cityClean neat operationgave us a 5.00 buck off person coupon for next time for our whole group --- gotta have coups , baby! If you have family visiting  in town this is a great AZ experience , you can swing by Cave Creek when you are done and have BBQ at Bryans..  hurry thought the winter season ends May1 st..
5	Excellent experience, being a native of Phoenix and having the ride in the back country of the my backyard was great. All the folks were happy and more than willing to make the day fun. Don't forget to sign up for the "Frequent Ride Deal"
4	We have been there a couple of times with guesta from out of town.  We always enjoy the sunset ride...We have had thengood fortune to see deer and coyotes.  Ask for Nick.  Real nice guy.  Makes the ride very entertaining.
5	Very enjoyable and personal trail ride! We learned about the horses, the area, and much more. We just loved our sunset ride!
5	This has to be...by far...the best money spent for my husband and I for our 4 year wedding anniversary. We had a blast. We decided to go on the 1.5 hour sunset trail ride. It was amazing. We got a beautiful sunset. My horse was awesome and patient and responded really well to me (someone who has never been on a horse before). Our guide was a young gentlemen by the name of Grady. He was so well mannered and an excellent guide. He taught me some stuff about desert plants that even I did not know living here practically my whole life! I HIGHLY recommend them for someone who really wants an awesome first time experience. I hope to go back really soon!
5	I will have to add photos when I finally download all of them.. What a wonderful experience this was.  Our guide was such a sweetheart and made the trip all the more special in the way that he interacted with my son.  We did an hour and a half, and it may have run a bit longer actually, the Sonoran Desert is beautiful, so many views to take in along the trails and the horses move at a pace that allows you to absorb the moment, the view, the sun and all of the interesting cacti and angles of the Desert.  The horses are amazing and seem to be so well versed in what they are doing that you hardly need to know your way around a horse to enjoy this ride.  My son had never been on a horse and he was so confident and enjoyed the ride so much that he wanted to return immediately to do the three hour tour!If you don't ride, your bottom may be sore afterward!  But other than the reminder by way of a little rump tenderness, this is well worth the time and expense.  My only regret is that I didn't get more pictures of the horses!!  What wonderful horses... but I got lots of Desert views and pics of my husband and son, they were in front of me!!  My husband's horse, Hercules, is the big guy (so is my husband!) and it was so much fun to wander the desert on horseback while taking in the views and my husband and son in the saddle, definitely an important part of the trip that we took to the Phoenix area and would go again the next time we are out there.
4	Sign up for the sunset ride.  It is cooler (at least when we were there in April), and the sunset views were wonderful.  I enjoy dessert landscapes and a ride with Cave Creek Trail Rides is a good way to see this part of the dessert.  We are in this part of Arizona every Spring, and will definitely consider adding this to our list of things to do while here.
5	Awesome experience, went with a company group for 1.5 hr ride and had a great experience. Amanda was our guide as was wonderful the entire trip, friendly and very engaging, would recommend to book an event and I will be back again.
5	My wife and I were in town on Vacation and we wanted to go horseback riding. We did our due diligence and checked Yelp for local places. So many choices came up but not many had the stellar reviews like they did here. We drove over an hour and it was worth it. The staff waited for us as we were running behind because of the long drive. We got there quickly and were setup with our horses and were on the trail in minutes. Our guide was AMAZING! He gave us a rundown of the area and answered any questions that we had. As we approached a split in the trail he asked us if we wanted to go on the high or low trail. We choose the high trail. It gave us an amazing view of the land below. While on the trail my wife asked if she could get a picture next to a Saguaro cactus and he couldn't have chosen a more perfect cactus right on the trail. We come to Arizona every year to visit family and this is our new tradition. Thanks for making an amazing time just that much more special.
5	Took a horse ride through the Sonoran Desert. Staff was well educated and very friendly. Can't beat the prices either. Got to dress up like a cowboy and enjoy an afternoon with the family. Great for kids over 6.
5	My wife and I went out for a 1.5hr morning ride. We had a great time, and the horses were so well trained we didn't even have to direct them. There was a member of our group that needed a little extra help and special consideration, and the staff was great with her! Thanks to Rett, Dylan and Ms. Caddy.
5	I learned of this place via Yelp and the reviews did not disappoint. I called and made a reservation for three on the 1.5 hour sunset ride. They were up front about paying to get into the park and made sure we had directions.  When we arrived, the horses were saddled and ready to go. We paid first and then made sure we had proper gear (wear closed toe shoes, long pants common sense stuff if you're riding).  Then we had a basic safety lesson before getting in the saddle.  My aunt is a novice rider and she loved it! I thought she'd be afraid, but she was very comfortable and said she had a great horse.The horses were very well trained. And our guide was friendly and very knowledgeable about the desert. He offered information about desert plants, rocks, and landscape. He made it informative without feeling like a school field trip.  (He also offered advice on where to get a good margarita after the ride: El Encanto.)The sunset was amazing and timed just right. We got some wonderful pictures and had a great time.I highly recommend Cave Creek Trail rides.  I also recommend making reservations.
5	Neighhhh, you won't find a better bang for your buck than here! Wee booked the 2 hour ride which in hindsight, for jjst the two of us, it was more than enough...but the staff was amazing and the ponies were perfect, and it was a great deal! My husband rode "Joe" the horse, and I rode "Kaddy" as in "KaddieWhompas" lol she was so silly! Chomping on Cacti and everything!  But seriously they were both great horsies, and the staff was excellent! We went back early 2013, and. Still remember ot being a great time! Proces were descent, and they run different specials too.After you pick your time and length of ride, they have a ton of legit cool Cowboy/Cowgirl girl to wear on your ride! They had leather chaps in all sizes and colors (I donned a sweet pair of pink fringie chaps), as well as legitimate cowboy/cowgirl boots you can choose from, and a sweet cowboy hat to top it all off with! I think they might have had helmets for children, and/or possible for adults of you want.The horses were very well behaved, and easy to steer up the side of the mountain range.  Our staff leader only went at a place which was comfortable for our twosome group, and I'm sure it gets more difficult to hear him with a larger group,  but just being the hubbs and I, it was easy, I think our guides name was Steve? He was awesome, and quite knowledgeable of all walks of flora & fauna in the area and taught us midwesterners all about the desert and it's complex life.We did our research ahead of time for what you get for your buck at other similar types of facilities, and we are very glad we went with these guys...the experience they give you, for their prices can't be beat! We loved it here!
5	Two Thumbs up!  Took my wife and son (8 years old) on the sunset ride on Nov 26, 2014.  From the moment we arrived to the time we left the staff was AWESOME!  Rhett was our guide for the trail ride and he did a wonderful job with our son.  I would recommend Cave Creek Trail Rides and look forward to coming back to ride again!  Thank you again Rhett!
5	Dramatic desert landscapes in rugged hillsides.  Great guide, Joe, and friendly wranglers.  Great experience. Can't wait to go again.
