4	They sell an assortment of freshly baked breads, cookies, and other desserts as well as making sandwiches to order. Bags of various mixes including trail mix ("Pittsburgh Pothole Crunch), brownie mix, and pancake mix are also available. They also sell some Penn's Corner CSA items including their delicious (and expensive salsa). I can vouch for the oatmeal cookies which are delicious. The Port Authority (portobello veggie sandwich, and the Baja turkey were both good. Service is a bit slow, but they're new so I imagine it will improve with time.
5	Amazing foods and tasty treats!  The samples are yummy good plus the ppl are so friendly!!!
5	Ok, so bread is not my thing, I love bread, but I really haven't eaten much in the past, ohhh 10 years. I tried the orange bread, a potato bread with wheat and white flour, Popeye bread, and a multigrain blend. I really really liked the Popeye!!  It had spinach and cheese in it and was to die for. Great Bread!
5	So hubby and I were in a mood for a nice tasty sandwich and soup and decided to hit this place up, especially after having their tasty breads at the Un Wine Yelp event.Anyway, this place is tucked in the same shopping center as Trader Joe's and behind the McDonald's, so its a little hidden. The place is pretty clean and well laid out. I really liked that they displayed art by local artists on their wall. They also have a weekly bread menu of the variety of breads they bake. Initially, I had no idea what to get, but was advised by the attendant to try out the Roast Beef and Provolone sandwich, which was amazing. I also had it with their house whole wheat. The nice thing about this place is that you can pick out just about any bread they have for your sandwich which is pretty awesome. I also had a taste of the chimichurry roast beef, which was pretty tasty. I really thought this sandwich was going to be really spicy, since that is why I didn't order it, but it was really good. We also ordered the soup of the day which was pretty good. It was a nice chicken and kale soup, that was really citrucy. I really liked it. Anyway, overall great service, and excellent sandwiches. I will be back!!!
