5	I've gone to Dr Crovetti for several years now.  Yes, my first experience was awful.  I should have packed lunch!  Who knew I needed to wait so long...over 2 hours.  However, I now know when to book an appointment to minimize the wait.That being said...he is an excellent doctor.  I have a very bad shoulder that should really have surgery on but I'm a chicken.  Dr C has never once berated me or made me feel bad about my decision.  I'm controlling it with cortisone shots...andlet me tell you...he gives a great needle!  One shot a year and I'm good!I also have bad knees...yep, I'm falling apart!  When I fly my knees ach terribly.  He knew right away what was wrong and took the appropriate steps to fix it.  I now fly pain free!His staff is also excellent.  You can tell they really enjoy what they're doing and where they work.I've recommended him to several friends and all have been happy.  Just prepare yourself for a long wait when you get there!  Although now he has a pager system so you can go downstairs to the cafe and have a bite to eat or drink.  A great idea!
1	Don't expect any compassion here. I broke my arm and was referred by the ER here. The doctor I saw here told me I needed surgery very soon. He was ready to schedule the surgery until he found out I was uninsured. I was told I would receive a call the following day with sone financial options for me. I never received a.call. I left several messages and they did not even have the decency to call me and tell me take a leap. I realize they are in the business to make money, and I did not ask for charity, just my options and what they would cost.  Why do they take ER referrals if they are not prepared to help eveyone. They also charged me a three hundred dollar consultation fee. I guess they missed the part  about  professional ethics here.
4	Please note that I have not dealt with Dr. Crovetti. My review is regarding Dr. Bahlduini and his nurse. One comment about Dr. Crovetti's front desk staf - they could truly take some classes in customer service because in person and on the phone they have been a bit short, and seemingly irritated, put out that I wanted to talk to Bahlduini's nurse (she insisted I call back so I didn't get the attitude). I have become increasingly sensitive to those in the customer service who have these jobs but act like its such a chore to provide the core service of their job... but I digress.Dr. Bahlduini was referred to me from St. Rose (St. Martin Campus) and is an orthopedist. My knee injury was of concern to the ER doctor when she found out I had an avulsion fracture (where the ligament tore a chunk out of my tibia when it tore loose). The doctor is very knowledgeable and he has several athletes that he sees to (this is of interest to me because  I ride dirtbikes and motorcycles and this knee thing seems pretty scarey as far as what I will be able to do going forward after surgery).His nurse is very nice, and has done everything she could to expedite the process of getting MRI approval from my insurance and getting me scheduled for everything necessary on a very tight timeline (I leave the state/country in a little over a week). If anything changes as far as the service I receive from these two awesome people, I will be sure and update the review. Otherwise I couldn't be more pleased with the speediness of service I have received.
5	Dr. Crovetti and the staff are amazing. Coming from NYC and having high expectations,I have to say that this team does an outstanding job.Crovetti knows his stuff. Ordered an x-ray standing upthat showed the problem. Not all Orthopedics know what they are doing here in Vegas. Don't waste time going elsewhere and riiskinga mis-diagnosis. Call Dr. Crovetti if you need an Orthopedic Surgeon
3	To me customer service is everything. Dr crovetti is a great Doctor. However very poor choices in front desk and customer service. Very very rude. Both times Ive been there either they're too busy to say hi and make you wait a long time before acknowledging you or this last time i went in on 5-6-14 while checking in and trying to ask their front girl a question, she made a rude gesture & got irritated like i bothered her stating she was busy trying to finish something and did not look at me the whole time while telling me this.  Horrible customer service in a professional establishment. What a shame.
5	I had a torn lateral meniscus tear.  Dr Crovetti fixed it and may I say he and his entire staff are very professional. I myself am an ER nurse and I chose to have my surgery here as opposed to a Hospital and I must say I made the right choiceThis place is the safest , cleanest , most professional place in the valley
