5	-wha? FTR?-i was going thru my shieyt when i saw a white blank matchbox with totem tattoo 4777 e. charlston 702 457-5656 handwritten on it-and a folded piece of paper with "you gotta be a bitch!" scribbled on a blank "welcome to the beach" receipt folded into it-in my hand writing ..... lindsay 2/10/01 the beach-it's all coming back to me, coming back to me nooooowwwww-while chillin with my homegirl at the beach one night the bartender (lindsay) and i were choppin it up when some dood was tryin to hit it bbwwahahaha but since i'm nice i was just chattin back thus the you gotta be a biatch note-lindsay after a while actually propositioned me to try out to be a dancer there since he said i got the exotic look bbbwwhahahahahahahahahaa-bbwwahahahahahahahahahaa-ok so i told him my girl and i wanted to get our tongues pierced so he gave us this place to go to-ffaaarrr from the strip folks-but my sister, her husband, and my bro-in-law's 76 year old dad went with us to get the deed done-the place is small but clean, there's no sign of femininity in that store when we went at all-the dood helping us out was really cool, was explaining things to us and very helpful in calming the nerves-he took us to the "room" and whack! game over! it was done. my tongue was pierced! my 2'nd piercing. my girl went next-the after care was expained to us and the question how soon could we give head came up bbwwahahahaa-i was so happy that when we bought some ice at the nearest 7-11 the cubes came with holes in the middle so we just placed the piercing thru the hole while on the way to denny's to eat some pancakes which i actually tore up, freshly pierced and all=POPS IS NOW 83 AND STILL REMEMBERS THAT DAY..."LEMME SEE YOUR TONGUE!" am i a loser for remembering this?
1	Took my daughter to get her first nose piercing. 1st. I had to wait an hour till the guy who does the piercing showed up. 2nd. The piercing they put fell out over night because they put a straight piercing with no stopper and she lost it. 3rd When we went back and told the guy he wasn't there two day in a row. 4th They would not replace the jewelry because she didn't take care of it. 5th They didn't have any jewelry that we stay in so we had to go to another place just to buy the jewelry and they still would not put it in because the sterilized package did not say made in the USA. Finally just went to another place to get it done.
1	I had a really dainty Betty Boop tattoo on my shoulder. I live in the desert and spend time in the sun so after a couple of years my Betty needed some touch up done. I went to Painless Wayne under the recommendation of a friend. I sat down very excited and after an extremely painful 30 minutes I was told my Betty was all fixed up. I then was told by Painless Wayne that he added  fun stuff to my Betty. He told me that he had added  fishnet stockings, little red hearts all around her hair and made her eyes super huge. First I think he should have asked me if he could do this and mentioned it to me before he finished. And as I said it was on my shoulder so I really could not see what he was doing because I don't have eyes in the back of my head. I really thought he was just fixing her up. He handed me the mirror and I was so swollen and red that I could not really tell the damage he had done to my Betty Boop. Needless to say many years of being unhappy and trying to cover her up and not show her off which is really hard to do considering she is on my shoulder, I decided that I would like to get a coverup tattoo. I had a consolation with a really well known GOOD tattoo artist here in town and he suggested I have some removal work done on her prior to tattooing again. I have been going to Clear Out Tattoo Removal for 2 months now and let me tell you it is very painful to have a mistake lightened up let alone removed. So far this adventure has cost me $350.00 with at least  2 more removal sessions at $100.00 to go to remove this mistake. Basically my suggestion is tomake sure you know the work of the artist you go to. Not only is my work was bad but, also my boyfriend decided to have a tribal band added to his arm. This tattoo is also a mess. It has spread out and bleed through. It is nowhere as thin as when it started and we have been told by several people that it was the type of needle the tattoo artist used. I highly do NOT recommend this artist. Painless Wayne has a reputation of shady work in the industry. I only wished I had heard about it before I went to him. I would have steered clear of the shop.
1	I am a 100% Service Connected Disable Vietnam Veteran.  Wayne approached me through my Facebook group for Disabled Vet guitar players.  He offered to build me a custom Military Tribute guitar.  He asked for full payment up front, saying the guitar would be completed and sent in 4 weeks.   It is over 4 MONTHS later and nothing...and he went on a rant about how all Veterans were mentally ill and needed to be on medication.  He also threatened me saying if I asked about the progress of my guitar once more, I would never see it..and if I did see it, it would be the body only with NO hardware...even though the deal was for all hardware except pickups.  This man ripped me off and his followers are all praising his trustyworthyness...even saying Veterans counld F-off.....  All I want is what I paid for.  DON'T TRUST THIS MAN AND HE HATES VETERANS.....HIS WORDS
