5	Moving here from Arizona, I was used to everything in the health care industry being very commercialized and corporate. Following a recommendation from a co-worker, I visited Thomas Standley's office. After a third visit, I continue to be pleasantly surprised. Standley is the archetypical "small town" doctor that you hear people talk about but may never actually find. He cultivates long term relationships with patients and employees, takes time to explain things patiently and in detail, is very reasonable, and is personally available after hours for urgent situations. Everyone who works at the office is awesome, but the office is generally on a small town schedule. Nevertheless it seems to work just fine, and what you get is worth the momentary waiting required from time to time.
5	ample parking, free water in the waiting area, friendly professional personable staff, quality dentistry, distracting decor (good for those tough procedures!).
5	Very professional and thorough.  Staff is great too, friendly and well educated.  They take the time to floss your teeth and provide you with floss, toothbrush, and toothpaste.  Appointments are easy to schedule and quick.  Very positive experience.  Water in the waiting room is nice too.
5	I came to Dr. Standley mainly because he was covered by my insurance.  I knew I was taking a gamble having heard nothing about him prior to going in, and I was glad to discover that my experience was very positive.  I came to him after going to another dentist who told me I needed a lot of expensive work done, none of which I felt was necessary.  I was pleased that Dr. Standley, after doing a thorough exam, did not agree with the other dentist's diagnosis.  I also like that the office is small and has a nice, cozy feel to it, rather than being like one of those "chain dentists" that are cold, and unfriendly.  On the contrary, Dr. Standley and his staff are all very personable and provide excellent service.  I'm definitely going back!
5	I loved Dr.Standley. I had a problem with one of my fillings in my molars and he repeatedly worked only at no cost until I was pain free. He was very nice  and does not rush to get to the next patient. The staff are extremely nice and professional.
5	I had my first cleaning with his office a few weeks back and they did an excellent job.During the cleaning they found a couple of small cavities which they could have filled on the spot. (Very convenient) however I did have to work and it wasn't possible that day.I went back and had them take care of the fillings a week later.They did an excellent job with numbing me before the fillings. I didn't feel a thing from start to finish.Dr. Standley took his time and made sure the fillings were perfectly shaped for my biting action.Very friendly and efficient staff!
5	Came to Dr. Standley for a 2nd opinion after being told I needed expensive gum treatment elsewhere. I had a wonderful experience here...The nurse made no mention of expensive work, and said my gums look great. They also did a wonderful job cleaning my teeth. I enjoyed the experience so much I already scheduled my next appointment 6 months down the road. Dr Standley is also one of the nicest guys I've ever met. He's the type of person who will make you happier just by being around him.If I could give this place 6 stars, I would.
