1	Honestly this place blows!I came in this small, narrow shop in the late afternoon without an appt. and I happen to be right behind a woman and her daughter that wanted a pedicure. I walked in and asked the man that worked there how long of a wait if any, and he said "no problem, you sit here now, ok?" So I put my stuff down, shuffled my way to the back where the bathroom is and when I came out (maybe 2min tops) the girl was in the chair and another lady that was under the dryer was asking the man (who was trying hard to ignore her) a question and I had to stop him for her cause he just didn't want to deal with her, well she had a messed up nail and soon he was sitting her down to fix it.....ok.... I was in the chair soaking my feet at that time and was sitting, waiting for someone to ask me if I wanted water, a magazine....ANYTHING, nada.... After 20+ min my bf walks in (he was next door getting a cut...and finished before me!) And I was getting pissed! I asked the woman how much longer and was ignored. Finally I just said to the woman who I guess was going to eventually get to me, that I had to go soon and to now just do a color change and manicure cause I was out of time. With the look she gave me I knew she wasn't happy and finally 10min later (30 now in total of which 20+ was spent "soaking" which is insane, she took a  look at my feet and starts telling me how I need a pedi - DUH!Ok so now starts the polish change...After almost burning my skin off one of my toes with the dremmle and applying the polish - which was a half ass sloppy job and on the 2nd coat that she globbed o had almost dripped onto the side of my big toe. She didn't even notice either and seemed irritated when I pointed it out....that seemed to be a trend as we went on.  she starts on my manicure....My manicure was worse (as if that could be possible)! She used the same buffer that she used on my feet (gross) and cut down my cuticles which she knicked a good 5x. Then filed them way down past the point I told her to. Finally after making her correct a bunch of mistakes (chipped nail, jagged and rough spots, even filing, and paint on one nail) I finally was getting a "massage" on my hands and wrists....it was just so pointless at that time, I had been there for over an hour and just wanted to leave! I didn't even tell her to paint my nails.They charged me $23 for this pleasure. They only quoted me $34 for a full mani/pedi to start! Wtf. Yeah ok. To add insult to injury  the lady that did my nails offered to re-paint my toes since they took so long they knew my nails wouldn't hold up with shoes on after just 15min or so dry time! Like I said, this place blows! Oh and the little girl AND her mom who also has a polish change were both finished before they even started with me!
2	I'm from California, and this was the first nail salon I've been to in NV and I can say that this place fails in comparison to MANY places I've been too. I don't know what the general standard is here, but man pick someplace else if you can. First off, this place is cramped and small. They probably only have about 5 spa chairs for pedicures. I came here for a Pedicure, and when I walked in there was a husband and wife ahead of me that wanted pedicures too, and the strange thing is that the lady started my pedicure even before them! I felt really bad because I got there after them, but hey I wasn't going to tell her to stop. Another thing is that she didn't even ask me if it was okay to cut my toe nails! I don't like it when the salons do it because they tend to cut them too short, but she just took out her clippers and cut away! One nice thing (I guess) is that the $25 pedicure included a "scrub." This lady nearly took off all my skin on my legs. My skin turning bright red should have been an indicator that she was being too rough....So to end my "wonderful" experience, she painted my toes in a hurry and then put on my shoes and indicated for me to leave! She didn't even give me an option for me to sit at the dryer or wait for my toes to dry! Please go somewhere else if you can.
1	Do not waste your time or MONEY here! I was in a rush to get by eyebrows waxed and they were slow, extremely sloppy and  I walked out with crooked eyebrows!!!! She didn't even trim my eyebrows when I asked her too!I will never go back again!!!!!
1	If you like pain and want to get a pedicure by Nightmare on Elm Street's Freddy Kruegar then my friend this is the place for you! Firsr they have u sit on a dirty massage chair and place your feet in a lukewarm foot spa that doesn't work. Then the slab on some sort of sugar scrub, then proceed to scrub your feet with the sugar scrub and pumice sponge. They scrub your feet as if they were catholic nuns in a convent and your the promiscuous knocked up teen being punished for being a whore. After the scrub they clean off your feet and take a dremel to your toenails!!! Are u kidding me?!? They use the dremel to cut back your cuticle and straighten your nails.. Then they use that little clipping tool to remove those hangnail type growth's on the sides of your nails. That was seriously so painful and they made my toes bleed! What's even worse about this place is that I watched them and their 'sanitizing'. It's non existent. I seen them use the same pumice sponge on other clients along with other tools. Kind of scary.  So needless to say I will not be returning here ever.
1	I came in for a shellack, but I don't know what I really got.  First of all, horrible job on the actual paint craft - sloppy, uneven.  I was even talked out of the color I actually wanted.  What's up with that?  For something that's guaranteed to not peel for 14 days, the coat started to bubble within 2 days.  Not shellack.  I paid $25 for a whack job.
1	One word...horrible! This was the dirtiest most unfriendly nail salon I've ever been to in my entire life! So sad, I just moved here too. Yea, to say the least I got the hell out of there...don't waste your time or money!!!
3	Although the staff was fast and friendly, I wouldn't recommend this salon unless one is in a tough spot and needs their nails done, pronto. My full set was sloppy and over priced.
1	This place is, not great in my opinion.. I got a gel mani and a pedi for 45$ but the quality is crap. She didn't even paint the whole nail on my toes completely and I'm pretty sure they reuse all their utensils which is HIGHLY unsanitary. Only benefit about the pedi that I enjoyed is she exfoliated my legs with an orange sugar scrub. It smelled amazing. The gel manicure he tried to send me off with blotchy messy work! I made him redo the entire manicure and they still aren't up to par. It's all uneven at my cuticle and still a tad blotchy. Pretty much, if you want your money's worth, go somewhere else.
2	My manicure chipped after 2 days, not sure how the pedicures are
1	Do not waste your time or money here! I was in a rush to get my
1	I have gotten a manicure here twice and each time the nails weren't fully painted and the women doing them always gets fingerprints in the paint.
1	I was in the area. Decided to get a manicure. The place needs to be updated. Had a dirty feel. Everything is old in there. Paint chipping, old paintings, old pedicure chairs. Definitely didn't have a Vegas feel.  No hook for my purse. There was no wait. The lady seemed to rush. Not like they were busy. Butchered my  cuticles . Thought she was gona cut me. Had her nerves to tell me my cuticles are tuff. RUDE! I was charged $15 for manicure and to take off my shilac. Not to mention she missed some spots. My polish bubbled before I even got to my car. Didn't feel like going back and waisting any more time in there. They also don't have a lot of colors for shilac or any charms. So if you want fancy nails. DONT come here. Bathroom door didn't lock. Smh. And when I paid her she gave me $5 as if I was gona give her the whole $5. Yea right! Now I have to go home and repaint my own nails! Ugh!
