4	Marchmont Hardware is a great handy business in Marchmont which provides a good range of cooking utensils, tools and even mini vacuum cleaners for hoovering up crumbs on the tabletop - an amazing invention.  The guys who run it are pleasant, helpful and offer to find any products which they don't have in stock or recommend where you might find them.  My only criticism is that some of the things which they sell are a bit gimmicky and pointless.  For example, they were displaying an electronic rotating ice cream cone!  Does that appeal to anyone?  Possibly, but I can't help but feel that they'd benefit from specialising in stuff which people actually need.  Nevertheless, Marchmont Hardware offers top service and a great range of products at good prices.
4	This is a shop that doesn't have a great deal of competition in the immediate area and if you live near and need cookware or hardware goods this is the the place to come.In general, this shop is good value for money (though living directly between this and the hardware store in Morningside I prefer the latter) and if you live locally it won't be worth going elsewhere.  What you do get from here is good customer service and the staff will help you out if you're not sure what exactly it is that you need.
4	Whenever I think hardware stores, I think tools. I assume this is what most people think of, too. But this place has got way more than just tools and the regular DIY stuff. They have toasters and kettles and all sort of electrical thingamajigs, as well as tea pots and cups and saucers. I'm always in peril of buying things that I don't need when I go there on a mission. And my mission is generally to change a lightbulb. Exciting stuff.On the rare occasion that I decide to hoover my house, I'm always, without fail, in need of hoover bags. And who would've thought hoover bags would be so difficult to find. The complexity of this mission was jsut a bit too much. So, I got the man who works there to help me, and as always, he was very friendly and very patient. I can imagine he looks down on people like me who struggle over find hoover bags. But he didn't show it. I think it's safe to say this is the only hardware store in Marchmont, unless I've missed another one in the 4 years I've been living here. So, if you're living in the area, it's the place to go.
4	Great little privately owned hardware shop in the heart of Marchmont. I first lived in Marchmont around 15 years ago and this shop was there then. Since I have made friends with many of the locals over the years who say it has been there for a lot longer. In these days of multi nationals etc its nice to have a local hardware shop. The stock is a wide array of items from tea pots to obsure fittings. When i am struggling with a DIY project or sourcing a part I pop in here and the very helpful owner is a weath of knowledge. They seem to have a massive stock of nearly everthing relating to house holds. I they dont have what your after you will leave with directions to where you can buy your item.Dont get me wrong this isnt the most inexpensive of places, but when you realise you need a bunch of this and that at 4.30pm on Saturday to finish something off in the house its nice to walk around the corner and get what you need.... rather than a trip in the car.
