5	I admit that I have a terrible (wonderful?) bourbon addiction. Living in Nashville, with all the distilleries so close, how could one not? I am proud to have 55 different bottles of bourbon in my whiskey library (plus a few random Rye's, Scotch's, Irish, and of course, 5 different Tennessee Whiskeys as well) Whenever I am in a new town, I always frequent a liquor store or two in the hopes of finding something truly unique - local liquor laws always keep some items off Tennessee shelves. Searching in Las Vegas for bourbon, I found the Whisky AtticInside a bar called The Freakin' Frog is a staircase that leads to heaven -  whiskey heaven. The Frog itself is a wonderful place, famous for having over 1,100 beers, but the Whisky Attic is amazing as it has over 600 different bottles of whiskey! While that makes the place amazing in its own right, it is what the owner, Adam Carmer, teaches that makes the place one of the Must Do's in Las Vegas.Like most people, I taste whiskey the way everyone else does - look, smell, taste - or at least I should say, I USED to taste that way;  not anymore. Adam has invented the only new method of tasting whiskey - ever. His method allowed me to taste 13 different whiskey's, one after the other and still be able to pick out individual tastes and smells. It was amazing. All those flavors I had tasted before, plus new ones I had read other people taste, but had never been able to pick out myself, they all shone through - even on the second or third sip.Adam's tasting class is by phone reservation only, and its not cheap ($150 for the one I attended), but for anyone that has a desire to taste whiskey and know what they are talking about, I cannot recommend this place and this experience highly enough.As one of my friends put it - its like seeing a new color
5	I took my buddies here for as the afternoon part of a bachelor party. Some of them were skeptical even though we all love whisky (particularly scotch). Adam greeted us at the door and gave us a tour of the Freakin' Frog before taking us to the main event, The Whisky Attic.Like I said some of my friends were skeptical about the entire thing, I pushed for everyone to sign up for the big tasting that was $120 but half felt only the $75 one was necessary and the larger was one pretty much a waste. I wouldn't go as far as to say that my friends and I are scotch experts but we have a scotch club that meets once a month and we love the hobby.Adam discussed what we were in store for and sat around the table as he gave us a bit of a history lesson in why he made the Attic, individual hedonism as he puts it, and how and why he came up with a new way of tasting, which he coins as CSTEM (couldn't tell you what it stands for other than the C is for his first name). All I will say is that you will be a believer.What I love is that every single tasting is different. Adam went around the table and asked each of us the same questions. By doing this he understands the palate each participant has. I love this customization. We had some real peatheads in our group, we only had one peaty scotch and a smokey whisky, let me tell you they weren't upset. I wasn't too excited to try out some bourbons, Canadian whiskies or anything other than Irish and Scottish whiskies, not when I'm dishing out $120 bucks but I will tell you that I shelled out $120 bucks, as did every single one of my friends (even the skeptics) and I will say that every single one of us left with our minds blown and so happy we did this.I cannot say enough good words about Adam, his partner in crime (didn't catch his name) and the entire experience. Adam is coming out with a book in a few weeks which I will buy, when I come back to Vegas I will come to the Attic again (even though half the value of the experience is the tasting method). I wholeheartedly recommend this place to absolutely anyone who loves whisky or is intrigued by it.
5	Boy did I learn so much from this place.  It was well worth the $60 we paid for the 7 pour  flight Whiskey tasting class.  Chad, the instructor was very knowledgeable and down to earth.  Never did I feel judged for being ignorant and all my life drinking Johnny Walker Black and Blue the wrong way.  If you are ever in Las Vegas, do yourself a favor and stop by.  It's like discovering new colors! Once you learn the tasting technique, you can apply it to all hard liqour.  I now have a better ability to make a decision whether I like a certain alcohol or not!  The room is amazing too!  Can't wait to go back!After your tasting experience, you can head downstairs, catch one of the millions of beer they serve, and catch a live band.  Just my kind of place!
4	Definitely an interesting, educational experience.If you're trying to get wasted, then you may not want to sign up for the whiskey tasting course -- and when I say course, I do mean an almost-lecture on the history of whiskey, tasting, etc.BUT, the experience has given me a whole new approach to tasting libations. I've used it for not only whiskey but also for wine as well.I could teach you, but I'd have to charge.
5	Read about this place in Los Angeles magazine and had to check it out! My boyfriend and I both really like bourbon and the selection they have is amazing, from all over the world. We got a great education from JD and even discovered a new favorite. The tastings are done by appointment and are not cheap - but this is top-shelf stuff and worth it. If you are a whiskey drinker of any type (not just bourbon although that is my favorite), definitely go!  We will absolutely be back!
5	Great place, best beer and whisky selection! I travel and know good finds and this was a score! Did the whisky tasting with 12 guys, Adam was great, 5 flights was enough! Finished the night winsome $$$$ rare beers! Thanks!
4	The Freakin' Frog is a regular stop for me when I visit Vegas. It's a nice, quiet place to head to when I want to get away from the noise of the strip. The beer and whiskey selection is amazing. That said the Freakin' Frog is not the Whiskey Attic. There is no other place like the Whiskey Attic. Wall to wall whiskey. I wish there was a way to just head in there for a few drinks but my understanding is you have to do a tasting if you want to have a seat. I did the tasting and I'll do it again. The people here are very knowledgeable and the experience is unique. The presentation itself needs some work but that is easy to overlook considering the refreshments served during. If you are looking for something different to do while visiting Vegas or if you are a fan of whiskey this is a place you have to go!
5	I brought my husband here for his birthday and we had a wonderful and unique experience! The owner or manager takes you to a room filled with thousands of bottles of whiskey and teach you their method of tasting whiskey. They give you 5 different whiskeys to try based on your personal tastes and preferences. My husband loves whiskey but I've never been much of a fan. After learning this process, I now appreciate and enjoy trying new whiskeys and my husband learned a lot as well. I know nothing about liquor but they made me feel welcome and didn't talk down to any of us there for the tasting. I highly recommend stopping here the next time you're in Las Vegas.
5	I never realized there were two listings!  I've reviewed The Frog, now let me review the Whiskey Attic!Adam is THE most knowledgeable person I know when it comes to Scotch and Whiskey.I've been up here on several occasions, and have tried many Scotches that I would have never been able to find elsewhere (1986 Bowmore!)The Attic is also where special events are held, like The Robert Burns nights!  I attended last year, and had a blast.  I can't wait to come back again. ;)
5	The bottom line is simple. I've brought about a half-dozen friends here who previously didn't enjoy whisky at all, and every one of them has become a whisky drinker since. If you're already a fan, you'll be delighted with what you learn and drink; if you currently find the idea of drinking 10 glasses of straight whisky to sound awful, you will be pleasantly surprised with the experience.When I first had a tasting, I had already been a fan and collector of scotch whisky for about 8 years. I was astonished at how much I learned here, and how much it expanded the range of whiskies that I love. Now, I've gone 5 times, and I'm still learning new things.You will leave the Whisky Attic with new knowledge that allows you to enjoy any liquor much more thoroughly and consistently. The value of this experience does not just come from the quality of whiskies that you get (though you will always get a good selection), but primarily from the tasting method that you learn. It's truly amazing.Adam and J.D. will give you a way to enjoy whisky tasting on your own, with no outside influence, discovering what you truly prefer, no matter what your preferences are. "Good" and "bad" are words you will never hear. The experience will not force anything on you. You will not be given tasting notes. You will learn how to taste and be free to taste whatever it is that your palate discovers. It's one of the most profoundly well-intentioned educational experiences I've ever had the privilege of enjoying.It will probably blow your mind how different are the various whiskies from one another. You will likely end up wanting to have a few bottles of your own for occasional sipping. You may decide never to use whisky as a mixer again. Of all the reviews I've ever written on Yelp, this is probably the one about which I'm the most passionate. Go to the Attic. You'll love it.
5	This was a great and fun experience. Customer service was prompt, priced reasonably and booking was easy. Adam was very understanding and accommodating.  JD was attentive and knowledgeable. I booked a tasting for a 9 person bachelor party. It was a great value and the entire group even the seasoned whiskey drinkers was able to learn something and take something away from this experienced. This is highly recommended.Thanks Adam and JD.
1	Worst "whiskey tasting" I ever had. The class was rambling nonsense by some guy named "JD" about taste blah blah blah. We got poured a bunch of liquers and bottom shelf whiskies. I have tasted probably every expensive bourbon out there outside of early BTAC and unobtainable stuff like AH Hirsche, Eagle Rare 101 etc so I know how to properly taste whiskey and take notes. His tasting class was off basis and caterers towards the extremely inexperienced and is just wrong on certain points and also a complete ripoff considering the price and what he pours for you. After that I found out that he was asking prices like $75 bucks a pour for the rare whiskies and up to $200 a pour for some others. That is just highway robbery. I suggest you skip this place entirely and put together your own tastings with friends and family.
