5	This is true personal training at a fraction of the cost. It's fast, convenient, clean & friendly! You choose the style of fitness YOU want, and your workout program will be designed specifically for YOU. And you will see your progress after each session. AWESOME!!! I like it so much I'm going 6 days a week!
5	I love this place!!  I love challenging myself, I love being able to work at my own pace and I love that these guys actually know my name.  It's a unique experience so if you are looking for a great place to work out and be social if you want or you just want to go in and do your workout (and it's kinda like playing a video game) - this is the place for you!  It's not a beef-cake factory - just normal people trying to get a little healthier!  Check it out!
5	I mistakenly posted this for the Bell Road Koko Fitness.  Here's my review of the McCormick Ranch Koko.I've been a member for 9 months. I previously belonged to 24Hour and The Village in years past. This is a great unique fitness program/club. I am completely sold on this method of weight training and fitness. I've seen real gains in my fitness level and strength which is measured at the end of each fitness program that I complete. I don't have to figure it out myself or hire a trainer, it's done for me. The staff are excellent, there to correct my form and are very knowledgeable, helpful and friendly. The weight training computerized machines, however, are the gem of this program. Personalized based on strength tests and range of motion, measures each workout, provides exact program and weights to lift as you work out, and keeps you on pace---wont let you slack. Ive seen real progress and weight loss. I've never had to wait for equipment and it's open 24 hours with your security key (not staffed 24 hr, only daytime), spotlessly clean. I do cardio on the elliptical or treadmills. Great location with underground parking to boot which I appreciate in the hot months. I love this place!
5	I used to go here for about 7 months since they opened in October. When I was looking for a gym to join I was drawn to this one because of all the great Yelp reviews from their other locations and the idea that a machine will tell you how to workout. It also didn't hurt that it was just a few minutes from my place.  If I were to join a larger gym, I'd probably just stick to the elliptical because I don't know how to use the other machines. Plus, they're usually pretty intimidating and I heard that it can get pretty busy (and a whole lot of other downsides). I wanted to go somewhere where I felt I was actually getting a good workout and not just doing cardio.Depending on how busy you are, you can get a great work out in about 15-45 minutes. The cardio portion is 15 minutes and the strength portion usually took me about 20-25 minutes. Your first few times will probably take longer as you get used to the equipment and the moves. As long as you go during the hours that are staffed, you're in good hands. I usually went right after work and rarely had to wait for a machine, even as they got busier. Everyone is super friendly and supportive. This is a great workout for all ages (really). I have never been so motivated to work out before and was pretty good at going daily. It doesn't take long at all and with it being just down the street, I really didn't have an excuse to not go. It's a whole lot cheaper than getting a personal trainer at one of those chain gyms too. Some of my friends paid $10-15 dollars per session for twice a week. That adds up pretty quickly! They go month to month which is great if you don't want to commit to a gym for a year. If you do have to cancel, it's super easy and hassle free. I would recommend going in and getting a tour. This way you'll really understand how the program works and can decide if it's a good fit for you.
5	Love this place. Started going here in June, and still going strong. It's super easy to stay motivated, and it is truly a "no-think" complete workout. I'm super busy, so it's nice to just be able to show up and workout. I'm sure my husband and I will be members here for a LONG time!
5	Koko is designed to give you the most efficient strength and cardio workouts in the easiest way possible. Your workout plan is tracked via your personal USB drive and you just plug it into a computer on the strength machine and the computer tells you exactly what to do! The staff at koko is incredible as well. They'll always help you with any technical problems and are there to ensure you're practicing good form during your workout so you see results! Love Koko!
