5	A wonderful organization, one of approximately 120 chapters nationwide.Consists of volunteers only, who run a fabulous Thrift Shop and whose primary philanthropy is to provide new clothing including shoes, jackets and health kids to needy children sent to us by the Clark County school district, through a program by the name of Operation School Bell.  Last year we dressed over 8,000 kids.  We also have several other programs that benefit the Las Vegas community.  A proud member.
2	Assistance may do wonderful things for the community, but their Thrift store is not a great place to shop for bargains.The Good: The store is well organized and clean. Its easy to look through the merchandise and the store has amble parking and easy to find. Very little furniture and some bric-a-bracThe Bad: The merchandise is overpriced. Shoes are $10-15. Better brands go higher. They really separate merch by brands and price accordingly. If you are looking for a deal on anything designer, then be prepared to pay. I dont have an issue with this, since they have to make money, but $20 for a men's dress shirt? And some of the stuff they price "designer" is not (Kenneth Cole, Calvin Klein, Reaction and RL) I see this stuff all over Goodwill and Salvation Army priced for much much less. I'd be willing to buy some of the stuff I saw, but not at the price they were marked. I saw lots of pretty nice designer stuff priced between $50-100. Maybe a deal to some, but I kept wishing if I saw this stuff at Savers or Goodwill, so it would be a lot less. The Ugly: The woman I encountered behind the counter was rude. I asked if there are any specials and she clearly shot me a stink eye. I thought: Hey Lady! News flash: All other thrift stores have daily specials. If your lame ass thrift store doesn't, its ok, just say so. No need to take offensive.She finally said "Everything is special here" with an attitude.I stared at her and said "Of course it is. You are special too" and walked off.In short, I would not go out of my way to shop here. If in the area and you have never stopped by, you were bored and wanted to spend more then you should, then buy all means stop by.
2	I've been here several times and MOST of the elderly ladies (there are a couple of nice ones) that volunteer here are rude. The Assistance League of Las Vegas do lots of good for the Vegas community and you would think that the ladies that represent them would be kind like the organization.  Prices are a bit high (like retail) but there are bargins to be found. Store is clean & organized.
