4	A Waterloo tradition since the 1960's. Sonny's is a great spot to stop in for hamburgers and hot dogs. The inside hasn't changed for at least 40 years judging by the decor. It is in a pretty convenient location at the corner of Weber St and Columbia St in Waterloo. This is an easy walk from the Student Ghetto. There are lots of outdoor seating for the summer time and the place has a drive in air about it. I find it reminiscent of they heydays of A&W and roller skates. The burgers are pretty good!
4	Amazing burgers and hand cut fries at this authentic drive-in.If you are looking for a quick fix and are craving a burger this is the place to go!  Only takes slightly longer than some of the fast food joints in town but the food is much better and you get to customize what comes on your burger.  Obviously the burgers and fries are the most popular items but I also enjoy the onion rings and have seen customers order other items like the steak on a bun.
1	Heard that this place was around for a long time and had really good burgers. After going to frescos for a long time me and my roommate went here to try something different. Big mistake. The burgers were smaller and you can tell that they werent fresh. There toppings only included onions, tomatoes and pickles. Pretty disappointing after hearing good things about them. Im surprised they are still around with frescos right across from them.
5	I love Sonny's!! The food is always fresh and the portion sizes are huge! The chicken fingers are delicious :) I think you get around 4 or 5 chicken fingers and they are huge. The fries are usually pretty good as well. I love the burgers - you can put pretty much anything on them. They're juicy and made fresh (or at least every time I go!) It's open late. Its always super busy on fridays for fish and chips. I don't eat fish so I can't judge but I assume they're good considering most people get them! It's my choice for a quick bite to eat! Another tip is to get the fry sauce! It's like a ketchup and mayo mix but with some more stuff in it, and it's delicious! If you are looking for a divey drive in place this is the spot! It's also great in the summer because they have outdoor seating!
2	I was looking for a good burger in town, and wanted to try a local place. Sonny's has the drive-in done charm, and they dress the burger the way you want. I was disappointed with the fries - they were frozen, and I guess I expected fresh cut from a place like this. The burger itself was ok, nothing special. If I was stopping in after the bar, I might have a different opinion, but I won't be coming back when I have a greasy burger craving...
5	Such a classic place for burgers and fries! They are grilled fresh, and amazing, as are the onion rings and fries! There's a reason this place has been around so long. They even still have pac man and other arcade games in there.
5	Their burgers, while nothing to write home about, are good. However, Sonny's has, hands down, the best fries I have ever eaten. Fresh cut, big portions, absolutely amazing. I have never been disappointed when eating at Sonny's.
