5	I used to eat at Schlotzky's all the time when I lived in Mesa, so I was happy to find one on this side of town when I moved here.  I eat here at least once a week.  The food is fresh and wonderful.  If you've never had their signature bread (sandwich buns or pizza crust) it's amazing - just like I remember it.  The staff is always friendly and even knows my name now.  It's clean in the diningroom and restroom, also - which is very important.  I'd highly recommend them to anyone wanting a nice change of pace from the typical fast-food experience.
5	My friend Brian and I are always having date night here at Schlotzky's Deli, We order the medium size turkey club sandwich on sourdough bread and the Vegetarian Pizza. Fresh vegetables, and bread are always delicious, this is plenty for us, and leftovers for the following day. We also enjoy the Cinnabon cinnamon rolls, or fresh baked chocolate chips cookies. I prefer the raisin cookies.The order taker is always friendly and polite and recommends drinks or dessert, we have only had to wait a few minutes for our order to be brought out to our table. One of my favorites is the green tea with fresh lemon, but Brian prefers soda.
1	If you are going to have a rewards program where you get 1 stamp per sandwich bought and at 10 you get a free one, then it should be 1 stamp per sandwich not per combo ordered. Read your card. My card is in the trash. My family will not ever eat at any branch of this place. There are thousands of sandwich shops and this is only middle of the road at best. All it takes is one little thing to cost you thousands.
4	Schlotsky's sandwiches are delicious! This location makes a great sandwich. They have salads. The counter help is friendly. They also have Cinnabon if you want a sweet dessert!!
4	Finally, we live closer to a Schlotzky's. Although, I find it very mean that now they have a Cinnabon display right in front of the counter. How can you resist? It's a love hate relationship for sure.Schlotzky's never disappoints. I love their sandwitches. This time hubby and I shared a regular turkey club on sour dough bread. Baked to perfection and super flavorful. Just the right amount of turkey, mayonnaise, and lettuce and cheese. Sounds simple but yet they manage to make it special. So far it has always been clean and staff is friendly and professional. I will be back.
