4	Real carnitas! Cactus salad, rotisserie chicken; other than Mexico there's Catnitas Guanajuato. Authentic & extremely good! Nice people as well...
5	This place is legit.  Best carnitas in town, without a doubt.  The refried beans are also excellent as is the guacamole!  Packaged all together inside the homemade corn tortilla and it is heaven.  Go there.
4	Carnitas Guanajuato is located in the old Knife and Fork building on Sharon Amity. When you get our of your car, it smells like roasted meat, rotisserie chicken or grilling pork, it smells delicious. The menu has the mandatory, basic Mexican restaurant items, but where they differ, they offer all kinds of meat, kind of reminded me of a Peruvian restaurant. By the looks of the photos on the menu, they pile the plates high. One item caught my eye, a pound of pulled pork, yes please. I would like a large plate of pork, enough to feed four. I decided on ordering queso, guacamole and an al pastor taco. So when the server came around, I ordered, refried beans, jalapenos, sour cream, queso, and guacamole. There were so many little dishes on the table,  they also greet you with three salsas, pico and lemons. (LOVE) Every little dish on the table was delicious, you wanted to keep putting different salsas on bites, each bite would be a blast of comfort and heat! What a rush!We never made it to round two for the tacos. Maybe a reason to return today!Sad to report it looked like beer only. No tequila. Gasp.
4	There are a lot of Mexican restaurants in Charlotte, but this is the only one I have found that has pork skin tacos. That's right, cracklins on a taco. It doesn't get much better than this. Crispy fried pork fat on a taco. Yum. Hubby had the BBQ lamb plate and all that was left at then end of the meal were some licked clean bones. They also offer "fruit waters" which are excellent. All they need is some rum to throw in the pina one and they would have a great Pina Colada.
4	Carnitas Guanajuato has moved to 5534 Albemarle rd.
4	Not closed- just moved to Albarmarle Road, in the shopping center where the Dollar Tree is near Sharon Amity.
