5	I've been Dr. Castilla's office for 7 years.  Her office has relocated and her practice has grown over the years and for good reason.  She is a Dr. that treats you as a person and takes her time to honestly answer your questions.  She makes eye contact with you and I couldn't ask for anything more.  Just remember, it is a large practice and the staff is sometimes questionable.  But, she's worth the wait!  Now that we've relocated, I hate to give up Dr. Castilla.  She's irreplaceable!
1	Dr's here are terrific if you ever can get an appointment to see one. Office is beautiful inside. But they probably should have invested the $$ in upgrading the office functionality. Phone system in not user friendly..all robots and slim chance of getting human to ever answer phone.  Then she redirects u 2 voicemail even if it's within operational hours. U better be dying, hemorrhaging or in labor right now they just transfer u back into the voicemail system. Posted hours  do not reflect actual hours of operation. Need yr records sent to you or another Dr? Great! This office is trapped in the 80's and not technology friendly. To convey information and records the use fax, snail mail, and probably last owners of a typewriter. Unfortunately, making their turn around time REALLY slow. Online.. What's that? The whole office doesn't even have one email address.Great Dr's if u ever get an appointment. 2 month waiting period average.
5	Dr. Castilla is hands down the best OB/gyn I have ever been to. She takes time with you and I never feel as though she is rushing through my appointments. She guided me through my pregnancy beautifully and ended up inducing me early because of a complication. She monitored my baby's growth very carefully throughout my pregnancy and for that I am eternally grateful. I hate to think what would have happened if I didn't have Dr. Castilla's expertise and care. She makes you feel very comfortable and I feel like I can talk to her about anything. I will continue to go to Dr. Castilla and I hope to have her as my OB for my next pregnancy. I drive from Gilbert to her office in north Scottsdale for her because she is worth it!
5	Dr. Castilla was my OB/GYN in 2013 when I was pregnant with my first child. I loved how easy it was to schedule appointments and how easy going she was. I was terrified but she made everything seem like a piece of cake. Delivery day was good too and she was there when I needed her. She put all the pieces together better than it was before. ..if you know what I mean ;)Thank you for taking care of me and my child.
