4	I called all over town, trying to get the best price on some BFG Mud Terrains, and Big O had it. The guys were very courteous, and got me in for an appointment pretty quickly. They had the job done in about an hour. There only a few small minuses. It would have been nice if they called when my truck was done, rather then me coming back at the estimated time and hoping for the best. They didn't put my spare tire tools back they way they belonged. They forgot to put one of my old tires on the spare rim, as I had requested. When I pointed that last thing out, they did get it done right away. Over all, it was a pretty positive experience, and I would not hesitate to go back.
2	Service at this location is on the decline.  I used to be able to go in and see personal I knew and trusted, but they have recently been running through desk persons pretty fast, and I often feel like I have been given the run around upon leaving...instead of long term customer care, they only seem interested in the $!
1	I made an appointment at this location 2 weeks ago. When I show up at the agreed upon time I am informed there isnt an appointment under my name. Instead of apologizing for their error, the representative immediatley states I must have called the  wrong location and proceeds to call a nearby store. Of course, they didnt have anything under my name either, but that is because I didnt schedule the appointment there. You would think at this point an apology would be appropriate but no, I am told they are booked solid and the vehicle might get squeezed in if left all day. After further review a sliver of time is found for 3 hours later. Guess who is the only one inconvenienced, the one that made the good for nothing appointment to begin with. As we all know the key to taking a reservation is holding it, anyone can TAKE a reservation.
1	If I could give them less than one star i would. Have been taking this vehicle there for many many years, made an appointment to drop it off the next day. I waited over 7 1/2 hours to hear back from them, and then still couldn't tell me what was wrong. They then told me it would be 1000 dollars to open the transmission and diagnosis what might be wrong. That was not to fix it just to diagnose. Mind you everyone else only charges about 85 dollars. Then they were going to charge me to get my vehicle back to their shop, I never authorized it to be taken elsewhere. Not only have they lost my longtime business but my entire families. And I will tell EVERYONE I know to never patronize this business.
1	I came in for an oil change with a coupon for $15 off. There were 2 service  advisers at the counter when I presented the coupon the adviser that wasn't waiting on me looked on to see if my advisor imputing the job correctly in the computer. I took note of this and went to the waiting area. After a short wait I was presented with the bill which was a few cents less than my last oil change and I let them know it. Immediately they both scrambled to fix what they had been caught doing. What they did was increase the oil change by $10 and add a $5 surcharge, but I had my last bill to prove to them and confronted them about it. Beware of this scam
