4	I finally visited the Zoyo by my place.  I have to say that the yogurt and toppings are simply amazing.  It has chocolate, dolce latte, vanilla, etc.  The place is done in a simple modern elegance.  The windows in the front were removed yesterday to allow the fresh air to come in.  It was nice to be able to sit down and enjoy a terrific cup of quality yogurt with great toppings.However, I must say that I do prefer the other location on Glendale Avenue.  The other store has more flavors of yogurt.  The number of yogurt choices were good, but not great.  The atmosphere was somewhat sterile with a few LCD televisions tuned to ESPN and other sport channels.  I am not a sports fan so I simply wanted to see anything but sports, not an option.The place was dead for about 45 minutes until a huge influx of snowbirds came by.  The place also has free wi-fi.I must say that this place is great for a $3.00 to $4.00 mid-day treat, but please get rid of the sports station.  Zoyo is a yogurt store, not a sports bar!   My suggestion is news, HBO and local television.  Furthermore, the music is horrendous.  I have absolutely no idea what music was flooding the store.  I have a reasonable open mind towards new things, but the music or lack there of lacked of any genre whatsoever.Zoyo management - quick tip - change the music and the television station, add some more flavors and you quickly have a five star establishment!
5	This is our FAVORITE place to get yogurt.  The flavors are AMAZING - the price is good - and the service is friendly!!  Love this place!!!
4	I love this Zoyo.  My fiance and I have already redeemed 3 loyalty cards- so I guess you could say we've been there a lot. I've only gone in the evening/at night and it's always been busy. Not to the point of being irritating or annoying; I've never had to wait, but if I wanted to eat it there I wouldn't be able to because the few tables they have are full. Not a problem, because I like to eat my treats at home on my own sweet couch. The flavors are changed out regularly and I've had a chance to taste many of them. Only complaint is that, just as often as the yogurt changes are made it seems that they also make subtle changes to the topping selection. I have been missing the kit-kats and reese's crumbles lately and sometimes the fruits are not exciting- but that's just personal taste. I sent my fiance there one night to bring something back for me and the only peanut butter cups they had were some hard, knock-off kind. I am a chocoholic and a picky one at that, so I didn't like that they didn't have my favorites available, but such is life. Overall I am always able to put together something yummy and new, and I have found the price to be the same or similar per ounce as other yogurt vendors in town. The interior is very minimalist but I don't go there to look at artwork or watch TV so it really doesn't bug me- I go for the Yo'!  Before Zoyo opened, the TCBY across the street was our yogurt place. Sadly, they will likely close their doors for business soon as I do not see how they can compete (unless the ice-cream cake market starts to get some attention!) I'd even say the prices are better at Zoyo then they are at TCBY- we spend on average $10 for two of us when we go and that's because my fiance is a heavy-hitter with the toppings; when we used to go to TCBY it was usually like $12.
4	Well we had a living social coupon for this new locale in our neighborhood....and we were not disappointed. The coupon was for 20 bucks worth of yogurt and we only paid 10 bucks for it. We received two 10 dollar gift certificates and a couple of weeks back we finally decided to use one of them. It is self serve like several other froyo establishments throughout the valley....they have some nice outdoor seating....and they also have 3 flat screen TV's on the inside. The yogurt itself is very good....i had the regular tart mixed with the mango and I have to tell you is was outstanding. This by the way was my second visit here...just wanted to clear that up because earlier I mentioned we were just using one of our certificates...but actually this was our second.The first trip we made I tried the root beer float with strawberries and fudge sauce....and while it was good....it wasn't great. However like I said earlier the tart with the mango is a must try for everyone. They change the flavors weekly....but I don't want anything else but the tart and mango. So if your ever in my hood and want to try the this locale let me know what you think of the Regular Tart and Mango if they have it that week of course...LOL. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
4	Very good. Lots of great choices in yogurt flavors and toppings.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! Of all of the self-serve yogurt places in the valley, this is the best. Fresh flavors and very fresh fruit toppings. Zoatmeal is one of my favorite flavors and I'm still waiting for them to bring the PB&J back.If you show up on Wednesday in your Pajamas, you get 50% off!
2	There is always a first one for everything, I never thought it would ever be for fro-yo.  This place is really nice, however, the flavors are not great.  I tasted the snickerdoodle and the pumpkin pie.  The flavors were so off.  I didn't want to taste any others because the only person there seem to frown upon once I wanted to taste the second one, so I chose to go for flavors I have had at other places.  I got a little bit of cake batter, cheesecake and white chocolate macadamia nut.  Well, my; first bite was of the macadamia nut one, and it was horrible, tasted of rancid nut.  So I decided to avoid that corner of the cup, then I went for the cheesecake, it was so tart and not in a pleasant way, so I thought, well how bad can cake batter be, well I ended up throwing the cup in the trash can, if I am going to get the calories I might as well enjoy them, that is my new mantra. OHMMMMMM.
2	I live nearby and figured I should give this place a shot.  I recently went to Zen Zen Yogurt near 44th St. and Indian School and enjoyed it and I figured Zoyo would be similar.  It was not.  We tried 5 different flavors, and they were all memorable in a bad way.  The vanilla was the least offensive, and the strawberry cheesecake and pistachio were the worst.  The topping selection was somewhat limited unless you like things you normally would not want to eat with yogurt like gummy bears.  The decor was contemporary and the place was clean.
1	I tried some of their yogurt today.  On my 45 minute drive home, I got a really bad stomach ache.  When I got home, I went to their website and checked the ingredients for their frozen yogurt.  To my horror, one of the main ingredients is corn syrup.  Most of the corn, soy, canola, zucchini, breakneck squash and Hawaiian papaya is genetically modified (better known as GMOs).  GMOs have never been studied for safety in humans.  In animal studies, they have been shown to cause organ damage and infertility.  Organic food cannot contain GMOs.  My new policy will be never to eat something unless I know the ingredients.  Live and learn.
4	First of all, I'd like to point out that I am somewhat of a fro-yo afficionado.  I have tried just about every self-serve yogurt shop you can think of. I have been known to drive 20 miles away from my home just to try a new yogurt shop. And this, my friends, is among the best.  It has themed nights, including wearing your PJ's to the shop and getting half off the price. And dude, get this...they cater!!! They will bring several flavors and toppings into your home, business, whatever. Now I need an excuse to order them for something.
2	I like Zoyo, but I'm not sure I would come here if it weren't for the little girl I babysit who loves their yogurt. Sometimes I just feel like their flavors are too processed, and all of their yogurts regardless of dairy content or flavor have high fructose corn syrup in them. If you do go here, try the cake batter or the oatmeal cookie flavors, with toasted coconut.
5	I love this yogurt shop! It is always clean and well stocked. The people up front are friendly. I also like that they always have fruit flavors and not just cookies n cream. I think this is the best one in Phoenix.
4	I went there on a wed night and it was packed! It's apparently pajama night and if you were your pjs you get a discount, kinda a fun idea. Anyway it was decent. They didn't have the best flavors at the time but it was still a decent selection. They did hve a ton of toppings which I liked. All in all it was ok, I'd probably go back if I was in the neighborhood but wouldn't drive out of my way to go
3	Zoyo is a moderately sized froyo place in comparison to many in the Phoenix area.  It has a good selection of flavors, but many are hit-or-miss. While the flavors are often creative (bubblegum, oatmeal cookie), some of the standards are subpar (peanut butter). There is a smaller-than-average selection of toppings. Seating is ample.  Zoyo is a great choice when you're nearby, but I wouldn't make a huge trip for it.
5	This is my favorite yogurt place. Hands down.
1	Zoyo has by far the worst tasting frozen yogurt I have ever had, and I have had them all! It literally turns into liquid in seconds.  My girlfriend and I decided to enjoy some yogurt one evening and within seconds our toppings were submerged in melted nastiness.  They should be ashamed of themselves. The fact that they are still in business blows my mind! Anytime you walk into a frozen yogurt place and wish you had McDonalds instead...you know its poor! Next time I will make the drive to Yogurtland!
4	LOVE this place. Best of all those around. Clean with pleasant staff. And Pajama Wednesday is so fun to people watch!
5	Probably the best frozen yogurt that I've had. They have some very unique, tasty choices in the machines, plus the best variety of toppings that I've ever seen in a froyo shop. No way would I go back to Yumberi or Yogurt Mart!
4	Yum, Yum, and Yum!  Being a southern Cali gal, I love my Pinkberry! Zoyo is the closest I've found since moving here......the "plain" flavor and the salty caramel are my fav.  One time I was there, they had a Jalapeno Strawberry flavor that was really good! I also like the outdoor seating.  Check it out!
5	So many flavors.  It's hard to decide sometimes.
3	Zoyo would probably be just another mediocre self-serve frozen yogurt shop if it weren't for a few unique features.  The space is really big for a fro-yo shop with plenty of tables inside and out.  The toppings bar is on an island so you can actually walk around other customers instead of waiting on the guy ahead of you.  The sample cups are at the register, but left out so customers can take them at their own leisure instead of waiting for a free employee to hand you one.  There are two cup sizes (it's still big and huge, but at least there's an option).  Zoyo also features a little paper divider to split your cup in half.  What a simply brilliant idea.  You can put several flavors in a cup without them melting and mixing together.  Why does no one else offer that?So on to the important part;  the flavors.  On the plus side, there are six machines (12 flavors plus 6 mixes).  Yay for variety!  I also like the consistency of the yogurts.  None of them came out of the machines soft or soupy.  What I did select actually stayed fairly solid all they way to the bottom of my cup.  On the negative side, most of the offerings were average at best.  Many just weren't all that flavorful.  However, the salted caramel was heavenly.  I would go back time and time again just to indulge in this.
5	Found another great stop for fro-yo! Zoyo hit the spot on a 3-digit summer day in Phoenix. I had the chocolate fudge yogurt and was quite impressed as it didn't have that tangy tart that others often do.Toppings were well-stocked w/expansive options. Housekeeping of the topping station was also on-point which goes along way for me.Shop offered tables in/out for patrons. Temp inside the shop felt like a meat locker, but maybe it was bc it was so hot outside?
5	I love frozen yogurt and Zoyo has the best by far. Creamy and not crystallized at all like other places I've tried. There is always a great selection of flavors, all listing nutritional and dietary information. The standards (chocolate and vanilla) are always available, and other flavors change regularly. The oatmeal cookie and cake batter flavors really taste like their namesakes!  If you don't like to mix flavors, they even offer a divider for your cup! Zoyo also has a great selection of toppings, from fruits to nuts to sprinkles and candies. Love, love, love this place.
3	I might have given 5 stars a couple months ago, but lately the quality of the yogurt (runny) and service has gone down hill. The person on shift is never out front and the answers to questions about the NSA flavor or toppings is always "I dont know" or "I'm not told that". On top of that the machines don't always function right and there is old yogurt on the catch grills. But for me, the 3 stars really is for the fact that they have not switched the no sugar added flavor in three weeks. I don't eat anything with sugar and was so happy they offer a NSA yogurt and fresh fruit toppings. I can have dessert! However, it's been Blueberry Blast for way too long. I noticed they haven't  switched out the sorbet either. Those of us with dietary concerns would appreciate a variety, too.
3	The yogurt is made with natural flavors and is 'real yogurt' and all this other grand healthy greatness, but the flavor is just okay.  Not very rich tasting, more on the light side.  Anyway, I come here a lot because it is close to home.  I like their chocolate and strawberry yogurts the best.  I would pass on the salty caramel, sounds good but the taste is lacking in my book.They have decent customer service, it is clean and well stocked, and they have mini-gummy bears, so I will keep coming back.
5	Great neighborhood yogurt place! They have great favors and toppings, the staff is very nice and there's pizza next door if you're real hungry! Overall great experience and the only frozen yogurt place in the Shea area.
