4	As a Jamaican-Canadian transplant, I covet this space! All of my true yardee-style grub is on the menu (and off of it - read on). Where else may a Yinser try escovish fish, fried bami, jamaican patties, caribbean style curry, or seafood fritters in a cozy "Irie" inspired space?Granted, when I made the nostalgic trip there I was so blinded by the promise of good eats, that I glanced over the menu-in-construction, and the limited options, because the menu was in construction. But, the servers were flexible, and my eventual meal was a truly blissful experience.
3	SO SLOOOOOOOW. I really like their jerk chicken. From what I've heard, it's pretty authentic, especially the part where they literally butcher chop the chicken into random pieces. If you order their Jerk Chicken, you can get a leg, or maybe a wing, or maybe a cut of something and something else, or... who knows, it's a surprise. I've never tried ordering a specific part of the chicken, but I bet they would just look at me funny if I did.But yes, their service is extremely slow. So slow that you would think there is only one person in the back doing the work of 4 people, but I don't think that's the case. I think it's just the culture of the business they run. Go prepared to stay there longer than your typical hour or so because you will be waiting. Expect to repeat things multiple times to the server, who is usually very sweet but also forgetful and unattentive. If you want something, ask for it specifically. I literally sat there for 2.5 hours one time. I had decent company, so it wasn't that bad, but I was STARVING. I was craving their jerk sauce, so I had just to wait. If you really like a good kick, ask for their homemade hot sauce. I can take some pretty spicy things, and this one is enough to make me cringe. Because it's homemade, ithe hotness does differ from time to time. I haven't tried anything else there, but if I am waiting an 45-60 mins on average for food, I want to make sure it's the best thing on the menu.
2	Service was horrendous and the wait was even worse.  Took an hour  for shrimp, a food that takes 6 minutes to cook.  The food was descent but not worth the wait.  I could also hear arguing going on in the kitchen while i was waiting.  Will not be returning and would rather go to Abay next door.
1	Slow is definitely the word of the day. A group of friends and I were trying to go to the Ethiopean restaurant next door but they had an hour long wait, so we walked over here.  We were in somewhat of a rush, because it was 6:30, and we needed to leave by 7:30 in order to catch a play at CMU.  When we first got in, it took them about 5 minutes to just seat us.  That should have been warning enough.It took them 15 minutes before we got to order, and by the time 7:30 rolled around, we still hadn't gotten any food.  We had asked the server about the timing a few times, but finally, we just told the server that we really had to go and walked out.I know it's not very nice to give a place 1 star when you haven't even tried the food.  For all I know, it could be phenomenal.  But seriously, I don't think it's acceptable to make people wait more than an hour for their food.  Apparently, all the food is made to order, and by that, I mean they make it as you order it, instead of having some food already prepared in the back that's just waiting for the final touches or something.  So that explains the wait.
4	As others have said, this is not fast food. But damn, I will be dreaming about the jerk shrimp for the next decade. This is a small restaurant with a cook in the back and a waitress / hostess in the front. I wouldn't be surprised if they're all in the same family. I wasn't as impressed with the main dishes as the jerk shrimp appetizer. I thought the brown sauce was a little heavy / oily. Unfortunately, I didn't save room for the Jamaican Rum cake but I would love to try it. They were also out of quite a few items including the escovitch fish and ginger beer. Overall, it's a charming restaurant with friendly staff that are obviously trying their best. They fall short on the speed and keeping all the ingredients in stock, but not on the taste, and that's what's most important.
3	OK, so I finally went back, and this time, I even got food!  Granted, I think my friend and I were the only customers in there for the first half hour, so if there hadn't been food, they really would have had no excuse.I had a goat curry stew, which was different and good.  They don't always have sweet fried plantains, but it's good to know that they MIGHT have them, for when I get a craving.Seems like take out might be a better way to go - the entire time I was there, cars kept on pulling onto the curb right in front of the restaurant, people would stumble in and stumble out, just like that.  So... maybe the better strategy is to call in your order, chill out at home for the hour it's going to take them to make it, and then just come and pick it up.
3	Yeah. Slow.. Very.. Good food, but we had a table of 9 and there was a good 20 minutes wait from the first order to the last to get to the table. Take out next time as other reviewers had said ..
2	Food: many authentic Caribbean dishes to chose from, two vegetarian appetizers and two vegetarian entrees, from a strictly vegetarian perspective the food was average at best, the options sounded delicious but tasted barely mediocre, the choices for side dishes were not appealing and weren't too satisfying to eat either, the salad was one of the worst we've ever encountered (only dressing choices were ranch and caeser, at a caribbean restaurant), however the mango-pineapple-carrot ginger beer was one of the best drinks we have ever tasted anywhere and definitely worth the $3.50Price: very favorable prices across the board, reasonableDrinks: BYOBAtmosphere: very small dining room with tables against the wall and one big table in the middle, not good, not bad, very averageService: the staff was friendly, but we got the feeling our waitress had just started waiting tables that day (as in 15 years old and confused about how to do it), she spoke very fast and was difficult to understand, we both ordered mashed potatoes as sides and after waiting 25 minutes for our entrees she told us they were out of mashed potatoes as we were served the entrees and we had to pick something else, when we went to pick something else we learned they were also out of several other sides narrowing our choices, we ordered rice with peas and when the rice came out it had kidney beans in it instead(+): nice people, authentic food, small business that appreciates the patronage, fair prices(-): inexperienced/confused/untimely service, not good for vegetarians, boring atmosphereWould I go back again? No.  (if I wasn't a vegetarian, I may give it a second chance)
4	The curry tofu is delicious.    Our first time there  The owner came out and Gave us free appetizers because they were taking longer than normal to make our meal.  After a dozen times or so,  he came out and made us try his hottest sauce and then shots of very strong rum.   Very good.   They recently added more kitchen staff, so the wait is less than it used to be.   Worth the wait for the food though.  BYOB
3	Jerk chicken was good and the hot sauce was really good. I had a jerk or hot shrimp app and it was also good. Make sure your up for an extra long dinner. Nice people and service it's just on island time, madd slow.
5	Very delicious and tasty food (we had the ox tail and the jerk chicken).  The service was good, the prices decent and a wide variety of people were dining at the restaurant.  Great place. We will be back!!!
3	I came here with a group of seven girls, and that makes it very hard for restaurants to serve speedily and efficiently, but I felt like our waitress did a great job considering our group's size, the fact that it was her first day, and that she was the only server in the restaurant!We brought our own wine, which had a $2.50 fee for the bottle - it's nice when BYOB is free, but $2.50 split between several people is really nothing, so no biggie. She opened the wine for us and brought glasses.  I know that a few people ordered non-alcoholic drinks and did not receive them, but were initially charged for them on the check, so we had to get that fixed.  Minor hassle.  We began with fried green plantains which were hot and crispy - they were served with ketchup, but when we asked if they had any other sauce, she brought us out something more flavorful to try!I think everyone like their entrees.  I know the flavor of mine was fantastic - the server recommended the BBQ Jerk Chicken, with their homemade BBQ sauce, and it really was great.  I don't think it's too spicy for anybody who can eat Thai and Indian food at a moderate spice level, but it does have heat so I would not recommend it to someone who can't handle that.  Anyway the flavor was great, but there just....wasn't much chicken!  There were 4 pieces but it seemed to be mostly bone/connective tissue - the meat-to-bone ratio was sadly low.  The meat was so juicy, I would've loved a bigger portion, or bigger pieces of meat!  I got black beans and rice/peas for my sides.  Heads up people - "rice and peas" = rice and beans, so don't go blaming the restaurant for getting your side dish wrong.  The sides were very mild in flavor, which was nice because they served to calm the palate after the spicier entree.We were there for an hour and 45 minutes before we'd all paid, so things did move a bit slowly, but we didn't really mind.  Sounds like other people are saying that the restaurant is often slow, so heads up about that.  The waitress also brought our checks before asking if we wanted dessert, and I know some people wanted cake, so that might be in their best interest to fix!All in all, a tasty and authentic meal.  I would loooove to up my review to 4-stars, which I would do if I came back and got another great-tasting meal that had a larger portion!
2	I can summarize this review as "decent food, bad service".We (party of four) walked right in on a Sunday evening and were seated immediately. Only two customers were seated in the restaurant when we came in, and they received their food around the time we placed our orders. Ordering was difficult because they were out of many things, including goat, ox tail, ginger beer, and a few more things I didn't quite catch (appetizers, etc.)We finished our order, and after we had waited for twenty minutes, the waitress finally brought out one person's garden salad. Ten minutes later, after the salad was long finished,  she brought out the appetizer we had ordered.By this point, the couple who had been eating their meal had already left- we were the only people waiting for food.Another fifteen minutes later, the waitress came to tell us the food would be right out, but then there was ANOTHER ten minute wait before it actually did come out.Just shy of an hour after we had put in our order, the food reached the table. It was pretty good, but not worth waiting an hour for, especially when we were the only people waiting for food. I might come back here again to give it a second chance, but my first impression was really lousy. Moderately good food (maybe 3.5 out of 5) matched with inexcusably long wait times. It took them just under an hour to cook four meals with a practically empty house. (Though I guess it's possible that they might have been making takeout meals,  preparing ingredients for the next day, or some other thing that would occupy the kitchen.)
4	I have no idea what authentic Caribbean food is so I'll try to explain what I tasted and you can go from there.I ordered a homemade ginger beer to go with my water and I have to say it was the best ginger beer I've ever tasted. It wasn't nearly as carbonated as the ones you'd buy in the bottle such as Reeds and was a little sweeter. The ginger was so intense that by the end of the glass I was sweating a little from the spiciness. It was REALLY good and anyone who enjoys the mild tingle of ginger ale should try it at least once.As an appetizer I had the fried ripe plantains. They came out golden brown and had a kind of soggy consistency. In my head I was thinking of a crisper appetizer but I thought they were delicious. I'm not sure how they are prepared traditionally. The inside was sweet and a bit tangy and surprisingly was not as similar to a banana as I thought it would be. I really liked them and was impressed at their ability to walk the fence between sweet and savory.I ordered the jerk chicken as my entree and thought it was awesome. The spiciness keeps pace with you as you eat it. It doesn't overwhelm you right off the bat but by the end of your meal you usually are ready to succumb to its spice. The chicken came bone-in which in my opinion is always a good sign. I hate it when people sacrifice flavor for convenience. The sauce around the chicken was abundant and delicious and the jerk rub was proportioned perfectly for me. I had a sign of "rice and peas" which was more like rice and beans, as well as black beans. The rice was fluffy and abundant and the black beans were really good.For dessert I had the Jamaican rum cake. It came with a small scoop of ice cream and a decorative fanned out piece of soft, sweet mango. I did not care for the rum cake because, once again, being unfamiliar with Caribbean food I was expecting something else. The cake was incredibly dense, moist and seemed to be full of molasses. I am not a huge fan of molasses so I did not care for it as much.All in all the food here was incredible. The waitress was really nice and kept our drinks filled. No one was in the restaurant as is the usual situation with non-chain restaurants in Pittsburgh so don't let the lack of customers deter you.
4	It was delicious! 2 curry chicken legs with a few, very few little pieces of potato, a side of black beans and a side of cabbage that was WONDERFUL! They only lose a star, because of the price...that small plate...$11.00! I could see $8.00 & that's about it! We got it takeout & ate it next door at Shadow & Ava Lounge.
5	This is my first update of a prior review & this place so DESERVES it! The 1st time I ate here, I ordered out & took it next door. This time I wanted the whole experience. It was a Sunday afternoon around 4 pm. There was one other 6 person party there discussing catering options for their upcoming wedding to be catered by Royal Caribbean.The waitress was super sweet, prompt, made great recommendations & even offered to comp our appetizer if it did not meet her praises. We started out with the seafood fritters that came with the best homemade remoulade sauce I have EVER had...extra spicy! They were a nice golden brown & the batter had a slightly sweet taste. For our meal, we flipped the menu over & ordered the chicken 3 ways:stewed, jerked & curried. We got 2 sides that were extra BIG! We chose the beans & rice & cabbage. The cabbage had a sweet flavor, but Ben said no sugar in it only a sweet vinegar. The stewed chicken was my Beau's favorite and the jerk was mine. The jerked chicken is made from a homemade mixture that I had to call Ben (owner & chef) out to the table to find out more about. The jerk mixture has 5 different peppers & is the hottest sauce I have ever had...which is a good thing. I loved it so much he gave me a big bowl to go which will be perfect on fish. Then he offered to bring us goat which was AMAZING!  Our total bill was $29.00 for appetizer, chicken 3 ways & the sides...now ....that I can do....the combo platter on the back of the menu is the best value. There are enough sides for 4 people. On our way out, Ben got us to try 2 of his homemade juices: 1st fresh squeezed mango, carrot & pineapple...delicious...made me want to buy a juicer & 2nd fresh squeezed ginger and pineapple...not my favorite, but Ben swears by it's medicinal qualities for the belly.This place is definitely a hidden gem!!!
4	On a rainy evening, while in search of this little place, I passed by a shuttered restaurant and saw the dimly lit words " Royal Caribbean" and "Jamaican" and went NOOOOOOOO!!!!! All that traveling halfway through Pittsburgh for this much raved about Jerk Chicken and it ran out of business?  Then I squinted through the rain, looked closer and saw that the place that closed shop was actually called "Islands Tast" (That is not my typo) and that I was actually a block from my real destination.  Calming down slightly from my momentary panic attack, I arrived at The Royal Caribbean and went indoors.Whoa that interior was small.  You enter and just like that the ordering counter is right in front of you with maybe a few short feet of moving space between you and the wall.  The matronly lady by the counter casually asked me am I new to the place?  With a  nod, I answered yes and went about my business of ordering.  The rice orders comes as either small or large, the large being about $2 more per order.  Thinking that I wanted try more then one selection here, I chose two small orders, assuming it'll be tiny enough to manage. My thought when my orders came was, "Damn if that is the small size, I can't imagine the big one."  The portion size was generous. There was no Homemade Ginger Beer that was very disappointing, and no Cabbage on this Tuesday evening. My orders:Jerk Chicken.  This dish must be filled with crack.  It's so moist, juicy, flavorful, and surprisingly had a decent spicy kick to it.  The meat was of the fall of the bone variety and the skin was peppery, well spiced, and slightly soft but not soggy.  The rice with beans that I chose with this order was just as good.The beans infuses the incredibly  soft rice with it's flavor and gives it a slightly sweet taste.  Not that I know what crack is like mind you.  No.. really.  I just assumed that it's like eating this dish. Once I start, I can't stop. Help me... I think it's my new addiction.....  One of the best Jerk Chicken I've had in Pittsburgh.Curry Goat with a side of salad.  It's pretty tasty if you could get past the gamy taste of this particular type of meat.  The chunks of goat meat were tender if a bit chewy, and pieces of it came with the bones still attached.  The rice this time was infused with the non spicy green curry sauce that smothered the whole dish.  The side salad came in it's own small Styrofoam container.  I was expecting a typical bland salad but this pleasantly surprised me.  The salad was drenched in a light semi sweet dressing and consists of (from my memory) leafy greens, raisins, red peppers, yellow peppers, cucumbers, onions and probably one or two ingredients I don't recall.  I would happily order the larger version of this from the menu if I had to.I took everything to go.   Luckily, this place is located across the street from  In warmer weather, I suggest taking it to go and eating it nearby.I think I could understand why that other Jamaican Restaurant had to close down.  It's hard to imagine staying in business with a rival that makes food as fantastic as this place only a mere block away.  Especially  with that Crack Chic... I mean Jerk  Chicken.************************************************** **
4	I'm wavering between 3 and 4 stars.  It's a little beyond my student budget for a regular place to eat, and I don't know if the portions and overall food quality justify the prices on everything.  The menu looks like it has a lot of the traditional Caribbean dishes and is easy to navigate. The main courses we got were worth it though.  They were delicious and definitely left us full.  We had curry goat stew and jerk shrimp, each packing its own solid punch.  The goat was tender and not too gamey.  Some people might not like bones, but I think the meat and marrow off the bones are really the most flavorful parts.  The shrimp dish was well-balanced and was spiced enough to be tasty but not hot-spicy (for me at least).  I love shrimp and generally don't like it masked by sauce, but in this case all the ingredients stood out on their own.  The sauce is great -- I couldn't stop finding things to dip in it and absorb the tangy goodness of it all.  I found it funny they specifically mentioned eating it with a slice of mango, but really, it's an awesome combination.  Took me back to eating fruit with chili salt off street vendors in LA and SE Asia.The sides were okay and went well with the food, but they weren't anything spectacular.  Mashed potatoes work great for absorbing sauce, btw.  The mac and cheese was good in a way I could eat on a regular basis and not feel too rich, but nothing to brag about.I really like the atmosphere -- it's relaxed, friendly, with a diverse crowd of families, couples, and groups of friends.  Service is a little absent-minded, but the place is pretty homey so I didn't mind it much.  It's a place to sit around and chat all evening rather than run in and run out.  I'll have to try this place again with some other dishes.  For now, it's a thumbs up for me!
4	My mom and I went here together after work yesterday. It is a very small restaurant and fairly easy to miss, if you're not looking for it. The interior is also quite small, but has adequate tables in front of a small ordering counter. Although for dine in, the waitress will come to your table.I ordered the jerk chicken and my mom ordered the goat curry, which they were unfortunately out of. (I had been looking forward to trying that dish, too!) So instead she ordered the brown stewed chicken. For our sides we both selected the rice and beans (which they list as "rice and peas") and mixed vegetables. One small problem: the entrees are supposed to come with two side dishes included. However, apparently the second menu line of sides are upcharged $2.50. There really is no distinction between the lines, so we ended up paying an extra $5 for mixed vegetables (two orders). It's fairly misleading on the menu.The food however is DELICIOUS. And if I could break the ratings down, I would give them:Food: 5 starsService: 3 starsSpeed: 2 starsThere was only one lady working (plus the cooks in the back) so it was very slow just to get our order, bill, etc, but I felt bad for her as she really was doing a good job but just had her hands full. I'm wondering if it is usually only her or if they were just short staffed that night.Anyway, the food was remarkable!! My jerk chicken was spicy, but not excessively so. (But still very spicy! Beware!) Both chicken dishes were extremely tender and juicy, just the way I love meat. Both of the dishes tasted authentic, including the fairly runny juices surrounding them. (And my family used to live in the Caribbean, so they tasted like what we were expecting.) My mom's brown stewed chicken was not excessively salty, which she liked.The rice and beans were also excellently spiced but not greasy. The mixed vegetables (which included zucchini, cauliflower, onions and carrots) were good, but not that authentic and unfortunately they were out of the greens that night.I would certainly go back, and I am hoping to return soon in order to try the goat curry! I also want to try the Jamaican rum cake on their dessert menu. If you enjoy adventurous eating (especially in Pittsburgh!) I encourage you to check out Royal Caribbean. :)
5	I've never had caribbean food before. So for my first time, I wanted to try it all. I was actually part of a group that was invited to sample the food.  I had all kinds of good appetizers and entrees. I can't remember the name of all of it.The dishes I remember and liked are the jerk chicken, jerk shrimp, curry goat, curry shrimp, some small fish, Mac and cheese, and brown stewed chicken.The jerk shrimp had a nice punch of spiciness.  All the chicken and goat was very good.  The meat broke apart when I stuck my fork into it. You definitely can tell everything was well made.  I mention the Mac and cheese because the chef took the liberty to changing it up a bit.  He added some peppers to it. It came out real good. Out of all the dishes, I loved this small fish but I don't remember the name.  It was so flavorful and good. It was a whole fish, not a filet like most places.  The bone, head, tail was still on.  Many people were surprise to see it like that. But for me, that's how mom and a dad fry fish.  We talk to the the chef, Ben, quite a bit.  He made it clear that his food is real food.  When he buys ingredients, he buys the good stuff. He grows his own peppers, he buys fresh meat locally, and he takes time to create recipes you won't find anywhere else.I also noticed he was very vocal to his employees.  If something wasn't done right or if something was below average, he had no problem voicing his concern.  The food for the people already there before me definitely took a while to get there but I'm sure it was in great quality.  There was only one waitress and one manager there. They were super nice.The place is small and it definitely not fancy. But if  you want good caribbean food and a personal touch from the chef, give this  place a try.
3	If you like "Jerk" style food, they do this well here. If they have it in stock, they also offer exotic items like "Bammy," "Oxtail" and home-made ginger beer. Of course, they didn't have these available when we were there. Sadly, the ginger beer was substituted with "Champagne Kola" which has so much sugar in it (43 g per bottle) that it is more like syrup than a drinkable beverage. I am pretty sure all the regulars here have developed or are about to develop type II diabetes. We saw several tables down these sodas as if they were water. But back to the food. The plantain appetizer was tasty. My jerk chicken was quite good with just the right amount of kick to it. My dining companions selected the jerk shrimp which they also enjoyed. The service was a bit confusing with various people coming to our table at various times and some confusion regarding our side dishes. The side dishes were not particularly memorable to either me or to my boyfriend. Overall, it was a fine experience but not one I would go out of my way to repeat.
3	I've been here several times.  Here's a review of my most recent experience last night.We got there on a Friday night around 7:30.  We were going to try Spoon but we didn't make a reservation and we would have had to wait until 9.  It wasn't too crowded and there were several open tables.  My experience with this place is the service is very spotty.  Servers have always been friendly, but even when there is noone there you have to flag them down.  We had to wait to get water, then waited again to order.  We had to flag the waitress down to get the check.  I would only go here if you want a leisurely meal.They were out of fresh ginger beer (which they have been the other two times I've been).  Instead I got a grapefruit soda which was good.  The dumplings they gave us were good, as were the fried ripe plantains.  I got the tofu with brown gravy with mashed potatoes and cabbage.  The vegetables were fresh and tasty, but the tofu tasted a little off, and the sauce was good but nothing truly special.   I wish it was spicier and more flavorful.  The cabbage was just alright, and the mashed potatoes were okay.  The food is reasonably priced.  My friend treated me so I don't know the entire check, but I think with a drink, appetizer, and tip it was probably around $20.I'll go back if I'm in that area and I don't feel like waiting for some of the other places.
