5	This small store boasts a huge selection of indie and artsy books to browse through. With Edinburgh having such a large art school community it comes to no surprise that this talent spills out into indie bookshops and one-off print pamphlets, books etc. Apart from individual pieces it also stocks quality printed photography books and postcards (which you will not find in Blackwells or Waterstones). My boyfriend is a graphic designer/photographer and at times I can loose him in here for hours. Great place to browse and pick up something for yourself or as an artsy gift.
5	I'm no designer, but this shop is so exciting and inspiring!Analogue hosts a wealth of books containing graphic design, illustration, photography and general contemporary art. It welcomes the urban, sketchy approach adopted by many artists of late and has a minimalist approach to interior design, so the books stand out even more.Some of the photography in these books are so simply stark and beautiful. There seem to be a large number of imports in here and I enjoyed browsing the Scandinavian art collections. They were in a league of their own. They have a fair few anthologies on the history of illustration and graphic design. Useful for people wanting to swot up on their poster art knowledge but interesting for people who want to find out more recreationally, too. None of the books in here are too high brow or aimed solely at arts students - most people even vaguely enthused by art would become engrossed in Analogue.I can imagine this place being amazing for arts students and am not surprised Anna's boyfriend got lost in here. Mine would too, and so did I. With local fanzines and international imports alike, Analogue caters for an alternative market with something a little bit different for anyone who winds up in here.
4	Damn, sod and blast! I can't remember the name of the book I found in here. It had a layout more akin to a magazine and consisted of spoofs of modern advertisements, cynically commenting on all the existing hyperbole and huge budget commercials. A humorous novelty.Anyway, Analogue seems to thrive on serving a range of unusual and rare books from photography journals, to a collection of prints etc. Be prepared to fork out the cash for these unique items though. Good things don't come cheap.Plus, the interior looks like a trendy art studio with a white backdrop and minimalist decor.
5	Analogue is Edinburgh's answer to Magma.A gorgeous store that specialises in graphic design and urban art, they stock limited edition prints, gifts, zines, journals and magazines. Everything is artfully displayed on nice shelves or tables and there's a fabulous wooden planning chest which has been converted into a tee-shirt drawer selling designer tee-shirts with cool logos, animated characters and expressions.There's also literally hundreds of books on everything from design and typography to individual artists and scenes. If I didn't already have one I'd have been seriously tempted by the mammoth Chipp Kidd book showing off his collections of paintings and book sleeves. As it is, I settled for some beautiful badges and postcards.
5	A random and interesting bookstore. I am not in the design space but found some interesting books, including one which only had 1000 prints.
4	For all your design, creative, inspirational, quirky, curious, and gardening (yep) needs, Analogue bookstore is wonderful.It is fairly small inside, but there also aren't a lot of each book, so you could easily spend a good half hour in here browsing and going "ooo I've always wanted to know about the aesthetics of gardening!" (See I told you).I had a fleeting visit, but I will be back again to properly immerse myself in the many books they offer. If you need a specialist book, or just want inspiration, or a fun present for a creative-type friend, check this place out.
5	I use this shop to get my favourite magazines/journals I know I can get them on subscription straight to my doormat but I just like the shopping experience here, it is laid back and cool but quite effortlessly so. The (rather cute) lady owner is good chat too which always helps!If I was in a position to build my own library I would start here, I love books on the art of design, engineering, architecture and manufacuring but then they have fun stuff too like cool t-shirt transfers.
