5	Well... I was sad when Carmon's Creperie closed...but WOW - Champaign's culinary mastermind Thad Morrow (of Bacaro fame) has done it again.First piece of advice - RESERVE your table (They are on Open Table)...The new decor is sexy and sophisticated with nods to the really tasteful parts of the old decor.The food is EXCEPTIONAL - we had oysters on the halfshell, with shaved horseradish and (a crazy -cool-molecular-gastronomy) caviar, the Cod and the whole Trout. All were unbelievable and incredible value.I will be back... many...many times.
3	It was meh, the food was too salty and frankly the quality was just not worth the price. BYOB is a nice feature which earned them 3 stars instead of 2, but I am guessing they are just waiting to get their liquor license until they start charging exorbitant amounts of money for drinks.The price is a sticking point with me because this summer when they were transforming the creperie to this new place, I kept hearing how they were going to serve "real" french food with local ingredients for a more reasonable cost compared to the creperie. This has really not panned out, I loved the creperie and I thought the food and service matched the prices they charged. This place not only has meh food, but the service was also not as good (first evening chaos maybe).I will give them a second chance, but it will be with reservation and they will have to excel to make me change my opinion.
3	Dined at Carmon's Bistro on their opening night.  The ambiance was quite nice - dark, sophisticated but earthy.  Everyone in our party agreed that the food was too salty.  Service was ok - nothing to write home about, a few silly mistakes, I am willing to chalk it up to first night hiccups.  The prices were a bit high for what we received - especially considering that the restaurant was initially sold as a less expensive than its predecessor.
5	Second visit=twice happy. The reviews which state that Carmon's Bistro was to be cheaper than its predecessor are incorrect. When the previews mentioned cheaper I always interpreted that as meaning 'cheaper than Bacaro' not the previous restaurant, but they wanted to improve value for money and leave people feeling full. Two times now I have left with change in my pocket and tummy stuffed. 'Nuf said.
3	Ate here on opening night. Had the steak frites and oysters for an appetizer. Food turned out OK. Service was fair. Nothing to write home about. It was kinda dark and had a romantic feel to it. A great place to take a date. Hopefully they will improve as time goes on. Based on opening night, service was fair, food was good. I will give it a second chance at some point, but it didn't have the wow factor that I was looking for.
5	Outstanding! My wife and I ate dinner at Carmon's Bistro a week ago. We arrived early in the evening and were surprised to find all the tables taken. We were told a table wouldn't be available until 9:00 PM and we're invited to sit at the bar that was also nearly filled as well. We took the last two available seats at the bar, were greeted promptly and asked if we would like to order a drink. I ordered an ale and my wife ordered the drink special which was a combination of bourbon and apple juice and and turned out to be pretty tasty. My wife ordered the steak frites with fries for her entree and I choose the pork loin. While we waited on our entrees our waitress brought us sliced baguettes and butter. The butter was sprinkled with flakes of salt which gave the butter an interesting crunchy texture when it was spread on a baguette. Our entrees arrived in a reasonable amount of time. The presentation was appealing. My pork loin was delicious. The portion was generous. My wife's steak frites was cooked slightly less than medium rare. It was seared and had a nice crust. It came with caramelized onions and bleu cheese. It too was delicious and the portion was generous. There was also a large pile of fries next to her steak. The fries were drizzled with truffle oil which was a surprise and tasted wonderful. Our meal was delicious and delightful. We both had an enjoyable meal and look forward to returning soon. Highly Recommended.
4	I guess I'll split stick right here in the middle.Well, I ordered the cassoulet. I was actually really quite excited about it since it's something I'd imagine seeing on Iron Chef or something and since it not only contained lamb, but also sausage, bacon and duck confit, how could I resist? In short, it was delicious - wonderfully salty and the burned brown stuff at the bottom may have been the best part. I only wish I had a bit more, especially for $20. It felt more like an appetizer to me, which is my only real complaint. My colleague also felt that his entree was a bit lacking in portion size.My two other colleagues mentioned that their dishes were somewhat too salty, though I disagreed with them as I like well-seasoned food. Either way, a great date night place and I'm sure I'll be back.
3	My sister and I would often have our girls night out at the original Carmon's and we were really glad to see the place re-opened as a French Bistro so we stopped for brunch one weekend morning.The new branding (chicken) is cute, but everywhere and a tad overdone. (Put the money into the food instead of the printed paper hand towels in the bathrooms!) There's also too much furniture shoved in and everything is too matchy-matchy. I did like the butcher block tabletops with the chicken logo branded in though - now that was cute.The food was okay but portions were tiny and expensive. (I had the biscuits and gravy - that equated to a single split biscuit and maybe an ounce and a half of very tasty sausage gravy. For $9.50) There were several filled tables, but also more empty ones. And we were still seated at a two top right next to the wait station - so the servers just kept sliding between us and the big chopping block that just seemed out of place. (Could you take your butt out of my biscuit please? Thanks! really.)Also, the service wasn't great like the old Carmen's. Even though the place was clearly overstaffed, once our plates were dropped, we were never offered a refill on our coffees and that would have been nice.So, the old Carmon's got a 4.5 stars from me, and the new one rates 3 stars. It's a pity because I won't be as anxious to go back.
1	Prior to coming, a few people told me it was a great place for French/American. I came in with high expectations and left with utter disappointment. The appetizer chicken sausage was extremely bland with the texture of wet powder. The oysters were ok. I asked for the steak frites (cooked medium) and the meat was barely cooked the first time it came out. I sent it back and it came back cooked medium, but the meat was extremely chewy. It was reminiscent of beef taffy. The duck also came out raw. Not sure if it was just a bad night in the kitchen or if it's like this every night, but I'm pretty sure I could have had a better meal at TGIF.
2	I was excited to find that Carmon's was moving into French Cuisine.  Not long after opening, a friend and I tried the restaurant to mixed reviews.First, the cocktails we tried were amazing.  Delicious, well prepared, and prompt.  The fried chick peas were delightful, and the appetizers (the sausage and the Frisee Salad) were perfect.We both tried the Cassoulet and, sadly, it was anything but Cassoulet.French Cassoulet is a bean stew which generally contains beans in a tomato sauce, pork, duck and sausage.  However, the Cassoulet at this restaurant had a tablespoon, at most, of bean mixture, and mostly meat.  While the meat had a nice taste, it was rather greasy, and the dish left me wanting something other than greasy meat product.  For about $20.00 per person, I think it was a waste of money for this dish.  Overall, the service was great, the food was going in the right direction, but the lack of understanding for traditional French dishes was a little concerning.
2	Ehhhh the food was expensive and not very good. I hoped for better and have had better.
5	I absolutely love this place. The service is professional, attentive, and friendly. The food is always prepared exceptionally. The drinks are strong but not overpowering the taste of the flavors. If you go, PLEASE GET THE MUSSELS-- I'm from Seattle and these are some of the best I have had (as well as the oysters). Can be a little spendy-- but hey you have to pay some money sometimes for good food. Simply I do not know why this place is getting some bad reviews. You HAVE to go .
1	We used to go to the old carmons a lot a while ago.  Having not been there, we were eager to use it for our date night.  We were not impressed.  They had french onion soup that we had gotten at old place.  We got it and it was bland and flavor less compare to old carmons,  so we thought eh we give them 3 out of 5.  But then our steak and fries came.  Lets just say my gf had one fry and noted it tasted burnt and cooked in old oil.  She couldn't touch the steak, that was a journey I was Willing take.  I have strong muscles in my jaw from grinding my teeth at night and i could not chew this thing.  I spent 20 min and maybe consumed half of it.  The rest was chewed up gristle that I would feel bad fixing for miy dog.  My jaw is sore as I write this and if our movie goes as bad as our experience at this rebuilt carmons, we might just have to break up.  Thanks carmons for a bad start to date night.  Oh on side note service was half -@ss for a place with frigging 5 tables. And we aren't even snobby, we wear jeans 2 or 3 times before washing and I drive a 97 celica with 160k on it and rust.
3	Just ok. I'm afraid so but that's where I have to leave things with Carmon's. I ate here on Valentine's Day with my girlfriend and it was just ok. We were both excited to come here having had a delcious Valentine's Day last year at Bacaro. Hearing that Carmon's was now under their management, we were excited! Overall, I felt like our expectations were only met part-way. I went for the cassoulet. It's a small portion but it's a stew of sausage and beans and duck confit and more richness so you will still get full, don't worry. I generally enjoyed the Cassoulet. My only complaint was that the wine wasn't cooked out all the way; the cassoulet really tasted of alcohol. It could also have just been a cheap wine that it was cooked with.My girlfriend got the Steak Frites and was served a massive portion of delicious fries and not-so delicious steak. The service on a butcher block was cool but the hanger steak she got was served practically blue despite her saying medium-rare. Additionally the meat was exceptionally tough. Also, while I love meat that gets a great char and crust, her steak was super charred on the outside despite how raw it was on the inside. She probably ate two bites and just wound up finishing the fries.Overall, Carmon's was a charming and inviting space for Valentine's with professional and friendly staff. Unfortunately, the quality of our meal was just ok.
5	I really enjoyed Carmon's.  The menu was small and sort of simple but the food speaks for itself.  I got the ham and cheese, and was initially worried I was going to get a basic sandwich, some fries, and pay $12.  Out came off the bone sliced ham, gruyere cheese, between two thick slices of bread.  The fries were truffle fries and the waitress was right that we did not need any ketchup.  My friend got a hanger steak and it was better than most restaurants filet's.  Really enjoyed the visit and will be back.
4	We really enjoyed our dinner at Carmon's. Started off with cocktails at the bar - seriously the best old fashioned I or my husband had ever had.We ordered the mussels to start, which were fantastic! Perfectly cooked, tender, and meaty, and the broth was delicious. We were surprised at the amount for the price as well. My husband got the Blanquette de Veau (it was the last day they were serving it), and I had the Steak Frites. The Blanquette de Veau was ridiculously delicious. Steak was good - I ordered medium rare but might go for rare next time. Re: other reviewers comments that the steak is tough: it's a hanger steak, so it's not going to be as tender as a filet; if you're expecting that, you will probably be disappointed.  The onions and blue cheese were on point, and the steak had a nice char. The frites were tasty, but not as mustard-truffle-y as I was hoping for. Both meals were larger portions than we were expecting. We ended the evening with a profiterole. The pastry itself was a little dry, and the ice cream was nothing to write home about - but the chocolate sauce . . . .yum!The service was prompt, friendly, and very knowledgeable about the wines and food. It wasn't cheap - but we had a cocktail and 2 glasses of wine each, plus appetizer and dessert. I felt like the price was just right for what we got. We've certainly spent as much or more other places and been left disappointed. We're looking forward to coming back soon!
5	Carmon's Bistro is a rare find in downtown Champaign! Almost everything on the menu is unique and delicious along with a bazillion wine choices! I keep going back just to try new things-SO NICE to have an option that isn't your usual chain frozen food. Local and fresh too so you can feel good about what you're eating! When you go if they happen to have chocolate pudding (while this sounds silly) ORDER IT! It taste like nothing you have ever had and it's amazing!And don't forget to check out their pop up dinner's on Monday nights...Different theme each week!
4	Dinner 8-4-12Visiting a friend in Champaign for the weekend--this was an above average experience. (probably closer to a 4.5 than a 4)To start we had an order of Truffle fries-very good.I had Shrimp and Grits--it was fantastic!  Definitely 5 star--wouldn't change any part of it--though the portion was a bit huge.  My friend had the vegan dish on the menu and also really liked hers.I am deducting one start for the desserts.  My friend had a fruit pie that was just a bit strange and it was too tart.  I believe that rhubarb wasn't countered by a sweet enough berry.  And it was a tad dry.I had butterscotch pudding.  The pudding was good but it was topped with a ton of whipped cream.  The cream was clearly homemade so big thumbs up for quality but it tasted of bourbon.  I understand why, I am just not a fan of bourbon really.  My espresso martini that I paired with it was FANTASTIC though.  Service was great--good recommendations on wine and very friendly.  We didn't feel like we "waited" for anything.  I like the atmosphere of the place.   They put a real effort into their dishes and everything has a homey feel to it.  Would definitely visit this restaurant again.
4	CLOSEDLast service was 8/28.Pity - they had a limited, but well executed menu. I guess Chambana just has a hard time sustaining good restaurants.
