5	What could possibly be better than a brand new Target Store? A brand new Target Store with fresh food! This is the nicest Target I've been to in recent memory. It is well lit with wide isles and all the other typical things you would expect from Target, plus is has a large grocery store sized section with fresh produce, meat, and bakery items, but is not a full SuperTarget. (Currently there is not a SuperTarget in Nevada) The selection is right and the food prices are very competitive. The store is really easy to get to, right off the 215, and has a large unshared parking lot in a brand new shopping center still under construction. The store is one of the first 25 in the country with the new expanded food format, also known as Prototype-Fresh P2009. If you live nearby or are in the area, make sure to stop by and compare prices on food, it is really worth it. On top of being able to get just about any grocery item possible, the store has a new Pharmacy, Photo, Starbucks and Target Cafe with Pizza Hut Express. The store is really worth the drive, I will be going back tomorrow for my groceries! Really the only thing better than this awesome new store would be a full SuperTarget, but this will do for now. I'm in love!
4	This is a brand new Target in a new suburban area of North Las Vegas. They started building this just as the  recession started.  The immediate area has miles of beautiful and unoccupied homes.  As majestic as this store is, it's less occupied than most Targets.  In my three previous trips to this store, they hadn't skimped on cashiers or service.  The store is very clean, very neat, and well stocked-though this isn't a good descriptor during the holidays. Prior to Black Friday, they just were not very busy. I was concerned that their low sales volumes might result in a closure.  But thankfully, so far, so good.During Black Friday 2009, it was great  that it was super busy for the first time since it opened. Parking is usually easy, but 2/3 of the close to the entry spots were taken around noon.  The employees do a great job of keeping the carts in front, and you can usually find an employee if you have a question. On this visit, I was just looking around to see the Black Friday specials, i.e. the large screen TV's. There were the usual picked over, messy displays by customers. There were some crowds as expected but they were civil. No trampling allowed. Snack bars and bathrooms are super clean. Though I came away empty handed, it was nice they were ready for the holiday rush. But the previous time I wast there during Labor Day, one of my relatives wanted to buy the display model of a BBQ.  The employee working that area said he didn't think they could sell it, but he called the store manager, anyway.  The manager couldn't leave his post, so the employee walked us over to him, and explained our request.  The manager said the corporate policy is no sales of display items.  But the teen employee called the next closest store and found out they had them.  I had to look around and make sure I wasn't at Nordstrom. Wow, well spoken, service minded teen employees do exist! Checkout was 4 minutes tops. Overall a decent shopping trip.
1	Worst Target I've ever been to. Horrible layout.
4	Nice and clean. You can always find something at Target. The staff is very helfpul and friendly. I think during my trip I had three associates ask me if I needed any help. The cafe up front has a PizzaHut express as well as pretzels and Icees.
4	This is one of my favorite Targets in Las Vegas! It's always clean and neat. I love that it has a Starbucks, Pizza Hut Express, and a Chase ATM. And its really nice that I can do pretty much all my shopping in there, from groceries to electronics! I wish they were open a little later and that they would open more lanes when needed, that's what they're there for :)
5	I really like this location because it's hardly ever busy- this also means it's not hard to find a parking space. If we're in the area, like at the Meadows Mall, we'll usually stop here too. The grocery section is really good- especially since there is a frozen food and refrigerated section now (most of them are remodeled). When one Target store, didn't have what we wanted, we came here (tv). The electronics department is fairly close to the grocery aisles.
5	Great Target!  Always clean, got a starbucks in there.  Never too busy.  Always enough cashiers working to meet the demand of people in line.  My go-to Target, for sure.
1	Bought a netbook brand new for a mothers day gift... Mother opened it and set it up herself and turned out to be used and password protected by someone already. And made my return difficult. Bunch of bs! Although the electronic cashier was pretty nice.
4	Ok, I've been having some intense debates as to which is a better department store to shop at between Walmart and Target. After visiting this location, Target is the best department store hands down. This location was clean and peaceful, employees were quick to offer assistance, the entire store was very organized and fully stocked, and price wise they were a bit cheaper.I've also learned that you can write off everything you purchase from Target on your tax return as a charity donation because Target donates 20% of its proceeds to U.S. troops. That's amazing! Just know that everything you purchase isn't just benefiting you but its also benefiting our soldiers over seas fighting for our freedom.I am a big fan of Target after this experience.
4	Big and clean. I was excited to hear there were groceries in this one, but it's limited to a aisle of fresh produce and meat and aisles of frozen crap. Which means basically that I can't buy most of what the grocery offers. However, for all the usual stuff I would go to Target for, this one is really nice. The selection of clothes is good and there seems to be home goods stuff I don't see at smaller Targets. Also can't beat that it is also close to a large shopping center full of stuff including a Super WalMart and Costco so it makes for convenient shopping for those doing errands.
4	One of many Targets in the area.  Large new and clean.  The layout is a little different that I am use to but over all easy to navigate.  The groceries in this Target seem to have a larger selection than others, including some fresh fruits and vegetables.A few employees who I imagine were off duty or on break walk by us in a awkward way causing us to move out of their way.  I made a comment that the employees are not as friendly as we are use to in our normal Target.  But the checkout lady was helpful and loaded our bags in our basket for us, as well as the Starbucks employee was very friendly.Conveniently located near Costco and the new WinCo.
5	When you drive for 7/8 hours it is great to use a gift card at a place that accepts a military ID when you use your debt card. I am glad that Target will accept a military ID card as a vaild ID. Unlike wal-mart that is putting the hand to the face. Only issue I got with Target is them kicking the Salvation army guy to the curb. How does a bell ringer hurt your business honestly?
5	LOVE Target!  my kids are true Target kids.  I shop everything in Target.  Household stuffs, kids clothes, food, plants, electronics, ....etc.  you name it.  I miss the convenience of a close by Target when I first moved here.  The closet Target was 20 minutes away before this one opened.  The previous house I lived has a Target only 5  minutes away.  Now this Target is so close and only 5 minutes away!   I can even walk here if I want.  There is a trail behind my neighborhood that will lead straight to this shopping center.  It's nice that if I want to have my excise done that way.  And of course, a Starbucks store is a plus for a coffee lover.
4	I like this Target better than the one in Summerlin. It's worth the extra drive to come here. This place is larger and cleaner and has a way better selection. I have a really elderly neighbor who needs me to pick up his medication at the Pharmacy here, so I'm practically at this store every day.  I also don't mind the fact that there is so many hot chicks always loitering here because Centennial is such a boring neighborhood and there is nothing to do. It also doesn't hurt that the redhead security guard here looks like a pop-star. Seriously, is she really a security guard or a character actress trying to research a role?  Also, the best thing about Target is that it doesn't attract that lowbrow crowd the the Walmart across the freeway attracts.
4	This is one of the Targets I can keep on going to over and over again. Usually I would be greeted by a security, which is unusual but welcoming. Kind of weird to be seeing them take the carts in. The bathroom is always clean. Employees are always asking if you need help.  I would rate it five stars but their check out lanes really blows.
4	Fairly New Target, very clean, nice pushing carts and baskets. The prices here is fairly nice and a bit cheaper then the other targets in town. The layout is a bit different but nice. You still can stack coupons target and mfr here. Always a great thing. Worker are very friendly.
3	A-OK.This is about as average as a Target can it.  Yet that average is why I choose Target over Walmart whenever possible.  What this means is a well laid-out store with a decent selection and kept quite clean.
4	nice and clean. Lines can move slow at rush times. i like this store and a plus its close to home.
5	I have been here a few times since my move to Las Vegas in June 2012. I think the store is clean and well staffed. The few interactions I've had with an employee have been very satisfactory. They are very helpful. I love that I can find everything that I used to have at the Target back in California. A couple of minor complaints: they tend to be out of stock of size 8 women's sandals and secondly I'm not much into these new crop tops so there really isn't a great selection of tops for me here. Otherwise, parking is plentiful, the staff is courteous & the store is neat and clean.
3	I've been to 3 Targets in Vegas and in order of preference: 1) Rainbow Blvd, 5-stars: easy parking, store's never crowded, Greenland Market is across the street (so I sometimes just walk to/from Greenland to buy what I need)2) Charleston Blvd, 4-stars: conveniently on the way to Summerlin Costco but this Target and its parking lot can get crowded since it's in a strip mall3) Decatur Blvd, 3-stars: I don't care for the clientele.  The store itself is ok.
4	Your standard Target, not much to say here.  A tad larger than most, it even has a small produce and refrigerated section (although I think most people avoid it and that's probably a good idea).  Like everyone else has said, it's bright and clean and new.Their pharmacy seems a little busy, but I never have to wait long for refills.  Also has a Starbucks.In the same parking lot as Win Co grocery store, and across the 215 from other "big box" stores.
4	I like this Target. It is conviently located a block away from my house, has a Starbucks inside, is always clean, and has a friendly staff.  Not perfect, but good for Target.
4	If there's something that I cannot find at any other supercenter, Target usually has it. This store is nice because it's clean, and still yet goes a bit unnoticed by people. It has a Starbucks and a food center, like all usually do. Their clothes section is also pretty great too, although a bit pricey. People are right when they say come to Target for more quality!
3	Clean store. Nothing special.
4	One of the better Targets out there.  Clean and friendly.   We do all our grocery shopping here.
4	Maybe it's the Starbucks inside the front door that drew me to this Target, but the convenient location and customer service keeps me coming back. I have purchased a few electronics at this location as well as discs for the computer. There has never been a long wait to check out and the employees have always been helpful in answering questions and offering assistance. I have been using the pharmacy at Target since moving to the Vegas area and have been using this location in particular since it opened it's doors a few years back. The pharmacy staff at this location is fantastic. They have all been very friendly and helpful. If it's something I need "now", they have been very accomodating and gotten it done quickly.I have even purchased a few grocery items at this location, however, it did take me a while to get used to a full grocery section inside of a Target store. I wouldn't do my regular grocery shopping here, as you can save money elsewhere, but the convenience is great, especially if you are there for other things and have to pick up a few grocery items.I have been to numerous Target stores and this is the cleanest and friendliest of the bunch.
3	Conveniently located off the 215 & Decatur. One of the things I like about this Target is Starbucks located inside. Order a drink and they give you a cup holder to enjoy your drink as you shop. Usually clean but the dressing rooms could use some help. There's always a heap of clothes on the counter and an overbearing "Fitting room attendant" I don't even have to describe her, you'll know her when you see her. Anywho, aisles are clean and well stocked. More cashiers would be helpful. Far too often, I'm waiting in line for 10 minutes or more. :( There's normally only 2 cashiers open at a time.
3	This specific location is really frustrating to shop in. Cartwheel wont work because free wifi doesnt work. The cashiers and customer service lead doesnt know what Cartwheel is. Smh. But I love Target as a whole, so I still shop here.
5	Love this store! Everyone is always very helpful and they go out if their way to assist. Brian S. is awesome :) he's helped me with a with a return or exchange more than once and he takes the hassle out of the process and is always so friendly :)
4	Oh my Atlanta I love Target! I'm the biggest Target whore if there ever was one. I would like to argue that this Target in particular is the nicest Target in all the fair lands (or at least Las Vegas). It's in a great location - Winco, Teriyaki Madness, Firhouse Subs, and El Pollo Loco are all in the same parking lot. And, drum roll please....this location is now officially selling alcohol! WOOHOO! Target is awesome because they're just so damn coupon friendly. They have Target Coupons, mobile coupons, and now an app called Cartwheel that can all be combined on top of their gift card deals, sales, and manufacturer coupons. To answer your question, yes I'm a couponer! And by the way, Target now price matches competitors. The only downfall at this location is that there are always long lines with only 2 cashier's trying to ring everyone up. There response time for back up could use some improvement. Final verdict: Target is awesome. Go shop there for everything.
