3	Do not let the outer appearance deceive you.The interior of this whole office along with the size is very house warming. I really enjoyed the color scheme they were going for which is brown and a soft, sky blue. There are so many rooms and I definitely did not think this office was going to be huge. The staff is thoroughly enjoyable and friendly. Now you maybe thinking -- Shar, it seems like you really liked this office so why did you rate it a 3? I guess you can say it's mainly towards the provider I saw who was Olga, the PA. I really like connecting with my providers and enjoy a little table talk, but I did not get that from her. Call me picky, but if you're going to be looking all up in my hoo-ha I would like some conversation, please. She was very quick and to the point. I mean, there's nothing negative to say about her which is why I rated this place a strong 3 stars. I switched from my previous gynecologist since he was a man and I wanted a woman, but now I'm debating if I should switch back. I just enjoy conversation.. It eases the idea that someone is going to be looking in between my legs - that's all.
1	This is a very short version of my son & my story.Let me start off by saying I was 36 weeks pregnant.May 13th 10am: My husband and I had an appointment to get an ultra sound just to see how big our son was. After the ultra sound we were scheduled at 11am to meet with Dr. Pack for my weekly check and so we could get the results of the ultra sound. When we arrived at the office at 9:45am we were greeted by Dr.Pack's nurse, she stated that because Dr. Pack had no patients at the moment they were going to bring me back before my ultra sound so they could get me in. I said that was fine but the whole point of having the appointment schedule for after the ultra sound was to be able to go over the ultra sound results. She said she couldn't guarantee that he would be able to see me after the ultra sound even though my appointment was schedule for after the ultra sound. While she was taking my vitals she had asked if I was experiencing anything new I wanted to discuss with the doctor. I had stated that the last couple of days I had noticed that I wasn't feeling my son Lennon move around as much. She responded with ok and continued typing in her laptop. Once we were moved into a room Dr. Pack came in within minutes. As soon as he came in he asked how I was doing? I stated the same thing to him that I had been noticing that Lennon wasn't moving as much as normal. (Lennon had been a huge mover through out my pregnancy up until then) Dr. Pack proceeded to listen to his heartbeat for a quick 10 seconds and said he sounds good. Then said, "Well that's normal, he's probably just moving into your birth canal." And that was that, didn't ask any further questions about our concern. After the first meeting with him we were greeted by the ultra sound technician. While walking us back to her room she asked how we were doing and how the baby was? I had stated that I was doing pretty good that I was tired from having such a busy weekend and I shared with her the same concern that I hadn't been feeling Lennon move around as much. Her reply to this was that "He's probably just tired from your busy weekend." During the ultra sound I asked if Lennon and everything looked ok? She said yes everything looked good and said my placenta-looked good. After the ultra sound she said let me get you put in a room so you can meet with Dr. Pack again. While walking to a room Dr. Pack saw us in the hallway and stopped to look at the ultra sound report in the hallway. He glanced at it and said "everything looks normal we will see you next week for your next appointment." My husband and I thought all right well everything must be all right then, they would know they are the professionals. Later that day I was in full blown labor. Went to St Rose San Martin and had to have an emergency c section due to my son not being responsive. Our son had lost a lot of blood and was severely anemic. He had to have 3 blood transfusions. Stayed in the NICU for two weeks. Turned out my son had been losing blood inside of me and I was stealing his blood. I had a hole in my umbilical cord, my placenta was huge and I had a lot of extra fluid. Not only was I lucky to be alive but my son as well. We had found out that Lennon had been bleeding out inside of me. I was basically stealing his blood that he was losing. After doing pathology on my stuff turns out I had a hole in my umbilical cord, my placenta was huge and I had a lot of fluid. So we were beyond lucky that Lennon is in our lives, because of how much blood he had lost he could've died. We were told that Lennon had possibly been losing blood for at least a week with how anemic he was. My husband and I were very upset with Dr. Pack's decision to not do a stress test in office or to send us to the hospital just to yield on the side of caution. I could've not only lost my life BUT also my sons life. The horrible thing is I had never been pregnant so I was unsure what was right or wrong feeling. Now my biggest tip is if you ever question anything during your pregnancy GO TO THE HOSPITAL. I would never recommend Dr. Pack as a doctor. He made a horrible decision that day. A decision not to be cautious and take what we were telling him seriously. Today I am happy to say our son is wonderful. He's a month old, has no issues from how he came into the world and is just the biggest blessing ever. I hope this review helps whom ever reads our story.
1	I have been going there for a few years and I have no idea why I never changed doctors before now! The wait to get an appointment there is always 2+ months which I find to be terrible. Maybe they need to stop seeing so many patients and focus on giving the ones the do have a great service. Everytime I have gone, I've waited in the lobby for over 45 minutes. One time I even laid there naked waiting for the doctor in the exam room for close to an hour! Horrible customer service and wait times!!!
