5	Very modern and spacious - quiet to boot!  Great place to hang out whilst awaiting your flight.  Even if you're not a member, the $50 charge for the day pass is worth every penny!
3	Hey, it's a US Airways Club.  By far beats sitting out in the terminal.  :)
3	There are two US Airways Clubs in the Charlotte airport. This is the much smaller one that is located halfway down the B concourse.Even though it's smaller than its sister over between C and D, it has all the same functionality and features. Club angels who can help you with your travel issues, coffee and a bar with some free drinks (It's US Air so expect to pay $5 for a "premium" beer aka Yuengling) and free snacks. I don't know why people eat the snack mix that sits in that  huge bowl - the number of kids I've seen stick their hands in there are disgusting! But the cheese and cookies and crackers are great.Free wifi (faster than the free wifi that the airport offers) and plenty of power outlets.If you have a long layover here in Charlotte, even if you aren't a US Air elite flyer with club membership, you can buy a day pass. it's well worth it to get out of the noise and hassle of the terminal and enjoy a little quiet.
4	I think there are actually two US Airways Clubs in the Charlotte Airport, or I missed something.  I bought a day pass since I was going to have a 3 hour layover.  They had some simple breakfast out for general consumption - donuts and coffee, with more complicated food at a food counter.  The best part of the lounge is the ability to kind of hide away and get some work done, although I always use my broadband so I don't know how the WiFi is.My only complaint is that the line to just get in can take up to 15 minutes to get through.  Seems like you should be able to scan your pass and go in.
2	I had always wondered what it was like behind the doors of the USAirways Club...those heavy wooden doors held an element of mystery...what went on in there anyway?   Unfortunately the big reveal was like the Wizard of Oz.  A lot of bark and no bite.  The "club" is nothing more than a slightly more quiet and relaxed place to charge your phone, read the paper, and wait for your flight.  Yes the chairs are comfy, and the lighting is nice, but there is nothing particularly special about this place.  For several hundred dollars a year,  I should think members could expect a bit nicer spread than instant oatmeal packets, horribly stale Lender's bagels, and yogurt...would some juice be too much to ask?  Oh wait, they have juice, but you have to go to the bar to get it...weird.  Good grief, and they market this joint like it is an oasis of refinement.   Please, so not impressed, wouldn't pay for an annual membership or even a day pass.  Unless quiet alone is worth the steep entry fee to you, I wouldn't bother.   They do serve free bud draft in the bar...yeungling is $5 premium...say what?? Of course we HAD to get two free beers at 10am, but choked them down...Bud, yuck...anyway, suffice it to say, unless you are willing to part with a few hundred a year for a comfy chair and some free shitty beer, keep right on going on that people mover...
3	Sometimes this is a nice place to sit and relax and other times it is just a tad bit too loud and it doesn't really offer you what you'd expect. The consistency is lacking both inside in the lounge area as well as the people at the receiving area. However, no matter how bad the consistency is and how loud it gets - it's still A LOT better then being in any of those damn terminals.
5	Very large club; pleasant staff; buffet-style appetizer/snack and beverages (of all sorts). Plenty of work/surf/play areas with nice chairs (and electrical outlets).
3	This is a pretty decent club - not as good as some of the others, but the employees are nice and there is plenty of space to unwind.
1	Us airways is horrible.  Their stewardesses are more concerned with their cell phones than anything else. As the plane was landing people were. Standing in the aisles.  I had a connecting flight but they would not call the gate or do anything to help.  Ran all the way to the gate only to have the person at the desk say too late. Too bad.  I will not fly us air again.
1	Dear US Air, I understand there is no outside food allowed in your club, but you don't need to be a$$ holes about it when I left to get pizza for one of our children and came back in to gather them to eat it out side of your entrance.  To the attendant behind the counter that held up a sign "No outside food allowed", not two seconds after I walk in, F-You.
2	US Airways is an airline I am not that huge of a fan of anyway, but it was nice to be able to utilize the club at the Charlotte airport. The staff is super friendly, which is about all there was that was great about it. It was an early morning visit so I didn't partake in the bar bevs, but I did have coffee which was ok. There were some apples and bagels available and comfy chairs all around. I ventured to the back cubicle area where I could get some work done on my layover. The area was ok, I had to wipe my desk clean before using it. I was mildly electrocuted while plugging in my laptop. Not kidding!!! I spent the rest of the time freaked out about the outlet and whether or not I would experience after-effects of the electricity.I would have probably been better off hanging in the normal gate area, although, if it had been during a remotely acceptable drinking hour, my visit to the Club would have been more enjoyable.
5	1st class upgrade!  Yeah, baby!
4	I give this first-class lounge three stars the food that they had available was very mediocre. The snacks well everything was in packages nothing was fresh the seating arrangement was very close and uncomfortable.  I've been to much better first class lounges, This is my first time flying first class with US airways so this might be a US airway standard lounge or it could just be this location.... I may never know ;)
2	Generally, I'm not a big fan of US Airways. To me, it just has this grungy, old feel to it. I'm really hoping that the AA merger will change things around.This club was pretty much what I was expecting. The staff was pretty nice, but the tables & chairs were messy/not clean, the food was mainly packaged w/ very few fresh options, and the place just had an overall "we used to be great" feel to it. I don't know..it was strange. All in all, it's just not that much of an upgrade from the regular seating areas outside the club. It wasn't the worst place, but I've experienced better. Which, equates to 2 stars.
4	Nice place to come and relax between flights. The food isn't the greatest, but house wine and beer is free!  Love the big clean restrooms too.
4	Really nice area to relax and chill. I am really disappointed with the airline. With all there extra cost and ect.. So I don't think I will be traveling with them again anytime soon. But this was one of the nicest party of flying with them.
4	Im an American Airlines OneWorld member which absolutely allows you to take advantage of the USAirways clubs at CLT.  Its a great place to hang out and watch movies on your laptop if you have a few hours between your flights.  I went at the one on Concourse B because my flight was departing out of Concourse A and this is closest to my gate.  If you're taking a late night flight and this one is closed, you can try the club on Concourse C. Personally, i prefer the Delta clubs, but this one is large and has a fully stocked snack buffet which serves better food than what you're getting on board the plane, so its a good idea to grab a few snacks for later.
