2	I love Subway - they have tons of excellent dining options and are a nice break from all the fast food joints in the area. I went into this restaurant the other day for lunch with my girlfriend, though I'm not so sure I'll return to this particular restaurant. Obviously I was buying food for both my girlfriend and I, but it was pretty clear the cashier and sandwich maker didn't speak English as their first language. I had to repeat several parts of our orders, and the cashier rang up our sandwiches SEPARATELY, even though we were obviously together and I had clearly stated this fact. When I pointed this out, the cashier said something like "I only rang you up for that one" and didn't sound too sympathetic or caring. And believe me, when you have as much stuff as I do crammed in your pockets, pulling out that debit card multiple times IS a hassle.Next time, I think I'll go the few extra miles to the Lake Mead Pkwy./Basic location.
1	I grab tuna and veggie subs from Subway several times a week. Quick. Easy. Basic (somewhat) healthy food. The subs at this particular restaurant are fine... its the service that bothers me. I am a customer. I have money. I am in the store to buy a foot long sandwich. I might even leave a tip in the plastic container by the register. I begin the transaction by saying "Hi!"  No response.  She stares at me with a disgusted look on her face. I place my order.  No response. She begins making my sandwich. No response. I ask for a few more black olives. No response. I place a bag of chips on the counter. No response. I hand her my debit card. No response. I Say "thank you... have a good day...." No response. This woman should NOT be working with customers.  I am not trying to get her fired.... but on a scale of 1 to 10 for customer service.... this store gets a negative number.  I will NEVER return to this Subway location again. I am over poor customer service.  If you don't like your job... quit!
5	We went in for lunch the other day and I was...in...a...mood. UNTIL Margaret and James took care of us. They were doing their job with a smile and pride. I didn't order cheese and told James I was trying to lose weight. He ran with that and pointed out the most healthful options and was so inspiring. We ate there and when there were no more customers, Margaret came out from behind the counter to wipe tables and straighten chairs. She asked how the food was and just made our day. We asked for ther names and will go out of our way to go to this Subway next time.They took a bad day and made it a little better.
