5	I first came here on a referral from my PCP for some questionable skin spots.  I became a regular because of the esthetician.  I wanted to give up going to salons for skin treatments because I had heard of a few horror stories so I was in search of a med spa, luckily Arizona Dermatology has an esthetician on staff.  This location is convenient for me, the pricing is reasonable, the staff is friendly and the office is clean.  No complaints = 5 stars!
1	I couldn't even make it through the scheduling process. A coworker and I were both looking for a new dermatologist who is also a Mohs surgeon. We were looking for someone closer to home, and I was looking for someone who is top notch due to my only being in my 20's and already having a history of malignant melanoma skin cancer. We'd done a ton of research and decided to call the office of Dr. Edward Galiczynski. He is a Mohs surgeon, closer to our homes, had excellent reviews online, and contracted with our insurance. Great! When "Alicia" answered the phone, I said "Hello, I would like to schedule a new patient appointment please." Alicia's first question was "Ok, have you been to the office before?" ... Um... I guess she wasn't listening when I said "new patient". I told her no I had not been to the office before, and her very next question was "What insurance do you have?" (in a very snotty tone). I said "Would you perhaps like to know my name first?" She said "No. What insurance do you have?" I had to hang up. My coworker and I were looking for an office where the doctor treats their patients like human beings rather than a number. If their first question is going to be about insurance, rather than about my health concerns, or even my name, then obviously the most important thing at this practice is where their money is coming from and not about me as a person. Maybe this works for some patients, but if you are looking for an office where they care more about the patient than who's cutting their checks, don't call these people. When I have skin cancer and I call to schedule an appointment, I could care less whether insurance is going to cover it or not. And the dermatologist shouldn't either. It should be about patient care. Bottom line. Sorry Dr. Galiczynski, you just lost 2+ new patients due to an unskilled receptionist. We have both chosen to drive 45 minutes from our homes to another Mohs dermatologist. Unfortunate, considering we were really looking forward to meeting you.
1	I was pleased with the doctor who saw me and grateful that he noticed a potentially precancerous mole that required excision. However, I canceled my follow-up appointment for the actual surgery after the clinic's billing department double-billed me for charges the insurance company had already paid. They refused to acknowledge their error, even though the insurance company had proof that the provider had cashed the payment checks a month earlier. It took some time, but the insurance company resolved the issue. After having the surgery performed by another dermatologist two hours away, I was surprised to receive yet another bill from Arizona Skin & Laser for charges that they had resubmitted to the insurance company for the original services. Again, my insurance company assured me I owe nothing, and they are in the process of resolving the second issue with the provider. I will say that the front-office staff was friendly when I canceled the surgery appointment, although they did not seem surprised or concerned when I informed them of the billing issue. Months later, I still have not received an apology or even an acknowledgement from the provider. All I have received is a CYA letter, sent my certified mail, reminding me of the need for the follow-up surgery and asking that I contact them so they can update their medical records if I had the treatment performed elsewhere. At this point, I plan to have no further direct contact with them. I'm not sure whether their billing department is unusually incompetent or worse, but if you choose to have services performed at this clinic, be sure to read carefully all bills you receive from them to verify their accuracy.
1	I have been going here for 18 mo. and still have the "acne" diagnosed with. I do NOT have acne, I have Keratosis Pilaris, and was blaitantly argued with over the diagnosis. I also had a wart treated, yeah, its still there.I am an aesthetician and know what I am talking about. Good luck if you're referred here and get Marlene Wright. Im seeking another office
