4	Great dentist, and staff! Every time I've walked into the office I am greeted with at least one, but usually two, smiling facings. The first time I went in I needed a crown. When I entered Dr. Gwen was actually sitting at the reception desk, and immediately began helping me/diagnosing my tooth. I wasn't charged any money for her to look at the tooth and give me a qoute. Right off the bat she was over $200 cheaper than the office I just came from. But she also gave me a military discount for my time in the service, and deployment (which the other dentist's office didn't), making her over $300 cheaper. Despite her being much cheaper, I had already made up my mind that I was going to chose her to be my dentist simply by her kind, respectful, and very pleasant interaction with me, I felt comfortable there right off the bat. And for me, comfort is imporant when it comes to someone drilling away in my mouth! I've since been back for another minor procedure, and I have yet to be disappointed. Top notch professionals, with great attitudes, here! I highly recommend them.
5	Dr. Huyhn is a truly amazing dentist!! I had neglected my teeth for years because of many bad experiences but eating and talking had become a problem for me and i didn't like to smile as my teeth had gotten so bad. My fiance suggest I go and see her. Well I just completed a 4 month process of major dental work on my top teeth an they look unbelievable. i joke and say I have movie star teeth now! I am going to begin my bottom teeth this coming week so I will have the complete package. Her knowledge in dentistry and compassion is what will always keep me going back. She is a true professional who cares deeply about her patients and has a outstanding staff to back her. I can not express enough thanks to her for what she has done for me. I would travel across the valley is she ever moved as that is how great she is. I can't wait to smile now for my upcoming wedding pictures!Hats off to you Dr. Huyhn and your terrific staff. There are few businesses in this day and age that have the complete package and you are one of them!!
5	Dr. Huynh and Danielle are great! Very intelligent, GENTLE, and friendly. Gentle being the most important quality to me. I am glad I found them!
