5	If it's an emergency, they will generally see you asap.  When we used to live in Desert Ridge, we had 2 dogs, 2 cats, there were times when I needed a vet immediately, and generally they will accommodate you in such a demise.  They see you pretty efficiently, but of course they will suggest things that I feel are not merited to add onto a bill, but it's your right to question their additions and refuse, of course.  I've never found them to be arrogant or pushy, they will easily offer other options, or be ok with your decision.During 1 extremely difficult period with our beloved Rottie/Sheppard Mix, they were very understanding to the emotional distress we were experiencing with regards to his advancing old age - he was 17.  They were happy to provided us with care during his aging.  Sadly, it came to a point that his quality of life was no longer conducive to allowing him to continue in the state he was, and it when it came to making the horrible and very sad decision to allow them to put him down, the entire staff were so understanding, caring, and totally sympathetic to our demise.  They allowed us to hold him, cradle him and pet him the whole time.  We were allowed as much time as we wanted before, during and after the whole life-altering circumstance.  They even sent us a sympathy card, signed by all the staff, after the terrible ordeal we went through.During another trying experience we had to endure, our boxer mix was attacked by another dog and needed emergency care.  We were now closer, and under the care of the Tatum/Shea location, but they were unable to see us.  This location was able to open up their schedule to see us under this distressing circumstance.  They provided expert care and glad to say that he mended just fine, with no lasting ill-effects.
1	I've already posted this review for the location at Bell and 7th Ave, but thought I needed to post it again since we took our dog here, too.This "pet hospital" is a scam and a total waste of money. Their vets seem like they barely passed vet school. We took our wonderful dog, Duke, into them when he developed a lump on his side. After taking x-rays, blood tests, etc., the vet told us that the lump was "a medical mystery". Prior to this, we had signed up for their pet wellness plan. In short, we took our dog to a reliable, trustworthy vet (Dr. Ryan at Blue Cross Vet Clinic) and it turned out he had bone cancer :-(. He ended up passing away this summer, yet my husband and I are still being forced to pay for our Banfield pet wellness plan each month, even though our dog is dead. Thanks, Banfield.
1	We have two dogs and joined the Banfield plan, with the full intention of getting fantastic service while saving money. (Banfield offers a plan where you pay monthly per pet and get free office visits with basic vaccinations included, and discounts on services/medications outside of your plan. We pay $25 per dog monthly). We have been incredibly disappointed, and here's why:- Our office visits are never free, the doctors always find a way to charge you for something. One time one of their vets tried to talk us into a $150 test to see if she licked a poisonous toad.. seriously?!? - I never feel like we are taking the dogs ta good, honest vet - Banfield feels more like a corporation that needs to hit a certain number every month - hence why they are always billing you for things you don't need and overcharging you.- With our plan, we're supposed to save money. However, I've researched local vets and their services are nearly half the price than my "discounted ones"- Every time a Banfield vet prescribes our dogs medicine, our "discounted savings" are nearly TWICE what the medicine is priced at online.- They are VERY sneaky with their plan. They do not tell you when they are renewing your annual contract. Once it's renewed, you cannot get out of it for a full year (we have tried SO many times). Of course this was never discussed when we initially signed up for it. Only in the fine print of our numerous page contract.- I'm disappointed with the quality of healthcare the dogs have received. Nobody seems to know the answer to health problems when I take them in there. I'm still waiting to hear back from a fungal culture they took 11 days ago, our poor dog is still covered in a rash. Overall, I'm convinced Banfield and their animal plans are a scam. Support local businesses, save money and take your pets to a local pet hospital. Our contract is up next June thank goodness - that cannot come soon enough!!
5	We have had three dogs who have all been patients at this Banfield and I have been impressed and deeply touched by the care and the love that my family has received by this amazing staff.  After four years of providing care to my dogs the doctors, vet techs and front desk associates are all familiar and welcome faces.  We have laughed together and unfortunately even cried together.  Things you should know about this Banfield... well they actually love animals.  The entire staff consists of animal lovers who do actually care about the well being of your pet.  Most of the staff will know your dog or cat by name long before they will remember your name, it is a reality of the business that they are in... they take the time to get to know their patient.  Quite frankly I prefer that they yell out one of my dogs names before noticing that I am even standing there... it illustrates just how much they truly care about my pet.   Other things your should know... they know a lot about animals... shocking that a group of people who care for animals know a lot about animals.  If you ask them about something you will often get an abundance of information back.  More things you should know... the staff believes in preventative care... it is not about pushing sales (that was being eluded to in a previous review), there is a reason for the recommendation they are making.  There are times when you have to be more pragmatic, I get it and they will surely understand... ask them why they are making the recommendation and think it over.  Just remember what they say about assumptions...You will wait in line to check out.  It happens... but look around at what they are doing, they are focused on other pets, they are giving the next person just as much time and attention as they provided to your dog.Dr. Cotter is great, she is a total dog lover and is a very friendly vet who is always willing to talk as much as any pet parent wants about their pets care.  I really enjoy talking with Dr. Lemus about my dogs.  She has been the primary vet for three of my dogs, two of which have had some crazy life experiences.  Our rescue needed a lot of care and Dr. Lemus was a true partner in the care for the year and a half that we were lucky to have our dog who was suffering with congestive heart failure.  When the time came where we were faced with making difficult decisions, Dr. Lemus was there for us, every step of the way.  You can't pay for the care our dog and our entire family received during the last days of our dogs life. Not everyone will have had the amazing experiences with Banfield as I have had from this Banfield, but as long as Dr.'s Lemus and Cotter are there my four legged  family members will be patients.
1	We use Banfield as our Vet and have been very disappointed in this location. The computers are synced to the other Banfield locations, but they refused to sell me heartworm preventative even though I was current on the tests for my dog because I didnt have the test performed at this location. They could see I was current and even stated that. I had to drive over to the Banfield location I use regularly and they explained that is not a policy and the staff just must not have wanted to deal with it. Prior to this experience I used the Vet here once and he didnt give me much time and seemed annoyed with my visit although it was a routine check up. I would rather drive a little further than ever go back to this location.
1	This place does not care at all about your animal!  We had our beloved dog there for years and he developed an issue.  I called them for help one day and they did not care one bit.  I had to rush him to another vet which did all they could, but we lost him.  When Banfield found out, they didn't even call us to apologize or offer condolences.  Then, on top of everything, they still continued to charge us monthly for his health plan!  Every time you call, they put you on hold forever too.  They are horrible and I will never, ever return!!
4	I have taken my 4 cats to this hospital and never had any problems/ issues. The staff is always friendly, caring and patient. From the front desk to the vet- everyone truly cares for my animals. The vet takes time to explain whats going on with my pet and discuss the treatment options. We've done surgeries at this hospital on two of the strays and the care was wonderful! I was worried all day and the staff let me go back and check on the kittens to ease my anxiety as they were recovering from surgery. A couple of times we've had emergencies and they were able to fit us in right away. The only reason I'm not giving a "five star".. is the cost. I don't have the insurance, we pay as we go, and it gets to be a bit pricey-meds, tests.  I would totally recommend this hospital.
4	I noticed some of the reviews were not so great. Fortunately, we have only had good experiences with Banfield at the Desert Ridge location. The vet is always very kind to our dog and they always call within a week to see how she is doing.
5	Absolutely awesome!!!!! Dr. Gross is phenomenal! She helped our then 2lbs baby get back to health from seizures. She is now 3.4 lbs, vaccinated, seizure-free, fixed and so healthy. The entire staff is so thoughtful and overflowing with love and kisses for our puppy. Thank you so much for all your wonderful support for baby Xuxa. We are so grateful! - Hilary and Matthew
5	My very fragile Yorkshire terrier has been under Dr Cotters care for six years.  Dr Cotter, Linda, Sara The Vet Tech have all provided excellent care for my pet. They are knowledgeable, caring and go above and beyond to care for the pet. They ALWAYS call the next day to check on how she is doing. Dr Cotter calls herself it is a serious illness, ( as Many have been.)I have had many vets and been to several Ban field clinics. Without a doubt this is the best group of pet care professionals.  Yes, sometimes when you call there is a wait. That is because they are very busy. I have been there when an animal was critically ill. No one could ever say that Dr Cotter and staff do not care. They have saved my little dogs life several times. I have seen the sadness when they cant save an animal.Their caring is from the heart. I Thank God that they are there to care for my Yorkie.
