4	I saw that this restaurant opened a couple months ago in the Fry's shopping center between Subway and Barro's unfortunately I forgot about it until today. Turned out it was my loss. I had been out all day and wanted  a quick bite before doing the grocery shopping and decided to give it a try, so I ordered the pesto chicken panini. The sandwich had great flavor, the pesto tasted fresh and the chicken was tender and juicy. My husband and children were on their way back into town from Phoenix so I called them and told them to stop by. My oldest son said the pesto tasted just like my homemade pesto (he's 12 and very picky about pesto) and agreed the sandwich was great. The restaurant serves Dryer's ice cream and for four servings of ice cream plus a mocha frozen coffee it was only around $13 and my sandwich was $5 or $6, a lot cheaper than we've paid elsewhere. With how hard it is for businesses to survive now a days, I hope more people find this place and they are able to stay in business,I know we will definitely be returning. By the way the name implies that they are an ice cream and coffee place but they also serve breakfast food, sandwiches, wraps, soups and salads and are open into the evenings.
5	This is a great early morning spot for breakfast burritos. All the staff is friendly and go out of their way to make you feel that your business is appreciated.
5	Really goos brownies and cookies. Need to try their breakfast too sometime. Nice ambiance inside seems clean.
5	Great coffee, breakfast, and conversation with the owners and staff.
2	had pizza next door at barros, wanted something sweet like ice cream. go next door to brownies at 730pm, first thing the young girl yells" we are closed, unless you wanted ice cream only", we looked baffled that we are "only" allowed to get ice cream, the rest of the menu is off-limits.as we are eating our ice cream outside, at least 3 families came to the door, but the door was locked at 740pm, sign clearly states that they are open till 8pm on friday. disappointed in the young ladies working that nite 4\5\13.
5	I feel like I should give Brownie's 5 stars because it is the ONLY small business that serves espresso in Casa Grande that is not a chain, not a full-blown sit-down restaurant, and not open weird or limited hours.  It's a cute cafe, and Casa Grande really needs a place like that!  I don't even eat ice cream but I go there for coffee or a sandwich frequently.  They offer free wifi and there is ample seating and umbrella tables outside.  Good job, Brownie's!
5	The coffees and dessert treats are great and the staff is very friendly. Love Brownie's!
5	Great food! I had the Pesto Chicken Panini.  The bread was soft and the chicken was tender. My husband had the biscuits and gravy...which he has almost every time he comes here. We also had ice cream cones. They have about 16 flavors of Dryers ice cream. I will come back the next time I am in the area.
5	I've never had their ice cream or their espresso... but their breakfast is really, really good.  Their biscuits and gravy are GREAT!  REALLY GREAT and I'm particular about my biscuits and gravy.
5	The breakfast potatoes are a must try. The sandwiches are really phenomenal too. The Chicken pesto, chicken salad sandwich, and the turkey cranberry wrap are my favorites. I usually alternate between the three. They usually have a rotating soup special, it's nice to always have something new to try. I do wish they would expand their kids menu, and add breakfast. The breakfast is very inexpensive so I usually just order that for my child, but it's a lot of food. They have ice cream, coffee, smoothies, and pastries as well. I love the special touch of a little brownie in each lunch. The whole reason I'm writing this review though, is their customer service. There is a lady named Jamie who works there, and she is just simply amazing. She always goes above and beyond and is so super friendly. She totally makes this place special for us. It's hard to find good friendly service in Casa Grande, and I find myself not going back to restaurants that have good food but bad service.
4	Cappuccinos are good here.
5	Cute place for sandwiches and salads! I went here for lunch and had the Turkey sandwich. The Prices are reasonable. Definitely a must try!
5	We sampled the peppermint chip and earl grey ice creams. Peppermint chip was good but the earl grey was fantastic. Highly recommend it.
5	Love the food and service.  The only problem with brownies is their hours. Soups are always super yummy!
