5	After the old college try, involving digging multiple holes in my backyard and too many trips to Home Depot, all yielding no results, I needed to hire someone to help me with my irrigation system. Not knowing where to turn, the Sprinkler World down the street from me recommended Charles from OSMAZ - Outdoor Systems Management. After an initial call, Charles showed up within two hours and fixed my problem within 30 minutes. Guess that's why you call a professional. Anyone needing any kind of landscaping work, these are the guys to call. While I only did irrigation, they do all kinds of landscaping. They're bonded, having been doing their thing for a long time throughout the valley, came highly recommended from Sprinkler World, and perhaps most importantly, are fair. I plan on redoing my yard in the fall with some new plants and lighting and I know who I'll be calling.
5	Called up Charles to fix a drip irrigation leak, and he was even able to come out the same evening I called.  Very professional, efficient, and reasonable.I had tried to do some digging myself, but just enough to keep my Man Card :)Charles also gave me some tips on landscaping, and answered my questions about various landscaping topics.Most definitely, I would recommend him.
5	My husband and I had a vague idea that we wanted to install a patio in the front of our house and called to Charles to get an idea of cost, etc. He was immediately able to help us plan out what we would need, what would work with our existing landscaping and what elements could add to the usefulness of the project. While we didn't really know how much it would be, we had anticipated at least twice what he quoted us and figured construction would take twice as long as well. Charles and the crew he used for the job were efficient, polite, considerate and thorough even past construction. We've recommended him at least twice already and intend to do so as often as possible. He is competent, professional, and honest. Worth every cent.
5	I needed to pinpoint a water leak - either inside house plumbing, irrigation, or pool. I purchased some water meters and then needed to find someone to install them. I made a lot of calls. Charles was fabulous. He called back right away and showed up the next day with his crew. I had him do some other repairs on the landscape lighting system and irrigation lines. The customer service of this company is outstanding. I will definitely call him again.
