4	Wonderful addition to the Jean Talon Market neighbourhood! This 'Pub Festif' has a ground-level covered patio on the north side of the market, and a second floor with wide open windows overlooking the sprawling vegetable stalls and nearby church spires. The interior is simple and lovely. The staff are bilingual and super friendly. The fries and poutine are tasty, and the pints of beer are most welcome. The rest of the food is a little underwhelming - maybe the presence of all that surrounding local goodness made me set my hopes too high, but I would love to be able to go to this pub and see new items on the menu featuring seasonal goodies and shoutouts to the farms and craftspeople being featured.
4	Best mini pogos, EVER? I think so. I'm definitely coming back both for the food AND drinks. I'm not normally a cocktail drinker, but I enjoyed many of their great concoctions. The beers looked delicious and perfectly chilled, sadly I didn't have the time to try any! The bartenders here are super cool, laid back, funny, friendly, and just great to deal with all in all. Great service is key, and Le Pourvoyeur exercises that!I wish it wasn't so far from where I live, but I will definitely be making a return.
2	I must say I was pretty disapointed.  Shitty beers on tap at $7 a pint isn't what I'm looking for in a pub.  I guess its more a restaurant than a bar.
4	If that wasn't already enough food, we also split an order of pogos. These weren't your ordinary, corn dog pogos. Battered then rolled in panko, the all beef sausages snapped and popped when you bit into them. This is definitely not your frozen supermarket stuff - not that I would expect it to be.
4	Well situated in the Jean-Talon Market, it's a nice place to go for a beer, but also to eat a good, and tasty meal.It was not my first experience at Le Pourvoyeur, but I went there for breakfast this morning with the Yelp Poutine Committee. Yes, you read it right, they had a breakfast poutine. As weird as it sounds, it was very good. It's basically everything you usually have in a regular breakfast: potatoes, cheese, bacon, sausages, gravy, and.... an egg.The venue is great with a good covered patio in the back, giving you a view on the market itself, but at the same time, it makes it, in the summer, a bit noisy. I went there two times, and the service has always been good. Notice also that because of the market, it's hard to find a good parking near the restaurant, and the traffic is usually dense during the weekend.Still a good place to go before doing some grocery shopping at the market.
3	Fun little bar in a cool and improving neighborhood. I always seem to go on quiet nights but I recommend you try it out. Two floors of drinking heaven await. Stay away from the cucumber GT. the waiter lied to me, it's not good, at all.
5	This review is for their NYE party, not the food.I was not looking forward to going out because places like these overcharge just because it's NYE and they can. I stood in line and grudgingly gave them my $20, and they handed me two tickets. Figured one was for admission, but then my friends told me that it was for a shot and a beer! Woot!!! It just pretty much paid itself off, and from there I was ready to ring in the new year~~~Got upstairs and they even had coat check. Music was bumpin and I danced so hard my calves and arms were sore the next day. Way to burn the poutine I'd eaten all trip long. When a friend went out for a ciggie, the bouncers even gave us blankets to wrap ourselves in. THAT is NYE service. Loved it! Had a blast! Sophie, thanks for choosing this place :)
4	Nice gin bar and the music is really good :)
4	This place is great to have a beer or to get some upscale pub food.Slightly expensive, but very tasty.
1	Perfect place to ruin a Saturday night. Unfortunately I've been in this place twice. -It's famous as a Gin place, but they don't serve Martini! -The beer selection is poor, expensive and mediocre (if you like Stella and Heineken you might disagree). I ordered a pint of "a fin du monde" and the beer was spoiled in lines.-They have a dance place upstairs and the D.J. know how not to play good music.-They have some one whose job is to walk around and ask people where to put their stuff. The second time I was there he almost annoyed everyone in the second floor. A true wet blanket if I may.
4	I am fan of almost any place that has a good beer list and is literally a stumble from the orange line. The place is cozy in the Winter and breezy in the summer; I love the covered terasse in the Winter as it's warm yet feels almost outdoorsy. The location cannot be beat, the wine, beer and cocktail lists are extensive and the appies are pretty decent. The bartenders are nicer than the servers, but that seems to be the trend at most places.
2	Stopped here for lunch today after helping my GF with some of her moving and cleaning. We each ordered a beer and the tartare (she had the trout and I had the beef). The beers came out quite quickly and just a smidge before noon-time, we were already getting our drink on!About 15 minutes later our tartares arrived. Sadly, the fries were cold, and there was no bread for the tartare. Sadder still; we never saw our server again. In fact, the ladies who sat down behind us just after we got our order still hadn't been served by the time we finally waved someone down to get our bill. As a bar, I buy that this could be a fun place, but for food... Meh. Not for me.
5	Great vibe and location right by the market. Friendly hostess. The gin cocktails we had were well made. However... make sure you get the onion ring poutine. It is mad science.
3	Stopped by here to get a drink before eating out. The place was loud, very loud. Loud from people shouting at the big screens (not sure, something with men on ice skates!), loud from birthday parties all over the place, and loud from the loud music playing. It's mainly a gin bar, so don't expect anything exciting about their beer menu, but their gin and gin cocktails menu is attractive. We tried the one with the Quebec gin (Ungava) and maple syrup and even though I'm not much into gin, I really liked it (but then put maple syrup into anything and I will love it!)It's a bit on the expensive side - 20$ for a beer and a cocktail (I will never, and I mean never, get around to having to add taxes and tips everywhere here!) - but the service was great. The waitress was obviously running between those big parties tables flagging here at every chance but still managed to take care of us in due time.Glad I went as we've been meaning to try it since the day we moved in the area though :-)
3	If you are looking for a great place to take a break from shopping at the Jean Talon market, definitely venture inside. On a hot afternoon, I recommend the Gin tasting -- three different gins, paired with tonic or seltzer on the side. Beautiful that you can add no, some or lots of tonic/seltzer to your gin depending on your taste... The bartender was fantastic, explained each gin's variety, history and taste. She was friendly, welcoming and knowledgeable. I would give this place four stars based on the bar experience alone. However, since I didn't try anything off the food menu and can't speak about the food, I decided to give the establishment three stars.
4	3.5Some days, you just need a glass of wine. It was a chilly, wet day in Montreal and I was winding down my adventures. I had a hot date (more in a later review) to look forward to but I wanted to make sure that I was present and involved during every second of my trip. After all, I'd wanted to come here for years and, so far, the city had lived up to my expectations. Got it? Needed a place to while away some time. Chilly. Wet. I'm a drunk. Wait. What?Consulting la reine et Yelp, I, first, wandered around a specialty grocery store that boasted cheese, beer, wine, and other goodies that were all local to Montreal in the micro and Canada in the macro. For an ignorant American, it was quite the education. But since I didn't buy anything there, I'm not reviewing it. Look for it while/when in the Jean Talon Market neighborhood. The window shopping had made me thirsty and la reine suggested just the place to warm up, chat a bit and get some wine.She was right in all regards. LP's charming wood decor is, at once, both charming and hip. The upstairs is the perfect place for an event and the downstairs is where you'd want to take your friend/date/loved one to chat and sip. That's what we did. After having a chatty conversation with an earnestly nice bartender (the Miamian in me was not so trusting at first), we settled in with her recommendation for glasses. Not only was the glass poured with a stiff hand and tasted like buttery cherries, I couldn't help but be impressed by the cocktail menu. I wanted to try one but 1.) it was the afternoon 2.) I had places to be and 3.) What would the neighbors think? I don't know anything about the food situation but as a place to have a drink with a friend, LP is definitely digable.
4	I've only ever had the pleasure of visiting Le Pourvoyeur during the evening, but every experience I've had thus far has left my inner-gin-sipping-elderly-man squealing with glee.The first time I visited this bar my friend admitted to our waiter that she knew nothing about gin and was apprehensive. He carefully took the time to explain to her how to enjoy gin and recommended an easy-sipping selection that left her, at the end of the evening, a regular gin fan. I was impressed.Also, the decor and layout to this place is tasteful yet unpretentious and I'm sure it gets better with daylight.Seriously, I couldn't be more pleased that there's a good gin bar on the island.
1	Avoid the brunch.Service was extremely slow, though we arrived on a Sunday at 11:30 and the place was far from packed. My grilled cheese was nothing to write home about. My coffee was below average.Sad truth is everything looks and tastes better at your run-of-the-mill Cora :(
5	The menu presents the concept of doing a few things well rather than having many ordinary items.Nice presentation. Prompt lunch service with friendly (but not overbearing) staff member. Prices are fair. I would go again.
