4	The anticipation for a new breakfast place downtown has delivered. My favorite aspect is right in the name and it all comes down to the vegetables. It's a nice open space as well the full service patio. Squash blossoms fits right into downtown including all the artwork on the walls for sale. The variety of food is what impresses me. They serve breakfast and lunch as well as a coffee  & smoothie bar.I like the warm colors of the atmosphere as it'll be a great spot to grab breakfast after shopping at the farmers market.The egg and veggie scramble was very tasty.  Lots of onions, bell pepper, potatoes and tons of seasoning.  It was served with a slice of watermelon and a tidbit of carrot cake muffin.  I opted for the turkey sausage that's made in house as well.This will be a continual staple for me as it's walking distance.  Can't wait for the full opening next week!
4	Quality options for breakfast and lunch in a walkable and comfortable location. The dining room at Squash Blossom is open and bright and the patio sports a mister system and plenty of shade. Local artwork displayed throughout reflects its connection with the neighborhood.The bacon bleu cheese burger had great flavor, just the right amount of bleu cheese and had two large crispy slices of bacon. Good potato salad as a side and a cookie to nourish my sweet tooth. Also had a chance to try a berry smoothie which was delicious and refreshing.With plans for a dog and bike friendly patio, a great location and quality food, I'm sure I'll be back again to try their breakfast menu when they're fully open next week!
4	Hey great place, very "cute". They have quite a few unique drinks on their menu which their barista made well. What prevented a 5 star in this case was all my flavoring was trapped at the bottom so my last sip was an exquisite surprise of explosive sugar all up in my grill. Considering i don't like sugar that much i almost gagged. BUT!! thats just how most drinks are. Wish he mixed it in a little better, but things settle. The top part was good, not too sweet and enough flavor to get from it what they are were going for (the mocha mandarin). Next time i will definitely ask for less flavoring because if that all was mixed into the drink evenly i might have not enjoyed it as much.If i wanted to rate my full experience, it'd be grumpy to be honest. There was no parking that i could find (for free). So we parked at meters...yeah you guessed it. I got a ticket...so most expensive cup of coffee i've had. :( [do they have a parking lot nearby  for squash blossom? preferably a free one]Aside from getting a ticket (MY FAULT! i should have put more change in the meter), i liked this place a lot. I want to come back for breakfast...after i max out the meter though...HA!
3	Went to Squash Blossom with a couple of friends on Saturday for breakfast.  It was pretty busy, which we took initially as a good sign.  We got seated at one of two tables off of the main, sunny dining room, next to the rest rooms and the bar.  We were the only customers in the room, which wasn't so much fun.  We saw a friend, who warned us not to order the espresso.  Two of us ordered the drip coffee, which was fine, but we had to keep asking for more refills and cream.  D ordered the iced tea, which made her make a horrible face.  She sent it back to the kitchen.  G and I split the biscuits and gravy and the pumpking pie pancakes with "whip" cream.  We all agreed they lose a star for that grammatical error.  D got the banana pecan French toast which looked amazing, and a side of potatoes.  I tasted her potatoes; they were ok.  But, if you're going to set up shop across the street from Matt's, your potatoes should probably ROCK.I had no complaints with either of my choices.  The sausage, which D said is house-made, was very tasty.  The pancakes were yummy, too.  Our table, however, was not big enough to hold all of our food comfortable, and it wobbled like heck.  We had to stick a folded sugar packet under it to keep it steady.Service was ok, but the food was a little slow to our table.  I'll go one more time before I write this place off completely, but I cannot say the same for my friends.
5	Met my wife and some family from out of town here for lunch. This was our first visit and what a great place. My tuna sandwich was incredible and the menu was very reasonably priced. This will not be the last time I visit. Thanks y'all!
3	The problem with being across the street from one of the best breakfast places in the city is you have to be even better. This place isn't even close to Matt's. We love Matt's, but we had ordered carry out from there the day before, so we decided to give Squash Blossom a try. As a new parent, my expectations may be a bit inflated. We are not eating out as much, so when we do, I expect it to be phenomenal. Squash Blossom was nothing special. The patio is in the middle of the parking lot. A lot could be done with this space. Instead, there is a hanging dead plant. The furniture inside looks like it came from the local VFW. Just nothing special. They do have local artists' work hanging on the wall, which is always a nice touch. We sat down, and we were immediately greeted and given menus. It was 11:30, but we were still in breakfast mode. Unfortunately, the only items on the menu were lunch items, which was surprising for such a small restaurant. How can you not offer breakfast all day when competing with Matt's? I ordered iced tea, and it tasted like it had been brewed with a coffee maker, which made it bitter. The menu was the expected salads and sandwiches. I didn't see anything unusual or any specialty items on the menu. For lunch I ordered a reuben and regular fries, and my husband ordered a burger and sweet potato fries.  What is with the sweet potato fry trend?I had to laugh as my husband called sweet potato fries, "the new black". The food arrived soon. Again, nothing special. The regular fries were blah. My reuben was good-the corn beef was moist and not fatty at all. My husband liked his food, but, again, nothing special. Service was pleasant. Squash Blossom was okay, but I cannot imagine returning for nothing special.
3	I was eagerly awaiting the opening of Squash Blossom because it is very close to my house. I went last weekend for breakfast and thought it was nothing terribly special. The place just opened, so I understand some kinks, but they were not very prepared for customers. The place was half full and service was very slow. The coffee overly acidic. I wanted to see the build your own scramble sheet...but they were out...so I got the veggie scramble with cheese. It was very dry. They put big chunks of potatoes in the scramble which dried it out. The BF had pancakes and they tasted like they came from a box. The up side was it was pretty cheap and they gave us free little muffin things (although those were not so awesome...seemed like muffins made by a child for a school event or something, but I appreciate the effort). The biggest downside was the place is supposedly local and fresh...but it didn't taste all that fresh and the menu wasn't all that 'healthy.' Eh....maybe it will get better with time.
1	Avoid this place if you have any food allergies at all. Ordered for my child, who is allergic to tree nuts, a "classic" french toast, he started eating it and said it was spicy. Found out it had pecans mixed in the bread ! It wasn't listed in the menu description, and the server said they make it with "whatever old bread they have lying around".We luckily treated the allergy in time with medication, but this is potentially very dangerous and simply unacceptable.
5	Fabulous! I cannot say how wonderful this little place was.Tucked away in the heart of downtown Phoenix, the Squash Blossom is a little sleepy cafe that serves breakfast and lunch and as of October liquor as well. In the same corridor as the Irish Pub, Squash Blossom has the most simplistic decor and it's just right. Canopies outside shade diners from the AZ sun and for me, the rare AZ rain. I order the Turkey BLT with sweet potato fries. My intern ordered the Backyard Bacon Blue Burger with a veggie patty replacement. They were very cooperative with replacing the patty and each our plates came with the most delicious chocolate chip cookie that was oh so very soft and moist.The waitress was very nice and attentive. The patio had a small troff of garden veggies outside so you know this place values sustainability. My co-worker ordered the spinach salad to go and when we brought it to her she inhaled it so I think the whole menu is good to go. I cannot wait to go back!
5	This place is wonderful. The good was so delicious and so cheap! My friend and I thought the prices could at least be double. She had scrambled eggs, toast and hash browns with coffee. I had the veggie hash with turkey sausage. There was fruit on both of our plates. Our bill was $10.93! I could not believe it! The service was friendly and you have the local downtown Phoenix feel to it. I am going to go back-more cool stuff on the menu like the pancakes!
4	Great new breakfast place in downtown Phoenix and the prices are beyond reasonable!  I thoroughly enjoyed my pumpkin pie pancakes...so ridiculously good!  The service was friendly, but a little forgetful and the atmosphere was nice - nothing special, but not terrible either.  Wish they would offer herbal tea too!
1	If there was a NO star button I would have posted it. I am not kidding when I say this place is a freaking nightmare. I honestly felt like I was eating breakfast at the Drury Inn. I soooo wanted to be excited about this place BUT... I am extremely scared of this place. First off it was Sunday and I was craving pumpkin pancakes.Saw they had them on the menu via yelp. Well no reg menu on Sunday's, just brunch. Ok fine, $10 a person and you can get an omelet, waffles (made to order cooking station) then the scary part. There is a dining area set up with sliced deli meat, potato salad (wtf), mini cupcakes and who cares what else. I wanted to run for my life. I ordered an omelet and all my veggies were raw in it. Disgusting to say the least. My waffles took forever cause they didn't spray the waffle iron so it stuck. I don't have all night to write this review but I will not be returning for any circumstance.
3	3.5 stars. We have high hopes for this new restaurant. The location and the establishment are perfect. We had delicious burgers; mine a lamburger and spouse a hamburgesa. The menu was ambitious and all items very reasonably priced. We would like to return to check out a Sunday brunch. Both of our side dishes were ok, nothing special. I would like to see inventive or at least great sides.
5	Wonderful, quaint, friendly! Food was great, hamburger cooked just the way I ordered it.
4	Attempted to go to Matt's big breakfast but the line was very long and the hostess couldn't even give us an approximate time of when we'd be seated. So, we decided to try Squash Blossom. We were seated right away. Our waitress was a bit odd but breakfast was good and priced well ($8.20). Pumpkin Pancakes were very good. Hash Browns and 7 grain toast were both good. Outdoor patio seating was fine and had sun shades which helped block out the sun on a Phoenix morning. Over all a good experience.
4	I really enjoyed this little cafe nestled between Sens and The Turf on 1st St downtown.  Had a yummy Cobb Salad and a side of Sweet Potato french fries for lunch.  I just wish they served the french fries with an interesting sauce (maybe ailoli).  The salad came with along with a chocolate chip cookie for dessert.   The place has great atmosphere (small and quaint).  They have free parking in the back.  Too bad they aren't open for dinner :(
4	Was thrilled to have a new spot in the downtown area. Squash Blossom took over the space vacated by Pasta Bar and it's been a very welcome addition! I've had a few lunches here and have been happy with each meal. I imagine things will continue to improve. They've also been recently approved for their liquor license so it'll be a new spot for cocktails as well. I'm interested to try their Sunday brunch too, especially with a cute patio now that the weather is cooling off!
5	This place is the BOMB!!! Squash Blossoms put Matts big breakfast to shame!!! From the food to the customer service was amazing.
5	Just had a phenomenal breakfast. A fresh veggie omelet that was perfectly prepared: Eggs were fluffy and the vegetables were tender crisp. This is the flip side of Matt's Big Breakfast (which we also like) if you are looking for a morning meal that is lighter, healthier and an atmosphere that facilitates conversation -- you don't have to raise your voice at the table to be heard.Our service was excellent. We wanted a pumpkin pie pancake but knew we couldn't eat a whole order. The waitress offered to ask the kitchen if we could subsitute one pancake for the toast that came with the omelet. They were very accommodating, and the pancake was delicious, just right. Clearly the staff understands the concept of customer service.The weather was gorgeous, so we sat on the patio. It was lovely. The only thing that marred this breakfast was a pesky fly.... but I gues a fly has got to be a fly. We'll be back to this charming cafe.
5	Great coffee... Chai tea latte is perfect and my friend had the coconut almond latte... So good!
5	Good food. Great staff!!! Thank you.
5	I'm so glad my friend Rico invited me here for brunch this morning, as this is by far the best brunch place I've been to in the Phoenix area.  The Sunday buffet brunch choices included bacon, breakfast sausage, omelets from an omelet station, fresh fruit slices, sliced deli meats, potato salad, penne, various pastries, and more; plus coffee, orange juice and other beverage choices - all at  great price. The staff was very friendly and attentive, and the food items were constantly being replenished. Cozy seating induces pleasant conversation. This is a truly phenomenal dining destination in the downtown area.
1	Squash - I can see your potential but something was off when we visited you.  My breakfast came out in tours, first the omelet, which was served with raw, uncooked veges and then 2 mins later I received DRY hash browns reminding me of rice crispy's, then 2 minutes later I got  cold toast and then a random weird cookie shows up towards the end. Our water glasses were empty, the server never returned until after I pushed my plate away.  P.S.  I like to have my meal served all at once and with the other diners dining with me. The manager was sitting directly in front of us drinking mimosa's with 2 men talking about catering their event and bringing food to their table to sample your menu.  Did you notice the table behind you was sinking with food, and service.  Unless, I am missing something - I cannot imagine going back.  I left very annoyed and disappointed.
3	I found this place on my way to the food trucks, but some guy handing out menus talked me into trying Squash Blossom. The waiter seemed new and was unable to tell me if the coleslaw was vinegar or mayo based. The table next to me got a cookie with their lunch. I didn't hear them ask for it, so I assume it came with the meal, however, my meal didn't have one with it.  I got the squash blossom wrap and it was tasty. It had good flavor and had some crunch to it which I like when I order a meal without meat. The coleslaw was really good too, even though I could not taste the jalapeno that is supposed to be in it. The guy handing out the flyers said I would get 10% off today, and the flyer also said that but when the bill came, I didn't see the 10% off. It was only $8 so I didn't care anyways. I would certainly go back there, but I wouldnt go out of my way.
1	This was a horrendous experience. We walked in at 10am on a Friday morning. It took 10 minutes to get sat, which is fine, even though there were probably around 5 or 6 tables in the whole place. We got sat on the patio outside. The menu looked promising and we placed our orders shortly after being seated. I had a sinking feeling we were in for a long wait as there was one waitress running around, and the 5 or 6 tables were all either waiting for food or their bills with disgusted looks on their faces.We ordered omletes, which is just basically eggs and veggies...10 minutes, goes, by... 20 minutes... then 30 minutes... and the waitress comes by and says "So sorry, you're food should be up any minute."  "Ok," we responded...40 minutes... 50 minutes... Then i finally get up and walk up to someone i think is the owner, and he looks at me and bolts for the kitchen, obviously cuz it's shit-show in there. I tell the waitress, "We've been waiting for almost an hour for eggs. If it's not ready now, then we're leaving."  So she runs says "let me see how long it'll be".I returned to my seat and saw the owner clearing tables. He looks over at me and asks if he could get us anything.  I said "yes, our food. It's been an hour and we ordered eggs"  To which he replied, "Last Friday we had 4 tables, today we had 40, so..."  and i just threw my hands up in the air and he said, "I know it's not your fault." He then said to tell the waitress when she comes out that our food is comped.  When she came back out 5 minutes later she said, "It'll be about 10 minutes or so, do you want me to cancel it or do you guys want to wait?"  So, they didn't even start cooking our food yet obviously. The owner desperately needs help from Chef Ramsay. This place is a nightmare. Understaffed but more importantly, undermanaged. The owner is clearly inept, and has no clue what he's doing as he has zero customer service skills.So we declined to wait any longer, got up and left after more than an hour of just sitting there with only a few tables in the restaurant.Not being picky here; worked in restaurants for many years, so I'm always patient and I ALWAYS try and give the benefit of the doubt; but there's just no excuse for what we experienced.Maybe the food is good... but I won't ever know because i will never be back; Truly a disaster.
5	= = = = = =  SUNDAY BRUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Five of us Yelpies got together today to give this friendly downtown spot a try today.  The Buffet began with beverages including coffee, iced tea, cranberry juice and orange juice.  Then it was on to breads including bagels, rolls, & a variety of other treats, along with various tasty sliced cheeses, cold cut meats including ham, turkey and others, plus a variety of fresh fruitsand desserty items.Over in the next room there were hot dishes including chaffers of scrambled eggs, homestyle potatoes, sausage links, bacon, biscuits and gravy and really good fried chicken!At one end of this second room were a couple of fellows cooking up waffles, and omelets with your choice of many items folded in.The first room has a few tables and stools, then the second room has a number of regular tables and chairs, as does the nice patio outside.I loved this place & think it's something special!     :-))Sunday Brunch Buffet $10, beer served, free Wi-Fi.
5	I came here for the Sunday brunch with Rand H. and Norm R. and after driving by Lo Lo's and Matts big breakfast to get here (huge lines to get a seat at both) We get to squash blossom a offbeat place that shares a building with two different bars one of wich is closed. welll we were greeted at the door by a friendly server that explained everything about the sunday brunch. The food was real good they had in the first room all the cold stuff macaroni salad made with penne,broccoli and cauiflower. potatoe salad.cold cuts,cheese yogurt ganola,juices,pastries and Cereal.In the next room was all the hot stuff,bacon,sausage links,biscuits and gravy,homestyle potatoes. Also in that room there was an omelet station were they will make what ever kind of omelet you would like With the ingredients there.They also will make pancakes or waffles. All this for 10 bucks and that includes great coffee. A big 5 stars for Squash Blossom.
1	I'm sorry, but the service here was absolutely terrible.  The waitress lied about giving us free orange juice, and the host person was rude and unfriendly.  It's not that they're understaffed.  There's a guy walking around hitting on the waitresses and pretending to clean tables, but he was unable to take our order or do anything else.  Great division of labor.We only ended up here because Matt's Breakfast place down the street was packed to the brim. Now I can see why they have a line out the door and this place is literally begging for customers with signs placed near Matt's.  The only saving grace was Sandra at the bar.  She friggin' rules.
2	Disappointing in the sense that this had the potential to be a great experience.Cute place, nice staff, pretty patio. Oj tasted like fresh squeezed, carmel machiato was delish, food was fresh and good quality.On the other hand, the table was wobbly and driving me crazy. Omelette came w the wrong side, no cheese and realized I never got my toast. Had to ask twice for coffee refill, and took 15 minutes to get the check which was a nightmare with kids.Could hear other tables with similar complaints, maybe an off day.
4	Worth a visit. The food is solid, the atmosphere interesting, the prices surprisingly cheap. Mimosas and bloody marys (big ones) for 3 bucks. That's what I'm talking about. I've eaten here twice and both times the service was good. I will return.
1	Someone needs to tell the folks that own this place to stop right now and get out before they lose all their money! Sunday brunch buffet was unedible. The potatoes were something to the tune of fossilized rubber of which both my friend and I spit into our napkins at the same time. The omelet I'd gotten from the omelet bar they had set up was swimming in a POOL of butter/grease/margarine(?). I tried to blot off some of said grease, but after one bite, my taste buds said, ' nooooo way'. Also got a waffle from the omelet bar and I could have done better w/ a frozen toaster waffle at home (which I haven't eaten since childhood and didn't enjoy them then). The iced tea was a winner! So was the sliced pineapple.  I support independently owned businesses and am sad to say I don't imagine this place being around much longer. Waitstaff was friendly, but probably confused at taking away plates of food w/ one bite out of things.  We went to Matt's Big Breakfast afterward and left satisfied, happy and full. So Squash Blossom. I had high hopes for you.
4	Been to the Squash Blossom twice and have been happy with both visits. The food was really good for the price. Waitresses were very nice and polite. Banana Pecan French was awesome left the restaurant in a food coma. The bacon and eggs was really good. The fruit and small red velvet cupcake with the meal was nice. Give this small business a try if you're in the area.
4	Stopped for a quick breakfest before going to airport. Wait staff was friendly and very competent. Food was delish and very reasonably priced. Would definately go back.
4	We wanted a change from our weekly breakfast from upstairs, so when I suggested Squash Blossom for last Friday, my coworkers were all on board. I took their orders Thursday night and rolled into work early Friday to place the order for delivery. Free delivery, I might add. Our order arrived right on time. Combined, we had the corned beef hash, an omelet, two orders of eggs, the bacon and their turkey sausage; the four of us split an order of pumpkin pancakes I ordered the corned beef and was expecting the masticated variety common in greasy spoons, so I was a little in a "huh" moment. However, the cubed corned beef was very filling but there were green peppers in the potatoes and I always belch those up for hours. My coworkers all indicated their food was good. While we also were very excited about the pancake, it wasn't quite are amazing as we expected--half of the pancake was borderline burnt. Perhaps if we'd eaten that first it would have been better? I'll still be trying that again.All things considered, this was a nice change from our normal breakfast spot. I'd like to check out the buffet Rand wrote about, too.
3	I have only tried one lunch item here so far, but I am definitely eager to try other items! I work close by and we (coworkers) are always looking for new places for a bite and when we discovered they deliver and also with NO minimum required, we were very excited.  And I will say, our first experience was very positive.Our food arrived quickly (just under 20 minutes), and everything tasted fresh and was the perfect portion for me.  I ordered the Chicken Salad on Croissant which I recommend for chicken salad lovers!  The sweet potato fries were also VERY good. Not soggy or too thin, just perfect!The only "issue" I might have had was ordering over the phone.  The girl that took the order was very sweetl; however, seemed a little unsure of how to take down an order and credit card information. (and we were missing a few things in our order) But even with that, we were still pleased. Looking forward to next time!
4	Me and my team wanted to try something new and since this place is nearby work we decided to try it out for lunch today.Our orders were:Backstreet Bacon Bleu BurgerCaprese Lamb Burger Classic BurgerAZ Chipotle Chicken SaladPostivies:1. Food arrived exactly as we ordered it. Nothing was missing.2. Food arrived fast and we are just about a mile away.  3. Fries were amazing!4. Gal that took the phone order was pleasant and even though multiple orders with multiple payment methods were placed, was good natured and got everything correct.5.  Burgers came with tomatoes/onion/lettuce/pickles ON THE SIDE.  So important for take out or delivery so you don't have a soggy burger.6.  Everything on the menu is very reasonably priced.  Where can you still get a burger and fries delivered for $5?  ($6 with cheese)Negatives:1. Regular and sweet potato fries (that came with the meal) were on the skimpy side.  We'd like to see more fries included since they are so yummy!2. Pasta salad (that came with the meal) was also on the skimpy side.  It was delicious but more of it would be nice!3.  Burger ordered medium-well was on the well done side.  Great flavor but a little dry since it was overcooked.4. Potato salad could use some reworking.  Tasted "ok" but could really be amazing if it was jazzed up a bit.5. Chicken salad - the "chipotle" part of the salad is the dressing but that wasn't cleary indicated when we ordered.  We were asked what type of dressing we wanted.  Assumed the chipotle was how the chicken was flavored, asked for ranch.  So it was basically a southwest chicken salad with ranch dressing.  Kind of disappointing but the salad was still good.Our favorite was the Caprese Lamb Burger.  AMAZING flavor and the buns are out of this world.  We're going to go here for breakfast next time!
1	I was excited to try out this place for Sunday brunch based on the menu with items like pumpkin pancakes. Well, I missed the part that they only offer a buffet on Sunday. First, we ordered drinks and one person ordered lemonade- they brought her a can of Minute Maid lemonade. The tap water tasted bad. The buffet food was horrible- the potatoes were cold and inedible.  Two of us ordered omelets and the others ordered waffles at the "omelet station". I think we waited about 20-30 mins for mediocre (at best) omelets and waffles. I was very disappointed, and don't plan to return. I think Denny's would have been a better choice.
1	Tried this place out after I saw the menu and read a few reviews. There french toast sounded fantastic. Server was nice, but she couldn't make up for the horrible food. I didnt realize it was going to be a buffett of cold and indelible eggs and potatoes. Thought maybe the the omelet station would make up for it. 20mins later when I received my omelet there was more butter on the plate than egg. I would have been better at Ihop. My niece and cousin had to wait an extra 15 mins after the others at the table received there food, for waffles. They ended up not able to eat their waffles because they were flavorless.  Needless to say we left hungry. I will never go back!!!!!
3	I got the vegetarian Spanish omelette.  Side with a slice of watermelon and home potatoes.  Oh my. My potatoes were super dry.  I drenched themnin hot sauce and ketchup. My sissy hash brown were so soft and soggy.  Didn't look appetizing at all. She sent it back...... came back with a whole new batch of hash browns. Um yeah... same texture.  Same problem..  I guess that's how they make their hash browns. :(
1	I was very disappointed in my experience here. I work downtown, and was recruited by an enthusiastic man they had hired to hand out fliers on the street. My boyfriend and I went in for breakfast one morning. The server was friendly, but incredibly awkward and would mostly only look at my boyfriend in his interactions with us. Then there is the food, which was the biggest atrocity. I ordered the huevos rancheros. Normally I think of eggs, tortillas, beans, cheese, sauce, etc. What I received looked like a thin burrito. No sauce, nothing on the outside. So I thought, "hmm, that's unconventional, but it must all be inside." Nope. All that was inside the rolled up tortilla was cooked eggs and a few pieces of onion. Nothing else. Almost as an afterthought, the server asked if I wanted any salsa on the side. I couldn't believe it. Not to mention the hash browns. They were half under cooked, and half burnt. I will never return to this establishment. My boyfriend and I were so disappointed with our experience, we heard a random man on the street tell his coworkers that maybe they should go to Squash Blossom, and we stopped him to suggest he not bother.
1	I posted a review last time we ordered out from this place and was very pleased with the food.  The 2nd time?  Gross.  I will not be back.I ordered corned beef hash with eggs over medium.  What I got was some type of mystery meat cut into little squares, served with country potatoes that were under-seasoned and undercooked.  My eggs?  Over medium, my left foot.  The yolks were completely hard and the whites rubbery.My colleage ordered biscuits and gravy.  While hers wasn't horrible she wasn't impressed. The gravy was just ok as were the biscuits.  Again, we won't be back.  Very disappointing because the prices are reasonable and the no minimum delivery is a great bonus.
2	My girlfriend and I decided to check out Squash Blossom for breakfast because its within walking distance of her apartment.  When first approaching, we couldn't really tell where the entrance was.    We entered through what looked like the back patio and were immediately confused because no one greeted us right away. There was no hostess stand. Only what looked like a refill station where servers get glasses, and had a bucket and rag just sitting there.    The service was ok. Our waitress was fine, but I found myself distracted by the conversations of servers who weren't busy, just hanging out sitting at the bar (there was only one other couple in the entire place).   As far as the food goes, there was nothing special about it. I got the veggie scramble which came with hashed browns and wheat toast and my girlfriend got the biscuits and gravy with sausage and hashed browns. First off, nothing tasted like it was seasoned, and both of our hashed browns were really mushy. My veggie scramble was ok, but there was no crunch or texture with the potatoes or other veggies. My toast just seemed like normal, store packaged bread. The biscuits and gravy was probably the best thing we were served, but it looked as though they out that all on the plate right away and let it sit while all the other food was being cooked. The sausage that came with the biscuits was interesting, but the presence of, I believe, fennel was pretty strong.   Both dishes came with a tiny pumpkin flavored muffin that was pretty good. I noticed that pumpkin pancakes are the first thing on their menu, which leads me to believe that's probably their specialty. If I go back, I'll probably try the pancakes.  I give Squash Blossom two stars because I've had worse experiences.
4	I feel like this place gets an unfair wrap in part because its constantly compared with Matt's Big Breakfast.  Yes, Matt's is better.  But no the gap isn't THAT wide.  I took a group of 4 of us to breakfast here this morning and we thoroughly enjoyed it.  Its a pretty no frills place (which is something of a contrast compared to the other restaurants in the immediately vicinity), but they do breakfast and do it well.  I had scrambled eggs with sausage and toast.  Simple, cheap, and delicious.  Everyone else got the pumpkin pancakes, veggie omelet, and banana french toast respectively.  The pumpkin pancakes were super tasty.  Also grabbed a piece of the french toast and liked it (though I usually skip the pecans).  The atmosphere is pretty laid back and the decor isn't inspiring, but with a tab of just $33 (including tip) for the four of us, we'll accept slightly less than perfect
5	Great breakfast and fantastic service. Brunch buffet was very good. Perfect breakfast spot for a perfect day
3	Was in the neighborhood wanting to grab a brunch and had already been (and liked) the Phoenix Public Market restaurant. Squash Blossom seemed inviting and the atmosphere was definitely pleasant. There was a wedding party going on outside which was only a negative in that it was a perfect day to enjoy our meal outside. We saw there was a brunch offered (at a very reasonable price of $10/person). We asked if we could check it out before confirming we wanted to get it and they were kind enough to allow us to do a little walk through. I'd say they could improve their presentation and though it didn't like a like a gourmet hotel buffet like those I've had on Easter at the Hyatt, it was more about enjoying a different location and experience. I'd give the food a 6-7/10. They could do better in terms of making the presentation more enticing. Cheeses were available as well as some cereal and bowls (but now milk). There was also bagels (but no toaster) with cream cheese kind of just seemingly propped out of a commercial jar...not so enticing...but I did have one (even if I wish I would have been able to toast it). There wasn't too much more other than a few tasty pastries and cookies. The mini Red Velvet cupcakes were very good. Sat down, enjoyed that and they had a little omelet bar (and I found out a little too late as I was full that I could have also ordered waffles which everyone else seemed to be enjoying). Omelet bar was a nice touch as you can pick and choose your ingredients similar to Genghis Grill for example but for whatever reason my omelet took about 10 minutes to get to me even though the restaurant wasn't really all that crowded. I had my back to the chef making it and I'm not one to ruin my day or anyone else's by getting upset...but it was a little too long I have to admit. Still tasty but I was really full by then. Reviews seem to be mixed and I can understand why but at the end of the day I would definitely try it out again.
3	This review is a little difficult for me.My friend and I first went to the restaurant down the street, but the wait was too long for our bellies to bear. With many other viable options close by, the long wait probably means the food is worth it. Anyways...I saw that Squash Blossom was right down the street, so we gave it a try.  We were seated right away in the disheveled interior section across from the fruit, pastry, and juice display set up for brunch.The fruit, bakeries, and cold items were all great, and the spread on the bar looked inviting. The mini cinnamon buns were my favorite. On the other hand, the hot items (eggs, potato hash, bacon, pork sausage, chicken) were just run of the mill. But at $10/person it's really hard  for me to complain about quality. Ya get what ya pay for.The omelette station was a nice touch, but the literal 35 minute wait for the two egg omelette took away any value having an omelette station created. So, me being me, I tried to deduce why the omelette making process was taking so long. Maybe they were waiting for the chicken to lay more eggs. Maybe they ran out of butane fuel and had to use a flintstone to create a fire hot enough to cook eggs. Or maybe the cook was just legitimately overwhelmed, and one of the three servers meandering around could have stepped behind the burners to help him crank out some omelettes. There's no "I" in omelette.Our server was great. He was very attentive and personable. All in all, I left unsatisfied with the food, but at that price what can I say? I'm sure there's much more appetizing items on the menu for lunch or dinner, but I am apprehensive to return.
4	Came here for Sunday brunch with my boyfriend. We were greeted by one of the servers. The staff is super friendly and much to our surprise they were doing a brunch buffet!! The food was good, the dining room was super cute too. I was blown away by the staff and how nice and helpful they were. My only big complaint was that I saw one of the servers take food out of the buffet tray WITH HIS BARE HANDS. GROSS!!!
5	The folks here go out of their way to satisfy and the prices are very than reasonable. The food is good and prepared with care. Don't be afraid to make special requests.
2	Breakfast is my thing. Sure dinner is everyone's thing, but breakfast is my thing. I don't sleep in on the weekends. I like to get up early, get on my bike and ride to a spot for some delish coffee, an omelet and to feel the morning quiet before tons of people start to go out shopping. So I hit up Squash one morning hoping to find a hidden gem. Downtown Phoenix just doesn't have the breakfast/brunch options that South Scottsdale / Arcadia have, but at least I didn't go to Matt's for the 100000th time. Squash is decent, right on first south of McKinley, and you can even see the old Matt's location out the back window. My server was a young lady, obviously doesn't care about her job but is there. She took my order and brought me my coffee. It was cold. So I chugged it. I finally got more when my food came out, although it wasn't the server who brought it but a more engaged woman,  possibly the manager. She was quite pleasant, she really was. The food was okay. The eggs in my omelet didn't feel like eggs honestly, but perhaps that stuff that is poured out from a container, but I have no proof of that so I feel maybe its better to not speculate. Price wise, not too bad. Normal breakfast prices, and the Mimosas were actually very competitively priced at only $3, although I did not have one as it was too early (even for me). All in all, give it a shot, but I don't I'll be frequenting this place and it certainly isn't a spot you'll be taking out of towners to see when they are visiting Phoenix for the first time.
2	My husband and I went here after stopping at the farmers market. We were seated almost immediately by someone from the kitchen and then completely forgotten. I'm not sure if the person who seated us shouldn't have, but  we sat for about twenty minutes thinking that someone would be over soon, but we finally had to flag down a waitress and ask if someone could take our order. Her reply was, "Well, this isn't my table, but I guess I can." We ordered and then waited for probably another 20 minutes. Keep in mind we had ordered nothing that would take this long to cook and the place was not excessively busy. Seems that they had forgotten us again. By the time we finally got our food, my husband and I were very hungry and cranky. The waitress completely forgot to bring me the milk I ordered, but at this point I just wanted to eat and get out of there, so I didn't even say anything. When I was finishing up my meal, she finally remembered my milk and apologized. The food was good, but definitely not worth the wait. The wait staff kept apologizing, but it was too little too late. We will not be going back.
4	I have eaten here a number of times, mostly as carryout, but once dining in the restaurant. The food is outstanding.  If you love breakfast, you will not be disappointed. Try the banana  pecan caramel french toast. There is more than enough for two people to share.
2	We went this morning and decided just to have the buffet since the waiter did not produce a menu and seemed to be pushing the buffet. It was fairly disappointing; the biscuit and gravy was by far the highlight,  in my opinion, but don't be too excited by my choice of words. In addition, it was a good 5 or 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged we were waiting to be seated. When we were finally seated, the table and my chair were both still dirty. I could add more, but the bottom line is that this was definitely not even close to my best restaurant experience.
4	Great breakfast place!I came here with a friend of mine (his idea because I was visiting from out of town) and I figured from the name it was one of those hippy dippy places with all natural ingredients who don't use sugar, gluten or flavor. BUT I was pleasantly surprised. Not only was the food very flavorful but it was a really cool atmosphere. The owner cooked our food and brought it out and the waitress was super nice. I learned that a poinsettia is a mimosa with cranberry instead of oj - and I also learned that they are delicious. I would definitely go back.
3	Had breakfast here today. The food is good but not great. The French toast was passable but nothing to inspire wonder. Ordered the rancheros hoping for beans and hash brown potatoes and a covering sauce and what came out was a breakfast burrito with a side if hash browns. Kinda strange in a town like Phoenix where you can get an authentic Mexican version of rancheros.
5	I have traveled 11+yrs & have liked home feeling places. Here on a Sunday, their Breakfast buffet has plenty of healthy food w the classic choices. Something for everyone. Indoor & outdoor seating. For $10.93+tip my tank is filled for the day ahead. Enjoy this awesome place w Gr8 servers w personality :)
1	"The Tale of the Nonexistent Table"Oh Sunday morning, February 16th. You started off so well. My boyfriend and I were up early enough to go check out Squash Blossom, a place that has long been on my "To Try" list-mostly because of the allure of pumpkin pancakes. We're not typically early risers on the weekend so this was a treat.Upon our arrival, we were greeted by two different servers who both said they'd be with us momentarily. A third person (whom I presume to be the manager) approached us to see if we'd been helped and when we said yes, muttered something along the lines of "ok, that's their job anyway".. Red flag number 1? Another girl told us that only brunch was available which was unbeknownst to us--not a criticism, we just had not seen that there was Sunday Brunch. It seemed like an awfully good deal! $10 all you can eat WITH a drink? We just decided to go with it, not knowing if we'd still be able to get the aforementioned pumpkin pancakes. Finally, we were seated and quickly served coffee and water while we grabbed some plates and ventured off into breakfast land. Inside, there were a variety of fruits and pastries, along with some lunch items. In the outdoor area, there was eggs, breakfast meats, and an omelette station. There weren't a whole lot of vegetarian options and the omelette station (which consisted of one guy and a few skillets) seemed pretty busy. I didn't want to go into a diabetic coma from just eating tons of sugary pastries, so I opted for some eggs, potatoes, biscuit, what little fruit was available and a mini cinnamon roll. It was a bit disappointing considering their main menu appears to have a lot more veg-friendly items. Let me just start off by saying, this food was not spectacular by any means. It was akin to a buffet at a family reunion you're forced to attend where half of the food is cold and/or burnt. I know what you're thinking right about now.. "well Natasha, why didn't you say anything?!?" Well I would've-but notice the title of this review. Nonexistent table. NO ONE willingly would come by our table to check up on us. It seemed like our server looked right past us and attended the other tables. Even if he was supposed to be the guy that brought us our drinks, I noticed that we were the only table no server checked on at all. It was actually borderline offensive. I mean, we ran out of coffee and water for a long time and finally managed to flag someone down for a refill. The girl that gave us more coffee and water was sweet and apologized because they were so "flustered and busy". Afterwards, the man I presume to be a manager approached our table, not to ask how things were, but to ask if he could take one of our chairs for another table. Let me add that this guy has zero customer service skills. Not too sure if there's a friendly bone in this guy's body.The boyfriend and I were a little confused at this point. The servers are running around like chickens with their heads cut off, there's the presumed manager being a jerk to everyone. We wondered if they were understaffed? It certainly was not *that* busy the entire duration we were there. It was also a buffet and it appeared that they had a dedicated food runner. The only responsibility of the servers would be checking on customers and making sure drinks were filled. Finally, we were ready to leave and almost contemplated a dine n dash because the people working were *that* inattentive. I flagged down manager guy for the check and he practically scoffed at me when I said I wouldn't be paying in cash. If it's such a problem to pay with a credit card, how about becoming a cash only establishment? It seemed like even if I would've expressed my discontent for the entire experience, no one would have cared. After reading several reviews of this restaurant, I can see that there has long been problems with getting good service here. I do see that the business owner does respond to some reviews but if the same issues are happening that were going on based on reviews from a year ago--there hasn't been much effort made in improving "based on customer's feedback". I will NOT be returning. I suspect this restaurant only stays open because of it's close proximity of Matt's Big Breakfast, which always has a long wait on the weekends.
1	The atmosphere is weird. I wasn't quite sure what part of the place was squash blossom and what was part of the neighboring restaurants. We ended up sitting on the lovely patio surrounded by the parking lot... No view. There was a mangy zombie pigeon roaming around the patio and when the servers noticed it they just ignored it instead of trying to shoo it away. It was unpleasant and unsanitary. The service was okay I guess ... The servers each look like they just rolled out of bed. For breakfast I had the veggie omelet which was descent with a side of hash browns that were obviously burnt on the outside (not crispy, burnt) and a side of toast that was cold and hard as if it had been laying out for a while. I would not come here again.
5	I think this place is closed... I am so sad because I love their food! I brought my mom and they were closed. There was no sign on the door. I called the number and it is disconnected. I am seriously very sad about this!
5	= = = = = =  CLOSED!  = = = = = =How sad to have lost this really fun Sunday Brunch Buffet!     :-(
1	No thanks.Read this place was closed. . . with good reason(s):Tasteless FoodSlow Order FulfillmentUnorganized employeesI forecasted this restaurant would not be open much longer. Too bad I didn't buy a lottery ticket beforehand.I hope a great restaurant takes advantage of this location. It is a great spot for the Food Truck Friday population that are unwilling to wait in line for the hot sun. Aside from that, it has potential.Squash Blossom--squashed for business...
