4	Come with a smile -- or a Spanish speaking friend, and enjoy fab pupusas (ask for them well done -- they will actually do that here)...The curtido (slaw) is crispy and vinegary - perfect on a hot Vegas summer day.  Beware of overeating though, because those complimentary chips are good but filling.I love salpicon -- and am accustomed to it served cold -- RC's is hot, but it's good, well seasoned and their rice and beans are terrific.   I wasn't expecting such a nice slice of tomato, perfectly ripe wedge of avocado on my crunchy crispy iceberg.  The vinegar from the curtido and the hot sauce make a perfect dressing.  Their chicken tamals are also good, moist and hand made -- mine had a tiny chicken bone that they missed when pulling the meat  (no problem) -- this one has peas and potatoes -- as my friend said who was trying it for the first time said " ooo, it's like a chicken pot pie" -- and she was actually, spot on.  This is Salvadorean comfort food most definitely.   The kind Mama would make, if she were from  El Salvador...3 pupusas, curtido, the chips, a tamal, and the salpicon plate were right at $16.   I also highly suggest wearing anything but white...because you will wear your food -- it is magnetically attracted to splattering on anything white.  Trust me -- I look like I've been shot.
4	great food, great service, decent prices.  . . . . . . Every time i have walked into the place they've greeted me and sat me down quick. . . . pupusa are delicious and try the barena beer
4	This could be my favorite Pupusa joint in the LV, but don't tell Las Pupusas that just yet. I stopped by here on a beautiful November afternoon with two of my co-workers. I owed them lunch, and one of them had been bothering me for some pupusa action. We were heading back from the Cambridge Community Center for a quick meeting, so this was a halfway between the office and our meeting. The place is a whole in the wall, but it was very clean and the staff was friendly. The place was a bit larger than I had expected and what it appeared from the outside. We were greeted right away and sat a booth. The place was about half-full noting that it was just after the normal lunch time. We were also greeted with chips and salsa (salsa already on the chips). They were quite delicious, and could have filled up just on these. As far as the pupusas, I went with my traditional bean and cheese. They were quite large, and very delicious. A little less grease than I was used to, and the cheese was a bit creamier than other pupusas I've had around town. My coworkers each got various meat pupusas and were very impressed. For the 3 of us, the total was about $12. Our waitress did not know english, but fortunately one of my coworkers speaks spanish so we were fine. I will definitely stop by this place again for sure. They also had delicious looking pastries that I will want to try on my next visit.
4	Great variety and quality of Salvadorian and Honduran food, including their national beers.  The place is a short drive from the Strip ( I don't advice you to try walking to it). The place is clean and reasonable priced, the service is great ( by sweet beautiful Latinas) and the location is safe.
4	This place looks like a taco shop from the outside, but it's a sit-down place with waitress service.When I walked in, I immediately realized I was the only white guy in the joint, which is always a good sign. The chips were fantastalicious, with mexi-cheese and salsa already on them when they hit the table. Cool! I ordered two asada tacos (phenomenal "street food" type), along with sides of rice and beans. All this, along with a Diet Coke, set me back less than $9. Smokin' deal!The quality of ingredients and overall taste were wonderful. The service and atmosphere were great. I'd totally eat here again next time I'm in town.
5	O.M.G. My friends and I just happened to be in the UNLV area after seeing a jazz recital and we were on our way to a little bar we saw in the same plaza as Rincon Catracho. I was starving, my friends had eaten, but I really wanted to have something before we went into the bar to drink. We just so happened to see this place across the parking lot. It has a bright neon sign on the outside of it which says "PUPUSAS". I had never had a pupusa up to this point my life and I decided, hey, I want one! Let's go over there!First off, the place is not a grab and go, it is actually a restaurant with seats available. This was okay though, I asked if we could get the food to go and the nice waitresses said that would be fine. When I looked at their menu I went directly to the pupusas. They come with just about anything you can imagine inside them. There are veggie-friendly options as well, as my friend is a vegetarian and she got a pupusa with cheese and zucchini. I ordered two pupusas: shrimp and cheese, and a chicken and cheese. I also asked if we could have some tortilla chips while we waited for our food. The waitress immediately brought out some chips (complete with red sauce and a nice cheese topping on them). While we munched on the chips some children ran around the restaurant and I was delighted to see that this place is run by *ahem*non-white people*ahem*. We got our food to go and walked back over to the bar. When you get the pupusas to go the wrap them up on a paper plate and give you a baggy full of cabbage (mine had jalapenos in it) and a baggy of red sauce. Oooh my goodness these pupusas were delicious! They had just the right amount of cheesey, gooey goodness, but not enough to take over the pupusa. And the shrimp one was EXCELLENT. The chicken one was good too, but the shrimp... so fantastic. It was cooked perfectly! I am in love with pupusas now. I wish I had been eating them all along! I will definitely go back here - btw the prices are DIRT CHEAP! We got 3 pupusas and our total was only $8! And they are so filling. You will leave this place and want to go back, I guarantee it!
5	I returned to Rincon yesterday to meet my friend for a quick lunch. So now I have had the experience of dining in as well as taking my food to go. In the day this place was just the same as it was when I went a few weeks ago at night. The decor has not changed, nor has the typical patrons. When I arrived my friend was already seated at a booth and there were about 3 or 4 other tables full of people. Being that it was exactly Noon when I arrived I was a little surprised the place wasn't more busy. Perhaps it's the economy (or the gas prices).This time around my friend and I both had pupusas again. My friend ordered the zucchini and cheese (she's a vegetarian). I ordered the shrimp and cheese (yes, I had it again - it's GOOD), and the bean and cheese. Once again the food did not disappoint. For how cheap their prices are and how big and filling the pupusas are it is just a meal you cannot pass up! Everything is melted so deliciously in the pupusas and they are generous with the fillings. I never had a bite that did not have shrimp in it.Service was a bit slow for my taste. However, the girl working was still very nice. However, I do not believe she knew much English, but hey, you're going to run into that if you want really authentic food like this. Don't worry though, just speak slowly and point at the menu, make sure you repeat things, especially if you're having the food changed in anyway that it is not described in the menu. Our total for our meal of 4 Pupusas and a Coke was $8.95 (plus $3 tip). That is as much as you might spend on combo meals at a fast food place and guess what? This food is a thousand times better.
5	this is my new favorite place to eat in Vegas. Its the best and the DJ is top notch!
4	This place is always good. Every time we are in Vegas we need to stop by and get our pupusa fix. Yummy its so good and so cheap.
4	My steak was really thin but it was delicious. DJ Music was great and karaoke was entertaining. DJ played some great oldies that my mom enjoys listening to. Appetizer was yummy. Chips w their sauce and cheese. Reasonable prices.
4	Is it possible for two people to be full for less than $8? It is for my sister and I. We came in search of some delectable pupusas and came out stuffed. The complimentary basket of chips with cojita cheese set us in the right direction, giving us something to munch on while we look over the large menu.We had ordered a plate of plain plantains and they are very generous for $2.50. We had six large pieces of fried bananas and they were searing hot. It did not stop me from shoving them into my mouth though. Next were our our two pupusas; one cheese and squash blossoms and one cheese and beans. Both were good, but our favorite was the latter. The cheese crisps up better and compliments the creaminess of the beans well. At $1.50 a piece we were almost full. The pork tamale was the item that pushed us over. It is not something we would jump to order again. At this point we could not eat anything else.I have been in search of a place to eat after a night of drinking around this side of town. I would recommend coming here for a quick and inexpensive bite.
5	Your typical snob from Summerlin would Hate this place!  I - on the other hand say, "me gusto mucho!" If my Spanish is off - I am trying to say I like it.  We just happened to be in the area and yelped mexican food.  The pictures on Yelp looked good so we thought we would try it.  It was about 8:00 pm on a Sunday.True story - when I moved to Las Vegas 20 years ago I went to UNLV, so I lived in the area.  I used to go to the Tower records in this strip mall!  Now I am back 20 years later... Anyways I thought that was interesting.This place is kinda dumpy inside, it was dark and a bit cluttered.  No big deal though - I was sorta expecting that.  The service was muy bueno.  Super friendly waitresses.The food is Honduran.  They had some Mexican dishes, too.  I ordered the Honduran special dinner plate.  It was compartmentalized like a cobb salad, but of course with out the cobb salad stuff.  It had a piece of steak, 2 eggs, sour cream, cheese, plantanos, rice, avocado and beans.  It was a strange combo but I did enjoy it.  A friend ordered the flautas and said they were very delicious.  Another friend had the pupusas and said they were tasty!  The food is moderately priced.  Great value here.Around 9:00 they busted out some Karaoke!  Seriously.  It was all in Spanish, but it was cool.  It got crowded, too.  People there were having a good time.  They were serving beer, not sure about alcohol though.One observation was there were almost all men here.  So, for you ladies looking to score a latin lover your chances here are through the roof at this place!!The name "Rincon Catracho" translated is --- "Honduran Corner ."
5	Having lived in Honduras in the past, I can say that this is the first time I had food in the US that reminded of real Honduran food.  The baliadas, frijoles, queso, crema, everything was excellent.  The only slight disappointment was the platanos fritos - but they were still pretty good.  This place even has banana-flavored Tropical soda.  Before leaving Vegas, I had to stop at this place one last time to get some food for the road.  I definitely recommend this place.
4	ANOTHER BOOKMARK CHECKED OFF.Based on the reviews, I had my mind made up to try any one of their pupusas. As I enter their nice sized restaurant, I am greeted by one of the very nice servers. "Hola!" she says. I just smile and make my way to one of their tables. I still have flashbacks to my Tacos El Gordo incident (refer to my review). So while im looking at the menu, she brings me chips with some kind of cheese and salsa on them to snack on. So im trying to decide which pupusas to get when out of nowhere my eye catches a picture on the menu of scrambled eggs and skirt steak. I point at it and say I want this. She smiles at me and says in a sexy Latin accent, "Chilaquiles?" Now whether or not she knew I didnt speak Spanish did not matter any more. I smile and say "Si!" After my meal I am thinking about making a trip to Central America because if their food is like this than sign me up for a Latin Food crawl! Of course I'm gonna need a translator because I will be too busy eating!Service was great. I like the vibe these ladies put out. Kind of like when you are new in town and they wanna show you their hospitality. I think next time I will definitely order a pupusas or two.So again I don't know how to speak Spanish but when it comes to good food, my stomach understands just fine!
1	I'm sorry to say I was very disappointed in this place. All I wanted was some delicious pupusas & I simply did not get it. Instead hubby & I got a moody waitress, a wait of nearly 25 minutes for our order & when we received our food we wanted to just walk out without paying. Food was nothing like we expected. It was tasteless pupusas, the salsa that goes over your pupusas was too watery and the cabbage salad that goes on your pupusas not fresh it tasted rubbery. Disgusting!! Hubby & I did not eat everything on our plate. The family that arrived before us was unhappy with their food as well. about 10 minutes before we were done with our meal we witnessed the lady trying to at least get something on her bill discounted because it was that bad.  When we walked up to the cashier to pay for our food the cashier & the waitress were still talking among themselves about the incident with no regard. They continued speaking about the lady and her complaints. Let me just say if I was her mother I would wash her mouth with soap. Never again will I return to this place. Hubby & I were still hungry since we ate less than half of our food so we went to the nearest McDonald's for burgers. You can not go wrong with McDonald's.
4	This place is A OK. The service is kind of slow but they're nice. I think they were having an off night because of computer errors. They forgot one of my items and left it on my receipt. They took it off after I said something but it was still annoying. The place is big. They have a big menu.Anyways they have Central American food. I went to a sister restaurant on the north east that I actually prefer. I love Central American tamales, pupusas, and plantains! I got one of my favorite dishes which was fried chicken, fried plantains, slaw, and pickled onions. This is AMAZING! They serve it with a sort of mustard and the combination is just amazing.I also had one of their pupusas which was good. The slaw on top was a good compliment.The complimentary chips are topped with this warm sauce that is also one of my favorite parts of the meal.They have some things to work out like ambience, better and more friendly service, and not forget  one of the items I ordered.. And I'd totally give em five stars. The service isn't unfriendly at all the entire visit was just awkward. It just wasn't anything special.Definitely try the food! I will go back but I'm in no rush.
2	The food sucks!! My husband well done steak was undercook.  The chicken soup smelled funny and tasteless. I have better papusas elsewhere for similar price.  The milk Guanabana was not even sweet.  Will go else for Honduras cuisine.
3	Hubs and I were in need of a place away from Las Vegas Blvd aka The Strip and we found this place on Yelp. The reviews weren't bad, so we went for it, even tho Hubs had some major reservations upon walking in. This place is a dive no doubt about it but I'm not one to let lack of decor hinder me from a good food experience. The service was a bit slow for my tastes but the servers were very pleasant. Our server didn't speak very good English so I got to use my woefully dormant Spanish. The prices for the servings are quite good. We ordered a bunch of appetizer plates: shrimp empanadas - 3 to an order, chicharonnes with yucca frita, 1 asada beef pupusa, an order of tostones, and beer yet we spent less than $30 before tip. This place is obvi priced for locals not tourists. Me gusta mucho!! As for the food itself...I've never had Honduran fare before so I can't speak on how authentic it was. The food was good though not outstanding. Although well-seasoned, the pork was very dry and the tostones needed some dipping sauce for flavor.
4	I'd like to rate it 4.5 stars, but YELP won't let me. We came here for breakfast this morning around 10ish, and it was really good. When we walked in, we were allowed to pick our seating and the server was quick to give us menus and offer us drinks. I whipped out my crappy Spanish, and he didn't seem bothered, which was nice (some people get offended when you try to speak their language and fail...whoops). I ordered a coffee and my fiance ordered the tamarindo. By the time we got our drinks, we were ready to order. My coffee was tiny! It looked like it was served in a tea set or something, it was kinda cute. Then I noticed the other patrons beside us also ordered coffee and got two regular sized cups...what?Our food came out relatively fast for homemade food. We both had scrambled eggs (with tomatoes and onions), fresh sliced avocado, and fried plantains. My fiance's food came with refried beans and crema (cream), while mine came with casamientos (whole beans and rice, mixed together). Both were really delicious. They also brought us some tortillas hecho a mano (hand made), which were delicous and perfectly cooked. Mine also came with chorizo (Mexican sausage) but it was one tiny little piece; not significant enough for the price jump between the two dishes. Downside? With my tiny cup of coffee, I finished it well before halfway done with my food. They didn't come to check on us for a while, and by the time they did, I was really thirsty. They had to make a fresh pot of coffee, understandable in the mornings, but then the guy spilled it all over the table and saucer and cup and then left....wtf? Thought this was kinda funny, seeing as I would have offered a napkin or a new saucer or wiped it up....Overall the food and coffee (what I drank) was delicious. Would have liked them to check on us a bit more regarding refills (I drank half of my fiance's tamarindo while waiting for more coffee, and they never gave him anymore either, or offered us water; didn't give us an opportunity to ask either, after the coffee incident). We were waiting for the check for a few minutes after we finished, stacked the plates and piled up the mess, went to the restroom, etc. and they never came. We waited until we saw another guest walk up to the register, and decided to head up front too, though its a bit odd for a sit down restaurant. Would come again for the food, but will be prepared to ask for refills in advance and specify what you want (I thought the sausage would have been different; I should have asked, shame on me). I do recommend the food. I usually can't bear to eat eggs (because they taste or smell funny to me) but these were great. Job well done.
5	I'm a native salvadorean by birth, and these pupusas reminded me of the ones I used to have while growing up in my native land. Rich in flavor, and perfectly prepared. I loved them so much the first time I tried them that I returned to the restaurant 3 times! I've been having one for breakfast daily and ignored looking at my scale daily! Well worth it and delicious. You need to try this place...I never give a 5 to restaurants and because of the service they should be getting a 4 (the waitresses were moody and slightly rude, plus stingy with the condiments that go with the pupusas!!) - BUT because I loved the pupusas so much, I ignored the service. :)
5	A must in Las Vegas. This place closed for a while for a quick remodel and I'm so glad its back opened... They even improved in food presentation.  Highly recommend this place for a group of friends to enjoy and awesome dinner.
4	Not by any means a "nice" place, but very clean and the service is friendly. I recommend taking someone with you that speaks Spanish, but the menus are in English so you could always just point if the waitress didn't understand English. I lived in Honduras for a few years and I can tell you that this food is as authentic as it gets. The beans, fried plantains and flour tortillas are just like they are in Honduras. We only had breakfast food, but next time I'm in town I'd like to try the rest of their menu.
