5	The Simple Electric electrician that came to my house was very professional and did a great job.  He showed up when he said he would, completed the work on time, and did it for the price he quoted me at.  What more can you ask for?  I would recommend them to anyone.
5	This company is amazing! I was remodeling my house in Scottsdale and my friend recommended Simple Electric. I'm from California and didn't know the first thing about who to hire. The guys were very professional and showed up on time. I felt comfortable having them at my house alone. We raised a ceiling in our kitchen and they put in 9 recessed lights on a dimmer switch, added lights to wet bar & powder bathroom. They completely added electrical for a new fan in our living room. All and all it was very affordable and there were not any extra cost surprises! Thanks guys!!!!
4	David did an amazing job replacing a light fixture in my bathroom. He was efficient, professional and personable. My only complaint is that it took a while for the company to get back to me to set a date for the work but it turns out it was because the fixture was so old (from the 60's) they had to order it and it took a while to receive. Simple Electric was very reasonable and I would definitely use them again.
5	This company came out and installed five ceiling fans for me.  I could not be happier with the quality of service from start to end.  I will definitely call them for any electrical needs.
5	I highly recommend this company for your electrical needs. I had someone else lined up to do work for me and after they cancelled last minute, I called these guys and they sent someone out the same day! The best part about that was they gave me a half-hour window of arrival! Most companies give a 4 hour window and you have to sit around and wait.  They provided an on the spot estimate. I chose the work I wanted done and they did it on the spot,  too. Their rates may be a bit higher than others, but it is quality, licensed and bonded work. You get what you pay for with most electricians, so in my opinion, quality work is worth a little more money! The technician was prompt, knowledgeable and friendly. He checked the panel for safety and quality before starting any work. He was was able to present me several options. I will use this company again in the future for my electrical needs.  I have a 1949 home. I had a ceiling fan installed with fan rated bracket fir proper suppert (all to code) as well as a bathroom exhaust fan (where there was none). The summer months will now be much more tolerable for me, thanks to Simple Electric!
5	I highly recommend them we are a business and we had electrical problem that we had another electric company come out and was not able to find the problem they found it immediately. Very very friendly staff. We will not hesitate too use them again in the future.  And you have an electrical problem you need somebody that day  are ASAP and that's what you will find from them.
5	Highly recommend simple electric. They came out showed up on time and were very up front with pricing. My tech was Jim and he was excellent and professional. I recommend this business if you have home electrical needs.
5	I found Simple Electric on Yelp. Jim arrived on time. He was great, he explained everything he was doing. We had 2 problems to address, he fixed both quickly... I truly appreciate his professional style...... I will be my electrician!!
5	I own a retail store in Scottsdale and mid-way through a busy Monday we lost 30% of the lighting in our store. After a frantic search on YELP for Scottsdale electricians I called about 7 electricians in 5 minutes - several of them I got voicemails or quoted slow response times of several days. Jennifer at Simple Electric said they could be there in 15 minutes - and sure enough Todd arrived, was very friendly, had the problem diagnosed and repaired within 45 minutes, and just for good measure repaired a light fitting we were struggling with. I'm sure under the circumstances many electricians would have tried to charge us an extortionate rate due to their response time but that didn't happen - we were charged a very fair price too, which to me shows they are good honest people. Absolutely delighted with their service, I will use them for all future issues, both in my business and at home.
5	I started a up lighting project in my home with another company. I laid out the project and type of led lights to be used. After 3 visits system did not work as required and was charged for replacement of parts each time. Did some research on parts used and found that a separate supply was required to be able to dim LEDs. Also the wrong Lutron wireless dimmer was used. Ordered correct part from Lighting Unlimited (these guys are great). I installed dimmer and still didn't work. I suspected bad switch.I called Simple Electric based on Yelp reviews. Am I glad I did! Todd the owner showed up and we talked about what I was trying to do and my trouble shooting. He smiled and said why did I call since I had it figured out. He verified the switch was bad. No charge for call and off he went. Ordered another switch and called him back to install. The system works like intended. I could not be more satisfied. Total professional and excellent customer service. Highly recommend.
5	My family had been using Simple Electric for all our electric issues and have been very happy with the service. All the techs are super nice and answer all our questions!! I highly recommend them!!!
5	From the very moment that I called simple electric to the completion of of the service call it was five stars great service!Our service technician, Grant, is amazing! He was clean and friendly and extremely thorough and very pleasant to have in our families home. I highly recommend Simple Electric and Grant for any persons electrical needs!
1	I spoke with Todd and told him I had a basic light fixture in my closet that needed to be replaced.I don't think there would be anything too complicated about that but he told me he could not give me a idea of the cost but that I would be charged $49 to come out and look at it first. I can call a auto mechanic and get price checks on a repair but not a light fixture. Not impressed.
