1	These people suck.  I took my 2006 Chevy Cobalt SS in today for 4 new tires.  Left the keys with them due to long wait and had promise from JUAN (manager) that I would receive call when the new tires were installed.  Over 3 hours later I returned due to no call to find my car sitting in the unsecure parking lot with the alarm not set, doors left unlocked, and trunk open for anyone to come by and take whatever they wanted. In addition, there are jacka$$ employees working there who do not know how to drive a manual transmission with a reverse lockout because they literally ripped the shifter boot off the console and damaged the shifting mechanism - the car will now shift into ANY gear when the engine is turned off and the clutch is NOT engaged. I show the manager 'PAUL'  who is now on duty the condition my car was left in and his response was "the glue just came loose".  OK, and my certified mechanic husband is an idiot.  This yahoo refused to take ownership and responsibility for the actions of his staff and now I am looking at the possibility of paying for these repairs myself as the car is damaged.  Let's just leave it said that Bruce T. Halle President and Director, Rick Sims, Regional Vice President, and Phil Trent, Assistant Vice President, will all be receiving phone calls from me next week.  Fortunately for me, the corporate offices are here in Scottsdale so I can stop by as well with the pictures I took BEFORE dropped the car off (including the odometer reading) and the pictures I took AFTER when I picked it up showing the shifter boot separated from the console.  Some yahoo in the showroom muttered something to the nature of "the car only moved 25 feet so I don't see how it could happen" I told him I've been driving this car for years and an idiot who did not know how to drive this car could easily damage the shifter in less than 25 feet - by the way, dude, it is MORE than a 25 foot drive from THAT parking spot to YOUR lifts in the shop.
5	Discount Tires will check and fill your tire pressure for free, while you wait, anytime. That's a nice service. I found out that they will also repair your flat tire for free. That's a great service. I had them repair a flat. The tire had a huge drill bit sticking in it. Over the next week the tire lost air so I returned and left the car for them to take a look. They called an hour later to tell me that they had replaced that tire, free of charge, since they did not repair it right the first time. I hadn't purchased the tire there nor did I have their road hazard coverage. They just gave me a new tire valued at over $150. That's above-and-beyond customer service. 3232 E. Cactus Rd., PHX
5	Total cool experience 2nd visit with 2 nd car.  This team works like a machine , very polite considerate of my time and watch them take the extra min and do it right.  Even put up my spare like factory had , didn't expect that.   Good guys, great service.  Thank you to the Real working guys out there.  Keep it up boys!!!!!!   Your appreciated   Peace M and family
