5	Stopped in to try our local coffee shop on the corner at 7th st and carefree highway behind the discount tire store.Very nice looking little shop, great iced coffee with coffee flavor not whipped cream flavored! Cant wait till it cools off a bit to try a nice hot cup of joe! We will definitely be going here now for our local coffee shop. They also have a nice assortment of pastries etc... for breakfast while your there, and do sandwiches and wraps for lunch also. Hopefully we can find an afternoon to stop in and try something for lunch someday soon.FYI found out while there talking to the owner that he roasts his own coffee beans, and they sell them there in the store and online, WOW! We will be trying those soon too!
5	Why even bother with Starbucks! Get the real the fresh stuff here! Great cozy place. Chocolate chip cookies with sea salt are amazing!   Great place great service!
5	We stopped back in to pickup some coffee beans. Believe they were their "5 star blend". DELICIOUS !!!! Great dark roast beans, comparable price to everywhere else, but made locally! Now if it would just cool off a bit more will try stopping in for hot coffee, and have yet to make it for lunch. Hopefully someday soon!
5	Coffee is great, but we always end there around lunch. My kids get sandwiches and cookies and the last time I had their southwestern egg wrap with egg whites. Yum yum!! I love living up in this area and love having a small mom and pop place to go to.
4	Not very many local coffee shops in cave creek so I thought id give this place a shot. I LOVE that they have almond milk. Just that will make me return. Iced mocha was what I needed on a Sunday. Hubby loved the Dark roast 5 star blend too
5	Love local coffee shops! This one in particular has a really great feel to it! There is out door seating and you can order over the phone! There is a huge selection of food! When you walk in, the staff greets you warmly. I got the peach passion and I'm in heaven and I'm wondering why I ever went anywhere else for smoothies! They also have a great selection of coffees as well as a whole section of organic coffee. Love!
5	So amazed by this private business. Had a rolo iced with almond milk and hands down best coffee ever. Wish I didn't live so far!
4	Tiny little place with a laid back, comfortable atmosphere. Barista and cook were super sweet and the breakfast sandwich was delicious. Very competitively priced- check it out if you're in the area.
5	Great little coffee shop with a very friendly staff.  Glad to see a non-chain coffee shop that knows coffee.  Owner actually roasts his own and you can buy it in bulk if you want.  My wife loves the fact that they have dark chocolate as an option in their mocha blended drinks.  Try the Jalapini BLT. Yummy! You can also try their newly opened sister restaurant at North Valley Parkway and Carefree Highway.
