1	I went to Enterprise to purchase a 2010 Toyota Sequoia I saw online.  The SUV was in ABQ, NM and I agreed to pay the non-refundable $250 transfer fee in order for the right to buy a car. Finally, after 2 weeks I received a phone call from the Peoria office stating that the car was in but was damaged in transport. (When initially agreeing to transport the car I was quite hesitant but was assured that in 5 years damage has only occurred once)  After telling me about the damage, no specific details mind you, I was informed there was another Sequoia in Okla that they would ship to me for free.  It had more miles and was the same price but had captains' chairs in the 2nd row which I did not want.  I was told that my $250 was non-refundable and I could not even get a credit towards a future purchase/transfer even though I never even had a chance to buy the car.  Something did not seem right to me so I did a little research and investigating.  The truck the I paid $250 to transfer in came up in an online search in the Tempe office.  So, my wife decided to call over there and act like she was interested in the car.  Well, the salesman who answered the phone said the car was sold a couple days ago!  So basically, this company had me transfer the car for them for free so they could sell it to the highest bidder!  I called the Peoria office and told them they had a chance to come clean which they did not.  I then explained what I had found out and that I wanted a refund or I would go to the news with this story.  Needless to say they refunded my money quickly.  Let this story be a warning to all out there do not fall for their scams and DO NOT TRANSFER a car from out of state.As a side note a person from the Peoria office did call me back and said there was a "mix up" and that another Sequoia came in that day and had damage but the one I wanted was fine and they sold it by accident.  Ummm, do they really believe I am that dumb?  I hope this review saves some people the trouble of dealing with these con artists.
5	I've bought 3 vehicles including my purchase 3 weeks ago and like always I'm completely satisfied.  I'll always buy from Enterprise Car Sales.
5	I recently purchased a Ford Focus from Enterprise. The whole process was so easy and surprisingly fast! They gave me an excellent deal on my trade-in, and made me feel very comfortable. The car is fantastic and in great condition - I love it!
5	Bought a car here about 2 years ago. They really know what they're doing! Helped us find the right loan at the right rate and we couldn't be happier!
4	I bought a car for my daughter four years ago from Chris, and the payment was very low and the car still kept its value and is running good. I am planning on buying my next car from Enterprise. They are a great place to buy your next car.
5	After a very stressful and bad experience of buying a lemon car from another dealership, we took a leap of faith and ordered a car through Enterprise's fleet that was in New Mexico. Kami was extremely helpful during our whole experience. We received the car within a week and it was in great condition, as promised. Chris helped thoroughly explain every aspect of purchasing the vehicle and made us feel much more comfortable than any other dealership I have bought from. All in all, this was THE BEST buying experience myself and my family has ever had. Both Kami & Chris are helpful, educated and honest employees and we will certainly be purchasing future cars from them!!
