5	Wooly Wonders is a gem hidden away in yet another Las Vegas strip mall. It's small but incredibly well stocked with a variety of yarns and needle craft supplies. The yarns range from mid to high level brands and types, and including Cascade, Noro and Debbie Bliss. They also stock roving for spinners as well. The ladies that work at this shop are incredibly helpful and knowledgeable. They not only know about knitting, but also crochet, hairpin lace, tatting and spinning as well. They have a table set up for people to sit and knit at, and the shop gets lots of natural light from large front windows. Overall this shop is my favorite LYS in Las Vegas and I shop here often.
4	For a tiny shop in a strip mall a moderate (but doable) hike from my apartment, Wooly Wonders is excellent.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because I've been spoiled by the old "Straw Into Gold" (no longer in business) in Berkeley, CA.  They have what looks like a great selection of yarn (I'm not a knitter, but a spinner), a couple of spinning wheels, drop spindles, an assortment of fibers for spinning and some great gift items for spinners or knitters.  The wooden (bamboo?) knitting needles with polymer clay heads were so attractive/cute that if I didn't already know that I'm not much of a knitter, I'd have purchased several pairs on the spot.
5	I encountered Wooly Wonders while passing through town, and am so glad. The shop has a choice selection of yarn. While I was shopping for a knitting project, it's nice to see that they also cater to weavers and spinners. The lady that helped me was so sweet and welcoming, and made it easy for me to want to spend a few good hours there were it not for my boyfriend asleep in the car.
3	Good selection of yarn, but a little austere during the day when I visited.  I was planning to sit and knit but ended up making a purchase and departing.
5	Yay!!! I love this place!!I was really excited to check it out while in town, because of the previous rave reviews. And then as I was pulling up, I got a little nervous, because the little strip mall it's in is far from charming. But the moment I walked through the door: WOOSH!, a clean, cozy and welcoming yarn store was before my eyes.Yeesh, I don't even know what to focus on about this place and I fear writing a 1,000 word review. I'll go for a list...Very friendly staff. It's rare that I can spend an hour in a small store and not feel a bit in the way or slightly rushed out.Excellent and affordable ($-$$$) selection of yarn - lots of Debbie Bliss.Tons, tons, tons of books and patterns, including single patterns. Almost all update to date styles.Room to sit and knit/ crochet, if you're so inclined. Unlike another reviewer, I felt totally welcome to do so. Maybe even more welcome to stay than to leave!And very crochet friendly, which is sadly not always the case.Grrrr, I wish we had a place like this near home!
5	If you're a knitter and in search of some quality yarns, knitting supplies, or advice, Wooly Wonders is the place to go!From the outside this store seems relatively small, but inside it's stacked floor to ceiling with high quality yarns from every fiber you can think of - all kinds of wool (merino, alpaca, baby alpaca, natural, etc.), a fantastic assortment of silk and silk blends (merino-silk blend has become my new fave fiber), and every gauge fiber you can think of.  They have tons of baby yarns, sock yarns, and a decent assortment of chunky, too.  Keep in mind - this store does not have yarns at the cheap end of the spectrum (no $1.99 acrylic skein here), so think of it more along the lines of a yarn boutique (but when I say "boutique" I mean that they have quality yarns that are functionally better - it's not just a brand whore thing).  Most skeins will run you $6-$12.One of the best things the store has to offer is their open-knit sessions.  Every Tues, Thurs, and Saturday (and I think they're opening up more days too), they invite knitters to come out and knit together.  Those that show up span the range from beginner to expert, and the workers at the store are always beyond happy to help.  Service has been excellent every time I've stopped by, they even offer to wind your skein for you (yee-haw!).  So, if you don't know what "yo k2 ssk" means, you don't have to pay for an interpretation and they'll show you how to make it happen.  Plus, I've never seen an open knit session without at least one guy present.  Boys, keep in mind how flattered your special lady (or guy) friend will be when you hand them that xmas gift of a chunky yarn hug to keep them warm and keep you in their thoughts...
5	This store is a gem!  Wooly Wonders carries all types of premium yarn, books, magazines, knitting and crochet needles and spinning supplies.  I was greeted immediately when I entered the store.  Both women who were working provided such wonderful, friendly service.  I felt very welcome and unintimidated, as they were both knit and crochet friendly.  I would definitely recommend this establishment if you're looking for a local knit and crochet supply store in which you will feel at home.  I will definitely be back!
5	Was looking for a specific shell button. They had a small button collection but not mine. She was happy to give me a list of national chains to try out but wouldn't say another local shops name.  Maybe they dont have another in town? I will keep looking but for Yarn and needles you will be set. Ive never seen so much wool!
5	My finace and I went here on our way out of town. I am happy to say they had a wonderful selection of yarn!! I plan on going back next time we are in town!! The lady there was very helpful. I recommend this store to anyone that knits or crochets!!
2	I would have loved to have seen this shop, but apparently it's closed for Labor Day. The website and Yelp both say it's open, but the sign on the door says it's closed.Maybe next time...
1	Visited the shop today and sadly they are no longer in business. They haven't updated their website indicating they are no longer in business. Trying to save others from traveling unnecessarily.
