5	Love the local beer murals and draft selection.  A lot of beer places you compromise on the food.  Not here.   The food is very good.  I had the cobber salad and my husband had the wings. The service was good too!  We will definitely be back.
5	It seems as if there are taprooms popping up all over Charlotte but most are missing one feature - awesome food. Imagine going to a place that serves the best local craft beer and amazing food. Look no further than Sankey's. Yes, there are taprooms  in Charlotte with excellent food trucks in the parking lot, but Sankey's brings the excellent food inside with courteous staff (Andy and Brooke). Make this place a must on your list and you will not be disappointed.
4	We just finished lunch here and our food was very good. We read Yelp reviews an decided to try it ourselves. We ordered chicken Philly cheesesteak and two house salads. All prepared quickly and good service. Small place-but nice atmosphere. Recommend!
5	Great customer service and good bar food . Definitely will be back
4	What a cool little spot in Matthews. Stopped in today for lunch to celebrate my dad's birthday and boy was I impressed with their food. I ordered the (French) Dip. Fantastic! The roast beef is made in house and was tender and full of flavor. The house made chips are some of the best I've had. A consistent crunch and not all stuck together like you see so often at other places. My mom ordered the lunch special of the day, Thai chicken sandwich. I was fortunate to try a bite. That s#*t was good! Nice spice level too! Dad, born and raised in Wisconsin, ordered the brat. He loved it. Of course one of the things that makes this place great is the craft beers! Lots on tap and very reasonably priced. Most are $4 a pint. They also have a good selection of bottled craft beers too. The staff is friendly and the service was good. A few TVs to watch the games and plenty more food items to try! I've found a new hang out.
4	Fast friendly serviceCasual atmospherePriced maybe $1 or so higher than you see else where, but the quality is there and so are the portions. Patio looks out onto parking lot :(Great regional & local craft brewsI had the Philly with o-rings; it was delicious and very filling - I should have gotten a to go box, but took one for the team and fished it off. My wife had the French Dip and thought it was too salty, but still decent, so you may consider asking for no salt to be added.We enjoyed it enough that we will be back.
5	BEST chili on the south eastside. Damn good burgers and a good selection of local craft beer.
4	I always have the hardest time finding a GOOD place for food in the Matthews area. Especially a bar that's not just a sports bar. The turkey Reuben was delicious!  I don't think I've ever had better, actually!  We will be back!
4	This is a hidden gem. Great beers, friendly service and great bar food. I highly recommend The Sankey sandwich. It's similar to a type of sandwich popular in Pittsburgh. Either you know what I am talking about or you don't. This and Dunwellz have the best bar food on the southeast side of town. Go.
5	best wings in charlotte
3	Cool little place tucked away off Independce (Hwy. 74).  If you aren't paying attention you will certainly drive right by, but that would be a mistake.  This bar and grill is actually a pleasant addition to Matthews with great taps and a decent menu for those looking for burgers, salads and daily specials.While there I had a salad and it was really good and of course the beer was great.  I can't remember how many taps they have but there are several.  The service was good (a little slow) but they were inbetween shifts I think as it was around 2-3pm when we stopped in.Parking is a breeze with surface parking available.
4	Pretty good bar and grill. Kind of smelled funny. Lots of local beer on tap but not all beers were great.
3	Not a bad place for beer and food. Bar and grill normal. Decent craft brew and the Texas Caviar was pretty good. Nice people and pretty fair service.
5	Great selection in food and beer! Staff is welcoming and polite. I can never know what I want to eat between the Chicken sandwich, chili, bratwurst, cheesesteak etc. Sit either inside or outside, either place there's always great music playing.
