1	My husband and I have been renting our current home for two years, going on three.  And I've encountered my share of property managers  throughout the years with no complaints.  American homes 4 rent is the new management company we're renewing our third year lease with. Well, I'm in utter shock that a company can have employees this unprofessional.  Amy (who has been contacting us to email and sign the lease and Sara (the boss) are liars!  I can't believe these ladies think they can get away with lying to their tenants simply to accommodate a change in their office.  Amy told me if I didn't have my lease signed by Friday, which was received last night, Wednesday, at 8:30, we will be charged for a hold.  I was trying to tell her I need more than one day to read a 30 page lease, she says she can do it in 15 minutes.  Really Amy?  She was rude, telling me I'm upset.  I told her I'm a little confused and irritated but not upset.  She insisted that I was very upset.  Needless to say she was no help.  I call the main office and express my issues and was told Sara (the boss) will call me back.  She promptly calls me back, but the first statement she makes is defending Amy, saying how she's a "sweetie pie."  My response was "maybe to you but she's at the other end of the spectrum in my opinion because she was rude."  Then she proceeds to tell me we have until Monday to sign and return our lease.  Amy threatened me with Friday because they're switching systems and they didn't want anything to fall through the cracks!! So lying to your tenants is okay??  Now I'm a little upset, composed, but a little heated.  I'm trying to get reassurance that I have until Monday to sign and return my lease since I was told Friday.  Here's the doozy, Sara says "well technically you have until Tuesday 11:59PM" to sign and return it.  So I'm lied to over and over again? Really?  I will be reaching out to BBB and CCA simply because people can't get away with lying to their tenants.  Did I mention both of them thought it was okay to hang up on me? Yup, they did.  The thought that such rude, lying, unprofessional employees exists is saddening to me.  UNPROFESSIONAL BOSS EQUALS UNPROFESSIONAL EMPLOYEES.  Take notes Sara, if you think it's okay to be rude and to lie to your tenants, your employees will also think it's okay.
1	Honestly I am not happy with American Homes 4Rent. Beazer Rental homes were the management prior to the change and they were great! The change of ownership for the property I am renting has been less than pleasant. They do not work to show customer appreciation and they seem to have the mentality of "go ahead and move out you are replaceable."  We love our current location and our neighbors but I am considering not renewing our lease.
2	When I first rented an American Homes 4 Rent property at the end of 2011, they had just taken over managing their Tucson properties. I was pleased. Repairs were made promptly, and the home was a good price. About a year later they increased my rent a bit as was expected, but they began charging $125 even if you were one day late on the rent. No grace period. I was late twice, by one day and had to pay the late fee, so I know it's true. Maintenance requests were ignored or I was told to put an urgent request on the online portal. Have you ever tried to live 24 hours without AC in Arizona in July? Then, they wanted to raise my rent again the following year by over $100 dollars, which was more than I was willing to pay for a home of that caliber in Tucson. So, I called and spoke with my newly assigned property manager in Phoenix.  She was nice on the phone. I explained I will be leaving 2 weeks earlier than when my lease expired. I knew I'd have to pay the full months rent, but she said I would be able to get my deposit back sooner than if I waited until the end of the lease to actually vacate the premises. She sent me the move out checklist. I don't have much cash to spare as I am a single parent with a teenaged boy, but being the thorough person I am, I bought a hedge  trimmer and trimmed the 2 bushes in the front yard. I shampooed the very old carpet, I pulled any weeds, raked the rock backyard, and after spending two days cleaning the inside after I moved, I was ready for my inspection. I felt confident I would get my deposit, most of it anyway. Sadly, at the last minute, I couldn't leave work for the final inspection. The inspector said not to worry, they were only looking for damages, not just wear and tear. I even left a photo copy of my original walk through on the counter to be helpful. Two weeks later, I was sent a letter informing me, I would only get a quarter of my deposit back. They claimed things were broken, like doors and cabinetry. They needed to replace numerous light bulbs, none were out when I left the day before. They charged me because they said they had to hire a cleaning crew and professional landscapers. They even charged me to replace the little springs on the back of the doors because they were bent! I demanded photographic evidence and the photos could have been easily staged. Just pull out a drawer and take it off the tract and take a picture, unscrew some lightbulbs and take a picture ...  I never saw evidence of the door that needed repair.   Nothing was truly damaged, but normal consequences of living somewhere for two years. I have never had anything like this happen. I am an excellent tenant and take pride in the place I live. I was extremely dissatisfied with my last year with AH4R.
