4	A good new addition to Edinburgh's Italian restaurant scene. We summed it up: "we think Amarone represents a good addition to the range of Italian eateries in Edinburgh's city centre. So far, we think it lacks a Unique Selling Point, but we may discern that from further exposure to the menu. For now, we think it's a good all-rounder that is likely to please most tastes. How it chooses to define itself to stand out from the crowd, time will tell."
4	Solid food at Amarone.  I was heartbroken when Massimo Edinburgh closed as I loved their food and adored their staff.  You can tell when there are Italians in any kitchen.  Amarone's location and ambiance are certainly a step up from Massimo.  So are the prices...while not expensive, don't expect to walk out of there without your wallet feeling a little lighter.  As a starter, I had the prosciutto with fig and honey.  My friend had the beef carpaccio. Both were adequately done.  I couldn't really taste the honey, but the sweetness of the figs perfectly balanced the slight salty tang of the prosciutto. The carpaccio was great.  For dinner, she had the gorgonzola risotto. It was out of this world.  I had the goat cheese ravioli.  It was fine, but didn't knock my socks off.  The tiramisu almost made me forget the relative blandness of the ravioli. I must point out the pasta, while missing a little something on seasoning, was cooked to absolute perfection.The pancetta peas are NOT to be missed. If I could order a gigantic bowl of those with Amarone's version of garlic bread, I'd be in demi-heaven. The crusty bread DRIPS with butter.  Divine.The house Chianti was above average.Didn't try it but as the pizzas were swept past us to a neighboring table, they looked like plated art.  I'll try one next time I go.*be prepared to pay with cash. Apparently their modem has a tricky connection, and doesn't always work. Luckily my friend had enough green to cover both of us, otherwise, I'd had have to sing for my supper.
4	I always forget about Amarone (I don't really understand how because it's massive and situated at such a prominent corner of George Street), but for some absolute non-reason, I do.I've had several experiences at Amarone, and most of them were positive. In fact, all of them were pretty joyful, with one occasion just having an edge of being slightly amusing, because it was mid-Christmas carnage and I think the staff had all reached a point of delerium, and so had all the squiffy Italian food-desiring punters, so the fact our orders got slightly mixed up and my friend got parmesan scattered all over her pasta shortly after saying "no thank you" to the offered delicacy really didn't matter, because the food was really flavourful anyway. And, as a separate point...who doesn't like parmesan cheese? Having pasta without parmesan is like leaving Thelma without Louise, Bill without Ted, Mario without Luigi... mind running out of famous pairings...but anyway, pasta without parmesan is wrong, and if you don't like it, well, get to like it. It's one of the Italian high gods of cheese.Anyway, some useful details to note about Amarone - the portions are generous, which is handy to know, because I've gone for the set lunch menu twice (which is very reasonably priced) and been pretty full before I'd even got to the main course. The minestrone is very, very tasty, obviously a traditional Italian staple and just the most satisfying, hearty zuppa if it's done properly. Because I'm completely inept at making risotto myself I always tend to try it out in restaurants, and Amarone's risotto with crab meat, tiger prawns and cherry tomatoes is tremendous - top it with some rocket salad, team with it a big glass of white, and you are set for culinary happiness.As I said, the place is huge, and despite being on the main George Street thoroughfare it's a good place to know about if you want impromptu pasta or pizza of decent quality and you've not made a booking, even if it's at the weekend, as you're likely to get a table straight away, or at least not have to linger around for too long. There's a decent bar area where you can enjoy a drink while you're waiting - I'd keep it classic and sip on a Negroni.
3	My experience at Amarone was okay. Not very noteworthy, but I admittedly got a fairly plain meal (night before a half marathon). My penne with tomato sauce and basil was hot and fresh, but nothing spectacular. The side salad consisted of fresh greens and quite a bit of roasted peppers and eggplant. Service was mediocre to slightly neglectful.
3	My saving grace after my walk out of another restaurant. After explaining the situation to the manager upon arrival, they reassured my mum and I we would be taken good care of. Service was extremely friendly, speedy and efficient as usual and the pasta lovely. The spicy sausage penne pasta was the clear winner for me. I do think its a tad overpriced however who am I to squabble over a pound or 2 when the service is so top notch. Exactly what I expect from a restaurant situated in George street though surrounded by competition. It's not somewhere I ever plan to go to or book in advance but on occasion when I want tasty Italian food near that end of town it does the job nicely. It's generally busy with a bustling, George street type atmosphere. It doesn't epitomise the quality of restaurant Edinburgh has to offer but it's worth an impromptu, post shopping pop in.
4	This is an elegant Italian restaurant. The room is really big and noisy. There are families, executives, tourists, everyone is welcome. The food and the service were really good. The food was served very quickly. Although you see waiters running all the time, our waiter took the time to chat a bit and recommend us good dishes. The price quality relation was fair. I recommend this restaurant if you like Italian food.
3	All I am saying is that this place plays with your mind, man. You go down a set of stairs to the bathroom (take a packed lunch, it's an epic trip), and when you pop back out at the top again, you leave through a different door. I didn't even see the door that I came through. I didn't drink anything down there when I was in the lair of the beast, nor did I pick up any cakes labelled 'eat me'. After two shandies, I was a bit concerned about how drunk I was that I didn't recognise where I was, and had to do a shameful sneak around, staying close to the wall, til I figured out my bearings. Very sneaky Amarone, I need me some arrows showing me the way home. I haven't eaten at Amarone yet - but there is a small bar area at the front with table service. For the likes of me who hates going to the bar (yeah, I am one of 'those' girls), it's awesome, but when it's busy, it's a little difficult to get the attention I so readily deserve. However, it was all very pleasant, despite how busy it was (being a Friday night), and despite it felt a bit strange to be drinking in a restaurant. I'll try the food another day.
5	What a great change to the stuffed to the gills, claustrophobic pubs in Edinburgh!  Clean, spacious, and modern inside.Waiters are most likely named Marco (we had Marco #3 of 4), and are transplants from Italy.  A wood fired pizza turns out a perfect pizza - crispy, non-soggy crust, a bit of char, and the tomato sauce balances the mozzarella perfectly.  The Margherita pizza could use more basil, though.The tiramisu was not over soaked, so the lady fingers still held up well and had great texture, and the biscotti was, well, biscotti and not what I though one would garnish with.  I enjoyed it though!Lastly... The drinks are out-of-this-world.  I enjoyed the Amarone Classico.  Champagne, sugar, bitters, amaretto, and brandy.  One was plenty!
4	I love Italian food...and in Edinburgh there is a perception that we lack quality Italian fare. In the main i would have to agree with this however I really do think Amarone is doing their best to fight back against this.On a merry Saturday evening Kasey and I decided we were in need of food having frequented the Guildord arms for a few hours :).The first thing to say is the service is excellent, attentive and polite and always on hand when required.Having veru similar tastes gastronomically I odered for us both, we went for the bruschetta starter followed by the lobster linguini.The starter was huge, two massive piece of bruschetta with fresh tomatos, lots of garlic, rocket and balsamic. Simple and delicious.For the main ....wow!! I am a man that likes his shellfish and his dish was great. Nice al dente pasta with chunks of lobster and tomato with a rich luxurious lobster sauce. NOM!!! Needless to say I was a happy boy. Topped up with a bottle of red than the waitress seemed to constantly have in her hand (I genuinelt didnt have to lift it once) it was a great meal.
5	Best Italian food in Scotland.  Amazing pizza and pizza flatbread.  The scallops wrapped in pancetta was a '10'. Good Italian wine selection, with a reasonably priced and very good Brunello.   Big place with attractive bar and lots of outside seating.  A must-go.
