5	went there for lunch and i had the skirt steak hoagie that came with soup and coleslaw for under 6 bucks. my wife got the fried haddock sandwich which was enough for 3.  food was 5 star. peppersteak soup was very good  and there is plenty oof parking across the st in a city lot. attached bar too that we didnt go to. try it out, its worth it
4	Hambone's is divided into two sections. The restaurant area in the back serves pub-grub like wings, burgers, "hamwiches" and most everything else that's fried or dunked in ranch. Like most pub-grub it's something to eat, not a brush with culinary genius. The bar carries interesting local brews on tap like Rowhouse Red (from Philadelphia) and a couple unusual varieties of Yuengling. However, the best way to illustrate why you need to go to Hambone's at least once in your life is this story.Man to bartender, "I need six shots of Jager!"Bartender, "We ran out."Man (huge incredulous sigh of exasperation), "Out of Jager?!" Bartender, "We ran out 10 minutes ago--sorry!"Man, "Alright...gimme six shots of Rumple Mintze!"Bartender, "We got Rumple Minze!"
4	super cheap beer and deep fried pretzels. what else do you need?
3	Hambone's appears to be just another yinzer bar in Pittsburgh. However, you'll see upon entering that the ladies behind the bar are actually very nice and accommodating and their menu is relatively extensive and delicious.I first went to Hamebone's to drink and was blown away by how attentive the bartender was. She actually came outside (where we decided to sit) and asked us if we needed anything. Very nice, considering she had plenty of business at the counter and could have let us go up when we needed something.The second time was with my neighbor, Tate. He's been in Lawrenceville for over 20 years and personally knows the cook at Hambone's. He talked the place up quite a bit and we finally made it over one afternoon for lunch. It was, quite surprisingly, incredibly good.I've been to Hambone's for dinner as well with Tate and was equally impressed.Don't judge a book by its cover, Hambone's has a lot going on.
1	Ate lunch here one day and the burger was solid, beer was cold.What did me in in terms of probably never going back here was Friday night.  My wife and I sat down and when the waitress came over we were ready to order, she took our order with attitude, and when I said thank you and handed her the menu's she ripped them out of my hands and walked away with out saying anything.  I proceeded to tell her to "lose the fucking attitude" and got up and walked out.  I don't expect A+ service from this place nor an overly enthusiastic wait staff, but don't be rude, rip the menu's from my hand and act like a total bitch.I will never go back here on principle alone.  Kind of a shame, because I like the place.
4	It isn't a dive.  But it isn't fancy.  It... well, it's ... a bar.  We've been there a few times now and I haven't really had anything I didn't like, although there were a few things that stood out more than others...  Firstly, we were pretty disappointed with the Nachos.  They weren't bad, but the portion was really small and the toppings weren't distributed very well.  Instead of the nachos, try the porky fries -- they are DELICIOUS!  We were a bit skeptical at first, but hubby and I fell in love with the mix of cheese and the pulled pork.We've had numerous sandwiches (all good, the HBLT is HUGE and so yummy!), burgers, and daily specials and the food is pretty good.  Tuesdays they have tacos for $1 each and they do a good job of loading up on the meat and toppings.  They rarely have beer specials (at least on a regular weeknight when we're most apt to go), but the beer isn't too expensive to begin with so...The waitresses are nice and we've had the cook come out a few times to make sure we liked our food.  Overall a nice place!Quick tip: If you're... anything other than skinny, you might find it a bit uncomfortable getting into/out of the booths in the main bar area, but they are comfy to sit in once you ARE in.
2	I went to Hambone's on the Saturday of the Lawrenceville Cookie Tour with a group of friends.  One of us had been there before and gave us a four-word review: "Bad service.  Good food."  I'd say he was about three-quarters right.The food was decent.  I got a burger (the one with blue cheese, I forget what their name for it was).  Fine but not spectacular; I wasn't particularly impressed.  The fries were good, as I would expect from a pub-y place like this.  To drink I ordered their hard lemonade and then a Black & Tan.  I enjoyed both and I thought the beer selection was quite good overall.But the service was what really left an impression on us.  After we ordered to a surly waitress, she snapped the menus back with a frown like it was her job.  Remember that scene in Lord of the Rings where Ian Holm jumps at Frodo and his face gets all scary?  Yeah, it reminded me of that.  Then after getting our drinks we didn't see her for a good half hour, which considering her attitude I guess I wasn't opposed to until about half of us finished our glasses.  No check up, no "anyone need another drink," nothing.  After that we got our food, ordered another round of drinks and didn't see her again until she cleared the table and brought the check.  She had earlier asked how we had wanted to get the check, which we first responded with all separate but after seeing the look on her face that that request had caused we quickly changed to "whatever's easiest for you." I guess it's not a good sign when you ramble about the service at a place for twice as long as you talk about the food.  But that's just what Hambone's was for me.  The food was totally forgettable; the service was terrible.  I would've liked to go again and try something different, but I don't feel like playing "try not to aggravate waitress" again anytime soon.
4	If you love fried fish, get the Haddock. It is phenomenal. I also liked the deep-fried pretzel, and the server who was a really nice girl. The interiors are a bit dated, though. But then again, Hambone's seems to attract an older crowd and seems to have been around a good while.  I guess if it 'aint broke...
3	It wasn't my first choice.  Industry Public had an hour wait and Pusadees Garden was closed.  But Hambone's was a sturdy backup plan.  First thing, the service is extraordinary, the people who work here are very nice and work very hard to make sure everything is right.  The food is pretty average, but still better than I was expecting.
5	A five-star local bar. We came for a beer (looking pretty dusty and beat because we are rehabbing a house around the corner) and we stayed for a meal. Have been back often. All we expected was bar food and we have had meals that are inventive and carefully prepared. We always feel welcome in the mixed-age crowd. We are curious about the live entertainment and game nights, but haven't been yet due to exhaustion from the construction process. Best meals are sandwiches.
5	This place is my favorite bar in all of Lawrenceville. It is not uppity or pretentious at all. It is one of the only old time Lawrenceville bars in the area. When I was unemployed I came to Hambone's ever day to use the free internet, order a cup of tea, and maybe an appetizer. The waitress/waiters were friendly and nice, even though they knew that I wouldn't be ordering much. They even offered tips on where/how to appy. Everytime someone comes to visit me I try to take them to Hambone's. The atmosphere is just fantastic. Yeah, it might be a little run down, but that is the best part!Drinks and food are cheap and good! They have live music and comedy nights throughout the week.Stop in, you won't be disappointed.
4	We randomly ended up here while driving through Pittsburgh. We absolutely loved it!! I had the Pittsburgh style salad with buffalo chicken.... One of the best salads I've had in awhile! The house burger was too big to be true (see photo), but to die for! Service was great! Only complaint was the meat to bun ratio on the cheese steak sandwich.
4	I came here for a late bite on Restaurant week, and man -- wicked good Mac and Cheese. Made with melty, creamy Gouda, and with bacon liberally mixed in, this stuff is the real deal. Also, for an extra couple bucks, I had a mountain of pulled pork heaped on top. It was like an extra meal on top of my meal, and man, did it satisfy. The only thing holding me back from 5-starring this place is that my and my wife's drinks weren't great. Cheap, and served promptly, but a vodka-soda and a Tom Collins aren't exactly what I'd deem "hard to nail." Still, I would eat here again in a heartbeat. Great bar food.
5	Ill give Hambones a 5/5 just because of its spectacular Taco Tuesday. At only $1 a Taco (and with vegetarian options) it caught my attention. I was skeptical of the quality at first, but after going for 2 months straight.. It's official.. IM ADDICTED!P.S Angela the Waitress is da bombbb
5	I love this place. Good food, decent drink prices, and different things going on throughout the week. The people who work here are always so friendly even when it is packed. Good place to stop for lunch or stop for a few drinks on a Saturday night!
3	I've only been to Hambone's twice and I would probably not go on my own volition. But when I have gone, it's been exactly as the rating suggests: 'a-ok'.The first time I made the mistake of ordering a draft beer. While I've seen other do it since with better results, my Big Hop was cloudy, off-tasting, and definitely suggesting of unclean tap lines. Their bottle selection isn't half bad so I have stuck to that with better results since my initial stumble. I haven't tried the food, but it looks like decent bar fare. There are darts and games in the back if you're into that.
4	I haven't eaten here yet, so I'm solely reviewing the bar.  I always have a great time when I pop in.  Jeff and Lindsey behind the bar are super fun and friendly.  Drink prices are decent and I love the karaoke every other Sunday.  I'll add more once I eat here!
2	I'm in a brunch club so I end up exploring brunch in un-brunch-like places.  Sometimes you're pleasantly surprised, sometimes you learn why a place isn't known for brunch.  Unfortunately, Hambone's falls into the latter. Our table of nine made up half of those dining at the time.  No real atmosphere here. It was pretty bland, as was the food.  I had a pulled pork eggs Benedict. Sounds odd, right?  It was. Think English muffin with a fried egg and pulled pork scooped on it.  Was served with beautiful looking potatoes that were sadly lukewarm.  Really pretty though.  Our food came out one by one in probably a span of twenty minutes.  I was served first and was actually finished by the time the last person got their meal.  And they weren't busy.  At all. Not sure what the kitchen was doing.  On a scale of 1-10 I give my Bloody Mary a 4.5.  Hey, it's Winter Olympics right now. Why not throw out a half point?
2	Well... I'm surprised they offer a brunch menu. I actually only thought it was a bar. Come to find out they have a dining room next door. Seems kind of like a diner. Which brings me to my next point. It was okay diner food. The brunch menu actually looked pretty promising with some delicious looking breakfast sandwiches. Since I wanted something a bit lighter, I went with the omelet loaded with veggies and cheddar cheese. I didn't realize it came with potatoes until I got it in front of me. Plus toast. Which is nice, but I wish I would have been told from my server so I could have ordered wheat... if they had it. The omelet was okay, but the veggies were still kinda hard, like it wasn't cooked very long. And the homefries weren't very crispy, which in my opinion is the best way to do them. So here's the weird thing. Everyone ended up getting their food in shifts. We had a party of 8, so it was pretty large, but we were literally the only party in there other than another four top. First shift got their breakfast sandwiches. They'd eaten most of their meal by the time the second shift got their waffles. The third shift was 3 people who'd ordered omelets. It just seemed odd that it took so long in between. I wouldn't have noticed much if it was by a few minutes. But it was a good fifteen or more. It wasn't horrible, because there was good company, but it definitely wasn't the best service I'd had. Not sure about the bar area of Hambone's, but I probably wouldn't come back for brunch.
5	This place is real. Hambones has character and a soul. It was here long before Lawrenceville was cool and will be here long after. Great cheap drinks, great service, great food. A place you can feel normal and happy at. If you are sick of all of the gastropubs and prohibition era cocktail bars filling up Lawrenceville, give Hambones a shot. Get a hamburger and a cheap beer and it will make your day so much better.
2	Stopped in here as soon as we touched down in Lawrenceville, out of the creepiest cab ride I have ever been on in my life. To my dismay, the band was super loud and disorienting me when I walked in, turns out they were talking about vaginas to the weirdest crowd ever. I was cool with it then. It was St. Patty's parade day, anything goes I guess. Definitely more of a redneck crowd, which is where my roots lie, so no complaints here. You're usual run of the mill, musty smelling bar. They had Columbus IPA, wet the whistle with that then was on to the next place.
3	I  would not have written a review for this place if it did not just the other day provide me with the best steak salad I have had in Pittsburgh. It was a fccukdng good steak salad. Seriously. I want it right now. I have had the nachos, meh, the tacos, meh but the steak salad people, is something not to be missed. Also, for everyone who has driven passed this place and assumed it to be a total dive on the inside, it actually has a nice cruise-ship like atmosphere complete with a stage and mirrors in an almost formal dining room. Who whouldda knew?
4	We came here for dinner and this place felt like home to me. Not fancy, not renovated, full of people keeping to themselves having a good time, GREAT music (no pop tarts here) and friendly staff. It's a bar/restaurant and it's all basic, good food. Our waitress was friendly and attentive and they gave us our drinks in mason jars which only made it more awesome to me.
2	Very slow service in an empty restaurant, average food.
1	Overall:  If you're going for a show, great, go, support local Pittsburgh artists, please.  If you're going for food and/or mixed drinks, don't.  Just get a beer, because anything more advanced is beyond the staff's abilities.  Details:  Two friends and I went there for dinner on a Saturday night.We came in because we were enticed by the chicken pot pie special advertised on the sandwich board on the sidewalk (even though none of us ordered that particular dish).  While the big TV in the corner of the dining area wasn't ideal, there weren't any other customers (which should have tipped us off), but we figured we could get a quick bite and be on our way to a party that started around 8:30 at a different Lawrenceville establishment.During the course of our time there (about 45 minutes total), only 2-3 other parties came in.  The server had no more than four tables the whole time we were there, so the poor service we received can not be excused as him being overwhelmed by customers.When I asked what type of Pinot Grigio was available, the server replied:  "What do you mean?"  I elaborated and explained: "You know, like, Ecco Domani, Fisheye, what brand?"  He told me he didn't know, and went to check.  By the time he got back, I had found on the drink menu that Yellowtail was the brand that was carried, which I don't care for, so I ordered a "Moses," which was awful, but I didn't complain, and he didn't ask. I admit, I am a somewhat "particular" customer.  When I placed my order, I told the server I was a bit "difficult," and after taking my order, he replied that it wasn't difficult at all.  He lied.I ordered the Dublin Club and added a side salad for $1 upcharge.  I asked the server if I could have the sandwich dry, with mustard on the side, and substitute Swiss cheese for the American cheese that came on it, and he replied: "Maybe, I'll have to see if we have Swiss cheese," to which I replied, "Oh, well, I figured you did, since it's an ingredient on other sandwiches on the menu."  I wasn't trying to be argumentative or flippant, just logical.  I also told the server that I didn't want to see any onions anywhere on any of my food.  At this time I also pointed out that our table didn't have any flatware.When the server brought my side salad there were chopped onions on it, and he still hadn't brought us our flatware roll-ups, so I had to remind him about that again.Although the Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing was decent, the salad was wilty and tasted like it had been made the day before and left to sit in the fridge.When my club arrived, I lifted the bread and saw mayonnaise, so I took the plastic ramekin of mustard which was in the basket and sent the sandwich back.  My companions began to eat their food.  By the time they were halfway done, the second sandwich came out, and the server did apologize for my wait.  My second sandwich had American cheese AND Swiss cheese on it.  I peeled the American cheese (which I had specifically requested not be on my sandwich in the first place) off, stuck it on the table, and proceeded to eat.My one friend ordered the Pittsburgh salad, which he said was okay, but there were only 6-7 fries on it, and my other friend ordered pretzels, which she said were alright.When we got the bill, I was further irritated by the fact that we were charged $1 for the Swiss cheese on my Dublin club.  If there was going to be an upcharge for the type of cheese I wanted, I would've just gotten it without cheese.  It was irresponsible customer service on the server's part not to inform me of that.The server was somewhat pleasant, but he clearly had little knowledge of the menu, didn't seem to know how to get an order to and from the kitchen correctly, and had to be reminded twice that the customers needed roll ups.I refused to leave more than a 10% tip and, since there isn't a way to get to a manager through the website, I actually took the time to print out and snail-mail a letter of complaint.
