4	Finally somewhere awesome to eat and hang in the somewhat seedy area of St Laurent and St Catherine's. Located in the SAT (upstairs), the Food Lab is innovative, interesting, laid back and as sharp as its location. Able to experiment, create themes, the wonderfully run open kitchen is amazing. And affordable. I was there during the Japanese Izakaya theme, and shared most of the plates, though you want to get your own - because portions are great for one, and you won't want to share once you put what they got in your face. So, we started with the homemade silken tofu app - with chili oil and nori that melts in your mouth. Alongside this was the insanely amazing shitake salad with succulent dried persimmon. For a main we both went with the rice bol - with not fried, but  baked (and still tasted like crackling) chicken skin, a poached egg, seaweed and braised pork. Come on people. Pure flavour overload. After that - because we needed to try more - we backtracked to the apps again to go after the dashi. Seafood, in a beautiful little broth. Hard to share, as we both wanted to stick our faces into it. And with 2 good wine recomms, this was a hit in my stomach. Very laid back, you order at the counter, the chefs serve you, and you leave wonderfully satisfied after a little taste of divinity. So go.
4	Friday I finally tried LABO, I knew of it before it opened and have been unlucky in the only time I came upon it while it was open was right after I'd had dinner. The subsequent visits there were closed due to private functions.I was not disappointed. I found that the menu under sells the food. The Braised Lamb shoulder sandwich with raquette, grape tomato, spanish onion and fresh herbs is more of a pizza than sandwich. You couldn't get fresher flat bread as it is grilled just prior to the composition of the open-faced sandwich.This evening's theme was Summer in Southern Italy - true to this - the ingredients were fresh & of the finest quality.The have a reasonably selection of wines by the glass.For dessert the Strawberries and Whipped Ricotta was more; yes there were Quebec strawberries, small raspberries and blackberries with ricotta but they sat on a golden Olive Oil cake (prepared with Semolina giving it an almost nutty texture).The presentation of the plates equaled the flavour of the plates - the eyes feasted as well.I will be back.
4	Labo is located up the stairs within a building that we can only assume as artists/ tech studio.Staff was friendly and explained that the restaurant also hosts many launches and private functions. We caught a glimpse of the private function area, and immediately knew that this place takes amazing transformations throughout the year.The restaurant had bar area, open kitchen, and a beautiful balcony area.We enjoyed our meal thoroughly, the restaurant's hip vibe was nice, and our antipasti had just the right mix and balance.
2	I feel bad giving this place only 2 stars, but I had a really awful meal here on Friday evening and my date and I left severely disappointed. I had been here once before and knew that the theme rotated and that the menu could be somewhat restricted and was fine with that. One this evening, it was poached salmon with some vegetables as part of the prix fixe. The starter soup was ok, nothing special. The main course was the poached salmon. It arrived wrapped in parchment paper with some overcooked potatoes on the side. The salmon itself was extremely bland and undercooked. The only saving grace of this meal was the wine pairing and the dessert.To add to our disappointment, we ordered a latte to go with dessert and it arrived room temperature at best. I love the concept of this place, the venue, the prices and how friendly everyone is, but I could have made that salmon at home and it would have been better.
4	My partner and I tried Foodlab's Mongolian inspired menu this week and had a great experience.  Although I don't think authenticity is a top concern, I loved the bold flavours as well as discovering new ingredients and combinations.  The service was very professional and attentive.  A really great experience overall!
4	We ate here yesterday for CultMTL's birthday party, so the options were limited. But they had a bunch of sandwiches/sald. I tried the pulled pork (super yummy) and my wife tried the vegetarian which she really liked.It's a cool spot, though yesterday was very crowded. I'd be intrigued to visit again though. Yummy food, rooftop, and beer, are all yes yes yes to me.
