3	I have had good customer service at the admitting desk, one of the PA's is not very nice at all. Another PA told me that she could not help me but did not assist with referring me to a different doctor. For my allergy treatment, the PA Derek has been spot on.
1	When the office contacted me to remind me of the appointment, they asked for my ex-husband.  I told them the appointment was for me.  The next day they called again asking for my ex-husband because my insurance couldn't be verified (because I have different insurance than my husband).  Again, I told them the appointment was for me.  When I went in for my appointment, they stood in front of me holding my ex-husband's file saying my insurance can't be verified.  Now a 3rd time, I reminded them I wasn't my ex-husband.  They called me up to fill out paperwork ten minutes later with my husband's name on the paperwork!!!!  Can we say HIPAA violation?They asked me for a copayment twice before realizing that my insurance doesn't require a co-payment for a physical.  Why do I have to educate insurance verification staff?After I waited 1 hour and 15 minutes to see Dr. Sink, she rudely interrupted me as I was describing my symptoms and said if I wanted to talk about health issues, I needed to make another appointment and pay a copay,  this visit was for a physical only.  I offered to pay the co-payment so I wouldn't have to wait such a long time. She said my appointment time has already been booked as soon as the office realized I was a physical only patient.She then went on to give me a lab form for blood work with my maiden name on the form.  I had a name change 4 years ago and have been to that office since the change.I will never return to this office.
1	STAY AWAY!!!Where to start... I had an appointment with Danielle Sink, looking for a new primary care provider. I showed up to the office(which is poorly marked) before my appointment time(showed up to office approx 4:20, appointment was at 4:30). The first thing that I noticed upon walking into the office is there was quite a few people in the waiting room and the atmosphere was extremely tense. This was my first warning sign, but I decided to see how it would go.I started filling out forms at which point the provider asked for a $2 service charge for using a credit card... This was my second warning sign and this is the first place I have ever been that charged this fee(which is against the Visa merchant agreement for processing credit cards).About 5 minutes into the wait, a patient with a different doctor asked the nurse who was bringing another patient back how long it would be(they appeared to have been waiting for a while) and was rudely told by the nurse that she worked with a different doctor and had no idea how long the wait would be, with no offer to find out how long it would be or any assistance of any kind(this was at approximately 4:35).Then, after waiting about 15 minutes, another patient with the same doctor I was visiting went to the front and told them that they had been waiting for approximately 45 minutes and was wondering how long the wait would be, the office said that it would only be another 15 minutes(this was at around 4:40).I waited until about 4:55 until I decided that I wanted to get an accurate time on how long the wait was(again, the appointment was at 4:30 and I had scheduled dinner with my father at 6:00pm) and was told by the receptionist that it would be at least 30 more minutes. At this point I decided that I was going to leave and that I wasn't comfortable with the way the patients were treated. I asked respectfully that they credit my card the $17 for the copay and that I would find a different provider. This point they said that they could see me immediately and I responded that I wasn't comfortable with using this doctors office.At this point they became very rude with me and said they could not refund the copay and that if I were to leave they would charge me a missed appointment. I asked to speak with the office manager at which point I was told that I couldn't since she was busy. I was asked to leave a note and I detailed that I wanted a refund on my copay and they were *NOT* to charge my insurance company for any services, since none were rendered and that if they tried to bill me for a missed appointment that I would take appropriate action.I received a call about 1 hour after my appointment which was calling to see if I had left and if so I was going to miss my appointment.I looked at my credit card statement and they haven't issued a refund nearly 4 business days later. This is my personal experiences with this doctors office and needless to say I will never be visiting them again. Should be interesting if they try to bill me for a missed appointment or try to charge my insurance company(which would be fraud).EDIT 7/23/13:They have now charged me for a missed visit fee, deducting the copay that they collected and refused to refund(which means I was physically present). Amazing business... I would give them -5 stars if I could.
1	$2.00 to use your credit or debit card, even if it's your fsa/hsa card. Appointments needed for refills. Often they will only give you a months worth and demand you follow up with another appointment, even for maintenance drugs. Multiple times they have tried to overcharge me for my copay. Have had two of my PCPs quit the office without a heads up, so I keep changing onsite doctors. Sometimes hard to get Dr note for work. Lab next door closed down so now 1 tech runs a humble lab onsite. Long wait times but that is not uncommon, in my experience.
1	Was being treated for massive headaches  long term with tylenol and vocoden, I changed to another local doctor to discover I had a7cm cancerous brain tumor.  Lucky it was still operabke. My doc, nobody on staff attemptwd any contact wirh me to find out where I went, why, or what happened.I'm lucky to be alive ...
1	My wife came in to discuss migraines, a lump in her breast, and to look for help losing weight. We drove 2 hours to get there and specifically requested a longer appointment because there were several issues and we live in a remote town. NP Marsha Evans did nothing but lecture her on eating too much, and she already considers eating poorly eating 1200 to 1500 calories per day. She has PCOS and other issues which cause weight loss to be horribly difficult, but she would hear none of this. Her basic answer was "well, if you have to eat 700 calories a day than that is what you have to do." Even though every other doctor we have ever seen and all the research we have ever seen has said that a starvation diet like that should be done only under strict supervision and with supplements and a specific plan. We came there to GET A PLAN AND SUPERVISION! What we got was a lecture and shoved out of the office! Even worse, she literally used Nazi concentration camp victims and Ethiopians as an example of how eating less works to lose weight, period. No kidding, what we were looking for was a HEALTHY plan, not the Nazi diet. Want to talk about the lump in her breast?  Sorry, you need another appointment, day off work, and two hour drive for that. Want to talk about debilitating migraines? Sorry, that requires yet another appointment. Want to be berated and talked down to again and given a one-size-fits-all boilerplate answer that makes you feel like doctors just do not listen or care? Absolutely! Please see the front desk to schedule your next humiliation. NP Marsha Evans is the definition of a bad health care provider, with her ears shut, her mouth open, her mind made up before getting even a small portion of the information, and a time-table that is more important than the health of her patients.Looking at other reviews, and with our own experience, it is clear that they are trying to make up for falling profits by nickel and diming patients to death and providing no customer service.  Maybe if they focused on patients needs they would stop seeing them leave in droves and would not have to treat them like numbers, and stupid numbers at that.
1	RUN, run away while you're still breathing! My daughter was seen by Dr. Sink for heaviness in the chest, coughing, and unable to catch her breath after being treated 2 wks before for bronchitis. A chest X-Ray was ordered and completed on a Friday. It is now one week later and we can't get Dr. Sink or anyone to call us back with the results. My daughter has resorted to using a friends inhaler in order to breath! It is apparent that Dr. Sink could care less about her patients and is only interested in packing her waiting room for the head count $$$ as evidenced by the 2 hour wait that seems to be the norm. The office staff is rude and the doctor is careless and dangerous - so RUN FAST to another doctor for medical care!
1	There are so many things wrong with this office, 1st the front office staff and Medical assistants looked miserable and never once greeted me. 2nd I saw a NP and explained that I needed my asthma medication refilled. I also asked her about some hyper-pigmentation on my face that has really started to bother me, I read in several places that hydroquinone cream is a first line treatment for darkening of this skin. The NP kept going back and forth talking to the doctor for about an hour, when I started to question her she said she was a NP in training and that her supervising physician does not want her to prescribe this face cream for me(you would have though I was requesting pain meds from the way she was treating me). this medication. Oh and instead of giving me my normal asthma RX that i always get they decided to change it to QVAR which turned out to be A LOT more expensive and I couldnt even fill the prescriptionso to sum in up, I waited forever, never got greeted, and left empty handed with no good explanation as to why
1	If I could give less than one star, I would. I am an MD myself, and I have never seen such poor care from start to finish. I went to the appointment with my father and although we arrived on time, we waited for 2 hours The doctor, Dr. Sink,  was not familiar with my father, his care, or the consultants care. When I asked her about his lung nodule and what they were going to do next, She asked him "what did the pulmonary doctor tell you", since she did not know or remember that he even had a lung nodule. She did not know his medications or the dose and had to leave the room to look it up on the pharmacy web site. She also missed the tear in his knee. We filled out a request that for his medical records and paid. We were told it would be 6-8 weeks. We never received them. Called today and they say no record of of the request.  I am not surprised since they are the most disorganized doctors office I have ever seen. Charts are everywhere, the office is filthy and they are grossly understaffed. And the doctor is TERRIBLE.
1	Ive been here a few times and I keep giving them chances because the location is super convenient and the nurse I saw, Donna, was fantastic, and Dr Sink was OK.  However, the front office is ridiculously rude and unapologetically incompetent.  My first visit, they kept me waiting in the exam room for 75 minutes after my appointment time before someone came in and took my vitals, and another 15 minutes before the doctor came in.  After I switched insurance, I made a specific trip there to give them my new card so things would go smoothly, then got a bill from them and had to go back and explain that they billed the old insurance.  I work in medicine & know shit happens, so I went in there not really bothered, but when I walked to the front desk and said hi, the receptionist made an annoyed face and kept typing for another 10 seconds before asking what I needed.  I was furious at that point and asked to speak to the office manager, and she just slapped a piece of paper on the counter and said I needed to write my complaint down (I'm guessing from that, they're used to complaints).  When I ignored the form and explained my bill, she said they had billed my insurance right, and then someone who was likely the manager materialized, apologized, and said they would rebill my new insurance.  Last visit, I told the receptionist I had an appointment to get to & could I just get in and get my prescription really quick?  She shrugged in a bored way and said she didn't know how long it would take.  When 25 minutes past my appointment went by and I was thinking of leaving, the nurse came up and said she thought I had no-showed and she happened to find my file.  Front office clearly can't communicate and no one is holding them to doing their job competently.  The nurse was great and got my prescription as fast as she could, but there is absolutely no reason for her to sweat and stress because someone else can't do their job right.  The only reason at all they get one more chance is because it's super close to me and the nurse had a fantastic attitude.  It's a hassle to find someplace else, but if you're looking for a doctor, I'd suggest passing these guys up.EDIT-  LOL I didn't read other reviews first because I didn't want them to bias me.  Looks like I dodged a bullet since I only went in for my usual Rx, not actual medical advice.  I believe the other reviews 100% after what I've seen from 3 visits and I'm looking for another doctor ASAP!
