4	What can I say?Unless you're on the board of directors of the American Dairy Council or you have a child that wants to go to the University of Wisconsin, by all means, stay here.If not, I have NO idea why you would even be here.Why was I there?  Neither of the above and that's about all I am gonna give up.  Rural.
5	To the previous reviewer, let me answer the question if "why stay here?". The answer is - when you have training at a multi-million dollar healthcare IT software facility named EPIC - that's why.I've traveled to Madison, WI four times for Epic training.  Fortunately, I've stayed at this Holiday Inn three of those times.  This is the absolute best place to stay.  They've got an excellent beer and snacks "Happy Hour" on Wednesdays.  The staff really does treat you like family.  The van drivers will bend over backwards to drive you wherever you need to go.  This place is my home away from home when I travel from Seattle, WA to Madison, WI for EPIC training
5	Nothing but wonderful things to say about the Holiday Inn Express in Verona.  Like alot of others who stay here, I'm here for EPIC training.  First of all, the staff deserves a standing ovation for their amazing service.  Everyone is willing to stop and drop what they're doing if it means helping you.  Shuttle service is superb!  You never wait more than 10 minutes for these guys.  Tuesday and Wednesday they serve up some free local beers, wines and cheeses, and there's usually a pretty decent video game of bowling or dancing going.  They've got a giant book of menus for local restaurants, AND they take you to them once you've decided on a place.  Each time I've stayed here, I've had a great experience. Bottom line is if you're in Verona, this should be your ONLY option.
5	The staff and service could not be better. They will not only shuttle you to/from airport and Epic, but to shopping and dining, no problems, no waiting. The happy hours with local beers are a treat. The staff is always friendly, always willing to help. And all of this in a location that gives you the shortest commute possible to Epic. I won't stay anywhere else.
5	Great choice for Epic training.- Free wifi- Free HBO- Breakfast- Clean rooms- Pool jacuzzi gym- Good food at Jordandal across the street- Outstanding customer service- Gave me complimentary shaving items I needed- Shuttle for airport, epic hq, so no need for a carBe back for sure.
5	Wow... This hotel definitely blew my mind during my four night stay. I was so impressed, so I would highly recommend this Holiday Inn Express & Suites to anyone looking to stay in the area. Without a corporate rate here, it could get a little expensive, but with or without one you definitely won't regret it. I've definitely been extremely pleased with the facilities and customer service here. Staff was super friendly, super accommodating, and super awesome. I feel that alone would have garnered a 5/5 for this particular hotel. To expand upon this, imagine smiling staff greeting you every time to leave and return to the hotel. Imagine those working in the breakfast area always smiling and making heartwarming conversations with you. Imagine that while making rounds on the hotel floors, the staff would also ask how you're doing and how your stay is. Imagine a call on your last night asking if you'd like a right to the airport. In fact, my wife had to leave a day earlier than myself. She needed a ride to the Megabus bus stop past downtown, which isn't a normal shuttle route established my Holiday Inn Express & Suites. Yet, they were so nice and accommodating and took her there. Now, in ADDITION to the great customer service, slap on free breakfast, complimentary shuttle service for business and to/from the airport, free wi-fi and wired internet, expanded cable TV, a mini computer lab with a printer, resident happy hour, complimentary toiletries and supplies, a swimming pool and fitness room, and large suite rooms. The list goes on... and they made me an extremely happy customer.
5	Very impressed with this hotel, we got lucky and they had one cancellation leaving us a room for the night. Very clean, well organized, and nice complimentary breakfast Would definitely reccommend
5	We stayed here for our three year anniversary. First we were greeted by very friendly staff member Emily who was super sweet and very helpful! The rooms were very clean. The beds were comfy! Lots of good channels to choose from. Free wifi that worked great! Pretty decent free breakfast and the yummy cookies in lobby. Would definitely stay at again and would highly recommend.
4	Great people,  awesome breakfast, its like a Holiday Inn with people that care
5	This place is just totally wonderful!  I was given a complimentary upgrade to a HUGE suite, that was totally clean, and comfortable!  I laid down on the bed, and the next thing I knew I was waking up fully rested!  Upon arrival...I was greeted by the staff as if I had known them all my life, and was a family member being welcomed home!  Great smiles from everyone, and every response was fantastic ...warm, and positive! I believe every hotel staff in the world needs to experienced a stay at this hotel, to learn how it's done!  The van staff are wonderful, and ask you do you want to go out to eat, and couldn't be more accommodating!  Whenever I need to return to Epic, the first thing I will do, is to find out what days this hotel is available, and then make my reservations to revolve around those dates!  I have traveled for many years, in the states and out of the country, and this place bests everywhere I have ever been!
5	Don't let the fact that this is a holiday inn fool you. My job sent me out to Madison for epic training for TWO WEEKS. I thought it was going to be brutal. But this hotel really goes out of their way to make your stay there as comfortable as possible :)What really puts them above other hotels is their complimentary shuttle ride service. All the drivers i met were really friendly and cheery. They picked my coworker and I up from the airport after a grueling day of traveling (ugh delta) to bring us to the hotel. But the best thing about this hotel is their proximity to epic.. It's only a seven minute shuttle ride to and from epic! It was such a luxury to be able to take your time getting ready and eating in the morning. Some people stayed in hotels closer to downtown which would be at least a half hour drive back and forth. After classes their shuttle can also take you to different restaurants around Madison (not to the downtown restaurants because they are far but they can take your partway and you can call a cab for the rest of the way. But there are a lot of other great options not downtown so I didn't mind this). My coworkers rented a car for Madison but we ended up using the shuttle service instead for getting dinner so she can enjoy a glass of wine with her meal. And finally on my last day of training I was taking a bus to Chicago and I wAs able to arrange it so that the shuttle could bring me to the bus stop.It seriously was the best customer service!Other great things about this holiday inn is that on tues and wed they offer a happy hour after training ends where they have free beer, cheese, and games. It also gives you and opportunity to meet and talk to other guests who are also there for the same thing you are , epic. They also offer a hot breakfast with eggs and meats since epic only feeds you cereal parties and fruit so my coworkers and I always ate breakfast at the hotel. The hotel staff was great; always willing to answer your questions and greeted  me whenever I walked into the hotel. And I had no complaints about my room which was clean. I also want to mention I forgot my toothpaste but they gave me a small tube from downstairs. Anyways this is the best customer service I have ever received from a hotel! And I would definitely stay here again or would recommend it to anyone staying in Madison for training :)
