5	Outstandingly ( Is that a word?) fantastic staff, ( Howdy Phillip and gang), great cupcakes, best peach Ice Tea Eva, and from what I hear the Sangria is to die for. (I was done drinking for the night) I went to a Yelp Elite Event and part of our tour was a stop here. I have been wanting to hit their QC Grove location for a while now. I will definitely have to do that. The shop part has the strangest, wonderful, and most delightful olives, oils, and beauty products. Chocolate or Bacon Olive Oil anyone? lol
5	I've been out to the actual Queen Creek Olive Mill and it's a wonderful place for a day trip. If you don't live out in Queen Creek, it's a bit far though if you're craving something from their cafe or want to purchase some of their products. Behold! There is the Biltmore location that sells Queen Creek olive oils and vinegars as well as products made with their olive oil. They also have a cafe that sells delicious goodies-we got to sample some of their olive oil cupcakes! Their products make great gifts too when you want to give someone a local AZ product! Glad to know this store is here!
4	Even though I have never been to their actual mill at Queen Creek, I do love their olive oils and will purchase them whenever I see them at a farmers market or gourmet store. It was really cool to see that they have this store in UNION that has their full line of products. At least I think so. They had A LOT of stuff, anyway. I bought some of the spicy olives that they had available to sample since they were just so yummy and also after trying a handful of the dozen or so oils they had out to try ended up selecting the bacon and white truffle flavors to take home with me. YUM! I have already broken open the bacon olive oil to drizzle on some butternut squash ravioli I got at Sprouts and it was D-LISH!
5	Loved! Loved! Loved!  . . . this little shop is in the new Union at the Biltmore on Camelback.  It is small, but so many wonderful olive oil products are there for you to smell, taste and buy. I loved the little tasting table in the middle where you can actually smell and taste a variety of their olive oils. I settled on two on my last visit:1. A Gourmet dipping olive oil - so incredibly good with French bread!2. A Chocolate olive oil - bought it for a friend who is a great cook and likes to experiment with new recipes. Also picked up a recipe for chocolate cake made with the chocolate olive oil for her.Next time I'm in I want to try one of their olive oil soaps. Just imagine how delightful they would feel on your skin in this dry climate.  Must give it a try.Across the aisle at their sister store you can find cupcakes made with the different oils. Worth a try.Love to cook? Love to eat healthy? Love your olive oil to be fresh? Then, by Jove, this is your place.  A taste of Italy right from Queen Creek, Arizona.
5	We went to the Olive Mill with our 2 kids to enjoy some local food based on the recommendation of my brother in law.  I am from a small town so the ma and pa atomsphere was a refershing spin.  I am from Chandler - aka chain city.  There was also live music and the food was great.  It's a great place to escape to if you are up for a drive and in the mood for a relaxing local food joint.
