1	Good wine and drink selection. Good deserts. Have eaten there 3 times. Last time contracted food poisoning and restaurant denied that could have happened. Funny that my girlfriend and I ate the same thing-Lamb, and we both were pretty sick that night and the next day. Owners were called and they said they would reimburse us (ie: check will be in the mail). Never received a check.  We then wrote a letter to them and still were not reimbursed. Shame that they do not stand behind  (pun intended) their product.
3	We've eaten here a couple of times and the food is good, the service is not bad, but nothing stands out as special or memorable about the place. It's the sort of place that we might stop in if we are close by but it's not on our list of favorite restaurants. It gets rather crowded when Mix at Six and other outdoor events are going on at Ballantyne Village.
2	Two stars is probably over-generous...I can't believe I spent nearly 20 bucks for a meal that would have tasted much better (and cost less) at Arby's.  Seated quickly but no napkin/silverware. I went and got my own napkin/silverware eventually, AFTER the food arrived.  SLOWWWWWW waitress. I was just about to give up and leave when she finally noticed me. Not an impressive selection of beers, IMO. Got the french dip sandwich au jus.  Bread was meh. Meat smelled and tasted slightly "off". Bit tough. Fries were good. Check slow to arrive. Didn't feel extremely welcome. The hostess was a bit brusque, perhaps b/c she was having to rush around and do things that the wait staff should do? Not sure. They seemed understaffed. Really disappointed. Wanted to treat myself to a fun little meal at somewhere cool. Just lost money.
4	I just relocated to Ballantyne from Miami. My roommate took me to this spot my third day here. I loved the food. Reasonably priced for the portions. I had the lobster risotto....it was AMAZING!!!! My friend had a chicken dish, served with bacon risotto. Also very good. The drinks were so so. The service was bad. Our server would disappear for lenghty periods of time. At one point the mgr had to help us out. But none the less it was good....actually headed there for dinner tonight!
1	The only reason I was here on a Wednesday night was to see a friend of mine play his music.  We were supposed to have a low key evening and catch up on old times, but sadly this did not occur.  Not once, but twice, I was accosted by drunken patrons at the bar.  Both obviously intoxicated beyond normal measure and both attempting to instigate a fight.  In any other bar I've been in Charlotte the security would have swooped in to neutralize the situation.  Not here.  Also, I would have expected the bartenders to have "cut off" these individuals a long time ago.  Again, not the case as these miscreants were still drinking after our altercation.If it weren't for the sober friend in their group this night would have ended on a sour note indeed.  When management finally decided to intervene it was only well after the situation had been diffused on its own.  This is not the kind of crowd I expected in Ballantyne and certainly not the kind of evening I expected at the Village Bistro.Until they get a better handle on their unruly patrons I would strongly recommend you avoid this place at all costs.  The Fox & Hound is just across the street and I have yet to get into a fight there.
3	UPDATE JUNE 2011 - NOW CLOSED. Soon to be Terrace Cafe's second location.
