3	I'm as afraid to write this review as I was to admit:...My love for Anne Murray songs..."I cried a tear, you wiped it dry..."...How sometimes I chew my toenails off...(and save them for salad toppings.)...That yes, once, once for a year or so, I smoked Capris Ultra Lights. Menthol. 120s. But I went to Olive Garden. And I enjoyed it. Stuffed mushrooms. Better than Oregano's. Fettuccini Alfredo...sauce clinging to noodles like The Hills girls to their careers....just barely and not smothering. The infamous salad...you know what?...quite good and with those galdarn breadsticks, almost orgasmic. Rickie's Marsala chicken...perfect...really! I had generic wine with great service and left very happy. Shout out to Stephanie especially who served and put up with a gaggle of urbanites in tacky paper tiaras. And a mini shout out to Susan who assisted for putting up with the gang but not having quite the mojo as Stephanie. Olive Garden. Ugh. Don't make fun of me for eating here. Don't reprimand me for clogging yelp with a tacky chain review. Just don't! I had fun. We ate. Even took home leftovers. I'm from Minnesota and have no idea what authentic Italian food is. I'm SURE this isnt' it. And those who complain that it's not are clearly delusional. IT'S NOT. But tonight was a blast and worthy of a solid 3.5 star review. Thank you for dining with us this evening and have a good night.
2	My food experience was just so strange and terrible at the same time. The breadsticks reminded me of Fazoli's.  Anyone remember that place?  Remember the breadsticks?  Ya, they were stale, dry, and overly absorbent of the saliva inside my mouth.  They were not, however, rock hard, so I consider the breadsticks a wash.  The salad was heavy on the onions, easy on the ANYTHING ELSE.  I've never seen an onion salad before but I would imagine that Olive Garden could make one without much extra effort.  I don't understand why they don't do dressing either.  Maybe they do and there was just too little on it, but the salad was dry.  So the salad was a fail.  For the soup, I went with the Chicken & Gnocchi.  By chicken they mean "chicken broth" and by gnocchi they mean "ball of flour dough".  This was more like wanton soup than anything else.  It didn't taste horrible, just cheap...so only a minor fail.  I'm still alive, so I did better than I expected.  I figured the worst thing that could happen would be if I got horribly sick and had to take paid time off for a week...that didn't happen either...so another fail.The whole experience is what got me.  We show up to GhettroCentre with 6 people and there are at least 20 waiting around for tables.  That's fine, it is lunch time.  We got a table and our waitress was decent enough.  Group ordered some sort of appetizers (that I did not partake of).  They brought our drinks.  We ordered our meals.  They brought our salads and breadsticks.  Then they brought us one of the apps.  About 10 minutes later she comes by to check on us...and we tell her we still don't have the other app.  She disappears for a while and comes back and says "we ran out of chicken so it's going to be a while"... wait what?  You ran out...but you will...what?  Clone some more?  Sub something else?  What are you doing to make more chicken appear?  We decline the app since our meals are arriving any minute.  Food arrives, everything is normal, whatever.  I was only mildly distracted by the weird outdoor christmas light strings they have draped throughout the dining room.  I survived.My question is, my soup/salad/breadstick combo was like $6.99.  Everyone else's meals come with salad and breadsticks, right?  So I could have just ordered the $5.34 soup (seriously, that is expensive soup) and noshed on salad and breadsticks without paying for them?  Right?  What is up with that?
3	So we just got out of a movie and wanted something to eat for lunch but since it was Father's Day we didn't know what to do. So we called Olive Garden and they had the least wait time so we headed over there. Now to be honest I like Olive Garden for what it is, a decent chain. I know what will be on the menu and I know what I like and I know how it will taste. There is no difference between one Olive Garden and the other except for service and that is what I got here in droves. Our waiter was very attentive, very courteous and efficient. The food was what I expected and was very tasty and flavourful. I had the shrimp with pasta and it was good. I am a fan of the bread-sticks and soup. My desert was good. Nothing out of the ordinary food-wise but that is why I chose OG. I was pleasantly surprised with the good service and will be back again.
4	You know, sometimes you just need some old school ghetto Italian food, and the OG services that purpose for me! Yes....I am a fan of Olive Garden, THERE I said it! I could live off of their salad and bread sticks alone! I always order the same thing and it always tastes the same. That's one thing a chain restaurant like the OG has going for them, consistently the same. Doesn't matter where I go in the U.S. my eggplant parmigiana will always taste and look the same. Last Friday I didn't want to cook and I wanted Italian. Since we are still somewhat new to the 'hood and don't know all the local spots yet, we jumped in the car and went to Olive Garden. When we pulled up there were people EVERYWHERE, like laying in the grass outside of the restaurant all homeless style. I thought for sure it would be an hour wait, but the hostess said 20-30 minutes. We saddled up to the bar, got an adult beverage and 20 minutes later we were being shown to our seat. I must say, our waiter was FANTASTIC! His name was Will and he deserves a raise! He was on top of the ball, had a bit of cheese about him on the delivery of his lines, but it was never annoying (I HATE when waiters pour on the cheese and don't know when to stop, or how to be funny) But no Will, dude was all over it and great! Our dinners arrived fast, tasted great and our drinks never got low.
3	My parents called this week and our adventure was Olive Garden. What the hey again, since the hubby is working late and beats cooking. Drove to my parents out met up with my parents and my brother. We plied into the van. Dad drove us, it felt like we were little kids again. But I did not remember dad's driving was that bad. Seriously, he drove like an old man speed and stops at green light. OMG! Got there finally in 1 piece! They were pretty packed on a Thursday night. We waited no more then 10 mins and the lights on the beeper box was flashing. We were quickly silted in booths. The booths are getting old, I sit down and hit the wood part of the booth. OUCH. I thought I was my big butt, but my mom mentioned the same thing. Our waiter was fabulous. She was patient and nice. My parents took forever to pick something. Dad ordered: Seafood Alfredo - He ate 3/4 of it and loved it. Mom ordered: Chicken Marsala - She ate 1/2 of it and loved it. Brother ordered: Meatballs and Spaghetti - He ate all of it and licked the plate. LOL! I ordered: Chicken Parmesan - I ate most of it and thought it was a little salty but good Our appetizer of Chicken flat bread came late (middle of the dinner). It was so good. It was nice of the waiter to take it off the bill. She did not have it. Our soups and salads were the same as every visit. Plenty and good. Again I thought my chicken and gnocchi was a tad salty. Maybe it is was me tonight?? It was good family times and good laughs...
3	-Consistant food.-Good service.-Not too long of a wait.-Parking was convenient.-Updated decor.-Area is questionable.
5	After yesterday's 1-Star lunch ordeal somewhere else, I needed to try for a completely different experience today, so I came here for their "Never Ending Pasta Bowl" all-you-can-eat Special, before it goes away for a while on October 10th.  I felt pretty sure it would be either 4 or 5-Stars, based on having tried the same thing at three other Olive Gardens just recently.After settling into a comfortable booth in this nice place, I ordered the Special, & started munching on the hot garlic bread sticks they bring you, soon followed with a nice, piping hot bowl of Zucca Toscana Soup, which was just terrific!  There are 42 combinations of pasta available, but my plan for this time was to have that soup first, then some regular spaghetti with their delicious house meat sauce, then go for a bowl of Chicken & Gnocchi Soup, & then have some Orecchiette with Creamy Parmisan Portabello.  Yum!Well, they give you a big serving of the first pasta you order, & with the two soups & the garlic bread I ran out room before ordering the Orecchiette...  Guess I'll have to come back again by Oct. 10th & have that first!  Meanwhile, everything about this visit from the dining room ambiance & comfort, the food, the price, & the table service I received from Sergio were absolutely 5-Stars, so how can I give it less because, "Eew!  It's part of a chain"?  Sorry, I can't.  It's $8.95; get over here!    :-))
4	I'm still a fan of Olive Garden, but with the "Never Ending Pasta Bowl" Special having ended for now, the value is reduced a little bit.
5	Right next to Metro Center Mall I stop by the other day and always get my zuppa toscana soup. Plus the bread sticks..yum! oh and then I got the fettuccine alfredo but i was already full lol.
3	I have been to Olive Garden countless times growing up. I've only been a handful of times in the past few years & usually it's for the soup, salad & breadsticks lunch. Yesterday was no different & that's exactly what my mom & I ordered. For our soup choice we went with minestrone. Their soup, salad & breadsticks are always consistently the same. The minestrone was good & had plenty of beans & veggies. Their salad is ok, I wish it had romaine & spinach, as opposed to all that iceberg, but I do like their dressing & croutons. The breadsticks are delicious but so fattening! I was good & only had 1, I could easily eat 5 or 6 of them. We also split the calamari. It was actually really good, lightly breaded & not at all greasy. Came with marinara & a parmesan-peppercorn sauce, both were yummy. Oh & I ordered the peach-raspberry iced tea, man was it sweet! Now don't get me wrong I LOVE sugar but this was definitely overkill. Total for our lunch was about $30.
3	Olive Garden........hmmmpphhhAs I'm not a huge fan of Olive Garden, I went. My buddy said his dad was in town and invited me to eat with them. I could use some unlimited breadsticks in my life right about now.  The service was good not great. Our server got in an argument over the bill in the table behind us and was kind of rude and loud and disturbed our conversation. That was a little annoying, but not that big of a deal. The food came out 20 mins after we ordered and she almost served one of our pints to a different table, probably cause she was flustered over the argument.I had the Chicken Marsala, it was not bad.  I was pretty hungry so I probably ate more than I normally would have. The peppers and onions were a little overcooked, the onions weren't bad but the peppers were almost black.  The marsala wasn't bad and the mushrooms were delicious.  Chicken....Ehhh, not bad.Location is a little iffy, kinda out of the way from where we're staying this week but wasn't that bad. It's kind of behind the main streets in the area, (peoria)
2	A review of the new Cheese Filled Soffatelli....Olive Garden is my grandpa's favorite place because we can take the whole family, even my vegetarian niece, and everyone can find SOMETHING to eat.(to eat, not to love, but to eat).  Yesterday, I tried their new Cheese Filled Soffatelli with Chicken.  I had two bites and was done.  It may have been the breadsticks, or the fried cheese & ravioli (cheese=good, ravioli=dry) but I couldn't stomach that much lead. I thought there would be on a bed of spinach and diced tomatoes...nope.  Its a fried piece of greasy chicken smothered in white cheeze-wiz sauce with tiny bits of spinach.  It was so greasy and heavy it made me sick to my stomach before it even made it there.  The stuffed pastries were even worse with an overly flavored cheese stuffing that hung in your stomach like lead.  I strongly suggest something (anything) else.  May I recommend the Apricot chicken or mixed grill?
5	Always a great food being served. Cant miss an opportunity to eat there when around.
3	i had a gift card from Christmas that was burning a hole in my wallet, so i went here for a work lunch.  Food was excellent, I got the Four Cheese Pastachettis with chicken.  It took longer than expected to receive the entree but the flavor was wonderful.  Cheese, cheese and more cheese just the way this midwestern boy likes it please.  Service was attentive and friendly.  My only concern now is that with my digestive system is sounding like an earthquake.  I hope that it agrees with me later on this afternoon and doesn't send me into a multiple dating spree with the bathroom.  Yikes.
4	This is my favorite Olive Garden that I've visited thus far! I started out with the stuffed mushrooms and if you haven't tried them yet you are missing out.For my soup I got the chicken & gnocchi. The soup was good and creamy! I decided to order a soup since when I got a salad the last time and it was their regular bowl still even though my friend ordered the soup.To begin my entree I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs so nothing too fancy but delicious none the less. To finish off my meal I had the apple crostata, which was good. The best part to me was the ice cream. I don't know what ice cream they use to top it off but it was good.This Olive Garden hasn't let me down yet so I will be there again! Both times my waitress has been Brittany and she is great so if you get her expect to leave a good tip lol.
4	I love Olive Garden, I love their salad & bread sticks. My boyfriend took me here on one of our 1st dates years ago & it became a place we eat at frequently. We both love the chicken Alfredo & the fresh grated parmesan cheese they top it with. When they have the never ending pasta bowl special he likes to go & get spaghetti & meatballs or sausage. For a big chain place its ok, I know it's not "real" Italian, but it's still good.
2	Food was FANTASTIC!! A+.....as for the Service D-.  There where 2 waiters, still service was slow.  Both waiters where rude and condescending.  Also, no kidding Yelpers but this placed smelled like Butt,  I mean it stunk.  We thought maybe when we where seated away from the lobby it would not be so bad, but it was.  I will still eat at Olive Garden Restaurants because their food is GREAT, just not at this location.  This place Blows!!!
5	Woohoo, it's back up to 5 Stars for Olive Garden right now, because their annual "Never Ending Pasta" promotion is on!  Arlin B. & Mike C. joined me today to hit the OG here in Metro Center.  This one is my second favorite after 75th Av., & if you like Italian food, I'd say whip over here for a great lunch during this very special once a year event!What you pay is $8.95, & what you get is your choice of 42 combinations of pasta & sauce (in each serving that you have room for), plus 3 soups or salad, plus garlic bread sticks.  It's all you can eat of everything, & the only limitation is that you have to decide between soups or salad up front.  The soup is just terrific here, so I hope you make that choice, & try 2 or all 3 of them when you come for this event!The pasta?  In my opinion it blows away such competitors as Old Spaghetti Factory, My Mother's, Buca di Beppo & Babbo, for just a few examples.  It's very good, in all its permutations, & be sure to try their new "Pizzaiola Meat Sauce"!     Yum!This special runs only until Oct. 9, so don't miss it!     :-))
3	I stopped in here for lunch the other day.  I had intended to get there about 11 but it was almost noon and I had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.  Being lunch, any more of a wait and I would have gone elsewhere.  Right now they are running their $8.95 all you can eat pasta special with choice of soup or salad.  I had two different pastas and a big bowl of salad.  I love the pasta and like the salad, the food is always consistent from one location to another.  This location always seems a little more crowded and hectic than the one on 75th. If I could use half stars it would be a 3-1/2.
5	A Sunday visit to Olive Garden's unlimited soup and salad combo made for a tasty satisfying meal.  The addition of crab stuffed mushrooms hit the spot too.  Pasta fagioli soup was very good.  We liked the extra peppercinis added to our salad.Service was excellent!  Teaming by a couple of servers meant that all of our needs/refills were anticipated or handled right away.  Refills for more iced tea, breadsticks, soup and salad were speedy.  The server even gave us an iced tea to go - a plus!For my next visit I like that I can pretty much expect the same good  food.  Olive Gardens food is consistently good.  Of course I'll be back!
5	Are you listening Olive Garden management?  The hostesses were very friendly when greeting us as we walked in.  And the service?  Ashley was an AMAZING server.  I can't even think of enough compliments .  We were totally indecisive and she recommended wines and entrees and never rushed us as we looked over the menu.  Perfect timing for refills, etc., and seemed genuinely friendly and smiling.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, it has proven that good customer service does still exist!!!
4	I always have a good meal at this OG.  This trip was no exception. The food is consistent, and the service very courteous.  Our waiter, Jaimon, did a great job. Just the right balance of being helpful without overdoing it.
5	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT LUNCH SPECIAL!  = = = = = =It's been 5 months since my last review of this one, so just a note to say that I still think it's great!  Today I enjoyed unlimited tossed Italian Salad, a bowl of Pasta e Fagioli Soup, a bowl of Zuppa Tuscana Soup, a bowl of Chicken & Gnocchi Soup, & several bread sticks.  Their soup is just unbeatable, & all this was only $6.99, with more of everything available at no extra charge if I had wanted it!  Just right atmosphere & service too.Woohoo!     :-))
3	I don't mind eating at the Olive Garden because I LOVE their soup, salad, and bread sticks. That alone is 4 stars! I'm taking away one star because they serve shitty overpriced pasta.
5	Came as part of a large wedding party and the service was outstanding!  We were given a private room with just enough space for the entire party.  Service, though slow because of the size of our party, was prompt and polite.   The food was excellent and the two servers made sure we had enough drinks, salad, and breadsticks.   After the great experience, I would certainly consider this Olive Garden for a function of my own.
2	Had the taste of Italy. The Chicken Parmigiana and Lasagna was overcooked. The Fettuccine Alfredo was OK except that all the red sauce from the other two items bleed all other the plate and ruined the taste. Bread sticks and salad were good.
3	This location is not consistant with the quality of their food. I always split a chicken alfredo with my BF and lately it has been coming out dry. Thier portions also change, sometimes it seems like we get more than other times. The service is usually ok with the exepction of an older waitress who was so rude. She basically threw the dishes on the table and had an unpolite obnoxious voice. My BF spilled his drink and she didnt even offer napkins or help clean it up. Instead she tried making jokes about brining him a kids cup with a lid several times. I regret not complaining to the manager but figured she wouldnt last. From now on I will go out of my way to another location for better food and service.
3	The only thin I get here is there ravioli de portobello. Never really tried anything else. But I'm a fan of that ravioli. Also alittle tip if you go for dinner you can still get lunch size incase you're aren't thy hungry and it's still lunch price. I have a feeling no one tells you that when you're ordering.
3	This location gets 2 Stars. The restaurant was NOISY, & had a low-class of people. We had to change tables because the one we got was obnoxiously noisy with loud children nearby. I wish parents would make their kids behave in public, plus it was 8:30 pm & little kids s/b in bed by then, at least  I was at that age. Anyway, we did get moved to a quieter table. The service & food was great, but I recommend the Scottsdale location over this location by far....
5	Yummy soup and salad
1	Horrible service!  Walked in and was told there was a 10-15 minute wait. Sat down and saw people getting seated that came in after I did. Walked up and the hostess. She said, sorry you're next. The service sucks here. Night was ruined before I got my food.
4	This Olive Garden just moved across the way to a brand new building located at 2710 W North Lane Phoenix AZ 85021. it's been open about a week.  At first we couldn't find it with our GPS since it is so new.   We went there Nov 27 (tues) 2012We arrived around 1pm as a party of 4 adults for lunch.   They sat us on the left side near the entrance at the 1st booth.  Thought it would be noisy, but overall it was okay.Our Servers were friendly, attentive and very conversational, one of our members is a talker and our server enjoyed chatting with him.They had a special 2 for $25, but we weren't that impressed with the special.  We ordered off of the lunch menu.  we ordered the followingCYO appetizer sampler 3: Calamari, stuffed mushrooms & Fried ZucchiniMain lunch courses:Lasagna ClassicoBraised Beef TortelloniLinguine alla MarinaraChicken Caprese PaniniDessert:  ZeppolisWe also ordered two dishes to go, even though not on the lunch menu,  they were accommodating and prepped the to go items for us from the dinner menu.Chicken Parmigiana with [Fettuccine Alfredo (substituted)]Chicken MarsalaWe first only ordered the sampler appetizer, and after it came out is when we ordered the rest of our meal.  That made the lunch more enjoyable, not rushed and our main meals were piping hot.The Salad came out cold and crisp as usual.  Bread sticks were a little delayed about 5 minutes, they ran out, so we got them fresh out of the oven when they were ready.  Our servers were very good at refilling our drinks.The whole lunch experience was very good, food tasty. First time I tried their braised beef tortelloni and was delicious.  Wasn't sure what to expect. The Beef about 4 or 5 slices is served with the tortelloni.  By the way, I always thought it was tortellini.  The server told me Tortelloni is bigger size wise.We also had Zeppoli with chocolate sauce.  They sprinkled liberally the powder sugar on the Zeppoli.  These Zeppoli were rectangular and texture is more firm than doughnuts.  We enjoyed them immensely and will order them again in the future. As Olive Garden restaurant, it was a good experience. I think being a new building everyone was excited.  Go and enjoy yourselves, we did.
3	New location! So i ordered the soup and salad as always, asked for the fresh ground pepper.. hold on.. ok yeah still waiting. Asked the nearest staff member for it again.. waiting..  manager comes back and said they weren't sure what 'cracked paper' was .. So I picked up the pepper shaker and ten was brought the pepper. Everything was fine after that, oh and it doesn't smell like mold as the old building did.
2	I would normally give OG a 3-4.  They are consistently decent, rarely outstanding.  If I want outstanding, there are non-chain restaurants that can fill that need.But today was different.  We went there for Sunday lunch, party of six, and although it overall went well, it was one of the very rare occasions where my meal was screwed up.  I had a steak off the menu, and since their web site sucks and I can't pull down a menu and find the actual name, I can't name it.  But it had a parm sauce with bread crumbs, came with balsamic drizzled asparagus, and garlic mashed potatoes.  The waitress asked if I wanted it medium or medium well, I ordered medium well.  A straight-forward order, nothing custom.Everyone's food came out, albeit slowly, and I started sawing through my meat.  And I mean saw.  It was tremendously over-done.  I sent it back.  And waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Not only had everyone else finished their meals while I waited, but one couple had to leave.  My remake arrived, delivered by the manager, and I stuck my fork in to it and found it was not over-done.  First bite was great, then my wife commented that it was bleeding.  I know the juice is not blood, but it was very rare, well below medium-well.  I cut another piece and noticed something odd, so I scraped the toppings off and found that the cook (I will not use the term chef since they could not properly cook a small steak) had cut in to the meat to see how done it was, then covered it up with topping.  If they saw it was under-done, why didn't they just continue to cook it?So I asked again for the manager and explained the situation.  She was very apologetic and It was taken off the bill, a substitution was offered but everyone else was done and I didn't want to detail the other three.  So aside from salad and two breadsticks, my lunch was balsamic-drizzled asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes.My wife theorized a possible explanation.  Since I did not actually send the original plate back, they couldn't see how over-done my original was, and they deliberately under-cooked the replacement.  Perhaps if I'd actually sent the plate back they would have seen it wasn't correct.To be fair, everyone else's meal was fine.  But I would suggest that if you order steak at this Olive Garden, make sure it is done properly.
5	I am writing this more for the manager Kelli than for the restaurant or our server. We actually had pretty bad service, though we did not get a chance to complain about it. We were seated quickly, and our service seemed very new at his job.  We were there for lunch.  We ordered our food and received soups and salad before drinks.  We were finished with our soups and salads before we caught the attention of another server who came to our aid and apologized for us not having our drinks yet.  She alerted the manager as we did not complain, just asked for our drinks.  Drinks came and then our entrees.  Our server came by a couple times and apologized but was still very weak at his job.  Hopefully he is given another chance and receives more training before his next guest arrives.  The 5 stars go to Kelli though for just coming out of nowhere and comping our meal.  Having a meal for free is very nice, but considering we didn't even complain but that she took the initiative to make sure that we were taken care of and happy with our experience - that's why she gets the 5 stars.  Great job Kelli - keep up the good work!
2	I used to love Olive Garden but its become so blah. This is the new location and its nice but nothing special, these days they are all basic carbon copies of each other. When we first came in the hostess told us there was a wait... Odd because there was hardly anyone there... So we sat there for 15 minutes before she even sat us. We finally get seated and our waiter is basically a frat boy stoner who just nods and says "yeah man". Service wasn't friendly but he didn't screw up our order and the food came out in a timely manner. Not thrilled with this place, probably won't come here again. If you're into the chain restaurant thing it's perfectly fine but I guess I'm just bored with the generic food and below par service.
2	I have been taking my 92 yr old neighbor to OG for several years, at least 1 a week. Always a great experience and great service until 16 Jan 2013. We were seated in Alexs' section, it was a terrible experience. She was not even friendly!! A couple came in after us and sat across from us, they already had their salad and bread sticks by the time we finally got our hot water for tea. The couplealso had their soup by the time we got our salad. Then Alex came by amd ask if we needed any more salad or soup. I clearly stated "we just want our soup" as we had yet to receive it!!! She still was in no hurry to get our soup, we will go back but will ask not to be seated in Alexs' section!!! I think OG neede to instill to be prompt and friendly when serving customers!!!
4	Always a great place and I think they gotten better with the move. It's much more fancier now and the staff seems very happy to be serving you. They are understanding and very patient, too. Our waiter was very funny and was positive. I can't exactly recall his name since it's been a few days but he looks exactly like Kevin Smith. We asked if he's ever gotten that and he says yes, a few times. Also helped us settled our Star Wars over Star Trek dispute and also added Marvel over DC. Yes, we are a bunch of nerds but we will continue coming back!
5	= = = = = =  MOVED!  = = = = = =This Olive Garden has moved around the corner to 2710 W. North Lane, Phoenix     :-)
2	Heavy sauces, bland dishes and so-so service.  I really wouldn't call Olive Garden an Italian Restaurant, its a chain that serves Americanized  dishes loosely based on recipes that might have an Italian ingredient or two in them.The soup was cold, our food was served lukewarm and the service was slow.I suppose if you only ordered the salad and bread-sticks it might be worth going to.  It's sad because the menu items sound good but they are just so poorly executed it's just not worth wasting your time here.
4	The ONLY reason Im giving this place 4 stars is because of our server, Raul. I understand when a restaurant is busy so the 30min wait for a table is totally fine. But with 3 bartenders behind a half empty bar, and to not be greeted for 10min because they are too busy giggling, is rude. And to basically toss a recite in my direction after 5min, also rude. No, "how are your drinks?" or "can i get you another round?" or "would you like to transfer your check or close out here?"  Little do they know that Im a bartender myself AND a good tipper!...RUDE.But the second we sat down, everything went wonderful. Food was ok, but Raul made the experience worth it. Its not very often you get fine dining experience at an olive garden. We will be back JUST to sit with him.
