2	Maybe I made the wrong choice between Sage and Julian Serrano at Aria.We made reservations on the same day with the chick at the desk in front of the restaurant. Nice decor, wine bottles and all, deceivingly huge. Anyways, we walked through the lounge at the front of the restaurant and were seated in the back. Spacious, very spacious with high ceilings, mirrors and weird murals. The mural I'm referring to is the one to the left as you first enter that back dining room. I didn't understand why it was even in this restaurant; it was a painting of farmers and kind of purple-ish. Our server was ok, maybe trained to promote more food than we needed to order. Menu items range in prices from $15-$40 per entree. So, upon ordering our entree, our server asks "how would you like to start?" I'm like "??" What she meant was, pick out another dish from another area on the menu, as if it came with our entree. Nope. She made it sound like it was included. So, I ordered the gnocchi (soft and pasty with brussel sprouts and radish) and cobia, which was not all that great. The fish had a nice seared crust but that was about it. Kind of bland, medium in tenderness and nothing special about it. Mashed potato was thinned out and didn't have much good flavor.  The "chowder" sauce they poured in my dish was nothing like chowder unless chowder is that watery. I felt like I was dining with Top Chefs, so now I understand the harsh critique. But I am no Padma.For dessert we ordered the beignets with a caramel sauce with tiny bits of apples. It was cute because they were like doughnut sticks in fancy applesauce. I could probably do better using krispy kreme doughnuts and mott's applesauce.They don't listen. The sommelier asked if we wanted to keep the wine menu and we replied with yes, yet he took it away? When given the option to pick a bread from a wood case I requested sourdough; he gave me bacon. WTF? What if I was allergic to bacon? Although, I have to say that the bread and fancy butter was good, at least when it was warm. Oh and when our meal was over, the waitress handed us our check. It was wrong...about $300. wrong. She apologized profusely but still, c'mon that's a huge difference. The only good thing she brought us was the complimentary orange infused hot chocolate  shot at the end of our meal. It's not that I can't appreciate a fine dining experience, but there was nothing fine about it. Actually, the water boy was great. He made a point of keeping our glasses full without splashing water all over the place because he shielded the pour with a cloth napkin. Nice. Will not dine here again.
3	2.5 stars.  Now this may not be 100% true, but judging by the previous review and what we saw, if you are asian, you will be escorted to the back of the restaurant.  When we arrived, it was quite empty, but we were kindly taken to the rear room, which is sectioned off behind the cash registers and some decor.  There was an old couple and a chinese family in there, and soon another asian family and another asian couple joined us in the back.  We noticed it was fairly strange, and so when we finished eating, we checked out the other guests and our suspicions were confirmed.  However, I should note there was a non-asian couple that was seated in the back when it got busier.As for the restaurant, the decor is nice, the pork loin tastes like ham, but for now (perhaps since it's new), the chef gives a complimentary foam and grapefruit amuse appetizer and citrus infused hot cocoa drink to finish your meal, which is nice, along with the bacon bread, which adds a 1/2 star.  Also, the service was very attentive and timed quite well, with a lot of care taken to keeping our table tidy, which adds another star, however we're just left with a bad taste in our mouth after feeling discriminated against.  So if you are asian, prepare to have a party with the others in the back.
5	I really enjoyed my meal at Sage.  I didn't know much about the restaurant or Shawn McClain, but Sage surprised me.  The entrance to the restaurant doesn't do justice to what is inside. It wasn't as striking as a high-end restaurant in Vegas would demand.  It is located across from Serrano, and from the outside it doesn't look like anything special. However, the decor is actually quite hip and elegant with dark rich colors.I thought service here was exemplary.  Our waiter was great. So much so that we personally commended him to the manager.  One of the food runners even walked me all the way to the ladies room when I asked where it was located.As for the food, the emphasis is on local seasonal ingredients.  I enjoyed my gnocchi with winter vegetables, such as winter squash.  For my main, I really liked the barramundi.  The fish was really well cooked and well seasoned. The sauce was also excellent.  I wanted to lick my plate.  It is rare that I enjoy an entree as much as I do an appetizer.  Desserts were also good and they even brought out a free chocolate rich dessert with a candle for my boyfriend's birthday (without me even telling them to!),The wine list has something for everyone.  My boyfriend and I ordered a half bottle of a zinfandel cabernet bland from a winery in Napa that he visited.  But, the real end to the evening here is the absinthe.  I was hesitant as absinthe caused my drunkest night ever.  It is more than 12 years later from that night in Salamanca as a 16-year old, but my body still feels it.  My friends say this explains my craziness from the hallucogenic effects. Note to everyone: it is a very bad idea to have a shot drinking contest  with absinthe against someone twice your size. Anyway....the absinthe is still strong.  But it was cool to see them light it on fire and bring it the table.  My boyfriend ordered a Swiss rather than Spanish absinthe as to avoid my memories of Salamanca.  Even when it was served with orange juice, it still packed a whopper of a punch.  All in all, the absinthe couldn't save the kind of lame Cirque Elvis show that night, but it did set the tone for one of my wildest nights in Vegas. Drink up!
2	For the price I expected better food. Great service but the food was average at most. We were seated in the lounge instead the of the dinning room. Nice looking place but the steak was cold to warm.
4	Cliffsnotes version: Food was nothing short of spectacular, but service and atmosphere were a little "douchey" for my taste. I realize the restaurant had only been open a few weeks when we went in January, but honestly cocky slow service is never appreciated. The attitude on our server was such a turn off, especially in a new restaurant, but luckily the food made up for it!Bacon baguette : This was the only bread offered to us, but mb vegetarians can make a special request. Best.bread.EVER. Somehow there was 0 bacon texture, but maximum bacon taste. You could see tiny flecks of bacon, but you didn't "feel" them in your mouth. Very interesting! The artisan salt and butter provided with the bread only enhanced it's awesomeness. Appetizers: We tried the shrimp, sweetbreads,beef tartare, foie gras yellowtail, and escargot. Shrimp was good, yellowtail good, but honestly the yellowtail sashimi I had at En over in Henderson recently was better. Beef tartare good, but Michael Mina's is better (I sound like a total snob, I know!). The foie gras custard was disgusting. No one at my table of foie gras lovers could handle it. Think creme brulee meets foie gras and try to decide if that works in your head. Doesn't work in mine! The sweetbreads on the other hand were the best I've had in my life. If you don't like sweetbreads, by all means give these a chance! Perfectly charred, awesome flavor..a must try. Escargot with the homemade ravioli was our 2nd favorite. Mains: Tried the pork, the wagyu tenderloin and the veal cheeks. All were nothing short of perfect. The pork was so tender and served with a delish pork filled canneloni. Wagyu tenderloin is on my top 10 steaks I've eaten in my life list! Perfectly seasoned and prepared. The veal cheeks were a nice surprise. If you've ever tried beef shortrib but thought "I wish this was fattier and softer!", try the veal cheeks by all means !Dessert: Tried the chocolate something or other with warm banana bread. Great but not 'special'. The warm sipping chocolate served after dessert was a great surprise. Overall, definitely worth a try! If you can get past the trendy douche atmosphere the food is really worth it.
4	I loved loved loved the decor and atmosphere of this restaurant, was simple, with a level of elegance and class not found to often in Vegas. We sat at the bar before dinner for a drink; the bartender was super friendly and went over menu items he enjoyed while he made our drinks. My date was sold on the fact that they had a secret recipe for the best Manhattan in town. It was fabulous by the way, they use a lemon twist to garnish instead of a cherry, and I think that is what made the difference! I had a dirty martini of course, was pretty close to perfect!When we first sat down and I opened the menu I am not going to lie, I was not very turned on to eat anything really, with menu items like pork belly, nothing really stood out to me at first. We started off with the seared Ahi, which being from Hawaii, was just OK (hardly any flavor), but then came the main course. I ordered the beef tenderloin, and I have never enjoyed anything so much in my life. It literally melted in my mouth! Was the perfect portion size, not too much, but not so small you walk out hungry. My date had the Pork Tenderloin and it was very rich and flavorful as well, I'm not a huge pork fan, but it was very good.I will have to disagree with Blair B. we had a great server and the bartender was really amazing, even the hostesses were really friendly. We didn't save any room for dessert, so I will have to go back to let you know how their desserts are!
5	I don't have the time to go into too much detail right now, but just wanted to chime in and say that Sage is undoubtedly the most pleasantly rewarding surprise at City Center, and one of the best all around dining experiences I have had this decade.Every single item brought to our table was excellent, though for creativity, a few stood out in particular: the steak tartare, one of the best I've ever had; the foie gras creme brulee (see pic), sweet and savory in equally strong dose (F-me good); the ricotta gnocchi with root vegetables, the sweetbreads, the tenderloin,the pork loin and the scallops were all simply perfect. They have some nice handcrafted cocktails, a cute absinthe cart, and desserts were up to the task of ending a perfect meal with solid punctuation. The dining room and lounge are comfortable, chic, sexy, cozy and lively all at once. Nicely designed. You'd think I had money invested in this restaurant--I wish I did.
4	I had appetizers and drinks at the bar.  The staff was really wonderful and accommodating. The food was top notch.  They have a very high quality and inventive cocktail menu.   I would like to return here for dinner sometime.  It was expensive, comparable to other fine on strip restaurants.I really liked the dining room. It is pretty big, and the tables are spread very far apart, which really gives it a ultra lux feel.
4	The room at Sage was the most pleasant of all of the restaurant that we visited on our first venture to the new Aria resort.   Very cool design and a generally cool vibe made for a good start.We sat at the bar and had great service from the bartenders.  As we sipped on a very good bottle of red wine and enjoyed a trio of appetizers the restaurant did get a bit busy and it was good to see things picking up for them.   Service and ambiance alone would get five stars from me, however the food, all though well conceptualized just simply was not seasoned properly.   This just leads me to believe that they are still working out the kinks and training the staff to properly prepare the items.  A little salt and pepper goes a long way, and unfortunately they didn't seem to have any in the kitchen on this night.  Overall, I think that this restaurant will do well, and I will back to have a full dinner sometime soon.   I'm pretty sure that they will have things ironed out soon.
2	We had a 9 people in total. This place is very large but NOT setup to have a party larger than 7 at a single table, -1The place was empty on a Monday night, which might be expected, which was perfect for the enjoyment of the conversation - not sure what it would be like normally.The menu options were nice and it was difficult to decide. I chose the Kobe Flat Iron steak, medium rare. It was a tad over cooked but very tender - as I would expect. The flavor was a bit lacking. The apps are not really made to share. Though they were good, they need more 'group friendly' apps, -1The deserts sounded creative and flavorful - on paper. I guess it is the magic of the English language BUT that magic could not make them taste good. They were below average, at best. -1The entree's do no come with any veggies - only starch sides. They did provide some nice greens when I asked. I try to eat healthy so green veggies are a must - no salad is not enough.Wine selection was good but that is no trick in Vegas, or anywhere else where just the dinner will be min $50 per person. I would not likely go back here... based on the price/flavor ratio there are FAR BETTER.
4	New American food.  Dime a dozen.  Do it well, you'll do fine, get a michelin star and hang around on a safe/non-memorable menu.  Do it poorly, you'll be out of business in 6 months.  Thankfully Sage is more of the former than the latter.The dining room and decor were very nice.  dark, rich colors, tasteful art and great floor plan layout.  I liked the fact that there is lots of room between tables so it doesn't feel like you're shoehorned into a dining room concerned about turning tables or packing it full.Food was solid.  very good.  spectacular/original?  not quite, but safe, solid and focused on quality ingredients.  Appetizers are sized/plated for individuals, but the portion is big enough to give 2-3 people a bit or two and still have enough leftover for your self.  I had the beef tartare which was super rich and good, but the consensus was the red snapper carpaccio was the star appetizer.  The appetizers were all very good (even better than our entrees).  I had the scallops with red wine reduction, mushrooms and pieces of braised oxtail.  It was a bit over salted and I thought was missing a starch or veggie side.  overall solid.  I also got to try the the braised short ribs which was good in a small portion but almost too overwhelming to eat a plate of it.  The veal cheeks were tender and was probably the most impressive entree.We didn't have desert here, but they have an absinthe cart and put on a little show by lighting it on fire which was pretty cool.  Staff was attentive and nice.  Overall, it's a solid choice for dinner and they did NOT offer bacon bread.  They changed it to an herb bread or a cheese bread about a week ago...sad times for the lack of swine bread.
4	With our hotel reservation, we also received $100 dining credit to use at the new Aria Resort and Casino.  Lucky for us, Kevin Eats just wrote his reviews on Bar Masa, Sage, and Julian Serrano.  After reading Kevin's review, we like Sage the best, and decided to use our dining credit there for dinner.We made an early reservation for dinner because we had a show to go later that evening.  We arrived about 10 minutes before our reservation, but they weren't ready for us.  So we sat outside and did some people-watching.  A lot of people came to look at Sage's menu, but not too many people actually went into the restaurant.I tried to peek into the restaurant while waiting outside, and took a picture of the very pretty bar area.  We were seated in the bar area. Our waiter gave us a tour of the restaurant.  I didn't even know they had a big dining area in the back.  So why didn't they seat us in the dining area?Dr. P ordered me a Desert Shrub.  He said he knew I'd like it, and he was right.  This cocktail tasted like sweet fruity champagne, and it was sooooo good.  Dr. P ordered himself a glass of Zinfandel.The meal started with bacon roll. There were bits of bacon in the bread.  Pretty tasty. They gave us butter and sea salt to go with the roll.  I used some sea salt on mine, and it tasted.... salty.  Dr. P was like "you know why?  Because it is salt!  Duh."Our waiter told us all about the amuse bouche, but I only remember there were artichoke and bacon on that spoon.  It was a one bite amuse bouche.  Honestly, I didn't taste anything.  It was like I was chewing on something, but it didn't have any taste to it.Sage's appetizers all looked so good on the menu.  We decided to order 3 appetizers and 1 main entree to share.  Pacific Yellowtail Crudo was one dish that our waiter recommended.  Melt in your mouth raw yellowtail sashimi was served with trumpet mushroom and pine nuts.  There was a big piece of black winter truffles in the plate as well.  The yellowtail sashimi was really fresh.  I love the trumpet mushrooms.  A manager came and asked us how the dishes were.  He mentioned that Pacific Yellowtail Crudo was one great dish that they are proud of, but he thinks they need to work on the presentation a little more.  I thought the dish looked fine, and it indeed was a great dish!I have never had sweetbreads before, but always wanted to try it.  I let Dr. P did the ordering, but this was the one dish that I requested.  From Wikipedia:  Sweetbreads are the thymus (throat sweetbread) and the pancreas (heart or stomach sweetbread), especially of the calf and lamb (although beef and pork sweetbreads are also eaten).  The manager told us the sweetbreads they used were throat sweetbread.  The taste is milder than the pancreas.  He said that sweetbreads generally doesn't really have any flavor, which allows a chef to be creative and does whatever he likes with it.  The sweetbreads tasted creamy and rich.  The texture tasted a bit like firm tofu to me.  It was pretty good.  I think the chef at Sage must love bacon.  He uses bacon in a lot of the dishes.Wagyu Beef Tartare was a very rich dish.  The flavor of the beef with chives was delicious.  The beef mixing with the egg yolk tasted creamy.For the main entree, we ordered Belgian Ale-Braised Short Rib.  The waiter told us the short rib was braised for 36 hours.  It was very tender, but a bit salty.  Again, it was a rich dish.  The portion wasn't big, but the rich flavor made us full really quickly.After the heavy meal, we ordered a French Pressed Coffee to share.  One order gave us 4 cups of coffee.I couldn't decide on the dessert, and asked for the waiter's recommendation.  He recommended Canelles de Bordeaux.  I was like "what's that?"  He said it was a very unique kind of dessert with a crunchy outside and soft inside, and it required to be cooked for like 10 hours or something like that.  When I saw the dessert on the plate, I realized it was canele, my favorite pastry!  Duh, why didn't I realized it was canele?  The Canelles de Bordeaux was maybe a little bit too burnt in my opinion.  The outer layer was a bit too hard, and had a burnt taste.  But the chocolate sorbet was super good.  The "raisins" were too yummy!At the end of the meal, our waiter brought us two shots of citrus infused Chocolate Syrup.  It was a shot of happiness!Overall, it was a good meal.  The food was rich and heavy.... very manly food.  Service was exceptional.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the food, and very polite and friendly, too.  The decoration of the restaurant is beautiful.  But somehow we still feel like there's something missing here.  We were comparing Sage to Rosemary's. Both Dr. P and I still prefer Rosemary's Restaurant for some reason.  Maybe Sage felt too formal to us?  Anyway, Sage is still a very good restaurant.  We were happy with dinner, and the $100 credit of course.
4	First thing you notice when walking into Sage, is how beautiful the space is.  It's divided into two sections, with a nice bar/lounge up front.  And the main dining room in the back.  We were seated in the main dining room & it was very nice & relaxing.  As I looked over the beer & wine list it reminded me of Rosemary's.  Then I remembered reading on another food blog that the sommelier Mike Shelter left Rosemary's to work at Sage.  From my experiences at Rosemary's Mike does a great job with the beer/wine pairings.Even though the beer list looked superb, we ended up with a nice bottle of German Riesling with our dinner.  We placed our orders & were brought an amuse bouche & warm bread.  The bread (olive?) with house whipped butter & sea salt was very good.For apps we shared the yellowtail crudo, black & blue tuna and roasted sweetbreads.  The yellowtail was good, not great (Raku is spoiled me!).  We really enjoyed the bluefin tuna and I loved the sweetbreads.For mains we had the scallops & gnocchi.  Both were very good.  The scallops had a nice salted caramel sauce.  The gnocchi were light & just melted in your mouth.  For dessert we shared Canelles De Bordeaux & nice french press coffee.  The canelles were good, but the crust was a bit too tough.Overall a very good experience & we will be back.  Maybe we will try the six course tasting menu, that they offered (whole table has to get it).
4	I was admittedly finicky on the last night of our stay in Las Vegas (Monday). My friends had a buffet in mind, but I was determined to have some oysters. Having bid our San Francisco contingent of friends adieu at Aria, we inquired if the Aria dinner buffett had oysters on hand. They had king crab legs, but no oysters. We had passed by Sage restaurant and saw they had an oyster appetizer and I was further intrigued by their vegetarian option menu (I am Pescatarian). My friends being good sports, said they would join me for drinks if I wanted to eat at Sage. I knew I was complicating dinner plans but what the hell, it was my birthday weekend after all. Turned out to be a great decision. We toasted over Desert Shrub, Tea Rose, and Full Sail beer - all top notch libations. The Kusshi oysters were exactly what I had in mind and I made one friend a complete convert who never thought much of oysters (she's heading to an oyster restaurant this weekend). The server was friendly, attentive, and didn't mind that only one of us was ordering an entree. I had the Sunchoke Tortellini entree upon our server's recommendation and found the dish to be utterly delightful. The tortellini melted in my mouth like clouds and the flavor - what incredible flavor. My friends tied themselves over by having a goat cheese beet salad and we all agreed to put Sage on our list of dining places for future trips to Vegas. It was mentioned to us that the owners of Sage also have restaurants in Chicago - Spring and Green Zebra. I have dined at both but look forward to trying Green Zebra for dinner since I have only been there for brunch. Overall, a great dining experience, next time we'll have to give Sage our full UNDIVIDED attention!
5	This was most likely the best meal I've ever had.  From start to finish, myself, and my table of 8 was amazed at what was put down in front of us - I'm so sad that we don't live closer (although, my pocketbook probably isn't).Started with the amuse bouche -- ours was a vegetarian bite of artichoke, eggplant caviar among other flavors.  perfectly balanced start to the meal.  We had an option between bacon or olive/asiago rolls -- I'm pescatarian and so went for the olive/asiago - delicious.Next I split the green garlic soup and the lobster angliotti with a friend.  Both featured fresh seafood (crab in the soup) that was incredibly tender - cooked perfectly.  I had the spring gnocci for my entree (w/ fresh peas and mint).  I've never had such delicate gnocci - it literally melted in my mouth.  I sampled almost all of the desserts, but I think the most memorable for me was the toffee pudding with white pepper ice cream -- equally unique and tasty.On top of all of the great food we had, the service was outstanding.  We laughed a lot, weren't rushed and felt well taken care of.A must stop for foodies in Vegas!
4	I'm admitting that the food was a bit salty overall, but my 4-star rating is completely based on the fact that I had the best martini ever at Sage. It was a tea-infused vodka drink that had a hint of berries and was not sweet at all! I could have drank them all night, but stuck to just one. At the end of our meal, we decided to opt for the absinthe. It was a drink with a show. The absinthe cart was rolled to out table by our waitress who prepared our order by putting the alcohol on fire and then pouring the hot liquid into a glass of orange juice. With the remaining fumes of absinthe, she put the glass face down on a napkin and instructed us to inhale the vapors with a straw, which we did a little timidly. It tasted like licorice, but not as strong as the last time I had absinthe and couldn't stand it at all. The drink itself was pretty potent, but again, it was much better than the last time I had an absinthe cocktail at Beso. Definitely worth it to check out.
4	All I can say it WOW I do not fit in this place. I came to this restaurants rocking vans and a jacket and I just felt so uncomfortable and out of place. This was my first "fine dining" experience. I never really cared for this kind of stuff because food is food to me. I am not picky. I came here with some friends, we are all teens but they still provided great service (some restaurants avoid providing good service to teens because they assume they won't tip anyways). The first question that comes up when you arrive is "What type of water would you guys like?" Then they name a list. My friend was a newbie and she told him "Fiji" is fine. I was like "holy crap do you know what you just did?" LOL! anyways they came with our "Fiji" water then when the bottle was empty they asked if we would like more and unfortunately, someone said "yes" and they opened another bottle of Fiji. I asked my friends how much do they think the Fiji water would cost. They said "it can't be that much maybe $4, $5 at the most." When the check came we were charged $9 per Fiji bottle opened. So... $18 alone went to ordering water (which I enjoyed by the way). I am not cheap but $18 dollars for water was kind of pushing it. *They served us this bread. It was decent. There is a man that comes around to offer you more ( I guess it is unlimited) but being at a restaurant like this we rejected more bread because we didn't wanna look like fatasses. But god knows we wanted more lol!*For dessert the chef gave us this free sample of chocolate milk. I cant use words to describe this. It was beyond good but you can tell it was super fattening even though it was just a shot.*They gave us this free thing that hey called "Salad" What was it? One TINY spoonful of mystery white fluid. *For my main entree I ordered this fish clam chowder thing. It came with slices of potatoes (maybe 3 pieces). There were like 4-5 small pieces of fish and a really thin layer of clam chowder sauce. It was probably the best thing I've tasted in a long time but the proportion was horrible. I think it was about $38 and trust me, it does not satisfy.It would have gotten 5 stars but it was way too expensive for the proportion provided. But I guess this is how fine dining is supposed to be. Our bill for 4 people came out to be about $220. Yeah, the Fiji water screwed us hard.
3	Sean McClain comes to Las Vegas as possibly the best non "celebrity" chef to ever lace up an apron via Chicago.Our anniversary dictated I move a little bit up the food chain from my usual favorite, casual restaurant haunts and this seemed like just the big ticket.So obviously we had higher than usual expectations.  All in all we had a good experience.  The room was really cool.  Tables spaced far apart to afford us a little intimacy.  Big, cool murals lit with blacklight.  High ceilings.  Very cool.  Service was fantastic.Food was just okay.  Very American comfort foody menu.  Root vegetables and jus' all over the place.  The squash soup was not great.  Too thick and underseasoned.  The rest of the food was just okay for the pricetag.  Some came out cold and presentations were more bistro than fine dining.  It was fine, but I won't likely be back when there are so many other 150/person restaurants out there I haven't checked yet.  Plus there's only so many anniversaries when the sky's the limit.
5	If you're looking for an adventure for your mouth, Sage is a 5+++. I had two incredibly unique drinks (one involved chocolate stout, raspberry [framboise] lambec, and brandy while the other contained recently legalized absinthe). That was followed by three extravagant appetizers and then a dessert with blue cheese ice cream and red wine caramel sauce. Ask for waiter Jason Blanchett (sp?). He provided service to be raved about... as I am doing here. Amazing!
4	Jeff, the bartender at Sage that helped us, is a pretty awesome mixologist. He isn't afraid to just hear an ingredient and make up a delicious concoction for you to try. He knows his ins and outs of liquor flavors, mixers, fruits, and all that jazz. When Misti Y and I stopped by she was able to sample a most refreshing mixture that contained canton, fresh muddled raspberries, and ginger beer among other ingredients. I myself had the Tea Rose cocktail. This is made with tea vodka, rose water, St. Germain, and is garnished with roasted pine nuts. It's as interesting as it sounds and while I don't think the flavor is for everyone I also don't think it was so offensive or strong that you couldn't drink it if you had to.Misti and I also shared a tuna crudo and cheese plate for snacks, both of which I really enjoyed. The cheese plate had 4 varieties on it I believe and it wasn't an overwhelmingly large selection so if you're sharing between more than 2 people you may want more than one plate. Overall though I can see why Sage is such a hit for yelpers. I'd love to come back and try proper dinner and more cocktails the next time I'm in town.
3	We celebrated a birthday at Sage recently.  The food was great, but it wasn't worth the $250 we spent on the meal.  For the entree, I had the veal cheeks and my partner had the braised ribs.  They were all right, but for the price, I was expecting it to be fantastic.  I thought both were a little too salty.  The best part of the meal was the dessert...it was a chocolate dome with peanut butter.  It was to die for!  The service was exceptional, and the restaurant is very trendy and comfortable.  It's nice and roomy inside.
5	Truly FINE Dining!Exceptional service with a very warm and welcoming staff.I have eaten here three times already and can't wait for my fourth.  Everyone I have taken here has loved the experience.Do yourself a favor and get the Sunchoke and Salsify Tortellini.  You will not be sorry!  I ordered it as an appetizer three weeks ago and haven't stopped thinking about it since.I highly recommend this beautiful restaurant with sensational food and service!
5	5 stars for value. Wine list was decent, food was very good. Ate in the bar. service was good, not great or pampering but will serve tastings and will notice things like a flat sparkling wine and replace them without asking. I would go here anytime I was in Vegas and the Aria/City Center is beautiful . In fact, if I could manage to be ONLY at the city Center and the airport I would as the rest of Vegas feels tacky diseased and old. I had a braised short rib, great. Heitz 2004 Cab. Steak Tartare, Yellowtail Tuna Sashimi, Cheese and some taste of a dessert. Everything excellent and I felt the pricing was very fair / affordable.
5	Sage.Saaage.I planned a feast for my birthday.  5 restaurants in 1 day. The restaurant I was most excited to try? Sage.  I had read many reviews for this beautiful place inside of Aria in City Center, and had my plan already set. We were the first people in that evening, as our reservations were for 5:00, which is when they open.  I really wish I could remember our servers name, she was SO friendly and helpful with any questions, and she would chat with us, without it being annoying or uncomfortable.  We had the octopus salad, steak salad, oysters, the (amazing) foie gras creme brulee, and the sweetbreads.  Everything was incredible.  Service was top notch, everything came out timely with great food descriptions (which are like lullaby's for me, soo soothing.)  While speaking to our server, (I WILL find out her name, because she deserves to be in this review) I mentioned that it was my birthday, and also that I was a culinary student. Later in the night I asked who the chef was that evening, she told me that Shawn McClain was in, and he then came out and spoke with us.  It was such an honor to meet such a wonderful and successful chef!We ended our meal with the canneles de bordeaux.It was an incredible night filled with amazing food, quality service, and happiness.We will be returning again in June, and I can't wait!
4	This could be the best restaurant in Vegas right now. In a city where so many "brand restaurants" never quite deliver and so many restaurants seem to struggle with the volume, Sage  really stands out. Tons of fresh options, pasta that is made fresh and so good,   We were blown away by all 6 dishes that we ordered but I lost my notes so dont have much to say.  Definitely check it out - you shouldnt be disappointed..
4	My last night in Vegas, I really labored over which restaurant to choose.  I made the right choice with Sage.  The room is sleek, sophisticated, dark and contemporary.  Aria overall is a contemporary marvel and really something to see.The food was excellent as well.  The Foie Gras Custard Brulee is one of the tastiest and most unique dishes I've had in over a year.  Both the John Dory and Lamb entrees were very, very good.   The desserts were good and I had the Absinthe "just to say I did".    The service was friendly and helpful.  Overall, I really enjoyed it.
4	Great night at Sage, located in the Aria hotel Very hip, but not with a feel that you've seen it before. Try a martini at the pink bar just located adjacent to reception before you enjoy dinner. We enjoyed the Chef's menu, which included the Foie Gras Creme Brulee. ($110 pp). We added the wine tasting (another $60 pp), which made the night perfect. The chef treated us to a few other dishes. The scallop dish was sinful. I'm giving this 4 starts because the food and service was very good. I had two points where I had to think about my rating. The main course, a strip of beef, was slightly undercooked, which left it slightly chewy. On one occasion I also had to call for my waiter. With a bill of $450 for the night, having to ever call for your waiter just shouldn't happen. The waiter was very kind, helpful and attentive. Late in the evening though he was missed. If this was any other restaurant I'd rate Sage as 5 stars. However, this isn't like any other restaurant, so I'm giving them 4 stars because I want to know if I ever missed the mark, even but for a step.
5	Sage is a testament to how the vegas dining scene has changed over the last decade. What used to be a sea of steak houses and restaurnats by tv chefs like emeril and bobby flay has slowly been dotted by culinary gems. While sage posesses a fine wine list, the beer list is the best I have seen in Vegas at a fine dining establishment.  Among my indulgences were Triple Karmeliet , Rochefort 8, Duchess De Bourgnone and Deschutes Black Butte Porter.The menu was so exciting that we had a hard time deciding. We ordered three appetizers to start followed by two entrees. The roasted sweetbreads were served with porkbelly, chanterelles, creamy polenta and greens.The sweetbreads were perfectly roasted and compimented nicely by the earthly chanterelles and creamy polenta. A hint of bitter from the greens and sweet/salty pork belly was a bonus.  The ricotta gnocchi with squash and resling reduction boasted a great texture and had a subtle (not underwhelming by any means) flavor. Lastly, for appetizers, we had the slow poached farm egg with truffles. Nothing out of the ordinary here, but a perfectly poached egg with truffles. The essence of truffles with the creamy egg yolk yielded something sublime for the toast to soak up. For entrees, I had the scallops with braised ox tail. Sweet perfectly seared scallops with very rich braised oxtail. The whole dish was nicely brought together by the caramel sauce (which I initially thought might be overwhelming, but was not.) My girlfriend had the short ribs that were braised to perfection and served with pomme fondant. Eventhough we were stuffed, we had to try something for dessert. Our choice ended up being a valrohna chocolate dome filled with a mousse. If  I remember correctly, there was some sea salt on the chocolate that really extracted/heightened the sweetness. I think it is quite evident that I enjoyed my meal at Sage. The service was attentive and efficient. Atmosphere was relatively romantic. From the quality of food coming out, it is quite evident that the executive chef behind the concept is in the kitchen.  Definitely a restaurant to watch for (i see a michelin star in it's future)This restaurant is at the top of my list on my next trip to Vegas.
2	You basically go to Sage because of the atmosphere, ambiance and curiousity. We had reservations for 7 and we didn't sit until 7:30. They do make you wait in the bar area to get you to drink, which is ok, because you want to sit and chat but it was unnecessary. I had a Saison Dupont and some of the others had notable belgian biers and very good imports. The drinks were not pricey but on par with Vegas prices.The wait staff was great, very attentive and hung onto our every word and if we needed something, they were there. I ordered the octopus salad appetizer, which was very good. I would recommend this dish. I had the Pork loin entree, which was almost $40 for a small portion of meat. The meal was great, everything you would expect from a new expensive restaurant. Some of the other members of my group were not as impressed. I don't blame them. It's not the best restaurant in Vegas nor the hotel. But it was an experience. One of the members of my party ordered the Yellowtail Crudo. Now, what is crudo, we still don't know, but we think it's foam. Yes, foam. The dish came out and it was a fish foam with pine nuts. Wow, $20 for foam. Not impressive. The attitude, atmosphere and ambiance were great but I wish we had tried the absinthe but we were full and the absinthe was $25 and up and I think everyone had the fill of expensive stuff that day.  I give this place 2 stars because my meal was very tasty and i high recommend them both but the price is high and the crudo put a wierd spin on the whole night.
5	Hubby and I were staying at The Aria, a hotel so high-end that are no schlocky snack-bar nor fast-food joints to be found ANYWHERE.  Any random restaurant at the Aria is bound to be good, but Sage is a veritable gem. Hubby and I love food, and frequent many terrific establishments, but Sage presented us with the most exquisite dining experience we've enjoyed in many a year. The many four and five-star reviews by my fellow Yelp-ers helped "seal the deal" for going to Sage our last night in Vegas. We thank you!I wish I could explain what it is that makes Sage so superlatively great. The best I can is to say that there is a way the food makes you "feel".The sensual deliciousness of the flavors, the freshness of the ingredients, the skill and care of the preparations, the elegance of the setting, the artistry of the presentation and  the grace of the staff all come together to elevate the meal into something quite marvelous and magical. This is everything fine dining is supposed to be, but hardly ever is...Hubby and Ioved the Kusshi Oyster appetizer, six tiny gems that made us feel like a million bucks (oysters are supposed to be an aphrodiasiac, but I cant remember the last time an oyster, tasty as they are, made me "feel" anything!) Hubby had the pork loin, which was succulent, and the second preparation of a pork canneloni was both luscious and surprising.  I had the scallops, which were enormous and perfectly cooked,seared on the outside and creamy-almost custardy-in the center; simply exquisite. We were too stuffed for dessert, but the complimentary hot chocolate shot was smooth like pudding,and  the perfect end to this amazing meal.We would return to Sage in a heartbeat, and recommend the place to anyone going to Las Vegas.
5	I came here for my 21st Birthday and put together a beer pairing menu for my guests ahead of time. Sage was entirely accommodating and provided absolutely impeccable service. The entire staff was welcoming and professional- I was exceedingly satisfied.To begin with we were brought breads paired with supple butter and Australian sea salt- the sea salt was surprisingly a standout addition.______Kusshi Oyster - My favorite of the night, don't miss out on these. Trust ME. Kusshi oysters are some of the best ones around.. incredible.Pacific Yellowtail Crudo- A little bit creamy, but melt in your mouth deliciousI also enjoyed a Glass of  Meursault, Joseph Drouhin, Burgundy (this white wine is phenomenal) & La Fin Dumonde - Perfect with the oysters, a light and refreshing pair__Charred Baby Octopus Caponata- Phenomenal highlight- if you even like octopus, you will Love this one.Slow-Poached Organic Farm Egg- rich and thick, slow poached perfectionBeer:Orval Trappist Ale Schneider Aventinus__For our main course we had the Salmon, which was done with classic elegance, a dish involving a type of Manta Ray- which I found to be lacking in flavor and moisture compared to the rest of the meal, and the Lamb Cheeks ( which I recommend ordering Rare -Med.Rare. My fiance liked it more well done but I really wasn't a fan) I drank their Cotes du Rhone Clos du Caillou and Chimay Grande Reserve. Both of these were expectedly excellent.We enjoyed two desserts, but the Canelles de Bordeaux easily stole the show, with its waffle crispness and coconut ice cream.Tripel Karmeliet was a perfect dessert Pairing & the Glass of P.J. Vlackenberg Eiswein, "Madonna" for me as a little extra indulgence was slightly thicker and sweeter than I prefer, but wonderful all the same. Another guest of mine enjoyed the Sauternes from the menu which wasn't as smooth as I was expecting. Each of the beers had its own special glass in which to pour to bring out each beer's individual notes; as it should be- My guests were especially impressed when a cover for an entree was brought to the table when one of our guests wasn't present as entrees were served. Everything about this restaurant is phenomenal- from the ambiance down to the luxurious paper our bill was printed on. I could not have had a better experience.
4	The recent Vegas trip was all about exploring the restaurants in the new City Center, and Sage was one of our adventure. The service, decor, ambiance are all first class, the food was good, but not the best we ever had. Interestingly, I would rate the freebies the highest: the salmon tar-tare was very tasty and refreshing; the bacon roll was flaky, crunchy & even better w/butter & salt. I blamed myself not to ask for an additional one; :( and the chocolate butterscotch was smooth and creamy...yum! For Appetizer, kusshi oysters are definitely "Must-Have"! The best of its kind! They are small, but fatty and juicy. The sauce is incredible as well. A 5-star here! For entrees, I had the scallops with braised ox tail. Huge scallops tenderly seared with very rich braised oxtail. The mushroom and leafy veggie (don't know what it was, but it was good ) were soaked in the rich oxtail gravy and were actually the best part, in my opinion. I would give the scallops a solid 4-star. My husband ordered Belgian Ale-Braised Short Rib. The short ribs were slowly braised, and were very tender. Honestly, they were good , but not the best  we have had in other places. Again, it was a rich dish with big portion, it made him so full that I had to help out :( We both agree that's a 3.5 star dish!
4	Definitely had to pick a new restaurant to try out while visiting Aria for the first time, and Sage made the cut! We chose Sage mainly because of the other great reviews we found on Yelp, so thank you fellow yelpers! Anyways, you won't find another restaurant like this in Vegas right now! It is really different, but in a nice way! We loved the well-spaced seating throughout the restaurant. Great ambiance, as well! They have a very nice beer selection, so the hubby tried a couple different types of beers and I stuck with a glass or two of cab. For appetizers we shared the oysters (hubby's pick) and the black and blue tuna (my pick). Let's just say I thoroughly enjoy my pick and hubby enjoyed his as well, but there wasn't a whole lot of sharing going on, haha. For the entrees, hubby had the veal cheeks and I had the scallops with oxtail. The veal was very tender, almost like a stew consistency. And my scallops were like butter......so very good!!! A great recommendation from our waiter. By the end of the meal, the waiter brought us our bill, and I noticed it had a few extra items on it that we didn't have. We brought this to his attention and he fixed it right away. Normally, I would have been a little upset at this, but it was an honest mistake as I noticed all the additional items were what was ordered by the couple next to us, haha! Probably the best part of the meal was the complimentary hot chocolate shooter they give to you at the end! It was really quite delectable...I think I would have taken a few and called it a night ; )
4	KK and I are in Vegas right now, since Wednesday, for a conference. It's always a big dilemma for me when in Vegas. Do I revisit the place I know I love, or do I try the millions of new restaurants that have opened since I was last here?On this trip, we've been doing both.One of the new places we simply had to go to was the Aria Hotel; this much, I knew.  KK made a reservation prior to our arrival to dine at Sage, Aria Hotel's posh restaurant.The decor at Aria is nothing short of beautiful.  It's a great mix of romantic balanced out w/ modern and sharp. One entire wall of blue light extends an element of fun and lively, but the conservative hardware used to design the place makes it intimate and romantic. Never before have I seen a restaurant that gave so much space in between tables -- privacy was never an issue.We arrived early to our meal after a happy hour at Social House at Crystals, and the host sat us immediately at a corner table.  The server was nothing short of perfect as far as attentiveness and friendliness.We ordered a bottle of a New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc and read over the menu.  Everything read beautifully.I chose to have the sweetbreads and flatiron steak; KK chose the eggplant soup, Kusshi oysters, and pork loin.The amuse bouche of the evening was a sterling silver spoonful of smoked salmon -- totally underwhelming and entirely too small to form a real opinion regarding this dish.But then began a wonderful procession of food.I tried KK's eggplant soup - and never before have I tasted eggplant so delicious!My sweetbreads were delicious and perfectly cooked. The taste was not masked by sauces - and it was accompanied by thick slices of pork belly.  How could one go wrong with that?KK's pork loin was absolutely delicious. I usually refrain from ordering pork loin due to it being dry, but however Sage cooked it, it was phenomenal.The true show stealer, however, was my flaitiron steak.  I can honestly say that never before have these lips of mine come together with flatiron (not a normally impressive cut) cooked and seasoned so beautifully, with shaved truffle atop the beauty of this dish.  I had asked for it was "medium rare, but err on the side of err" to which the server replied, "So, rare plus?"  I agreed, and this was PERFECT.  I licked the plate clean.So why four stars?Well, it's the oysters.  I know and love Kusshi oysters but these were subpar -- I've had better elsewhere.  If you're going to dress them yourself and not offer the typical horseradish and lemon, then you best be sure that you dress them well.  The kitchen, however, didn't make such an impressive creation, and any restaurant that doesn't serve their oysters properly cannot be given 5 stars, in my opinion.We had originally intended to return to Social House for dessert, per the request of the general manager of Social House.  However, given how great Sage's food was, I was inclined to try at least one dessert.  When our server told us about their french press coffee, well -- he had me at "French".Strangely enough, neither KK nor I remember the pannacotta we ordered.  I do remember the coffee, which was quite delicious, but not the pannacotta.  Very odd.  We simply shared the dessert, then ran back to Social House to try their new coffee and desserts.Sage is an outstanding new restaurant. For such a new place, they had their act together. The front lounge is phenomenal, and the back restaurant is nothing short of impressive.  The meal is expensive, but well worth every dollar.On your next trip to Vegas, be sure to check out Sage at the beautiful Aria Hotel.  Running around the Aria Hotel from place to place, bar to bar - and having great company was without a doubt one of my best Vegas memories to date.
4	In a sea of fine dining Las Vegas has become a mecca where star chefs from all over the planet come and place their names on lavish multimillion dollar build-outs. Kudos to Alex Strata who actually resides here to oversee his pride and joy. Sage by Chef Shawn McClaine is another great restaurant in every way shape and form. The menu and wine list are strong and diverse. The quality of ingredients is definitely there. Let's not talk about price because you get what you pay for. We had a party of eight and tried just about everything on the menu except for maybe 3 entrees and 3 vegetarian dishes. The beet salad was refreshing and sublime. The sweet breads and veal cheeks were rich, flavorful and satisfying. Presentation on all the dishes was perfect, balanced and well thought out. The few weaknesses in my opinion were the lobster ravioli, hamachi crudo and pork tenderloin which was on the dry side. Lobster dish was decent but just not great. The sauce lacked somewhat in depth and the ravioli were okay. Hamachi was not bad, but maybe going with a Kampachi would be a better choice. Desserts were good and service was very attentive. All in all it was a very nice evening and the atmosphere was relaxing. Will return again to try more dishes.
5	Very beautiful restaurant.  The ambiance, the service, the food...  all amazing.  Pricey, but hey, when in Vegas...My husband and I went for the prix frixe.  The highlight, the FOIE GRAS BRULEE = AMAAAAZING!  Seriously, I get foie gras wherever I go (like sea bass and lamb, can't help myself), but I've never had foie gras like this.  Brulee style - creamy, smooth foie gras topped with a crispy flamed crust and solid foie gras shavings.  OMG!!  YUM!  The brioche was also very tasty - the perfect vehicle.As everyone has mentioned, the SKIRT STEAK was also really really good.  Tender, flavorful, melt in your mouth.The whole dinner was fabulous.  We were so full, but couldn't help finishing everything that was presented to us.  Definitely a good place for a special, romantic dinner.
3	I love the decor and ambiance here. Foie Gras Brulee and eggplant soup were rich. Overall menu was rich, old world classics revamped. Interestingly the menu and ambiance were descriptive of the flavors. All very cohesive. (like Frances). I would have given it a better rating but I did not like the raw wasu tartare.
5	My husband and I were blown away by this place!  We are fairly serious foodies and ate here twice during our week long vacation, canceling our reservation at Alex in favor of dining here a second time.  The very first introduction to the restaurant space is the modern glass and wood wine racks creating three hallways into the beautifully rich bar space.  The deep espresso stained woods and rich vibrant purples flow seamlessly from the front bar area to the nearly hidden  dining room.  It is spacious yet cozy with well placed tables close enough together to keep it warm and cozy but far enough away to allow each table privacy and intimacy.  There are large scenes painted on two walls and illuminated in deep purple.  Somehow they almost appear 3-dimensional.  Very interesting viewing!The menu has a little something for everyone.  On our first visit my husband had the chilled corn soup with Dungeness crab, braised short ribs, and sweet corn panna cotta.  Everything he had was solidly good, but he chose too much corn based food.  Though tasty, Alan Wong's short ribs are better.  I chose the foie gras brulee with warm (melt-in-your-mouth) salted brioche for my appetizer because other reviews raved-O!M!G!!!!!  Warm and cool, sweet and salty, creamy and crunchy all in one!  THIS IS THE BEST DISH I HAVE EVER HAD!!! EVER!!! PERIOD!!!!  There really isn't any way one can describe this dish in words and make it sound appetizing.  You are going to have to trust me and everyone else who gushes about this dish and try it.  I would bathe in it if I could!  This was followed by the halibut, solidly good with subtle flavor and perfectly cooked.  For dessert I chose the s'more-also tasty with a deep rich fudgy brownie topped with a homemade torched marshmallow and a graham cookie tuille.  Though not my favorite ever dessert I would order it again.  the parting taste was a small drink of homemade hot chocolate-mighty tasty!On our second visit (Thursday, August 5, 2010), my husband (a creature of habit) again opted for the chilled corn soup with Dungeness crab, followed by strip steak that was extremely well cooked and seasoned.  For dessert he uncharacteristically chose the plum financier with vanilla milkshake and really enjoyed it (reminiscent of the root beer float at Michael Mina).  I, obviously, HAD to have the foie gras brulee again.  As good as I remembered.  The only odd thing was they served it with only two pieces of brioche rather than four as they did the first time.  Four is perfect for the dish, two isn't enough.  They quickly brought four more when asked, which allowed my husband to enjoy the brioche which he loved (he isn't a a foie fan in any way, shape, or form).  While the main course and dessert were both solid, the start for me was once again the brulee!  At the conclusion of the meal this time the drink was homemade mint hot chocolate.  While not usually a fan of mint, it was quite pleasant in this preparation.  Overall:  YUM!!!
4	awesome service, fantastic veal cheek entree, great oysters, great martini. would def. come back.
5	Awesome atmosphere, service, and food - especially if you're a vegetarian. They have the best butter & sourdough rolls. Then there are cold soups for dinner and dessert, awesome eggs & potatoes, very light gnocchi, full bar with specialty cocktails. Sage are food and drink experts. My girlfriend had dreams about this place 2 nights in a row. It rules!
4	The entrance to Sage is completely dwarfed by the bright and massive entrance to Bar Masa. As you walk towards the restaurants the Bar Masa entrance is in the center, Julian Serrano to the right, and Sage is off to the left. Despite having the least appealing entrance of the three, the food at Sage takes a back seat to no one.At a glance, the menu has a little something for everyone -- steak, seafood, pasta, vegetarian options -- and a few dishes that might make middle America say, "huh?" (sweetbreads and foie gras custard). With so many tantalizing options and my limited stomach capacity (sidenote #1: as I get older I'm getting fatter but eating less... my metabolism is shot.) I wasn't sure what to choose. So, thank god for tasting menus. After hearing which dishes were on the chef's tasting menu ($120 pp) it was a no-brainer for my wife and I to get it. //Amuse bouche//A single Kusshi oyster that went down smoothly then kicked me in the taste buds, thanks to a tobasco sorbet and a tequila-something or other. (sidenote #2: I never take notes while eating and have a terrible memory, therefore most of my reviews aren't that detailed)//First course//Yellowtail Crudo. Delicate slices of yellowtail with mushrooms, truffles, and pine nuts gave this fabulous dish a light, refreshing, and emphatic earthy flavor.//Second course//Foie Gras Custard Brulee. I have no idea how this dish is made and I'm not sure i want to. But, it was the most unique dish of the night and one that was so deliciously sweet and savory at the same time. Foie gras with the texture of creme brulee. With bing cherries and salted brioche. Amazing! They give you a fork, spoon and knife to eat it and I used each and every utensil to scrape the foie on the brioche or directly into my salivating mouth. Despite the dish's awesomeness, it's so rich that I can't imagine eating more than the serving provided (and part of my wife's).//Third course//Lobster Gnocchi. I love lobster. I love gnocchi. Put them together and I'm in heaven. So light and delicate! Although the mint and other herbs in the dish gave it a very strong earthy taste.//Fourth course//Scallop. I was on a total food high at this point. I really can't recall many details about the scallop other than it's served pre-sliced, was laying on a bed of risotto, and was accompanied by a slice of prosciutto. Make no mistake... it was tasty but not as memorable as the other dishes.//Fifth course//Ribeye. Several slices of tender beef cooked to a perfect medium rare with some tempura mushrooms (?). It was so incredibly delicious that I think it may have been as good, if not better, than the ribeye I had at CUT.//Ah... the ol' palate cleanser//Raspberry Sorbet. Smooth and sweet. A perfect set up for the final course.//Sixth course//Sweet Corn Panna Cotta. After such a delicious meal this dessert was a bit of a let down. Call me old fashioned, but I tend to like traditional desserts with traditional ingredients. The sweet corn taste was good but just a little odd to me. I'm glad I tried it but it's not something I would crave again.While the food was exceptional, the service was just the opposite. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't awful, but it was off-key most of the night. Let's rewind and start from the beginning...What a fabulous choice [sarcasm] for management to hire a hostess that hates people, doesn't like to smile, and acts like she's doing you a huge favor by walking you to your table. After that great start to the night we sat at our table and waited. And waited. It was almost 15 minutes before someone (not our waitress but another employee) acknowledged our presence. Another 10 minutes pass before we get water. When our waitress finally shows up we mention the slow service and she gets defensive. Doesn't apologize or anything. We order drinks and that doesn't come out until after the amuse bouche. Then on two separate occasions we see a waitress heading towards our table then veer off to the server's station when she sees that our place settings are correctly set. We knew it was our food because we saw her standing there as new utensils were set, then she finally walked back to our table to deliver the food. If it happened one time... no biggie. But twice? When we're dropping four bills to eat dinner I expect service to be top notch. Then of course, there's the glasses of water. It seems like such a simple concept -- if a glass is empty, fill it up. Not here. Maybe each guest is only allowed one refill? We're in a desert after all, so maybe it's so scarce that they're saving it for the waterfall outside of the Aria registration area? The service did get better towards the end of the meal and our ice princess waitress even cracked a smile and seemed a little friendlier (although in a fake "I really don't care how you're doing" sort of way). The food here is 5 stars in my book, but they'll have to settle for 4 because of the crappy service.
4	This review pertains to the Restaurant Week menu. The Skinny: solid modern twist to some great classic offerings (4) service is warm and efficient (5) value: it's restaurant week - for the level of cuisine, definitely worth and can't wait to try it again (4). My hubby and I were super stoked to try this place out after all the accolades by the local food critic. Between the both of us, we tried all the items on the tasting menu (see pics above): summer peach salad, corn chowder, wagyu beef and halibut. We started off with an amuse of ahi tuna tartare which was nicely balanced in flavour and texture. The corn chowder with crab really accentuated the natural characteristics of corn - it's innate sweetness and it's creamy texture. Wonderful dish. The salad was a truly harmonious dish. Everything just worked on the plate. You had the textural crunch of the nuts, the saltiness of the bacon, the sweet/tart of the peaches and the lightness of the butter lettuce. All these ingredients sung inside your mouth. The entrees were slightly less successful than the appetizers. The wagyu sirloin served with boulangere potatoes, onion tart and pickled tomatoes was good but wasn't perfect. Beef had a nice texture and was seasoned correctly but wasn't anything special. The pickled tomatoes were delicious with the onion tart. The boulangere potatoes were a miss - blanched potatoes sitting in a bland rosemary infused consomme. The halibut fared better. It was well seasoned and cooked perfectly. Loved the accompanying vegetables and use of apricots to sweeten the dish. Dessert was a modern twist on the s'more. A caramelized marshmallow topping over a chocolate cake with a ginger graham cracker and a serving of ice cream. I loved the story the pastry chef was trying to convey with the use of pine nuts in the ice cream to remind diners of the woods and campfires (although it didn't really taste like pine nuts, it was a nice idea). We were also treated to a hot chocolate mixed with espresso which was a nice end to the meal. Service was friendly and the atmosphere is tres chic. The manager recognized us from the Wet Republic event (I'm not sure how because it was packed there) the night before and welcomed us to the restaurant. Overall, given the quality of the food and menu, this place deserves a solid 4 star rating and a return trip to try their non-Restaurant week offerings.
4	Dined in for Restaurant Week 2010. Was initially turned off by the maitre d, he was pompus and insincere, fortunately we stuck it out and we enjoyed a meal that exceeded our expectations. There were no further snafus.Between my husband and I we sampled the entire Restaurant Week menu. An amuse bouche of artichoke and prosciutto got us started, it was tastier than you can imagine. We were stoked to see what else was in store.We snacked on breads, bacon and baguette. The bacon was the better of the two, but it was nowhere near as good as what Stack used to serve. In fact it only made me miss it more, but I digress.Appetizers consisted of a peach summer salad and sweet corn chowder. The salad was a fantastic blend of fresh well balanced flavors. The chowder, yum! Sweet corn, crab and ricotta dumplings. I was in love.As for the mains, we had halibut and wagyu sirloin. The crusts on both were brilliantly executed. They know how to sear their proteins. Veggies were all nicely prepared, as well. The potatoes being my least favorite.Dessert was a whimsy fun play on s'mores. Delicious and fun to eat.I have to say Sage delivered and I'm looking forward to a return visit.
5	Dinner was AMAZING service was FANTASTIC . TEA ROSE cocktail GLORIOUS .
5	1 star for beautiful decor - next time, I will try to get one of the cool looking booths for 2. 1 star for attentive service3 stars for the amazing foie gras brulee!!! Definitly unique. sweet and salty and perfect.I had the Restaruant Week Menu with  corn chowder, halibut, and chocolate smores dessert. Food was excellent. My  husband ordered the Foie Gras Brulee appetizer and the Kobe Steak. I stole the appetizer. It was so  yummy.
4	August C and I met for dinner here last night, and we had a thoroughly enjoyable meal.  We each ordered the four course Chef's Signature menu.  Sage is in the Aria Hotel and Casino in City Center at the end of the entrance near the registration area for the hotel.We started with an amuse-bouche.  I have forgotten the ingredients but it was a good way to get us ready for our fine meal. For the first course, we got the same thing - Wagyu Beef Tartare prepared with crushed caper aioli, a poached egg, and some crispy chocolate pieces like small potato chip slices with a chocolate flavor.  The texture of the Wagyu was excellent.  The starter came with bread pieces to eat with the Waygu or spread the Wagyu on.  Very interesting and tasty dish.For the second course, we each got the Lobster ravioli.  It had a lemon and olive puree, some corn pieces, mascarpone, and fresh mint.  This course was very tasty.  The mint gave the dish a good counterpoint to the olive oil and lemon puree.For the third course, I got the Iberico pork loin done with bacon, braised shoulder cannelloni, and tomato.  August got the Snake River Farms New York steak strip with marrow, potatoes and fried Maitake mushrooms.  We enjoyed our respective main courses.  For the last course, August got the Sweet Corn Panna Cotta and I got the Chocolate S'mores.  The panna cotta had marinated apricot, caramel Ice Cream, and a popcorn tuile.  My S'mores consisted of a milk chocolate brownie, some smoked marshmallow laid out lengthwise over the brownie, a a Greek yogurt sorbet.  There was a piece of graham cracker cookie next to the brownie/marshmallow piece and some chocolate swirls.   It was very tasty, but I thought it could use a little bit more marshmallow.Dinner ended with a small cup of hot chocolate with a shot of espresso.  A super way to end a good meal.Service was excellent.  The restaurant is quite beautiful.  This is a place to which I would return.  It was a nice dinner and lots of pleasant conversation.  This will also teach our wives a lesson or two about leaving us in Las Vegas while they're off visiting family.
5	fancy shmancy!!! my big brother came into to town and took me  out to dinner at sage, to start out with the service was wonderful! Our waiter was super friendly and helpful! We got the signature menu and everything was delicious, beef tartare was amazing! There was also a dish with scallops in it that just melted in your mouth, we also ordered one of every dessert =D and I loved them all!!
4	My buddy and I stopped in without a reservation on a Saturday night. We were hungry having just flown in a couple of hour earlier... and wanted a good meal. We both looked like crap! we are two guys in our 30's, shorts and mismatched shirts... we probably should have been told no, but were told that we could eat in the bar if "we wanted." Great! No one knows us in this place... so we sat down at a table for two in an open area in front of the Bar. My friend started on Beer and I jumped into Appleton Rum. Our waitress was an all star... she could have taken us as a bad investment, but she did not. After 4 courses and 4 drinks each our bill and tip was $300. We sat there and people watched and discussed life for 2 hours and never felt rushed. I must say, that we were fish out of water, and next time I will dress up a bit more.
5	Simply the best meal I have had in a while.  And they have a Vegetarian Entree section on the menu.  This makes my wife happy, as her meal isn't an afterthought.  Well done.
5	Cool bar/restaurant in the new City Center.  Great drink selection...specialized absinthe drinks, Belgian beers.  Food was very artistic...foie gras was the best I've ever had.
5	Whoa baby!  I have to thank my fellow Yelpers for this one because without your reviews, I probably would have gone right past Sage.  This restaurant was the only part of my experience at the Aria that was without flaw.  The decor of the restaurant is sexy, urban, chic.  Stroll past the imposing wine cases into an environment that closes out the casino completely and focuses on making your taste buds so very happy.My first thumbs up goes to the bar staff.  Very well executed classic cocktails.  Though I did not sample the wines myself, another couple that were local, explained to me that they come to Sage just for the wine selection.  Try the Sazerac if you're inclined to enjoy something with some whiskey in it.  The bartender really enjoys making them and she made a beauty.On to the food.  The amuse bouche was a generous spoon of a tuna tartare that was excellent.  It was the starter that let me know all you Yelpers had done me right.  I had the Waygu Beef Tartare.  It's served with little crisps of chocolate.  I would have never imagined that pairing, but it sure worked well.  An exceptional starter.  So how do you top that starter?  A Kobe Flatiron steak did the trick for me.  It was topped with some shaved truffle, baby carrots on top of a neat little potato deal.  The steak was perfectly prepared and carved for me to appreciate all of it's medium rareness.  The quality of the beef was apparent and it was exceptional.  I forgot what the little potato thing was, but it was very thinly sliced and transformed in such a way that it did not resemble a potato product in appearance.  While I was tempted to indulge in dessert, I knew I had a long evening ahead of me, so I enjoyed my Sazerac and promised myself I would be back, oh yes, I will be back :-)
3	definitely a huge meal splurge.Came here spontaneously for our first night's dinner in Las Vegas. It was a friend's 21st birthday so I didn't mind spending this much on a fanciful dinner. Seeing as though we didn't have any reservations, with some contacts, we started making last minute phone calls to any restaurant names we had. After having been told that it would be over an hour wait here, we asked a contact to help put our names on their list. Finally doing so, got our names on the list and were seated immediately (there were enough tables for possibly 5 parties, why they said it'd be over an hour wait? no clue). The restaurant is beautiful. It's dimly lit, hostesses are tall and gorgeous, waiters and servers have great manners, and it just makes you feel rich and proper even when you're not.We ordered one of the cheapest wines for the table. Delicious mixture of sweetness and bitterness. It was evenly distributed amongst the five of us and was worth every drop. Complimentary bouche of tuna tartare was D-E-licious and the complimentary bacon/sourdough bread with whipped butter and salt?? ahhhh salivating thinking about it.As for the actual meals...we each ordered separate meals but I don't recall any of us extremely satisfied with it. I ordered the gnocchi which was prob one of the most decently priced and tasty. There was one who ordered steak and another who ordered lamb, both of which had quality taste. My problems, however, is the fact that the restaurant priced everything soooo high when the food isn't THAT exceptional. Also, the mood is great and everything but honestly, I can make the same lighting with candles at home. Another flaw...the items recommended by our server (two ordered based on recommendations) were not all tasteful..literally, no taste.But overall, good experience with the complimentary foods. drool
5	Great new American food in a modern, cool setting.The ambiance provides a strong contrast to the simple, well edited, delicious food.  First the lounge menu; the crab and sweet corn fritters or the fig and blue cheese tart are both so good.  It makes me hungry just thinking about them.  Both pair so well with an extra dry Hendricks martini!From the ala carte menu, the foie gras custard brulee is incredible.  What's not to like after all; its paired with cherries and cocoa.  Yep chocolate.  The Heirloom beet salad is also excellent.  The Braised veal cheeks also deserve special mention.  The flavor is so delicate and the meat so tender.I was skeptical about trying the restaurant when I first read the menu online feeling that the combinations of ingredients seemed a bit off.  I was thankfully wrong.
5	Sage is tucked into a corner nearby the Aria hotel lobby. While it is not Michelin-rated restaurant, the experiences I've heard of about this restaurant have only been positive. I was looking forward to trying a meal here after missing a chance in my previous trip.After approaching the hostess for a table at 7:30pm on a Sunday evening, we were led on a lengthy journey to our table near the back of the room by the wall. The room was spread out, with alternating dark curtains and mirrors, as well as some murals on the wall.One of the best things about Sage is that the servers and hostesses were hardly pretentious despite being quite formal. I felt well taken care of without any hint of attitude or arrogance despite the fact that I was under dressed for the restaurant. As for the food, the menu is quite varied and will likely appeal to a wide variety of people. One of the main ideas behind the restaurant is fresh ingredients, and some of the menu items are very appealing with that in mind.We decided to start with a pumpkin soup, but were allowed to taste a spoonful of some sort of raw tuna appetizer, and it was tasty despite the fact that I don't particularly like any types of raw meats. The pumpkin soup was split for us and was absolutely delicious. It was pretty rich with pumpkin flavor and little bacon bits and a dab of sour cream that melted in.For our main courses, we had a Mushroom Risotto and Braised Short Ribs. Both were extremely delicious, but we made the mistake of choosing two very rich dishes. We passed them back and forth.The short ribs were fork tender with fantastic flavor. They were served in an interesting silver pan along with greens, a small potato side, and some fennel. I could only argue that it could have come with some more potato. The Mushroom Risotto was bursting with a variety of flavors, from the normal buttery rice, to a unique citrus burst, to the pumpkin mushrooms that were perfectly tender.We were quite full, but I really wanted to try some sort of dessert, so we ordered a lemon-thyme semifreddo with roasted grapes and some sort of cookie on the side. The first bite was unbelievable - the flavor of the semifreddo was so delicious and its texture was unexpected.Our server brought us some complimentary shot-glass of hot chocolate that basically was so strongly flavored it tasted as if it was literally milk chocolate melted down. It was a nice touch, and always appreciated to receive those little surprise treats.Our experience at Sage was top-notch, and I would recommend it to anyone searching for a reasonably priced meal at a one-star Michelin level restaurant (though it is not rated, it has not technically been reviewed with that possibility since there is no 2010 Michelin review). Our bill came out to 89 dollars pretaxtip, which was definitely within reason as I actually liked the food more than what I had at Bradley Ogden during my last trip (which was very similarly priced).
4	We went there on a Monday and it was very slow which is sad. I'm hoping it was just because it was Monday. The dining room looked amazing. It was dark, sleek and had black lights which is always a plus. We chose the 4 course tasting menu. Everything was delicious and a good size. The service was good but not very welcoming. Our server seemed like he was just going through the motions. I know it's fine dining, but I feel service should not be stuffy even at high end restaurants.
4	went to celebrate my 5 year anniversary on Halloween in Vegas.  did some research & found this place @ Aria.  very cool spot,  food was great.  by far one of the coolest establishments in LV.  trust me,  think i've eaten almost everywhere on the strip.  they have dishes for everybody,  vegan,  vegetarian,  seafood,  meat,  it's all amazing.  very fresh,  very refined American cuisine.  dessert was out of this world as well.  corkage $35:(
5	Let's start with the incredible atmosphere; an elegant and calming oasis in the what can certainly be described as "the circus" that is Las Vegas. The service is top notch and the food delectable. I dined on the second night of two nights in Las Vegas. And had I known how amazing they were, I would have come both nights. Every morsel of food I put in my mouth was perfection, from the roasted pumpkin soup to the atlantic arctic char, and finishing with a round of desserts, I was in heaven. Truly this has been one of my most memorable meals of the year.
3	I went here with no expectations.  The layout and design of this place was top notch.  It is sure to impress whoever you take.  The service was also excellent.The food?  My experience was probably a 1 or 2.  However, my friends enjoyed their food so much, I couldn't see giving Sage a low rating.  I had one of the tasting course options, and I picked wrong on every single choice while my friends actually did have pretty good food.  My pork tasted like honey baked ham, which I absolutely detest, and I wish I was over exaggerating   The rumor was the foie gras is amazing.  I was not impressed.  It was served like a creme brulee (yes, with sugar on top) with a piece of bread absolutely soaked in butter.  It was barely edible for me.  My friends thought it was heaven, but I couldn't not take but two bites, and I usually enjoy foie gras.  It was just too heavy.  The whole meal is extremely heavy.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, but you should be forewarned.  The prices were very reasonable for the kind of experience you are getting.  I just wish my experience was a bit better.
3	I had dinner at Sage a couple of months ago with co-workers. I had the braised veal cheeks and the cheese plate. The veal cheeks were very good and tender. Nice atmosphere too. While I enjoyed my meal I probably would only go back if it was expensed again.
5	We had an amazing experience here. There were only a few other guests here while we were dinning so things were very intimate. The food and service was beyond 5 stars. The ambiance is amazing. Dark, intimate, and classically modern. Being here just felt right. They have a million people on staff. One person brings you to your seat, another person pulls the chair back for you, another bring silverware, another does drinks, etc. you get the point. Their fresh baked breads were amazing and constant! They had bacon bread rolls made every 20 minutes, they were amazing. The Amuse-bouche was a tuna tartar that really set the tone for the evening. We ordered the Wagyu tartar and sweetbreads for the appetizer, they were insanely good and fairly priced. The Wagyu was served with a chocolate crisp and mixed with the most delicate of ingredients topped with an egg yolk. The sweetbreads were lightly battered and confit in bacon lardo, the sweetbreads go down as one of the best dishes I have had. I had the veal cheeks, I have had veal cheeks before and this is by far the best that I had. They were cooked to perfection, I cannot say anything bad about my dish. This place truly deserves its Michelin stars! The prices are so good considering what you get. There were 4 of us, we had 2 apps, 4 meals, 2 bottles of wine and dessert all under $400?! This is insane for 4 people at a Michelin rated restaurant.
5	Foie gras brulee!!!!!!!! Why have I never tasted this before? This officially replaces sticky toffee pudding as "sex on a plate". I went here before seeing Cirque du Soleil's "ka" At the MGM grand (it is right across the street located in the new and very beautiful city center complex) and I have to say that the meal was even better than the show (because the show was pretty cool--I mean the moving stage is genius and what they do on it while it's vertical is the coolest part of the show). We arrived early and I had a sublimely subtle sage martini at the bar before sitting down in one of the very mellow eggplant-colored dining rooms. The amuse bouche was this delicious tuna tartar with pureed sweet potatoes, the orgasmic foie gras I already mentioned, and the skirt steak was cooked right--medium rare--with almonds and thinly sliced new potatoes. My boyfriend had the veal with mushrooms and it was so buttery and sensual that I was tempted to eat his entree as well. The cheesecake hit just the right texture and hint of pucker, but the real end of the meal came in a tiny cup from the chef--an orange hot chocolate that was so perfectly blended and balanced with a rich cocoa flavor and not a trace of bitterness, and not overly sweet either, that I couldn't help but do that shuddering sigh that only true happiness can induce.
4	Charred octopus salad, Duck Confit....  all good what can say.....  except for the killer bacon bread.  A must to go to.
4	My family and I dined here for Christmas Eve dinner. We had the option of choosing the Christmas prix fixe menu (3 courses, $75) or Chef McClain's Signature prix fixe menu (4 courses, $85, $50 optional beer or wine pairing). We all chose to go with the Christmas menu, with each of us ordering different items from it.After ordering, we were delivered bread. No bread basket. Each person was given a bacon bread roll (a round bread roll with bacon in it!) and a little sour dough baguette. Both were delicious, especially when topped with the butter and sea salt brought for the table.Then we were brought an amuse bouche, which was delicious. It was pumpkin seeds, a piece of oven-dried tomato, some kind of tangy cheese I can't remember, and probably some other things - but so delicious. Just a very small bite served on a silver spoon.For the first course, we had the Taylor Gold Pears & Shaved Brussels Sprouts, Foie Gras Custard Brulee, Wagyu Beef Tartare, and Vancouver Island Kusshi Oysters. All were delicious! The foie gras and tartare, though, were very rich - almost too rich to finish the entire serving.For the main course, we had Dayboat Scallops, Braised Veal Cheeks, and Grilled American Skirt Steak. Again, all were delicious! Best scallops I've ever tasted. The braised veal cheeks had such a good flavor. And the skirt steak was nothing like what I usually think of when I think of skirt steak (which was a good thing).For dessert, we had the Honeycrisp Apple Tart and Dark Chocolate & Espresso Mousse Cake. Both were great, but neither were "wow" desserts.The cocktail, beer, and wine list was great. I especially appreciated the beer list. It was filled with the type of beers one would actually have with such a type of meal. Classy beers with tremendous flavor profiles that pair well with the food.The service was pretty much outstanding. Only complaint is that despite the server asking what our plans were after / if we had any time constraints (we were promptly seated at 5:00pm and had tickets for a 7:00pm show), it was 6:25pm before we got our dessert course and 6:45pm before we got our check (after flagging him down). Ultimately, it all worked out, but we felt a little frazzled as we didn't want to be late for the show.The decor and atmosphere is perfect. It's an amazing and enjoyable dining space. Understated purples and golds, just the right size tables, etc.
5	Full review in the blog.  Highlight courses below.I must say that the dining room at Sage is amongst the most dramatic in Vegas.  High ceilings, excellent spacing, minimalist art on the walls, plenty of dark tones and piano finish, plus ample lighting at each seat without being too bright between tables - the word "sexy" comes to mind immediately.  With ambient forgettable music playing overhead the location and setting does not hide the fact that you are in Vegas, but at the same time you feel miles away from a "casino restaurant."  Not as secluded as Savoy, Robuchon, Twist, or Alex, but a different experience entirely - Sage feels accessible, a place where a drink and appetizers, a course or two a la carte, or a tasting menu are equally valued and nice jeans and a button down shirt look just as appropriate as the Tom Ford suit you could buy next door.Beginning the menu proper my first course would be perhaps Sage's most famous dish - the Foie Gras Creme Brulee with Blood Orange, Gran Marnier Glaze, Cocoa Nibs, and Salted Brioche.  Cracking the crisp crust and taking a bite the custard was ethereal - light yet harboring the very essence of liver with notes of egg, orange, and cocoa largely detectable on the palate more so than the tongue.  Eating slowly each bite was as good as the last and pairing the custard with the crunchy and buttery brioche was every bit on par with the best torchon I've ever had - at The French Laundry - and if possible Sage's version was even lighter and more flavorful.Already abuzz with anticipation of what could follow such an incredible opening act my second course would prove equally competent.  Titled Yukon Gold Potato Gnocchi with Smoked Ricotta Cream Sauce, Truffle Puree, and Parsnips the pasta was absolutely flawless - pillows of potato accented air that dissolved on the tongue.  Utilizing crispy parsnips and fresh spinach for textural variation while liberally topping the plate with fresh shaved truffles and a pleasantly subtle cream sauce with hits of parsley and chive the entirety of the amalgam tasted something akin to a baked potato with the aroma of truffles.As good as the foie gras and gnocchi were, my favorite savory of the meal would turn out to be the fourth course - Slow-poached Organic Farm Egg, Smoked Potato, Shaved Winter Truffle, Toasted Country Bread.  Always one to favor egg dishes, everything from the presentation to the flavor of this course was immaculate.  Served in a bowl at least 1 foot in diameter with a creamy foam of creme fraiche topped with shaved truffles as the only visual stimulus on arrival, the smell of the dish was that of truffle and smokiness.  Plunging my spoon deep and piercing the creamy egg I mixed slowly while enjoying the aroma before taking a bite - smooth potato gratin, creamy egg, the mild tang of the creme fraiche, and the aroma of truffle rising to the palate.My sixth plate would prove to be another stunner - and the best duck I've yet to experience in Las Vegas.  Titled Grimaud Farms Duck, Celery Root Puree, Confit Leg, Heirloom Apples and also featuring crispy Fried Kale and Black Mission Figs the duck itself was meaty without being gamey and fatty without being overly so.  With crispy skin the three one ounce slices of duck were perched atop an unctuous and salty confit of leg while the plate was topped with a reduction of fig and balsamic.  Sitting at the base of the plate, a pave of celery root topped with apples and figs - bitter and sweet, multi-textured, and seamlessly melding with the duck forms above.Warm Brioche Bread Pudding with Roasted Pecans, Myer's Rum Sauce, and Brown Butter Ice Cream was absolutely the best non-chocolate bread pudding I've ever tasted.  Soaked through yet delicately crisp on the exterior the buttery brioche was spongy without being wet or heavy.  Topped with a thick and boozy sauce and then with a quenelle of rich and buttery ice cream the dish found contrast in temperature while crunchy pecans proved a crunchy foil to the otherwise soft and intensely sweet dish.The first dinner in a truly over-the-top week of eating, I still look back fondly on my experience at Sage.  Call it Midwestern sensibility if you like, but there is simply something to be said for the elegant yet accessible nature of what McClain and team are doing at Sage - the space, service, and prices are nothing like the top tier of Vegas dining - but the experience and food every bit as impressive.
4	Not much that hasn't already been said ... but, Sage is a beautiful room with knowledgeable wait staff and excellent food.  I really liked how spacious the room was - your not on top of your neighbor, but somehow it still feels intimate.  We were even able to make a dinner reservation the same day!
5	Second stop on our continuing Aria foodie crawl, part two.  This is the best restaurant of the whole bunch I dare say. Sage has an excellent selection of beer on tap and our bartender, Brad, let us try a few before settling on a drink.  They have the Dogfish Midas Touch on tap ($12), which is super yummy.  And they serve it in an actual Dogfish beer glass.  Classy!  My husband got a beer cocktail, which is called the European Union ($14).  Youngs Chocolate Stout, Lindermans Framboise Lambic, and Cardenal Mendoza Solera Gran Reserva brandy.  I thought this would be awful, but I tried some and it tastes terrific!They have Sierra Nevada 30th Anniversary Ale on tap, which is a rare find indeed!  We did not try it because we have a bottle at home but after we try the bottle, we may need to come back and compare it on tap.  Check out my pic of the menu to see what else they have on tap.For food, we tried the salumi which comes with pickled green beans ($9).  Very yummy.  We also had the poached egg ($7) which comes with bacon (yum!) and bread to dip.  Very good.  Finally we had the beef tartare ($9) which is topped with an egg perfectly cooked over medium and crispy chocolate flakes.  Sooo good, I could not stay away.  Portion sizes are reasonable.  Not too tiny, but not overwhelmingly big either.Apparently you can only get the bar menu at the bar - and they have some really special items there so I suggest you check it out.  The bar only has seating at the bar.  There are two round tables in front of the bar but those are only for people waiting for a table.Also, they serve beer in 64 oz growlers but our bartender did not recommend it.  First, it results in a messy pour and, second, the beer gets warm too fast.  Apparently, when the restaurant first opened they thought it would be a good idea to sell beer to go in the growlers.  But Aria put a kabash on that.  According to our bartender, it's all good to have people running around with big ass margaritas in glasses or plastic yards but not beer in growlers.They serve the full menu at the bar as well, and we debated trying the famed foie gras creme brulee but we were getting full and had a few more restaurants to try that night.  Next time!I highly recommend checking out the bar next time you are in Aria.  It's not very expensive as compared to the nearby Todd English PUB but is much nicer with much more interesting beer and food selections.
2	The food was really good, however the service was terrible.  This place needs a staff attitude check.  I wanted to ordered more drinks and food at the empty bar, but they were bar staff was too busy planning their own after-hours.  I expect long-term this place won't last if they don't get get a whole new staff.
5	My party of five ate here for NYE and sat early for the $90 preset menu.  I had an incredible dining experience here!  We were prompty seated as we came in and the restaurant was pleasantly quiet.  The decor was very nice and elegant and the entryway has all these nice-looking wine bottles.  Our waiter was friendly and I liked how our courses came out at the same time.  With the preset menu, I chose the more exotic French dishes that I've never had before.  I started with a beef tartare, then I had the escargot, then lobster ravioli, then a delicious chocolate mousse.  I thought everything was delicious but I don't have any experience with these French dishes.  Honestly, I don't think I will jump at the chance at having beef tartare or escargot again, but I think that is probably just my personal preference and it has nothing to do with the quality of the food served.
4	I really liked the atmosphere of the restaurant and the food was delicious.  It's definitely pricey so you'll have to expect to shell out over $50 a person, unless you plan on starving on the way out.  The service was a bit slow and I'm not sure if it was because we had a big party but it seemed they forgot about us at times.  It also could've been because we were being a bit loud and obnoxious.  Hmmm, so maybe they don't deserve the ding of a star?  Hahaha!  Either way, I still think that if you're paying that much money, excellent service can become an expectation.  It's definitely worth checking out and I would say that I'd go back but with all the awesome restaurants in Vegas with such little eating time during a short vacay, I'm not sure if this is one of the "must go" places on my list.  It was good to try and I'd recommend it to others but I probably won't cycle back through it anytime soon.  I have more restaurants to conquer!
4	Great Decor, Great Seasonal Dishes with Integrity of ingredientes.  Had many good items but one stood out against allmost anything that I've ever had, the Foie Gras Creme Brulee.  The Foie Gras Creme Brulee with little salted Brioche muffins was one of those dishes that you think about in your sleep; it was paired with a Sauternes which worked perfectly.  A Truly phenomenal dish.
5	Let me start off by saying this place is expensive, but it's worth it!My fiance and I came here twice in the same week because we loved it so much.Both times our server was Jason S. (there are 3 or 4 Jasons there, he's the one with the dirty blonde hair and the great smile). He was an amazing server and so much fun, which made me happy because we aren't really comfortable with the pretentious servers we usually end up with in restaurants of this caliber.They start you off with a choice between several types of bread which vary depending on the night you go. The country bacon roll is sooooo good.They then give you an amuse bouche, which also varies by the night. The first night we were there it was raw tuna. I was surprised to find out that it was better than any fish I had ever had from any of my favorite sushi restaurants.Even though it's not an actual menu item, they were able to accommodate our request to have the day boat scallops in a smaller size as an appetizer. They were AMAZING, so soft and buttery and just melted in my mouth. My fiance absolutely fell in love with the braised oxtail that they serve with this dish too. I was very impressed that they did that for us since I'm usually met with a lot of resistance when asking for something specialized at a high end restaurant.Our entree was the 30 oz ribeye for two with beef marrow and mashed potatoes. The meat was delicous, soft and tender with the most amazing spice rub. That was the first time I had ever tried bone marrow, and when I took a bite, my stomach said "yum!" and my mind recoiled at the fact that I was eating marrow. Yummy, but it will take some retraining to get used to, lol. Their mashed potatoes were ridiculously good and so buttery. I wished I could have had seconds.For dessert we had the chocolate mousse, which was heavenly. Chocolate covered mousse with a cookie - like crust.The second time we went, we had the slow poached organic farm egg as an appetizer. I was a little hesitant on this dish until I took a bite. It was like a frothy egg soup with potatoes on the bottom and truffles floating around that you scooped up with a buttery toasted piece of bread. Amazing.This time my fiance chose the braised short ribs and I chose the scallops. Again, the scallops were melt-in-your-mouth good. I didn't remember the mushrooms from the first time, not sure they were in the first appetizer, but in my entree they were delicious by themselves and even better when paired with the oxtail.Halfway through dinner we switched plates so he could have my oxtail and I could try his short ribs. They were fall-off-the bone-tender and you could honestly cut them with a spoon. They had a nice rich flavor and I'm so glad I got to try them. It doesn't look like an enormous cut of meat, but it's so filling that halfway through, you feel full.For dessert we had the bread pudding. This was the only thing I really didn't care for. It reminded me too much of some not so good fruitcake. We ended up ordering the chocolate mousse to go to make up for the disappointment of the bread pudding.If you're ever in Vegas, head over to Sage and ask to be seated in Jason S.' section!!
5	I am an experienced high end diner in Las Vegas, I've tried some very top places including Nob Hill, Joel Robuchons, many Bellagio restaurants, etc..  From the moment we walked in we didn't get the "wait for our table experience" many places try (yes we did have reservations and it was Xmas night), we were taken right in and sat down.  The atmosphere was great and even though we were next to other 2 seaters, we were far enough apart we weren't on top of others and weren't bothered by conversations from other tables.  Drink orders were taken right away, dinner orders were taken quickly.  This is what I expect from high end service.  The food was excellent.  We savored every bite of everything we tried.  The chef even sent out a few items complimentary (we are not VIPs by any means, just casual customers).  I can't remember everything we had, but it was all excellent and the best food I have ever had, and that says a lot considering places I have been.  I can say the Wagyu Beef Tartar was incredible.  We had many servers, all of whom attended to our needs.   We never had empty and finished plates in front of us for more than 1 minute.  Everything was kept clean, and they stayed on top of service every step of the way.  This was truly top notch and I will be back again.
5	Believe the hype, Sage is spectacular.  The Foie Brulee with the blood oranges is one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The duck was cooked perfectly.  Their dessert menu is also very creative.  They have a very interesting cocktail list including unusual beer cocktails.  For beer lovers, they even have a beer accompaniment to the tasting menu!We would go back to Sage in a heartbeat. In my opinion, Sage should not be missed on a trip to Vegas.  Next time we'll roll with the chef's tasting.
5	Indeed, it's a bit pricey and TOTALLY worth every penny especially if you have a discerning pallet.  We were too hungry to wait until 630p so we changed it to 5p and the doors opened promptly as the host invited us in.  I requested a romantic table and appreciated the one that was selected on the side in a cozy corner, away from the center of the room.  Lauren from NJ was our server and her gentle technique and style of sharing the menu was perfect.  We choose to have the chef's tasting x 2 with the exquisite wine pairings.  The Beef Tartare was over top to start and the Chocolate Orange Soup at the end was nearly orgasmic.  What an amazing final touch... and there was more than enough to eat!Food, service and environment all made for a lovely evening.  Sage is located in the Aria hotel.  It's been open for a year and it was a visual treat for anyone who loves style.  Walking from through the property was a nice warm up to a perfect night.
5	I'm a huge fan of Chef Shawn McClain, so being able to visit his restaurant within the same hotel that we were staying in was a bonus.  Here's the rundown of our choices:Wagyu Beef tartar....  Melt in your mouth, stomp your feet, kick your partner under the table good!The Beet Salad:  roasted red and yellow beets in some sort of slightly acidic vinaigrette with a crisp piece of prosciutto.  One word:  FIERCEI don't remember what my partner had because I had dived into my dinner and barely remember anything other then really wanting to place my face in the stainless steel bowl and shamelessly lick it clean.  BUT, I had the veal cheeks with the most creamy polenta base and a braised leek with some unknown mushroom variety.  With each bite, I melted and slid lower into my seat.  I don't eat mushrooms.... I've hated them since I was a kid....  but I ate those.  That's right mom....  I ate mushrooms!  A chef's fundamental mantra is for the dish to be a feast for the senses...  Not only was the dish a feast for the senses but so was the location itself....  Everything came together to make it THE most amazing dining experience I've ever had.  THANK YOU!  (By the way, as I was writing this review my mouth started watering as I recalled the experience)
5	When deciding which upscale restaurant we would enjoy, we turned to yelp for advice. Once again, yelp pulled through with everyones outstanding reviews of Sage. We had an outstanding dinner and a very attentive, knowledgable, entertaining waiter.We both opted for Chef McClains signature menu. At $79.00 a person you are able to experience the wonderful talents of the chef, through four delicious courses. No need to discuss each one, they were all equally delightful. If you have one night to do something special, I would recommend a visit to Sage.
5	Well worth the trip and expense!!Tucked away from the hustle and bustle of the Aria casino floor, decorated in rich purple tones, plush velvet seating - it's a true oasis in Vegas-town.I had the 4-course Chef's Signature menu which was fantastic value at $79, however my favourite dishes were two add-'ons.. the Slow Poached Organic Egg and the Foie Brulee.The Egg was phenomenal - a delicious, delicately poached runny egg hidden under a creme fraiche foam with smokey potato gratin and topped with shavings of black truffle.  Like the best truffle egg soup you can imagine.  I was very close to licking the bowl - thank goodness for the bread.  I don't even really like eggs, yolks make me kinda queasy - but i loved this dish.The Foie Gras brulee is another winner - sinful, especially on top of the salted brioche.  Light, airy and mousse-like textured underneath a brulee crust, topped with shavings of torchon.  Yum.Skip the slot machines, spend your money here instead!
4	We came here back in December and had the tasting. Overall nothing short of awesome. Like other reviewers, the Foie Gras brulee is awesome. Everything else was spectacular as well. Definitely a must try if you're in Vegas.
5	This restaurant is worth every penny!  The service was superb, the food was beyond my wildest highest expectations and they have absinthe. The absinthe was the main reason we chose this restaurant, not knowing that the food would be amazing. The one dish that you must absolutely order is the FOIE GRAS BRULEE. Holy crap!!! I mean where else can you order that dish? No where else that I know of. The Maine Lobster Agnolotti and the shortribs were also top notch. Even the house bread (bacon bread) was to die for. We ended the night with absinthe for dessert. Our first experience... Tasted kind of like licorice and although it's pretty mild going down, it's like over 100 proof alcohol. Check it out, you won't be disappointed!
5	made the return visit with my parents this last weekend and it was just as good as the first time...  on my short list of must eat places on the Strip.  if you want details read my first review, not much has changed...  what has, i will detail below along with some general impressions and opinions:-there was a tasting menu beyond the 4 course Chef's Signature menu which consisted of 6 courses, $120pp, and the whole table must participate...  our menu consisted of...  -amuse bouche of Oyster, Tobasco Sorbet, Tequila Mignonette  -Yellowtail Crudo  -Foie Gras Custard Brulee  -Gnocchi  -Grouper  -48hr Beef Belly  -Cranberry Sorbet (palate cleanser)  -Apple Tart  -closer of Chocolate Soup-the Tea Rose Martini was excellent, skip the Aviator-service was still top notchmy personal opinion, if you are dining with a companion, a better alternative is to do what my sister and i did the first visit and have each of you order the Chef's 4 course Signature Menu, with each person choosing different items for their menu, and sharing the courses between the two of you...  that way, in a sense, you get an 8 course meal rather than a 4 course...  the portions are a little smaller than what you would get with the 6 course (since you are splitting portions designed for a 4 course meal) but you get 8 courses, and at $79pp ($89pp w/ the Foie Gras Brulee), i think presents a better value and you get to try more things.that said, Sage is the quintessential fine dining experience for me at the current time, and ranks among the top restaurants ive ever had the pleasure of dining at.  do yourself a favor and check it out.
4	We were in Vegas this past Presidents Day weekend and the choice to eat at Sage was an easy one because we have dined several times at Spring in Chicago, Chef McClain's first restaurant.  There were eight of us and it was really, really delicious.  I had the poached egg, which was so outstanding I wished I could have licked the bowl and ordered 5 more.  I then had the hangar steak which was perfectly cooked and full of flavor.  In addition, everything else on my plate was bursting with flavor as well, including just a plain carrot.  Our dining companions also loved their meals, with the exception of one who ordered the pumpkin soup and scallops.  He said it was good, not great.  Then we got to dessert.  This place would have been 5 stars for me easily, but the desserts were just ok.  I am a huge bread pudding fan and although my serving vessel that the pudding was in was hot, the pudding was luke warm on the outside and cold on the inside making it dense and tough.  The other desserts were better than mine but also not outstanding and it was a disapointing way to end the meal.  Based on other reviews here, it seems Chef McClain should consider changing his pastry chef.  Otherwise I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	Kobe Flatiron steak YUM!!! Beet Salad DOUBLE YUM!!!The service kicked ass. They were very professional but still knew how to have a good time.
5	One of the best meals I have had.  Nice selection of wines with the tasting menu.
3	-------------The Quick:-------------Good, but not great, contemporary American fare that is served in a setting and demeanor too casual to be called fine-dining. -------------The Details:-------------During my latest outing to Las Vegas, I was searching for a new fine-dining restaurant to try. To my disappointment, I was not encouraged by any of the new offerings and decided that I would go with a repeat visit to the current fine-dine Vegas champ restaurant Alex (see my review for more details). Unfortunately, I was greatly saddened by the fact that Alex had recently closed! I could not find a clear answer to why it had closed as it attracted a fair amount of diners and was not lacking in the recognition department (2-star Michelin). Nonetheless, I was left in the situation where I had to "settle" for one of the new fine-dine establishments I have yet to try over the last year or two. ...which leads me to Sage. As alluded to in Vegas dining magazines and articles I had read on the web, it appears hotel owners (like Wynn/Encore) believe that most Vegas visitors do not hover toward traditional, intimate, true fine-dining environments. They believed they could attract the most customers via establishments that had good food, but a more relaxed, hip, and glamorous (showy) experience. My opinion on this school of though set aside, it basically left me no choice but to pick a restaurant that was not as fine-dine as I originally wanted. With the exception of Guy Savoy and Joel Robuchon, there are really no more true fine-dine establishments in Las Vegas (at least that i know of). Anyways, here are the concrete details of my dining experience at Sage:1) Food - I didn't care for the offered tasting menu and to my surprise, not everyone at the table had to have the tasting menu. Consequently my gf got the tasting menu as I elected to pick off the a la carte menu.a) Appetizer #1: Pacific Yellow Tail Crudo w/ shaved trumpet mushrooms, black winter truffle, and toasted pine nuts-I'm always a fan of raw fish and especially yellow tail so this dish was a no-brainer for me. The tangy citrus marinade worked well with the inherent flavor of the fish. However, I was not a fan of the shaved (raw) mushroom and felt it did not blend with the other ingredients of the dish. b) Appetizer #2: Chilled Dungeness Crab Salad with fennel, tangerine, and creme fraiche-Again, another favorite classic ingredient of mine: crab. Good flavors, probably my favorite dish of the night. Very delicate, mild tastes in the salad. Not overpowering but just the right amount of flavor to not mask the sweetness of the crab meat. c) Entree: Bluenose Grouper with chanterelles, leeks, parsley root-Why did I get this dish? Why didn't I go for the kobe? Yeah, I have no idea actually. In hindsight, I should have gone for the bold flavors of the meat dishes and skipped the fish. The grouper was okay, but did not stand out at all. It had some decent flavor and was of course cooked perfectly. It was strictly ordinary and ordinary was not something one looks for in such a high-end establishment. 2) Service - subpar in the context of true fine-dining establishments. Our waiter did not do anything especially wrong or was especially rude, but like a lot of the other components of this restaurant, he was merely okay. I could not differentiate whether the waiter simply had a natural, apathetic demeanor or he did want to serve us. In either case, however, his bored, casual affect immediately disappointed my dining experience. Overall, Sage was a forgettable restaurant in a slew of similar, high-end, but ordinary Las Vegas restaurants. Sure, it was pretty good food overall, but you honestly find good food like that in almost any other 4/5 star hotel in Vegas. There was nothing that made it stand out from the competition nor did it possess a theme, trait, dish, or element of service that compels me to return.
5	We've been to Sage twice, in Jun 2010 and in Jan 2011.  Both times were outstanding.  Sage is our current  "special occasion dinner" place.The first time, my S.O. had oysters w/ tequila mignonette; braised veal cheeks w / confit peppers "piperade", picholine olive and shaved fennel salad.  I had the organic beets salad w/ duck prosciutto; scallops w/ braised oxtails, wild mushrooms, salted caramel reduction.  Every bite was perfect.The second time, we had the tasting menu.The amuse bouche was country pate w/ pickled harricot verte.  The courses were oysters; beef tartar; hamachi w/ roasted cauliflower (unorthodox but wonderful combination); lobster roll;  braised beef shank.  Dessert was apple strudel w/ ice cream; peanut butter brittle.  Another outstanding experience.
4	A sheik upscale restaurant just off the main lobby at Aria. The food is top notch, as are the prices... service is professional. Couple apps & entrees along with two glasses of wine will set you back $160.00 before the tip. The octopus salad was good, but rather mild tasting (with the several ingredients involved had expected more). The scallop entree (a signature dish) is outstanding.. was it worth the $44.00 price tag... maybe. The arctic char (salmon) is also a very good choice, with intricate well defined flavors. A New Zealand sauvignon blanc by the glass at $11.00 was the best buy of the meal. Look forward to another visit.
5	My wife and I had a couple of drinks and appetizers at Sage last week, and the experience was absolutely amazing!Since we were there without child, we decided to go on a culinary adventure and, instead of dining at one restaurant, we opted to get a couple of dishes at 3 restaurants.   It certainly isn't a good way to go as far as cost since it's a much more expensive endeavor, but seeing as I luckily won $1300 the night before, I didn't really give a damn about the cost.We started our dining experience at Sage, where we sat at the bar.   Aaron Baca, the bartender or mixologist if you prefer, guided us through the menu and made a couple of spectacular Woodford Reserve Manhattans for my wife.   We opted to go with the oysters first and Mr. Baca highly recommended the Foie Gras Creme Brulee.Oh. My. God.   Both my wife and I were speechless.   The Creme Brulee was simply fucking divine.   Pure ambrosia, there's no other way to say it.   If you're in Vegas and are looking for a good place to eat, you simply must try Sage.   Service and food are both impeccable.
5	It's really tough to not give most of the strip restaurants in Las Vegas 5 stars. They really know what they're doing and it shows.The food is great, the drinks are great, the service is great. I went once, returned a week later and they remembered my name and some of my preferences. That's service.It's a bit pricey, but if you're dining in nice places at the Aria, you can't expect not to pay through the nose. Worth every penny.
4	Sage is a fabulous restaurant, but I think chef Shawn McClain needs to tame his passion for fat.  Two of us had the 4 course menu.  I started with the market oysters, each a perfect mouthful, with delicious piquillo pepper and tequila mignotte.  Next I had day boat scallops, prepared in a very rich oxtail broth with wild mushrooms.  The beef and mushrooms almost overwhelmed the scallops but it was an intriguing contrast.  Third course was the Iberico pork roast.  The crispy confit and surprisingly the brussel sprouts and dates that accompanied it were delicious.  My dessert was warm carrot cake, very light, with a coconut sauce, a lovely ending to the meal.  My husband had the Wagyu beef tartare for his first course and honestly the fat was overwhelming.  We know to expect Wagyu or Kobe beef to be highly marbled, but in raw form it was very unctuous and hard to have more than a couple bites.  His second course was lobster agnolotti, which was more like cannelloni than traditional agnolotti, but quite tasty.  His third course was the 48 hour beef belly (hey, he choose it).  Yes, beef belly is a lot like pork belly only pork belly is a lot tastier in IMHO.  His dessert was the chocolate and caramel tart, which was essentially a very intense version of a Snickers bar.  We had the wine pairings which presented a interesting selection and introduced us to a new varietal, Gruner Veltliner.  I'd definitely recommend Sage, but balance the lighter foods with the richer ones.
5	The food was outstanding, as were the drinks. The decor is simple, but cool. Service was top notch. Worth the price tag!
5	Very impressive meal with outstanding service. Overall, all the food had clean, well-balanced flavors. We ordered the foie gras custard brulee, duck, and 4 course chef's signature menu, with selections of the wagyu beef tartare, main dayboat scallops, iberico pork loin, and chocolate ganache and caramel tart. Pretty much, as everyone else has noted, the custard brulee is a must-get. Surprisingly, it wasn't overly-rich. The duck was a bit on the salty side, but it was very good still. The wine helped to cut the saltiness. the beef tartare came with a perfectly poached egg yolk. The scallops were cooked perfectly. And I don't think anyone can go wrong with iberico....If you're eating before a night out in vegas, I'd also recommend getting the french press coffee. It helped to keep me up for a night of clubbing. Regardless, I loved the food.
5	I've only got this to say...the veal cheeks may be one of the most sinful and heavenly things I've ever eaten.
5	Sage is an awesome restaurant for a date!Went here with the gf and was a dope experience.The setting/surrounding in this place is really psychadelic and classical so its a cool mix and vibe.Def go for the table and not the bar-the bartenders can make interesting/mean drinks but the perks of eating a meal/appetizers at the tables are wayy better.For example, at the table, we got a complimentary glass of rose moet each, foie gras free and a shot of cocoa (BOMB!) at the end of the meal.Everything on the menu is awesome, loved the wagyu tartare with the gold flakes and venison.Awesome meal and ambiance for little over 100$ for 2!Usually pretty dead (customerwise tho) the 3 times I came.
2	So Sage was booked the night after a tremendous meal at Tao.  After reading the reviews we were both very much looking forward to the meal/experience.I'll begin by stating the service was "top-notch".  Probably one of the best I have ever had in my 36+ years.  Our dinner reservation was on the early side, 6:30pm as we had a 9pm show and wanted to allow enough time.  We arrived on time and were promptly seated at a very private table for two towards the back of the restaurant.  The restaurant itself is very attractive in a dark, purple sultry type of way.  Now with that out of the way, the reason we went here in the first place... the food.Unfortunately this is where I truly feel, it was just "ok".  If I'm putting down over two bills for dinner, I want to at some point be blown away by the entire meal, or atleast one of the items experienced.  Once seated and having reviewed the drink menu, we started with our drinks.  I was in a beer mood so went with the Sierra Nevada on draught, and the gf went with a pino grigio.  When the drinks arrived, my beer was only half-full and was issued an apology that the draught system is having problems, and I would need to select a beer off the bottle menu.  Not the way I was looking to start off the meal.  After going with a different selection and review of the dinner menu, I opted for the 4 course chef tasting and the gf went with the halibut.The choice of bread was good, as we both went with the bacon infused and the amuse that arrived was just "ok".  Some sort of jelly that was pretty much tasteless.My first course was the beef tartar which was good and a decent enough portion to share a significant amount.  The second course was the scallops.  They were cooked fine, but honestly the portion size was a bit ridiculous.  Two very very tiny scallops.  I mean verrrry tiny.  Third course was the 48 hour beef belly.  LET DOWN.  This was about 98% pure fat.  Pretty much inedible.  As normal the course was brought with a separate meat knife.  Unfortunately the only use was to try and find any meat at all in an entire plate full of fat.  Even writing this review now, i can't believe that was served as one of the courses in an $80 4 course menu.  The fourth course was a warm carrot cake with cream cheese ice-cream.  I'm not the biggest carrot cake fan, but the gf is and I didn't much care for the other dessert option.The gf had the halibut for her main course.  It was a nice piece of fish, however, when you drop close to $50 for a piece of fish, what you don't want to hear is " it's good, but I can do this just as good at home".  Problem was that she was right.  There was nothing spectacular or anything to set this dish apart from a very fresh piece cooked at home.Would I eat here again...no.  Would I recommend anyone else to go who has only a brief period of time to experience vegas dining....no.  Was this meal worthy of the number that arrived on the bill... not even close.Had two very good meals at the same exact price point while out there the last three nights ( Tao, Emeril's ), and unfortunately Sage was quite a let down when it came to the food.
5	Absolutely delightful.  Foie Gras Custard Brulee, Braised Veal Cheeks, Wagyu Beef Tartare. Sage is incredible! Be sure to try the traditional Absinthe as well... beautiful experience.
5	Yeah, this place really sucks. Mostly because I've been here for a week and haven't eaten here every night.  Oh, and also because Aaron the bartender is not available to be my personal meal selector on a permanent basis.By now, you may or may not know that I'm a horrible decision maker.  As in, I do not possess the ability to make one.  So, when everything looks incredible, I enter standby mode.  I thought about ordering several drinks.  One included tobacco leaf infused bourbon and one included smoked grapes.  But Aaron, my decision maker, put the kibosh on that.  Yeah, I'm not a smoker and probably don't want to end up barfing.  If I wanted to do that, I would have gone for bottle service with my coworkers.  The smoked grapes just got that subtle, yet obvious, head shake.  So, I went for the sidecar.  It was tasty but didn't hold a candle to my friend's Moscow Mule.  Served in a copper mug, that puppy didn't lose its frost for 2 hours.  Awesome.Anyhow, since I clearly couldn't pick a bev, it seemed hopeless for food.  Aaron talked us into the poached egg and we also chose the sweetbreads.  Holy cow, that egg was unbelieveable!  Just enough truffle oil (and I'm SO over truffle oil, btw) and smoked potatoes.  Amazing!  Then there were the sweetbreads.  Perfectly cooked with a big fat piece of bacon on top.  So good.After blankly staring at the menu and driving everyone nuts, I ultimately let Aaron surprise me with an entree.  He didn't let me down.  Scallops with braised oxtail.  Unreal.  Four huge scallops cooked to perfection with tender oxtail.  Everything I never knew I wanted.Time for drink two.  I've read about classic daiquiris in Updike novels but now I know why they were always so popular.  Not your typical spring break concoction, this bev was the single best i've had in weeks.  Ridiculous.To finish things off, Aaron surprised us with the carrot cake.  I'm pretty sure you can guess how that went.So I LOVE this place.  I'm just sad that I wasted so much time at the Monte Carlo food court.  Time to give up the crack smoking.  Sage, say hello to your next regular.
4	Amazing food and service! We had a great waiter and bartender who gave us great recommendations on the menu and drinks. He was also great company without being intrusive either.We stumbled in here after a long day out on the Strip in dire need of some good food. Collectively, we ordered the octopus salad, yellowtail hamachi with trumpet mushrooms, sugar snap pea & garlic risotto, gnocchi, and day boat scallops. The scallops came highly recommended and were delicious, especially with the salted caramel reduction. It's pretty hard to go wrong with scallops though. The octopus salad and yellowtail crudo were both delicious and light, just what I needed. I coud have definitely eaten another plate of each!I also got the roasted apple baklava which was just what I needed to top off my meal. The real hit was the absinthe - it was a pretty involved and interesting process... our bartender was awesome about walking us through the steps and ensuring we had a great experience from beginning to end. The drink itself was so-so (not a huge fan of licorice) but the overall experience was very memorable!
2	I was so disappointed by our dining experience here, having high expectations from when I dined there a few months prior during a girls weekend.  Our group of 9 checked in 5 minutes early for an 8PM reservation, we had to wait at the bar for well over 30 minutes.  During that time, no one asked for our drink order so I went to the bar and ordered cocktails for everyone.  Once the bartender was done, he pushed them forward on the bar - yelling to me "they're ready".  Are you kidding me?!  At $13/cocktail there is no way I'm bussing them myself.  Once our table was ready, no one made any effort to help us carry the drinks over, so 3 of us juggled laptop bags, purses and drinks to the table.Food was overly salted and not very tasty. The gnocchi which I iloved last time was smothered in a blue cheese-ish sauce which was not good.  The tuna tartare did not taste particularly fresh.  All in all, an expensive disappointment.  We did however have a wonderful lunch at Julian Serrano's tapa place the following day.
5	Sage is a restaurant where you can be casual in an extremely elegant envrionment....every table is a good table...none are too close together so you feel private even in a large room and service is meant to pamper.  The food is straight forward without being the least bit oridinary...a poached orgainic egg doesn't sound new or anything special or typical fine dining fare...but put it on top of a delicate slightly smokey potato foam accented with shaved black truffle and a pine nut espuma..ART!  To take a humble food and elevate it to a very special place is not easy.  Sage does this. Expect that you will have a feast for all senses.  And when you are asked to see the Absinthe cart at the end of you meal complete with at least nine international and domestic varieties...ACCEPT...it is presented and prepared traditionally or with a Vegas twist...on fire if you dare. DARE...it's amazing. It gives you an energetic buzz and you feel less full...a true digestif!...the whole point right?The menu is eclectic and yet varied and fanciful...The chef also offers a 6-course tasting menu that isn't printed but can be available if everyone at the table is the mood to participate and have an extra special dining experience.  It can even be vegetarian or vegan and accommodate taste restrictions...and for the money...have a wine or artisnal beer paring with it.  STUPENDOUS....$120 for the food and $60 for the  beverage pairing!Great bar and outrageous cocktails.
4	Beautiful space, wonderful food....but not 5 stars. I wanted to go somewhere nice and kind of fancy on our trip to Vegas. I posted to Talk and this was one of the suggestions from my fellow Yelpers. Thanks for the great suggestion. We arrived a bit early for our 7:45 reservation so we could have a cocktail in the bar. I had a tea infused martini and my dining companion had a scotch. Service in the bar was good. The hostess came and got us promptly at 7:45 for our table. I appreciated how she carried our drinks for us to the table. We were seated at a table with one side chair and one side booth on the end. It was cozy and the atmosphere very private and welcoming. We received an amuse bouche from the chef. It was a tomato and avocado treat. I loved it! We also received our choice of bread. I went with a basic bread, he had the bacon roll thing. Both were good. I liked the whipped butter served with sea salt. Perfect compliment. For an appetizer, I ordered the poached egg with shaved truffles, dining companion had the yellow-tail sushi roll. I liked the egg, but I always forget truffles give me heartburn. The combination of truffle, egg, and potato puree really worked well together. He enjoyed his sushi. I had the asparagus soup instead of salad, he had the beet salad. The soup was probably the best soup I've ever had. It was by far my favorite part of the meal. My main dish was gnocchi, he had fish. The gnocchi was with cauliflower and other veggies. It was good, but a bit salty. We typically do not order dessert, but we were on vacation, so I caved for the lime tart with fresh blueberries. It's been a long winter with not too many good fruits where I'm from, so that was the perfect end to the meal. Everything was very good, but why not 5 stars? Here's why - 1. Although the food runners were good, our server disappeared for long periods of time. 2. There was a woman walking around trying to take and sell us a picture. This is a restaurant, not an amusement park. I found it off putting. 3. Not many wines by the glass to choose from. My dining companion and I don't like the same kind of wine, so a bottle is out of the question. All in all, a good meal with great choices, presented beautifully. I'm glad we ate at Sage, but I'm not sure I would go back.
5	Absolutely magnificent. I convinced our little Vegas posse that we should treat ourselves to dinner here - we went all-in with the tasting menu and the wine pairings and it was magnificent in every way.The service was flawless, the food was from a chef at the top of his game and the wine was tremendous. We made the reservations about two months beforehand for a Satruday night, and we had a round-top in the middle of the restaurant.If you are even considering a blow-out meal on your Vegas trip come here !
4	I was looking foward to SAGE for a while; as I was really impressed with the menu. By the time we got to the restaurant at 8, we were feeling the effects of an extremely long travel day....waking up 4 am NY time for our flight in to LV. So I couldn't enjoy this really excellent restaurant's cuisine as much as I wanted to (NOTE TO SELF-DON'T WASTE GOOD RESTAURANTS ON TRAVEL DAYS- STICK WITH BUFFETS). The sweetbreads and pork belly appetizer I had was one of the best apps i have ever eaten...sweetbreads and pork belly are awesome by themselves, put them together in one dish and you will instantly be transported to Yummyville where everyone is singing and dancing and houses are made of bacon and happiness is abound. Unfortunately, my steak entree quickly negated any appetite I had left as it was chewier than the Michelin Man's ass (not that I ever tried to chew on the Michelin man's ass). The flavor was interesting....salsa verde and black truffle paste...it worked for a few bites then got unpleasant...but that may have more to do with me having to chew each piece 52 times. We skipped dessert because we were not at 100% as stated before, so i was disappointed that I couldn't indulge in that. The wine I ordered- by the glass- an awesome Burgundy who's name escapes me but i have it written down I think- went well with both the app and entree. The service was top notch...really friendly, polite, and effecient. The setting and ambience is beautiful and we had a great spot..our own cozy booth away from everyone else. Oh yeah, and they have bacon bread.I def. want to come back here..i give it four stars because I am minusing one for the steak, but I think there are many things on that menu that would push it to five stars.
5	This is in my top 5 dining experiences in Las Vegas. My friend and I went here for just drinks and appetizers, and it felt like a full 5 course meal. We started with 2 dirty martinis, and they were made to perfection. Then we ordered the WARM GOAT CHEESE CROSTINI with Candied Walnuts/Black Pepper Honey. Oh my. Heaven.We then nibblled on SHISHITO PEPPERS with Spiced Lime Salt...very interesting. My friend liked them better than I did, but they were like edamame on steroids. A great "filler".Next we tried the WAGYU BEEF TARTARE with Slow-Poached Egg Yolk and Crispy Chocolate. This was melt-in-your mouth good. By this time we were seriously having food euphoria so we ordered another martini (again perfect) and wanted seconds of the Goat Cheese Crostini. Our waiter - Jason Bond (for real) -  (who was awesome by the way) urged us to try to Oxtail crostini instead. Neither of us had ever had it, but we were feeling brave. Oh. My. It was like the tenderest pot roast you've ever had, with the flavor of onions and mom's Sunday dinner. Wow. So...here's when I bit into a little piece of bone (literally). It was pretty gross since then I was thinking of tail. BUT, I didn't really care and I just politely pointed it out to the waiter. The manager came over, made a big fuss, apologized, etc. They handled it very well and took it off the bill. Then the waiter brought us a complimentary dessert. It was a shot of mint infused chocolate...not too sweet, perfectly warm. It was seriously one of the best desserts I've ever had. So, I still give this place 5 stars even though I ate a tailbone. That's how good it is. Going back at my first opportunity.
5	Went here again. Had a wonderful dinner including several nice wine picks from the wines by the glass list, beet salad, fois gras, the poached egg, the scallops from Maine, the carrot cake, the cheese plate and the absinthe service and some tea. Everything was satisfying, the service was professional and warm and wonderful, the lighting and ambiance was great, and the whole experience was excellent.
5	I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.  I would like to reserve 5 for places that make me lose my mind.  This isn't one of those, but it still was one of the better meals I've had in a very long time.  So, better than 4 stars... I'll give 'em the benefit of the doubt and inch it up to 5. (-: Everything we had was both rich and fresh.  I had the fois grois brulee, which is one of their signatures. Very unique and super-tasty.  Had the scallops for an entree, which rocked my world. How they do seafood that fresh in the desert continues to confuse me.  The palette of flavors was hearty and earthy and a bit sweet - a very nice combo.Service was flawless and attentive.They need to change out some of their lightbulbs, as the dramatic lighting, despite being cool, was a bit sharp on the eye.  But, that's a very nitpicky complaint.  The fact that I bring that up as my only real complaint shows how good a place this is.It was pricey (no surprise there) - but worth it for the experience and the tasty bites.  Highly recommended!
4	Interesting space.  Very open layout, with strange seating/table arrangement.  But the space is so large that you can still have an intimate experience.Had the 4 course menu starting w/ the foie gras custard brulee, which I thought was interesting, but also not the best use of foie gras.  I'd rather just have a lobe of it plopped down on my plate.  Delicious nonetheless.Followed that with the Scallops over a bed of braised ox-tail.  I thought the combination was strange as the ox-tail was so strong.  Individually, each were cooked perfectly, but it just didn't work for me as a whole.And for the main was the Iberico Pork Loin, which was recommended by the waitress.  Pretty disappointed by this one, and I'm Chinese!  We love our pork, but this really didn't hit the spot.  The pork itself was a bit dry and was cooked to medium/medium-well, whereas I usually prefer mine closer to med. rare.  Aside from that, the dish as a whole was solid, but nothing I'd recommend.Had a taste of my friend's skirt steak and it was much better.Finished with the Carrot Cake, which I loved.  It was a bit crispier on the outside and very light on the inside.  When people recommend carrot cake to me, I tend to find what they like is a bit too cakey and moist/oily, and too heavy on the frosting.  The cream cheese ice cream was a much better companion than standard frosting.I think I had a few more complaints than a standard 4 star review, but I can see the potential here for a very solid meal.
5	I'm in love with Sage. I hemmed and hawed for months when I was charged with the duty of finding a really great fancy (and not too expensive) restaurant for me and my 20 closest girl friends. Seriously. I settled on Sage. Two things pushed me towards this restaurant-- the vegetarian friendly menu (we had vegetarians and a vegan) and that they wouldn't force us to get prix fixe if we split the group in two. Also a bonus-- this place is extremely reasonable for being in Vegas and for the quality of food and service.The two group split worked perfectly because they sat us in the back room RIGHT next to eachother so we could walk between tables ooh'ing and aah'ing and TASTING. One table got the chef's tasting and another ordered what they felt like. The server at my table was fantastic; SO helpful and sweet and never impatient (even though it was all very confusing at some points with all the girls shuffling and shouting). They allowed some of us to pay cash and others to use their credit cards. They brought us everything we wanted basically. Impeccable service, period. All the cocktails I tasted were incredible. All the food I tasted was perfectly seasoned and never boring. Highlights include the foie gras brulee, the hanger steak, New York strip, steak tartare, slow poached farm egg. Another very awesome thing was that the chef made a special amuse bouche and dish for our lone vegan friend. She was asked about what she didn't like and she was brought out this totally unique and impressive dish-- she looked SO content. Honestly, everything was fantastic because my friends all toasted me and gushed all weekend about it. I am so so happy I went with Sage.
5	Hands down my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas (and conveniently located in my favorite hotel on the strip).  Chef Shawn McClain did a wonderful job with this restaurant.  Its everything I want in contemporary fine dining. I first tried Sage last year when Aria first opened and I immediately fell head over heels in love.I had a memorable dinner here on a double date with my parents and my boyfriend.  We loved everything about the meal--from the tasty amuse bouche to the delectable mignardises. Our server was very knowledgeable and friendly.  By the end of the night, he was cracking jokes with my parents and having us all laughing.  He was also able to answer all my boyfriend's questions and inquiries regarding the preparation and cooking methods of the food.  And, yes, my boyfriend has lots of question because he is a chef as well.  The sommelier was very helpful as well.  He helped pick out a great bottle of wine for the table to share.  Our wine glasses were never half empty--a staff member was always there to pour more wine.  Even my parents, who are not the biggest wine fans, loved the wine recommended by the sommelier.  Everything on the menu is delicious.  Ingredients are fresh and high in quality.  The food is prepared well and the flavors are well thought out and executed precisely.  We were all beyond satisfied with our meal. I try to eat dinner here every time I'm in Vegas.
5	Very good food. Well worth the price.
5	Wow! The food was amazing.  We had the prix fixe which offered an appetizer, two smaller size entrees, and dessert for $89.  To start, I had the Foie Gras Custard Brulee - if you like foie gras, you MUST get this.  I think this definitely was the highlight of the meal.  The foie gras had a light whipped texture and since it was a brulee there was a hint of sweetness.  Next, I had the Ale Braised Short Rib and Maine Lobster Casoncelli.  After the Foie Gras, the rich short rib was a little much, although very good.  The casoncelli was good too.  The dessert was a little of a let down though.  I had the carrot cake and in general it was dry and had a very hard outer layer.  Great fine dining restaurant, date night/girls night, have the Foie Gras Custard Brulee
5	One of, if not, my FAVORITE restaurant in Vegas. I'm pretty much addicted to this place because I'm always here, either a casual night at the bar or a celebratory evening in the dining room. The restaurant is beautiful and removed from the noise of slot machines and smoke clouds. Friendly staff, talented bar, consistently great food. Key word is consistent.Menu constantly changes with what is in season (as it should, who the heck wants Strawberries in October? ew.) either in preparation or all together. There are some signatures of course. Two of them are the steak tartare with fried chocolate and foie gras brulee with the most heavenly brioche buns. Must try those two if you come here. Also get the farm poached egg with truffle, so simple and delicious. I want that for breakfast every day!Cocktail list is also great!Every time I'm here I always try the current Duck dish on the menu, always cooked perfectly! Desserts are also on point so be sure to try them.
5	Amazing a MUST to try!!!!!!Took my husband for his birthday, large party everyone had something different and no one was disappointed, Foie Gras was just incredible and the Salt Roasted Shitake Mushrooms were to die for but the thing that totally got me was the Braised Veal Cheeks which regretfully I didn't order I had the Hanger steak which was very delicious.  I only had a taste of my husbands veal checks and let me tell you I would go back over and over again just for that, so delicious and tender it was just heaven!Service was incredible and their bread a bacon roll of some sort I wish I could have that every day for breakfast it was just simply amazing!Would strongly suggest you try it for yourself it is well worth it!
5	We had the best experience at Sage. The food was great and the atmosphere was fabulous. Marcus was our waiter and he was absolutely amazing. He was extremely attentive and answered all of our questions with out any hesitation. He really knew his information. Plus there were two people in our party with allergies and the allergies were re-confirmed before we got our food. It was my best friends birthday and so we even got complimentary desserts and their chocolate soup (awesome hot cocoa). We also decided to try the absinthe bar and Marcus told us the history and went over each type thoroughly. This was not a meal, it was dining experience. I have already recommended Sage to several friends.
4	My party and I were pretty hungry after our flight was delayed and we needed to eat ASAP. Most of us wanted steak and there was Sage to answer our carnivore prayers.We were quickly seated without reservations in the lounge since we didn't want to wait for the main room. The atmosphere is lovely with giant panel sections of Manet's "Luncheon on the Grass" (thank you Art History classes). The evening started off with pressed coffee for everyone but me. It came with a cute cookie. The waitress then brought out an amuse-bouche of...I actually didn't hear what she said, but I know it was duck and mustard. I enjoyed it mucho. Then the bacon and sourdough bread with salt and butter came out. You only get one piece so choose wisely! Either that or they were being stingy with us. *Shifty eyes*Our party got skirt steaks, veal cheeks, and NY strip steak. I agree with the other reviewer who said that the vegetable department was lacking. Regardless, I loved the smashed fingerling potatoes and garbanzo beans my skirt steak came with. Plus, the almond vinaigrette was good and not overpowering as some vinaigrettes can be.The steak itself was really good, but not the best steak I've ever had in my life. I think that has yet to happen. All the flavors worked really well together.I also tried the veal (not my fav, but I've only ever had veal once before) and the strip steak (also very good). If I go back I would probably get the NY strip or Hanger. I wish we had enough room for dessert but we were all stuffed. Next time Sage, next time!
4	Amuse-bouche: Fig pastry thingermabobber- 3/5Prix-fixe menu:Wagyu beef tartare: Honestly, I'd drive back to Vegas for this baby. THE most delicious dish I've had in a long time. Perfectly seasoned with a beautiful yolk on top and served with sinfully buttered crisps. DROOL- 5/5Maine scallops: I've gone to many $$$$ restaurants who manage to over-cook their scallops. Sage is NOT one of them! Well-executed, melt-in-your-mouth, orgasmically good.- 5/5Beef belly: Eh... too smoky for my taste. One of the cons of getting prix-fixe is the menu including something you're not too excited about in the first place. - 2/5Peanut butter chocolate tart: Is there such thing as too much peanut butter? Why, yes, yes there is... and sadly, it was in this tart. -2/5Service was friendly & attentive, good atmosphere. Disclaimer- I was quite inebriated by the 3rd course due to previous libations consumed before & during dinner which may have affected the last two ratings... however, I can promise you I vividly remember the tartare and scallops... and those two dishes were enough to bump the rating to a 4. :)
5	What a great experience - Food and service were wonderful - the steak tartare - YUM and the tasting menu is a real value in my opinion - you'd be hard pressed to eat this well at this price point anywhere. We can't wait to come back! And beef belly - what bliss for my belly!
5	My girlfriends and I were celebrating my best friend's bachelorette party in vegas. One of the organizers made dinner reservation at Sage and it was incredible.Prix-fixe menuPACIFIC YELLOWTAIL CRUDOShaved Trumpet Mushrooms/Black Summer Truffle/Toasted Pine Nutswas excellent. little salty for my taste, but the mushrooms were so yummy and the pine nuts was so perfect with it.IBERICO PORK LOINMilk-Braised Cannelloni/Green Asparagus/Creminelli Mortadellai could've definitely lived without the creminelli mortadella, but the rest of the plate was excellent.  the pork was so tender and it was juicy. perfectly prepared.i don't actually know what kind of desert i had but it was with rasberry and some purple cream with a slice of cake under. it was delicious as well.overall, our server Justin was pretty dope. He was professional, and got ALL of our orders right. He did get little frustrated when the coffee that he brought out wasn't really "coffee"... Few of the girls ordered french press and i think the coffee ground was finer that it should've been... anyways, they ended up getting a latte, which came out perfect.the hotel, restaurant and everything is brand new, and i'd prefer to stay at this hotel next time instead of venetian or bellagio.
3	Came back for a bachelor party and had a better meal than last time because I had a better sense of what to order.  Enjoyed the sweetbreads, octopus salad, the special of Sous Vide Beef Belly, and finished with a rhubarb parfait.  I thoroughly enjoyed everything.Bumping this down to 3 stars because our waitress, Virginia, charged us 1 extra coffee (we ordered 2, charged for 3), and when I brought it to her attention, she looked up and down the table and counted our cups.  "Well, I guess if there are only 2 pots, then there must only be 2 orders," and she walked away to fix it.  It just seemed like my correction was met with skepticism and was not followed with an apology.  The situation just wasn't handled well, especially considering that our party just blew $1200 there.Now maybe you're thinking, why would you ask for a $5 coffee to be removed from such a huge bill anyway... and I thought about just ignoring it, but in the end, I couldn't let it slide.  It ended the dinner on an awkward note, but at least the meal was delicious.
5	My husband and I went to Sage on the recommendation of a friend.  We were not disappointed.  We ordered the 7 course chef's tasting menu with wine pairing and added the steak tartar as we were told it was not to be missed.  We started at the bar with a wonderful hand crafted beer for my husband and a drink with St. Germain (my favorite liquor).  The bar tender was very knowledgeable and affable.  We started with an Amuse Buche (sp?)  of an oyster that was really very good. The bread had bacon in it (my husband loved that), and the butter was creamy with some sea salt on the side.  Yum.First course was a tuna belly  tartar with some watercress and cracked black pepper.  It was melt in your mouth good.  Buttery with a touch of spice from the watercress.  We had our waygu tartar as a 1.5 course.... It was also buttery and wonderful.  It had truffles and olive oil.  Wonderful.The next course was foie grois brulee.  I can't even begin to explain this dish.  I hate foie grois and creme brulee, but I couldn't get enough of this stuff.  It was creamy, somewhat sweet and savory with the cruncy top.  It was topped with something fried and crunchy, but I don't remember what it was.   It was served with buttery brioche bits of heaven.  I can't get the stuff out of my head - it was really that good.We had a duck tourine which was awesome, and and some sort of meat that was absolutely insane.  We also had scallops at some time - honestly after the brulee, I was in such a food coma that I don't remember a lot of it.The wine pairings were perfect, and I even tried some wines that I had not had before.We had a raspberry chocolate and a peanut butter chocolate dessert that were heavenly.We decided to skip the absinthe even though they are known for it becasue we didn't want to lose the taste of the wonderful food.  The cost was high, but absolutely worth it.We have done chef's tastings at other well known restaurants (i.e. Bartelato del Mar), and this was leaps and bounds better.  There is just no comparison.
3	Was in Vegas for the weekend and a group of us went to Sage for dinner to celebrate a friend's birthday. Why the three stars?  When I go to a restaurant, there a several things that make it a good experience: decor, service, and food. Here's the breakdown:Decor: upscale elegance.  Simple, chic and classy.Service: if it wasn't for the waitress, I would've given Sage 5 stars.  Talk about a total SNOB.  The whole time my friends and I were there she had her nose up in the air as if she was better than us or something.  You know when you could kind of tell if someone is totally two-faced?  Well our waitress was a prime example.  She had FAKE plastered all over her.  One of us in our party wanted to order an appetizer first because we were waiting for two more people to join our group.  We asked if it was ok to do that and she hesitated and was like, oh yes, that's fine.  But then she does some other stuff and completely ignores the request and walks away.  And so we ask again when she comes back and she's like "Is this for the whole table?  Our appetizers are more individual portions and aren't meant to be shared".  We were like wtf?  Does she think we were just gonna order 1 appetizer and split between the 12 of us or something?  What the hell is wrong with her? I mean I get that maybe it was more proper to have all the food come out at once so not only 1 person is eating while everyone else is waiting but she was acting like a total snob about it.  Makes me irritated just thinking about it.  And I'm the type of person that rarely gets mad at anything. I took off two stars because of her.Food:  Now here is where the good stuff is.  The food definitely saved the night.  Bread was ok, nothing smancy.  They gave us this bite sized appetizer - smidgen of cherry tomato w/ some sort of crunchy item and sauce. Totally delicious and i dont even normally like cherry tomatoes.  For my main entree, I ordered the Maine Day Boat Scallops - braised oxtail, wild mushrooms, and a salted caramel reductions.  I gotta give props to the chef because those scallops were unbelievably delicious.  Cooked to perfection.  The best scallops I've ever had.  I'm just drooling about them as I'm typing this. haha..So my friends and I made the best of the night even though the waitress treated us as such. oh and to top it off, when we paid the tab, a mix of card and cash, she comes back and tells us we're like 15 dollars short and she said that she added it to on the card. My friend kindly told her that she was wrong and asked her to look at it again.  And of course, she realized she made a mistake.  She didnt even apologize.  She just was like "oh, i'll go fix it"  and when she came back she was like "I was looking at the wrong total" or something along those lines.  But no apology.Come one.  My friends and I are Asian.  You don't mess with Asians and their math.
5	One of the best restaurants I've been to.  Period.And that says a lot since I live in New York.  Everything about this place (food, ambiance, service) is top notch.  I had the tasting menu and particularly enjoyed the foie gras brulee, the scallops, and the pork bellyGreat for a special occasion--if you are looking to go high end in vegas, definitely don't miss out on this place
5	A terrific dining experience in Vegas!  I've been to a number of high end restaurants in this city and Sage ranks among the best.  On the expensive side, but you get what you pay for.I took my wife there for her birthday and it was a memorabe experience.  I had the chef tasting menu, while my wife ordered an appetizer and an entree.  She said the truffled egg was one of the best things she has ever eaten.  The tasting menu was also exceptional!The service was outstanding and never missed a beat.  We paid about $260 for both of us.  That included a 1/2 bottle of wine and desserts as well.  I would highly recommend this restaurant for anyone visiting Vegas.
5	Done and done this is hands down one of the best restaurants in Vegas. Prime out of my way Sage is bringing it to new heights.  Recently visited the Jean George upstairs and was really disappointed. Yelpers said to try a different server next time but at that price and in Vegas I decided to give Sage a shot. From the moment we sat, Virginia our server was awesome and attentive as she provided a world class service. There was two chef signature menu's.We tried both with the wine pairings and started off with market oysters that were some of the best I've ever had. Next came the Wagyu beef tartare that was Amazing but be warned that the slow cooked egg on top of a raw meat with chocolate is not your average dish.Clearly this was just the start of an amazing evening. We had the scallops and hen egg, yummy. The iberico was crazy good but the beef belly was at the top of the list.  No doubt why this was the Chef signature dish.  We finished off with some amazing desserts and couple extra treats from the chef.  This place is not a place you budget at but you have to experience some amazing food in life, sage is just that.
5	As a Chicagoan, I'm so proud of Chef Shawn McClain and his restaurant Sage! From a huge of list of celebrated chefs and their restaurants to choose from in Vegas, Sage made it to our list of places to dine. No, regrets whatsoever. In fact, we walked out as happy and very satisfied diners.I tried their 4-course Signature Tasting Menu and my husband went with the ala carte options. The wonderful thing about it is that the entire table doesn't have to do the tasting menu. Phew. However, if you want to do the 10-course menu then the entire table needs to also do it because of the complexity of trying to coordinate everyone's meals.For the 4-course Signature Tasting Menu, you get to choose between options for each course. I chose the market oysters for my first course and to my surprise, I was given FIVE oysters! Woah! I love raw oysters on the shell so that was a great plus. Then I had the seared scallops which was also very good. The beef belly was the star of the tasting menu. It was so soft it literally melted in my mouth. Ended the tasting menu with profiteroles for dessert which was so good.As for the ala carte menu which my husband went with, he had roasted sweetbreads which he was very happy about. I tried a piece and the soft texture was amazing. He had the hanger steak and it was prepared to perfection just as he requested: rare.Service was also professional and attentive. Our server gave us a reasonable amount of time in between getting seated, ordering drinks, then food and also came to check in on us without overdoing it.Sage is easily one of the top restaurants in Vegas.Note to Chicagoans: I asked our server about Chef Shawn McClain and apparently he has plans to gradually close his restaurant businesses in Chicago to focus fulltime in his Las Vegas venture.
5	Fifteen bucks for a poached egg?Go there, get that egg, and be amazed. I'm not sure all what was in it (truffles, some tiny crispy potatoes, some foam, corn -- and the egg), but it was a beautiful three minutes I spent enjoying it.The artichoke soup was almost as beautiful... it came presented as just garlic flowers on a plate, with the soup then poured over it. Lovely flavors.Service at the bar was fast and and entertaining. We didn't have reservations and the restaurant was full -- though I understand this was because they had some large groups that day and it's often fine to walk up without reservations.One warning on the cocktail menu: I had the Burley Old-Fashioned, which is based around a tobacco-infused bourbon. The bartender warned me against it ('Some non-smokers like you get a little nauseated...') but... well, she knew what she was talking about. I'm definitely a lightweight when it comes to handling my tobacco-infused bourbon. It took me a few trips to the restroom to clean out my system after that.Except for the drink (which I find hard to hold against them), this was the best restaurant I've been to in Vegas, and one of the best anywhere.
3	Let me begin by saying that I love chef Shawn McClain and the food at SAGE did not disappoint. The reason for the middle rating is the atmosphere and the service. Our server was fantastic, however we kept getting switched around to different people so I felt like we were asking for things more than once. I also asked the waiter what my 3rd wine pairing was and he didn't know so he proceeded to go and get the sommelier, who was very rude in his coaching of the appreciation of the pairing. I thought the pairing was excellent I just could not remember the wine, however I think that he misunderstood. After interrupting our dinner for 10 minutes while talking down to my husband and I, we explained we just wanted the name of the wine, and he huffed off. I am still confused over this experience. Our server apologized for him, this was weird, however somewhat appreciated. Finally the table.......the attempt to be trendy I understand, but when you do not put a tablecloth on a table then make sure that the table is not chipped through to the wood in places, so that the black table was actually somewhat tattered looking. The table beside ours was not like this. Yet again, the entire dining experience did not flow and the service was ....well......weird for lack of a better word. Food Excellent.
5	All I can say is that I want to eat here every day...it was that good!The decor/atmosphere is very nice, the service is truly top notch, and the food was downright amazing!There were four of us at dinner and we all absolutely enjoyed our food.  I enjoyed the 1/2 portion creamy artichoke soup & 1/2 portion special heirloom tomato/melon salad, the lobster & tarragon pasta with fresh vegetables and the rhubarb parfait...with a little rose champagne as well.We also tasted the trout and green bean salad, the scallops, the halibut, the cheese sampler and the peach dessert - again, all fantastic! Truly a fantastic dining experience!
5	Never in my life did I ever think I would eat anything called Beef Belly.  It had to be one of the most amazing things I've ever had.  Service was top notch.  Atmosphere is great.  Had the chocolate tart for dessert.  It melted in my mouth.Also tasted the scallops, ribeye, and potatoes.  I highly doubt anything on the menu isn't fantastic.Definitely a must go if you are in Vegas.
5	I am giving these guys a 5, relative to other Vegas restaurants, I have had a few better meals in my day, but this is the best I have had in Vegas and I have been there 9 times ! I would also put this place up against other great restaurants in Chicago etc....  Great atmosphere, waiter was super friendly ( and super gay but that usually means good waiter :)The Waygu Beef Tartare was amazing, the egg yoke was slightly poached and just the right amount of seasoning etc.The foie gras brulee was also amazing, melt in your mouth delicious.  Veal cheeks to top it off, overall a great meal !  Will be back !
4	I decided to pretend that I was a well-to-do person with no cares in the world, and I took a sudden, two-day trip to Vegas on a complete whim. Decided at 10:00 am, bought my ticket at 11:00, flew out at 3:00 and by late afternoon I was in Vegas. I met my parents, and made the executive decision to not go see Viva Elvis. Instead, I took the time to look around Aria, Cosmopolitan, etc. and wondered if I could find a good cocktail. I decided on Sage, and after telling myself I wasn't under-dressed, I wandered in and sat at the bar.Now, I personally do not think I am the most beautiful person on the planet, but I have come to the conclusion that I am not bad to look at, at least on my good days. And I was wearing a cute dress, and I put my confident face on. I ordered the "tea rose" (tea infused Hangar One, rose water, st. germain, lemon, and a pine nut garnish) and settled in to wait for Elvis to let out. And then, out of nowhere, lovely businessmen started talking me up and invited me to dinner.Being a tasteful, respectfully married woman, I had to decline, but honestly the vibe, the menu, and the drinks here had me trying to find any available way to get into said dinner while remaining a respectfully married woman. Sadly, I couldn't come up with any inventive way to do that, so I missed out on dinner. I did, though, get to take in the stylish/romantic/scene-y vibe, and apparently the extremely flattering lighting. Next time I have more time, or my husband in tow, or a relaxed set of morals, I'm taking myself back here and landing myself a dinner to go with my drink.
5	The food here is great, i would go back in an instant. I was a lot happier with my meal than the other 2 peeps i was with, but i bet they would go back and order different things. I had the sweet breads (rich as a mofo) and tasty, the maine day boat scallops (fucking unreal), and i loved it all. The peach praline profiteroles were off the charts good. I want to taste those again. The service here is amazing. We were brought out complimentary tastings throughout the meal which were just badass and perfectly timed.
3	I had the tasting menu at Sage and I thought it was incredibly okay.  The service was very good and the ambience is quite nice, but the food was just okay for the price.  The beef tartar appetizer was very tasty and a nice start to the meal.  The fois gras creme brulee was good, but a little too heavy and the cherries over powered the custard.  I will admit that my expectations were a little too high on this dish based on reviews from others, I had much better fois gras creme brulee in Quebec on my last vacation.    The second and third course were fine, nothing blew my mind.  I wasn't a huge fan of the beef belly.  It was offensive, it just didn't feel very seasonal and was very heavy.  The peach profiteroles were very good and exceeded my expectations based on the description, the chocolate PB dessert option was good but wasn't at all impressive.  Overally I had a nice meal at Sage - it was 3 stars A-OK for sure.  I'd probably give them a second chance in my home town, but there are way too many good great restaurants in Vegas for me to give this one a second chance.
5	The food, the service, oh my gawd it was THE BEST. I came here with my friends after Jean Georges lost my dinner reservation and thank god for this place. I got their $79 Signature Tasting Menu and it was very satisfying, not to mention filling. What I got on the tasting menu was:First Course: Wagyu Beef TartareSecond Course: Glazed Pork BellyThird Course: Iberico Pork LoinFourth Course (Dessert): Peach Praline I would most definitely come back here the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I was so excited to eat at Sage but I was disappointed. The service was okay but we were a little put off when they made us move to a different table in the lounge so that we could order appetizers while waiting for our party to arrive. The warm goat cheese crostini was not anything special and the soup was very bland. The chicken was very tender but was not high in flavor. There are much better restaurants in and around the Aria.
5	I chose to eat at Sage simply because of its location in the Aria resort where I was seeing a show.  I knew nothing of Shawn McClain or the restaurant.  After eating at Sage, I am a fan of both!I believe the menu varies according to what is seasonal and fresh.  The menu I saw was pretty extensive for fine dining.  I chose the $79 Chef's Signature menu which is a four course meal, amuse bouche and additional dessert "compliments of the chef."Starter: Bacon bread with whipped butter and sea saltAmouse Bouche: duck pate with figFirst course: Heirloom tomato saladSecond course: Maine scallops with braised oxtail in salted caramel reductionThird course: Pork loinFourth course: Peach profiterollsChef's dessert: mint infused chocolate soupCocktail: Desert BlushI am not exaggerating when I say that each course was truly wonderful.  I felt like I was eating a meal prepared by someone who actually cared about every bite.  The portions are perfect for this type of menu.The service was spot-on.  It seemed that we had four people making sure we were well cared for -- all very friendly.The restaurant itself is beautiful and comfortable.Sage turned out to be a very happy surprise for me.  It was a meal I'll remember.
4	Service: 4 stars - Professional, but most staff were not particularly warm and friendly. Bonus for replacing the cocktail I ordered and could not stand with a different option with charge or hassle. But the service was generally slow. We sat with our empty dessert dish for 10 minutes and then after someone took that way, with our empty table for another 10 minutes before our waiter checked in with us and we could ask for the check. Ambiance: 4 stars - Generally aesthetically pleasing but a few small issues. One - while the place was not very noisy, the acoustics were such that I had a hard time hearing the person across the table from me. Two - The couches might be a nice look, but I don't want my seat to move when someone else seated at another table has to adjust  their seat unaware that the couch is not stationary. Food: 4.5 stars - Bread and drinks - My husband asked for a good beer pairing with his duck entree was pleased with the result. I tried the Smoking Bulleit and could not stand it, but quite liked the flavor combinations in the Jack Snap. A gentlemen came by occasionally offering us fresh country bacon rolls or sourdough rolls served with a butter with a mild lavender flavor and Australian sea salt. Pretentious. But at least the lavender was very mild and the sea salt was delicious - we also used it to enhance the tartare dish (see below). 1st course - We had the wylie beef tartare and the sweet onion and truffle soup. The soup was creamy with good flavors and wonderful presentation. The tartare was AMAZING and the best thing we ate. Main course - My husband had the duck which was perfectly executed, but did not blow him away. I had the chicken with a truffle ravioli and artichoke. The artichokes were overly citrusy and the ravioli just wasn't very flavorful. However, the chicken was perfectly cooked and the sauce had a good flavor. Dessert - We had something involving a blackberry mouse and dark chocolate. The portion was...miniscule - 4 bites. The presentation was nice, and the flavors were alright but nothing divine. Price: 3 stars - Overly pricey. The food was well perfectly prepared and the service was professional, but slow. However, for that price, I expect unique dishes, amazing flavor combinations, and superb service. The place is pricier and inferior to Mesa Grill at Ceasar's Palace. However, if you get the early dinner prix fix or the signature prix fix then it would be more reasonable.
4	An excellent dining experience, without a doubt. Sage is one of those no-brainer restaurants where you know you're going to have a great meal and not have to stress about it. My folks were in Vegas and they like to go to fancy restaurants from time-to-time and Sage was on their radar. All I had to do was get ready and show up, which is how I like it :)We arrived about 15 minutes before the reservation and decided to have a drink at the bar. Sparkling rose, please. I ended up guzzling down about 4 glasses of this stuff over the span of our meal. Can't get enough of the bubbly. Our server was quite jovial. He even tolerated my Dad's cheesy jokes, which automatically promotes him to Sainthood. More good news? It was Restaurant Week, which means there were even more delicious dishes to choose from beyond the regular menu. I ended up splitting the ribeye + bone marrow + foie gras special. Not my *favorite*, by my favorite +1's eyes lit up when they rattled off some of his favorite foods together on one plate. How could I say no?  Food was excellent. Rich, decadent - everything one could expect from a meal of duck liver, red meat and the marrow. It even came with a side of creamy pureed potatoes. Dessert? It was OK. Actually, I don't even remember what we ate. I was more into my glass of sparkling wine than anything else. And after two hours at the table, I was itching to go somewhere else.Why 4 stars instead of 5? As much as I enjoyed the experience, it's not going on the "Best Meals Evar" list. There's absolutely nothing wrong with Sage, it's just not a restaurant that I would pick again. Perhaps I'm not classy enough or my palate is not as refined? My parents loved it, though, and that's all that really matters, since they were the ones picking up the check ;)
4	Absolutely loved it!!!  Atmosphere, service, food, just about everything was perfect in this place.  Me and my wife had Chef's Signature tasting menu and everything was just cooked to perfection.  My only complain was we got there 5 minutes before our reservaton time and it took them another 15~20mins until we got seated.  Other than that, I highly recommend.  If you are not sure what to eat, just go with Chef's Tasting menu.  You will enjoy it and leave full and happy! :)
5	Food was superb. best in las vegas thus far. had heirloom tomato salad as app. really good. and for the entree the skate wing dish. really flavorful. wife had the 4 course chef's menu -outstanding. 1. beef tartare  2. scallop dish 3. braised beef and 4. dessert was chocolate/peanut concoction. this prix fixe menu you have two choices for each course. ask the server what they recommend. also the drinks were really good- mojito, cranberry and vodka and nice wine selection. btw the place has a cool, dark vibe with upscale crowd. it's the IT  restaurant  in LV right now..
5	One of the best dinners I have ever had ..... and I eat a lot (too many) nice dinners.  Great service and ambiance which only makes the food taste even better.I dare you to try but dont clog up my reservation time ;)
5	I felt a little bit like a country bumpkin when my boyfriend walked me through doors of Sage. I mean, I have been to a few nice restaurants in my day, however, I have never been the youngest person in the room at any of those places. In Sage's case, that's probably because when people my age visit Vegas they partake in the $19.95 buffet at the Imperial Place and drink margaritas out of large plastic cups. I am extremely happy that my boyfriend and I have either better taste or deeper pockets than most of the 21-25 year old crowd because this restaurant is delicious!We started with drinks at the bar towards the front of the restaurant. Sean said that his Martini was one of the best he ever tasted, and my peach bullet was just unreal. The bartender was awesome. I couldn't decide on my pre dinner drink, and he helped me choose based on other drinks that I do like. He also spent a good twenty minutes giving Sean and I a lesson in different absinthes. He let us smell all of the different kinds that Sage offers and taught us about both the French and Russian methods of serving it. Fun fact: Sage sells the most absinthe of anywhere in the world. We were walked into the main dinning room which is decorated with deep purples, dim lighting, and dark wooden tables. After being seated, we were given bread and creamy butter with an array of spices mixed in. After that the chef treated us to a sample of the soup of the night. I can't remember what it was called, but it was fantastic. We ordered beef tartare for our appetizer. I was a little hesitant to try it, but I am so glad I did. It was probably one of the best tasting foods I have ever had. I can't really compare it to other tartares because this was my first time having it, but as a N00b I really enjoyed it. I ordered the spagetti with scallops, lobster, and octopus as m main course. I also really enjoyed that, but it was a little too much after the starters. We ended with a hot chocolate and orange soup. It really put the final touches on the meal. Everything was perfect. Our main server and the other staff that waited on us through out the night really made it a wonderful evening!
5	Very delicious. Had the Pork Tenderloin Medallions. Was excellent! Moist, succulent, and paired with eggplant and shredded pork wrapped in an egg noodle sheet. The friendboy ordered the Braised short ribs. Also, very tender and juicy. Decor was nice, ambiance was just right for a nice romantic mood, and was also cozy.Do not order drip coffee/french press. It looked like tea with fershly ground black pepper.
5	My husband said it was the best meal of his life. For me it was in the top 5. We both had the 4 course tasting menu. With the Amuse and the petifore, it was actually 6 courses. Highlights: Service was top notch. Food-  The beef tartar made all other beef tartars inadequate by comparison. Luxurious, decadent and so delicious. The pork belly was the best I've ever tasted and divine with the corn that accompanied it. Loved the beef belly in all its fatty richness. Everything we had was well seasoned and beautifully presented. Lowlight: for $10 extra, I got the foie gras creme brulee. It was OK, but the flavor was a little too delicate for my tastes. Sage deserves to in the top tier of Las Vegas restaurants. I would recommend this restaurant to almost anyone. It's romantic, service is incredible and everything we tried was good to excellent. Our bill was around $230 without tip- and totally worth it.
4	Very delicious, very refined, very service oriented.  This restaurant should be on everyone's list.  The food is local, fresh and natural.  The chef is innovative and the wine list is exciting.  I will definitely return here every time I am in Vegas.  A complete hit!
5	Came here for the bachelorette party and the MOH so graciously paid for our ridiculously expensive meal. Ordered the braised veal cheeks, tried the farms chicken and kobe skirt steak. The beef tartare with a bit of crispy chocolate was interesting - you didn't really taste the chocolate but who knew this could taste good. AMAZING bacon bread - could not get enough.Any restaurant to put bacon on anything and chocolate in meat and pull it off deserves 5 stars. My review isn't doing it justice.
1	So disappointing!  We had the signature menu $79, and between the two of us tried all the items.  The scallops were the only item that I can report as tasty.  The beef and pork loin were over salted, and garnished with a slice of deli meat. I felt like I was on a bad episode of chopped. What a waste!  The search of the Rosemary's replacement is still ongoing.
3	I am quite undecided about how to rate the whole experience at Sage. Food was really good but very one note... There was no progression in the Signature menu - every dish was rich and heavy and one was similar to the other in more ways than one.The wine pairing was OK. I am not a big wine person so I wouldn't know the quality but i liked 3 out of 4 of them.Foodwise, Tried every options except the brussel sprouts on the menu. It would be a little lengthy to go through all the 8 dishes plus Amuse but these are the hits:Wagyu Beef Tartare - really good and seasoned very well. I liked the poached egg touch rather than raw. Not the least bit slimy.Foie Gras Brulee - Rich and quite strange. I can't stop eating it but the iron-y aftertaste can be off putting to some. The brioche that came with was amazing!Maine Dayboat Scallops - The scallops were quite good and it came w delicious braised oxtail.48 Hour Beef Belly - Great dish. Very rich and tender...Flavours are reminiscent of BBQ Ribs.The other dishes were OK, nothing great but well prepared. But I didn't like either desserts, they were a little blah... Service was horrendous that night. Our 4 course meal took us over 2.5 hours. We waited for over 30 minutes before our orders were taken... Our waiter was never around and it was just overall frustrating to spend so much time trying to find him to order, to get the bill and even to order a coffee with my dessert!
5	We decided to go for the four course menu, and since there was two of us, we pretty much just ordered everything so that we could sample everything.  My favorite course was the first (the oysters and the beef tartare were AMAZING!) but so was everything else.  I love the decor of this place... simple yet so elegant.  Not too much going on.  It's wide open yet intimate.  Beautiful!!  Our server was fantastic, and I couldn't have asked for a better evening.  I had some cocktails, but can't seem to remember the name...I believe it was some tea cocktail, but it was yummy!  I highly recommend you try this place out. I want to go back.... =]
5	We had the signature tasting menu which was a perfect way to try a lot of their menu.  Hands down the first course was by far and away the best:  the market oysters and wagyu beef tartare were heaven.  The decor is quite subdued.  You know you are here for a fine dining experience, no loud gimmicks or distractions.  Service was top notch and the price will not break the bank.
1	Sorry, but Sage just doesn't do it for us. I know that I would be the odd one out in the sea of 4-star and 5-star reviews, but hey, I tell it like it is.Our dinner was at 7.30 and we thought we had ample time to get ready before heading to our table at XS (I told our host we would get there at 11.30).  But we were late - a large part of it was due to our server.  He was nice and all, but boy was he slow.  He gave us our menu, left, came back 15 minutes later to go through the specials, and left again, during which time we decided to go with the four-course signature menu.  At that time, it was already 8 and we were ready to kick off the dinner, but our server was busy chatting with other patrons despite the fact that he acknowledged that we were ready to order.  Another 10 minutes passed before he finally wrapped up his earnest discussion and finally took our order. $79 for the four-course dinner plus $39 for wine pairing seemed like a great deal, until the courses were served.  The dishes ranged from underwhelming to pure nasty.  My beef tartare was the latter and the beef belly was the former (maybe I'm uneducated and unsophisticated but, I don't come across beef belly too often.  I'd like to think it's for a good reason because well, it just doesn't taste good and I could think of a bunch of other parts of the cow that are infinitely better).  The best dish was dayboat scallops, which were plump and fresh.  But the entire experience, plus the price tag, just made for a bad meal overall.
5	When my brother and I go to Vegas, we've made a tradition of going out for one high-end meal.  Sage was our choice on this latest trip.  We had an early reservation, and sat back for our evening's feast.We did the four course "Signature Tasting Menu" with beer pairings.  (nothing wrong with wine, but I'm a beer guy)  Bread was brought out to start.  Sourdough and country bacon rolls were the choices, served with homemade butter and a little sea salt.  My first course was the wagyu beef tartare paired with Chimay grande reserve belgian ale, the second course was maine dayboat scallops and Sierra Nevada Ovila dubbel ale, the third course was iberico pork loin matched with Sam Smith's nut brown ale, and the final course was apple and fennel strudel paired with Aventus german weisbock.  This was followed with a shot of chocolate hazelnut soup.My brother basically did the other half of the tasting menu (with the optional foie gras brulee), but I'm not going to type that out, too!  The only decision I would change would have been dessert.  I would have chosen the crunchy chocolate peanut butter tart with the Young's double chocolate stout, if for no other reason than my preference for the stout over the bock. Service was professional, knowledgable, and efficient, and the surroundings elegant.  It was a fine choice for a couple suave brothers out on the town.
3	Pretty darn good. We did a surprise 6 course tasting, and that was pretty good. I didn't get a chance to taste the menu.
5	I cannot recommend Sage enough. It has an incredibly attractive atmosphere and the food exceeded my expectations. Sage specializes in absinthe and I would highly recommend getting it Russian style. I ordered the veal cheeks and my friend had the kobe steak, both were incredibly tasty. We ended up spending quite a bit but we agreed it was worth it.
2	I can't believe all the great reviews, because I was so disappointed with this place.  My boyfriend and I went there for our anniversary, thinking the tasting menu would be worth saving up for.  We're fine dining lovers but also students, and while I certainly realize there are much more expensive places in Vegas, Sage isn't cheap at $79 for a tasting menu plus $39 for the wine pairing.  It's certainly expensive enough that we expected exceptional food and wine.  Unfortunately, that's not the case here.  Each dish was underwhelming at best and completely unfortunate at most.  On top of that and sadly, even if they had been delicious, they were so TINY it barely mattered.  We understand that tasting portions are supposed to be smaller, and we've been to enough really high end restaurants to know, but these plates seemed like a satire of the tiny plates in fancy restaurants.  After spending almost $350, we left talking about ordering grilled cheese from room service later that night.So, details.  To be fair, let's start with the good stuff.  The restaurant was pretty.  The waiter was attentive.  (The busboy was actually even better--a nice guy who was totally on top of everything.)  The bread, butter and pink sea salt were all tasty.  The menu was creative, which is the reason we chose Sage in the first place.  And....well, that's about it.Because...that inventive menu?  A mess.  Almost every single dish we had took what might have been a beautiful main ingredient and ruined it by throwing it entirely out of balance.  We started, for example, with lovely oysters.  But those oysters were drowned in a hot sauce foam that completely killed the briny goodness.  Too much!  We also had that famous fois gras brulee, which was served cold (on purpose, but it was kind of unsettling) and which they decided to throw a sweet, sticky spoonful of marmalade on top of, turning it cotton-candy sweet.  The wine pairings were no help.  For example, yes, it's common to pair rich fois with a sweet wine like a Tokaji, which they did.  But how does that make sense when one is already dealing with a mouth full of marmalade?  Sweet on top of sweet on top of rich.  Straight up gross.The second course was the best, only because it was okay as opposed to outright bad.  We had the scallops, which were decent.  Small, and not particularly exciting, but okay.  The oxtail in the dish was superfluous, but that's fine since there was barely any of it on the plate, and the salted caramel reduction was, again, a little too sweet.  But it was passable.  The pork belly was tiny and not as succulent as pork belly usually is, and the corn tortelloni was meh; maybe some more pancetta and mushrooms would have made it better (because they make everything better.)  Anyway, it was okay.  The wine pairing was also the best of the three, though not exciting...a domestic pinot noir, for example, that I could have found for $10 a bottle at Trader Joe's.The main course was a complete disaster.  The pork loin was sliced too thin and was completely dry.  The beef belly, which I was totally excited about, was a lovely, juicy cut (though, again, was absolutely minuscule).  Imagine the fatty end of a texas-style bbq brisket.  Yum.  Or...yum until you drown out any semblance of flavor with a bunch of hot jalepeno-like peppers.  Then, not yum.  Not at all.  Where a little heat would have been nice, this was a mouth full of pepper in every bite, killing all other flavor.  And wines that were too sweet for both, all around.The very best dish we had was the chocolate and peanut butter tart at the end.  But who could mess up chocolate and peanut butter?  It was served with a Madeira wine that made me cringe.  My boyfriend's desert was so unmemorable that I actually don't remember what it was...though it was served with a delicious port, so at least they got one wine right.All in all, we were completely sad that we made the choice we did.  I'm actually a lover of food from places high and low, and I'm as happy getting delicious $8 ramen from a hole in the wall as I am with a gourmet menu.  However, when you're paying over $350 for a meal, it's fair to expect that the dishes have, at the very least, a nice balance of flavor.  These didn't.  Maybe we came on a bad night.  But we won't find out, because there's no way we're ever going there again.
5	The girlfriend and I were in town for a much-needed vacation.  After some advance research, we decided on Sage in Aria for our first dinner in Vegas.  We were met for dinner by a group of friends.  Our party of five was seated at a spacious round table in a large, high-ceilinged, modern yet not overdone dining room.  From its sheer size and layout, Sage lends itself to big, boisterous meals with good friends rather than a quiet, intimate meal with a significant other.  The menu is diverse and offers an appetizing selection of American cuisine.  It took no time at all for the girlfriend and I to decide on getting the $79 Signature Tasting Menu.  One of the nice things about the tasting menu is that you have a couple of choices for each course and that not everyone at the table has to order it.  Therefore, the girlfriend had one dish while I had the other which allowed us full coverage of Sage's Signature Tasting Menu.  Our meals started off with an amuse of a slice of Chicken Sausage that seemed more akin to a terrine than a savory sausage.  Not bad, but not truly memorable.  What was memorable was my first course of five Morro Bay Oysters topped with an aged tequila mignonette and an interesting, but very complimentary Piquillo pepper and Tabasco sorbet which actually looked and tasted like a frozen Sriracha sauce.  The oysters were exceedingly fresh, plump and juicy.  The sorbet was sublime and would make for a spicy dessert in its own right.  The girlfriend's first course, the Wagyu Beef Tartare with crushed caper aioli, slow-poached egg, and crispy chocolate, was equally satisfying.  My second course was the Maine Day Boat Scallops, which were seared perfectly with braised oxtail, chanterelles, and served over a salted caramel reduction.  It was simply excellent and outshined the GF's well-executed Glazed Pork Belly with sweet corn tortellini, porcini mushrooms and crispy pancetta.  The third course was my personal favorite of the meal, the 48 Hour Beef Belly...braised for two frickin' days!!!... with golden chanterelles, Padron peppers, and California plums tossed in at some point.  Holy Mother of God, this dish was savory and practically melt in your mouth tender.  It could almost make me forsake pork belly forever for the lure of more of this beef belly!  It surpassed a very impressive dish of Iberico Pork Loin, milk-braised cannelloni, baby eggplant, and creminelli mortadella.  For dessert, we had the Crunch Chocolate and Peanut Butter Tart, with a cassis sphere and toasted marshmallow sauce.  I'm not a big dessert guy, but I can appreciate one well done.  This was one of those cases.  It was a gourmet Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, but so much better!  Chef Shawn McClain and Sage were unknown quantities to me before stepping into the restaurant.  I have been enlightened.  While Sage may not have received the acclaim of some of Vegas' other fine dining establishments, it more than holds its own.  Service was first-rate.  Sage delivers with fresh ingredients, bold flavors, and exciting dishes.  Obviously, your mileage may vary, but on this night Sage was a strong 4.75!
4	After contemplating on various places to eat, I decided on Sage because of the strong reviews.  The restaurant is gorgeous and elegant...reminding me of  a big city vibe.  Service was amazing, the waiters never let our water glasses go empty.  And the food was delicious, hence, I live my life filling it up with food that makes my tummy go yummm.  They give two choices of breads, a sausage biscuit one or a sourdough one which the sausage biscuit was warm and fresh.   The waiters offered an Amuse Bouche of Onion Soup with Toasted Sunflowers as well.  Onions are normally so pungent, but the aroma of this soup was extremely comforting and smooth, hats off to the Chef (who is also from San Diego :) ).  I ordered the Seared Bigeye Tuna Sashimi to share with everyone which included 5 slices of melt in your mouth tuna.  I had ordered the Braised Veal Cheeks which was extremely tender, while my friends ordered the Maine Boat Scallops and the Potato Arctic Char which both extremely flavorful as well.  The waiters also gave us another sample of a Chocolate Kahlua soup at the end of our meal with our desserts that was delish!  Very rich chocolate and it was absolutely perfect for our group of girls :) I just wanted to try something a little different than what the prix fixe menu had offered, and I thought the Chef did a great job, however, I can also see how others could also say that there wasn't anything too impressive because you are able to find each of some of the ingredients such as tuna, steaks, scallops at other restaurants as well.  The main point I'm making is that when I go out to eat, I'm looking at the artistic point of view of how the chef turns these simple items into something memorable which is why I'm writing this review.This place is wonderful for groups of family and friends with great service.  It is rather on the pricier side, but you are paying for service and ambiance which was top notch.  Sage Restaurant, I love your waiters, the hostess and the Chef.  I hope to visit again soon!
5	Foie grad custard - very rich but that's expected when you have egg AND foie together. the foie wasn't just sitting on top of the custard but was incorporated into the custard - very nice touch.Wagyu Tartare - as if wagyu wasn't decadent enough, they top it off with a sous vide egg!Oysters - (very!) small but vinegared shallots were very flavorful Scallops - best I've ever had, and with braised oxtail -- Wow. Beef belly - melt in your mouth richnessApple strudel - yum but too full by this point.The complimentary warm white chocolate soup should've came earlier :)
3	Very well executed plates of seasonally inspired fare. Not a bad tasting course on the $120 Chef's Tasting Menu. However, I can't bring myself to love this place. For the money, I just didn't think the value was there. The portions were silver-dollar sized. The accompanying wine pairing was all 2 oz pours - again just enough to give you a taste. I honestly felt afterwards like I wanted a sandwich. Service was amiable but a bit casual for a fine dining establishment.  The hostesses at the front are your usual post-teen malcontents you'd find working at a P.F. Changs. For the money, you're much better off at about a dozen other restaurants in Vegas.
5	During our recent trip to Las Vegas, I had to do some damage control to make up for the supremely lame meal we had the previous night at Delmonico's at the Venetian.Mid-afternoon on a Saturday, she was browsing Yelp looking for a dinner spot and stumbled upon Sage. We called and were able to make a reservation for 9pm that same night.We arrived a little early but the restaurant had quite a few open tables, so the hostess offered to seat us right away. We declined and instead had a cocktail at the bar. She told us to let her know whenever we were ready to be seated. There was a sizable selection of signature cocktails at the bar; but the misses went with a Moscow Mule, which was served proper in a cold, copper mug. Nice touch. I ordered the Smokin Bulliett, which was bourbon, infused with mint and lemon. The infusion definitely subdued the burn a bit, but it was delicious.After a short while at the bar, we elected to be seated. Our waiter, Marcus, promptly introduced himself, presented the wine list and went through the menu with us. He was very friendly and polite. When he mentioned the chef's tasting menu, we were instantly sold. The chef's tasting menu is a six course meal ($120 per person) with optional beer ($50/pp) or wine ($60/pp) pairing. We decided to go for the gusto and opted for the wine pairing.To begin, Marcus brought us a 1997 Nicolas Feuillatte champagne brut with an amuse-bouche -- a single oyster with a dab of foamed hot sauce. It was a great starter and palette cleanser, with just enough burn to notice it before it faded from your taste buds.The first course was a hamachi sashimi with lemon, paddlefish row and a pear foam. Wow! This chef knows his stuff. The combination of the yellowtail and the pear was amazing. At this point, we both just wanted an entire entree of this course.Next, for the second course, was a foie gras brulee with tangerine marmalade and cocoa nibs. Another mind blower. The "brulee" was slightly chilled, rich and creamy. The richness of the foie gras with the hint of cocoa, and the sweet of the marmalade, worked so perfectly when spread over the brioche on the side.With the foie gras, we enjoyed a Sauternes (Chateau Roumieu Lacoste, 2006). The sweet wine with the sweet of the marmalade contrasted the richness of the foie gras very well.The third course was a pan-roasted sea scallop with small, crispy potato rounds and sweet fennel. After Marcus brought it to our table, he then poured a Jamon-Iberico (black Iberian pig ham) chowder over the dish. This "ham" broth smelled amazing and worked in unison with the potato and fennel. The scallops were cooked to perfection. Of the six courses, this was both our least favorite. Please don't take that as a knock on the dish; it was amazing, but alas, something always has to finish last. Still a stellar dish.The fourth course was a bacon-wrapped rabbit loin with a pumpkin puree and duck-venison terrine. The size of this dish was small but perfectly sized to compliment the other courses. While I enjoyed the rabbit (with bacon!), I found the duck-venison terrine to be my favorite part of the course. A terrine is similar to a meatloaf, but with coarser chops on the ingredients, and it's served cold.Next was a 48-hour beef belly for the 5th course. I'm not sure what the 48-hours meant, and it escaped my mind to ask at that moment. The belly was very tender and, as expected, quite fatty. This course was paired with an amazing juicy and spicy 2004 Nero d'Avola Harmonium from Italy.For dessert we had a passion fruit mousse with huckleberries and a small almond sponge cake. The mousse was firm like custard and very delicious. Just before dessert came, the pastry chef sent us a small "soup" of white chocolate and cayenne pepper. It was served in something akin to a shot glass and slightly warm. That was amazing! My girlfriend hasn't stopped raving about it since.Final damage with tip was just over $500 for two people.This was, hands-down, the best food and dining experience I've ever had! My girlfriend agrees.The service from Marcus was impeccable. The atmosphere is sophisticated, modern but still inviting. Tip of the hat to Chef McClain.We'll be back every time we're in Vegas.
5	Superb food, outstanding service!
2	The food is So So, but my husband and a coworker got the Oysters to start with  and the two of them ended up with food poisoning!  The vegetarain options on their set menu are not great.  Their risotto was not cooked enough, i know risotto is supposed to have bite, but this was ridiculous i was chewing forever!  This year i told the company not to bring us back here! Maybe I will go to Sirio instead... so much better!
5	We had an 8-person family dinner here early on a Saturday evening. They were very accommodating of all our requests, and the service was excellent overall. Our water glasses were constantly being refilled. The restaurant is beautiful (and quite large), and it's really quiet, even when the place got packed later during the evening. I would highly suggest this restaurant for large groups.Now onto the food! Their bacon cheese bread to start is quite tasty. I ordered the tasting menu, and it was soo yummy and relatively affordable, and tons of food! A few standout dishes were my rabbit wrapped in bacon served with a sweet potato (?) ravioli. The combination of salty, smoky, and sweet flavors was amazing! Also, the chocolate peanut butter dessert the server suggested had amazing texture and crunch. Served with a raspberry sauce filled dark chocolate. So yum!The only criticism I have is probably that the Aria is not my favorite hotel in Vegas...something about the decor/ambiance is just kind of "off". But 5 stars for Sage anyway, check them out!
4	In a time when Las Vegas restaurants are remodeling left and right in order to provide a more causal dining experience, Sage still has an almost hidden entryway.  We stopped by near opening time for cocktails ... and a little foie gras.  Originally skeptical, the Foie Gras Custard Brulee was enough to make us want to stop by for a full dinner sometime.The bar has some good beer on tap - mostly Belgians or Belgian-styles.  They also have a respectable classic cocktail menu.  We came to try out some absinthe, though.  They're a little ... overly sensationalistic ... about the recent availability and changes in law, but they have a decent selection of bottles to choose from and are happy to make recommendations in a variety of price ranges.  They also do the fun, flaming "Bohemian Method" of serving it ... or the more staid French water dripping thing.Service at the bar was friendly and fun ... we were about the only people in the restaurant at that hour, though.
2	Color me disappointed.  With such high reviews on Yelp, I really thought that this was going to be great new find.Service was just meh.  Our guy rambled through the tasting menu dishes as they came out and then was off just as quick as he came. The food itself was not very memorable. Now, it might have been a jaded experience because I'd eaten at L'Atelier the night prior, but had I not taken picture of each dish as they came out, I wouldn't have remembered them.  It wasn't until the next day when I saw the hamachi dish that I recalled how good it was. I wish the entire tasting menu has consisted of that.  The oyster - meh. And now that I see that Sarah C.'s husband and coworker got food poisoning, I'm pretty sure that's what made me sick too.I think the most offensive dish was dessert.  I'll post a photo -- but believe me when I tell you this passionfruit mousse looked like a damn stick of room temperature butter.  In terms of flavor, it was pretty good -- but that's after you get the idea of eating butter out of your head.  Not an easy feat. The best part of the meal?  Another server who looked just like Kevin Spacey and had personality to boot. I wish he'd been our guy.
4	got the signature menu and was not disappointed it was great!
4	I was so excited to try Sage after one of my best friends raved about it!  I would have given it 5 stars if they hadn't basically kicked us out at 11pm.  They took our reservation for 3 at 10pm, but that's ok.The scallops more than made up for it!  WOW!    I had a glass of wine, but my friend had the ginger beer drink and it was AMAZING!  Very impressive!  Even came in a copper mug.The restaurant is very beautiful and very simple.  We had two waiters- one was very knowledgeable and gave excellent recommendations, and the other was delightfully sarcastic:)Overall, we had a very enjoyable experience.
5	I travel to Vegas frequently for work and that usually includes infrequent memorable dining experiences. Based on proximity of meetings and entertaining clients I have been to dinners at places like Nobu, Mesa Grill, Olives, Delmonico, Cut, Craftsteak... the list goes on.  With the exception of Nobu, I think you can usually have good meal, some times very good, just nothing that's going to blow you away. Nothing that's gonna grab you and say, "hey! look at me! forget the hot women (or men), loud craps table, and ringing slot machines. This is a meal you ain't gonna forget so pay attention!"  I've had these before in Vegas (Raku), just not on the strip and especially not for around $100pp.  Enter Sage.You walk past the Aria lobby and through a mini hallway. It seems as if Sage is hidden in some back room like a high roller's restaurant only. Even at the hostess counter you don't get visibility in to the restaurant. I immediately say to the hostess "hey this place looks dead. are you sure I should eat here?" With no hesitation she sassily responds with a giggle "uh yaaaah, he kicks ass." Right there I know I'm good. I didn't even know the chef's name but from her comment "he" is someone that's gonna hook me up.To make things easy my business partner and I went with the Signature tasting menu and added the yellowtail crudo cause hey I love yellowtail. You get a few choices for each course which allowed us to sample most of the dishes between the two of us.The amuse bouche (which I don't remember) and the yellowtail were both not bad but are not what's going to bring me back.What's bringing me back? Oysters! I'm an oyster fein and my goodness these might have been the best oysters I've ever had. People are going to slap me. I'm from the Pacific NW and I believe these were Kushis. There are a good amount of people who refuse to believe that Vegas can get fresh seafood. I guess they think only humans get transported via airplane. These oysters were amazingly fresh. They were semi-sweet, a tad briny, and  creamy. There was zero hint of fishiness. It was topped with a tabasco sorbet which was was inventive. I don't know what it was. The freshness. the tabasco sorbet. Something about these oysters blew me away. Instant jackpot!The rest of the meal was outstanding. With 2nd course I got the pork belly. It was a really good cut with just the right amount of fat and lots of meat. I remember it being tender and moist, not dry like many other pork dishes. I also tried the scallops with oxtail which I do believe would've been the better option of the two. For the main course I had the beef belly (lots of belly in my belly!). This dish melts in your mouth. You could cut it with your fork. I know that beef belly isn't exactly the most expensive dish. Really, it's an offshoot of the short rib. But man, the way they do it here was top class. Great job.I was drunk and full by the time dessert showed up so I honestly don't remember how good it was. I just remember enjoying some crispy tarts and a peach thingy. What I do remember is that Sage was impressive especially at $80 for the tasting menu. The hostess set the tone and the food carried it on. Sage has become my favorite restaurant on the strip. For those of you that think otherwise cause of some other places that start with Joel, e, or Guy... sorry I'm not a high roller and I don't think a restaurant that costs over $200pp that you can only dine once or twice can constitute as a favorite. Sage on the other hand I'll be frequenting.
4	I don't know if I was particularly starving or exhausted or some sick combination of both, but I didn't go into Sage expecting a whole lot, but was blown away by the service and the food quality! It was surprisingly empty for a Friday night, but as long as the food is good, what do I care?  I got the Chef's menu and enjoyed every single dish.  The chef started us off with a little amuse bouche of some sort of escargot.  I'm not a huge fan of snails, but this one tasted a bit smoky and not too much like snail, so all was well.  My first dish was the Wagyu Beef Tartare, with a poached egg yolk on top.  It was served with a generous amount of delicious toasted bread soaked in olive oil and the combination of the beef, egg, and bread was fantastic.  It was followed up with a couple of seared scallops and braised oxtail.  the scallops were cooked perfectly and the oxtail was so tender it practically fell apart.  My main dish was a 48 hour beef belly (actually, it's marinated for 24 hours, then cooked for 48 hours, so it should really be called a 72 hour beef belly) which was so tender it literally melted in my mouth.  By that time, I was completely full; however, this beef belly was so good I finished it all and powered through.  I finished off my meal with an apple and fennel crumble-like concoction with some brown butter ice cream.  While it was delicious, it was way too sweet for me and I couldn't handle it after the copious amount of food I just ingested.Regardless, the service was amazing - all of the waiters were very attentive and friendly.  The food was delicious and completely blew me away!  I don't know why this restaurant wasn't more packed, because I've definitely been to other "higher-rated" restaurants that underwhelmed and disappointed me.  I'd recommend Sage if you're looking for a great meal at a great price!
5	Sage was wonderful.  I've been coming to Vegas for four years at Christmas and have eaten at a number of fine dining restaurants.  The meal I had at Sage was the best.  My companion wanted the tasting menu with wine pairings.  Many places require all diners at a table to get the tasting menu.  I applaud Sage for not going that route.  She said all of her dishes were delicious, with a spectacular rabbit dish and excellent wine pairings with very generous pours, not just a splash in the bottom of the glass.The cocktail menu is interesting and features  an excellent, tangy Moscow Mule.  For anyone who loves the flavor of ginger in a drink, I recommend it highly.The bread service includes a wonderful bacon bread roll so good I could have eaten half a dozen.  But don't fill up on the bread because you are going to want to eat every bite of your meal.The amuse bouche was a lobster salad.  I'm not a shellfish fan (not allergic, just don't like it) so I can't comment on it from personal experience.  My companion was happy to eat my portion as well as her own.I started with a lovely, velvety squash and pear soup that was perfectly seasoned.  There was a balsamic gelee at the bottom of the bowl and as it melted into the soup each mouthful was varied delight of nuanced flavor.My second course was the pear and brussels sprout salad with bacon and a mustard vinaigrette.  You need to mess up the lovely presentation so you get a bit of each component in every bite.  When you do, WOW!I had the short rib for my entree.  Deeply crusted, succulent with fondant potatoes and a parsnip puree.  You are going to want to soak up every drop of the sauce.I had the passion fruit mousse for dessert.  It was light enough to not weigh me down after the three previous courses, full of fruit flavor, silky and delicious.The final dish of the evening was a small cup of piping hot white chocolate and strawberry cocoa.  I don't know how they infused so much strawberry flavor into the drink, but that touch of acidity from the berries was just enough to cut the richness of the white chocolate.  It was a perfect capper to the meal.Service at the restaurant was excellent, attentive without being smothering.  The interval between courses was timed perfectly, there was never a need to ask for our water or my iced tea glass to be refreshed and, when we requested lots of ice for our water, we were brought ice every time our glasses were refilled.I cannot recommend Sage highly enough.  If you have one fine dining experience in Vegas, make it Sage.
3	Oooh fancy new restaurant in the Aria hotel.....modern yet classy atmosphere... everyone is dressed up....well almost everyone...I saw some woman with tennis shoes....=/ but most were in dressy jeans and dress shirts, dresses and suits. Like all fancy restaurants...the menu is very limited...and it took me awhile to decide what I wanted.So for starters, they give a complimentary piece of bread (either the bacon wheat or regular sourdough...since I don't like sourdough I took the bacon wheat...which oOoh was soooooo good with the lavender butter spread!) then they was a tiny teaspoon of lobster meat and something else..lol also complimentary of the chef...it was a small bite but quite flavorful. I ordered the Belgian Ale-Braised Short Rib....and my bf ordered the Liberty Farms Duck....I honestly didn't like the short rib that I ordered because it was like eating fat and it was pretty salty....it came in two pieces...with a few fondant potato sticks..which is really fries..lol but they were salty too.....so at $41 dollars I felt like I was eating over-salted larb. =/ It might sound like I'm exaggerating .... and maybe I am...but that's how I would describe the short rib. The duck on the other hand was really good...despite the fact that I don't like figs...with which it came with as a light sauce...I liked it way much more than my short ribs. So I'm really giving this place 3 stars and half....the service was pretty good...nothing to complain about there...it wasn't a very busy night even though it's Friday evening...but then again it's Vegas...most ppl are either drunk or gambling...not eating at $50 a plate restaurants....unless they are up...haha Overall I guess I wouldn't mind coming back...but eh I might just as well stick with buffets....for $50 bucks at least I get a wide selection...and I would be full...honestly I don't think I was full...so I wanted dessert but they didn't offer anything I wanted so I kinda left not hungry but not super full either. Good for dates I guess...since if the girl didn't want to eat so full after fitting into that oh-so-hard-to-get-into dress. =P
4	My wife and I had the pleasure of dining at Sage the day after Christmas after randomly finding it in the Aria.  A bit of "otherwise can't be bothered" attitude from  the hostess aside, we were treated to a great meal with a lobster amuse bouche, a great iberico/beet salad, incredible roast duck, a risotto, and the final: a hop-gelato-orange-tabasco dessert that we loved.  Great service, good Oregon Pinot and a knowledgeable sommelier later, we were impressed and pleasantly surprised.  highly recommended for a quiet ambience in Vegas.
5	Thursday, December 22, 2011 at 5:00pm: Party of 4: My Second VisitSage was the finest dining experience I have ever had. I wore my finest suit for the occasion. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and were escorted into the lounge.  The artwork and decor were classic 1920's / 1930's. The purple and gold hues with low lighting set the mood. We were escorted into the restaurant.My wife and I were in two chairs while the other couple loved the bench seating wrapped around a column. The menus were easy to read.Throughout the evening, the staff met all of our needs. The ones who stood out to me were James, John and Pablo.  They were attentive, quick, personable and knowledgeable.The meal was outrageous. The warm bacon bread roll and sourdough baguette with creamy butter and sea salt created an obviously salty taste to the level I wanted.My wife and I followed that up with the Shaved Brussels sprout salad with pears, macadamia nuts, and a vinaigrette. It was sweet and tangy. Slow-Poached Organic Farm Egg: Smoked Potato / Shaved Summer Truffles / Toasted Country Bread. It was warm and soothing.The Pacific Yellowtail Crudo: Shaved Trumpet Mushrooms / Black Summer Truffle / Toasted Pine Nuts. The yellowtail was cool and the pine nuts created a nice texture in combination with it.Side note: Truffles go great with the last two items.My main course was the Iberico Pork Loin: Milk-Braised Cannelloni / Baby Eggplant / Creminelli Mortadella.  The meat, pasta, vegetable combination was great. The meat was soft and had a special flavor. I had to read a little about Iberico Pork Loin, because it was so good. It's even a specialty in Spain (Iberian Peninsula).We didn't get the dessert this time, but we were here in July 2011 and the dessert was excellent in presentation and in taste.We started the day in an Aria Sky Suite with a view of the Strip watching the sunrise over the mountains just to the left of the Mandarin. We had breakfast at the Cafe Vettro and spent the day in Aria. This was end of a perfect day and the beginning of a wonderful evening before going to see a show at 7:00pm.
4	In the hip and trendy hotel of Aria is Sage, a restaurant that delineates what the hotel is about.  Cool purple lighting on the wall with a dim lit, intimate atmosphere and cool art work, the restaurant is very symbolic of Vegas.  I took my customer here to eat and he and his wife enjoyed the meal very much.  We all started out with the grilled octopus which was fantastic; in fact I haven't had such good octopus in a long time.  For entree, I had the scallops which the chef won the James Beard award with but the dish he won it with probably was something else because I thought the sauce was too rich for me and the scallops.  The customer and his wife had the special rib eye for two which came with bone marrow, mushrooms, onion and foie gras emulsion!  That's right, foie gras emulsion.  I had a couple pieces of the meat and wow was it good.  The foie that touched the meat was a perfect blend, I probably hadn't had such good meat in a long time.  Service was good, explaining and keeping us with rolls.  The rolls were okay but they had a bacon roll.  Yes that is a roll with bits of bacon in it.  Anyway I was stuffed so I didn't get a chance to eat dessert.  I'm giving it four stars because the scallops didn't meet my expectations and the bread while innovative wasn't hot as I like it.  Would I come back?  Didn't you read that I wrote foie gras emulsion?
4	I had a very good experience at Sage.  Everything was delicious, the aesthetics were pleasant and the staff was very accommodating considering my party was a bunch of increasingly drunk idiots.  Here is what kept my experience from five stars:* Food was very good, not extraordinary.  To put this in perspective, most of what I had - Pear Salad, Wagyu Skirt Steak, Chocolate Peanut Butter Tart, etc. - was not "OMFG this is the best bite of anything I've ever had" like you will likely experience at a place like L'atalier.  Don't get me wrong, everything was good but there was nothing surprising, interesting or exciting about any of my dishes.* The staff would not let the table split between tasting menus and a la carte options.  All eight of us had to get the tasting menu or none of us could get it.  I don't know what was more disappointing, this requirement or the fact that most of my friends were not adventurous enough to get it.  Either way, no tasting menu for me!
4	Thanks to yelp, I found the right place for a relaxing evening of fine dining with relatives.The food was superb, and our group of three was happy with the two Signature Tasting and an entree.The new space is modern and spacious.  There were many large parties on a Sat night, but the crowd was not noticeable with the well-placed tables and booths.The only drawback is the service; it was good but needs work.  The waitress should have noted that my rabbit starter and the port entree were similar and suggested a change.  Also, we made a change to the order before she left, and the change was not accurate.Park at the hotel structure and take the tram for one quick stop to the restaurant.
4	Nooooo.... Last week this place had a 4.5* rating and that's why I chose it. But now it's 4*, just like every other restaurant. I tried to push for the $49 early menu but I was told to stop planning like a grandma and to "live on the edge."  So I translated that to mean, schedule a 9:30 dinner?  We got to Aria by 9 and had a few drinks at the various bars. Unfortunately, those drinks distorted my expensive dining experience a bit. We re-checked in at 9:30 for our reservation and they still weren't ready for us. We almost fainted from hunger in the restaurant's bar area.Luckily, when we were seated, we expressed our frustrations to our server and he made sure our food came our at lightning speeds.We went with the $79 signature menu. I chose:1) Wagyu Tartare2) Maine Dayboat Scallops3) 48 Hour Beef Belly4) Crunchy Chocolate and Peanut Butter TartHe chose:1) Foie Gras Brulee (OMG, only now as I'm writing this review have I realized that the foie was $10 extra. Not worth it, btw).2) Glazed Pork Belly3) Iberico Pork Loin4) Peach Praline ProfiterolesThe standouts were the Wagyu Tartare, Maine Dayboat Scallops and the Glazed Pork Belly.  Everything else was good but not mind blowing. Service was awesome and the free bread was super tasty.
5	Best meal we had in 4 nights in Vegas. Loved everything...the ambiance, the service and most of all the food. Creative, yummy,just excellent. Hubby had 4 course menu with wine pairings. I had shaved Brussels sprout and pear salad with bacon( fabulous) and then veal cheeks with polenta and mushrooms.meverything was wonderful and the whole experience was just right. Elegant, and special but also modern and chic...not at all stuffy. Would go again!
4	Worth it to try the Signature Tasting Menu for $79 (comes to $100 with tax and 18% tip without any wine/beer pairings or drinks)I would recommend wagyu tartare and the beef belly.- good for small or big parties- from the hostess to the waiters, service was very good and accommodating (we had to leave by a certain time and the waiter made sure we did)- all the dishes were delicious and portioned well- all menus are online but aren't always the most updated, either way you can get a gist of the food they serve- they really prefer if the entire table does the tasting menu but I believe will accommodate if not all of your party wants toFood: 8.5Decor: 8.5Service: 8.5*ratings out of 10
3	Second time here. Signature tasting menu with the wine pairing. I'll let the expert put together the way they think it should be.  It was excellent.  Service was excellent.  Ambience was nice.
4	Dishes were well made. Flavors were distinct and came out pretty fast. Got the tasting menu prixe fixe @ $79. Paid about $100 per person. Loved the tartare. Portions are good with the number of courses.Only thing that threw me off was the chocolate/peanut butter dessert. Didn't seem like anything special.
5	This was probably one of the best meals I've had, ever. That's saying alot because... I eat... alot. We did the special prix fixe that was about ~$130 that included 9 courses (the chef even sent us over complimentary oysters to start). One of the dishes that stood out the most was the Foie Gras Brulee with a toasted Brioche bun. [photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog?select=ubSUjOIu_riQpizPG9SYDg] I'm familiar with foie gras but I've never had it quite prepared like this. The other courses were just as good and included scallops in a chowder, rabbit loin wrapped in bacon along with a pate/meatloaf of the innards, 36hr braised beef.And normally I'm not huge on deserts because I'm not a fan overly sweet deserts and chocolates, but Sage had one of the best if not the best desert I've ever had. It was perfectly balanced between sweetness/acidity/tangy goodness. It was something like a White Chocolate Mousse with Passion fruit and Boysenberries and some other stuff. [photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog?select=niFRvZwF-TyZIipUKkOySQ] We ended up ordering coffee, and it came out in a french press which is always a win, but soon regretted that decision when we realized the chef wasn't done quite yet, he also sent out some rosemary hot chocolate and chocolate truffles. Perfect way to end an already spectacular dinner.Sage also has a pretty nice wine list and unique cocktails. We got two bottles from Amarone (which my friend suggested because she had it a couple times and loved it but couldn't find it much anywhere... but they were $250 a bottle! ha..... ouch.) I also ordered a jack snap from the cocktail menu, which was jack honey with ginger ale citrus and some other things, either way it was so good.Our server was 'fabulous' if you catch my drift, but he was pretty entertaining and constantly came over to check on us. He was a pretty funny guy, so I'm not complaining. I swear to god the bussers came over almost instantly and they even came over and folded the napkins back up when people left the table. SUPER ATTENTION to detail. Overall, a great experience and I would definitely recommend it if you're out in Vegas and don't mind spending a few extra bucks.
4	Wanted to try Sage after reading all the good reviews.  Its actually a much nicer looking restaurant than I thought it would be.  For some reason I thought it would be a little more rustic looking.  Anyways, the hottie and I had a great meal and would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone.  We got the signature tasting menu and of course, we each ordered different courses so we could have a taste of everything.First course the hottie got the foie gras brulee.  It was good but I would not call it spectacular.  I got the wagyu beef tartare.  I will admit I am not a conissouer of tartare so I wasn't sure what to expect.  After all, you would think that since its raw, there would not be much of a difference between wagyu beef or any other beef..... wrong!  It was awesome!  In my mind, the best course I had that night.  The wagyu beef was so flavorful, mixed in with the egg, and a nice crispy toast to go along with it.Second course, the hottie got the scallops and braised oxtail.  Good scallops but I really can't get excited about scallops anymore.  I got a rabbit wrapped in bacon.  Really creative so that the look and taste of the dish reminded me of canadian bacon.  Yum!Third course, the restaurant ran out of the beef belly so they replaced it with the braised short rib.  Meat falling off the bone!  I ordered and was really looking forward to the Iberico pork loin.  I had heard so much about Iberico pork I think I was expecting too much.  The pork was good but nothing special.  I think my expectations were just too high for Iberico.For dessert, the hottie got an apple streudel and I got the chocolate and peanut butter tart.  My chocolate and peanut butter tart tasted like reeses peanut butter cup but richer and more refined.  Overall, high marks for this restaurant and highly recommended to all.
5	Their food is amazing.  I want to savor every taste on my taste buds.  I loved the foie gras creme brulee and the wagyu beef tartare.  I could have ordered more and eaten these as the meal.  Their duck dish was by far the best.  The flavor was just perfect.  Braised veal shanks probably gave the most food and oh soo good.  The scallops were good, but I didn't think they were as amazing as the first two dishes described.  My husband said the braised short rib wasn't his favorite.
4	Every dish we ordered were very good, especially the wagyu beef tartare.  The service was good, too.  I also like the restaurant setting.  Highly recommended!
4	Sage really delivers. A nice ambience and setting with a friendly staff and amazing food.  I had a prix fixe menu, the pork loin and beef tartare really stood out as exceptional. The matching wine flights paired perfectly and were nice pours.  I definitely recommend Sage for a nice dinner.
2	Food was amazing and portioned perfect for my night out in Vegas.  Not too much but rich.  But we had reservations and no one was inside and it still took 25 min to seat us.  Then the food took so long that we could not get to our desserts we ordered.  Did they charge us for it?   Yes they did.  Please looks great and everyone here is nice and knowledgeable but only go here is you only plan to eat here for the evening.  it takes that long for the food to come out.  Plan on having at least 3+ hours for your meal.  Why a 2?  bc we told them up front we had to be somewhere.  we told the waiter that we had to be somewhere and he assurred us that everything would come out on time.  That being said and for them not to be able to get us our desserts and still charge us for it  - don't sound right.
4	One of the best meals of our short stay. The decor isn't as inviting all the way in the back as I would have liked. We had a group of 8. The chairs look like conference room chairs, not like a nice dining room chair. The food was good. I live in Dallas where there are more restaurants per capita than NYC so I wouldn't say if Sage was in Dallas that it would be my favorite restaurant to visit but it was definitely above average.Bond was a great server!! Ask for him if you go here and he will make your visit even more enjoyable...oh, and order the Absinthe cart after dinner! Even if you don't like Absinthe...it's an experience.
5	One of the best new York strips I have had. Hosted a dinner for 10 at Sage and all were very satisfied.
5	For months, I've heard amazing things about Sage and was planning the dinner I would have in my head.  But when I got there, I made a last minute change.  Instead of the tasting menu, I went with the Oysters with Tobasco sorbet to start and Kobe Skirt Steak for my entree. Plus, I knew I could count on my dining companion to go with the Signature Tasting Menu.  This was an experience! Our waiter informed us that it required 2 1/2 hours and he wasn't kidding.  If you have the time, this is the way to do Sage right.  Also did the beer pairing for $39 and every course was complemented by a unique beer.  Naturally, I tried everything!  The standout courses were the rabbit (I'm sorry Bugs Bunny.  I had no idea you taste so good!!) and the 48 hour beef belly.  Have tried pork belly several times and this was such a cool dish.  Definitely less fatty than pork, but melted in your mouth.  Truly incredible.As for my food - - those oysters were phenomenal.  I was worried the tobasco sorbet would overwhelm the oyster but my worries were for naught.  I may go back soon just to have a few martinis and these oysters that's how much I loved these!  The Kobe skirt steak was also fantastic.  Cooked perfectly and nicely paired with grilled brussel sprouts, a little spinach and these things that looked like tater tots until you cut into them and discovered what Sage calls potato puree (call a spade a spade - it's mashed potatoes people).One of my favorite parts was the country bacon bread roll with Sage's homemade butter and sea salt.  I had two of these suckers and I almost always skip bread.  Unfortunately, I ate them so fast I didn't take a photo.Service was flawless and the dining room is so sexy.  Can't say enough great things about this place.  Wonderful!  Also cool - the after-dinner drinks include several types of Absinthe.  I would never drink that crap but enjoyed watching a few couples around me order it!
5	From start to finish, Sage was fantastic.  We decided to give this place a shot based on reviews we had read from other Yelpers...excellent work people!As soon as we arrived for our 7:00 reservations, the staff was attentive and relaxed.  They made a point to chat with us during the very short wait for our table.  It was welcoming and rather nice.  As soon as we were seated, our server, Eric, was on the ball and making an impression--a great one.  Not only was he absolutely astute about the menu, he made fantastic suggestions.  We started with the sweetbreads--they were the most richly delicious I have ever had.  We followed that up with day boat scallops and the sock knocker-offer of the night...the American Kobe NY Strip steak.  Now, for the most part we are rib eye and filet people, but this was probably the best steak we have had in a long time--We are Morton's and Harris' people, so that is saying a lot.  This NY strip was beautifully marbled on the inside and frankly, ate like a filet.  Sensational!Sage is the place to dine in the Aria.  Go, you will love it.
1	I was considering rating Sage as two stars, but the scroll-over says "Meh, I've experienced better." That doesn't cut it. The proper description is "Eek! Methinks not."Where to start.. I came here with my girlfriend during our visit to Vegas (we live in Los Angeles). Although we're not poor, it's a meal we saved money for and were planning for -- lots of research on Yelp, mainly. And for the first time in a long, long time, Yelp let us down.How do I describe this place... It's very pretty, but very little substance. This applies, actually, to most all aspects of our dining experience. The decor is nice. It looks like a nice hotel, a bit like the Mandarin in New York. However, like a nice hotel, it has not warmth. You don't really walk in and feel comfortable. Don't get me wrong, it looks really nice, but a bit TOO styled. Doesn't seem to have feng shui. Maybe it's not fair to judge too harshly on that, but it does add to the experience.The service was perfectly on point. That's not a good thing, in my opinion. We tried making jokes and chatting to our server, but he didn't really seem to know what to do. Everyone was just... cold. Even the general manager who came by seemed like he really didn't care in the slightest bit about us. These are not people you want in "hospitality".Okay, let's move to the food. I don't understand how or why they did this, but they managed to ruin basically everything that looked exciting on the menu. The oysters were flat. I like mine strong. You know, salty, briny. These tasted sickly sweet. The spicy sauce on them only accented the lack of oystery goodness. The foie gras, once again, was sickly sweet. Some sort of plum marmalade or something underneath it was totally unnecessary, and simultaneously took away from the flavor of the foie without accenting it or enhancing its flavor. The wine pairings for both of these were awful. They were too similar to the food, and ended up neither complimenting nor contrasting with it.We had the scallops as well. They were good. The only thing besides the dessert that was. Well cooked, juicy and firm, and went well with the  wine. There was a pork belly that was quite bland and forgettable. A pork loin, Spanish iberico style, that just tasted like ham. This is about where I start to get hazy about the food. Needless to say, one dish blended into the next.The portions -- tiny. Comedic. The tastes on the palate and pairings with wine -- forgettable, uninspired, and utterly unbalanced. The presentation -- pretty, but very little substance.In a nutshell. If you don't care about your 300 something dollars, and thinking of something to splurge on because it's Vegas, this is the place to be. If you're looking for a 300 something dollar meal, go somewhere else.
5	So I finally got to eat at Sage after several failed attempts the past few times I've been in town.I have to say it was worth all the hype and did not disappoint.We both got Chef McClain's Signature Tasting Menu.Started off with the amuse bouche was a single oyster with Tabasco foam on top.I started off my 1st course with the Shaved Brussels Sprout salad with pears, macadamia nuts and crisp bacon mixed in.  I enjoyed this dish because I love brussels sprouts in any form.Oh as an extra we got the Foie Gras Custard Brulee with a hint of blood orange taste -I thought this was an excellent pairing of something you wouldn't normally put together.  It came with warm salted brioche as well.*2nd course-Maine Day Boat Scallops with braised oxtail and shitake mushrooms. This course was my favorite of the whole meal-scallop was cooked perfectly and the oxtail and mushroom complimented it so well.Then the 3rd course was the 48 Hour Beer Belly-the meat was very tender and delicious.For the 4th course dessert I chose the chocolate tart that had crunchy bits of nuts on top which gave it an overall taste like nutella to me :)And to top the meal off we did the whole presentation at our table of a BLAZING (now legalized) Absinthe liquor where you first have to inhale the fumes through a straw before drinking it.  Very impressive and cool and to be warned very potent. Service was wonderful, interior was beautiful, everything was pretty much perfection.
2	Mediocre food and horrible service. We made reservations for 4 people but couldn't get them until 9:45pm - we arrived early and the restaurant was practically empty. Ordered the chef's tasting menu and the dessert was the highlight of the courses. The entrees were over-salted and uninspired. Our waiter transitioned service just after we were served our 3rd course (I've never experienced this at a "fine dining" restaurant with coursed dishes - typically the waiter finishes your service before leaving). We waited over half an hour to have our empty dishes removed from our table and then another 15 for our dessert to arrive. No apologies or explanation from the wait staff for the delay. Meanwhile, the tables of 60+ year-olds around us were being waited on hand and foot and never had empty wine glasses.Very disappointed in this dining experience. I was excited for a decent meal and expected much more. I'm willing to spend a lot for good meals, but the food and service here just don't justify the price.
5	We've been having trouble going to places that are fine dining lately.  We had a couple of bad experiences where the service and food just did not match our expectations.  This was not the case here.  We ordered a la carte, a lot of food and were completely happy.Sweetbreads - always my favorite, and these were cooked perfectly.Octopus - Big pieces of braised octopus that were charred, lovely.Charcuterie plate - pickled cauliflower?  Yes please!  beautiful meat selection.Beef Tartare - The texture of this egg was so perfect and I loved the saltiness of the capers mixed in, served with grilled bread, the chocolate shouldn't scare you off, you can't taste it really, it just adds a nice crunch to the plate.Beef Belly - not sure how they cook this one, but the texture was just phenomenal.  Still super moist but falling apart.  I rarely eat beef entrees but this one was great.We finished off with oysters which were served with a tobasco sorbet.  I don't love big briny oysters, but these were small and sweet and were just wonderful.We had an Intermezzo of white chocolate filled with a meyer lemon soup and some celery.  Honestly.  I don't think words can describe what an amazing 2 bites that was.Desserts were phenomenal as well, My favorite was probably the chocolate with hazelnut.  But The apple strussel with truffle (that's right the mushroom not the chocolate) ice cream was phenomenal as well.  The service was also great, very friendly and warm.  We sat at the bar and had a lovely time.  I highly recommend.
4	I had a lovely experience at SAGE a few days ago with a party of 5. Casual chic with a nice atmosphere. You can converse which is lovely--as some Vegas restaurants are loud and obnoxious. The portions are generous for the price, and the ingredients were incredibly fresh. I opted to do the 4 course tasting menu, which was plentyyyy of food and only $80 (you can wine pair for an additional $40). I had the wagyu beef tartar (perfect consistency and temp but a tad bit bland to be honest), maine scallops w/ braised oxtail and broccolini (yummmX1000), 48 hour beef belly (I'm not a hugeeeee beef belly fan but whatever, it was tasty), and some chocolate amazing desert with mocha icecream. My friends had the fluke, skirtsteak & the octopus as an app which could have easily been a smaller main! The service was attentive without being annoying, and they were knowledgeable about the food/wine/spirits.PS--I don't recommend the ginger cocktail though (forget the name, but was served in a quaint copper cup) and they gave us a complimentary after-dinner "chocolate soup" shot which was horrible and tasted heavily like chai (Chef McClain, if you're reading this please stop! lol) Cheers!
4	I went here a few months ago and I would always recommend it if anyone wants to go to a decent and upscale restaurant.  We had reservations and we got seated after about 5 minutes of waiting for our table.  First of all, the service was AMAZING and I was pretty much blown away how great they were and constantly checking up on us.  Upon seating, they serve you with some bread which was pretty good but nothing great that was worth remembering. Here is what we ordered:Appetizers: WAGYU BEEF TARTARE: I personally didnt like it too much but it was good. NEW ZEALAND VENISON CARPACCIO: Absolutely loved it!Entree:MINES - GRILLED AMERICAN KOBE SKIRT STEAK: I thought the steak was a little bit too overcooked, but the marinate of the steak was sensational and the avocado puree that was underneath the steak gave it more flavor. HIS: MAINE DAY BOAT SCALLOPS:  I just took a bite of this and it was okay for my taste buds but he enjoyed it,We did order desserts but I forgot what we ordered, but i dont remember loving it too much.  However, after your meal is done they give you a "complimentary dessert" from the chef and we got was a chocolate shot and that single shot of chocolate was just perfect. Overall, I loved the restaurant and the service, our bill came out to be I think at least  around $180 but with tip it was over $200.
5	What I loved most about this restaurant besides their insanely delicious menu is their service. The entire staff went out of their way to make sure we had a great dinner. Everything was brought to us before we had a chance to ask for it. It was like they read our minds. It was such a classy establishment that a staff member walked me to the restroom to open the door every time I went. and it was 3 times....had a lot to drink =)  Ambiance- Just like everything else in the Aria hotel, it's very modern an chic. Food- It was innovative and had combination of flavors I had never even thought of. For starters, we had refreshing market oysters that came with a tabasco sorbet. I HIGHLY recommend ordering the SLOW-POACHED ORGANIC FARM EGG. A one of a kind dish,  it came with truffles, smoked potato and toasted country bread. I was also very satisfied with my entree. I ordered the fluke, which was cooked to perfection. It was served with sweet pear and sauteed spinach. The pear and fluke worked wonders on my taste buds =) Just as I thought my dinner couldn't get any better, my bf ordered dessert: Panna Cotta adorned with candied kumquats and fresh grapefruit. TO DIE FOR!! I can't complain about anything here! Although it is on the pricey side, it's well worth your Benjamins baby!
5	Quality New American Fine Dining Experience with Exceptional Service.Prior to arriving in Vegas, my friends decided we wanted to do one fancy, fine dining dinner where we could get all dressed up and act all "BOUGIE".  We called in reservations earlier in the week and booked a 7:30 dinner time no problem on a Saturday.After we all gathered, albeit a little after 7:30 cause part of our party caught a hot streak at the tables, the staff was gracious enough to honor and hold our reservation.We were seated in the back of the restaurant which was nice since it seemed more quiet yet we were not neglected as each section had a maitre'd like supervisor making sure quality service was being delivered at all times.After looking over the menu, my friend who made the reservation asked about the Chef's Tasting menu and our waiter grabbed the menus for us.  When we made a decision on which fine dining establishment to fancy, we saw this delicious 4 course tasting menu for $79 dollars with an optional $39 wine/beer pairing. The majority of us ordered the tasting menu and heres a snap shot of the magic I ate that night:Amuse Bouche: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog?select=w8yQYzsqPnjnJ1smGrBdFA1st Course, wagyu beef tartare: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog?select=aQnsr5D6YiP5tpybvejQtg2nd Course, Bacon wrapped rabbit served over mushroom ravioli: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog?select=5ftT8bYa-7Hh1lmxoN_1Aw3rd Course, braised veal short rib: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog?select=lADKbr5KVAwOTsEBSrA6fg4th Course, Apple Caramel Nomage: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog?select=FvMCbNDYt5Vm69UndKXkBASome of the finest tasting food I've come across so far.  Our waiter was phenomenal, very professional yet kept us laughing all night long.  The wait staff that served our food knew exactly who ordered what and gave very detailed explanations of the food and how it was prepared.  My friends who had the wine pairing absolutely loved it and my friend who didn't order the tasting menu said her meal was superb as well..Overall a truly fantastic dining experience.  I would highly recommend this place if you are looking for a fine dining establishment with out paying the outrageous prices that some establishments have.
5	I was actually kinda dreading getting to 299 reviews because that meant I would have to man up and write this review... one I've been holding for four months. Well, the time has come and I can't hold it off any longer. It's time to put Sage in the books and celebrate another hundred.If you haven't figured it out yet, Sage was one for the ages. Or is it one for the Sages? Ha!It's interesting what you remember four months after eating at a restaurant. The little things are gone and what remains are the things you probably won't ever forget. At Sage, it was the impeccable service. It was my awesome veal cheek entree. It was the oh so tacky (and historically inaccurate) way of lighting the sugar cube for our Absinthe. And most notably, it was the ab-so-loot-ly ah-may-zing foie gras brulee appetizer. I haven't taken the time to rank them, but that delicious, delicious blend of gamey creaminess is in the top three starters of all time. It was just that good. Honestly, every bit of that meal made it a fantastic way for my wife and I to celebrate our eighth anniversary.That's it. That's all I waited four months to say. Now go eat.
4	The service was spectacular, the orders came out promptly, the environment was lovely (what a relief it was to be on the strip but not have music blaring), the cocktails were top notch, and the menu was creative.  Sage lacked "5 star" complete excellence due to some dishes lacking a bit of flavor.   Some were amazing, some were good but not great.  My two "must try" dishes were the scallops (oh, drool, I can only dream of replicating that at home), and the heirloom carrot and roasted garlic ravioli (with a generous serving of shaved truffles and chantrelles).  Oh my, that ravioli was decadent and so worth the price!The oysters, beet salad, and tuna sashimi all could have used a little more oomph.  The flavors on the menu looked amazing, but they were all a bit muted.  Especially with small servings fancy-restaurant style, I want every bite to smack me upside the head.  Those at our table also thought the beef tartare and beef belly were just okay.  While they were cooked to perfection, the accompanying flavors should have been a little more intense.Deserts were nice, rich, and complex, with our favorite parts being the salted caramel ice cream that came with the pine nut torte with fresh berries.  I am enamored with the candied pine nuts, need to try that at home, and had to restrain myself from licking the plate clean.  Overall, the experience was very nice, and worth doing once every couple of years.  But, for a meal that approaches $100/person, I want everything to be AMAZING with no dishes that are just "pretty good".
5	During the Restaurant Week 2012(Feb 27-Mar 4), my friend took me to this beautiful place.  We decided to have a dinner together since it was my birthday week.If someone asks what will be the best dining experience ever and why it's so special...?  I can say without hesitation that it is not the best seat in a fancy 5 star restaurant, it's the joy of company having a nice conversation and a meal.  I will not trade that for the world :) I sometimes hear people describing the art work, a music concert, opera, or even poetry reading along similar lines are beautiful but I wish more people would realize that sharing food can be the same way as well.Actually, it wasn't my first time trying out food at Sage.  In Aug 30th 2010, there was a fundraiser for Three Square("Wet your Appetite @Wet Republic - MGM Grand).  I had a chance to sample the foods, cocktails, & desserts from each restaurant's food station including Craft Steak, Jean Georges Steakhouse, Circo, Sensi, Joel Robuchon, Fleur de Lys, Burger Bar, & Sage.  All the dishes were excellent but the Ginger flavor cocktail from Sage was outstanding that I still remember the taste of it! I started my dinner at Sage ordering a glass of cocktail called, " Dark & Stormy" It was basically a rum with a fresh lime & a ginger beer :). It was very refreshing and tasty. *1st course: "Spring Green Garlic Soup" - very mild flavor of Spring garlic, light texture of Greek yogurt,  & crispy duct confit.  It was a very unique dish that I never had it before. "Seared Bison Tenderloin Carpaccio - Amazing!  At first, It looked as a raw tuna by the color but the taste was very solid.  The roasted pistachio & beets were sprinkled over the bison carpaccio & it blended well with the dish I thought. *2nd course: "Roasted Jumbo Fluke" - This dish was well presented with spinach, brown butter apples, & crispy leeks.  It was so tender and juicy inside and the crispy golden brown texture outside. I learned one thing from this dish that the sweetness of the apple can go well with the fish."American Wagyu Flat Iron Steak" - Oh, it was melting in my mouth!  We ordered a medium cooked for our steak and it was perfect.  It was fairly pinkish red in the center, beautifully juicy, with crisped and crunchy edges, and so much flavor! It wasn't necessary to cut the steak with a knife because it was so tender.  I was enjoying the dish along with the salsa verde and the potato puree. *3rd course: "Gianduja Pave" - it was a small dessert/ice cream with a flavor of caramel, hazelnut, & tangerine.  The taste was so rich that the small portion was more than enough to spoil my appetite for a dessert!*a complimentary drink for surprise: At the end of our dinner, the server brought a tiny porcelain cup of warm chocolate milk infused with fresh rosemary :) The aroma of rosemary was pleasant and I learned that it is a valuable in digesting foods that can be used in many dishes. I thought the pine-like fragrance & pungent flavor of rosemary went well with warm chocolate milk.  I would like to say our server, Johnathan, he was the picture of perfection in service.  He was taking time to explain all the dishes we had and waited on us at exactly the right moment each time checking on us.  And he remembered to put a little candle on my dessert and that was very nice :PI extremely loved the interior decor such as high columns, huge mirror walls, elegant lamps on random tables, and chocolate brown colored theme all the way through out entire restaurant. I really think the chef & food make a great restaurant, but also the staff & environment ambiance also contribute. I am definitely coming back for the chef McClain's Tasting Menu to try more dishes and can't wait to taste their famous "Foie Gras Brulee" :PPS $50.12 - per person for Restaurant Week Menu       $14 - classic cocktail price
5	4.5 starsI can't remember the last time I ate at a restaurant with so much refinement and technique in the preparation of our food.Everything was so well balanced, a little touch of acidity, a tiny bit of sweetness, something with a bit of crunch for texture. You could just tell there was a lot of thought put into the inception of each dish.The bison tenderloin carpaccio was exceptional. The candy bar dessert with coffee icecream was phenomenal.I will definitely be eating here again!
5	Wild and tasty! Best Sweet Bread. Got to get the bacon wrapped rabbit.
5	Wow-Where do I start!? From beginning to end this was a 3 1/2 hour odyssey which has to place in the top 5 dinners of my life. This is the third time my wife and I have dinned at Sage. They were all very good but this was the best of three. Yes-They have improved on each visit. It begins at the Sage bar with Erin serving us. He is truly a "mixologist" not a bartender. You don't have to order a specific drink. Just tell him what flavors you like and he will create something for you. I was there with my wife and 2 other couples and he did that for each of us. It was such a fun experience, we had 2 drinks there and were almost late for our reservation.The atmosphere, in the main dinning room,  was laid back yet modern and has a comfortable feel to it.  Our server was Lauren and she was all about service. She made you feel comfortable and has so much knowledge. It turns out she has been with Sage since it opened.  The six of us all enjoyed our starters and mains. I can vouch for the Wagyu Beef Tartare (with a slow poached egg), Kobe Skirt Steak and the Black Bass. All of those dishes were wonderful. You could taste the quality in the ingredients and preparation. The wine list is extensive with a wide variety of types and price points. The Sommelier never did approach us (that surprised me) but Lauren was wonderful in her suggestions. We did not get dessert but a few of us did end with their now famous Absinthe. If you do like cocktails, I would highly suggest trying this. We wound up having 2 and enjoying every bit of it. I would suggest doing it "Russian style" which is more of a fun presentation. The table next to us enjoyed the show so much, they ordered it.One tip-You may not want to hit the casino after enjoying an Absinthe or 2 which was after the wonderful selections of wine during dinner which was after enjoying 2 drinks by the Sage "mixologist" Erin at the Sage bar. I have been to many 4-5 star restaurants in Vegas and New York and this is right with all of them. Go and enjoy a great night!
5	I don't usually like trying new restaurants while in Las Vegas. I stick to Lotus of SIam and L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon and THAT'S IT. Why change what isn't broken? BUT I had to try Chef Shawn McClain's restaurant, SAGE. There has been loads of talk on the blogs about how amazing his restaurant is and I had to try it for myself.Luckily for us, we visited Las Vegas during restaurant week and what do you know? Sage was participating. Made reservations and was blown away.Upon walking into Sage, the restaurant is absolutely gorgeous. Everything was in either black or lilac. Perfect restaurant to be located inside of Aria. All of the furniture and decor was modern but very classy and most of all, comfortable. Who wants to go to a fancy dinner and feel uncomfortable and uptight?I ordered the restaurant week tasting menu ($50) Pretty decently priced for 3 courses if you asked me. You would think that the courses would be less than "palm" sized. haha No. They were very fulfilling, so fulfilling I couldn't even go out to the clubs later that night. I was stuffed! 1) My first course I selected the Seared Bison Tenderloin Carpaccio. Whoa. The blood oranges on the side was an excellent addition to the course. 2) Second course: American Wagyu Flatiron Steak. In kindergarten we were all taught that to share. I never wanted to share this delicious course. I had no choice! Portion was HUGE! Carmalized sunchokes! Out of control. 3) Lastly, Gianduja Pave. A what? I can't even spell it right let alone pronounce it. A dessert so memorable why even brush your teeth the next day? Let it own you.My date ordered Chef McClain's Signature Tasting Menu ($79) 4 courses of heaven. 1) Wagyu Beef Tartare. Very rich and so beautiful to look at you want to just store it in a container and have it mounted on your wall. 2) Bacon Wrapped Rabbit. A rabbit is an acquired taste some may say, add bacon. No qualms about this one. 3) 48 Hour Beef Belly. Let me see, beef belly + 48 hours? GAME OVER. 4) Riesling Pear. Almond. Thyme. Streussel. Might be the best prepared pear I have ever experienced. I mean my date. LOL.Service was excellent, waiter was not pushy nor a foodie elitist. Came from Yountville so he knew what's up. Everything came out perfectly and each item introduced. Table was never dirty and water always poured without us asking. Prices were comparable if not better than the other high end restaurants in Las Vegas. And lastly, the food is definitely worth revisiting again and again. Do enjoy!I took photos of everything mentioned above up on the Sage Yelp page or check on my homepage under photos.
5	This was my first time at Sage, but will definitely return!  Service was very friendly and attentive.  I was seated in a lovely semi-private alcove, so I was able to take photos (non-flash) without disturbing anyone.  Had the 6 course tasting menu, and was able to substitute a yummy cavatelli with ricotta, duck confit, swiss chard and pickled turnips for the rabbit dish listed on the menu.  Loved their bacon roll!  Started with a lovely hamachi with blood orange, radish and caviar--very light and refreshing.  I finally had Sage's most amazing signature dish:  the foie gras brulee with brioche.  This was the single best dish of the entire trip!  This was followed by a lovely scallop dish in a cream based clam chowder.  The scallop was wrapped with a slice of ham.  The final savory was the beautiful beef belly that was the softest beef ever.  The beef was accompanied by Brussels sprouts leaves.  Dessert was perfect for me:  passion fruit mousse with huckleberries, white chocolate/almond sponge cake.
5	This was truly one of the most amazing dining experiences I've ever had!  It is quite expensive, and I have a bit of liberal/catholic guilt about the price tag, but I would highly recommend giving Sage a try.  We did the Chefs tasting menu with wine pairing and every course, both food and wine, were just fantastic.Our favorite of all the courses was the pan roasted sea scallop (jamon iberico chowder, crispy potato, sweet fennel).  This may be the single best thing I have ever eaten.  The scallop is seared but has a sashimi consistency and the chowder they pour around has a creamy smokiness to it that is just indescribable.  I seriously am having dreams about eating this again.  (Unfortunately this is not on the ala carte menu or I would go back to Aria and order this as oftern as possible - it really was that good!)Our second favortie was the hamachi sashimi (preserved lemon, paddlefish roe, blood orange, smoked almond) to start the meal.  All of the flavors just expolded in the mouth and made for a terrific start to the meal.Third favorite was 48 hour beef belly (roasted chestnut puree, brussel sprouts, pickled sweet onion).  It is like I had never before tasted beef - and the brussel sprouts along the side were fantastic.  I did find the fois gras brulee to be a bit rich/sweet, but wow I have never in my life tasted anyhing like it.The service was impeccable but not overly stuffy.  And the atmosphere is stunning.If you are in Vegas and are looking for an out of this world food experience (and don't mind spending some serious money) go here!
3	Sage was a nice, but clearly overpriced dining experience.  I went with a group of four in mid-March; we all had the four-course "signature tasting menu."  Pros: - Some of the food was truly outstanding.  The scallops were among the best we had ever tasted, and the pork loin was excellent as well.  - The service was prompt and friendly, if perhaps a little overbearing.  I would rate the staff above average, even for Sage's price class.- Our table was ready right on time.  The experience of booking the reservation and getting in & out for dinner was hassle-free.  This isn't always so with higher-end restaurants in Las Vegas.Cons:- With tip and a few drinks per person, the bill for four people came out to over $600.  All four of us eat at nice restaurants on occasion, and I think we all felt like $600 would have gone a *lot* further as far as memorable, quality cuisine in other major cities.  - The desserts were underwhelming, as were the wine pairings.
5	Just like the time we went in September, we were both very worried for me when looking at the menu and seeing the vegetarian limitations.  Just like September, though, the food was wonderful and the ambiance perfect.  The wine was great, I had a wonderful warm asparagras salad with walnuts and poached egg, and English pea ravioli (modified without the bacon.)  DH had a four course tasting menu that he thoroughly enjoyed.  Then we both splurged with dessert...  amazing, rich, but small (which was a good thing.)
5	Fantastic food, wine, and service. Great prices for a strip locale (which means its priced normally for a big city fancy restaurant)
5	There are a lot of very good places to eat in Las Vegas but there aren't that many excellent places.  Sage is one of the very few perfect Vegas restaurants.  The food is just sensational--fresh, inventive and delicious.  The service was great too.
4	Way cool decor and atmosphere. I liked the layout and the ambience of the place.The food was very good. Everything we had was really tasty.The service was nice but our waiter and others barely spoke above a whisper. They brought things out quickly until the entree and then they went into slow down mode. Don't know why but it just seemed like our guy started taking a stronger interest in other tables.For the food and atmosphere I would highly recommend this place.Smiley face
5	The second I walked into this place I knew I was for a rare treat.We sat at the bar and the bartender was fabulous; I had no idea what to drink so he whipped up a special concoction for me with a beautiful presentation. If your reading this, thanks again babe! Now the food, ahhh! My girlfriend ordered everything for us to share, only apps, cant be looking to bloated in our dresses! She ordered the oxtail, carpaccio, foie gras creme brulee  and roasted peppers. Each of them very elegant and tasty! Oh and the dessert is to die for! I forgot what it was called but it was recommended by the bartender, it was pistachio something with ice cream topped with rhubarb and meringue! So delish!!! I hope this review helps my fellow yelpers! Muaaah Try try or die die!
5	Sage was the first restaurant I've been to in vegas where the kitchen actually seemed to care about the food they are putting out.Most of the high-end dining in vegas is a poor facsimile of their original NYC, Paris, or SF locations (I've been highly disappointed by Nobu, Scarpetta, Bar Masa, Michael Mina's joints, etc) but Sage is a vegas creation all its own and it shows.The food was great - as others have mentioned...foie gras creme brulee. I am pretty jaded when it comes to foie gras concoctions but this was just amazing.I didn't LOVE the atmosphere as it was classic showy "vegas" but if you want a meal that is actually GOOD and not just expensive for expensive's sake... Sage is your place.
5	Only one word can properly describe Sage: Sexy.Everything from the drinks, to the apps, to the dessert has a aura of sexiness about it.I took a girlfriend on mine here recently prior to a night of gambling at Aria.  Since id been talking about Sage for weeks, I took the liberty of ordering all dishes for us that night...and wow, did we do good.The Bison carpaccio was phenomenal!  One plate wasn't enough, but we had five plates to try and neither disappointed.  My favorite app of all has to be the foie gras creme brule.  Its no what you expect, it's better.From apps we went straight to dessert.  Another yummy adventure and fusion of different flavors I wouldn't think of putting together.  Pistachio tres leches with rhubarb was tasty.   The pieces of rhubard kept us guessing for a while.  I thought they were chopper tomatos.  Lol.As much as the food is amazing, the drinks are just as amazing. I recommend the Moscow Mule for all vodka drinkers out there.The best I can say: we had a wonderful night of fabulous food, drink, and wonderful company.  It was the perfect way to start a night at Aria.
3	Came here for a friend's birthday, 4 of total, 3 of us got the prefixed $50 meal and one got the prefixed $80 meal. I had the garlic soup as a starter, wasn't that great at all, definitely fell below my expectations, 3/10 I would say. My main entree was the duck, which was pretty good! a solid 7.5/10! a bit dry but the flavor on the skin was very good, a very good mix with the beans (or whatever it was) on the sideFinally the desert, I had the passion fruit mouse a solid 9.5/10! very good! a perfect combination of tart and sweetness! very very good! I highly recommend it. Overall the place was good, and the $50 menu was priced pretty fairly in my opinion. The soup definitely could be improved, but the bread in the beginning was good enough to make me pretty happy about this place.
5	Simply wonderful.In anticipation for our trip to Vegas, my boyfriend and I made a reservation at this spot for our first night in town based on all the great buzz. In the time leading up to the trip, I would occasionally look at the menu, drool, and hope that everything lived it to my inflated expectations.It did.We strolled in to the sleek, sexy, restaurant just before our reservation time and were seated immediately. While tempted by the specials of the evening, we decided to go with those items on the menu we'd been dreaming about: the sweetbreads appetizer, the veal cheeks, and the lamb saddle.We sipped a bit of albarino while waiting for our entrees. Our waiter came by with a taste from the chef. I probably should have asked him to repeat what it was, something containing duck, but it was a very nice way to start the meal. Someone else came by with a choice of bread: mini-baguette or a roll containing bacon. They had me at bacon, but he let us try both, and they were fresh and wonderful.Then came the glorious, glorious sweetbreads. Can I just say that I love organ meats so, so much? You don't see sweetbreads on enough menus, and these were simply amazing. Perfectly meaty, with a delightfully creamy sauce and even a bit of pork belly. I was appetized.After that, the entrees. The veal cheeks were tender and delicious, and well accented by the sauce and pieces of sweet potato. The lamb was perfectly cooked and the cauliflower and sugar snap peas were a nice compliment. Magnificent.I didn't want the meal to end, so we ordered dessert: a pistachio tres leches cake. Need I say more? It was as good as it sounded.Yeah, it's spendy, but worth every penny. I would love to come back sometime.
2	We were late 15 minutes late and they gave away our seats. They put us in the bar area so we didn't have the best dining experience.The food was mediocre. I've had better.The service was nothing to rave about.
3	What I do like about Sage is that you can come here and get a gourmet quality meal without spending your week's worth of salary. Our bachelorette party of 12 came here two weeks ago and I'm pretty sure we all walked away satisfied with our meal. For a party our size, the server said if one of us got the pre fixe menu, then all of us had to get the pre fixe menu. That was a bummer since some of us weren't as hungry as others. However, dollar for dollar, the pre fixe menu was a better deal even though portions are a bit smaller for each course. They have two pre fixe menus with optional wine pairings. Pre fixe menu 1 had 4-courses and pre fixe mnue 2 had 6-courses. I forget the price difference, but we all ordered pre fixe 1 for $70~. That's a very reasonable price for Vegas and this type of bougie establishment. Although the food was great, there was nothing extra special about this place. I am a bit disappointed that they did not make the bride-to-be feel extra special. In the past bachelorette Vegas parties I've been to, I've seen restaurants send a complimentary drink/shot to the bride-to-be. It's a nice touch that I think all nicer restaurants should do to make an evening more memorable so that people leave with a lasting impression.
4	We started off the night in a rough spot, making a reservation for our party of 6 for the wrong night. Not just one night but actually 3 weeks off. Not sure how it happened but the host and GM made the best of a bad situation. They found a table and we were seated in 15 minutes (hey Mesa take a page from the playbook  of prompt seating) . Service was prompt and well rehearsed . We never went without drink nor were we pushed to clear out. We all ordered a la carte but considered the two tasting menus available. I split mine with a colleague as neither of us could choose between the scallops or pork tenderloin. Both ended up being fantastic. The scallops perfectly seared  on the outside without the dry/rubbery center. The pork tenderloin served with spaetzle (my favorite) and crispy pork shoulder was just as successful a dish. in fact I think I actually liked the crispy pork shoulder better but I do not think it could be a main.
4	Came here last Saturday with 3 other friends for dinner at 6:30 for their pre-theater menu. My date and I came early, so we were waiting at the bar/lounge area. Their bar is so beautiful! I might have uploaded a picture of their bar, if not, someone please remind me!Anyway, so I was waiting at the lounge, and I ordered a Desert Shrub. It's one of their cocktails with prosecco, grapefruit, tequila, and purple sage. I didn't know what purple sage was so I looked it up. It's supposed to be a plant that gives you hallucination. I guess it's a good substitute from absinthe if I hated the taste of black licorice. I can't tell you how purple sage taste like, because the drink was very light (IMHO), I can taste the pink grapefruit and the prosecco. I ordered and my friends came, so we went directly to our table without waiting for my drink. They served my drink at my table shortly after. It's wonderful to know that they know what their customers ordered and their current whereabouts.Three of us from our group ordered the pre-theater menu. I chose the spring green garlic soup, pan roasted fluke, and ended the meal with a passion fruit mousse with huckleberries. My date chose the $79 four-course menu just so I can get some of his oysters and rabbit. My soup was served with a near empty bowl with some sort of cream/cheese in the center. The server pours the green soup so that the cream doesn't melt right away, texture is maintained. Very interesting taste. The mustard-like taste from the horseradish was hindering in every sip. The wheatberries within made the soup fun to eat.I tried some of the oysters, I can't really taste too much of the flavors other than the taste of a raw oyster. It's sad that my tongue is not sensitive to alcohol flavors. I did get a bite of that rabbit dish from the dinner menu. Very tender like a well slow-cooked chicken, but with a gamier taste. I was a bit disappointed at my fluke. I have this theory of ugly fish taste great. I guess it's definitely affected by the cooking method. Pan frying a fish to the point where the meat is a bit dried is not the right method. Especially after a great seafood lunch at Milos, I have an even higher expectation of my seafood dish at a restaurant like Sage.And finally my dessert. It's a piece of art. Out of all the dishes, this was the only one that was worth a picture. Served on a long rectangular plate, with squares of white and yellow, huckleberries sprinkled all over, and the jam spread across half of the plate. It looked so beautiful that I was debating on if I should even eat it. It's a great choice for those who have an interest in fruity/tarty desserts. Not too sweet, reminds me of some sort of pudding. Not much texture to it, it's more for ending your flavor journey with a light, creamy finish.My dining experience here was great. There were some bloopers from my table though. My server was friendly overall, but time and time he would forget to bring the correct wine over with my friend's meal (she chose wine pairing) or he brought the wrong wine because he remembered the wrong dish. When the soup was served, my other friend had the same dish as me, but he was given an empty bowl, and the server (not our waiter) did not have enough soup to pour, so she left without a word to get more. Another server came to explain. Food was definitely 5-stars. Minus one for the service bloopers.
4	4.5 starsI was in Vegas this past weekend for a bachelorette party and we came here for dinner on Saturday.  We originally planned dinner at 7:45 but we arrived early to walk around the Aria and City Center because some of the party people has never been there (me included).  However, we did not end up walking around because we were hungry, and asked if you would be able to be seated sooner than our reservations.  They were able to seat us early, mostly due to the Mayweather/Cotto fight that was happening, the restaurant was not too full.Our party choose to have the prix fixe menu ($79), it would be simple to divide the check at the end.  But our server did inform us before ordering, if one gets the prix fixe menu they ask the whole table order from that menu, and the table will only receive one check.  After ordering, we received an amuse-bouche of tuna tartar with avocado mousse.  It was very taste and only there was more.  For the first course, I choose the Waygu beef tartar, my first time with beef tartar, it was good but I think if you prefer your beef more on the cooked side, choose another dish.  I had a sample of the oysters, which was another choice.  They tasted fresh but the size of the oysters were on the small side, but you do have to consider this was a prix fixe menu item.  Someone from the table ordered the foie gras brulee (this is an addition $10 if you choose this for the 1st course), and I had one bite of it.  My first time with foie gras and it tasted really good.  For the next course, I had the seared scallops, this was one of my favorites.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and were very tender. I tried a piece of the other offering which was the bacon wrapped rabbit. I have never had rabbit before but it did taste like chicken, and wrapped bacon around anything and it will taste good.  The 3rd course, I had the 48 hour beef belly.  It was pretty good and tender, it was fatty but its the belly, so what do you expect.  I had a piece of the pork lion, the other option, many of the girls at the table felt it was salty, but I think if you ate it with everything all together it will balance out the saltiness.  The last course was dessert, I had the pave (there was something before it but I don't remember what it was).  This was a chocolate bar meets dessert as our server described it.  It was very tasty and if you like chocolate this is good. I liked the filling but did not care much for the crunchy parts of it.  There was coffee ice cream which was very smooth and delicious.The service here I experienced was very attentive and friendly.  We did not have to wave down a server for anything.  There was not much waiting in-between each course, but then again if you are with good company time flies.  Everyone left feeling full and happy with the meal.  I hope if I come here again, I would like the tasting menu with is the 6-course option, but the server informed us it will take about 2.5 hours.  We'll see, until next time Vegas!
5	the veal cheek is absolutely superb.amazing flavor.just imagine the best cooked, soft, succulent, milky oxtail you've ever dreamed of... thats as close as i can get to describing the veal.love the decor.i dont remember the service because i was so into the meal. lol YUM.
4	While in Vegas, we had been to Sage, Clubhouse (Wynn), Circo (Bellagio), Spago (Caesars) for dinners.  Sage turned out to be the best food experience.  Innovative menu (Beef tartare with crispy chocolate !?) and tasty food.  We tried the $79 4-course tasting menu and thought it was worth it.  Service also was very good.  The atmosphere was young and hippie without being pretentious.
5	This was my first meal in Vegas this past weekend and it was the perfect way to kick off my trip. Upscale setting, incredible drinks, attentive staff...oh, and I haven't even gotten to the food!We had several starters which were all so unique and tasty. Started things off with the duck fat roasted heirloom beets salad. I typically don't even like beets but this appetizer changed my mind. We also tried the wagyu beef tartare with a slow poached egg. It was such an awesome combination, piled on top of crispy brioche cracker for a crunchy, flavorful taste. For my main dish I got the most flavorful scallops I have ever had in my life. The consistency was flawless and they were expertly paired with braised oxtail, wild mushrooms, and finished with a salted caramel reduction.For dessert, they brought each of us a bite-sized, rich and tasty chocolate dish, compliments of the chef. Overall an incredible dining experience and I would highly recommend it!
5	Enjoyed it so much I ate here twice on a 2-night Vegas stay. First night made a meal of apps, second had the amazing English pea ravioli, no apps. Yes, it's pricey, but worth it...fine ingredients, excellent service, mellow vibe. Highlights: oysters, slow poached egg, gin martini, and the aforementioned ravioli.
5	To keep this review shortMust have oysters to begin& scallops w/oxtailsalso NY strip is good.....
4	Excellent fine dining experience. It was easy to for us to make last minute reservations for a party of 10. Our table all ordered the four course tasting menu. I tried the beef tar tar topped with a raw yolk, foie gras brouille, day boat scallops with ox tail and mushroom reduction and beef belly with asparagus. For the desert course the gladly accommodated my request for berries instead of the pine nut tort or olive oil ice cream.The food was superb, the prices were too high, the wine list too short. For the price of the meals, I would expect a better ambience. Since there are so many amazing places to eat in Vegas, we probably won't go back, but I would recommend it to anyone who hasn't been.
2	Really disappointed with Sage as it came highly recommended.  We had the $120 tasting menu and the food was mediocre at best.  Just too much going on each plate and it was not cohesive.  Seasonings and sauces were worse than average.  Amuse buche was very good, oysters.  King crab had too many components that did not work well together. Best dish is the scallop with the garlic panna cotta.  The lamb was over cooked and sweet breads were oily and did not belong on the plate.  The 48 hour beef belly was the most disappointing as the sauce had no flavor,  the belly ended up tasting fatty and the best part of the dish was the asparagus and almonds.  The chocolate mint soup was devine.  The desserts were a mess!  Best part of our meal werethe wine pairings.The service was lacking as our waiter was too cool for his position.  He spoke ever so softly and was full of himself.  He spoke down to us and put down the other restaurant that recommended Sage.  Once he took our order we were serviced by the sommelier, bus boys and runners.  Waiter at one point scolds the bus boy at our table. Sage does a poor job of entertaining the diner.  Our time there was painful as dinner took 3 hours, we waited for our dessert for 20 minutes.With so many great restaurants in Vegas, I would not recommend Sage. I want a refund of my time back.
3	Good food and service for the price (we did the tasting menu), especially in Las Vegas. But overall, it was nothing mind-blowing. The dishes that really stuck out were the wagyu beef tartare, foie gras brulee, and the 48 hr beef belly.The foie gras brulee was seriously something else...never had anything like it, and I would agree with some fellow yelpers that it was on the sweeter side, but when eaten with the toasted brioche that was provided on the side, I think the fruit glaze/spread in the brulee really complimented well. (I thought the combination of flavors was actually quite similar to the fois gras terrine paired with sweet tomato jam that we had tried before at Providence in Los Angeles). Overall, I think the dish was so unique and tasty that I would come back just for it! As for the other decent dishes, I think I could easily find something comparable at another restaurant.Complimentary freshly baked bacon bread and sourdough bread were both delicious! Dishes came out in a very timely manner and we never waited long before the next course. At the end of our meal, we were presented complimentary hot white chocolate (with browned butter) served in a shotglass...it was so rich and delicious. Service was attentive and friendly. Decor at the restaurant is unique and interesting -- the restaurant used a modern mix of cushioned benches with pillows and chairs. Crowd seemed to be on the younger side (probably in the 25-40 age group).
5	Very Impressive! This restaurant has been on my radar for a while now, and I finally got the chance to check it out.  I had the $79 tasting menu and it's a great value.  I had oysters, scallops with braised oxtail and crispy pork shoulder, followed by a very tasty chocolate & olive oil dessert.   Everything was well prepared and tasted great. The ambiance was great too, nice but casual and lively and the same time. And they have a great selection of beers available.  You won't find a better value in this town.
5	Ah...where to begin?Sage is a treasure. Hubs and I were treated to a trip to Vegas following our beautiful Sonoma County wedding (aka, our Honeymoon) in November 2011. I did a lot of research beforehand and used trusty Yelp to make my decision on where to dine for our "fancy" night out. (The word fancy always reminds me of Squidward for some reason).I settled on Sage after much research into price, location, menu, and general Yelp happiness. I will say that their tasting menu and wine pairing were mostly what made me decide on this restaurant. Our close friends gave us a generous wedding gift certificate to Aria to assist with the cost as well, so needless to say, we were well on our way to maximum enjoyment.We went early to expand our meal options since they offer another tasting menu for early diners. We started with a few martinis (Grey Goose dirty martini for me) while we soaked up the atmosphere. Posh is how I would describe it, and pleasantly lit. We had forgotten to go grab our gift certificate from the front desk, and the host went to grab it for us when my husband was getting up to grab it. When Hubs tried to tip him for the service, he refused the tip and said, "just doing my job." Big score for Sage's staff there.Our waiter was very nice and attentive, which didn't change even when the restaurant got busier. We ended up ordering the $79 tasting menu with wine pairing. Hubs and I each got something different off the tasting menu so we could get the full scope of the menu. So happy that we did.It's been about 8 months so I can't remember everything, but here were the highlights of the meal:Bread: They had some bread that had bacon in it! To die for! Even better though (I know, how does it get better than bacon?) was the butter. It was lavender butter. Whipped and creamy and orgasmic. I was a little buzzed so I though nothing of sticking my finger in the bowl and cleaning up the tidbits that remained. I have never been so impressed with bread and butter.Wagyu Beef Tartare: I've already used orgasmic so let's go with phenomenal on this. Seriously, I still have dreams of finding something this good ever again. A poached egg sits a top this yummy pile of raw meat and once pierced oozes its gooey goodness down into the rest of the goodness. What a treat!Scallops: I don't remember exactly how they were prepared (the wine pairing is quite a doozy, fair warning), but I remember that they were really tasty. And not overcooked - which is a huge gripe I have over the preparation of scallops.48 hour pork belly: Again, I'm going to blame this on the alcohol, but I don't remember too much here but that it was excellent (and we were getting very full). Hubs and I both ordered this one and yummed it all up.And I honestly don't remember too much more than that. But hey, it's Vegas, right?Everything was paced well and the staff had great patience for our slow going. Our waiter even sent the sommelier over to chat with us once when we mentioned that we were from Sonoma County and Hubs worked at a boutique winery in Russian River Valley.Overall, great experience, staff, and food. The $400 price tag (including tip) was worth it.
4	I am not quite sure why they say this is Mediterranean which I guess it's kinda a stretch. I really really like the service, on point and so friendly. We did the chef's tasting menu. The two best things on the menu the scallops and the meat tartare. Wow. OH and let's not forget the koramotu (sp?) oysters. SO amazing! The coffee was so perfect too, came out in a french press. I LOVED. The manager even came by and had a nice chat with us about the restaurant and Vegas. Great guy! Can't say enough about the amazing staff.  Very grown up and nice restaurant in an amazing hotel. Great for special occasions!  But is this my fave restaurant in Vegas, no.. I still have major love for Bouchon!
5	One of the best meals I have had, I ordered the burrata for an appetizer, it was a little spicy which I really enjoyed.  The bread was sooo good, it came with garlic butter and sea salt.  For my meal I ordered the Kobe steak with salsa verde and potato croquettes.  This was one of the best steaks I have ever had!! Delish.
5	This place truly lived up to the hype.We did the tasting menu.  There were no misses, but I wasn't wild about the 48 hour beef belly--I think this was probably just a matter of taste.  I agree with the other reviewers that the steak tartare and scallops were truly special.  The choice between bacon bread and sourdough--no contest--bacon bread.The service was perfectly paced.  We slowed down between courses 2 and 3, but things continued on perfectly as the staff kept an eye on when we were finished.  The only service change I would make would be hovering water filler who didn't let a sip go un-refilled.It was truly special without being pretentious or stuffy.  I would love to head back.
5	this place had been on my go-to list for a while since i learned that it was a new venture by the owners/chef at my former favorite restaurant in chicago, Spring.i finally came here with some friends for a bachlorette party last weekend. service was really good. the table ordered the prix fixe menu for $79.  i ordered the oyster appetizer, which was really fresh with just the right amount of brine. my friend upgraded to a foie gras brulee served with brioche bread, which was really creamy and smooth, definitely worth the $10 upgrade. for entrees, i ordered the scallop in braised short rib sauce. the scallops were perfectly cooked and caramelized, and the sauce with bits of short rib was succulent. my second entree was the 48 hour beef belly, which was melt in your mouth amazing.  for dessert, i ordered the strawberry tart, which was like spring on a plate. i will be dreaming of food from here until i return.
5	After my 4th dining experience - 3 chefs tasting (no menu) & 1 signature tasting menu I must say Sage never disappoints.While waiting for my table we always enjoy a Moscow Mule (vodka & ginger beer) - I now own 4 copper mugs to make this tasty beverage at home. For the chefs menu, you can choose how many courses you want with or without the wine paring. The wine selection is right on, courses were timed out well, the beef belly melts in your mouth & the foie gras brulee is TO DIE FOR! On my 2nd visit we ordered a non alcoholic pairing for a family member which was awesome. I learned that they could make this accommodation from the bartender the first time. Oh, everyone must experience the absinth cart & the fire & ice drink. Quite a show, and quite the BUZZ!
2	Wow, what a truly disappointing experience.  Based on the number of really solid reviews and accounting for grade inflation, we were expecting at least a decent dining experience.  What we got was negligent service, inconsistent execution and, most damning, a host so surly and disingenuous it caused me to put fingers to keys to criticize.Some key highlights:1) Service was just miserable.  Our large party left the restaurant 3 hours after seating, and we almost an hour between appetizers/entrees/desert.  With such a long time between courses, you'd think our server would be around to check on our dishes and overall satisfaction.  I could count the number of times on one had that he came around.  The sommelier, bread fellow and other staff were good, but our server was in abstentia.  Maybe the mandatory tip numbed his motivation for customer service, but it was clear he didn't really care.  The lack of attention also resulted in missed opportunities to win back our opinion when the food faltered...2) Overall, the food was decent, with a few solid offerings like sweetbreads, oysters, slow poached farmhouse egg with truffle and toast points (yum!), and dayboat scallops, but there were 3 significant issues.  Wine suggestions were excellent and somelier quite knowledgeable.  First, we ordered the crab appetizer and found 3 solid marble-like objects in the crab meat.  Luckily no one was injured, but if I bit down harder, it would have chipped my teeth.  When I notified the server, all we got was the host concerned about a lawsuit - he was noticeably fixated on an injury - with no attempt at customer service other than a lame apology that they didn't know what happened.  Second, the new york strip was lukewarm/cool, and the puree was just cold.  I would have gladly taken a replacement that was properly cooked, but the 30 minute wait before our server returned pretty much ensured my desire for the steak had waned.  It's really academic anyway, because the server didn't even ask if I wanted another or anything else for that matter.Third, even though we asked for no extra salt/light salt for all the dishes, 1/2 the dishes were overly salty.  I don't think they added much if any extra salt, but the sauces, earlier prepped items, etc. were uniformly over-salted.  I can't imagine what regular salt would have done to my blood pressure...A bit of Sage advice.  I totally understand there could be blips in any service, and the mark of any decent restaurant is a commitment to customer service.  If there's a problem, just fix it and let me know you care about your food and my business and all is forgiven.  We got the opposite, which leads me to point 3.3) The host just didn't care.  When I discussed all the issues we had with the host, the only response was an artificial apology.  That's it.  No attempt at fixing the issues, a complimentary item, nothing.  Maybe it was an off night or maybe it was a bad day for the server/host, but when you can't even care enough to make the slightest effort to fix problems or keep customers happy, it tells me Sage cares very little about it's food and it's customers.  Hopefully your experience at Sage will be better than mine, but I will never go back.
5	Our experience last night at Sage was terrific. Ordered the 'Early Evening Menu" with the Beer Pairings. I'm not that big of a beer drinker but these beers have inspired me! The waiter was attentive, friendly and professional. The ambiance is Vegas but classy.  The Turbot was excellent as was the squash salad. The desert was 'smoked chocolate ice cream' some might like but not to my taste. Tasted like sausage flavored ice cream. An excellent meal and experience. This was social/business meeting with 3 others.
5	WOW!! Do not miss eating at Sage - for any reason.  We have traveled extensively and eaten more extensively, and this was one of the top five meals ever. Because we had a show we opted for an early dinner and took advantage of the "early", 5pm-7pm menu for $49. You must ask for this - they will not offer it initially. This covered three courses, each with a few choices. Each and every dish was sublime, combining distinct flavors that complemented one another, but did not lose their individuality. I was amazed that the "red velvet " dessert was, in reality, a scoop of smoked chocolate ice cream, over a compote of cherries and covered with crumbled red velvet cake. My wife's allergy to dairy was handled with extreme care by the kitchen. Service was very professional, but with casual affect.HIghly recommend this restaurant.
5	This place gets everything right.  From the decor, to service, to food, everything is on point.
4	Went here for Dinner on a Thursday with no reservations. Got lucky and we were seated almost immediately. Service was great.  Often it's not the food itself that makes a dish amazing but rather the combination of all the different flavors that go into it that make a dish. This statement is true about every single item we got in this restaurant. Although good, some dishes even great.. this place gets 4 stars. COLORADO LAMB TENDERLOIN CRUDO Toasted Cashews/Roasted Sunchoke/Brooks Cherry GastriqueAMAZINGG!! I've never had lamb done so well!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The lam itself was fabulous and the combination was just beyond this world! AMAZING!!!!!WAGYU BEEF TARTARE Crushed Caper Aioli/Slow-Poached Egg/Pickled Mustard Seeds/Crispy ChocolateHow can you possibly go wrong with Wagyu beef you just can't.. another combo amazement.. GRILLED AMERICAN KOBE SKIRT STEAKCrispy Potato Puree/Grilled Gem Lettuce/Smoked Avocado/Salsa Verde Good dish.. The cripsy potato puree was AMAZING.. it was .. delicious.. a must haveMAINE DAY BOAT SCALLOPS Braised Oxtail/Wild Mushrooms/Salted Caramel ReductionMy disappointment of the night. They were good, just not as good as I expected them. They were a bit chewy....AND FINALLYTHE HIGHLIGHT OF THE NIGHT WAS The lemon souffle..Although I'm not sure if that's what it was called. The ingredients were lemon, cucumber and mint! In a souffle right ??!?! This was so amazingggggg, so refreshing  , delicate, light... elegant.. ! All in one!
5	I don't go out much or get to.. to say the least, but Sage.. saved me from every aspect of isolation of a homebody. Nestled in Aria Hotel, on the casino level by the front desk, adjacent from Julian Serrano. The array of deep, neon hues of purple awaits as you walk by the bar and into the main dining room. Three words to describe the ambiance: Sultry, sexy, and sooooothing. The bar and lounge area is quite inviting. I wouldn't mind at all having my meal there. My classy date and I were greeted by a kind, smiling lovely hostess named Alexis. I appreciate that so much, since the warm welcoming gives a great start to a wonderful dining experience.  We were then escorted in by the assistant manager and even pulled out the table and chair for us. My Oh my it just gets better and better!!! This was my first time trying a Signature Tasting Menu and honestly, I couldn't be more excited and thrilled to be able to share this experience with someone that loves great creations of food as much as I do. *Sigh I'm so happy... We tasted everything, shared everything, and that in itself meant Everything to me. The 1st Course: WAGYU BEEF TARTARE w/ Pickled Mustard Seeds. Crushed Caper Aioli , Slow Poached Egg, & Crispy Chocolate  -Extraordinary. By far the best beef tartare I ever had. The presentation itself was breathtaking and simply a work of art. Once you mix the egg with beef, the texture is ever so creamy. After my first bite, combining everything even the piece of thin, airy chocolate on top of a tasty olive oil infused, crispy brioche toast. I was singing.. Isn't she lovely... yeeeeees. All the ingredients, solid flavors were bursting with surprise in my mouth. It's nothing like I ever tasted before. If this is how it feels when you fall in love... I'm deeply in love.We also went all out and substituted for yes..... the FOIE GRAS BRULEE!!! The soft, slightly salty brioche muffin contrast with the richness of the foie gras.. make whoopie by eating this. A very sensual dish. This hypnotizing flavor is all new to me..  dizzy in love again.. perhaps that was the champagne?! Reggie, our sommelier was informative and great. The 2nd Course: BACON- WRAPPED RABBIT      English Pea Ravioli/Nueske Bacon, & Sweet Onion Sauce - Vibrant green colors.. gave away this freshness to the eyes. Beautiful dish. Every single element in this entree were magically paired to one another. It was as if you were eating your favorite song. Rabbit.. oh Rabbit.. I love you... Damn it.. I do. *hitting the dining table with my fists... gawd I want more and more of you. Addicted..MAINE DAYBOAT SCALLOPS Braised Oxtail/Wild Mushrooms, & Salted Caramel Reduction -My favorite seafood.. Scallops! Cooked to perfection, tender, juicy, and oh so damn succulent. Forget day dreaming.. I fantasize about this dish. Can't get enough of it. I want this dish and I want it Bad. Delicious!The 3rd Course:  We both ordered... 48 HOUR BEEF BELLY  Shaved Purple Asparagus/Ramp-Sorrel Puree, & Pickled Ramps/Toasted Almond - Very rich and the depth of flavor is endless. Extremely tender and effortlessly melts in your mouth. This isn't for the faint of heart, but for a heart of gold due to the luxuriance of the meat. Happily satisfied :)The 4th course: GIANDUJA PAVE Olive Oil Ice Cream, Hazelnut Crunch, & Basil Jam -Odd combination, but it was the best ending to such an amazing, memorable dinner. Again, everything I tasted was like a stimulating, new fairy tale story. It made such a profound impact of how I felt at that present moment and I could say... I could have fallin' in love. I never knew food could alter the way I feel and gosh darn it... I felt So beyond special. I never smiled so bright. My tummy was beaming! We were also offered complimentary breads in the beginning of sourdough or bacon bread. Bacon, by far was it for me and the whipped, creamy butter with sea salt .. yes another smile on this face. *sigh We also did the wine pairing with our Tasting :) I could cry out of joy from this experience. Pure bliss... Maybe since the flavors and simple ingredients were like traveling and exploring a new country.. a first for me. I was just stunned and even turned on by how delicious this restaurant was. The dim, cozy decor, and colors makes this ideal for a perfect Romantic date. I seriously couldn't be more pleased and happy. I love the fact my date has great taste in food and loves exploring as much as eating. Great company and great food can definitely lead to great things ;) The service was exceptional, top notch, 5 solid stars... The GM, Robert was ever so personable, funny, and kind by checking up on us throughout our evening. Our servers, runners, bussers, all worked smoothly together and made this one of the best dining experience I ever had in my entire life. Thank you. That being said.. This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas and I can't wait to go back.
3	Be sure to check out the early tasting menu before 7pm. For $49 you can get a 3 course dinner, and you can even add a wine or beer pairing for a nominal fee. The cocktails are really good, and the dinner paired beer or wines are excellent. Even though the menu changes, the dinner my wife and I had was excellent until the desert. The "deconstructed red velvet cake" was awe-full. The smoked chocolate ice cream tasted like ash and chocolate. Too much smoke is an understatement for this one. We then ordered another desert, and that one was excellent. A nice ending to an otherwise great meal.
5	When we looked up the menu online I worried that it would be one of those places with tiny portions of great looking but barely tasty food. Boy, was I wrong. The food was delicious, from the lobster soup appetizer to my wife's steak and my lamb to the dessert. Great presentation and exquisite tastes. The service was also top notch. Our server did appear a bit cold and business-like at the start of the meal but warmed up towards the end thus making this a five star review.
5	We went here for our wedding anniversary dinner and made reservations the same day and got in without issues. As soon as you walk in, you are taken back by the swanky lounge/restaurant romantic feel and the place looked regal with it's colors! First of all, do not look at the prices for this is not an cheap place...but worth every penny! The Price Fix is a great option, but if you don't like the options, just dive into the menu and order what sounds great...we did!Apps: WAGYU BEEF TARTARE and the SASHIMI OF YELLOWTAIL I could have eaten a bowl of the Tartare as it was warm. The Yellowtail was light and refreshing and never thought of apricots and Yellowtail going together but it made a great combo!Dinner: I had the GRILLED AMERICAN KOBE SKIRT STEAK and my wife got the BRAISED VEAL CHEEKS. The combination of smoked avacodo with the pureed potatoes and salsa were to die for! The steak was cooked just right. I had a coupe of bites of the Veal and the it was quite comforting...delicious. Both our plates were clean.They keep bringing out bread with butter and sea-salt...so that combined with apps and dinner forced us to skip dessert and go for the....Absinthe Cart!!  I've never had it before and my wife did in Europe (but she doesn't remember much of that!!) and since it would make a great aperitif we went with server's choice. She put on a great show and the drinks were out of this world. Excellent way to relax after dinner.The thing that I love about Sage is that though the prices were high (as expected) and the place was quite exquisite, the folks who work there are very friendly, down to earth, and make you feel very comfortable. I've gone to many high-end restaurants before and you have to "behave" very refined. Writing this review just made me hungry....
5	I took a friend here to celebrate her birthday prior to attending a show in Vegas.  We both ordered from the pre-theater menu, which was an incredible bargain at $49/each.  The service here was incredible--the timing of each course was absolutely perfect, the waiter was friendly and knowledgeable and all of our needs were anticipated.  Even before the courses started to arrive, Sage won me over with its delicious bacon bread, which should not be missed!  We also ordered a poached egg with crostini appetizer that was covered with some sort of truffle foam.  It was just fantastic and very beautifully presented.  Next came a bowl of fresh burrata with summer squash, a crispy sea bass and finally a white chocolate ganache dessert with blueberries and caramel corn.   Sage is my new favorite restaurant in Vegas.  I can't wait for my next visit!
4	signature menu was good..good price as well..it's basically a 4 course meal for $80. I had the oysters..OMG so good with the hot sauce..the scallops were ok, a bit on the heavy side (comes in two)..pork? o dear..it's heavy..but good..I tried the octopus..get that instead! the tartare was ok..egg was a bit hard and not too creamy..the dessert..i ahd the pistachio tart..a bit on the sweet side..the pave was better...the amuse bouche was good..service was really nice..we had a nice seating and the decor is cool..def nice place for a romantic dinner..not much of a kid environment..
4	Tried the signature tasting menu. Husband went for the oysters - i could smell the tabasco and he liked them. I went for the burrata and zucchini salad - the cheese was rich and I really like the flavors. Next up were the scallops - everyone at our table said these were the best scallops anyone had tasted. I went for the pork - just okay. It tasted like bacon, maybe it was smoky. Not bad, just not great. Husband went for the 48 hour beef. Wow, super tender and tasty. Atmosphere was fine - not a totally full restaurant on a friday night. But, enough people to not be weird. Server and sommelier were super helpful and nice. Almost forgot to mention the bacon brioche bread served first - we asked for seconds. It was awesome!
5	Can a single meal completely change your perception of fine dining?Can a single meal radically alter your relationship with food in general?I think it can -- and Sage proves it.  After my dinner here, I'll never look at food quite the same way again.  To say it was my favorite meal in Las Vegas would be an understatement.  It would be more accurate to say it was one of my top meals of *all time*.It began with an 8pm reservation for two.  Sage, located in the Aria hotel, has a relatively unassuming entrance, but that belies that grandeur to be found inside.  The restaurant is immense, with high ceilings, sumptuous furnishings, and a gorgeous color scheme with lots of golds accents and stunning chandeliers.  Needless to say, Sage is just as much a feast for the eyes as it is for the taste buds. After we were seated, our incredibly friendly and kind server, John, came by with the breadbasket.  We each had the sourdough roll and a bacon brioche -- and both were excellent.  They were served with sea salt (served on a tablespoon) and whipped butter. Deciding what to order was easy as pie -- we both had the 4-course tasting menu ($79).  My dinner companion splurged on the wine pairing ($39).  Our server's wine pours were *very* generous -- a lot more than the advertised half glass per course .  In fact, I was able to enjoy some wine with every course without bothering to order the wine pairing myself. Below is a run-down of everything that we ate.  Absolutely everything was cooked and presented with the utmost class and sophistication.  The refinement of this dinner was unlike anything I'd previously experienced.**AMUSE BOUCHE ... PRE-DINNER**A shot glass of gazpacho.  Fresh and tangy.  A wonderful starter.**COURSE #1**Wagyu beef tartare with buttered crostini.  Easily the finest tartare I've ever had.  The beef was unctuous and fresh; the egg only added to the indulgence.  Chocolate shavings provided an unexpected layer of complexity.**COURSE #2**Seared Maine dayboat scallops with broccolini, braised oxtail, mushrooms, and caramel reduction.  The scallops were cooked beautifully and fall apart when touched with a fork.  The broccolini was tender.  The caramel sauce provided an intriguing sweetness that contrasted against the saltiness of the shellfish.**COURSE #3**48 hour beef belly with braised apples.  I've never had beef this tender and succulent in my life.  Each bite dissolves on your palate and overwhelms you with flavor.  Apples provide a gentle acidity that works well against the umami of the beef.**COURSE #4**Pistachio tart with strawberry ice cream.  A culinary work of art -- oodles of individual components meticulously arranged.  Bold, fresh flavors all over the plate.  An enjoyable juxtaposition of hot and cold. **AMUSE BOUCHE ... POST-DINNER**Hot white chocolate with mint and coconut, served in a white porcelain shot glass.  A sweet, uplifting treat at the end of a fantastic meal.After this meal, I wasn't just full and satisfied -- I was exhilarated, knowing that I had a world-class gastronomic experience.  The staff at Sage earned every penny of their tip.This isn't the sort of meal I can have everyday -- but it's worth doing once in a while, if for no other reason to remind yourself that fine dining can truly be life-changing.If you subscribe to the "you only live once" philosophy, than a dinner at Sage is a must.
5	*drool* My mouth is still watering, thinking about this place.I did the tasting menu, and everything was great. The foie gras creme brulee had that nice combination of sweet and savory. The dayboat scallop was cooked to perfection, and the oxtail paired perfectly with it. The beef belly reminded me of bbq beef ribs. That's a good thing, by the way... because no bbq joint has made ribs taste THIS good! Super delicate and tender meat, with a great smokey flavor. The only weak point in that meal was the pistachio tart dessert, which wasn't very memorable, but I don't even care since the rest of the meal was just that satisfying.The $39 wine pairing was a steal. The wines weren't spectacular, but they paired well with the dishes, nevertheless.Oh, if only Vegas were closer so I could eat here over and over again...
5	Good American food in classy restaurant.
4	Beautiful setting fantastic food.  The breads were warm and yummy and you could easily fill up on that.  I had the raw oysters as the appetizer which were sweet and creamy.  I had the scallops for dinner and they were gigantic and deliciously seared.  One of the diners had the tasting menu which was actually quite a lot to eat but offered a little of everything.  The service was impeccable and staff very friendly.
4	The culinary talent oozing out of the kitchen is highly commendable, the ambiance is equally pleasing to the eyes, the service, however, leaves a little something to be desired.  Still, when in Aria, I would recommend visiting Sage without fail.Once you walk past the wine racks that line the entrance to the restaurant, a lounge/bar area serves as the holding area before you are seated in the cavernous dining room with blue-lit walls featuring sections of a painting by Seurat.  It's classy, yet modern, and delightfully decadent.Most of our party ordered from the Signature tasting menu, which at $84 was a solid deal for 4 courses.  All dishes were wonderfully prepared with balanced flavors and artful presentation.  Although many opined on the foie gras creme brulee, I opted for the burrata, which was good, but it had me wishing I ordered the foie gras.  The dayboat scallops with oxtail was fantastic, perhaps my favorite dish of the evening.  The 24 hour cooked beef belly was wonderfully tender, reminiscent of braised pork belly, but not quite as fatty.  For dessert, the olive oil ice cream on my plate was my favorite part.  While I skipped the wine pairing, several people did and were quite pleased with the pairings.Onto the service.  Oh, our server.  He was young and inexperienced.  He spent more time crossing the restaurant floor back and forth than coming by our table.  I can excuse inexperience, but the rest of the staff at our table seemed cold, one person in particular.  He would almost toss our place settings at our table and seemed like he really didn't care about being there that night.  It certainly didn't ruin the meal, but it was a shame to have the service mar an otherwise wonderful experience.
5	Ah, Sage.  I was looking forward to this restaurant perhaps the most on the trip, but it turned out being not what I expected.First, this place definitely is worthy of a 5* star review, hence the rating.  The service was impeccable.  Since we were celebrating our anniversary, they treated us like royalty with complementary champagne and the egg course.  The amuse bouche of gazpacho and the white hot chocolate were excellent additions.My husband and I chose to do the signature four-course tasting menu and each had something different.  The wine pairings were tasty and spot on, although I personally am not a fan of dessert wines or ports, but that's no fault of theirs.  The steak tartare and oysters were immaculate and extremely fresh and tasty.  The spanish octopus was the best I'd ever eaten (and the most tender and best cooked) and the beef belly was so flavorful and moist.  We also really enjoyed the pork and the scallops, though we felt not all the pieces went together for us personally.This became really evident to us when we had dessert.  Their signature dessert, the gianduja pave... after hearing so many rave reviews on Yelp, we almost ordered two of these.  Thankfully, we got the pistachio tart as well!  It's not that it was bad, I think it was an extremely inventive dish, but we didn't really understand/agree with the pairing with olive oil and basil.  I just remember cutting the chocolate part in half (to split it), licking the spoon and being grossed out because it was all olive oil.  We thought the ice cream (olive oil too) was actually the star of the dish.  With this being said though, we can see how this dish may be amazing to some people, but it and some of the other dishes' components were perhaps a little too complex for our preferences.Thus, in review, Sage is an excellent restaurant.  The service is outstanding and the detail and skill going into cooking make the food amazing.  While most of what we had was fantastic, we weren't a fan of all the complex combinations of ingredients, and prefer more simplistic gourmet meals - some people may feel this way too, but I applaud Sage for being different and trying things that some people might not appreciate as much :)
4	Finally we tried out Sage tonight for my bf's birthday.  The signature tasting menu has upped from $79 to $89 and wine/beer pairing has upped from $39 to $44.  Here are the items we got:Amuse Buche: Smoked salmon profiterole.  One bite that excited our palate.  Then we got to choose the bacon bread or the sourdough bread to spread some chive butter and sprinkle some Himalayan sea salt on it if we like.  I prefer the sourdough. 1st Course:-Wagyu Beef Tartare -Delicious.  The beef was tender and yummy with the nice crushed caper aioli to give it that oomph and the slow poached egg to bring everything together.  We were given crostini to top the tartare on.  This was paired with a Chimay white.-Foie Gras Brulee (extra $10)-like a savory dessert.  Too rich for my taste.  I only ate a quarter and was done with this.Winner: Wagyu Beef Tartar2nd Course:-Grilled Spanish Octopus: The octopus pieces were so tender...never had it this tender ever!  These octopus slices were served with smoked Potato Puree, fried potatoes, and other veggies.  This was paired with a Unibroe.-Maine Dayboat Scallops:  2 jumbo scallops and they were cooked to perfection.  American Fish can learn from Sage how to cook seafood.  They were served with braised oxtail and wild mushrooms.  The scallops were the star and I could care less about the oxtail and mushrooms.Winner:  Both were delicious, but scallops win by a few points.3rd Course:-Iberco Pork Loin: the pork loin was a bit salty, the ham was not memorable, the crispy pork shoulder was delicious.  This was paired with a dark beer that my bf cannot remember the name of but he loved this beer.  -48 hour beef belly:  Very tender.  It was served with grilled peach.  This was paired with a Chimay Red.Winner: 48 hour beef belly, although the crispy pork shoulder in the Iberco Pork Loin was pretty darn good!4th Course:-Gianduja Pave: This is an olive oil ice cream with pieces of hazelnut crunch and basil jam.  It was quite beautiful  but a  bit hard to eat since we have to spoon a bit of the ice cream, the blue berries, the hazelnut crunch, the chocolate, to get them all in one bite.  My bf didn't like this dessert as much as I did.-Pistachio Tart:  The tart was in little pieces, strategically laid out on top of some stringy cake, served with sauteed strawberries and a strawberry-black pepper gelato.  Interesting flavor combination.  It also came with a lit candle for my bf.  My bf loved this dessert.  This was paired with a fruity lindemann beer.Winner:  Tied.We ended the night with this white chocolate drink, compliments of the chef.  Was yummy in my tummy.  The total bill, including tip, was $300.Worth it?  Yes.  Service was impeccable.
5	I've been lucky enough to visit some great restaurants around the globe. The meal I experienced here tonight was amongst the top. I won't even try to explain the combination of fantastic flavors that I enjoyed. This place has a very creative chef who puts together unbelievable combinations of flavor. They have a phenomenal wine AND beer selection to pair your meal with. The trifecta is the well informed, attentive service. In a word, fantastic. I will be back here when ever I am in Vegas. As a side thought, the bacon infused dinner rolls are outta this world.
5	Wow, where do I start...a complete gastrogasm.After my first couple of days in Vegas, I felt as if I was lacking a "true" five-star worthy experience....Sage satisfied that void in spades.  We went here on a Monday night and were seated after a two minute wait with no reservation.Each member of my party went with the Tasting menu ($89), with my better half and I opting for the Australian Wagyu main upgrade ($15).  I went with the Wagyu Tartare, the Dayboat Scallops, The Australian Wagyu main, and the pistacio tart for desert.  We opted against the wine pairing ($59) or beer pairing ($44) in favor for some of their amazing looking cocktails.Service from start to finish was near impeccable.  Our server (whose name escapes me) was alert, attentive, and extremely helpful.  He read the "vibe" of our table perfectly, in that he fed into our playful good mood by joking with us throughout the service (e.g. warning us about the strength of a cocktail using slurred speach, telling me upon ordering a third cocktail that 'rehab is for quitters').  Even the support staff was attentive, as my father paused to look for the restroom a staff member ran over and asked him if there was anything he could help him with.  There was the perfect mix of attentiveness without coming across as overbearing.On to the food and drink.  The cocktails, while pricey ($16 per) were inventive and excellently prepared.  The wagyu tartar was excellent, with the aioli and finely chopped  onion adding just the right amount of flavor.  The buttered crostini were the perfect conduit for what was a delicious tartare.  The scallops was more like one large scallop cut in half.  It was good, though personally I'd recommend the octopus which another had in my party.  They Australian Wagyu main wasn't the best steak I've ever had, but it was definitely up there.  The sear was tremendous, and at several moments I had to close my eyes to savor just how good the melt in your mouth dish was.  The only hiccup on the night came with the delivery of dessert, which for some reason was inexplicably delayed compared to the other dishes.  I believe we had to wait a good 20 or so minutes after clearing our main for it's arrival.  Given that all of our courses were delivered with great timing up on to that point is seemed a bit odd.  Desserts were on par with the other courses, with a part of me wishing I had ordered the Gianduja Pave.  It wasn't that the tart was bad, it was just that the flavor of pistachio tends to be very light and I felt was overshadowed by the sweetness of the strawberrys on the dish.Overall an unforgettable experience, and thus far my best dining experience in Vegas.  My better half dubbed it the "best meal in her life".  I can't give it that distinction, but it definitely deserves a spot in my top 5.  Highly recommended.
5	What an amazing meal! I had the 4-course prix fixe menu and selected the beef tartare, scallops, beef belly, and a hazelnut/tangerine pave dessert. Everything was just heavenly! The tartare was very rich and tasty. I had thought it couldn't get any better with the scallops, but then came the beef belly and I was just speechless. On top of everything, the service was top notch. I will definitely remember this place the next time I want a special meal in Vegas...
5	On The Strip, right inside the door of Aria, easily reached from the Valet.This is a beautiful place to bring a date to seal the deal with soaring ceilings and black lit masters paintings on the walls- its trendy atmosphere is sophisticated and alluring.Fantastic service- and easily one of the best meals I have had in Las Vegas ever.( it better be it cost quite a few bucks).Chef Richard serves up amazing foods with great detail.  A winner of Iron Chef, he knows how to mix flavors and combine textures to give everything we tasted appeal.Do not miss the foie gras and the bacon bread!( we were offered 3 different breads that night but the bacon was my standout favorite)The service was superb- obviously they have succeeded in correcting any issues that other reviewers had, our service was nothing short of impeccable.
5	Wowsers!! This place was beyond what I'd ever imagine..The SNAKE RIVER FARMS NEW YORK STRIP (yes in all caps kind of good) was beyond words. It was so tender, juicy, succulent, any word that would describe pure bliss please add it to this review!!! The atmosphere mixed with the people at my table..Along with Bond our waiter..It was the dopest night ever! If you go ask for Bond he was amazing! Oh and Abstinthe..Have to try it, the green elixir!
5	This restaurant was unbelievably great, and it was a great way to start our vacation. Since it was back in May, I can't promise you that the entrees we had will still be on the menu, since their menu changes now and then.Tip: Get the Chef's Menu with the wine paring. How much wine did I have? Too much, apparently. Here's what I do remember:- Appetizers:Foie Gras Brulee - Very creamy but not that strong.Wagyu Beef Tartare - Enjoyed thisA large assortment of Olives - and I'm talking 40+ olives. The GF loves olives and will still attempt to plop one on each finger of her hand and then wave to me. It doesn't matter if we're in a fancy restaurant, because she will attempt this nearly every time.- Entrees:Braised Veal Cheeks - Tender and tasty. GF cannot stand veal, but that's more for me!Iberico Pork Loin for the GF - I believe she liked it a lot.- Dessert:Giandjuja Pave - this is a must-have. Simply the richest Chocolate/Hazelnut ice cream you can indulge in.And some other items that I can't remember because I was pretty lit from all of the wine pairings. I do recall that their wine selection was so well-matched with our dishes, that I haven't had a comparable pairing at dinner since (although our recent Alan Wong dinner comes really close).The decor is very beautiful. and very chic for a restaurant that specializes in "American" cuisine.The service was excellent. The waiter was knowledgeable and friendly, and helped us out with a few answers on a couple of items.I want to eat here when we return to Vegas, sometime in the near future. Highly recommended.
5	I'm not sure how you top a 5 star review. One year later, Sage delivered an more spectacular experience than the previous year. This time around, we both opted for the Signature Tasting Menu ($120each) and were blown away by every course. The highlight for me was the lamb saddle and sweetbreads. The sweetbreads were as delicate as I've ever tasted and perfectly complimented the lamb. Every course was beautifully presented and timed perfectly from the last. Probably the best fine dining experience I've ever had. Every staff person we came in contact with, from the waiter to the bartender were at the top of their game as well as being personable (no stuffiness here!). I can't wait to come back. The meal lasted a good 2.5 hours from start to finish. It was an experience not to be missed!
5	What a great first meal in Vegas. This place actually ruined us for the rest of the restaurants in town. My husband got the New York strip and I had the short rib. Both were cooked perfectly and had tons of flavor. They also served an Australian sea salt with their butter and bacon infused bread. Neither of us had seen this before and actually questioned this, foolishly. The slightest bit of salt in the butter really made the taste explode. The waiter was completely on top of his game, attentive and friendly.  A great meal and a great experience!
3	Definitely a delectable menu with a very classy yet stylish ambience. Steaks, poultry, fish, and duck are big on the menu. If you're into duck, sushi, or tartare you'll enjoy the appetizer selections otherwise opt for lobster artichoke soup or the sprout pear and bacon salad. The meats are very well prepared and incredibly rich. Presentation was fantastic. I was quite surprised by the extremely slow service. We rarely saw our heavily French accented server though his support staff was always close by for water. I enjoy long eventful dining experiences but this was not eventful; it was almost boring. We spent most of the time with empty glasses or no bread and there's no server around to even request another drink.  At the end of our meal, we shared the white chocolate ganache dessert because of how full we were. It was a little medicinal in flavor, licorice maybe? We ate half, then the aforementioned support staff cleaned the table. Approx 15 empty glass minutes later, our server made his 3rd appearance of the night to say that the dessert was well worth the wait. He had no clue that we already had it, didn't like it, and were done with it. I would give 3.5 stars. Honestly the food is fantastic but the service really killed the experience. Maybe sitting in the bar area would be better.
2	Very disappointing. The steaks we had were either under done or over done. We ended paying 70 bucks per steak. Not even worth 10 bucks. Outback steak house makes better steaks than this place.
4	Been wanting to do this review for  a long time now but always keeps forgetting.  My husband and I went there for his birthday in June.  We are both avid foodies and we can say that we had a phenomenal dining experience.  We would definitely go back again.Ambiance:  The interior decor is a bit fancy and modern.  I really like the up lighting.  The high ceiling makes the space look bigger and spaciousFood:  We got the Chef's Tasting menu which was at $120 per head.  Good choice for first-timers as you get to try a little bit of almost everything.  The selection might have changed since we came but when we went these were the items in the tasting menu:Market Oysters with Piquillo Pepper and Tabasco Sorbet, Aged Tequilla Mignonette - I normally don't eat oysters but the flavor was so good that I forgot I was eating oysters.  Don't get me wrong, the oyster taste was still there and it's tasted really fresh.  Actually, this was given as a complimentary item by the ChefAlaskan King Crab with Creamy sunchoke, bacon, and paddlefish roe - I absolutely love this as an appetizer.  I love crabs plus add bacon and I'm a happy camper.  The flavors just melded well.Heirloom Beet Salad  with Duck Prosciutto, Point Reyes Blue Cheese, Roasted Walnuts, and Celery Vinaigraitte - Light and fresh.  The dressing wasn't overwhelmingFoie Gras Brulle with Salted Brioche, Toasted Cocoa Nibs, and Shaved Torchon - interesting way of serving foie gras.  We think the size is too big though for an appetizer. Maybe they can make the serving size a little bit smallerPan-Roasted Sea Scallop  with Jamon Iberico, Green Garlic Flan, Black Trumpet mushrooms  - scallops was cooked perfectly, flavors are just right and compliments each ingredientHerb-Crusted Lamb Saddle with Crispy Sweetbreads, Baby Fennel, Creamy White Polenta - lamb cooked and seasoned well.  I loved the sweetbreads!48 Hour Beef Belly with Shaved Purple Asparagus, Ramp Sorrel Puree, and Toasted Almond - beef is so tender it melts in your mouth.  Gianduja Pave  - Olive Oil Ice Cream/Hazelnut Crunch/Basil Jam - Yes, you read it right.  Olive oil ice-cream???  I had my doubts at first but it was a really good plate cleansing item with all the flavors we just hadStrawberry Profiterole - Vanilla Ice Cream/Lemon Sorbet/Chervil Mousse -  Light dessert, not too sweet,  flavors melded well together. Service: Our server was attentive and really knows the menu that she can answer any question we have.  She also saw that I was not enjoying my cocktail since I am not really into citrusy drinks so she suggested to change itWe enjoyed our dinner and it was definitely worth the money we paid. The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars for this restaurant was because they didn't do my request to bring out a cake for my husband as requested.  I made a note when I did the reservation requesting them to bring out a slice of cake for him but it was not done.  It didn't really matter but would have been nice if they did it.
5	I am going to keep this review short and sweet.  But I do want to mention that I can see why so many people love this restaurant.  The menu is small, and most what I had was crafted deliciously, and it looks like pride is taken in making the food.Favorite appetizer was the grilled octopus.  It is served with potato puree, what a great and unique complement to the seafood.Favorite main dish was the flank steak.  Good lord what a dish.  So tender you don't even need a knife.  It's one of those dishes that you want again as you write a review, I hate that feeling!!Service as you will read is spot on.  My one dish that I wouldn't order is the pork loin.  So salty, not sure if it is meant to be like that.  Still gets an easy 5 though.The restaurant doesn't act pretentious, and keeps it simple.  I love that.
4	This place has it together - iberico loin, flank steak, tasty veggie sides. The meats were prepared really well (not well-done). The pork loin had a wonderful combination of sweet and savory little sides. I was very disappointed that we didn't have time for dessert though - apparently they make them in-house and individually. Next time, next time...
5	Was looking for a special dinner...something that would truely be memorable.Found Sage and decided to give it a go!  Atmosphere is very nice...very upscale and modern feel like the rest of Aria, and it worked well for us.We tried the tasting menus with wine parings!  It was a first for us, and it truely felt like we were the special guests of the restaurant.  Service was great and attentive.I won't go into each dish...break it down into a million ways, and explain why it was so good.Every dish was great...and I felt the pairings were spot on.  It was a very fun and exciting journey down Sage's tastings, to try each of their "bests" and have fun eating each and every bite.Highlights :  Waygu tartare was so good....I still think about it days later.  The grilled octopus was easily the best I have ever had...it was so tender, I don't even want to know how they did it....must have beat the hell outta it and marinated it for hours....so so good, you would not even know what you were eating because it was a completely different consistency.The foie gras brulee was an experience.  I have never had it before, and the whole dish was an explosion of flavor...almost TOO much flavor.  TIP : Spread it on the bread that they give you with the brulee...you still have the amazing tastes, but it is not nearly as sweet and overbearing.  Once I figured this out, the dish was night and day better.Lamb was great...I had no idea what sweet bread was, and I ate most of it lol.  I was told later, and it still didn't change the fact that everything was great :)48hr beef belly was crazy packed with flavor...so tender, reminded me of pulled pork  meets pot roast...it really really works.The waygu sirloin was the hit of the night.  So tender and packed with flavor...my mouth waters thinking about it.Overall, this was a big splurge of pocket change to throw down on dinner...(well over $400 with tax and tip), but it did its job of giving us a very memorable anniversary dinner and a food experience we will never forget.Go for it!
4	I'm in Vegas 3 or 4 times a year for work or vacation and I'm always looking for new places to eat. On vacation with my wife in September (2012), we went to Sage and really enjoyed it. One of the things we liked the most is that it was mellow. You could actually hear your self think and relax - unlike so many restaurants in Vegas. Don't get me wrong - we're not senior citizens or anything - not even close. It was just a nice change of pace to have a killer meal and not have to listen to techno music :) The service and food were both incredible. We did the tasting menu and it was excellent.
5	Excellent food and service -- worth every penny.
2	My wife and I came here to Sage last night.  We had great hopes, having read the great reviews, but we left disappointed.First, we arrived 8 minutes early, but the "too hot" hostesses refused to seat us.  "I'm sorry, we're seating on time this evening.  Why don't you grab a drink at the bar.  We will get you when your table is ready."  We chose instead to walk for a couple minutes, but when we returned, even though we were still early, they sat us right away.  It was obvious they were pushing people to the bar to buy drinks before they sat down.  Second, we had one good appetizer and one we didn't like at all.  The market oysters were great, prepared with piquillo pepper and tabasco sorbet.  Probably the high point of our meal.  The low point was the much heralded foie gras custard brulee.  We love foie gras, and since it is now illegal in California, we had been looking forward to trying this dish.  We thought it was strange, soupy and inedible.  Our server asked us if we liked it, we said no, and while encouraging us to try it with more bread, she acknowledged that not everyone likes it.  Each of us only had a bite, but the server never said another word about it.  No offers to bring another appetizer - no apologies, no nothing, just indifference, and $25 on the bill.Third, our entrees were fine.  My wife had the Morro Bay Black Cod, which was perfectly cooked with a beautiful "bar" of pumpkin flan and deliciously chewy pancetta.  I had the kobe skirt steak, which was good too, but the sweet potato puree and pecan-brown butter vinagrette that were both supposed to come with the dish were just drizzles under the pile of sliced meat - there was barely enough to get the meat wet much less add much flavor.  We finished with the caramelized layer cake - good flavors but it tasted old and stale.  Plus the crumbled slice looked like it was cut by our toddler.  We wondered if they scraped together the last bits of cake from the night before.OK, so the bottom line is that for us Sage didn't live up to its reviews and its price point.  It was pretentious and overrated, and for $250 for two, we expected better.
5	Most of the reviews for this restaurant are from couples, but even if you're a spinster who can't stop dating unavailable people (emotionally, physically, whatever), Sage will be an amazing experience. Sit at the bar, let Aaron make your drinks, eat the beef tartare. Everything's going to be fine.
5	If you are a budget conscious diner who wants a full fine dining experience including wine/beer pairing, then this is a great place to go.I've been here twice so far while in Vegas and it's always been a pleasant experience.  In fact, one Vegas weekend I had dinner here one night and the next night at Joel Robuchon (which was around 10x the cost) and I actually preferred Sage's food over Robuchons.  Call me crazy, I know.My favorite dishes here are the market oysters and the scallops.  Probably one of the most flavorful scallop dishes I've had.Also, they tout their foie gras creme brulee as one of their signature dishes, but I must warn you, it is a very polarizing dish.  Some people will love it because they've never tried anything like it before but others will hate it.  I didn't care for it much even though I love foie gras, so I didn't find it surprising when it was off their prix fixe menu the second time around.Their wine/beer pairings are also a great deal for around $44.  The only problem I had with beer pairing was that they were pouring near full pints each glass.  I got so drunk after the fifth course, I couldn't remember half the night afterwards.  But then again, I guess that isn't such a bad thing in Vegas.
5	Of all the restaurants we've eaten in while staying in Las Vegas, Sage has consistently delivered a high quality meal with great ambiance. I also think for this sort of dining, Sage actually passes for a good value (on the Strip). We've been three times and have enjoyed each time, either getting the chef's tasting menu with wine-pairing or ordering a la carte. The menu is challenging without being off-putting and we've had very good service and meal-pacing.
5	I would totally go back here just to try some other things on the menu - there were so many things that I wanted to try.We started with the wagyu beef tartare - amazing. I savored every bite!He ordered the Braised Veal Cheeks.  The meat was soft and juicy. Afterwards, don't forget to use the delish bacon bread to soak up the rest of the juices.I ordered the scallops... which had me at salted caramel reduction. :)  Probably one of the best scallop dishes I have had. Ever.Thank you Sage for a great dining experience!
5	Sage is an absolutely outstanding restaurant - a couple of misses almost inclined me to go 4-stars, but after much thought, I realized the hits where so phenomenal, I'd be remiss to deduct a star.First off, the starters:-Foie Gras Custard Brulee - Wow. One of the most unique dishes I've had, and absolutely fantastic. -Grilled Octopus - excellent and worth getting - nice flavor and perfectly cooked-Roasted Wild Mushrooms - Holy WOW. Maybe I was most impressed with this because it seemed least wowable when we ordered it, but I can't put into words how delicious this dish was.  Best mushroom dish of any kind I've ever had anywhere. I convinced my sister, who hates mushrooms, to try a bite and her eyes lit up and she said "that's amazing."Mains-Pork Loin - Wow again. Definitely one of the best pork dishes I've ever had.  Even the greens were so good I turned to my fiance and said "you have to try these." Don't try to picture this dish - it's nothing like you would expect. And it will exceed your expectations. -Braised short rib - the short rib itself was delicious, but the pickled cauliflower on this dish was a bad miss. Kind of bizarre actually - all 4 of us tried it, and none of us liked it, and it just did not work on the plate at all.  This is reason one I contemplated 4 stars. It's hard for me to give 5 stars with such a big miss.-Crab Ravioli - my sister (a picky eater) ordered this and didn't like it. I will say, it had a very unique flavor (unlike any flavor profile I've ever had with a pasta), and I could see a lot of folks not caring for it, but I liked it OK - not enough to order it, but enough that I ate several bites of hers!  The crab was extremely fresh.  But definitely not a 5-star dish, and reason two I contemplated 4 stars overall.Otherwise, I liked the atmosphere, and the service was OK (not as good as I expect from a restaurant of this caliber, but not bad).  I will definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Sage is absolutely, hands down the best restaurant I have eaten at in Las Vegas.  Did the Chef's tasting Menu with Wine Pairings.  Everything went together so well.  The Foi Gras Custard Brulee is nothing short of exceptional.  The day Boat Scallops Were cooked perfectly.  The Desert was the perfect combination of sugar and spice.  If you are going to spend some money on a good meal skip the steakhouse and try this place.  You'll be glad you did!
5	Hubby and I came here after watching jabawockees (awesome show btw) and had the signature tasting menu ($89pp) & a bottle of wine.  Definitely one of the most memorable meals we've had.  The ambiance is outstanding.  Dark, sexy, and sophisticated, which is how I felt that night.  A run-down of the dishes--   Wagyu beef tartare: Our favorite dish of the night! It was a perfectly balanced dish that we couldn't get enough of.  Creamy and rich atop perfectly toasted bread.-  Market oysters:  This was also delicious, although it's hard to mess up fresh oysters on the shell.  The garnish added a nice kick.-  Grilled octopus: Relative to the other dishes, this was just mehh.  Although that's not really fair because the other dishes were just so good.-  Maine dayboat scallops:  WOW this was probably one of the best scallop dishes we've had!  Usually I find cooked scallops to be over/under-seasoned or over/under-seared.  This one was just right.-  48 beef belly:  This was everything a beef belly should be.  Decadent, fatty, melts in your mouth.  -  Australian wagyu sirloin:  This was an additional $15 upgrade of the tasting menu. Not disappointed.  The sirloin was cooked and seasoned perfectly. -  Green Apple mousse:  This was actually on the chef's tasting menu, but they let me switch the dessert at no extra cost.  Very interesting dessert (w/ peanut butter and celery) that took my palette on a sweet/salty adventure.  I'm a fan. -  Pistachio tart:  I think this was pretty good (I had a little too much wine at this point hehe)2 tasting menus (with australian wagyu) plus a bottle of wine, tip, tax- all under $300.  Not to mention the food was delicious.  Sage is definitely return-trip-worthy!
4	love this placei was somewhat sick when i went so my stomach hates me for not being a bigger food whore when i went. however i was in rome so i had to do my best to be a romanthe farm poached egg appetizer with truffles is STELLAR. loved it. the chix entree was great and sous videthe grilled octopus salad was great but if i could do it over i'd get the pear salad. i wish the octopus was charred a bit more but that could be changing the dish completelyservice was stellar and 5 stars. kitchen was sending lots of great stuff.decor is gorgeousone friend got the veal which was phenom as wellORDER: WaitressJEANS: OK but dont show up in a t shirt or shorts or flippers.
5	Once a month, a few friends and I get together to dine at a nice restaurant. Sage has been on our list for a long time. Three of us got there early and spent some time at the bar. The signature cocktails are innovative and fresh. Most of the ingredients are not your conventional elements and mixed well. Personally, I like the Moscow Mule. Served in the traditional copper mug, the blend of lime, ginger beer, and vodka hit the spot. James, our server, was beyond amazing. We started off with a glass of champagne. We found out that any full bottle of champagne or wine under $500 is half off. That is dangerous, because it lead to five bottles being consumed throughout dinner. It is a great deal for locals and a great way to get people to come back. The best appetizers are the oysters with aged tequila mignonette and a Tabasco sorbet, roasted sweetbreads, and frois gras creme brulee. The wagyu beef tartare was decent. Nothing amazing or unique. The ones we could have done without were the octopus, yellowtail, and the brussel sprouts salad. The greens had too much of a bacon flavor. I never would have thought I'd be the one to say that. Normally bacon is the solution to all of life's problems. In this case, the smokiness was overbearing. Two different places have taught me that yellowtail is not to be ordered outside of sushi restaurants. As for entrees, the veal cheeks and NY strip were melt in your mouth buttery goodness. The side of creamed potatoes were irresistible. The tile fish was not worth getting. I would suggest getting something else. Both of the pastas are impressive. The raviolis had large pieces of king crab meat on each stuffed pocket. The cavatelli had a generous amount of shaved truffles on it. The toasted pine nuts add a textural component to the dish that was complimentary. We were told that every dish was rich and heavy. By the end, I was done for. If death was at my door, I would gladly go. Desserts are Sage's weak point. The sweet potato sundae was the best offering. Otherwise the other three desserts we ordered were forgettable. Skip dessert and just order another entree. Otherwise go to Jean Philippe Patisserie.
5	Thanksgiving in Las Vegas was starting to become a tradition for us. 2 years ago we decided last minute to dine at Nobhill, one of Micheal Mina's restaurants, and we were disappointed. So this year I wanted to make sure I found a restaurant that would be absolutely delicious but I didn't want to get my hopes up. Sage was magnificent. Our server was great. She was able to describe every dish we had questions about. The fois gras brulee was one of the most amazing things I have ever tasted. Our server said she often has dreams about it and she's right, I do dream about it.
4	Ate here last week for a business meeting, so it was a couple of less than classy gentlemen having a classy dinner. Food was great all around - but given the price it better be. The farm poached egg and truffles was really interesting, and the strip steak was damn tasty. This place definitely matched the price point, would go back next time I'm in the dusty gamble-hole known as Las Vegas.Minus a star for the service, the wine nerd was pretty unhelpful and our main server was nowhere to be found at the end of the meal.
2	We ordered the 4 course menu and I wasn't impressed.  scallops came with some sand.  beef belly would have been much better as pork belly and a tad more flavor.  olive ice cream came out half melted.  boo =(on a bright note - the poached organic egg was pretty good and EVERYONE loved the foie gras.
4	After securing our reservation for a party of 5 on Thankgiving evening, I was very excited to finally get to try Sage. Talk about deceiving-- from the front, near the Aria lobby, the restaurant looks as if it will be very small and quaint inside. UH, NO. Being led into the main dining area, be prepared to be whisked away into a palatial-style room, complete with high ceilings, pillars, dim lighting, and purple and yellow-gold notes of light characterizing most of the room. I give 5 big stars for the superb ambiance and atmosphere! TIP: If you consider yourself a true "foodie," this will be your heaven; most, if not all, of our dishes were notably unique (and sometimes "too" unique...I'll get to that later). Service seemed to lag a bit at first, but picked up as the night went on. Bread choices were brought around the room by the waitstaff; that night's options were a sourdough and a country white bread of some sort. While good, it was not very memorable (I tend to obsess about the bread at upper-scale restaurants...love me some carbs!) Warning/TIP: The chef seems to have some kind of fetish/fixation with gelatin-izing several accompaniments to dishes (and even some dishes as a whole, like our dessert). Here we go. ::Food:: *Starters:--Sashimi of Yellowtail ($21): Absolutely delectable, melt-in-your-mouth yellowtail. This starter was accompanied with delicious smoked apple puree and some squash. The cons? Baby portions. My dad and I split this item and we each got about two bites of the sashimi. --Roasted Pumpkin Soup ($16): The best I've ever had at a restaurant. Very simple yet complex flavors (oxymoron, whatever) overcame my senses with every bite. Like other high-class establishments, they first brought out a bowl with just a few pieces of solid food; here, there were mini-raviolis and a scatter of vegetables, I believe. They they proceeded to bring a silver pitcher filled with the soup and filled each bowl. Very nice presentation. Unfortunately, I don't think they have this item anymore (a shame, as it was perhaps the most memorable part). --Roasted Wild Mushrooms ($21): I mean...it's what you would expect. I, however, am very partial to different varieties of mushrooms and these were fantastic. The dish was complete with pine nuts and a few greens. *Main Dishes: --Grilled American Kobe Skirt Steak ($51): PLEASE GET THIS! What a delightful surprise. Our waitress recommended this over the other meat option (NY Strip) with the advice that "the NY Strip you can get anywhere else, but the skirt steak is unlike anything else you will ever have anywhere else." ...Okaaayyy, we're sold. When I first read that it was skirt steak, I was a little skeptical; I've never had much luck with it. This steak was almost like that of a prime bone-in filet: tender, can essentially be cut with a fork, and has loads of flavor like a NY or even ribeye. Once again, the accompaniments were very intriguing, but still tasty. The crispy sweet potato puree was really like little fried balls of smooth sweet potato. The whole table loved them, but there was a spice in it that I wasn't particularly fond of. It also came served with a honey-roasted radicchio and a pecan type of glaze. Bravo on this one, Sage. --Morro Bay Black Cod ($43): Another stunning winner. I enjoy black cod because of its mild flavor, and this one was no different. So smooth! Tip...if you're with some..er, older citizens who might not be able to chew very well, take the initiative and order them this dish. We seriously didn't even have to chew the fish, it just fell apart and disintegrated in our mouths (okay maybe not that far..but you know what I mean). Aaaaand, enter the gelatinous food stage. Alongside the fish was a strip of yellow, omelette colored "gunk" of sorts. This was our first encounter with the aforementioned gelatin-textured food. This yellow rectangle was a sweet pumpkin puree of sorts, and was actually pretty good. Just an odd texture that confused my taste buds and mouth? In addition, the pancetta gave the fish a nice kick of salt, and don't forget the smoked green grapes! Incredibly unique for such a simple concept.  *Dessert--Gingerbread Cremeux ($12): Strange. Strange. STRANGE. This is really what cemented in my mind the idea of the chef slaving over making every dish have some kind of gelatinous element. THIS WAS ALL GELATINOUS. I know it might sound kind of bratty, but this was just a huge fail, in my opinion. It was like a harder version of shaped pudding, in a ribbon the width of a fettuccine noodle. Uhhh.Final disappointment: Our family friend and I got their french press coffee at the end (very good coffee), and my mom asked for a small cup because she just wanted to taste it. There was maybe 2 oz. left in the press. They still charged her for the cup ($5!). I'm sorry, but nickle-and-dime-ing a table at a restaurant of this caliber is pathetic. Overall, Sage is definitely worth a try! Especially for foodies.
5	***This is only for the cocktails at the bar.***The girlfriend and I had heard good things about the cocktails at Sage, so we decided to check it out on our last night in Vegas.  We had previously eaten at Sage a year prior and had been very impressed with the food, so we were optimistic that the drinks would be equally impressive.  We arrived right at opening, 5 pm, and sat at the long bar just inside the entrance into the restaurant.  Sage's bar was a dimly lit, high-ceilinged, classy, retro/art deco looking space.  We were greeted by Brad, one of the highly knowledgeable and skilled bartenders on duty, who took care of our cocktail needs with personable and attentive service.Having climbed, fully and enthusiastically, onto the barrel-aged cocktail bandwagon, I ordered the Empire State ($16), Sage's clever twist on the classic Manhattan, made with Hudson Rye Whiskey, Root liqueur, Punt e Mes sweet vermouth, Angostura bitters, and aged in a Hudson whiskey barrel.  It was boozy, yet silky smooth, offering a very nice change of pace to an already perfect classic.  While it wasn't an inexpensive drink, it was worth every sip.  For my second round, I had the Half Baked ($16) made with Boulard VSOP Calvados, Willett Rye, Germain Robin Absinthe, and Baked Apple bitters. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f9sU31meK0bqAD7922sCog?userid=le3Xn9Mheb1hNxWurF7RSw#iHpD3jnwRXfgzsMg03OkQA  Another boozy drink, it was intriguing in its complexity but nicely balanced.  It was another winner in my book.  While Sage isn't the cheapest place for drinks, I've paid more for much, much less than what I received in terms of the quality of ingredients, drink concept, and bartender execution.  Not surprisingly, Sage delivered the goods in the cocktail department!
5	This was my second time at Sage, and both times it was a remarkable experience. I came here with a friend for my birthday, and it was an awesome way to kick off a new year. My favorite characteristics of this place are:--secluded from the Aria casino floor--great lighting and decor--4 course tasting menu for $89 is the perfect amount of food--great wine listI am definitely a food snob, and the creativity and lovely presentation of each dish at Sage has completely spoiled me. Do not miss the Waygu tartare (an immaculately executed version of a classic) or the pork medallions. This place is my favorite prix fixe option in Vegas!
5	Sage is in Aria. The restaurant has a geat trendy decor and atmosphere. All servers are enthusiastic and there to please. Food off the charts good.
5	My husband came to eat here for a romantic evening before heading out to the O show. First off, the staff there was amazing! The waiter catered to us, let me try the wine when I wasn't sure about it, was very imformated about the dishes and he also wished me a great birthday throughout the evening. The food was mouth watering and the bread was soo good, bacon in the bread! At the end of the meal I was too full to eat dessert but the waiter would not let me leave without both of us trying a sample of this amazing hazelnut hot chocolate. This was a great experience all around, thank  you Sage!
5	Came for dinner before the 9:30 Zarkana show.  The interior lighting is dimly-lit which gives the restaurant a romantic ambiance :]  Ordered the 4 course Chef's tasting menu ($89) with wine pairing ($44).  Not bad for the price at all!!! The presentation of each dish was exquisite (see pictures) and everything was perfect :] Left with a full tummy too! Sourdough/bacon bread served with sea salt and butter * Pear Salad - 5/5* Oysters with Tobasco sorbet - 5/5 (A MUST TRY)* Wagyu Beef Tartare w/ bread - 4.5/5 (a bit heavier than I expected)* Jumbo Scallops - 4/5 * Grilled Octopus with smoked potato puree- 5/5* 48 hour Beef Belly with sweet potato puree-5/5 * Iberico Pork Loin- 4.5/5 * Olive Oil ice cream- 5/5 (SO GOOD with the wine pairing) * Green Apple Mousse (Substitution)- 4/5 * White Chocolate Soup - 5/5 (PERFECT way to cleanse our palette after an amazing meal :])
3	Unlike most people, I thought this was just ok and didn't blow my mind.  I got the tasting menu.  - Market oyster.  I think they said it was a kumamoto, but I'm not entirely sure.  It had piquilo pepper, Tabasco sorbet, and aged tequila Mignonette.  It tasted pretty good.  Excellent start for the night.- Chilled main lobster with a pumpkin flan, smoked apple, and a pecan-brown butter vinaigrette.  The lobster was pretty good.  It was soft and sweet.  Coupled with the flan and smoked apple, it was pretty delicious for the cold appetizer.- Fois gras brulee.  Way too salty and was borderline difficult to eat- Pan roasted sea scallop with jamon iberico, chopped romesco, and a creamy cauliflower sauce.  The scallops were cooked perfectly and were very tender.  Coupled with the different ingredients, you basically tasted scallop with some sweet kick to it.  So far, this was my favorite even though it wasn't that memorable.- Herb crusted lamb saddle with roasted sweetbreads, Thomcord grape, and Chanterelle mushroom.  The lamb was pretty good with the herb crust on top.  It was cooked rare, so the meat was soft and very tender.- 48 hour beef belly with caraway spiced heirloom squash and roasted quince.  If you've ever had braised beef in some type of reduction sauce, this is basically it with one exception.  The beef belly was VERY heavy in fat and flavor.  What I mean by this is that it's literally like eating a spoonful of roasted bone marrow with some strands of meat in it.  The beef belly was very tender, but it was just extremely fatty and rich.- Green apple mousse with peanut butter cream, celery leaf, and autumn spice.  The green apple mousse reminded me of almond tofu in some ways.  I didn't really taste the green apple flavor that much for some reason.  There were some marshmallows that have been singed to the plate.  The peanut butter cream was a decent complement to the mousse though, but I found the celery leaves added absolutely nothing to the taste other than making the plate look nice.  The peanut butter cream was very powerful and was similar to eating caramel just with peanut flavors.  The long stick is some type of candy that cracks like a hollowed thin candy cane.  This dessert was just ok.Out of everything I've had, I'd have to say my favorites were probably the pan roasted sea scallop and the herb crusted lamb saddle.  The fois gras brulee and 48 hour beef belly was slightly too rich for me for a 6 course meal.  The chilled main lobster was just ok, and the green apple mousse dessert was also just ok.
5	Had the six-course tasting menu with the wine pairing and the meal that we brought was art on a plate.  Each course and wine pairing was carefully chosen to entertain and surprise.  The service was perfect with the timing of the meal appropriately spaced out without leaving too much time between courses or rushing the next plate and wine.  I have had several similar tasting menu experiences in NYC and found this one to be every bit as good at a cost significantly less than what I would have spent in NYC.
5	What an incredible restaurant!  I'll remember my dinner here for many years to come.  It was an incredible experience.  The food, the cocktails, the ambiance, and the service were all top notch.
5	December 15, 2012.  An excellent restaurant and dining experience.  We chose the tasting menu with wine pairing - they also offer beer pairing!  All courses were excellent, service was perfect.  Would really like to return and try the same menu with beer pairing.  Highly recommend.
5	YUM! came here for dinner and tried the 4-course tasting menu for $89/person. very good deal for the price! hubby's absolute fave was the wagyu beef tartare- he would've picked up the plate and licked it if he could. and i loved the scallops. PERFECT texture, cooked to perfection. the atmosphere is not stuffy but you do feel like you're dining at a nice, classy place. service is excellent and we will definitely return next time we're in vegas!
5	The Vegas Strip is full of fine dining establishments and other good restaurants, but I have to say that Sage is probably the perfect place to start off the night with a little bit of class. While I'm pretty used to fine dining in NYC, upscale dining in Vegas really is a totally different animal. Everything is brighter, glitzier and more glamorous. And dare I say, more expensive?If there is one place to get a little fancy while you're in Vegas, however, Sage is the place. First of all, I love its location in the Aria (since I always stay at the Aria now whenever I visit Vegas), which basically makes it a lot more modern and newer than some older restaurants in the other casino hotels. The bf and I had a reservation for 8pm Friday night, which seemed like the prime time to come. The dining room was lively, yet not overly noisy or crowded at all. The high ceilings and large spacing between the tables also makes for a more romantic setting - which I definitely enjoyed. Everything we had to eat was delicious and perfectly executed. The famed foie gras custard brulee really is everything it's hyped up to be, a must order. I loved the creamy, almost-whipped texture of the foie custard underneath the sweet brulee shell that was just begging to be cracked with the back of my spoon. The pear mostarda that came atop the custard brulee provided a nice acidity, and left me yearning for more. While the dish is quite dainty, the richness and decadence makes it very shareable; the bf and I were definitely glad we shared it, because with the buttery brioche and foie custard itself, I really don't think either of us could have conquered it alone. The gold pear and shaved brussels sprouts salad I had was great as well, surprisingly hearty and savory with the addition of macadamia nuts and a bacon mustard vinaigrette. Raw brussels can be a little hard to pull off, but I absolutely love it when it's done right - and Sage definitely did it right. Another impressive dish of the night was the braised veal cheeks the bf ordered, served with honey roasted carrots, glazed cippolini onions and smoked polenta. The braised veal cheeks were the most fall-apart tender and buttery piece of meat either of us have ever tasted. So impossibly tender that the bf could have smeared it on toast as meat butter - which I'm afraid he secretly wanted to try at home. Sage also has an impressive wine selection, and our wonderful server was more than helpful to recommend a nice bottle of red to pair with our meal. Everything from the ambiance, to the food, down to the attentive and genuinely warm service here totally wooed me. I only wish that I hadn't lost money at the casino right outside - so that I could have had a second dinner at Sage instead.
3	On our quest to find the perfect Strip eats we were once again sadly disappointed. Sage has all the makings of the perfect Vegas dining establishment. Large and swanky- just walking in makes you feel way cooler than you are. Service is spot on and the wine list is appropriately way over priced (we are definitely dining on the Strip). The problem lay with the food itself.We started with the beef tartare (definitely missing the worcestershire), the oysters (the mignonette accompanying these tasty little morsels was perfection), a frisee salad (which was overdressed and had way too much bacon- is too much bacon ever a bad thing?- In this case it was), and sweetbreads (the best thing we ate)..For the main course I had the duck and was dismayed to note that it was unevenly cooked. Some slices were undercooked making the meat tough and chewy. Undercooked duck verges on inedible duck. If you're in this swanky of a place the meat should be cooked to perfection. My mother in law had a pasta topped with crab and stuffed with fennel. Sounds amazing- right? Nope serious salt OD. Our other dining mates had scallops and a New York strip steak (and were both licking their plates clean). Hmm maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. As for dessert- I have a huge glutinous sweet tooth and often eagerly look forward to the end of the meal. The caramelized layer cake is probably one of the worse desserts I've had in recent memory. Super dried out with random bits of panna cotta and ice cream decorated around the plate. Looked pretty, tasted awful. Sadly Sage is being added to an ever growing list of overpriced mediocre eats on the Strip.
5	Decided to go to Vegas this year for Christmas and ended up at Aria (great hotel) and the time came for suppa so made reservations to Sage Christmas day. We get walked to our table and dayum this restaurant is huge! Must have taken 15 minutes to get to our table at the very back of the place (okay maybe not 15 but you get the idea). It's a great all around restaurant from decor to lighting to the menu and drink options and, of course, the grub. We decided to go with the Chef's tasting menu (what the heck it's Christmas right?) and from the amuse buse to the dessert this was one delicious meal! I won't go into specifics as I'm sure it gets changed as much as every night but these were some of the tastiest plates I've had. Some that come to mind are the Wagyu Beef Tartare which not only started with some great beef but also added a Caper Aioli (anything with Capers for me is halfway there) and the crispy chocolate got me all the way there and beyond. The braised short rib with a bone marrow crostini on top was so rich that I'm sure an artery got blocked that night. On top of that it was as tasty as tasty gets. Our waiter seemed a bit arrogant initially but it may have been the setting as when the wife left for the ladies room for the second time (she has the bladder of a squirrel) he and I got to talk a bit and he was really a cool and laid back dude that recommended some other nice places to grub the next time we came back to LV.  By the way this place has a great selection of not only wines but some very good beers. For me being able to chose from more than one IPA on the menu (when you aren't a pub) scores a 10 in my book. Actually, just OFFERING an IPA on the menu is better than most places. Overall I would come back here not only for the food but the beer, wine and good service.
5	Regarding my own meal: My Sea bass had very flavorful leeks with it (absolutely delicious), but the fish itself was bland, bland, bland. Wine pairings were all very good, from the Chablis to the Oregon Pinot Noir that the sommelier will go to heaven for choosing. Dessert came in a fountain (6 different desserts for 6 different people) and every single one was absolute bliss.
4	Yelp works!  Who knew?I was looking for a nice restaurant to have dinner with my lovely lady before a show.  I wanted to find a nice, adult restaurant for a date night diner and stumbled across Sage on, who would have guessed it, Yelp.  I trusted the Yelpers reviews and was beyond pleased with their reviews and recommendations.  Sage is an amazing restaurant with fantastic food, that I believe is overshadowed by other, newer "it" spots to dine.
5	We're S.F. Bay Area Foodies (Jan 2, 2013)Best  kept secret:Pre fixe theater menu (5 pm - 7pm)  $ 49 person, Wine or Beer Paring  $ 39).We had the wine pairing (generous pour).  Best value in Vegas  $ 90 @ person.Soup (Pumpkin) or Salad (Shaved Brussels Sprouts)Choice of one:Organic ChickenTitle FishFlat Iron SteakDessert: Caramelized Layer CakeThe Staff, Chef ... Excellent Service, Chef and Kitchen pays attention to every dish.Flat Iron Steak was as order Medium Rare. Who would have thought that I loved the shaved Brussels Sprouts Salad (I hate Brussels Sprouts).  The Fish Pan Roast withhad a nice seared skin and was moist.  The best surprised entree was the OrganicChicken that was vacuumed packed and cooked in water .... so moist and tender witha truffle sauce.  The de constructed layer cake with ice cream was a work of art.Added bonus ... White Chocolate Soup... Hot ... first slip we were in Heaven !!!We will be back !!!
5	Very elegant classy restaurant with very good service and professional staff and great tasty food. We ordered a lot of food from the menu and they were all excellent quality. I was super excited about the foie gras. The dessert was the best part of the meal. We got the apple tart and it was not what we expected at all in an amazing way. Not only it was absolutely delicious and you couldn't get enough of it, it was also a very beautiful plate just to look at and take photos of.We were very happy with the overall experience and would go back for sure.
5	Came in here last week after losing my paycheck.  The only thing that woulda made me smile was some good food.  Let's just say I left this place with a smile on my face. :)
5	Came here for a team dinner with my manager and co-workers.  DELICIOUS!! Food was absolutely amazing and the service was impeccable.  Cocktails are so unique and dangerous!  And the chefs small dishes he sent out were to DIE FOR!!  The ambiance was very intimate for the group, but we definately didn't feel like people were on top of us, in fact the other tables were nicely spaced out so you weren't being spied on :)
5	Being at the whim of those at the table and our schedules, we were unable to do the chef's tasting menu or the Absinthe service, but my experience with the two-course dinner I did do definitely has me wanting to try the chef-creative experience.My wagyu short ribs were nothing short of superlative and a great reminder of how great good food can be. I also sampled the risotto, and the meyer lemon taste was amazing.Service was professional but not stuffy. Would definitely go back
5	What a fantastic place. The room is opulent and elegant with a great energy, but still manages to feel relaxing at the same time. It's hard to describe the menu--I'd call it creative, eclectic Continental with a decidedly American sensibility. Standout dishes included the foie gras brulee and the octopus salad with apples, tiny mushrooms, almonds, and pecans. It was a mix of lots of flavors, but they all worked miraculously together. I've been here three times and we've dined at the bar each time. This place must have just about the best bar staff in town, because they've always been chatty, informative, and terrific with their liqours. On the most recent trip, we even got to see an absinthe service demonstration. I wouldn't hesitate to make this a destination dinner for your Vegas trip.
5	Wonderful service- our waiter was attentive and personable. I definitely felt important and like a valued customer. The ambiance was great, we didn't make our reservation til a day before we went, so we had to arrive on the early side. At that time the dining room was pretty empty, but by the time we finished it was nearly full. However, it never felt crowded (except towards the end when a group of 6 rambunctious business men sat next to us) the dining room is spacious with high ceilings and the seats were all comfortable than standard dining chairs. My only complaint is that the table was really wide- I felt a mile away from my date! And since the service consisted of all small courses (never family style), this didn't seem necessary.Ok- here is the real scoop:The food was DELICIOUS. My bf brought me here for a recent celebratory dinner, and we each got the smaller tasting menu ($89/person).We diverged on each course except the second  (scallops! absolutely the best dish of the night!) which was nice to get to try most everythingThe highlights for me were definitely the scallops, the pork loin entree and the beautiful desserts. Neither was overly sweet, each had a savory element, but both were decadent and delicious. This was an amazing dinner and I would LOVE to come back again for another special occasion (well, I would love to come back much more often than that, but with drinks, the bill was $250 for the two of us, so definitely not an every day meal!) I highly recommend
4	Great food and wine list. Somewhat overpriced, but it'll be an excellent dining experience. The service was great, and our dinners were fantastic. Overall, the prices are not good, but the chef really knows what they're doing. If you just want the same dishes you can get at any restaurant, this is not the place. If you want an original dish, or something weird, Sage really excels.
5	Delighted with the chef's four course tasting menu - the Maine Day Boat Scallops were amazing- the waiter, "Bond" was cheerful and pleasant, the ambiance was exciting and the overall experience was a "10". We were in awe of the nine billion dollar complex which houses Aria and the Mandarin Oriental.
5	In my top three dining experiences!  Had the 36 hour short rib, which was to die for!  Tasted the risotto which was light? And tasty!  The tables are not right on top of one another, so you can enjoy your company.  The service was on point but not over bearing.  Desserts were also lovely.  Top to bottom Sage is a stand out among many in Vegas.  I will be back!
5	Easily my favorite place to dine in Las Vegas!  Gorgeous room, terrific bar and cocktail program, fantastic and creative food, and absolutely the best service!  The same server took care of us about about a year ago...and upon our return he remembered what we'd had before...unbelievable!  6 stars if I could!
1	Don't believe the hype! We went to Sage on a Saturday night to celebrate my wife's birthday. We chose Sage because the reviews were so high...my were they misleading. It was a comedy of errors from the minute we walked in. We ordered a pear and brussel sprouts salad, they brought us a beet salad. We let them know and they corrected it. Fair enough, everybody makes mistakes, we weren't that concerned about it. But that was only the beginning. They offered us a choice in bread - I opted to be adventurous and try their bacon bread. Disgusting, to say the least. It was extremely salty and near vomit-inducing. When it came time to order, I asked the bartender what he recommended (clearly I wasn't making good decisions on my own). He highly recommended the scallops, said there was no way I could be disappointed in them. I trusted his recommendation and went with that. They showed up on the table looking tremendous...very well presented. I started to think "maybe we're turning a corner here"...WRONG. I ate my first bite and tasted something crunchy...thought maybe a piece of shell or sand snuck in...no big deal. But nearly every bite had the same something crunchy going on. I asked our server about it, he said scallops don't have shells...possibly it was sand but that had never happened before. I offered him a bite but he politely declined...I still don't know how it "never happening before" was in the least bit relevant. Anyways, he did take them back and asked if I wanted something else in stead. By this point I was done with the place, no chance of that. Finally they brought the bill. They had removed the charge for the scallops but had managed to charge us not only for our pear/sprouts salad that we ordered, but also the beet salad that we didn't. Good thing I didn't trust them enough to just pay the bill without checking it first. When I brought it to their attention they removed the charge, but one has to wonder in a place like Vegas how many customers miss that. After all of this I requested to speak to the manager to give them feedback on the utter disappointment we had experienced. We gave our feedback to a girl up front, she went to tell the general manager, and not surprisingly the GM wasn't interested in talking to us. With leadership like that, is it any surprise that the organization is a failure?
5	First night in Vegas and my friends and I decided on Sage. Most definitely a great choice!! Upon first stepping foot in the restaurant I was blown away by the high ceilings, and dim lighting...very sexy chic...very Veags. Our watier was very attentive and offered drink and food suggestions. In the end, I ordered the taylor gold pear and shaved brussels sprouts and the braised veal cheeks. Both dishes were beyond excellent. The veal melted in my mouth and with a combination of polenta the dish was perfect. The portion sizes were just right I wasn't stuffed by the time we left and even had room for a few drinks. Even though the meal was on the expensive side I would definitely say it was worth the money for anyone looking to have a fantastic meal in Vegas.
5	Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. There really aren't any words to describe how excellent Sage is. I give it six stars, how's that for wow? I have been here twice for dinner, once during Restaurant Week when it first opened (best decision ever) and then for my husband's birthday. Both times the food and service were beyond spectacular. The restaurant interior is impeccably decorated and provides the experience of a luxurious yet inviting restaurant. For appetizers I have tried the steak tartare and roasted pumpkin soup, both really, really good. The pear and brussel sprouts salad with red endives in a bacon mustard vinaigrette, the wagyu short rib with an interesting horseradish potato puree and the ochicken were all excellent. For dessert I have tried a fruit tart-type of thing, the pineapple mousse and gelato. The cocktails are excellent as well. I can't recall exactly what I drank but it had pine nuts in it, VERY INTERESTING. It wa super delicious, I highly recommend it. Sage has been, without a doubt, one of my best dining experiences I've had in this city.
5	Loved it - and it doesn't HAVE to break the bank.The sleekness starts at the entrance, when you walk in between see-through floor-to-ceiling wine coolers. This "door" is the only thing you see from the casino floor, so the restaurant feels a little hidden. The dining area is modern and quiet (but not awkwardly so).Our service was excellent from the hostess to the waiter to the bussers, and everyone was very knowledgeable when it came to the menu. The waiter suggested a virgin Moscow Mule for my pregnancy cocktail and the Empire State for my husband, who was interested in a rye cocktail. Both were spot-on. For dinner, I got the pre-theatre menu, which I recommend to everyone. It's $49 for 3 courses (bargain), but only available from 5-7pm. I selected the pear & brussel sprout salad, the tilefish, and the pineapple mousse dessert. My husband went with the a la carte menu (not bargain) and got a mushroom salad (~$20) and the skirt steak (~$50). We also shared the beef tongue appetizer. I have never tried beef tongue and have always been apprehensive about biting into something that seems so chewy and just weird, but I was so glad we got this. The meat was served in little cubes with rye toast, celery, and white beans, and was awesome. I could have eaten twice as much. If you're waffling on trying tongue, this is an excellent way to start! Both of our salads were delicious - the brussel sprout/bacon/pear combination tasted great, but seemed kind of standard. The mushroom salad, on the other hand, was really unique. The mushrooms were so hearty, they actually tasted like meat! And there were so many different mushrooms, all with different tastes. The skirt steak was awesome, served in a sweet-ish sauce with these fried sweet potato ball things, which were also awesome. The disappointment of the night was probably the tilefish - it was good and all, just not anything to wow me. I guess they probably did all you can do with tilefish. The dessert, however, was incredible. The plate had pineapple mousse, little bites of pineapple cake, pineapple ice cream, and actual pineapples! Oh yeah, drizzled with some kind of pineapple-y sauce. Don't be scared, though, it wasn't overpowering at all, just delicious! I wished I could have sat and slowly savored each little bite, but I had to hurry a little to make it to the show on time!I had been saving Sage as a special-occasion, expensive kind of night out, but it doesn't have to be. If you come in early for the pre-theatre menu or just hit the bar for happy hour apps & drinks, you can get out for $150 for 2 people. Additional tip: all wine (ALL!) is half off for locals on week nights!
4	Our food was amazing.  We had salads, seafood, pasta and beef.  Our server was a pretentious ass.  Otherwise this would be a 5 star review.  Please instruct your servers if the customer orders a merlot with a seafood / pasta / beef order,  do  not correct the wine choice to Pinot or such.  Seriously, I am not an idiot, I know precisely what I want. I also know the range of palates dining with me.  I have previously experienced the wines I am choosing between, and I am making an informed choice. It is insulting.
4	Love this place!  Fantastic food you can get in Vegas without breaking the bank! Not to mention they have one of the most authentic and delicate absinthe station for your personal enjoyment ;)
1	I do not like being one of those 'one star reviewers', but I really was not impressed with Sage. Just another over the top fancy place without a memorable impression. (I'm very familiar with the industry and culinary arts, both have been a passion)Went for my birthday-- terribly terribly over priced for the experience-Atmosphere = stuffy and non existent. Food taste = trying too hard to be rich and fancy, each bite probably contained 5 spoons of butter.My date and I spent over  $400 on tequila shots and wine but barely touched our food, whole entrees went to garbage (or hopefully some enthused servers belly). I feel like the server and som were all over us because we ordered a lot and we were very funny. If that had not been the case, I get the impression that they would seldom come around. I eat out a lot... 4-5 times a week, and have no problem blowing serious cash on a great restaurant experience. I really don't think I will be back here, sorry guys.
2	We made a Valentine's Day reservation at Sage while in Vegas.  We were very excited based to go but left very disappointed. Neither me nor my boyfriend got the prixe fixe Valentine's menu.  I had the braised Wagyu beef short ribs, which I was expecting to be excellent having just had the best wagyu beef porterhouse at Cut the night before.  Not so much....  I have never encountered braised short ribs that I could NOT pull apart with my fork.  When I cut them apart, they were not "marbled" but inundated with thick layers of fat, and no, it did not melt in my mouth.  There was barely any meat to my short ribs.  My boyfriend had the pork loin and he said it was only "so so".  The service was a little standoff-ish.  The items definitely overpriced.  Not worth it at all.
3	This service was not up to level that you expect for this type of highly priced restaurant.  The food was inconsistent.  My entree was great- I had the scallops- but my dining partner had the waygu beef and it was just ok. For $50 it should be better than ok.  The ambiance is just ok, music a little loud, seating is uncomfortable. Wine list is also not that interesting.  All in all it was just an ok experience.  For the prices, it should be a fantastic experience.
4	This place is good, but definitely only someplace I would visit when friends are in town.   We ate all the stuff that foodies would order.Foie Gras-GoodBraised Beef Tongue-Really goodWagyu Beef Tartare-AmazingGrilled Octopus-Really goodSweetbreads-Mhm different in a good wayBraised Veal Cheeks-GoodScallops-just like anywhere elseAbsinthe Blend-Nasty and I love to drinkThe place is affordable for the quality and the location...there you have it.
4	Lovely, trendy place that suits Vegas well--and with fantastic food! The lemon risotto here is a must-try if you like risottos (in case you can't tell from my other reviews, I like me some risotto). My boyfriend got one of the Absinthe drinks; they came out with a very fancy display and cooked the sugar on top of the glass and dribbled the absinthe in and it was a very Big Affair. The drink was really good too. And this is coming from someone who thinks Absinthe tastes like tires cooked in gasoline. Well done, Sage!Favorite dish: Lemon Risotto
4	The food was really great and the atmosphere was enjoyable.  The only reason I am docking it one star is because it took about 20 minutes for us to initially be greeted. I try to be open minded when it comes to service because I have worked in the service industry to eight years, but the rest of my party was very upset with the service.  The food was amazing!  I got the scallops and really enjoyed my dish.  I was also kind of surprised at the dessert menu.  They had a lot of interesting options, but they didn't have a staple dessert like a brownie or creme brulee.  With all of that being said, I would highly recommend Sage.  The food was great and we all had an enjoyable time.
5	Love love love their food. Really innovative in combining technique with different flavors. The stand outs are their kushi oysters with Tabasco sorbet and tequila mignonette, and poached egg with potato and truffles. They also have smaller portions of items at their bar if you don't want the whole dining room experience.But if you do want the entire experience, I highly suggest their $89 chef menu. You get a good menu with choices in each course. A must go if in Las Vegas.
5	Of all the five star high end restaurants in town, most disappoint me in one way or another. However, every once and awhile, you stumble across one that not only meets but exceeds your expectations in every way imaginable. From the service to the ambiance to the food, everything thoroughly surprised me. Mind you though, that all that fanciness doesn't come cheap but I am a huge believer in getting what you pay for. The last couple of times we have eaten here, service has been superb and the details never a miss. While the portions are generally on the smaller side and served a la carte, it does allow one to sample many things off the menu which is always a treat. However, the best way to get a little of everything without getting to full or breaking the proverbial bank is the tasting menu. I generally try and always take advantage of tasting menus when available because they truly allow you to sample a little bit of everything on the menu.
5	*review for 'early dinner' special*we were staying at Aria, had tickets for Zarkana, and it was raining outside.  "let's just eat somewhere in our hotel."  we originally had dinner reservations for Otto but then saw the 'early dinner' menu at Sage.  since we've already tried 3 of batali's restaurants (in LA and vegas), we decided to try something different.  and very happy we did.the early dinner special ($49/person), comes w/ a soup or salad, main course, and dessert.  my wife got the green garlic soup, which was creamy and delicious.  i got the green asparagus salad.  it was fresh and bright and also quite tasty.  there was just a perfect amount of dressing, a nice citrus burst of flavor.  oh, we also got fresh, warm, baked bread.  i had the bacon roll.  yum!  comes w/ herb butter and sea salt.  also got a little duck something or other, amuse bouche, which was ok.wifey then ordered the organic chicken dish, which came w/ truffle sausage and celery, and the most perfectly crisped chicken skin cracklin on top!  the chicken was very moist and flavorful.  and the truffle sausage was freakin tasty.  the dish had a brown sauce poured over everything, which tasted a lot like the sauce that came w/ my steak.i had the flat iron steak which comes w/ potato puree, miatake mushrooms, cippolini onions, and a glorious sauce over everything.  cooked a medium rare, the dish was phenomenal.  meat was tender, flavorful and perfectly cooked.  the tanginess of the onions bulbs went perfectly w/ everything.  and i love miatake mushrooms!  absolutely perfect dish.for dessert we each got the pineapple mouse w/ vanilla gelato.  outstanding dessert.service was good.  the servers were attentive and made sure we had everything we needed.  we'll definitely be back and maybe next time, try the full tasting menu.
5	DATE/TIME: August 20, 2012 // 10:00 PMPRICE: $70/person for Chef McCain's Signature Menu - 4 Courses (+$10 supplement for foie gras brulee) - Increased to $89 as of 3/15/13VALUE: A great deal. After a series of disappointing dining experiences at a few Michelin-starred restaurants, Sage was a pleasant surprise. AMBIANCE: Dimly lit. Romantic. Modern.CHANCE OF RETURNING: 80%___________________________________We were here for our 3 year anniversary, which we forgot to mention when we made reservations. To be able to taste a wider variety of dishes, my husband and I usually have a habit of ordering different dishes for each course and swapping plates. A few dishes that we both had trouble swapping include: foie gras brulee, dayboat scallops, beef belly.___________________________________:::: [ THE FOOD ] ::::* FOIE GRAS BRULEE (+$10) (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sage-las-vegas-2?select=vhHgJh_3RxC2PVTNyCTneQ#vhHgJh_3RxC2PVTNyCTneQ)              - [5/5 - This dish fully converted my husband into a foie gras lover. He couldn't get enough. SO rich, creamy and luscious. Well balanced blend of sweet and savory. Better than I expected.]* WAGYU BEEF TARTARE (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sage-las-vegas-2?select=vhHgJh_3RxC2PVTNyCTneQ#f7sseKdjnTYi_kBYb39-tw)              - [4.5/5 -  With crushed caper aioli, slow poached egg, and crispy chocolate. The slow poached yolk added a luxurious layer of richness to the dish.]* MAINE DAYBOAT SCALLOPS (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sage-las-vegas-2?select=vhHgJh_3RxC2PVTNyCTneQ#d20AT93H8ZElti4xGmjsxQ)              - [4.5/5 - With braised oxtail, wild mushrooms, and salted caramel reduction. Cooked to perfection, well paired with the oxtail.]* IBERICO PORK LOIN (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sage-las-vegas-2?select=vhHgJh_3RxC2PVTNyCTneQ#GKvaD5E9QvngdmyQ8zMuGA)              - [4/5 - With crispy pork shoulder, spaetzle, and creminelli mortadella.]* 48 HOUR BEEF BELLY (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sage-las-vegas-2?select=vhHgJh_3RxC2PVTNyCTneQ#sSlizHWPEnqLlzWvypWS1w)               - [4.5/5 - With grilled summer peach, sweet corn puree, and pickled ramp. Very tender.]* GIANDUJA PAVE (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sage-las-vegas-2?select=vhHgJh_3RxC2PVTNyCTneQ#32an46uyiXWARAKC8dO1MQ)              - [4.5/5 - With olive oil ice cream, hazelnut crunch, and basil jam.]* PISTACHIO TART (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sage-las-vegas-2?select=vhHgJh_3RxC2PVTNyCTneQ#e9L3_aLJyTpCEGevKeClwg)              - [4/5 - With sauteed strawberries, honeyed mascarpone, and strawberry-black pepper gelato..]
4	We ate here on a Friday evening and got the Signature Tasting menu with wine pairing. This is a 4 course meal and takes a little over an hour. First of all the food was excellent. It was not cheap but the tastes were unique and we felt like splurging for our special meal during our Vegas trip. We come to Vegas to take in the shows and eat, as we are not gamblers. When we got there on time for our early evening reservation I was disappointed we were seated by the bar area instead of in the back with most of the other diners. The ambiance from that location was not quite there. Nevertheless the food made up for it, as each course was excellent. My wife and I especially enjoyed the scallops in ox-tail sauce. I am taking off 1 star for the service. What kept this meal experience from being extraordinary was the aloofness of our server. He started off the evening on the wrong foot by being over assertive in his correction of my misinterpretation of the menu. Let's just say he was a bit jarring and awkward in his interaction when a light touch would have sufficed. During the rest of the meal I felt service was prompt and adequate, but never once did anyone inquire about how we were enjoying the food. It felt somewhat like an assembly line process. I understand it's Vegas and Sage is a high-volume restaurant, not an undiscovered gem. Still one should never be reminded of this. Would we eat here again? Maybe to try the Chef's tasting menu. But next time I would be asked to seat in the back room instead of by the bar. And I would cross my fingers for more personal service.
2	The food was great but this restaurant is definitely lacking in service.  Our head server was quite rude.  It seemed to be a huge inconvenience to him to separate the bill by couple. He made us write out who each menu item was to be charged to.  Not impressed.
1	What a tremendous disappointment! Our waiter blew us off after not ordering an expensive bottle of wine....we had to beg for more bread....no one bothered to ask our group how the meal was......the waiter showed up after the dishes were cleared......just a huge letdown....,I spoke to the manager while leaving and Marie seemed to have no reaction. We walked out and will never walk in again!!!!It was a business diner with clients and none of us were impressed.Take your money and your business to one of the 16 other places to eat at Aria!Pete G
2	I can not believe how underwhelmed I was by this place.  Perhaps my mistake was not doing the signature course meals. I didn't like what was being served on the 4 course meal (120 per person)  The place is super nice and the ambiance is great.  Servers/hostesses were all great but for what I paid for, I feel like I got totally jipped.  The portions are ridiculously tiny and NOT worth what you pay for.  King salmon sashimi - 18 ish dollars.  4 measily tiny pieces.  Seriously... FOURFoi Gras Brulee - 25 dollars - This was THE thing that was the saving grace to this restaurant.  I wanted to bathe in it it was so tasty.Me: Pork dish - crispy pork paired with another pork loin wrapped in bacon served with some kind of greens and carrots.  Sounds amazing right?  EHH WRONG. Crispy pork was good but not knock my socks off and take me to bed good.  It was just meh.  The pork loin wrapped in bacon was tough.  COME ON  I pay 40+ bucks for this meal and it's tough?  I can't even cut it with the knife you give me?  Give me a breakfriend: veal cheeks.  Those were tender served with some pickled veggies of some sort and a very creamy mashed potato type of thing.  That dish was pretty good but we weren't blown away by it.  Not to mention, the portion was super small.  I think that if we hadn't had buffet for lunch, we would have walked out of this still hungry and ticked off.  Last but not least... if I'm going to spend that kind of money on a place, I should expect to not feel rushed.  We were in and out of there in about 45 minutes.  Almost felt like they had the dishes waiting and mildly heated them up before everything came out.Blah... Totally underwhelmed.   Never going here again.
5	great service, great food! they have a foie gras brulee... delicious!
5	I had read some of the poor reviews below, and I was somewhat apprehensive about dining here.  In fact, I almost contemplated canceling my reservation, but I'm glad that I kept it as the food and service were exceptional.  We had heard that the specialty cocktails were tasty, so I ordered an Empire State...good but certainly not worth the Vegas price premium.  We did have the kumomoto oysters which featured a tabasco kick.  For our main course, we ordered the special:  Aged bone in Prime Ribeye steak for two which included the marrow.  It was sensational, and the presentation was equally good.Throughout the meal, our waiter and the accompanying staff were extremely attentive.  I don't believe our water ever got to half full.I would encourage those who are wavering to try Sage.Date:  March 30th, 7pm
3	Visited Sage on our honeymoon. It was a great treat. We had the chefs special menu, which was very impressive. Our server was very attentive, friendly and polite. We got to enjoy some absinthe after our meal too. I have to say though the legal version of absinthe has such a low level of wormwood that it is just a stiff alcoholic beverage (basically, I didn't see any green fairies)So, why 3 stars? The portions were very small and the prices a little too high. On this trip we visited some of the best restaurants Vegas had to offer and I have to say for $420 (after tax and tip) I don't feel like it exceeded some of it's rival restaurants which ended up costing almost half this amount.I will say this, we noticed that most people who were dining in there seemed like they were there on business. We noticed a lot more couples sitting at the bar area in the front. I guess the food and drinks would go down easier if you were putting on the company's tab :)We caught a show after dinner, when we left the show we were hungry again, so had to stop to grab a bite somewhere :(Overall, I might go back, but not for dinner. Maybe for drinks and appetizers.
4	I've been dying to try out Chef Shawn McClain's new restaurant... and when I found myself spontaneously going to Vegas for my spring break, I HAD to make a reservation for Sage. To be honest, I had really high expectations coming into this meal. I was definitely not disappointed. The food was delicious, portion size just right, and pricing not too bad for Vegas. I especially liked the amuse bouche, which was the perfect way to start the meal. I also loved the bread that came with the meal (very reminiscent of the bacon brioche that is served at Melisse in Los Angeles).For appetizers, I got the poached eggs with shaved truffles and country bread. Oh my god. I didn't know what country bread was until I ordered this... basically its super deep fried bread, aka. AMAZINGNESS!!!!!! I was afraid that the poach egg would be too simple, too plain, not impressive enough. BUT, instead, the flavors and texture of the poached egg complimented the umami taste of the truffles. Overall, this dish was just perfect. The oiliness of the bread was subdued by the soft creaminess of the poached egg yolk.We also ordered the foie gras creme brulee, since foie gras has been deemed illegal in Cali..... I've been so deprived of this fatty goodness. I was hesitant about ordering this at first, fearing that the foie + egg would be too sweet and too creamy. However, the consistency and taste was just right. The layer of crunchy burnt sugar on top of the fluffy foie custard was perfection. In addition, there were blood oranges thrown in, giving the custard more depth. For the entree, I got the chicken entree with braised celery and truffled sausage. Boy oh boy. The chicken was tender, the sauce was amazing, and the truffled sausage was sooo tasty. I'm never been a huge fan of white meat (woo juicy dark meat!).. but this piece of chicken breast was so tender and moist that I forgot for a split second that I was eating white meat!!Overall, this was a great food experience. Only reason why this didn't 5 stars is that the service was a bit iffy. The servers weren't very attentive and we had to keep flagging them down to refill our waters and take our order. With that being said, it may have just been a down day. I'm excited to come and try the tasting menu next time that I am in Las Vegas!
5	This place is AMAZING.  They have an early dinner 3 course menu that was $49, perfect before a 9 or 10PM show.  I got the wine pairing and the wines were so amazing!!!  It was a great value for the money.
5	A couple weeks back, we celebrated my birthday at Sage inside Aria. We've been once before during Restaurant Week and it was fantastic. It was time to return. We made reservations on opentable ahead of time. We were seated promptly upon arrival. We had a quaint table that was a bit sectioned off; I loved it, it felt like we had the place to ourselves. We perused the menu and scanned the tablet with all the beer and wine selections. Sage is one of the few restaurants that offers beer pairings with the tasting menu, it was tempting, but we preferred to order from the menu. We selected beers; North Coast Scrimshaw ($8) for Frank and Lefe Blonde ($10) for me. While our waiter fetched those, we were given a choice of breads: bacon or sourdough with sea salt. We snacked on these scrumptious treats and ordered the green garlic soup ($16) and roasted sweet breads ($17) to get us started. Sweetbreads have intrigued me, I've only seen them on menus previously in my less adventurous days. I figured there was no better time to try them than at 33. Well? They were... delicious. For those unfamiliar, they are most often the thymus gland of calves, lambs or piglets. When properly prepared, like these were, they are a bit crisp on the outside but perfectly tender inside. Think about the most flavorful chicken nugget you can imagine, times that by 1000 and you have sweetbreads. These were served with glazed bacon, trumpet mushrooms, and creamy polenta. The garlic soup is a vegan dish. The garlic is very mild, and the soup is like silk. At the bottom of the bowl was a sweet surprise of potato stuffed tortellinis. Truly it was thing of simplistic beauty. For the main course we had difficulty making our selections because everything sounded wonderful. Eventually, we narrowed our choices down to the red snapper ($42) with crispy bread crust, english peas and braised leeks, and the lamb saddle ($42) with braised lamb shank and fava beans. I don't know that I've laid my eyes on two more beautiful dishes that packed such a punch of flavor. Well executed doesn't begin to described how expertly these dishes are prepared. My snapper was superb, but I must admit it was outshined by the lamb. The fava beans weren't our favorite, but the lamb prepared two ways was stellar. My favorite was the braised shank it was so carmelized it was like candy. I mean that in the best way possible. I'd ask for it for my final meal. It was that good. We didn't think the meal could get any better, but we gave the dessert menu a gander. I have this knack for selecting items I can hardly pronounce because I'm so curious about items that are new to me. In this case it was the Gianduja Pave ($12). I didn't have the slightest clue what it would be, but I was anxious to try it. I later learned that Gianduja is a type of sweet chocolate with hazelnut paste. It's used in the pave which reminded me of a light mousse, it was served with a scoop of olive oil ice cream, and dressed with hazelnut crunch, basil jam and pomegranates. I love desserts that are a bit more savory than sweet and this was simply perfect. A perfect end to exceptional meal. I cannot think of a better way to celebrate my thirty-third year.
4	After hearing about the signature tasting menu from a friend during my NCAA tournament trip, when I ended up back shortly afterwards, I opted to try the same thing.First, their amouse bouche was pretty good, a little lamb tartare with house pickles. Too bad I had also selected the beef tartare as my first course...heavy tartare here. But both had great flavor, and I loved the pickles with the lamb. The beef came in a quite large serving, with some kind of crisp chocolate wafer/cracker things, which were a cool compliment to the beef and the toast it was served with. I would never think to put chocolate with beef like this, but it was good. Not being an egg person, the slow poached egg yolk was removed from it's place on top of the tartare (thankfully, all in one piece) and then moved to the side of my plate.Next, diver scallops with braised oxtail, mushrooms, and broccolini. Very good stuff here, great sear on the scallops, and the rich beef broth was a good compliment. I liked the crisp broccolini as a texture change from the similar scallop and mushroom. My one complaint is that while the outside sear on the scallop was great, the insides were a bit underdone for this kind of preparation. At least, to my taste. I don't know how you'd easily get the insides more done without going too far on the outside, but yeah. That's the misstep here.Finally, my Wagyu sirloin was delicious. Amazing texture - the chewier texture I would expect from strip that rapidly broke down in to incredibly tender, rich beef. Really delicious. The potato puree under it all could have used some work, as it didn't really do much for the dish, but the beef was good enough to stand on its own. There was an upcharge for the beef, but I'm glad I did it.For dessert, the gianduja pave. This was...schizophrenic. So many flavors and textures competing, I feel like it could have been a little simpler. There's the rick chocolate, drizzled with olive oil, the olive oil ice cream, and then hazelnut crunch thingies, a sweet berry jam, basil jam, pomegranate seeds, and then even something on the plate in a sort of design. So lots of things going on. Maybe cut a couple out and present this as a more simple dessert, and I think it could have been better. As it was, it was tasty. I did like the savory of the basil and the olive oil with the sweet chocolate and ice cream.All in all, quite good. Come for the scallops and the beef - maybe get the other dessert offered on the tasting, which is more of a traditional sweet dessert. I'm very happy I made the walk to Aria to enjoy the menu. Service was very good, and the atmosphere is pretty cool too. But then, everything in Aria just seems cooler. Someday I'll actually stay here.
5	We were in Vegas in July 2012 for my oldest friend's combined bachelorette/bachelor party.  The bride to be and groom's flight delayed their arrival by 1.5 days and I wanted to make sure everything was perfect for the bride when she arrived.Thank God for Yelp.  I found Sage through Yelp and based on other Yelpers, scored a 7pm reservation for the7 of us, thereby assuring our reservation would still qualify for the early evening 3 course meal for all of us.  Do this-great deal for excellent food in Vegas. This was a well traveled group with high expectations for food and Sage did not disappoint.  From a delicious salad with burrata to start to tasty wines throughout, this restaurant helped make their weekend special. On a visual note, we enjoyed the purple up lighting and linens and the feeling you were in a quiet restaurant, far away from the strip even though you're actually inside the visually stunning Aria casino.  Don't hesitate-go here!
5	Sage is one of the must places to eat in Vegas if your in or near the Aria Hotel. Had the 5 course tasting with Wine pairing.  It is one of the most reasonable cost for a tasting menu. 89 bucks. wine extra.  Each item I had was spot on for appetizer to dessert. And just enough food without feeling like a blimp. Elegant surroundings  good service and a nice bar to hang out at while you wait for your table. You can even eat at bar if there are no tables. I would go back no problema.
5	I must say this is one of my new favorite restaurants here in Aria! Reservation is highly recommended because of their rising popularity since their celebrity chef Shawn McClain's winning on American Iron Chef. The dark purple decoration inside the restaurant makes it look trendy and fun. Dark wood, dim lighting, high chair at the bar, sofa seating with leather cover, all in all make this place upscale and fun. We came here for appetizer and drinks and their pink lemonade is amazing! I should certainly come back and try their absinthe. It seems so interesting. We had their Greek salad and Foie Gras Creme Brulee. I have to say that salad is probably the best I had in a long time. It is simple and fresh with their special sauce. I almost want to rush back to the kitchen and get the recipe. For the Foie Gras, which is their signature dish. I can't have enough!  Highly recommend it! The service is impeccable. Our server knows what she is doing and gave us a great "class" on their food and prep, very knowledgeable and polite. I highly recommend this place for any occasions.
2	I came here for my brother's engagement dinner, b/c our friend picked it out based on high yelp reviews. Sorry Yelp, you let us down a bit. On the plus side, the cocktail menu is huge, and the bartender is quite talented. I had a terrific Sazerac. On the other hand, the vibe is very snooty (wine and cocktail list are presented on an ipad, which is a cute gimmick, but kind of a pain to flip through), and the servers were as well. The food menu is quite limited and the cuisine was all heavy meat. My brother and I are vegetarian and they didn't have a single vegetarian entree. I muttered to him that, if the chef is good, he could whip something up, and the waitress overhead and chimed in, "he is very good". No he's not. The recommended appetizer was a slow poached egg with potato and shaved black truffle--sounded fantastic, but the flavors were way off. Somewhere between an ashtray and used cat litter. The special entree was no better and not filling either. The chef seems to heavily favor bitter, smokey, and highly acidic flavors and food was not balanced and totally lacking in seasoning. Coming from Northern California, where there are lots of great, great restaurants, it was painful to spend this much money on a meal that was so mediocre. I suppose if the idea of a $120 steak with bone marrow is your thing, then maybe this is your restaurant (although those who ordered it weren't raving about it). I am not familiar with the Vegas scene, but think that you should be able to get more creative, local, and flavorful cuisine for far less money than what we paid.
4	My wife and I went for her birthday and we had a great meal.  I loved the wine and beer list on the ipad.  It offered a low pressure way to get tons of info on every available wine and beer.  The egg app was awesome!  Something I would never make myself and very rich.  The bread was some of the best I have had.  My wife had a steak and mash for dinner and I had the scallops.  The scallops had a sauce that was based on a meat and honey that I do not think complimented the scallops.  It could have used an acid but everything was cooked perfectly.  The waiter was very attentive and helped make a great dining experience.
5	Every time we go to Las Vegas Sage is a Must to eat for dinner!! The have the best; to die for Steak tar tar! I always have the tasting menu and Im never disappointed. If you want to try a new drink try the Moscow Mule. Its tart with a hint of ginger beer-very good!
3	With so many fine dining options and celebrity chefs in Vegas, the food scene is as BIG if not bigger than the casino and clubs here.  Sage is good, very good,  a solid restaurant but it did not rank up there with the best meal or best resturant category.  Zagat rated the cuisine at 28 but I'd give it a 22 or so.   My favorite were the oyster and wine selection, unique.  I would rather be seated at the bar than the resturant, the vibe there felt more upscale and chic.  The atmosphere in the dining area didn't stand out.  The service was solid but not 5 star worthy.....
4	A solid 4 star rating.  Not sure it deserves the extra half that helpers have given it though.The ambiance is definitely 5 star....amazing decor everywhere.We got the 4 course tasting menu, which had a lot of potential.  They started us off with a salmon tartare amuse bouche, which was definitely the best part of the whole meal.  Very complex and delicious.  Next came the Wagyu beef tartare, which was great.  I've never eaten poached egg yolk before, but this was a great introduction.  The meat was definitely fatty and rich, but wasn't overwhelming.Then a replacement option to the scallops, which I had to beg for since they rarely do substitutions.  Had the red snapper, which basically had a piece of fried toast stuck to it, with some ground crunchy peas.  Wasn't impressed at all with this one.Next came my Wagyu steak, which I paid an extra $10 to select.  The Wagyu tartare was much better.  This was a good steak, but the flavors weren't distinguishable and really didn't stand out against any other steak I've eaten in a restaurant.Last came dessert, which was great until I bit into the fresh sage they put on my plate.  Why do restaurants put inedible things on your plate?!?!?  This ruined my taste buds....really took about 5 minutes to recover from the bitterness of this spice.All in all, amazing decor, really good service, and good, overpriced food.  Was expecting a bit more from a chef that is claimed to have 3 Michelin Stars.  Do they mean 3 yelp stars?
5	Sage continually delivers. I am a huge fan of their appetizers but you really can't go wrong with anything.
4	The short rib was amazing as well as my cocktail. Service was 5 stars!
2	I have heard such great things about this place, so I was excited to eat here. I had the Signature Tasting Menu.  The portion sizes were as expected for a four-course tasting menu and I was decently full afterwards (at the point where I'm satisfied, but if you were to put an In-N-Out burger in front of me, I'd eat it).Make sure someone at your table orders the Foie Gras Brulee as their app. It's very rich and you might not want all of it, so it's good for one person to do the upgrade with the other just orders a lighter salad and then sharing.The only impressive entree was the Iberico Pork Loin. Nothing else really stood out entree-wise.And for dessert, make sure you get the Gianduja Pave. It was probably the most exciting thing I had that evening.Service was a weak spot for me that evening. We had a prime table near the center of the room, but didn't get much attention throughout the meal.As a whole, the dinner was good. But it definitely wasn't something memorable. I might have just gone on an off day, but I felt like every dish either had too much of something or was missing something. The main entrees were the least impressive (except for that amazing Iberico pork dish). Everything was lacking a certain depth. If you can spend a little more, I'd go for Le Cirque instead.
3	The food was delicious, but not like the best in my entire life. We had good time there with my friends during the dinner, but I am  sure there are places with the same quality food around, not that pricy.
5	One of our favorite restaurants there is anywhere. The Moscow Mules are amazing
5	Although my boyfriend and I didn't completely fit in with the crowd here, we came for dinner in a long progression of 21st birthday dinners for him! I'm beyond happy that the Aria gave us the $100 food and beverage credit, otherwise I wouldn't have been able to have this amazing food experience.They start you off with a choice of either sourdough or bacon bread, and of course the best way to go is to try both. They serve it with sea salt that's imported from Australia and a lemon zest butter. I never ever put butter on my bread, but paired with the sourdough it was amazing. Also included was an amuse bouche, which I honestly cannot remember or recognize what it was. However, the one bite of goodness was the perfect opening to the meal and set the bar high for the food to come.We chose the Wagyu beef tartare for appetizer after reading all the reviews that raved about it. It came with egg yolk that was perfectly cooked so it stayed on top of the tartare, but still had a runny quality to it. Each bite with the tartare and egg on top of the sourdough toast was amazing, and I could hardly tell that I was eating beef. The meat was extremely fresh and the flavors were really clean. I had the Maine day boat scallops for my entree, and it came with four huge scallops on top of a bed of mushrooms and braised oxtail. The oxtail was so tender and the mushrooms were marinated in this dark sauce that was so good. The scallops were the most tender that I have ever had, and the size of them alone was overwhelming! My boyfriend had the 36 hour braised short rib that fell off the bone so easily. The flavors were incredible and the tenderness of the meat was beyond description. It was also served with a layered potato that probably has a fancier name, but was essentially extremely thinly sliced potatoes that were restacked into a tower. The end result is a slightly crispy and chewy potato side unlike any regular fries or roasted potatoes. This is probably one of the fanciest places I've had the opportunity to dine at, and the experience was incredible. Las Vegas is packed with amazing restaurants, but this is definitely one to come back to.
5	Service was stellar, food was excellent, atmosphere was killer.  All in all this was a great experience.  It got even better when our bill was actually less than we had budgeted.
4	Delicious food, so-so service. My lobster ravioli was luxurious and not overly creamy, which was a major plus. The Vancouver Island Kushi oysters would have been good on their own-the tequila mignonette added nothing. I found the server to be a tad snooty, which perhaps can be attributed to the fact that we were, after all, dining inside the Aria Hotel. Besides the less than desirable service, I think Sage is a good choice for dining on the Strip, if you don't mind a hefty price tag.
4	Another visit at Sage in my last Vegas trip. This time we just ordered from their regular menu. I tried their Foie Gras Creme Brulee served with salted brioche, entered the second course with Veal Cheeks with Candied Carrots and Creamy Polenta, ended the meal with Coconut Key Lime Float.They changed the bar menu to iPads for easier surfing, you can see the actual image of the drinks without having to search through tons of pages of pictures on Yelp. Another great experience here beginning with our server who's named Bond. Such a humorous guy who told us he's a secret agent (whoops, not so secretive anymore!)Anyway, finally tried their famous Foie Gras Creme Brulee. It's a very rich starter, slightly offset by the strawberry jam dabbed in the center, scoop a spoonful onto the fluffy brioche, and what you have there is a mouthgasm. Basically you have a little bit of everything, savory fragrant foie gras, salty and buttery brioche, and a tad tarty sweet balance. I must say, I should have ordered a lighter entree because it was quite a heavy appetizer. Next came my mini pot of veal cheeks. Veal cheeks were made correctly, very soft and tender in each bite. Fatty pieces? Why of course! That's the best part of tender meat. I am not the biggest carrot fan nor sweets, I must admit that I was picking at the carrots. They served their part flavoring the sauce and making the polenta less bland. It might be just me, but I could barely finish half of this plate after the foie gras brulee. A bit too much flavors going on that made this dish less appealing, mistake on my part.And then entered my funny server. He handed the menu to me saying that he knows exactly what I want. Unfortunately points at another heavy piece of dessert, Gianduja Pave. I could handle it a year ago, but not this time, I opted for the Coconut Key Lime Float, something to cleanse my palette and something light. Not a disappointment at all! when my dessert came, I was like "oh cool, a sorbet in a glass cup set on top of a bowl of ice. NBD" Then comes the fun part, like the experiment of dry ice. The foam for the float was a tequila based soda. It looked like I had a white volcano for dessert. I had the next table wanting to take pictures of my dessert. And if you want to order this, be sure to have your camera ready, the foam sinks in so quickly, your newest phone might not load fast enough for it.As expected, very light in the tequila taste, each scoop of gelato has very well defined flavors. I wouldn't suggest eating either of it alone. Maybe you can for the coconut, but the lime is darn tarty by itself!
1	Good food but the service was terrible.The waitress was in a hurry, she was always talking with the Bartender. The restaurant was empty. We were a group of 10 and none of us will come back.
5	Perfect in every way..  The dining room, lighting, seating, perfect.  Food & service perfect. Ambience was perfect.  Just a perfect evening. One of the best restaurants in Las Vegas right now!!
5	Birthday meal for the birthday boy. This was our second time there and everything was excellent, just like the year before. From the Moscow Mule to the Absinthe tasting, to the amuse bouche to the main courses. Love this place and can't wait to go again!
3	***There are a few good things about Shawn McClain's Sage, but it (like a lot of Vegas restaurants) is overpriced and does not deliver the same quality as similar upscale restaurants in cities like San Francisco, Los Angeles and Chicago***Sage is one of the several upscale restaurants in Aria.  Aria's upscale restaurants are much more contemporary than the traditional fine dining spots you will find in older casinos like Caesars Palace and Bellagio.  Sage follows that trend.Sage is in a very modern space that has kind of an upscale lounge feel.  There is  no white tablecloth though the restaurant does feel like a fine dining restaurant when it comes to their menu--a la carte items with premium ingredients, a pre fixe menu and a tasting menu are available.I had the pre fixe menu, which offers the choice of several of Sage's signature dishes across four courses.  The meal started with complimentary bread--two crusty options including a bacon roll and salt dusted sourdough.  Both breads were fine but nothing special.  The amuse bouche was raw tuna with cucumber and wasabi.  It lacked the brightness and vibrant flavor of a good amuse.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Xx2ixDh92XbugQPNsARWxA&userid=w-w-k-QXosIKQ8HQVwU6IQI started with the foie gras creme brulee, which was a foie gras custard base with a traditional creme brulee caramelized sugar crust.  Garnishes included good and sweet Bing cherries as well as warm, buttery and sweet brioche (topped with a little bit of salt).  The starter was very dessert-like, but it did have a strong foie gras flavor as well as foie gras' creaminess.  The brioche was a little oily.  I liked the dish, but I think it would work better as a dessert given its very sweet flavor.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=tuTEWuF9RJLCM0gO39PSEA&userid=w-w-k-QXosIKQ8HQVwU6IQNext came day boat scallops with good mushrooms, greens and braised oxtail.  I did like the garnishes.  The oxtail was very good--tender, juicy and meaty--though there was too little of it.  The scallops were just okay. They just were not as soft, fresh or moist as I have had at other restaurants including Vegas spots like Picasso, Table 10 and Olives.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=-AmrCdNy2bPb4g30EVVeSQ&userid=w-w-k-QXosIKQ8HQVwU6IQI had the braised beef belly for my entree.  It was an okay tasting dish.  The garnishes were decent but not as good as what came with the scallops.  The best garnish with this beef dish was the tart pickled ramps, which was the only real flavor that stood out.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=7u38OgDbTux-a4MU7_N2dQ&userid=w-w-k-QXosIKQ8HQVwU6IQThe beef belly was like ribs.  The beef belly had a good flavor and it was tender and juicy.  I did not like the unevenness of it with some meaty parts but also fatty parts that were not rendered down.  It could have just been the nature of this cut.Dessert was an almond tart, which was really dense and thick with the texture of a butterscotch square.  It was dry and had no cake-like or cream-like consistency.  I did not like the core of this dessert though the garnishes of macerated berries and creamy, refreshing and fragrant lavender gelato were both good.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=W9-266MC8A3Rbr7hAIaKYQ&userid=w-w-k-QXosIKQ8HQVwU6IQA la carte prices were very high like other high-end Vegas restaurants with entrees in the $40s and $50s.  The pre fixe menu was not too bad of a deal given the variety of ingredients and generous portions.Service was good.  The staff was attentive and the food came out at a quick pace.  Our server had a matter of fact manner (which I liked).  It was a little different from the service I have had at similar restaurants where servers tend to be very gracious and eager to please.  Even though she did not have that incredibly pleasant approach of those other places, she was still polite, professional and engaging.Overall, the food at Sage was decent and properly cooked though not much about the meal stood out.  Though Vegas has a lot of fine dining and upscale restaurants, I actually find it quite hard to have a really great high-end meal in Vegas.  If you are looking for really good contemporary upscale cuisine, I recommend the more expensive L'atelier de Joel Robuchon in MGM Grand.  If quality of ingredients and good flavors are what you are seeking, I recommend the similarly priced though more formal and traditional Picasso (in the Bellagio) over Sage.Aria, like most casinos on The Strip, offers both complimentary self and valet parking.
4	Food was 5 stars, dynamic and innovative  food, the sommelier was very knowledgable.  Service was 4 stars and nearly perfect.  Only complaint was having to sit at the table without water or a menu for a while.
5	Let's face it, if you are going to Sage you know you plan on spending a decent amount of $, it shouldn't be a "shock" when your bill is over $100.That being said, on our trip to Vegas in May for our first anniversary we decided to make a reservation at Sage for our anniversary dinner.  We were so glad we did as everything we ate was nothing short of stellar.To start my meal i ordered the Confit Heirloom Beet salad.  The toasted dates and vinaigrette dressing complemented the beets so perfectly.  Every bite was full of flavors and different textures, delicious. I ate every bite.  I was expecting the portion to be much smaller than it actually was, so I was pleasantly surprised when it arrived.The complimentary amuse bouche was the best bite I have ever had.  I couldn't even tell you what it was, but it was delicious and I wanted more.I ordered the Lobster Ravioli for dinner.  What a refreshing dish.  Not your typical ravioli dish filled with heavy cream making you feel like you have a rock in your stomach.  This was light with hints of lemon and sweet chunks of Maine Lobster. I ate every last bite.Service was top notch, our waiter was one of the best I have ever had.  Attentive and spot on with his suggestions.We will be back for sure
5	Sage delivered the best meal I had while in Vegas, and that included trips to the Mesa Grill, CraftSteak, Sensi, and Emeril's.  The service was first rate, very attentive, and never overly intrusive.  The restaurant's interior was beautiful, and lounge-like.  And the food was excellent.  The corn soup with crab that I had was wonderful; the American Kobe Skirt steak was perfectly cooked, bursting with flavor, and surrounded by some absolutely delicious crispy avocado balls.  The Pineapple Mousse I had for dessert was beautifully plated and a great cap to the evening.
5	Best service. Incredible food. I ordered the oysters...unbelievably sweet and perfectly seasoned. The beef tartare was delish...it had a couple shavings of chocolate which i didnt care for but it was still tasty. And in my opinion its pretty hard to mess up beef tartare. Let me tell you the scallop entree that was made into an appetizer for me was what really blew me away. OMG!!! The sauce and mushrooms were unbelievable. I opted to not have the shredded oxtail on there and didnt even miss it. Great wine list. Fancy cocktail menu and creative way to display drinks and cheeses on an ipad with pics and all. Bartenders were helpful and knowledgeable. I will def go back!!!
5	After a lot of research, we (brother, cousin, me) chose this as our fine dining restaurant of the trip. The ambience is fantastic - dark, comfy seating, great decor.Service was excellent. When I didn't like the drink I ordered, the server let me taste something else before pouring. Every course was explained and questions asked to the chef and answered (my brother is in culinary school and had a few questions). The timing was perfect - not too fast or slow.The food was amazing. My brother and cousin ordered the 4 course tasting menu and I had the 6 course chef's menu. We shared each course which was perfectly prepared, presented and sized.They have an absinthe cart that we did not sample, but it looked interesting. I would not hesitate to recommend this restaurant or eat there again the next time I'm in Las Vegas!
5	Amazing! Located at Aria... One of the best experience we've had in fine dining. The staff in this restaurant is very courteous and very attentive. Ambiance is very intimate and sophisticated. I little bit pricey, but it is worth it. We tried the Kobe Skirt Steak and it was very delicious. The meat was cooked right and it was well-seasoned. Their selections of libations are also very impressive.  If you want to have a great night with your date, start at Sage. It should be one of the places you should go to.
5	This was definitely up there with the top five dining experiences of my life.  Everything was absolutely perfect from beginning to end.The hostess was friendly, and seated us promptly upon giving her our reservation details.  We loved our table, and really appreciated the generous spacing between tables in the dining area.  It's so nice to be able to sit down and enjoy the food, wine, and atmosphere that comes with great dining experiences, while not feeling as though you're in a crowded space.  My dinner companion and I both ordered the four course tasting menu with wine pairing.  The food was incredible.  The wines, too, were incredible, and paired so well with each dish.  We really found ourselves wowed by the experience from beginning to end.  As for service, the timing of each course was impeccable.  We were not rushed, nor did we ever wait extended times between courses.  All presets and wines for upcoming courses were brought at the appropriate times.  The server was extremely professional and knowledgeable with respect to any questions we had throughout.
5	Sheer perfection. Scallops with oxtail, pork loin, Wagyu beef tartare (never thought I'd try), 48-hour beef belly, and dessert that includes olive oil! My wife and I were having one unforgettable culinary experience after another. Las Vegas has LOTS of top-notch restaurants so we always want to try new ones. However, next time, we WILL be coming back to Sage! Besides, we loved the hotel itself as well!
5	A top notch restaurant that was delicious from start to finish.  The people working there will literally give you the shirt off their back!  My wife was freezing and our excellent server offered the manager's cardigan to wear during dinner.  Who does that??We went with Chef McClain's Signature Menu for $89.  No wine pairings because I am usually too buzzed at the end to appreciate the flavors.  I started with the "Wagyu Beef Tartare" with crushed caper aioli, slow poached egg and dark chocolate.  Chocolate and beef isn't a combo I am usually down with but it was a fun twist that totally worked.  I literally could've had this as my whole meal.  The buttered and grilled sourdough bread complimented it perfectly.My wife got the "Foie Gras Brulee" which was wow, wow, wow.  It was such a creative dish and a wild mix of flavors upon first taste but it just got better and better after each bite.  It's ok to lick the dish, right?  This could have been a dessert and I wondered if the chef ever considered that.  I got the "Australian Wagyu Sirloin" for my main entree.  It was as tender as expected but I was ready to swap after having a bit of the 48 hour beef belly.  That was treeeeemendous and what I would go with had I done it all over again.  "Gianuja Pave" was my choice for dessert.  It's not often I get to try olive oil ice cream with basil jam.  That was a really excellent ending to the meal and kept up with the creativity of the experience.
2	Service was bad and unprofessional comments made by our waiter -  Manager called to apologize for our experience which was very nice but wont dine here again - Food was mediocre and portions are small - thankfully we got our meal charges refunded but still shouldnt have occured in the first place
4	Wonderful restaurant!  Another winner at Aria (we love Julian Serrano).  Not at all your typical Vegas restaurant - it is hushed and elegant, with superb food and very good service.  If you need refuge from the chaos which defines Vegas, you could do worse than slip into Sage for a meal.After a weekend full of gluttony, we couldn't handle much more than a couple of appetizers, so we sampled the beef tartare, which was a very nicely done version of the classic; the grilled octopus, which wasn't bad but probably wasn't the strongest of our dishes; and the poached egg.  Okay, let me say something about the poached egg.  This thing is so good, we actually had to order a second one!  My mouth is watering just thinking about it! It is a perfectly poached egg served over some sauteed potatoes and then topped with shaved biancetto truffles (spring truffles, sort of a cross between a white and a black truffle), and served with lovely toasted rustic bread.  When you crack the yolk, it forms this melange of tastes and textures, and when eaten on top of the bread, it is ... well it's sublime!  This dish alone is reason to head to Sage next trip to Vegas!
1	I went to Sage for a tasting menu with my husband for his birthday last year, which is our tradition.  The tasting menu at Sage is, by far, the worst tasting menu I have ever had. The service was fine, but the food was gross. I can't speak to the regular menu, but definitely don't get the tasting menu. Overpriced and disgusting.
5	Wow!  My fiance and I were staying at Aria and wanted a nice restaurant to go to that was close to home.  Sage, is where we ultimately landed and we could not be happier.    Now, the important stuff, first the service was amazing, very attentive and extremely knowledgeable in everything involved throughout the night.  The food: I cannot begin to tell you how pleased we were with the quality, flavors, selections.  We ordered the grilled spanish octopus for an appetizer, it was unbelievable how tender and tasty the meat was, first time having octopus outside of sushi and I cannot imagine every having it again anywhere else.  My fiance's Maine day boat scallops?  wow!  I'm from New England and I have never tasted such perfectly cooked scallops!  And at end of the night I had my first ever taste of absinthe which I recommend to anyone, first as a digestive aid(per our waiter and very accurate after eating all that amazing food) and secondly as just a really memorable experience as the process of actually creating the absinthe is indicative of the whole night of challenging the senses at Sage!
5	Ask for Bond!!! He is the best in the business. I have traveled around the world and go to a lot of restaurants and I have never had anyone better than Bond!! He made our experience so magical and dreamy!!! We love Bond!!!!
4	Beautiful restaurant... We had a bit of a table conflict.. But in the end all turned out great... First the bar... Friendly but not fake bar tenders.. Great music and atmosphere.. Ordered a bottle of Farniente ...my boyfriends favorite ... Then moved to dinner and stumbled across the 4 corse tasting menu.. Incredible mix of flavors ... We both ordered 4 courses and got to taste 8 ... Perfect portions and food for your eyes and your soul.   This is a top notch Vegas restaurant!
4	Had quite the tasty meal here on my latest Vegas trip. We did the $89 prix fix  which had 4 courses with great portionsOysters or Steak Tartare - all good but Oysters were one of the best oysters I've ever had. Perfectly dressedScallops or Calamari - Both delicious and perfectly cooked. Pork Tenderloin or Beef - These were probably the most disappointing part of the meal. Both were just "ok" but didn't stand out as much as the previous dishesChocolate something - don't remember but it was good with olive oil something....Service was also great and very attentive. Would recommend it!
5	Great food. Nice upscale and exclusive vibe without being too stuffy. Great bar too.
4	So I saw the foie gras (FG) creme brulee on a list of "must try' FG dishes in Vegas and being the FG-deprived CA girl that I am I simply had to try it. ;-) This turned out to be an amazing deal of a meal! My girlfriends and I chose to do the Signature tasting menu which was more than enough food, as I actually couldn't even finish all my food. I still can't believe it was only $89 -- seemed super reasonable for the quality of food and caliber of service/ambiance. Our server started out a little stuffy but eventually warmed up and turned out be very friendly in the end. Make sure you order a cocktail here. They have a great variety of fun and unique drinks. We tried several all of which the names escape me but we really enjoyed them all. Standout dishes included the the foie gras creme brulee (of course!) -- it really was as delicious and decadent as everyone raves.  I also really enjoyed the Maine dayboat scallops and and the wagyu skirt steak -- upcharge on this one but worth it as it was very tender and flavorful. My friend also really enjoyed her 48hour beef belly. The Pave dessert here also wowed me, and I'm not one to be wowed by dessert.  It has to be one fo the best I've ever had at a fine dining restuarant and the olive oil ice cream was UNBELIEVABLE. I loved every bite of it! I'd come back here in a heartbeat and hope they don't become wise to the fact that they're one of the best deals in Vegas IMHO! ;-)
4	I was in Vegas last weekend for a bachelor party, and we decided that we'd dine at Sage for one of the nice dinners we were having. Sage came as a recommendation by a friend who currently works as a chef in Vegas. The overall ambiance was good, and I liked that it wasn't overcrowded by tables and rowdy diners, yet wasn't too stuffy and quiet that you can hear a pin drop. We were definitely on the louder side, but that's what you get when you have nine guys drinking wine and scotch.The $89 tasting menu is definitely a good deal, with plenty of viable options to choose from. There were actually couple items on the tasting menu that was not available on the a la carte menu. Unfortunately we had some friends who are rather picky eaters, and the tasting menu requires full table participation. Sage also offers a 10 course chef's tasting menu.Vancouver Island Kushi Oysters - we ordered a plate to share for the table and ended up getting another. One of the best oysters I've had in a really long time. The Kushi oysters were incredibly fresh with a hint of sweetness in each shell. The mignonette served on the oyster is what really made this dish work. I usually find mignonettes too overpowering with vinegar. The aged tequila mignonette was undertoned and let you taste the natural sweetness of the oyster.Grilled Spanish Octopus - this was the main starter that I ordered after contemplating getting the foie gras creme brulee. Coming from LA, I really miss my foie. But after talking to the waiter about how the foie was prepared, I wasn't really sold on it. I'd much rather have a hearty piece of foie seared on a pan on a toast. The octopus was cooked well but nothing was very memorable with it. Snake River Farms New York Strip - not your typical dry aged steak from a steakhouse, but cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth. I saw beef marrow on the list of ingredients so I was expecting a nice grilled beef marrow with a toast on the side, but I guess they put it in the sauce that they cover the meat in. I wasn't a big fan of the sauce as I like to enjoy my meat the way it is, but it wasn't terrible. The quality of the meat definitely made the dish work. La ratte potatoes were also excellent. May have been one of the smoothest mashed potatoes I've ever had.Coconut Key Lime Float - I usually opt out of dessert and finish the meal with an espresso, but since everyone was getting something I felt compelled to order something as well. The coconut key lime float was recommended by the waiter as I was looking for something that was not too sweet. This ended up being the most creative and interesting dish of the night. The entire dessert comes on a bed of ice and they pour shishito pepper foam over the coconut and the key lime sorbet. The shishito pepper was foam was really interesting. You wouldn't expect a very peppery taste profile would go well with dessert, but it cut the tartness of the key lime and added great flavor to the somewhat mild coconut.Overall we had an excellent dinner and everyone left very satisfied. One hiccup was that the restaurant overcharged us by $600. They somehow messed up and included one of the other table's orders on our bill. Good thing that I had caught it, if not some lucky table would have had a free meal on us. It took the restaurant almost 20 minutes to sort everything out, which, in my mind, is entirely too long of a wait to fix a wrong. No apologies were given either, which was very surprising. Perhaps Aria could work on training their service staff a little more.
5	Whenever I visit Las Vegas (and that happens at least a couple of times a year, typically, if not more), I try and pick one restaurant that will be my 'splurge' for that particular visit. This time around, my friend and I decided that we would try Sage based primarily on the contents of the four-course tasting menu ($89 plus $44 for generously poured wine pairings). We were not disappointed by any stretch.The beef tartare is a revelation--I didn't know that tartare could remind me so much of tuna, but it was melt-in-your-mouth stunning. The scallop and oxtail was delicious, and the beef belly was terrific (and I don't even typically like belly cuts of pork or beef). And the desserts are in a league of their own--it's hard to even describe the complexity of what we were served. Suffice it to say, they were phenomenal.I'm extremely pleased with our decision to come to Sage and I do hope that I can return.
4	This place in the new Aria hotel is nothing short of beautiful. Great place if you want to do it classy in Vegas. As the location should demand, the cocktails were impeccable. In fact, the bartender wasn't satisfied with the first one he made for my partner (we still thought it was pretty good), so he made her a new one. The wine list is similarly thoughtful. The sommelier suggested perfect pairings for our meals. The food itself is good, if not always up to the price point. I love salmon, but was disappointed that it was the only fish option on the menu at the time. It was certainly delicious, but I expected a little more creativity. Whatever's fresh, I suppose. My partner, on the other hand, absolutely loved the lamb. Definitely a good place for a special occasion, but not that friendly if you're not in the mood for meat.
5	My meal I had here is in my top 5 meals I EVER had... yes, Gary Danko, Keiko's, French Laundry, Guy Savoy, and Joel Robuchon, someone has stepped in the arena and is a MAJOR player.  Service was a bit slow at the beginning and we were questioning if we made a mistake coming here, but then it got much better. We had the signature menu $89/per person:*Foie gras creme blulee:  Can you say nice and creamy like and a bit of sweetness like the combo of peanut butter and jelly.  Holy crap!*Bison takaki: First time I had bison and from what I was told by friends is that it is a bit gamey.  Nope, not this.  Tender and melted like butta in my mouth.*Heirloom tomato salad: It was a great follow up from the bison.  Light and tasty.  Sometimes people go overboard with the vinegar.  Not this.  Very smooth tasting.*Wagyu beef tartar: This is another Holy Crap moment.  I thought this dish was going to be too heavy.  Nope.  The slow poached egg on top with the toasted bread... DELISH!*Grilled Spanish octopus:  I rarely order octopus because 95% of most places over cook this.  Oh this place hit the mark!  Nice smokey flavor and has some "toothie-ness" but not chewy AT ALL.*Dayboat scallops, braised oxtail, caramel reduction:  I was totally surprised that you get two huge scallops!  The sauce was to die for.  *Iberico pork loin: Ok... that should say it all.  Anything that is Iberico pork is heavenly.*Beef belly: This was soooo tender and deep in flavor.  We jokingly said that all the dish was missing was white rice.  The waiter went next door to the other restaurant and got us a bowl.  Now that  is service!*Gianduja pave (olive oil ice cream):  I wanted to pick up the plate and lick the whole thing.  They had two different breads: sourdough roll and a bacon roll.  If you're from the Bay Area skip the sourdough.  Nothing compares or comes close to our local stuff.  The bacon roll was tasty.The couple next to us ordered the funnel cake.  It was sooooo tiny and they said it didn't taste as good as the ones you get at the ballpark or county fairs... cause probably this was a healthy version LOL!I will DEFINITELY come back here.  EVERY single dish was a major hit.  I can't say that about Joel R.  I  know there are 16 dishes for JR, but none of the dishes was a Holy Crap moment.  I can also say that I never had a Holy Crap moment at Gary Danko's either.  Wow.... I can't believe I said that!Can't beat the price, quantity and quality of food for $89!
5	New American at it's finest.  Combining globally sourced ingredients and flavors with classic American cuisine then trying to achieve the broadest range of taste results in incredible good eats.  It's all done without molecular gastronomy. For starters, the wagyu beef tartare; great beef flavor and just the right accompaniments to balance the usual cloying fatty finish (pickled mustard seeds, capers, the usual coddled egg yolk, and CHOCOLATE).  The bitterness balanced the entire dish.  Not to be missed, the foie gras custard brulee; excellent.  Cherries for the requisite acidic sweetness, toasted cocoa nibs for bitterness and a twist, salted brioche.  Imaginative.Finally, the roasted sweetbreads; stunning.  Bacon fat (from a thick cut piece of bacon) provides the seasoning to the airy sweetbreads they blend well with polenta and wafting umame of trumpet mushrooms.  Slightly one dimensional texturally but good eats for sure.Salads are anything but common.  How about a heirloom tomato salad with smoked peaches and baby fennel accented by lemon pickled cucumber.  Vibrant acidity, complexity from the licorice fennel, sweet bitterness of the peaches.  Perfect.For mains, the Iberico pork loin, cooked medium, tender with a pronounced heritage pork flavor.  It contrast well with a piece of crispy pork shoulder.  Served with a sweet, smoked date pure that makes the perfect accompaniment heightening the natural sweetness of the pork.The 36 hour braised wagyu short rib, equally good.  One of the best braised short ribs I've had (the best being Craftsteak).  Served with an earthy horseradish potato pave and caramelized onions, glazed in its own braising liquid.  The braised beef, rich and melting the sides providing a sweet, earthy balance.Excellent and efficient service.The wine list remains excellent.  Vegas resort pricing.Truly a foodies playground!
5	Nominee for best restaurant on the west coast, certainly most interesting food in Vegas.  Service, food, decor, are all tip top.
2	Way over priced for quality but that's Vegas.  Had to ask for the $59 early dinner menu (server seemed to "forget" they had one).Corn soup was good, fish was an attempt to be creative but fell flat and dessert (pineapple something) was way too sweet and uninteresting.Service was good, better restaurants for the price.  Chef seems to preoccupied.
5	This was the last place i ate before going back home in the morning.  I gotta say it was one of the best meals i had on this trip.  You walk in to this place and its a low lit ambiance, with refined decor.  Yes this place is on the pricey side but it well worth it, because not only the food was stellar,  but the service was just as great if not better.  I had the tasting menu which consisted of Chilled maine lobster, Foie Gras Brulee, Sea scallops, Herb-crusted Lamb Saddle, 48 hr braised beef belly, and to finish a Green apple Mousse.  Everything was done with love and care.  You can really taste the love they put into preparing all the dishes.  The Beef belly so so tender, almost like butter melting in your mouth.  Lamb saddle was very flavorful, with there herb crust enhancing the lamb flavor rather than covering up with gamey flavor.  My favorite dish though was the Foie Gras Brulee...... OMG!!!!!! It was so rich and such a smooth texture.  If i died after that meal.... i would died a happy man.
1	First off, FOOD was EXCELLENT but the service was terrible and unnecessarily so.    We had called ahead to let them know that we were a little late for our reservation. 10 minutes and I believe the standard allowable is 15 min.     Arrived to be told that they gave our table away and that we would have to wait for it.   Told them that was not satisfactory, that we had called ahead and were told this would be no problem.   They said they would see what they could do.   We were okay with that because we had found a table in the bar and figured we could have a few drinks.    Waited almost 40 minutes and asked 3 times for a bar menu.   This waiter ( I assume) kind of wander by and finally gave us an Ipad with no explanation as to what to do with it.   Tried to use it and it didn't work.   The same waiter came back and took it away and never came back???   At 50 minutes in, we asked about our table again and they said "Oh that's right, come with me,"  I'm guessing they forgot we were waiting???   We finally get seated and immediately ask for our drinks.   We again, had this Ipad given to us that didn't work.    Now an hour in, we asked somebody to please just take our drink order and bring us something.   Maybe the desperate plea is what they were waiting for because I'm assuming our "waiter" finally came over and took our drink order.   It took a second request to "bring our drinks sometime...today" and a half hour before our drinks finally arrived.   They then took our order and at this point we felt trapped.  We were hungry but hated being there but our friends were jet lag and not up for hunting down another place and waiting more time to get food.   So we reluctantly placed our order.   The food again was excellent but took about 30 minutes to come out.   But the service for our table was the equivalent to being served at a Denny's.   Our tableware was practically thrown on our table and made clanking noises when placed.  When our food was served, it was shoved in front of us to the point that our food slid to the other side of the plate.   In total, we spent 3.5 hours there and only an hour of it eating.  2.5 was spent trying to get drinks, food...someone to acknowledge us?!?!    I hate writing these type of reviews because I feel like I'm whining but honestly it was this bad.   Not sure if this was an off night or new staff but it's unacceptable and I don't recommend dinner here.
2	Service was fine. Nothing went horribly wrong, we paid him money and he brought us food and drinks. A little slow and we didnt leave raving about the waiter but he served his purpose I guess. Still for 60 tip you expect to want to come back.The food is where I was sad. I canceled reservations at le cirque to come here and it wasnt memorable. After learning that the tasting menu was going to take too long (had a show to get to) I chose the tartar and the kampachi. The amuse bouche was FANTASTIC and had us all excited. The tartar neither of us finished and didnt find it to have a memorable signature  to make that particular dish unique to this chef. Again the waiter didnt ask why we didnt finish, he was too busy. Next was dinner. The smokey sauce on the kampachi is SO STRONG. Im sorry but that only belongs on a tasting menu. I probably ate 1/3 of the dish and was sick of it. I would say it was "just me" but my girlfriend poked around at her pork and didnt like it and my husband said his steak was "okay" but not worth $50. Again the waiter didnt ask about sending full plates back to the kitchen. Didnt have time for dessert bc the service was slowish. Should have done j&gs or gone to another of the big restaurants.
2	HUGE disappointment!Service was decent, food was below average (at best). Veal was flavorless and hard to swallow, lobster dish was very close to awful with the oily and lukewarm pasta and orange segments that did not belong in the dish to begin with. Expected such great things from this place and left with such regret about spending one of our nights in Vegas here. Of all the great places to eat in the area - this is not the one to choose.  Only part that saved the meal was my Moscow Mule.
5	I was hesitant to try this spot since it's pretty steep in the pricing area, but I was very happy.  As far as service goes, we had no complaints ... at all.  We didn't have an appetizer because we were not starving, but I wish we were because it all looked good.  Bacon bread was yum! I had the shortrib, and that was FANTASTIC!  My husband's steak was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The dessert (olive oil ice cream with hazelnut ... forget name) was good too.  Love the decor and the ambiance; great wine list as well.
5	Great service, delicious food, nice ambiance....When food like Sage's makes me moan with every bite,  it's a 5 star in my book.  Service was great, our waiter (wish I remembered his name) was nice and very attentive without being snooty.  I was impressed when he handed us an Ipad and a quick tutorial on how to view the drink menu on it.  Ok it takes little to impress me but still....- Complimentary pre appetizer mango froth from the chef was light and tasty.- Complimentary bacon bread and sourdough loaf with australian sea salt and butter- good but would have liked the bread to be warm.- 36 hour wagyu braised short rib - flavorful, melts in your mouth short rib, heaven.  - The hubs had the $89 prix fix menu and chose the grilled oysters, Spanish octopus, Australian sirloin plus foie gras for 10 bucks extra and olive oil ice cream with hazelnut crunch and basil jam. - all amazing.Sage is one of your pricier restaurants but hey it's Vegas, gotta splurge at least once or twice when you're here.  I wouldn't say the ambiance is super fancy but it's nice and worthy enough to get dressed up for.  I did see guys in there wearing jeans and a t-shirt, which I thought was kind of meh but just fyi if you were wondering about the attire.
5	A wonderful dining experience - great cocktails and an absolutely delicious meal. Would highly recommend their scallops!
5	I didn't realize how talked-up the foie gras brulee happened to be until I came to yelp to review the restaurant.Honestly, if you look at the price tag and decide that this place is perhaps a bit out of your reach, spend a more reasonable amount just to have the foie gras brulee. However, if you're seeking to enjoy a spectacular festival of taste at a venue with stellar ambiance and service and don't mind the price tag, pull up a chair.I came for a work outing. We had the big eye tuna sashimi and the brulee for appetizers, three rounds of medium wagyu skirt steak, and three desserts which seem no longer to be on the menu. To the desserts: I can't recall anything other than to say that my own choice was a primarily chocolate-centric treat, whereas the second dessert composition had been arranged entirely from items not intended to be used as dessert components (cucumber, for instance) and was itself therefore quite notable, and the third item was not consumed by myself and ergo not memorable to me personally. Two of us also exercised absinthe options to begin a traditional Vegas outing, but I'm the odd one out in that I personally don't drink, so I can't attest to that adventure.I'll be brief in stating that literally every single item consumed by myself at that table was the best it could possibly have been, and that my own experience overall at Sage decimated any possible perception my mind had previously held about the concept of an excellent restaurant.Yeah, I'm probably lavishing too much praise, but that's how I feel about it. Now, going more in-depth in describing my experience would necessitate a significant increase in my enslavement and ensuing abuse of wild adverbs. If I had to describe just how wowed I was by the experience, I'd struggle to precisely define just how my taste buds registered what exactly I had consumed. The complexity in flavors and textures rendered me capable of appreciating the individual ingredients, their respective preparations, and the resulting whimsical delight with each taste which my own mind struggled to tame. The crispy avocado in the skirt steak preparation, for instance, complimented the delicate tenderness of the steak by introducing the slightest tart and crunch to each bite, and the radish shavings freshened the palate immediately following consumption. The portions were about what one could have expected from what was effectively an experience in flavored art, meaning that it would have been unfair for me to have entered with the belief that a Cheesecake Factory-esque helping of food would have been delivered to my table. In spite of this, the process of truly experiencing every morsel of what I had consumed made the entire meal not only the most tasteful in memory, but also the most adequately filling.I admit that this is perhaps the most politely colorful language I've employed in any review thus far in my limited history as a yelper and likely in any review to follow for a good while. I stand by it, and we intend likewise to visit Sage as regularly as one can visit a top tier restaurant off the strip when living on the other side of the country.Addressing the bill: If you have a room credit on your room, go ahead and use it. It'll adjust the sticker shock you'll feel once your next credit card statement hits. Shows are great, but this is by far a more memorable experience than any of the dozens of shows on the strip.
5	Best experience of our trip. Similar to others experience. Food ambiance and service were top notch.
4	The food we received clearly showed masterful techniques and was done with the finest ingredients with a touch of molecular gastronomy thrown in as well.They offer you rolls one is studded with bacon and the other is a French loaf along with real herbed creamy butter and a special salt.Next comes an amuse bouche ours was a raw salmon that went down fast.The sashimi dish featured melon like I never tasted before I think they were compressed and delicious, very sweet with an almost crisp texture. I thought this plate looked stunning and part of the look were those buttermilk caviar beads. The beads did add a texture and had were there for attractiveness but for me they seemed strange but I still thought this was a good dish. I admit I'm not the biggest fan of molecular gastronomy.We are suckers for truffle so we tried the slow poached farm egg. It came out all foamy and you had to break the egg yolk and smear it on the nicely seasoned toast they give you. I thought the flavor was spot on and really great but the texture of the white foam was odd and little like raw egg white to me.I thought the Oro King Salmon was OUTSTANDING. The fish seemed carefully sous vided and then seared. It truly melted in your mouth like butter. The marinated fancy tomatoes were flavorful and sweet. I enjoyed the carefully seasoned yellow squash that was cut into linguini noodle shapes. I didn't recognize the eggplant in the dish but it must have been the sage laced sauce on my plate. I was pleasantly surprised by the tasty use of snow pea tops in this dish. This dinner would have been better on a smaller plate because it was almost lost on the very large plate they put it on.Wagu Short Rib was a winner.We tried the corn dessert. It was very unusual and lacked sweetness.Then we received an amuse bouche of hot white chocolate coffee.Service was efficient and kind.
3	I'd probably give this restaurant 3.5 stars if it were an option, but since it isn't, I am giving it 3 stars due some of the factors below.  The ambience is great, and the price of the tasting menu was very reasonable. The food was pretty good, and I'm glad I tried it, but I think there are better places in Vegas. The foie creme brulee was disappointing for me. I love foie, and I love creme brulee, but I didn't think the foie came through enough for me. I would have rather just ordered seared foie instead (I think that should be an option in addition to the brulee). The meat dishes were well prepared but again nothing I really even remember one month later now that I'm posting this review. And our server wasn't very friendly for 75% of our dining experience. During the last 25% he got friendlier, as we got closer to tip time, but he seemed a little condescending before that. In summary, food quality would yield 3.75 stars, service would yield 2 stars, and price would yield 4 stars, for an average of 3.25 stars. Who knew I would be doing some math for a yelp review?!?
5	I've tried several high-end dining choices The Strip offers, but I always come back to Sage whenever I want amazing food (and when my wallet can handle it). I've always gone for the Signature Menu (~$89) with four courses. Food: Amazing. Portion sizes are just enough to make you happy full, not Olive Garden full. Every bite has a plethora of different textures and tastes that complement each other -- I felt like I was commentating the Food Channel when I ate here with the bf. And not only that, it was different -- the tastes, and textures were completely things you have yet to try. Party in my mouth, indeed. From the complimentary plates (comes with every meal) to the bread to the dessert, I cannot rave enough about this place. Service: Excellent. Informative, on hand when you need them, and always concerned with how we liked our meal. Ambiance: It's not the place where it's so quiet, you'll want to whisper, but it's definitely a more trendy type of crowd. If I can be nitpicky, the tables for two were too long for a normal conversation as we had to shout over the table distance as well as over the music. Although most of the dinner was eaten in silence, we both knew our palates were in heaven. Drinks are Vegas prices ($$$) and well made, but nothing to rush for. If you could do it, find a nice bottle of wine instead. (The list is pretty expensive, though -- cheapest probably started at ~$50) Overall, a nice dinner for locals.
2	We were all excited about having our only all together bachelor party dinner here.  You are dealing with at least 3-4 big foodies among the group so anticipation and expectations were high given the 4.5 stars overall.Service:  Pretty good.  It was a group of 11 and given large group sizes, in general are harder to deal with which I understand.  The hostesses were accommodating when our group sizes kept fluctuating from 10 to 14.  Our waiter even managed to skillfully pour one bottle of wine evenly for all 11 of us as we were limiting drinks since we were hurting from partying the night before :)  In addition, one person was a vegetarian and they made him his own meal which I really appreciated. Food:  We mostly ordered the signature menu.  There was generally a disappointed feel to the food with the following thoughts:- Amuse:  kanpachi krudo - disappointing ... was a bit on dry side so should've used a fattier piece or add some oils etc.  Flavors of ingredients didnt really come out.- wagyu beef tartare - very very good- 2 diver scallops with braised oxtail - good and tender but didn't see or really taste much oxtail.  Hard to ruin fresh scallops unless overcooked or unseasoned.- Octopus:  decent mix of flavors but not really memorable.  Not rubbery but it shouldn't be at a nice restaurant.- Short ribs:  very good but portions were small.- Iberico Pork Loin:  Flavor was only okay.  Nothing amazing.  This  was ridiculously disappointing after the waiter recommended it and 4-5 of us got this.  We each had EITHER, 2 or 3 thin (why the inconsistency) medallion slices probably 2 inches in length and one other piece that was a bit bigger with more of a crispy texture.  For a "main" (3rd course out of 4), the diver scallops were bigger than this.  I am seriously NOT a portion person as I am often amazed at portion sizes in the US, but this was ridiculous and left all of us hungry.- Wagyu Sirloin - this was well proportioned (as the Pork ordering people felt jealous) but nothing overly interesting.  48 hour beef belly - curious to try since most have never heard of this but nothing mind blowing.- desserts:  there were 2 main ones we ordered a chocolate mousse (good) and another one I forgot the name of which basically was expensive popcorn.- Vegetarian meal:  I dont have details but this was well enjoyed and felt like a personal touch since there were no vegetarian dishes on the menu really.Again, overall service was good.  But more than half of us leaving hungry (some people wanted to  get a hot dog after) and that's a tough result considering the food was okay at best.  When one of us asked about food portions and we are still hungry, the waiter shrugged his shoulders in a 'there's nothing I can do about it' way.  I cannot recommend a return  to this place. Pretty big disappointment overall.
4	I think my expectations were too high. This was not a bad experience by any means, but I have had better meals at some of the other high end restaurants in Vegas. I treated a friend for their birthday and we opted for the early evening dinner three course menu ($59 pp) with wine pairing ($29 pp). The restaurant is classy and beautiful with plenty of quite and intimate space. Our server was attentive, but overbearing at certain points. Overall, I think he did a great job, so I won't really nitpick there.We started off with an amuse-bouche consisting of kampachi and mango. The texture and flavor was incredible. I started off with a chilled sweet corn soup while the other party opted for a fresh vegetable medley. I absolutely devoured my soup, it was perfect. Her veggies were completely unoriginal, they tasted fresh, but that is about it. There was no interesting spin or vinaigrette to accompany the meal. As my entree I opted for the Pacific Yellowtail Kampachi with chanterelle mushrooms, bacon, manila clams and black grapes. The fish was not cooked evenly, but the overall flavors worked superbly together. The other party opted for the flat iron steak which ended up being $10 extra on top of the tasting menu price. It was a generous serving of protein that was cooked perfectly.The final course was the dessert, and that was heavenly. It was a caramelized pineapple mousse with all sorts of other goodies added to it. To acknowledge her birthday, it came with a single candle that I though was a nice touch. Overall it was an enjoyable, yet not a mind blowing meal. Especially for $250 with tip.
5	Enjoyed a top-5 dining experience in Vegas at Sage in the Aria.  Right up there with Bar Masa in terms of service, quality/freshness of food, and innovation.  Had the 4 course tasting menu and every course was excellent.  The oysters, octopus, and the peach cobbler dessert was one of the best i've ever had.  Highly recommended for an excellent (and expensive) dining experience.
4	The shortribs were amazing, yet left me hungry. The wine list was expansive with "Las Vegas" pricing (2x the price of any other list elsewhere). Service was outstanding. A wonderful restaurant, just don't expect to see Americanized portions, not that any of us really need that much food.
4	My second time eating here. While I love the flavors and fusions of food that I'd never expect to go together, tonight the service was too lax. It was downright cold in the restaurant--I am rarely cold, so others much have been freezing, which exaggerated the lax service. I was in a hurry to eat and leave because of the discomfort. It was a $70 meal for one, and while delicious, the service and temperature both brought the experience down. Til tonight, this was my favorite Vegas restaurant.Overall, delicious food in an upscale modern atmosphere. The short ribs are delicious and foie gras a nice mix of sweet and gamey.
4	I read great things about Sage and since we were staying at Aria, it was easy to make it there.  Our waiter, John, was great; he was knowledgeable and patient.  We ordered the beef tartare, foie gras creme brulee appetizers and the scallop main dish; all of this to share between two people.  Everything was amazing quality and taste.  Beef tartare is a staple in France and while it's hard to imagine eating raw ground beef, the seasoning, unsweetened chocolate flakes, herbs, and the egg yolk mixed together makes it so delicious.  It also helps that the beef is from a Wagyu cow.  The foie gras was unique; shavings of foie gras were placed atop a layer of creme brulee and topped with cherries.  The taste was both sweet and rich; a great combination.  The scallops were expertly cooked and tasted great with the vegetable and braised oxtail shreds.  The chef gave diners a complimentary taste of lamb tartare (first time eating raw lamb and it was good) and a shot of truffle milk (wow).Our taste buds were singing after this meal; it was a great first dinner of our Vegas stay.
5	I was wavering between 4 and 5 but the friendly staff pushed me to 5.  Solid 41/2!!  Upon arriving, every server we passed welcomed us.  Waiter was very professional and helpful.  Stressed us relaxing and enjoying out meal and managed our courses well.  Holding off on dessert so we could enjoy our wine.  Did 4-course price fixed menu.  Amuse was exactly what it should be- a perfect little bite.  Oyster were wonderful.  Scallops with ox tail was a little surf and turf sensation.  My husband had the pork which was very good.  I went with the beef belly which was good but quite rich.  Dessert were not too sweet-- which I like, especially after rich beef belly.  Complementary hot almond, vanilla, honey drink was nice finish.  Again, all staff wishing us good night on way out.  Good price for tasting menu.  Wine pairing was a little too pricey .. Waiter recommended to go with bottle if wine and sent over sommelier.  Would recommend and return!
4	We were there just because of Restaurant Week.  It looked like a bar when we looked from outside but you can't see the dining area.  It was less busy than what I expect (when I compare to the Dine Out Vancouver).  Our server did not offer the Restaurant Week menu until we asked for it.  It happened to the other tables too.amuse bouche (Duck tartare with cream cheese and pickled grape) 3.5/5 - better than my expectation.  First time to try duck tartare but I liked it.  The picked grape was good too.GRILLED SUMMER PLUMS 4.5/5 - The plums/peach/apricots were sweet.  Crunchy bacon (more like bacon or pork fat than pork belly to me).  Totally mixed well with the pecansMAINE DIVER SEA SCALLOPS 4.5/5 - 3 giant scallops.  They were gigantic and well (under)cooked.  Seared with rare inside. BRAISED BEEF SHANK 3/5 - too small when we compare to the Scallops.  4oz at most?!COCONUT AND KEY LIME FLOAT 3/5 - They pour the foamed soda in front of you.  The lime soda was too sour.  I didn't find that they were matched.FUNNEL CAKE 4/5 - reminded me of the Chinese egg/bubble waffle.  Not too sweet.  Came with vanilla ice-cream.Hot chocolate soup with cayenne pepper 4/5 - complementary!  It was too sweet for me but the others really enjoyed it.  There was a kick when you get to the bottom.Dining on the Strip has at least 50% markup.  We were only because of the $50 special.  We would have picked the $89 tasting menu without the Restaurant Week (more likely we wouldn't have come).  It was okay but not good enough for me to come back any time soon.
5	Restaurant Week was cut short for us this time, because I was traveling to Chicago. We snuck in one more dinner beforehand at Sage. It is also one of our favorite restaurants so we knew it would not disappoint. Sage is great on many levels, but one thing that sets it apart from others is its beer menu. They always have a great selection and a few rare choices on draft. One day, I'm determined to come hungry enough to try the tasting menu with beer pairings. On this day, though, the husband had a German beer, Schneider Weisse, and I had St. Feuillien Saison from Belgium. Both were delicious! Already off to great start, we welcomed the choice of bacon or baguette rolls. The baguette is my favorite. And we were brought an amuse bouche of lamb tartare. Yum! What a scrumptious little bite. While we intended to both choose items from the Restaurant Week menu, the husband opted to order off the menu so he could enjoy some favorites. My three courses for $50.13 included Chilled Sweet Corn Soup, Sea Scallops and Funnel Cake. He ordered Sweetbreads ($17) and the NY Strip Steak ($54). The soup was silky and smooth with chunks of delicate Dungeness crab. Huitlacoche was also part of this dish. It's not something I was familiar with, which is part of the fun at Sage. It always introduces me to something new. It's fungus that grows on corn, it's not common in the US, but in Mexico it is treated like a delicacy. Like we would consider truffles to be. His sweetbreads were amazing, just like the first time we had them at Sage for my birthday dinner. I was fortunate that he shared. He must love me.His steak was beautifully prepared; a perfect medium-rare and it was piled high with mushrooms. Accompanied with a side buttery mashed potatoes. My scallops had a lovely sear and on the side was a lovely medley with sweetness from grapes, smoky saltiness from the bacon and the earthiness of the chanterelles. We wrapped up this outstanding meal with funnel cake laced with strawberries and malted ice cream. It was a fantastic version of the carnival classic. Service was once again exceptional. They do it right at Sage. I hope it stays put for a good long time.
5	I had a spectacular experience. it's one of the few restaurants I visited during restaurant week that I would actually go back to. I'm definitely going back there to try their tasting menu. 8 courses of amazing food? Yes please. We started off with cocktails while we waited for our table to finish being ready. They serve moscow mules there, which is one of my favorite cocktails. It was pretty decent pricing for being on the strip ($17). Like I said earlier, when I went I was there for restaurant week. Everything I had was great. They even gave us a free amuse-bouche and a free little dessert drink. We also ordered the beef tartar in addition to the pre fixe. I'm pretty sure we ate it all within a couple minutes. I'll update this as soon as i go back and try the tasting menu. I'm not sure if the food offered during restaurant week is on their regular menu - so I don't want to dive too far into that. But, the food was all good enough to make me want to go back and try their regular items.
5	We went here for the August Restaurant Week tasting menu, pretty much expecting the food/decor/drinks to be amazing. And they were.Between the two of us, we had every choice on the menu, and every single item was ridiculously, platonic ideally, good. Perfectly cooked scallops, roast beef so tender and flavorful it didn't require chewing, beautifully balanced cocktails, and deserts that made us grin from ear to ear.What we weren't really expecting was the staff to be as awesome to us as they were. And they were great. We're definitely not the normal economic bracket there, and it was a dinner we'd saved up for. On the rare occasions we get to go somewhere as out of our usual box as Sage, we've definitely gotten the 'oh, you don't want a $200 bottle of wine, peasant?" sneer down the nose before. That was not the case here. Every single person we ran into, from the hostesses, to our main server, to the water and bread guys were friendly, real human beings, who genuinely seemed happy we were enjoying our meal. They didn't pester, hover, judge, but they knew their stuff and were very friendly and helpful. Everything I had hoped for in a "rare treat" of a dinner and more, I loved the experience here. This place is what 5 star dining is all about for me. On top of that, we got a neat "amuse bouche" (I'm spelling that wrong but I don't care and extra mini-desert that were just a bite, and not included on the menu, but were still wonderful and fun.Thanks Sage, you guys rock
4	Yummy bone marrow, and oysters. Nice classy place, and great service.
4	BEST KEPT SECRET. I'm so glad I came here before all the hype, because seriously, michelin star/top chef/celebrity chef type restaurants are a dime a dozen in vegas. Tucked in the Aria hotel, is this amazing restaurant. I knew it from the bread. When they offer you a biscuit, you take it, regardless of if you're going carb free or not. Had the signature tasting menu and everything was amazing. We also ordered the oysters which were SO fresh and delicious, but so expensive (this was in addition to the tasting menu since we orderd the foie gras supplement), they disappeared fast. The waygu beef tartare was very good, especially since we both aren't fans of raw beef generally. Dessert is usually my favorite but I didn't enjoy the olive oil ice cream too much, was weird for me. Overall a great experience.All in all, everything was great, the service was not stuffy at all and they made it very welcoming, because let's face it, not everyone is a gazillionaire in Vegas and some of us normal people just want to eat good food too. Sage, I was weary to give you a high rating, because I don't want you to get too popular for me!!
5	We went to celebrate the engagement of our friends. We were blown away! Delicious menu, drinks, and excellent top notch service. Our waiter was really a great waiter. Attentive, knowledgeable, and hilarious! Our dinner was absolutely charming and we look forward to coming back. The food... So good.
3	After reading some of the glowing reviews about Sage, some of my fellow Yelpers and I decided to give it a try.   We had reservations for 7:00pm and our table was ready on time.  Our server was attentive and after perusing the menu we decided to order selections from the four course Signature Menu. After we ordered, a server brought us an herb butter with some sea salt and we had a choice of either a french roll or a bacon bread.  The french roll was average, but the bacon bread was very good as was the butter, and the salt was a nice touch to give just that extra bit of flavor to the bread and butter.   For our first course we tried the beet salad and the oysters.  Both selections were very good.  The oysters were small, fresh, and served with a spicy sauce, but were not extraordinary.  The beet salad was very good and I wished I could have had more of it.  For our second course some of us had the  scallops and some of us had the octopus.  The two scallops were delicious and the octopus I was told was also very good.  For our main courses we ordered the Wagyu beef, the beef belly and the Iberico pork.  All  were good, but the portions were incredibly small, more like an appetizer portion than an entree portion.  The Iberico pork tasted very much like Canadian bacon and consisted of two quarter size slices which were about 1/8" thick.  This is not an exaggeration.  The two tiny medallions of pork were served along with some pulled pork that was the size and shape of a one inch cube.  The beef belly portion was a little smaller than a deck of cards and the Wagyu Beef, which was a bit greasy, probably weighed 2 ounces.  For dessert, we ordered the olive oil ice cream with hazelnut crunch and the rhubarb tart.  Both desserts were delicious, but were again very small portions.  The olive oil ice cream was about the size of  one tablespoon.  The service was average with the waiters not knowing who ordered what and the pace of the courses was not well timed as we waited a very long time between the first and second course while  the third course arriving very quickly after the second.  I thought I would have a problem finishing a four course dinner, but the portions of the food were so small that I had no problem finishing them.  My fellow diners said if they had not pigged out on the bread, they probably would have left hungry.  Overall the food was very good and the service was average.  The value for the money was ok, as even though the portions were incredibly small, the four course Signature menu was only $89.00 per person. (Add $15 for the Wagyu beef entree).  The atmosphere of the restaurant was modern and elegant and very conducive to good conversation as there was no loud music and tables were spaced well apart from each other.  I would recommend to give this restaurant a try if you are looking for good upscale food at a relatively reasonable price.
5	First things first... Best salt I've ever tasted! They bring freshly baked rolls, herb butter, and salt to your table.  Get one of each roll if you can. So yummy! We ordered the poached egg worth truffles for an appetizer and they were not stingy on the truffles.  The egg was perfectly poached and the toast just melted in your mouth! For entrees we ordered the veal cheek and the gnocchi.  Both were great choices.  Although the gnocchi portion was not large I could not finish it because it was so rich (Not complaining). I can't remember what the dessert was called but it was a little chocolate disk.  Very yummy but not too heavy, which was perfect after our filling meal. Overall a wonderful experience. Wait staff was great and I felt we got a good value for the price. Definitely left happy and full!
2	Want some Sage advice? Go somewhere else.  There are dozens and dozens of better restaurants in Las Vegas. I am clueless here. I really, really don't understand why the ratings for this place are so high.This is the kind of restaurant where the presentation is everything. Where presentation is more important than the taste. I've never seen food look so pretty.  Every dish looks like it is ready for a photo shoot. Unfortunately, every dish didn't taste very good. Just bland. But hey, if you like your food to look as pretty as the people around you this is the place to go.
3	We stayed at the Aria, so we decided to eat at Sage. We had reservations for two at 5:30 pm.  The hostess told us she couldn't seat us yet because the main hostess wasn't there... Couple minutes passed and the hostess told us our table was ready.  We were ushered into the restaurant. There were couple people at the bar drinking, but the restaurant looked pretty empty at 5:30 pm. We were seated at the front part of the restaurant by the bar. I thought it was weird that when we were seated, the hostess never gave us our menus. Couple more minutes passes. No water or menu. We tried to get couple waiters attention, but we were ignored like 3x. When the waiter finally came to our table, he was nice, but seemed to lack details of the restaurant.  I think he was new.Once we placed our orders, our food came out fast. Everything we ordered was delicious.
3	This is a tough review for me. Food was a 4.5-5, but service was a 2. Let me give some examples:* We arrived and our friends were at the bar, so the hostess directed us there. No problem... until she never came back to take us to our table. At least check? 20 mins later, we went back to her and she did take us to our table, but not AFTER...* The bartender said he preferred for us to pay for our drinks at the bar AND no one offered to carry our drinks to our table. Does this make me a priss expecting this? This says to me that the management is a bit off on how they manage the team and likely tips.* Once we sat, it was 15 mins until we were given menus. The waiter dropped them off and then disappeared without any explanation. Now, it would be different if they were packed, but they weren't. * One final example (but not the last remaining "really?" moment of the night), somm came over to pour our bottle of wine and barely engaged with me when I asked him about the wine. It was as if he had better things to do than talk to someone about wine. But he's the somm?!OK, but let me talk about the food because despite the service, I actually did (and do) recommend Sage. My friends and husband had three courses, but being the food champ I am, I had four! :-D My favorite course was my husband's chestnut soup. It was wonderfully delicate and flavorful. The beet salad and my slow-poached egg received big thumbs up too. I had the veal cheeks for dinner and they were great. Loved the corn and hominy accompaniments. The table favorite was the lamb though.We had three desserts for the table. I don't remember all three, but do remember a coffee chocolate dessert that was great!Wine list was good. Great diversity and good price range, while not being overwhelming.
5	Ok, this is a legitimate 5 Star Restaurant.Located in the beautiful and elegant Aria Resort, Sage is everything I heard it would be and more.  The decoration has been described as sexy and that's a pretty good assessment.  It's gorgeous.  Serene and relaxing.  A great environment to eat amazing food.  Our server was kind, knowledgeable, and attentive.  We started off with a delicious arancini (fried rice ball) from the kitchen.  My wife ordered the chestnut soup with pork belly.  I tried it... phenomenal.  I started with a poached farm egg with black truffle and toasted bread.  Simple and yet mindblowing.  For dinner, my wife had the gnocchi with braised rabbit and black truffle.  It was great.  I had the scallops which were cooked perfectly in a salted caramel sauce... not too sweet but enough to bring out the flavor of the scallop.  Outstanding.  For dessert, my wife had the liquid pumpkin pie... fantastic flavor.  I ordered the nut tart that came with espresso ice cream, crunchy glazed peanuts, caramel, coffee crispies, and mandarin orange.  No bite tasted the same but all were blissful. I really commend the chef for allowing the sauces to accent the food without over taking the flavor of the proteins and starches.I really can't recommend Sage highly enough.  This is the type of restaurant in which you want to take your time.  You will really want the experience to last forever.
5	I love Vegas.  No, I mean it!  I. Love. Vegas.  Not for the gambling, or public drunkenness, or random gold painted men lounging on the side walk. I love Vegas because, in a 1 mile stretch of boulevard, you get some of the best restaurants in the world.Sage is far and away one of my top 10- Maybe even a top 5.  The service was amazing, first of all. I was seated immediately, and immediately got water and my drink order taken.  Just a few minutes later, my server greeted me with a menu and some explanations of how things work around there.The server was attentive without hovering, had suggestions but was not upset when I ordered something else, was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and wine list, and was just generally a nice guy.  Not the "stick up their ass" that you may expect to find at similarly priced establishments.My meal consisted of the artichoke confit salad, which was lovely. Light, flavorful, and had a lovely combination of textures. It was really a delightful start to the menu.My main course was the shelton farms organic chicken, roasted, with buckwheat spatzel and a sweet potato puree.  This was a real treat. The skin was lightly crispy, the buckwheat spatzel was the perfect texture with a nice brown butter accompaniment, and the sweet potato puree with nuts was a really nice contrast of textures.My dessert was the Milk chocolate cremeaux. This was sweet, but not overly so, and not too rich. Very playful taste and textures, with pomegranate seeds that provided a nice tart burst, which also helped to lighten the texture of the dessert. I rarely give 5 stars, but Sage deserves it.  It was a great dining experience.
4	A delightful experience.  The service was awesome and the food was great.  The server was quite helpful in recommending the scallops.  They were prepared perfectly.  I also had the octopus and oysters as an appetizer,  both were delicious.  The dessert was the deconstructed apple crisp, not only was it original in presentation, it was tasty too!
5	5*.  Outstanding.  Great service, excellent wine list with some relative bargains.  Just remember it's vegas.  Had the soft boiled egg with black truffle and the veal cheeks.  Dinner companion had lamb saddle.  All delicious.  Would eat them everyday if my cholesterol could handle it.  Service excellent.  A lot of young hipsters and dressed up folks.  Would return tomorrow if I could.
5	Restaurants like Sage are the reasons my husband and I keep coming back to Vegas over and over again. This is what it's about! Good food, good company, great service, great atmosphere!This place was outstanding!Our server and sommelier were so friendly and helpful. It always makes a restaurant experience when you get top notch service. Our sommelier was able to help us pick out an amazing wine that we would've had trouble pairing with our food otherwise. Get a cocktail, they are well mixed and delicious. We did the chef's tasting menu. Course after course of goodness. The whole dinner seemed to have a playful autumn and smokey theme to it. Some highlights:-Sourdough and bacon bread with flaky salt---mmmm! I wish there were more of it. Not the epic bread carts of some other restaurant, but tasty portions to get your salivary glands pumping.-oyster shooter amuse bouche--plus tequila. Yum!-Shaved foie gras on a walnut gelatin concoction. -Day boat scallop was sweet buttery goodness.-My husband had the egg yolk with a smokey foam---probably the best dish on the menu (from the vegetarian side of things)-Ribeye was quite possibly the most delicious piece of beef I have ever tasted. Succulent, perfectly cooked, crispy sear. Oh my goodness!-Pear custard with root beer bubbles. A nice palette cleanser. -Petite sundae--like a fruity pebble dance in your mouth!Wow, what a great night!We left fat and happy. Would come here again to try a different menu.
1	Having come from London, with its plethora of fine dining restaurants, I had big expectations for Sage but it disappointed.Food wise, it would get 3 out of 5 in my book, as the execution was good, although there was nothing extremely exciting or creative. Just standard dishes executed well. Wagyu beef tartare was nice, but standard tasting for a tartare at a top restaurant. Scallops from the 4 course tasting menu was the highlight, while the iberico pork course came in such small portions that I felt it was half a dish. Desserts were presented exquisitely, but nothing special. No wow food here.Service, from the waiter, was 3 out of 5. Professional, discreet, and did the job as expected of a fine dining waiter. No wow service here.Where Sage falls over is the rest of the service. We were there on a Wednesday night. The strip was quiet, but this place failed to handle the small crowd it had. It took us 10+ minutes to be seated from arrival. Another 5-10 minutes to even get the wine and food menus. Our entire dinner took close to 3 hours because of the long waits between courses. I complained at the end and all the manager could offer was another free dessert, when clearly we wanted to just get out of there as soon as possible.Very disappointing for a fine dining restaurant, and one that charges what it does for food.
4	Came on a Friday early evening. Wouldn't seat us until the entire party was there, not a good way to start, but the bar staff was good and they did seat us promptly. On a one aside shame on the aria concierge for saying they had vegan options.there weren't. Anyways may I recommend the foie gras custard as a must order. As for the main course I went for a fish dish that was executed very well. The waiter was great and helped accommodate our vegan friends. Definitely a place to go to
4	4.5 Stars! When I'm out on vacations or mini vacations I always have to treat myself to at least one expensive dinner to top it all of and I'm glad that we chose Sage at Aria for our fancy dinner night. The setting is intimate and decor of rich plums and forest greens are all around. For starters we got the Wagyu Beef Tartare - delicious except for a strange crispy chocolate that came with it that I didn't really care for.We continued with a wonderful Grilled Santa Rosa Plums salad, with wonderful guanciale and pork belly. I did wish that the salad was cut a little more, since it was a bit hard to down. Yukon Gold Potato Gnocchi was on the money! Definitely a good amount of black truffle in there and yummy lamb to boot. This is HEAVY and will fill you up although its appearance may seem small... yummy and rich.Maine Day Boat Scallops, favorite of my server and definitely my favorite of the night. The scallops are huge and bury a beautiful braised oxtail on the bottom. The oxtail melts in your mouth and is truly a treasure. Worth the visit! It was easy for us to make a reservation and it was a great spot tucked away in our favorite casino hotel.
3	Sage was good but just okay, and pricey for the food quality and portion sizes offered. The scallops with oxtail sauce was very good. The iberico pork was disappointing and not nearly as special as it sounds from the menu. The black bass was just average. The best and most unique part was the absinthe drink cart; we had absinthe eggnog and it was tasty!Overall, the main selling point of this place is that the ambience is nice and romantic. On the flip side, the lighting is too dark for a non-romantic dinner. There are several other restaurants on the Strip with more inventive food at the same or lower price point.
5	Will definitely come back!! Scallops were amazing, beet salad was tasty, oysters were delish! The ambiance was lovely.  And lastly, the service was wonderful!
5	Sage was one of the best dining experiences i've had to date. A nice little trick we like to use, is to each order completely opposite tasting menus. We then share, and get to sample a massive amount of the offerings. The highlights on this occasion, being the outstanding Waygu Beef Tartare, and the Rabbit backstrap. Additionally, the desert featured a block of olive oil chocolate, surrounded by pomegranate seeds, and various insane magical elements(See pic!). The wine selection can easily be described as Expansive, however, with the prices ratcheting up to over $10,000/bottle, it could easily be confused with Expensive. To be fair; you can find a bottle of red for a little as $50, if you try hard enough ; )If you find yourself in Vegas, make a reservation at Sage. You will be glad that you did. It does not disappoint.
5	This is a sincere request to all of you in Vegas:Please. Eat Here. Your taste buds will thank me and your palette will be prodigious.The first time I came here, I immediately ordered the tasting menu (the more expensive Chef's tasting menu of $150 because, well, it's Vegas. Go big or go home as they say).  Yes, it may be expensive but you are getting a good range and feel for what Sage is. Also, you are paying for art and we all know how expensive that can be ! The portions are small as this is the tasting menu but you will be exposed to so many different, exotic items. The things that stood out to me the mo st (and will be returning for) were the day boat scallops, the chilled sweet melon soup (with the surprise of violet),braised beef shank and Peach tart (which was found on the $89 menu. I substituted it for the Opera cake). After your meal, don't be afraid to try their Absinthe drink. It's strong, but they add lemon/lime flavor to moderate the taste of alcohol. On top of everything, they have a very friendly, knowledgeable staff who tell you what's in the dish as well as the name of the dish and can impressively pronounce all the words I never knew existed.
5	Simply outstanding.  We ordered off the menu and let me say the menu descriptions don't do justice to the food.   We had party of six and everything we ordered was not only good, but fantastic.  I highly recommend the fish, the salads.  And the bread, oh boy.   We took clients with us, great for a business dinner, round tables available.   Atmosphere very urban and service was outstanding as well.   A little pricey, but we got away with just over $100 per person.
5	The Chilean sea bass was amazing. The atmosphere was great and so was the service.
5	I recently had the pleasure of dining at Sage and boy was I impressed!After learning one of our business dinners was to be held at Sage, I decided to check out the menu; due diligence is my thing.   Being a vegetarian, I was a bit weary when I saw so many carnivorous options. Naturally, I assumed I would just have to suck it up and go for the ol' standby of soup and salad. Boy was I mistaken!After informing the waiter of my "dietary restrictions" he informed me that the chef was happy to accommodate. He proceeded to let me know that many of the dishes could be altered to suit my needs. My needs! In my experience, most (gourmet) chefs are not happy to do such a thing. That's one star. Second star was the amuse-bouche that was *a hem* vegetarian! Third star was the delicious Sancerre and incredible wine selection. OMG. Fourth star was the slow poached egg with shaved truffles. To die for. Fifth star - and this is what did it for me - was the shaved  brussel sprout and persimmon salad with the most delightful nut butter and  BACON FREE dressing. This was literally one of the most delicious plates I've ever had!Thank you, Sage. You totally lived up to your reviews. Bravo. Well deserved!
4	Really should be 4.5 stars. My husband wanted to treat me to a splurge night out while in Vegas and this certainly for the bill.The prices are high but you get what you pay for...it was one of the best meals I ever had.My husband and I just kept saying wow after each course. Very creative flavor combinations and cooked to perfection.The only complaint was the sparkling water and martinis were on the warm side. Also the desert was underwhelming.Would definitely go back the next time I am in Vegas.
4	Came here as part of my birthday dinner.Located within Aria, Sage is one of the higher end restaurants in the plethora of fine dining establishments in Las Vegas. The decor of this restaurant creates a more intimate, private, dining environment where lights are dimmed and the decor is very Vegas-esque in that it is grand, and clean.The Sage menu is well-balanced with a selection of meat dishes, appetizers, and fish. If you are coming from CA like me, there are some foie gras dishes you may partake in ordering. As we had a long night ahead of us, and loved the selections on the 4 course meal, we both settled for that. Course #1: Beef tartare: This was the BEST beef tartare I've ever had. Hands down, delicious including the warm, crunchy, bread it was served with. If you enjoy a good beef tartare, this is a must. I also tried some of my girlfriend's foie gras creme brulee, which in my opinion was too sweet and funny tasting for my liking. Course #2: Maine Scallops: The scallops weren't the best I've had but the overall dish was good. All-in-all, a decent dish.Course #3: Australian Wagyu Sirloin: A fancy name for a dish that basically boils down to just being sirloin cuts serves with a fioe gras with creamy potatoes. The beef itself had great flavor and tenderness to it (cooked just how I asked), however I was a little put off by the foie gras. It mixed in with my potatoes and didn't taste like a great combo. I tried the 48-hour beef belly which although flavorful, felt a bit dry (overcooked).Course #4: We finished off our meal with the Milk Chocolate Cremeux. Normally, I don't enjoy sweets but this one was delicious. The Milk chocolate was extremely rich and came with a small scoop of ice cream to help blend the taste. We also had a Nut cake with caramel shavings which, when eaten together, had great flavors but wasn't all there texture wise.Service here was good, but I felt it could have definitely been better. The pace of the meal though we both went with the 4 course meal was slow, and we were sitting in between each course. Admittedly, the service and pace account for the lost star. The meal all in all was pretty expensive and given its price and the different caliber of restaurants I've eaten at for that price, it probably wasn't worth it, but then again it is Vegas and I still enjoyed my birthday.
3	This was the 2nd time dining here. The first time was exceptional. This 2nd time, well, a mixed review. We were seated right away, which was nice. Drinks and dinner were very good, but somehow, not as good as the first time I was here. I think the short ribs were a bit "fatty" and the scallops a bit "sandy". But overall, the meal was good. I think where things really dropped-off was towards the end of the meal, when it came time to either order desert or the tab, and our waiter, who had been with us from the moment we first were seated, was no where to be found. Instead, without any "hand-off" or anything, we had a different server. This was just somehow "unnerving". So, we asked for the bill, paid our tab and unceremoniously, left the restaurant without as much as a "thank you". Again, less then a "feel good", when spending some $300+ on dinner. All in all, seemed as if things were just a bit "off". Not a good thing when there are SO many dining choices in Vegas!
4	We were there for dinner with a large party, and the service was attentive without being overbearing. Knowledgeable and friendly staff.All our dishes were flavorful and well prepared. Of note, the veal cheeks and duck breast were perfectly prepared. On the dessert side, the salt caramel nut tart was not only very tasty, but was also presented in a highly interesting manner.Really nice high-end restaurant without being stuffy.I will be back.
4	This is a rating purely on the food, and not the price.  Because let's face it.. if you come to Vegas, you will get comped! Just like the rest of the Vegas restaurants, this place is overpriced.  However, if you are getting those comp dollars then please use them here! This place a delicious menu and I had a chance to taste a bit of everything!-Kushi Oysters- What's not to love about freshly shucked, small oysters that pack a lot of flavor?!  Served with a tobacco sorbet, it was quite refreshing!-Wagyu tartare- Again, see comment above.. What's not to love about tartare, especially when it's WAGYU! Really great texture, flavorful, and perfect size.-Heirloom tomatoes-  Simple, refreshing, and good.  Nothing great, but nothing bad... just tomatoes!-Foie Gras Brulee- WOW! this is something different, for sure! New spin on foie gras, delicious flavor, and the most popular dish at our table, for sure! Loved the smokey flavors without it being too salty, as foie gras can get that way sometimes!-Australian Wagyu sirloin- YUM! Melt in my mouth tender, juicy, and perfectly cooked! - Iberico Pork Loin- very tender, but I do recall a bit on the greasy side.-Chocolate Olive Oil dessert- this was quite the creation mixing both sweet and savory! I was a fan, because the olive oil was really brought out and showcased in this dish!Overall, come here if you're not paying.. Overpriced, but if you have some casino comps, or you're feeling like you want to splurge, this place will give you a great dining experience!
4	Friday night, last minute birthday dinner reservation for a group of 9?  In San Francisco, that would be a near impossible task to accomplish, but Sage was happy to accommodate us! #winningTo start:We were briefly introduced to the bar before getting seated.  After ordering a round of waters (too hungry to consume alcohol!) and getting acquainted with the menu, our dining experience began with a selection of sourdough bread and bacon bread with herb butter and sea salt.  I love bread and I simply couldn't get enough of these.  Although the bacon bread was a little on the oily side for me and the sourdough was a less sour than the SF variety, I had few complaints once I paired everything with the herb butter and salt.  The server even came around for a second time to offer additional rolls right before our food arrived!  +1 star for sure.Next, we received a complementary amuse-bouche and that was an absolute delight.  The server was soft spoken when introducing the appetizer, however, so I cannot recall exactly what we had. The flavors were subtle and worked well with the cream and sweet fruits. Main courses:Chef Shawn McClain's masterful menu includes a number of rich, indulgent, high value items.  Think oysters, sweetbreads, steaks, truffles, scallops, bone marrow...if any of these items make your mouth water, head on over.  Unfortunately, if you're vegetarian, the selection is far less accessible, although items can be modified (and prices adjusted) to accommodate dietary needs.  It was difficult to settle on just one dish, but I could never resist a good duck dish. :)I ordered the duck breast with persimmon puree, spiced rillette, and roasted cauliflower.  The duck is sourced from Grimaud farms, and the meat is noticeably leaner than other duck varieties that I've had.  i appreciated the slightly crispy skin and the sweet-salty contrast of the persimmon-duck.  Excellent flavor, hearty portion, and beautifully prepared!A few other notables: the gnocchi was the dish of the night (4 of us ordered it) and it stands out as a well-executed dish.  The braised wagyu short rib was solid too -- excellent job on the braising. Overall- Everyone was pleased and satiated with the quality of their meal.- The food is rich and you will leave feeling full.- Aside from the soft spoken servers, service was pretty solid and the dining experience was efficient and well paced, allowing us to move on to our evening activities quickly.- Dessert options were primarily cream or ice cream based (and no birthday specials).  Again, too rich!
3	We can here to drop cash and enjoy a super fancy dinner and by the reviews we were super excited. Unfortunately we were highly disappointed...and left tons of money ($150/person with only 2 drinks). The reason for our disappointment (and the opinion was unanimous between 6 people who all ordered different things) is the food lacked any sort of wow factor or creativity. Here's what we had:Appetizers:- Beef tartare: this was delicious- Veal Sweetbreads: first time I've had these and they were cooked pretty well.- Beet salad: pretty good but nothing extraordinary- Sashimi: pretty good- Octopus: this specifically was my dish and left much to be desired. Entrees:- Ribeye for two: the meat was cooked well but once again, this was nothing special for a place that is considered one of the top in Vegas.- Veal Cheeks: these were delicious- Scallop: too salty and nothing special about the technique or flavors. Needs to be elevated in some way.- Gnocchi w/ veal: this again was my dish and I was really looking forward to it. It was pretty good but the gnocchi were a really weird, mashed-potato, texture (this was the immediate reaction of anyone tasting them).So while the food is prepared well there is nothing special, elevated, or unique about this place. Too much salt and not enough creativity. Meh. The service is really good though.
5	Wonderful restaurant!!! Awesome decor, loved the purple murals. Great service as well. Tried their prix fixe menu. Oysters, scallops, wagyu sirloin, milk chocolate cremeux. All really good. One of the best in vegas. Certainly the best restaurant in Aria.
5	Ok so I have to say, you want to impress a boy or girl, take them to Sage! This is the best date place in Vegas( expect to pay a LOT)! So be sure the person you are taking will appreciate the locally sourced amazingly fresh foods that are lovingly prepared to perfection. The large space makes for an elegant evening.Oh how I wish I could eat here once a week!
4	We came with a group of 8 people. The restaurant itself is beautiful, and the staff is beyond friendly and accommodating. The food, while not necessarily overly creative, is delicious, and both well prepared and well executed. We sampled several of the starters, including the oysters, beef tartare, veal sweetbreads, and foie gras custard brulee, and our group got a variety of entrees. The two stand out entrees were the Bacon-Wrapped Iberico Pork Loin and the Yukon Gold Potato Gnocchi. Both were fantastic!
5	Apparently I've been here 10 times and never wrote a review. I am so bad.This place is one of the best restaurants in Vegas I've been to.  Sage is impressive from start to finish.  From your walk in where you find the bar and lounge, to your table in the dining room, to the amuse bouche, to actual meal, and the chef courtesy sweet drink at the end, you will never feel short changed or unattended to.Ten times I've come, and ten times I've left, full, satisfied, and wishing I had room for more excellent food.  The service is top notch, and the decor is perfect for keeping your dining experience with how it was intended by the restaurant.I've partaken both tasting menu experiences (seasonal so they changes regularly), and if you are able to part with the money, you will not be disappointed.  You also won't be disappointed with the a la carte menu either.  You really can do no wrong.  A must try is the beef tartare.  I know the idea for some is a bit off, but they do a great job with it and the use of chocolate is an excellent addition.I will admit, I was a bit sad when their lamb crudo was cycled off the menu due to seasonality on my last visit, but there will always replace items with new selections that just cannot make you miss something for very long.All in all, I intend to continue to come back every chance I get.  I just can't get enough.
4	I came here with a group of 9 for a friend's birthday weekend, and somehow, we were able to get last minute reservations. For a restaurant as popular at Sage,  it was amazing! We started off with a selection of bread. I tried both the sourdough and the bacon bread. You'd think that bacon bread is great, but it was a bit salty and not as good as I would've expected. It was still very interesting. The bread also came with some herb butter and salt, which was especially nice with the sourdough. Following the bread, we received a starter (an amuse-bouche ,which was definitely a fancy touch). I can't quite recall what was in it, but it was also very interesting in its combination of tastes.For the main course, I ordered the braised wagyu short rib, which was delicious. It was sweet and well-braised, and came with some veggies on top. I believe its was pieces of sliced potatoes and/or radish. While it didn't look very big, it was deceivingly filling. I'd definitely recommend this one.I also tried some of my friends' dishes. The duck breast was very tasty. Also, I had a bit of the gnocchi, which was very rich. I can imagine that my friends who had ordered  that one were very full. One thing that I was disappointed with was that they charge you for sparkling water! Not OK! With a restaurant as nice as this, the "flat or sparkling water?" question should yield complementary waters with either choice. Anyway, over that!Overall, I was impressed with the restaurant and the food. The ambiance is pretty nice although most of the clientele seems to be of the older crowd. We were probably the youngest ones in the restaurant. Would like to come back!
5	We ate at the bar and couldn't have been more pleased.  The bartender was excellent, and the food was delish! We finished our meal with Absinthe Russian Style, if you have never had it this way, it is something to behold. From the flaming liquor being poured to inhaling the alcohol vapors out of the glass, it was an experience.
5	After a less-than-stellar week, we really were looking forward to our weekend in Vegas, and since we were alone in Vegas on Friday night, I looked for a place that had an interesting tasting menu to go try. I'm really glad I found Sage.We had a 7:15 reservation, and it wasn't really very busy when we were there, but it could have been that Vegas itself isn't insanely busy the weekend after New Year, as lots of other restaurants didn't seem that busy over the weekend either. But that didn't matter, because we had stellar service the whole night.So we went for the eight-course tasting menu with wine pairings. They gave us an oyster as an amuse bouche, and it was absolutely delicious so we knew we were in for a great menu. They offer two types of bread: sourdough and a bacon roll. We tried both, but just moved on to the bacon roll when they returned because they were insanely good.Of the courses, I think the first course of crab and yellowtail was probably the best one, but the next course of citrus poached foie gras was brilliant. Just the right amount of citrus. The wine pairings were pretty stellar as well. Desserts were top notch as well, and even though they opera cake dessert didn't at all resemble an opera cake (which was a shame to be honest, I get the concept of deconstruction, but there's more showmanship in an assembled opera cake that I was looking forward to), it was incredibly rich and awesome.We also opted for the absinthe cart which was a treat. I've never seen it made, and it was a nice show. For me though, even though absinthe is traditionally one part absinthe to four parts water, I would have preferred a bit less water to give the flavor profile more of a punch. But I enjoyed it completely.The only dip in service for the whole night was when the rabbit dish arrived and we had no wine, but they made up for it by giving us quite a bit extra of that wine given there was sediment and the wine arrived late. So, they made up for that completely.Sage is amazing. If you want top-notch fine dining in Vegas come here. And enjoy yourself. Get the tasting menu.
5	Simply amazing. From the bread (try the bacon bread) the foie brulee is divine. Veal cheeks amazingly tender. Outstanding service. Half off bottles of wine on Sundays for locals. Ask your server.
5	We had the four course Chef's menu, and were certainly not disappointed. I went with the wagyu tartare to start (one of the best things I have ever eaten), followed by the Octopus (very good, but not the best I have ever had. We ate at Carne Vino, and their Octopus was better in texture and flavor), next up I had the Iberico pork which was as amazing as I thought it would be, and finally the panna cotta for desert (also quite tasty). The staff was attentive, and made our experience an enjoyable one.
5	Wow.  Unexpected, incredible surprise.  Food was amazing, every course absolutely perfect with diverse tastes and vibrant flavors. I have a spoiled palette and I will have trouble going anywhere else in Las Vegas.  Foodies, try Sage, stat! Also, our waiter, Bond, Julian Bond was awesome and very fun.  If you are lucky enough to get him, let him order for you.  We were blown away.
5	Really amazing food. One of the best restaurants we went to in Vegas. We had the Kobe steak and it was t odie for.
5	I am a foodie and this place is mecca.  Working backwards, my meal ended with a glass of Absinthe (okay, two of them) - but each served differently.  One was served flaming and the other from a special pipe from the Czech Republic.  The somolier was uber-knowledgable and made the experience fun and interesting.  That said, the meal was as good as anything in LA or NYC.  There are dishes for the gourmet and options for the not-so-adventurous.  That's a good thing because I am the former and my wife is the latter.  Fois Gras brulee with brioche is not to be missed!  I also had veal cheeks.  Awesome steaks, chicken, fish are also on the menu.  Desserts are individual works of art.
5	Customer Service was absolutely outstanding here.  Midway through the dinner my phone died, and I had a show to go to next, so no time to go charge it.  The server asked his staff for a charger and took my phone to the host stand and plugged it in.  Anytime I got a text he came to let me know who it was (it's locked so you can't see the message itself).  After dinner I just swung by the host stand and grabbed my phone.As for the actual dinner itself, I was very impressed.I got the truffle potato gnocchi.  Wow.  It rocked.  Wasn't too heavy or thick.  The truffles were sliced paper thin.  Both of the other people at the table kept picking at my plate.  I can't even remember what they had.  After dinner, the server brought us a complimentary "hot chocolate soup," which tasted remarkably just like hot chocolate.  Either way, it was good.  Short and sweet review.  I love this place, and I plan to go back anytime I visit the Aria.
2	Awful experience. Server was rude. Food was average. Ordered the short rib, it was more fat than meat. Sent it back and got another piece even more fatty. Disappointing experience.
4	lovely restaurant with impeccable service.  we kept a light meal with the portions just right.  the 3 of us had the beef tartare, octopus, skirt steak, duck and scallops.  we'd order those again in a heartbeat.  next time we'll save room for dessert.and of course the drink menu was full on.  what's dinner without a little old pulteney?
4	Conflicted on my review because this restaurant is really good but it is shockingly expensive. Like a trip to Mastro's expensive and the food isn't on that level. They are also rocking a 3 to 4 times mark up on wine.The service and ambience are pretty great though, so check it out, but bring your high limit credit card for sure.
5	I love the bar area very sexy..wagyu beef tartare was amazing. .belgian ale braised short rib was great..carrot cake with ice cream was so good
5	Sage was the scene for our "rehearsal" dinner with family and friends who'd journeyed out to Las Vegas for Carol W and my wedding.  A month prior to our arrival, I'd called Sage to make reservations for a large party of 15-16 people.  I was very surprised when the person I spoke with at Sage was so nonchalant (in a good way) about my request, not asking for a credit card number to hold the reservation, just saying, "We'll see you on Jan 10th."  The only contact I received from the restaurant was a confirmation call made to me the day of a few hours before our reservation time.  Sage was picked for this momentous occasion because we'd both eaten and had drinks there on a couple of previous trips to LV and had been suitably impressed by its contemporary American cuisine and killer cocktails.  More importantly, our party consisted of diners of varying levels of sophistication and adventurousness, but we knew that Sage had accessible food that virtually anyone could find something they would eat and enjoy.  This time was no different and, in fact, was its best showing to date.Our party of 15 arrived a few minutes prior to our 7:30pm reservations.  We were seated at a long table at the back of the restaurant partially sectioned off from the main dining room.  I don't know if Sage has private dining rooms, but our table worked perfectly for us as the noise level from the full house of diners never rose above average to intrude on our meal.Given the diverse tastes of our party and our planned budget, we opted for the Signature Tasting Menu (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sage-las-vegas-2?select=iYda89NQBM3fTPcNBQzBeg#iYda89NQBM3fTPcNBQzBeg) Without getting into specifics for each course as every item on the tasting menu was ordered by someone at our table, everyone pushed back from the table satisfied and pleased with what they had received.  However, the Foie Gras Brulee, the Grilled Spanish Octopus, 48 Hour Beef Belly, and both dessert selections seemed to receive the highest praise.  Our lead server, Lauren, did an amazing job synchronizing her team in keeping everyone's order straight; delivering our food simultaneously; keeping the water, wine, and cocktails flowing; and even coordinating with the kitchen to accommodate two of our party's special requests to substitute items on menu.  It was an exemplary performance by the kitchen, service staff, and sommelier.  Sage delivered everything we had hoped for and more in a special occasion meal!  I recommend Sage 100 percent for your special occasion, especially if you're celebrating it with a large group.
3	This was our second visit to Sage.  The first was about 9 months ago, and I reviewed it 5 stars across.  It was truly one of, if not they best Vegas restaurant, and fully deserving of the Zagat rating is enjoys.  I am sorry say that based on this last visit, it has gone downhill.The decor and atmosphere was of course still wonderful.  Also, the food was very good, not top notch, but certainly very good.  I would have recommended it based on these factors.  The problem came with the service.  Our server, while very nice, was simply absent.  She was at least okay when we first sat, until we ordered.  After, she was virtually non existent.  We wanted fresh drinks, and the glasses sat empty forever, until we had a busboy finally track her down.  It also took her forever to ask us about dessert, and when she finally did, she never bothered to ask if anyone wanted coffee or anything to drink - she left too quickly.   We had to flag her down after, and by the time one cup of tea came, we were ready to cancel.Not sure if she was having an off night, or if the service has taken a turn for the worse, but either way the service was very sub par, and made for a not so pleasant evening.
5	First-rate dining experience from top-to-bottom. My wife and I both tried the four course tasting menu with wine pairings -- every course was spectacular and the wine pairings matched perfectly.  Even the bread (bacon rolls and baguettes) was awesome.Highlights of the meal:-- Heirloom baby beets -- the whipped Harbison cheese was to die for.-- Grilled spanish octopus -- I'm not one to normally like octopus, but the combo with the charred pumpkin and whatever other spices they had rocking  made me forget I was eating one of the sea's strangest looking creatures.-- Beef belly braised for 48 hours -- the meat was fatty and very, very tender (almost melted in your mouth).A price of $89 pp for the four courses and $44 for the wine pairings was definitely a steal by Vegas standards for the quality of food and wine we enjoyed.The wait staff was great. The timing of the whole meal was spot-on -- we never felt rushed (in contrast to other nice Vegas restaurants, it would seem) but didn't have to wait long between courses, either. Our waiter was great about answering any questions and took some extra time to talk about each of the wines as there were a few we had never had before or really heard of.Overall, this was the best dinner we had during our Vegas trip.  We'll definitely be back.
3	After reading reviews I booked a table for myself and seven friends for my 30th birthday.  The setting was great and the tasting menu on paper seemed too good to be true.  Unfortunately it was. The food was good but not great. The service was less than great.  For $200 a person with an auto gratuity we sat waiting at our table for 10-15min before the waitstaff stopped to ask what kind of water we wanted.  The tasting menu was not provided and we had to request it.  At the end we wanted to split the bill which was no issue but the waiter motioned to his watch and referenced timing when we asked that he run two credit cards and take the balance in cash.   Not a great experience to say the least.  The highlight for me was the scallops and desert.Maybe we had a bad waiter and I ordered the wrong items at each course...regardless I left feeling full yet unsatisfied with the experience.
5	this place is a must go if you're staying at the aria or just in las vegas in general. delicious food, perfect portions & yeah, the price is a little crazy high if you're not used to spending that much on food, but it's worth it. trust me, it's somewhere worth the $500 bill~ hah my favorite was the kobe steak, the yellowtail & the tartare.
4	Come business casual and make reservations if your staying at the aria and it won't be as hard to get one, if not a few days before. It's lightly lit and amazing at the table we have the chefs tasting menu and adding the wine tasting. Wine came with each course and each bite was mouth watering (pictures below). The waiter knew that I didn't like the oyster that came out with my order and quickly asked for another substitute. I ended up with a salad which was amazing. I'll post pictures course by course cause each was just amazing as the next and prior. If you don't know what to order when you go there, get the chef course + wine sampler and you can't go wrong. On top of it all they had absinthe!
3	The service - 5 stars. The food - 2.  I love me some fatty red meat, but the short rib was over-the-top fatty. I couldn't eat half of it.  My friend's gnocchi was way too garlicky. The only thing that saved this meal was the service which, as stated at the start, was impeccable. Don't think I'll be returning, though.
2	For the money not even close to worth it. The wait staff, though many, was horrible. It was during the second corse that I had to "ask"for a cocktail. Steak was not cooked to order, and portions were knoll... Not worth to cost for sure... Funny.... $21 for a glass of Rodney Strong Chardonnay... Really... Been there done thAt and will not return..
5	One of the best meal I had in a very long time! I highly recommend Sage! It was my second visit there! Fantastic food. The prize fix menu was wonderful. Good service. Great wine list. The best steak tartar ever....Try it!
5	Best. Meal. Ever.Not just the best meal ever in Vegas, but the best meal of any place I've ever been - Paris, L.A., Dallas, Madrid....you get the point.I was able to sample from all the plates that our party of 4 ordered.Highlights:Appetizers: Sweetbreads. Trust me on this one even if you're not a sweetbread fan. They serve them roasted with mushrooms, pork belly, greens, and a creamy polenta sauce that is absolutely delicious. I've had sweetbreads in lots of places. These were amazing.Dinner: New York Strip. The steak was cooked perfectly and the sweet onion puree that it was served on was perfect.Dessert: I was too full to order, but I did try the apple fritters a girl at our table ordered. Once again...spectacular.Drinks: If you are a fan of Belgian beers, Sage has a great selection. I wish I could remember the Belgian they had on tap that came at the recommendation of our bad-ass waiter, but it escapes me.Eat here.
4	For a birthday in Las Vegas, we decided to try out something new, the Sage restaurant in Aria Hotel. We're glad we did!First, Sage is a beautiful space filled with beautiful people. Mostly 20-somethings and 30-somethings in the bar, which was hopping by 8:00pm. The restaurant is all dark and elegant. The food is mostly deserving of its Zagat rating and local praise. The highlights were: braised beef short rib, which had a marvelous demi glace and garnished with roasted parsnips and carrots. Delicious! The scallops were enormous and wonderful.  Less successful was the duck breast, which was chewy. And the fish of the night was unspectacular. You do better with meats here.Desserts are good, but get ready for tiny portions. Apple fritters were very small fritter bits scattered with a small amount of apple. The purple sweet potatoe pie with charred marshmallow was delicious, but again, the tiny wedge of pie could fit in a toddler's hand. For $12-15, you'd think you were getting desserts that are sharable!As others have mentioned, service was erratic. Our waiter was professional enough, but he seemed to have too many tables, even some very far away -- why not delegate sections for waiters? Even with different assistant waiters and water boys, we still had to wait quite a bit. We ordered absinthe with our desserts, and it was completely forgotten. Then we had to ask to have it removed from the bill. Little things like that take away from the experience.
2	The Positive - Nice Ambiance!Major Disappointment - On one of my flights back from Europe saw a documentary about Master SOMM - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UUunwFZFqZoThere are apx 205 Master SOMM in the world and one was working at Sage!  How excited I was being a passionate wine lover and having had the rare chance to visit some of the finest and exclusive wineries in Boudreaux &Napa. My knowledge of wine is far limited as compared to that of a Master SOMM. When I can save up a few shillings I take the opportunity to indulge my senses (with the family) and get pampered in the culinary arms of world renowned (Michelin) chefs where the service is usually bar none and with it put the local SOMM to the test.  There are hidden treasures and with this is the opportunity for me to get a chance to experience through the help of a SOMM (local usually as there are only 205 Master SOMM in the world) and give them a reasonable price range to choose a wine after describing the flavors and style of wine I am in search of.  99.9% of the time the SOMM comes back with a bottle I have never heard of and causes a frenzy in my search for more!  Well, guess what this Master SOMM came back with- Chateauneuf Du Pape - (Similar to one I can pick up at one of the local Costco) -To add to the insult, we ordered the tasting menu and when the runners brought the dishes their passion to explain each dish runs off like a bullet train at 1000 mph only to leave you guessing about the dish you are about to sink your fork into.While the flavors of the food were actually decent this place treats you like a Vegas hop on hop off bus, just another number Baby!
5	Simply, WOW!!! Had reservations for a Monday night, place was fairly empty, so we were seated immediately.  Waitstaff was knowledgable and attentive... Our table ordered from the dinner menu, decided against the tasting menu, but will probably give it a shot on our next trip... Our entrees were, the scallops, the duck, and the pork. After trying a little of everyone's dishes, we were all very satisfied with our personal selections, but couldn't wait to return to devour one of the other selections!! Finished the night off with absinthe... When in Rome... First time tasting, very pleased and will be sampling different types in the future... Will I be returning? We ate at sage on day one of our trip, I tried finding a way to go back before we left town.. Cannot wait to return!!
4	Great meal.  Although portions are quite small, it is kind of perfect so you can really eat and not get uncomfortably full.  Wagyu Beef Tartare is what we started with for our early valentines day meal.  Very good starter, served with crispy sourdough toast.  Finished the plate clean.  Butter they serve with their bread course was to die for.  Whipped to perfection and served with sea salt on the side.  The taste was that of a light french onion dip on bread.  Entree's we had were American Kobe Skirt Steak and Bacon-Wrapped Pork Loin.  Steak cooked perfectly (as recommended by our server John F.) and Pork Loin was amazingly tender.  My favorite thing on the Pork Loin dish was the Smoked Apple Puree.  Definitely a must with every single bite.  Dessert was small in size but huge in flavor.  Purple Sweet Potato Pie, on top of a burnt marshmallow with what seamed like rice krispies and angostura bitters ice cream.  By far the best thing of the night.  Perfect for that person who "doesn't do dessert" but wants something sweet after a meal.  Service was what you expect from a fine dining place.  A million different people clearing your plates and serving your water.  Our server John F.  was very informative when we asked our questions.  It was a slow night so kind of expected a little faster service, but overall a great experience and a great meal.
2	Went on a Friday night - last minute reservation.  We were seated immediately and met by our waiter who was enthusiastic, friendly, witty and made us feel comfortable.  That is as good as the night got.We ordered the Kushi oysters.  I have had them before and they are sweet and delicate.  For some reason there was way too much Siriacha sauce on them and completely overpowered the oyster.  We had to scrape off the hot sauce to salvage them.Next up was the scallop ditch for my wife and I had the Snake River Farms NY Strip.  Both dishes were so salty that we couldn't finish the meals.  The medium rare steak was exceptionally poor quality with ribbons of silver ribbon that made the steak inedible as I couldn't cut through let alone chew the meat. The steak also was finished with salt and there was so much on the top that it was crunchy.The waiter tried his best to rectify by bringing another portion of La Ratted Potatoes which were actually very good, but the bowl only has about 2 millimeters of potatoes and didn't save the day.  Unbelievable small portion size.The waiter sold us that he was disappointed in the quality of the food as well and that he would call his manager.  We didn't ask for anything or want any food replaced, just wanted out.  The manager was not very empathetic and tried to comp a desert or something else which we politely declined.  He didn't have much else to say and went back to the bar to continue his conversation with two lady customers sitting there. What a manager.They did take our cocktails off the final bill.  The waiter deserves 5 stars, but the chef actually 1 star for the potatoes.  Ambiance is nice, but would never recommend.
4	After reading the sulfuric reviews of comparable Strip restaurants, I dined at Sage with fairly low expectations.  I need not have worried, since the food and the experience were first-rate.I had the $89 prix fixe which was good value for 4 courses.  Wagyu beef tartare, octopus salad, veal cheeks, and panna cotta dessert.  All were superb except the octopus which was a bit over-sauced.Most impressively, the very professional waitress steered me away from the wine pairing so I got beverages well complementing the food and even cheaper than the $44 pairing -- $35 for cocktail, wine and beer.The veal cheeks was the best rendition of this dish I've ever had, but the star of the meal was the panna cotta dessert, a magnificent presentation.  Pastry chef = wizard.The overall price, `$135 ex tip, was great value.  It can be beaten in NYC but only in very few places.It has been said that most of the fine-dining options on the Strip are either gyp joints or ridiculously expensive.  Sage breaks the mold.
5	LAS VEGAS: Absolutely epic meal.  I dine all over the country, and this is one of my top five picks anywhere, which is saying something for being on the strip.  Some people have mixed experience, but here is mine:The poached egg with truffle shavings was marvelous, the highlight of my night.  Perfectly cooked egg, crostini spears, and an appropriate and generous portion of truffle shavings on top.  WONDERFUL, complex, flavorful and rich.Next was the Foie gras, best I have had, because it was paired with this chewy, spongy, delicately toasted, thick, buttery Texas toast bread that was to die for.  That-with the smooth richness of the Foie gras-was superb.I followed it up with scallops that were perfect.  They didn't have any surprises, but were simply perfectly executed scallops, which is a feat of its own.I am so eager to return.
4	Birthday Dinner for 12 was executed well!Foie and sweetbread was a must to start (the ban here at home had most of us with foie on the forefront of our minds)Highlights: Veal cheeks paired with an excellent Cotes du Rhone, gnocchi dish and the scallops.
5	We did the four course meal option Sage offers for $89 a person, and it not only was one of the best meals I've had in Vegas, it was one of the top two meals I've ever eaten. Everything was prepared excellently, the service was impeccable and the atmosphere was perfect. The only meal that tops this was my personally cooked omikase from James Beard award winner Nobuo in Scottsdale. That should tell you how great this meal was. Highly, highly recommend.
3	This place varies between a 3 and 4. The space is very eye pleasing and it's located well just off the front lobby in Aria. We had a larger group but the service was bit spotty at the start. Some confusion over allergies but they recovered well. As for the food, the wagyu beef tartare was well constructed and balanced. Beautiful seared boat scallops but the wagyu short ribs were inconsistent, some cuts had too much fat. Overall, a decent meal at the price point for fine dining in Las Vegas. Wouldn't be rushing to book a second trip but could come back if the location made sense.
3	Nothing was BAD, but nothing was particularly GOOD.Not the kind of thoughts that you want to have after spending over $350 on a meal.  The massive dining room created a woefully impersonal ambiance that the quite excellent waitress could not remedy with her well-timed conversation tidbits and attentive service.   An entirely forgettable experience.
2	Very disappointing.  Great food but absolutely glacial service and microscopic portions. My waiter would disappear for 15 min at a time on at least four occasions. Dinner took twice as long as it should have.  I had to go eat a real dinner after this disaster because I was still so hungry. But what little they did serve me was excellent. So this is another case of the front of house failing the back of house. Management needs to apologize to the chefs. When I let the matre d know how disappointed I was he said he was sorry. Not as sorry as I was picking this dog for my last dinner In town (second to last because I had to go get food after this starvathon)
5	We had such a spectacular experience dining (twice) at Sage this week! Although we decided to eat at the bar, our bartender/server (Richard) gave us his undivided attention all evening, provided thorough knowledge of the menu, and even put on a fire show for us when he poured our Absinthe after dinner cocktail!! Robert was a perfectly attentive and enjoyable server- with serious mixology skills and liquor knowledge. Thanks again Robert! The specialty craft cocktails (especially the Old Fashioned) were some of the best we have ever tasted. We had the wagyu beef tartare, roasted sweetbread, wagyu short ribs, and gnocchi side...which all were out of this world! WE HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!!
5	Our annual trip to Sage and again a 5 star experience. We had a fun drink at the bar with Erin serving us (he must be the best bartender in Vegas).Our group ordered the beet salad, octopus, NY strip, and arctic char. They were all terrific. I ordered my usual wagyu beef tartare to start and it was so good as always. For my main, I ordered the potato gnocchi for the first time. I am so happy I did. It is prepared with braised lamb and pistachio's which meld together so well. By far the best gnocchi I have ever had. It was so filling I could not order dessert but so worth it. It's a seasonal dish but if you are lucky enough to see it on Sage's menu-ORDER IT!Bottom line: Food and service here are exceptional and have been that way since they opened. Sage's GM, Robert, runs a first class operation and that's what keeps us coming back year after year.If you have a special occasion or just want to have a dinner to remember in Vegas-make a reservation at Sage. You will remember it all year long.
5	There is simply one word that can describe this restaurant...WOW!!!!!My husband and I joined our friends for an amazing experience here. The restaurant is beautifully decorated and the service is impeccable. Their wine list and sommelier were great. Now for the food...wow all around!!! We were with a big group so almost everything on the menu was ordered. Everything was cooked to perfection and the flavors of every bite came alive in your mouth!!! One negative was that their dessert menu was short but still good!!!Can't wait for another Vegas trip so I can go backMake sure to call ahead and make reservations!!
4	I've always love this place from the day they open, what keeps me coming back!? There menu change all the time which is great.... Food doesn't get boring.
4	I organized a dinner at Sage for my husband's 50th birthday. The service was impeccable, friendly and they didn't take themselves too seriously (a huge plus in my book). The food was divine without exception. This is a lovely place for a special dinner out on the Strip, expensive but not outrageous for the quality. Well done!
4	I organized a bachelorette party dinner for 24 girls at Sage. The restaurant could not have been more accommodating to our large group and rushed scheduled! The sexy, modern ambiance and huge wine/cocktail list couldn't have made for a better start to our night!Love it:- Bacon rolls to start are divine! The usually carb conscious group could not stop eating them!- The sommelier made amazing recommendations for champagne, red, and white wines for the table. We enjoyed all three!- I loved my scallops! The preparation was simple, but they were cooked to absolute perfection. - Other girls loved the gnocchi and short rib!I would love to come back to try more of the menu! Thank you for a great celebratory dinner, Sage!
1	An extremely pretentious restaurant; my experience here was horrid. My girlfriend and I were in Las Vegas for a friend's wedding when I decided to take her to Sage to celebrate her upcoming birthday. We entered the restaurant and were seated in an uncomfortable booth that contained several pillows. My girlfriend has a bad back, so we requested to move to a table. The restaurant was more than half empty, but the server still rudely and condescendingly scoffed at us, refusing to accommodate our request because the tables were "for four-tops". I thought he was kidding at first; when I realized he was serious, we got up and exited the restaurant. The staff noticed us leaving and requested we stay. No, thank you!
4	Visited Vegas last weekend and had to introduce my friends to the great ambiance & service of Sage. Sage is located feet away from the Aria reception area. It has a somehwat small front, but don't let that fool you, the dining area has a grand high ceiling dining room with gentle ambient lighting and spacious dining tables.We made a reservation previous day, when we arrived, we were taken promptly to the dining area. We had a large circuluar table and very comfotable seating. We already had some cocktails from the Sage bar area ( $15  crafted cocktails).  Our waitress Virgina did a great job explaining the menu and some options for a 4 course meal. Scanning the menu we decided to have grilled spanish octopus to start & I ordered the snake river NY strip steak coupled with a Merlot to enhance the taste.When the appitizer arrived, they brought in two seperate plates as they knew we were sharing, The Spanish Octopus was very tasty, had a nice ting to it, I would have it again! Our friends ordered Wagyu Beef Tartare & they did not like it & returned it, we were not charged for it later.My snake river NY strip arrived and I must say is was very good, Beef Marrow,  Potatoes, and glazed maitake mushrooms. Was it tastey? Yes, Was it worth $54? No.And last but not least, desert, and this was the big grand finale since Absinth was recently legalized. This is an experince worth daring to do since you are in Vegas & I did not post photos of any who decided to try it.  The choice was Butterfly Switzerland, which is a 130 proof A Absinth. You dont drink it, you inhale the fumes..and again, yes, it is legal. The effect apparently, is like getting somewhat high ~~~~~^^^^^^^^ 8-D..We spent a good 2 hours there and we had a good time. The service was excellent but the prices were a tad high and thats why I am giving it a 4 star. My recommendation, skip dinner and go for the $35 Butterfly Switzerland Absinth!
4	Too many options on the strip but Sage came highly recommended. Drink:  I had the 'Elusive Spring' which is a nice, light & refreshing cocktail made with Buffalo Trace bourbon.  Eat:  The American Red Snapper (excuse the blurry pic) on a bed of peas and gnocci...I finished every morsel on my plate!  So delicious & not at all heavy.   They also start you off with some fennel amuse bouche thingy - I can't tell you what it was but it was a nice bite.Sweet:  None for me but the mezcal float and extensive absinthe menu caught my eyeStaff:  Nice and non-intrusive serviceAmbience:  Low key, sophisticated but not stuffy & good music (deep house?)
5	The chef's signature menu is incredible. We added a few things to it, and were almost uncomfortably full, so don't do that. Just do the chef's signature menu. Also, request Jason Bond as your waiter, because he is just the greatest thing that has ever happened ever. Attentive, adorable, and great at making suggestions should you require them. I have a giant crush on him. But anyways:we added the foie gras creme brulee, because our amazing waiter told us to, and it was delightful. I'm not sure why it comes with giant pieces of buttered, baked bread though. The foie gras is so delicate, that putting it on a giant piece of texas toast feels a bit sacreligious. We also added a raw dish, which Jason warned us was small, but we didn't listen...and we should have. It was delicious, but split for ways, it was just a tiny bite. On to the signature menu!The wagyu beef tartar is sinfully delicious. It comes with a slow poached egg that is rich and runny and perfect, as well as crispy chocolate, which - not gonna lie - you can't really taste, but it adds a nice texture contrast. The dayboat scallops were among the most perfectly cooked that I've ever had, with a salted carmel reduction that was a fantastic flavor balance.I was already getting full by the time the wagyu sirloin showed up, but when I saw that marbling, I basically swooned under the table, then got up, and cleaned my plate. Incredible. We shared the desserts, a chocolate confection, and a fun take on a lemon pie. They were both served rather deconstructed, so we had a lot of fun tasting different components and savoring each flavor. Such a good experience.
5	The food was excellent! I would definitely recommend it for the food. Lovely dining room. The service? Not so much. For the ratings, I was expecting service to match. Although the website touts that this restaurant has uncomplicated the menu, there were words I didn't recognize. When I mentioned to the server that I felt like I needed a dictionary for some of the words, he suggested that I access Google on my phone to find my answers. Later during our dining experience, I heard him say the same thing to the women at the next table. I'm sorry, but I thought we were being discouraged to use cell phones in restaurants. I wonder too if a man had asked about the menu if the server would have responded as glibly. I felt somewhat rushed in that my dining partner ate a little faster than me, and every time she had finished a course the server would come and attempt to remove both of our plates. During our tasting I had to ask to not have my plate removed on three different occasions. Finally, I was disappointed that our table was not tidied during our entire meal. The fact that there are no tablecloths may have been a factor.  The table was wooden and pretty, but during the meal drips, spills and crumbs went unnoticed by the staff and impacted the presentation of the food and pleasantness of the experience. Although the food was exceptional, and I would recommend Sage for the food, I expected a better overall dining experience and unfortunately Sage fell short. I'd give the restaurant a 5 for food, but a 2 for service. BTW, we went early on a Friday before going to a 9:30 show.
3	Ambiance is impressive and chic. While the menu is creative (lots of egg and truffle used) the dishes - all of them - are extremely salty. Not a terrible place, but not the best and probably not worth the price.
4	It started out a little disappointing as we had to wait 20 minutes for our table prior even though we had a reservation.  The restaurant decor is very elegant and interesting.  We started with oysters and scallops.  Both were phenomenal.  Probably best seared scallops I have ever had.  Both are signature items for the chef.  For dinner we had the NY Strip and the short ribs.  Both were excellent choices.  Very nice wine selections.  The service was also very impressive.  I don't think it's any more pricey than other fine dining restaurants and I would highly suggest a visit.
5	Absolutely enjoyed the dinner I had here.   Service was excellent and I have some very good memories from the dinner here.  A true pleasure and enjoyable experience.  Highly recommended.
1	Out of the 100+ fine dining tasting experiences I've had this ranks at the bottom. Four of us had the chefs signature menu and we were all disappointed. The food was bland or salty. Lacked imagination. The server was rude and made me feel stupid because I didn't know anything about absinthe.
5	I live in Vegas and this is probably one of my favorite restaurants. The food is top notch, but so is the decor, the ambiance and the staff.The beef tartare is a must have. Hard to describe, you just have to experience it. The sweetbreads are really, really rich and as an appetizer, the portion could probably be cut in half. My favorite entrees are the scallops and the skirt steak. Both are probably unlike anything you've tasted before. The scallops are cooked to pure perfection with a beautiful sear on the outside, and the sauce....to die for. I eat tartare, so I like a rare steak and it came out the perfect temp. Nothing  worse than an overcooked steak. I'm not a big dessert person so can't really comment there, but I promise you one thing. Sage will give you an over the top dining experience!
3	We made reservations for 6 pm on a Saturday night. It was not too busy but we were seated in very close proximity to two other couples, right in the middle, providing us very little privacy. In fact, next table to us butted in a few times in our conversation. Ironic given the restaurant was empty. Now to our food, we ordered the grilled octopus appetizer, and for our main entree we ordered the scallops and the halibut. All these dishes were highly recommended.Grilled octopus came out on a salad with sauce that drenched it. It was done right but the flavor was lost with the salt overkill. Our main courses unfortunately was very similar, salt overkill. Do not eat here if you have high blood pressure or are sensitive to swelling. The service was great, and We were very well attended to.
4	I went here for the Iberico pork and absinthe. I got to mark those two things off my culinary bucket. Here's how the rest of the meal went.I really wanted the prix fix menu, but everyone at the table has to participate. At $89 each, it seemed like a deal, actually. But the Hubs had his eye on the short ribs from the dinner menu, so we just chose our own entrees. The waiter brought us a basket of bread with two kinds of bread in it. I don't remember what the second kind was because all I heard him say was "bacon bread." It was amazing. The bacon was so finely chopped up you could barely see it in the bread. It was like bacon dust throughout the bread. And it was crispy on the outside and soft inside. Amazing.To start, we got the Wagyu steak tartare, which probably the best I've ever had (who knows if it was really wagyu or not, but it was very very good). Here's were things began to get weird. When it came time to place our order, I ordered the Iberico pork loin, but I said "Iberico ham, I mean, loin." I think they thought I said "lamb loin," which is also on the menu. Another person in our party also ordered the Iberico pork. But when the food came out, they only brought one, and gave me a lamb loin. When I said, that's not what I ordered, they looked at me really funny and took it away. It was kinda noisy and I guess it was technically my fault, but we didn't even get an apology or anything. It was bizarre that something like that would happen at a restaurant like this, and that they wouldn't apologize. The mix up really didn't spoil our meal or experience, though. We laughed about it later.The Hub's short ribs were to die for. He actually makes a very good recipe for short ribs himself, and when he orders short ribs at a restaurant, he always says his are better. But not this time. I tasted them, and they were just the right ratio of fatty and meaty. The lamb loin did look good, and someone else at our table ordered it and said it was very good. It came with morels, and she ordered it mostly because of that. We have them every spring in WV, but none of us had ever ordered them from a restaurant. Once the Iberico pork did come out, it was exceptional. But It wasn't like the holy grail of pork like I thought it would be. Think pasture raise pork prepared really well. Is it better than regular pork loin? Exponentially. It was darker meat (like the color of ham instead of the usual pale pink or white of pork loin). There was another kind of pork on the plate with it. It's not listed on the menu on their website, but it was like pulled pork. Except it reminded me of salt cod; very salty, dry and flaky. It was WAY over salted--and maybe it was supposed to be, but I think they could have left this off the plate. It really only took away from the lovely Iberico pork loin.Sage has an absinthe menu, and it's quite a presentation. I'd never tried it before, but I've wanted to since it recently was legalized in the U.S. Since I didn't know anything about the different kinds of absinthe, I asked the waiter about the differences. He was very knowledgeable about them. There were offerings from Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, France, Switzerland and a few others. The Wisconsin one is actually owned partly by Marilyn Manson, and it's called Mansonithe or something like that. Very kitchy. I went with the Swiss absinthe because the waiter told me it was a recipe from 1902 (hello, upsale). The drinks run anywhere from $25 to $35. The absinthe is poured in a brandy glass. A sugar cube is placed on a slotted absinthe spoon and lit on fire. After most of the sugar melts, distilled water is poured on it from this big silver dispenser that looked a little like a hookah. The presentation was exquisite, but the taste... meh. If you don't like Jagermeister, you won't like absinthe. But if you really just want the wow factor of the presentation and to say you tried it once (and maybe won some money in Vegas that you want to blow), this is the place to do it.
2	Legitimate gripes.  Took my wife here for her birthday. We were excited and wanted to love this place.The hostesses were almost oblivious to guests standing in front of them.The tables. Spaced nicely apart .  However the giant pedestal under the table leaves you nowhere to put your feet. Photos of you and your guest?  Moments after being sat, we were asked if we would like our photo taken.  Unbelievable at a well priced dining establishment. Took the romance right out of the restaurant.The sommelier the star of the night . Five stars.We ordered fois and tartare apps.  Scallops and short ribs for entrees.Fois good, weird but good. Apps came flying out. The tartare tasted excellent except for the gelled egg yoke. Overcooked. How did no one notice in the kitchen. I ate it anyway. No sooner were apps removed before the entrees came flying out as well.  My worst pet peeve in a restaurant. I thought we were at mcdonalds. Scallops no real complaints. Short rib, same. Biggest complaint here, the bus staff is not trained to not take plates until all guests are finished. How many times will they try to take your plates. Buy a book on dining etiquette and train it to your staff.About an hour into our rushed meal, we had had enough. Pass on desserts. Even though I wrote in my open table reservation that it was my wife's birthday we were celebrating, this was never acknowledged.   We paid our bill and left a fifteen percent tip. Our usual is twenty percent. Ten would have been deserved.Sage. Thanks for ruining dinner. We were so bummed after eating there, we cancelled our reservation at Gordon Ramsay steak.  Tired of paying for less then stellar experiences.   We both work for our money.
5	(bar/appetizer review only). Shady rolled in to begin an epic 1 night/4 restaurant exploration of all that is Aria. Shady and VERY lucky guest began the quest at the star of Aria's dining options-Sage. Starting with the barkeep reco'd coffee infused bison and onto the snap peas with salumi, Sage is a great upscale dining option in Vegas. The bison was tender and tasty, and the snap peas and salumi a pefecr bar appetizer. Shady and Co had a few cocktails, Shady opting for the classic Hank Larson and making nice with the staff. Shady was rewarded when the kitchen had an extra egg truffle and potato to go-more food than Shady bargained for for a first stop on his 3 hour tour-but WOW, was that good! Decadent and delicious, cannot reco' highly enough . Shady and Co. stumbled out of Sage satiated and looking forward to the next stop -Serrano. Shady would love to come back to Sage for a full on dining experience. It's that nice.
1	I was there with my friend on 5/23 for dinner and both had the tasting menu. I also had the wine paring. If I could give a negative star rating, I would. We paid $350 in total with multiple supplements. I got tin foil in one of my dishes. I got apologies and a new plate, but no offer to discount the bill. For this expensive a place, I was appalled, but didn't want to make a scene. I shouldn't have had to ask to have them do something to make up for it.  I have frequented many a Michelin star restaurant and most of the fine dining restaurants in San Francisco and Napa Valley.  In addition, we both felt the food was underwhelming.  This lack of customer service is shocking and insulting. This was supposed to be our nice meal of the trip and I couldn't have been more upset at the experience.
5	I went here with a group of people last weekend during a weekend getaway.  We had high hopes about the quality of the meal and were not disappointed.  We got the Sage tasting menu, which came with 4 incredibly flavorful and enjoyable courses.  The best part of the meal was the ability of the waitstaff to assess the personality of our party and really personalize our dining experience.  We thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, the meal, and our time spent at Sage.  It was easily one of the most enjoyable dining experiences I've ever had.  I would happily come back to this restaurant next time I'm in town.
3	Nice atmosphere. Good service. A bit slow. Tables to close. There are a few restaurants set up this way. I don't like it. Food was tasty. Tiny portions.
5	Few buddies and I were together for a few days in Vegas looking willing to splurge for a great meal ... But not just hitting the typical steak house.  Found Sage on Yelp and thought we would give it a try.Pretty impressive menu and wine list... We opted for the full tasting menu including the wine pairings.  I would give the overall food a 10 out of 10, the wine pairings a 9 out if 10, the wine quality for such a great experience a 7 out if 10. Favorites of the night by all three of us were crab / yellowtail crudo, foie grois, quail, strip loin, and raspberry mousse.  We were split on pork terrine and crispy tail, mini terrarium and all three were less than impressed with salmon belly.  Posted pics of each course.Great night out, took about 2.5 hours ... Would do it again but maybe order a good bottle!Highly rate!
5	Enjoyed the "Signature Tasting Menu" with wine pairing.  All wine was 92 points or better, and brilliantly paired.  The Foie appetizer is so different, but if you really want to experience insanity and guilt, the Foie candy bar as a dessert is mind blowing.  Everything that came out was fantastic. Jason, our waiter was tremendous. An all time great meal was had by all.  Back dining room is quiet and bathed in dark fabrics, front of house more sensory minded, with music and lighting.
4	This was hands down the highlight of our night in Vegas. We were disappointed in the foie gras appetizer though... Even though it's the most popular on the menu. We both love our foie gras pan seared, and this was more of a pate foie gras.... Not our favorite. :(BUT... The scallops I had were absolutely delicious... And my husbands halibut was outstanding. You can't go wrong if you choose either of these entrees. The dessert was a foie gras 'snicker bar'... It was nice, not outstanding. The presentation of it was beautiful! :-)
5	Came here for dinner with a friend and wow were we impressed! Service from our waiter and all other employees was amazing and unlike most restaurants, they folded my napkin whenever I left the table to use the restroom and helped me up from my seat. Recommendations and food were impeccable and cooked to perfection. Definitely suggest the tartare.
5	Everything was fantastic. We did the signature menu and were very impressed. As good as the food was, our server Marcus was the star of the show. Probably one of the best servers I've ever had the pleasure of dining with. Sage is extremely lucky to have you Marcus, thank you for your superior service, it meant a lot to us.
4	One of my idiosyncrasies is checking out how a restaurant is decorated. I love how Sage is decorated. It's dark but the colors of golds and purple jump out. The service is always pretty good. The food is good but I have to admit the ambiance is what I appreciate more.I've had a full tasting menu here. Honestly, I can't remember how it was, other than the fact that it was pretty good. Nothing jumped out too much. I also had the NY steak, which was VERY good, and at one time ordered a rib eye years ago, although I didn't see it on the menu on a recent visit. I've also had a risotto dish years ago (perhaps this was part of the tasting dish?) and it was decent but wouldn't order it again. There's a cool absinth bar here which they push out in a little cart and drizzle it over some ice in what looks like a bong from afar. I also tasted a cucumber /gin cocktail, which was very refreshing. Overall, I think it serves a good steak. However, next time I would probably opt to sit at the bar and have a drink or two.
5	This was the best meal I've had in Vegas, and we've eaten at some of the top restaurants here.  We ordered the Chef's menu, and it was outstanding.  Each dish was interesting, delicious and I was full by the end!! We did not get the wine pairing because we were already tired from a full day.The service was amazing.  The servers were excited about the dishes and very knowledgable about the food.We LOVED it!
5	We went for a pre-show dinner.  Wagyu Beef tartar... Wagyu Beef tartar... WAGYU BEEF TARTAR!!!Everything was really good and really expensive (but its Vegas).  The fish was awesome, the scallops were crazy good, the veal cheeks were perfect.  But get the steak tartar. No joke.  Glass of wine, wagyu beef tartar, walk out the door, feel like a winner.
4	Delicous food and age appropriate guests. Nice decore and great wine list. Stay classy, Sage.
5	I would generally consider myself a thrifty person, so dining at a restaurant as pricey as Sage generally has me a little out of sorts. Prices off of their a la carte dinner menu start at $40 for an entree and go up from there. Chef's tasting for $150 and wine that will set you back a paycheck or two for a nice bottle... well i take that back... if you are ordering this wine your paycheck probably looks quite different than mine. That makes this probably a $$$ in vegas but a $$$$ anywhere else.We came here with visitors searching for some fine dining on the strip. The place immediately impresses: it's dark, intimate, very swank-ily decorated, and feels in its own world despite being steps away from the strip. The service here was excellent - the waiter was helpful but not intrusive. The wine guy was informative but not pretentious, the bussers/expos were quick and kept the waters full. All-in-all the service was spot on everywhere. The food was also very good. I had the Waygu short rib and potato pave - not sure what pave is but it was just about as good as the short ribs themselves. Sort of a smoked hash brown with sauce on it?? Sure. Similarly, my friend got a dish which had as a side some "La Ratte" potatoes which were essentially just mashed potatoes rolled in panko and fried in butter. Think i may come back and just have a plate of those. The short rib was done perfectly - big, flavorful and eats a more like a steak than ribs despite still being very tender.Beyond that, the wine was great (nice selection of european reds as well as american cabs - but thats all i really had my eye on, we got the cheapest Bordeaux on the menu for $65 bucks) as was the french press coffee to end the meal. This meal set our party of four back north of $300 bucks so I may not be a regular here anytime soon. Here we go ramen for the rest of the month (the cheap packages, not the trendy kind).
3	In a nutshell: A fine-dining establishment that is not really unique, with decent over-priced food. We went here for friend's birthday. She loves foie gras so I would say that her experience was probably 5 stars. However, for me and bf, it was just okay. Let me start off by saying I LOVE fancy restaurants. I think an awesome fancy restaurant is completely worth spending a ton of money when the food is phenomenal, and IMHO, Sage was not that.BF and I got the prix fix Signature menu, which is about $90 a person. With that, we received a starter of beef tartar and oysters. The egg on the beef tartar was nearly cooked through, so it was hard to mix it up with the beef. The oysters were nothing special and very small. Our next course was a scallop each. The scallop was the highlight of our meal. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned and was just delicious. It comes with a bite of short rib, which was the perfect compliment to the scallop.For the 3rd course, I ordered the sirloin and BF got the pork loin. One of our friends at the table also ordered the pork loin, but not on the Signature menu. The dish is actually 1 part pork loin and the other part a sausage of some sort. Her portion was TWICE the size of his. His was basically 2 bites of pork and a piece of sausage. They both said it was just okay. My sirloin was good but completely over sauced. I love steak in its simplicity and feel that good piece of meat that is cooked well doesn't need to be drenched in sauce.All of the desserts, with the exception of my friend's $20 foie gras candy bar dessert, were completely underwhelming. I would've preferred to stop at DQ on the way home. The foie gras candy bar was gold flaked and fancy. Because of how rich and decadent it was, it's a perfect dessert to share. It was yummy!All in all, it was as I said, OK. But if I'm gonna spend that kind of money, I want to be WOW'd and blown away by the food,and unfortunately, I was far from it. :(
4	Beautiful restaurant - pretty quiet on a Thursday night so not sure it's lost it's "hot" status or maybe just a slow night in town overall, but at least the service was great! On to the food...asparagus and egg starter was very bland, bacon bread was delish, and steaks were good but too salty. Cocktails were awesome. Overall we weren't blown away but the ambience makes it perfect for a date or a group dinner.
5	You must go here for the fras gras. Absolutely amazing. My husband and I went here twice after our meal just to experience this dish again! Enjoy!
5	A true five star experience. The decor and mood lighting are magnificent. The tables are far enough from each other that you can carry on a private conversation. The food is fantastic, and the service was exceptional. They have a tasting menu, and a smaller signature menu, in addition to the regular menu. The chef is know for his scallops, and they were everything we expected. The bacon cheese bread is superb - almost as good as Manhattan Beach Post, which is the best. A great wine list and a sommelier who knows his stuff. Try the Gamba Zin. Truly unique.
4	Excellent experience when we had dinner here on a Friday night. I had the halibut and my gf had the scallops, both were fantastic. Our friends had the spare ribs and Blue prawn tortellini. My friend said the spare ribs were the best he had ever eaten.Had a great dinner here. Highly recommend.
3	Last night my husband & I dined at Sage based on Yelp & Zagat Reviews, we sat on a very discreet 2 top which felt very living room ish but the table itself & chair very uncomfortable, our waiter was a JERK. The food outstanding but part of a dining experience is having a cool, great, at tentative waiter. He was not, so sad because we won't go back, the food can be mediocre but the staff, ambience superior & still a great meal!!! Sage needs to train their mean, hate to be at work staff .
4	This place is good, but a little forgettable. I was at the aria and looking for a nice place to eat. Ran across Sage and it was looking nice and quiet, which is what I was looking for. Viewed the menu on the outside, and it sounded just right. The hostess was nice, and she seated my wife and I in a very nicely appointed private dining area. The server came out and was very polished, his timing was great, he was very knowledgable, and he wasn't shy about asking the right questions to be able to give us the right suggestions. We ordered a nice bottle of cab, and a couple tasty appetizers. For dinner my wife had the skirt steak and it was very good. I had the pork and it was good. Overall I have to say it was a nice place with nice food, but it's not really next level.
5	Amazing food, great ambiance, and superior service!  Dined a few nights ago as a group of 6 and had a fantastic evening.  Our server Jason was very helpful and was able to easily handle our rowdy group.  The 'What She's Having' cocktail is amazing- vodka, Meyer lemon, and black pepper- so refreshing!I had the cold corn soup as an appetizer and it was probably the highlight of the meal for me.  I also tried the octopus (excellent) and one of my hubby's oysters (just ok).  I had the skirt steak as my entree and it was very good as well- perfectly cooked to medium.  Loved the charred baby leeks that accompanied it too.  My fellow diners enjoyed their meals as well and one even said his halibut was the best he ever had.  Desserts looked interesting too but we decided to skip them since we were going to a pool party the next day.
5	Went here for my birthday dinner and was floored by every dish. One of the starters was the beef tartare with crushed caper aioli, slow-poached egg, pickled mustard seeds and crispy chocolate, definitely the best I've ever tasted. The unforgettable entree was braised veal cheeks with sweet corn, torpedo onion and milk toast, and it was completely out of this world delicious with every bite. So yea, I'd recommend it.
5	Great food, great drinks, quiet romantic place.  Food was exceptional...poached egg appetizer was a top ten of all time...scallops we're amazing.  Prices were acceptable and waitstaff was knowledgable and prompt. Would return for sure
3	The food is good here; however, the service was not that great.  It is a little noisy in the restaurant and food runners/servers do not explain the dishes very well (if you can actually hear what they are saying).  They simple just drop and run, the same goes for the wine pairings.  especially when it comes to explaining the wines, the servers seem pretty lazy.On the plus side, the food is great.  We had the four course signature menus. For the first course we had the Kyushu oysters and the wagyu beef tartare.  The kumamotos were sweet yet salty.  The tequila mignonette added acid and the tabasco sorbet balanced the dish with some spice.  Can't really go wrong with these types of oysters as they are really easy to eat.  The tartare was also very good.  The wagyu beef is so rich and buttery, mixed with the poached egg there is just a nice creamy texture.Second course we had the Grilled Spanish Octopus and the Maine Dayboat Scallops.  The octopus was not what I was picturing in my mind.  The octopus was very soft and not chewy at all.  The day boats were great but nothing really special.  We also ordered the roasted veal sweetbreads. Although this dish is a little greasy, the sweetbreads were very creamy.  For our main course we had the 48 hour Beef Belly and the Australian Wagyu Sirloin.  The Wagyu as usual was soft, buttery, and delicious.  Although for the portion size I don't think it is worth the $15 up charge.  The beef belly was also very soft and flavorful.  As for dessert, I did not really care much for the lemon pie or the panna cotta.  I did not understand the combination of burnt marshmallows with pistachio ice cream and a overly sour lemon pie.  The panna cotta dish did not have any texture, it was basically a bowl full of soft ice cream/custard.  I think you are better off substituting your dessert for an app or something else.
1	Don't Seat on the bar very bad Service on the bar and this time the food was mediocre Bartender arguing with me about the quality of food VERY BAD SERVICE
2	As yelp says "Meh. I've experienced better." The food is totally fine, although only one thing stood out to me, and that was the foie gras snickers dessert thing. The service was basically fine too, certainly nothing special.Basically, nothing made Sage special. And also, the fact that the place was barely occupied at 9 PM on a Friday was just straight depressing. They need to work on their marketing and get some people to make this place have more wow factor. Overall, for the money in Vegas, you can certainly do better.
5	Love coming here!! Impeccable service!! Yes I am a food snob and I love when bartenders know about food and drinks. Aaron was great...thank you. My moscow mule and dirty martini were delish. I've had the beef tartare before and it was fab as always. Octopus was a little salty but nice and tender. I love coming here! I am a big foodie and love looking at all the selections of liquor and the way they serve their drinks...absinthe. So creative!!
1	Horrid. This is my fourth time to Vegas and probably my 10th to a place like this. Wine was bad-even your mid range price wine should be good. The mix of flavors though risky and supposed to be exciting was just stoopid. Go to Prime or Nobu.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better" sums it up pretty well. Food was slightly above average. Service was mediocre at best. However, the decor is chic and well done! The oysters were nothing special.The Wagyu Beef Tartare was delicious, but not memorable. Fois Gras Custard Brulee was HORRENDOUS. and I'm obsessed with fois gras. It was so sweet, it tasted like I was eating cheap jam by the spoonful. I literally felt sick to my stomach as I ate it.I think I'm really harsh with this place because they've ruined fois gras for me. It's a delicacy not meant to be messed with, and after having it at plenty other restaurants, I didn't you could go wrong. Sage is a very average restaurant, and I think there are far better options in Vegas.
5	One of the better meals of my life. Trust me. My waistline does not lie. We stumbled (it's Vegas, everyone stumbles) onto this place while wanting a fine dinning experience in the midst of Vegas debauchery. Every bachelorette party needs a little class and this place was going to give if to us on a silver platter. Ambiance is fancy. Of the fancy shmancy variety. The service was impeccable. Now onto what's important. The food. Oh. The. Food. Every girl had a salad to start. We are dainty none the less. Mine was the beet salad and I literally could have licked my plate. But that would have been inappropriate. My wagu short ribs where nothing short of perfection. Tender. Tasty. This cow was certainly a happy cow I thank her or him. For dessert we had the cheesecake and although a super small portion, enough just to  pop the last button off our fat pants. Spanx need not apply here. Great place. A+. Highly on my fatty does Vegas tour.
4	We came for a birthday dinner here, of a very good friend. The fiance and I both decided to do the signature menu. It's 4 courses and there are 2-3 choices for each course so it was a great way for us to get two different items and be able to share. The rest of the table mostly went signature too, and 1 a la carte. Our meal started with a amuse bouche of panna cotta, celery salad with braised beef tongue. Pretty good, though the tongue was slightly greasy rich that some may not like it, I don't mind it. Bread service gave a choice of a bacon or plain with a chive butter. Very good bread with a lovely texture.-First-Kushi oysters which came with 5 small oysters. Nicely sweet, creamy and ends with some brine on the aftertaste. The tequila mignonette is nice that I may consider alcohol in my mignonettes at home. Beef Tartare was solid as far as tartare goes, but it wasn't anything out of the extraordinary.I was hoping that the chocolate crisp in the description would be more prevalent. -Second-Grilled Spanish Octopus was a pretty good salad, though I think the octopus didn't really have a grill flavor. The garlic puree dressing was tasty if you like aiolis like I do and the chorizo was a nice touch, but I think I like this salad to have been not hot as I felt that messed with the dressing and leafy greens. Dayboat scallops had a perfect sear and cook, the salted caramel reduction sauce was actually a really good pairing. -Third-Bacon wrapped Iberico pork loin had a very pleasant porky flavor that tells you you aren't eating conventional pork which I will choose every single time over the tasteless stuff. The slaw gave a bit of acidity which was a good contrast. 48 Hour Beef Belly was the star though. It was rich and decadent and I like those type of experiences that make you feel you're having something luxurious and naughty. Tender meat with melt in your mouth fatty bits...Mmmm.The confit veggies, the polenta with it was perfect too. Because of this dish, I went home and braised beef cheeks for 48 hours. -Fourth-  Milk chocolate and earl grey panna cotta was lovely. I love tea flavored desserts and this work really well with the chocolate and berries on the plate. Ricotta cheesecake had a nice fluffy texture. This was a bit salty and savory with the herbs in play, but I liked that. I can see this be not everyones type of dish though. Then we were given a mignardise to end the meal of a hot chocolate infused with rosemary. I enjoyed this as I love rosemary in sweet applications but the fiance felt it was too strong of a infusion and overpowered. Service was good. Drinks filled, generous bread service, plates and utensils cleared and reset with a quiet swiftness. I enjoyed my meal here and I do see why people really like this place. However the only thing that wowed was the 48 hour beef belly out of the 8 dishes so maybe my expectations was set too high? Still, nothing was bad and I wouldn't say no to coming back, but I'm not rushing up to return for the price.
4	Our second stop during Restaurant Week, and so far, so good. Sage is a pretty pricey place, so it was nice to visit at a "reduced" rate. (We still dropped $400 for four people...) And if you're the type of person who "eats with their eyes first," this is the place for you.My husband and I dined with another couple, and we oddly ended up with different permutations of the same four selections: (1a) melon salad with pickled pork belly or (1b) chilled corn soup with crab for the appetizer, and (2a) smoked black cod or (2b) braised beef belly for the entree. I had the melon salad and the black cod. Both were delicious and visually stunning, although a little small on the portion size (as expected). I didn't try the soup, which both our friends ordered (and loved), but I had a bite of my husband's beef belly and that was my favorite bite of the night. (If the best beef rib you've ever had mated with a slab of pork belly, this would be their love child.)Each meal came with a chocolate and Earl Grey panna cotta for dessert. Like the earlier dishes, it was a visual stunner. We all ordered the wine pairings as well, and the sherry that accompanied this dish was spot on. I usually am not a big fan of desserts (or sherry), but this was truly a standout -- especially with the perfect wine selection.As mentioned, the beef belly and the panna cotta (with wine accompaniment) were the stars of this meal, but I have to give props to the DELICIOUS bacon-flecked rolls. Not sure if these are always on the menu, but they should be! I practiced self control and only had one, but I could eat a dozen of these things.Our server was great: attentive but unobtrusive. And the ambiance is lovely, with music and conversation at just the right volume. But what I'll remember most about Sage is the attention to detail and creativity in the plating -- that and the bacon rolls!
5	I'm surprised by how underrated this place is! The bartenders and waitstaff are super attentive, nice and professional. The ambiance is very intimate and romantic. We had the Wagyu beef tartare at the bar with drinks, which was excellent! Proceeded to the dinning area, in our little booth, we had the four course menu. The food was so good! Most memorable dish was the Beef underbelly! To die for!! Finishing things off, we went back to the bar for a digestif..They served the absinthe in the crazy pipe mug glass with three compartment. Definitely to request on your next visit!
2	I really wanted to love Sage. We went to celebrate a birthday and picked Sage because we had walked through last year and loved the decor.We ordered the full tasting menu and it was just okay.  I am not a fan of people talking about the high end places they visit when writing a review, but I will break my own rule here. We go to a lot of nice places living in San Francisco and traveling quite a bit. We like to either ask our server to choose our dinner at small plate restaurants or order a tasting menu. Sage offered up an okay menu with okay service. The reason for 2 stars was the Wagyu beef course. It was cooked well done and tasted like beef jerky. inedible and I mentioned it to the server who took my plate. I had 1 bite and my friend ate 2 bites. For this price, I would expect some sort of reaction to both of us sending our beef back and mentioning it to the waiter. Nothing was mentioned again. We didn't want any type of compensation but expected some sort of acknowledgement of the issue. Maybe re making the dish. Most chef's notice when 2 plates come back untouched. Again it was the beef course which is usually the highlight of a tasting menu. Another lowlight was the desert under the dome, it was just for show and made no sense. the raspberry mousse in a chocolate egg was way out of proportion. The next it was served on was tasty.Very disappointed by the dinner and the experience.  It felt like it was done on autopilot.
5	amazing!
5	One of the best meals of my life.I should begin by saying I wasn't feeling well this day, not well at all. So while I was able to taste everything, I did not finish one single dish and it haunts me every day.The environment is overwhelming and elegant, exactly what you'd expect from an upscale Vegas restaurant. Soft gold lighting, pillars, purple and black accent walls...this is a very cool looking restaurant. The service is leaves nothing to be desired. Our waiter, Mr. Bond, was delightful and intelligent. He played with us, posed for pictures, was knowledgable about the food and made excellent suggestions. It felt like he'd been a part of our group for years. We did the Chef's Signature menu, which was Wagyu beef tartar, scallops, and Wagyu sirloin, and dessert. The Wagyu beef tartar was a very clever dish. Eggs, tarter, and chocolate are not 3 items I would typically think to pair together. However, they blended and clashed beautifully. The texture was playful, the flavors sang in harmony, and the portion was just enough to keep you wanting just one more bite. The scallops were absolutely perfect. I can remember exactly how they taste to this day. Each bite was this unpredictable explosion of rich, slightly salty, flavors with this perfectly caramelized crust. Truly incredible.The Wagyu sirloin still costs me about one good night of sleep a week. For whatever reason, I was just not hungry at all when we got to this dish. I hadn't had that much to eat before this, the portion sizes were spot on, but I was having some stomach issues (completely unrelated to Sage) that left me unable to finish my order of sirloin. I can still see that plate disappearing from before me as the water took it away...still feel judgmental eyes on me from my friends, who had all managed a happy plate. It was the best steak I've ever had in my life.There were two desserts available, each deconstructed. One was a fruity/lemony dish, the other chocolate. Each was decadent and savory, rich and playful, and completely different from one another. I'm happy we ordered as a group and didn't have to choose between the two.
5	I made reservations at Sage for a group of 10 of us from work.  They quickly sat us upon arrival and provided prompt and courteous service.  Everyone enjoyed their meals and we were seated away from others so as to not disturb them.  Would definitely recommend for a group.
5	This place is awesome! Excellent service and great food!! I ordered the veal cheeks...it melts in your mouth...yum! Will definitely come back here again!
4	Hard to award 5 stars when there are so many good places to compare this one to - however, It cannot be overlooked! We enjoyed a really delicious meal in a swanky upscale atmosphere (finally people without shorts at dinner!) - See my Craftsteak review. So - the food was superb and creative and didn't lack much. my husband had the short rib, and it was just a tasty as advertised - a little on the sweet side, be prepared. I had the steak and it was excellent...hard to beat after having the white truffle appetizer, which was a special that night. On to the weird service...maybe we had a waiter that was still in training? I don't know, but he was rushed to interrupt when we were ordering and he kept anticipating what we were going to say and he was WRONG every time! OOOPS. I expected a more knowledgeable and confident server at a restaurant that runs $500+ for 2 people. Oh well. It's Vegas, there must be a very high turnover for the wait staff.I would definitely return!
3	Been here only to try the Absinthe... this drink is rarely served in other places in the U.S. The one I had contained 63% alcohol but was hardly felt.
3	We decided to try Sage out after seeing Zarkana at Aria. We decided on the $89 signature menu. I chose the wagyu beef tartare with slow poached egg and chocolate, Maine dayboat scallops, the 48 hour beef belly and the lemon pie with chartreuse gelee, pistachio ice cream and toasted marshmallow.My favorite of the meal was the wagyu beef tartare. Very tasty and salty, but I love salt. The scallops and the beef belly were pretty good as well. I'm not saying this was a bad meal by any means, but it didn't blow me away. I feel that the meal was more about the presentation and look.
3	Foie Gras is still the bomb!  This time, steak was just okay compare to the first time dining here.  Service is always awesome, many wine selections is the best!
5	This was the best birthday dinner I have ever had!! James, our waiter, made this such an amazing time for me!! The Cadillac Margarita was great to start with followed by the awesome Foie Gras appetizer, Carpaccio and warm mushroom salad. I ate the pork loin- melts in your mouth!! The lighting, service and atmosphere was purely enticing! James truly made this a very special time for my husband and I and we are so appreciative. I would highly recommend going to this place and trying it for yourself.
4	It's seemingly small entrance will make you think it's not alive and not worth walking into, but when you turn the corner the room is captivating. It is beautifully set with a calm, low-lighted ambiance with music that settles well with conversations. The wait staff is outstanding! The food Is amazing! I can't say the same for the cheesecake. Some things are better left to the books.
5	This restaurant was amazing! From the beautiful sexy decor to the appetizers to the main courses, I was amazed! We had 4 apps, all of which were great especially the wagyu  tarter. Scallops were brought to us as an extra, and thank goodness because they were fabulous! Jason was our server, he was great!
5	I recently ate at Sage before seeing Zarkana (Cirque du Soleil) at the Aria.   At the recommendation of the Conceirge, we booked a 5:30 PM reservation to take part in the Pre-Theatre dinner menu.   At a cost of $59.00 per person, the menu guarantees three courses of absolutely delicious, well prepared, beautiful food.   There is an optional $29.00 per person beer and wine pairing that ensures a perfectly paired beverage with each course.  I highly recommend the option!  We each began with an heirloom beet salad with blue cheese and pomegranate seeds that melted in your mouth.  The flavors paired beautifully together and played off of one another.   This course was paired with a deliciously drinkable Sauvingon Blanc that was an excellent food wine.Our second course was an organic chicken with a berry sauce, hazelnuts, and their potato waffle.   I eat a lot of chicken at home, so don't often order it at restaurants.   But the dish was such an explosion of flavors and literally melted when you placed it in your mouth.  The wine pairing with this course was a spectacular reserve Spanish Rioja that made the entire $29.00 in wine pairings worth it all by itself.   It was so good my friend opted to have a second glass with dessert in lieu of the desert wine pairing.  Our desert course was a milk chocolate and earl grey pane cotta with fresh baked madelines.  Really light, delicious, and a perfect end to delicious meal.  There was a delicious tawny port pairing with this course.The atmosphere at Sage harkens old Las Vegas with a speak easy sort of vibe.   Classy, yet sultry all at once.   Reservations recommended, and leave yourself plenty of time to really enjoy the meal.   Sage ranks among the very best meals I've had in 3 trips to Vegas.
5	Sage was in my bucket list of restaurants to try in Vegas. The restaurant is beautiful and the service is great! Staff is so attentive. We had the Menu Degustation and everything was so good and the wine pairing were all on point. Definately worth trying.
4	I tried the tasting menu and it was worth the $$$$.  Wagu steak. Scallops and dessert. I also had the absynthe.  You must try it.  the waiter was a little slow and condescending but it was fine, I was hammered on absynthe and purple dragon who cares.
5	Sage was very, very good.  We each did the lesser of the tasting menus (3 courses, $89).  Nice amuse-bouche of a squash soup with pumpkin seeds. Wagya steak tartare app was nice, great warm bread served with. Fatty (intentionally) but delicious pork loin, and cheesecake for dessert.  Great service, nice room, highly recommended.
1	After hearing great things from the concierge at our hotel and all the other yelp reviews we thought this was gonna be a great meal. The smoking mirrors cocktail was amazing it was brought out on a smoking wine barrel stave with the glass inverted and filled with smoke and then flipped over and the drink poured in ! It was a great drink! However then the food came it was just bad....over seasoned and ridiculously heavy...the fish was over cooked and too greasy, the steak sauce was heavy and off, our octopus salad was good but again extremely heavy .   I would not recommend this restaurant to eat ..get the smoking mirrors at the bar and then hudini and find another place!
5	The four course meal was amazing.  The portion size of each course was perfect, the flavors meshed well together.  The drinks were equally as awesome.  We also had great waitstaff they were knowledgeable,  friendly and attentive.  We would eat here every visit.
2	We were staying at the Mandarin Oriental and had a positive experience when we came to Sage for dinner on a Friday night. We made the mistake of coming back on Sunday night to have a cocktail at the bar. Aaron B. was our bartender and I can say that, without a doubt, he was one of the most unpleasant people I've encountered in the service industry. If this was a low-rent bar with cheap drinks, I'd forgive him. But...we paid top dollar for an enjoyable high-end experience and, after attempting to make polite chit-chat with him about how he was making our cocktails, he became oddly aggressive and insulting -- as if we were idiots questioning the work of a master. Absolutely ridiculous.A few moments later, we also overheard him complaining loudly about a female customer who was "so f--ing stupid that he had to explain every item on the menu three times." Very classy indeed. For our last night in Vegas, it left a bad taste in our mouths. We visit Vegas often, but we won't be going back to Sage. There are too many other places to spend our money -- and we've encountered many other bartenders who make comparable drinks and understand how to engage with their customers.
2	4 in our party, had 8 course tasting menu with wine pairing. We were struggling after the meal to recall one course that really stood out. The desserts were totally forgettable, most the wines went well with the courses. For the money spent, should have mind blowing experience, didn't happen. Service was good, sommelier did a nice job explaining wines and answering questions. The highlight - absinthe menu. Try one, enjoy the table side prep. I'd consider myself a foodie and was between Sage and Twist for this night. Sage was more convenient.  Wouldn't return or recommend with so many good food options in Vegas. Gave two stars because three would imply above average. When taking into account the whole experience, including price, this was just below average.
5	Superb. I simply speechless. Sage was sensational. Cuisines mostly deserving of 5 stars! Grill Octopus was delightful, light and flavorful! The beef tartare was tasty. The Duck entree will have you wanting to lick the plate clean... The New York steak was a master piece as we has our topped with white truffles.  The waiter, Marcus was courteous and exceptionally. The decor was fabulous as it always is in Vegas!
5	The weak link is the bar service. We waited the longest time and the bar was not busy. The bartender did not even acknowledge us. As for the dining and food it was perfect. A plus 10. The food was to die for. From the ahi tuna appetizer to the steak and scallop entries. Servers were so attentive and nice loved it.
5	The restaurant was very delightful very elegant romantic settings the food was delicious the wine pairing list. Cocktails flavorful. Food presentation was breathtaking. All staff was engaging never had to as for a refill on water, cocktails or wine.
2	we ate here several weeks ago.  Still can't figure out WHY we were seated in their back room when there were plenty of open tables in their beautiful main room AND they knew it was our anniversary.  Thanks, idiot hostess.  I guess they try to fill the back room and save the main one for people whose money is more important?   Our server in Siberia was fine, personable and attentive.  The food was blah - I know I'm in the minority on this but my Cod was dull and my wife's chicken was very bland.  We didn't even try for desert, in and out in 45 mins.  The couple next to us was loving every bite of the tasting menu so I honestly don't get it.
5	Great waiter, knowledgable and patient. We had drinks and appetizers here and it was one of the most delicious things we have eaten. We had the Chestnut Soup and the Truffle Poached Egg appetizer. Both were out of this world.
5	We went back a second time for a full dinner. Sage, its staff and culinary offering did not disappoint. In fact...we have a new favorite restaurant. Impeccable.
5	This is hands down a 5 star restaurant. The food isn't just delicious - it's an experience. We also had Marcus as our waitor and his service was impeccable. Every person down to the dude who poured water was impeccable. We loved the steak. Try any steak here and I'm sure you won't be disappointed. Yum!
5	It's days later and I'm still thinking about the food here, particularly the scallops. Our table did the $89 prix-fixe; however, for an upcharge one person changed their first course, and I changed my dessert. First course: 2 of us had Waygu beef tartare ... dense, rich, and a rather huge portion for something this intense. One person changed to the lobster salad which (I hear) was divine.Second course: 2 of us had scallops and the other had the octopus--I've already mentioned the scallops (think winter cozy perfection) and the octopus was a completely different flavor profile yet also amazing.Third course: 2 of us had the imberico pork loin with pork belly and one of us had the beef belly. Both were ridiculous and we all said hooray.Dessert: I had switched to a perfectly constructed cranberry crumble ... can't recall what my friends had because I didn't try either of theirs.We were all so happy. Sage has incredible service staff--our waitress was amazing and consistently steered us toward perfection. I wish she could be the server at every restaurant I dined in because she was so upfront and honest--e.g., do the wine pairing with the chefs tasting menu; otherwise, go for bottles on the regular tasting menu as you'll likely appreciate it more (good for us as bunch of winehounds!). The sommelier helped us select 2 fantastic bottles of wine (approx. $130 each). All in all our table of well-traveled foodies was thrilled by the experience.
3	So I just posted the same review on OpenTable (and I don't review often), but I felt compelled to let people know of my experience given the generally highly favorable reviews of Sage:I went to Sage with 2 friends after reading good reviews on Yelp.  The service was overly attentive - pre-bussing tables before the table was finished with a course, pushing drink refills before I had finished a round, repeatedly asking if I was done before I had finished - while some may appreciate the attention, my friends and I were put off by the rushed feeling.  The food was also just okay - I had the octopus appetizer and barramundi, both of which were overcooked.  The smoked cod that one of my friends had was excellent, but the steak my other friend ordered came at least medium well when he ordered medium rare.  I suspect that is because we did not finish our first courses at the rapid pace they expected, so they mis-timed the cooking of the fish and steak and in the process of keeping them warm likely overcooked them.  Still, I lived in Manhattan for 12 years and I've been to many restaurants at the same price point as Sage, and I would have expected that the main course would not be prepared until the appetizers were cleared (especially given that all three dishes required minimal cooking time).
5	Darn phone and Yelp app were acting up, so I couldn't check-in the night I dined at Sage...phooey. In any event, I loved this restaurant experience. I found the atmosphere and ambiance to be dreamy; accented with purple-blue lights along the walls, it is modern, elegant, intimate and chic. The service was excellent. There were several attendants throughout our dining experience for what seemed like each course we were served; however, our main server was James (excellent). Everyone was courteous and attentive and eager to please. As one example, there was a particular cherry in a cocktail that I liked---a brandied cherry---so two servers brought me some more on a plate! Yay! The house cocktail (I don't recall the name) is tasty, but you won't find it on the menu, you simply need to request the house cocktail. I loved, and I mean, "ordered-it-TWICE-loved," the pink cashmere cocktail. It looks and sounds like a girly cocktail and maybe it is, but it is YUMMY (yes, CAPS YUMMY). The cuisine chosen from the signature tasting menu was absolutely delicious, particularly the heirloom beet salad and the scallops, but everything ordered and served was wonderful...photos follow for you... :-)!
4	Docking one star... Second time back I got overcooked steak. I'm not very picky, but when you're paying $60 for a piece of meat, they 'oughta cook right. Didn't say anything as I usually try not to be "that guy." I think what actually happened is the server swapped mine with someone else's at the table rather than the cooks actually doing it wrong. Either way, bummer.
5	Wonderful experience! The restaurant is stunningly gorgeous and sexy, and the food is awesome. I highly recommend starting with the cocktail list because they are some of the best drinks I've ever had. I ordered a few of the appetizers for dinner (thinking they would be small) and I was extremely full at the end of the meal because everything was so delicious. The chef is an awesome guy and my experience was superb. Ask for the fire and ice demonstration if you do a glass of absinthe at the end.
5	I have no words to describe how much we enjoyed the service and food at Sage like I said I have no words simply amazing starting from the staff to the food no regrets......
4	This was my first time to Sage and I was totally impressed. We had the special tasting menu and everything came out perfectly. The service was great and the sommelier is very knowledgeable. The price is very reasonable given the food quality is on the high end. We were very satisfied.
3	we had the chef's signature tasting menu. I would say most of the dishes we delicious but I expected more for what we spent.  We added the wine pairing and the total was $315 for two people. We were there late on a Friday eventing, around 10:00pm, and the place was not busy at all. the service kind of lacked a bit but the gentleman who served us was nice. three stars. I don't know if I would go there again.
3	This is supposed to be a high end restaurant and the dishes are supposed to be award winning. I agree with my yelp friend--it does not deliver the same food quality as a star restaurant. I like that the restaurant is at least trendy and the dishes are more contemporary. Sadly they don't have much veggie dishes. Well, you can say that if we want veggie then we should find a vegetarian restaurant instead of coming here. But my point is they offer too little. Only 2 dishes of the whole menu don't contain meat or fish. This is not contemporary.So we tried their egg with smashed potato. Very small dish with a poached egg on top of smashed potato. the taste was good, though very heavy. Thankful it is only a small dish. And surprisingly the bread coming with it looked like fully dipped in oil and fried. Not very healthy, nor pretty. The mushroom dish was actually big to my standard. It was two eggs on top of a mixed mushroom bed. I like the mixed mushroom, but again it was way tooo salty, and oily. Didn't wanna eat it in the end.My bf had their cod. I was very disappointed by the fish. I was not buttery as I expected, instead very smoky. I don't like it at all. But I end up liking the mussels on the side. Those are very fresh and tasty.The wines here are bad, and expensive, I should say. That is the big down side. I mean the food tasted good in general, even though I'm pretty picky about it. But the wine was not tolerable. A class of pino noir costs $20 and is not good? No, thank you.
5	What a wonderful restaurant. The decor was dark, pleasant and comfortable for a space so large and open. The noise level was on the low side with quiet background music piped in. We could have a conversation without raising our voices. The staff were all the best, kind, helpful and friendly. There were so many plates that sounded so good I was having hard time deciding what to order. I asked more questions to our server then I ever have before; he probably thought that I was an undercover food critic. He gracefully answered all that he could and then went to get the answers that he didn't have. He actually seemed happy to do it too.The sommelier was professional and helpful.The bread with butter and sea salt was really good. I had to have two pieces. The slow poached egg with truffle shavings was a delicious, aromatic, warm starter. I finally selected, with some incouragement,  the scallops with braised oxtail. These two items don't sound like they will go together but it turned out to be a nice surprise. It came with four large scallops, perfectly cooked, and just enough oxtail and brown broth to bring both items together into one amazing dish. Pair this with a Pommard Pinot Noir and you have yourself a dinner to remember. My girlfriend had the bacon wrapped pork loin. I talked her into taking a small slice each of the poached pear, pork belly and bacon wrapped loin and making it into one bitefull. She did and then closed her eyes and moaned a little. I gave her a few minutes to herself before talking again. They have an extensive wine list with bottles costing less than $100 to upwards into the thousands.This was an all around excellent dinner out. I can't think of one thing that I would criticize.
5	All I really have to say is "Bacon-wrapped Iberico Pork Loin."  If you don't do it, you're playing yourself.
4	The menu is very minimal. Not enough options for vegetarians and vegans. They have only one veggie dish. I enjoyed the Kobe skirt stake that was really good. We ended up paying about $100 per person. A bit too much for what we got.
5	Somehow we got a same day reservation on Christmas Day. And man, did we get lucky. We sat at the bar as we waited to be seated and the bartender made me the most perfect Old Fashioned that I have had in a very long time. We got seated and our server was fantastic. She was super knowledgable about the menu (I'm gluten free) and let all staff know that I was so they didn't offer me bread and also let me know the amuse bouche was gluten free or "safe" for me to eat. I ordered the Brussels sprouts salad and the husband ordered the beet salad with iberico ham. Both were amazing. Main entrees were the iberico ham with pork belly and the skirt steak. Dare I say perfection? I can't say one bad thing about anything we ordered. We were worried about how the service would be over all because there was a party of 25 people sitting next to us and hoped that we wouldn't suffer for it. We did not. While the hostess was a bit chilly, our bartender and server and the entire supporting staff were some of the best. I firmly believe that a mark of impeccable service is whether or not your water glass goes empty. I was chugging water and always had water in my glass. And sometimes refilled without me noticing. Too stuffed for dessert, but looking at other tables was very tempted.
5	One of the best meals I ever had.Everything was excellent, the staff, food and atmosphere.  All this in the glamorous Aria Hotel.The meal was worth every cent and more!
5	We got married in April and made our way to Sage for dinner. What a great experience! Top notch food, fantastic service and a great atmosphere. Please go to Sage, and tell everyone you know about it. We live in the Midwest, and have already made recommendations to everyone we know!
4	The service is very good, waiter was very friendly. One thing may be the service was too good, usually we enjoy a long leisurely meal. However our food came very fast starting from appetizer to entree to dessert and we were finished within an hour ten minutes. I had the Brussels sprouts and my wife the organic poached egg. Both were very good. We both had the scallops and they were cooked perfectly. We ended off with the earl grey pants cotta, delicious. Recommend coming for fine dining.Decor was very beautiful and sophisticated, quiet enough for conversation or a romantic dinner
2	Went here with some friends.  The service was alright, but not 5 stars as I saw the waiters hanging out talking.  Everyone else including the hosts acted classy and to the caliber expected of the restaurant.  The people who pour the drinks take great care in even testing what they pour.  They are extremely knowledgeable and honest outside our waiter. The waiter basically made up answers when asking him a question.1. Asked about Absinthe and if the Absinthe sold is the type that gives you hallucinations (made with wormwood has Thujone as the active ingredient).Waiter replies. " NO government all around the world would ever allow any drugs like that to be sold to anyone." I reply "Salvia".  Weird awkward silence.Then he goes on a rant how wormwood isn't an active ingredient for that and he's smoked tons of it with no effect...  I don't expect waiters to know the chemistry of smoking something rather than brewing something, but for a $20 glass of absinthe it makes Sage look like it's joke when it's suppose to be a classy place. We do not allow the chemical Thujone from the woodworm brewing method to be included in Absinthe sold in the United States. Strictly for the reason of the effects it has on the body.  For him to say all the absinthe at Sage was brewed the exact same way as it was 100 years ago is ridiculous, unless they are breaking the law.2. We asked the water guy what type of tea it is they serve.  He brought out the actual can as he wasn't too sure.  Super helpful super friendly. So we ask the same waiter.  He say's "Well it's a secret blend that only sales to exclusive rock star hotels like us".  As he's saying that I'm looking up the exact same can of tea on my phone.  My friend ordered it after leaving the restaurant.The food now.  It is good, but not like the other upscale dinning I've had around the world.  Only thing world class is the duck Foie Gras. The idiot waiter is almost offensive.I would come again if they go through a purge of the stupid waiters, and the food price matched the quality.
5	I wanted to have a nice and quaint yet fancy dinner for Christmas so I booked this restaurant. I like the fact that they didn't abolished their regaled ala carte menu and just serve the xmas set menu for the occasion. So we ordered the beef tartare to share and each have a main. Couldn't even fit desserts in even thou I was soooooo tempted by the 6 layered choc cake because the serving size was good. Wagyu beef tartare was freaking amazing that came with buttered, crispy warm bread. And when combined with the silky yolk in a mouthful. It was freaking amazing. My friend had the crispy confit duck and I had the smoked black cod. Duck was done to perfection and the cod was fresh, silky and smooth. Both had wonderful flavors The service was fantastic as well. We had an amazing server that the origin of our champagne and how and why it taste the way it is. And we were really well taken care of in the drinks department. Even though we had to wait for quite some time at the bar, the server was so apologetic and acknowledged that we have been waiting and will bring us to our table as soon as thu can. What can I say.. I will definitely come back to sage when I visit Vegas again.
5	Oh Sage, where do I begin!? Been here twice now and each time, the experience has been spectacular! From the service, to the food and decor...one can expect nothing short of excellence in every regard. First time we came here, we had such a memorable meal, that the next time we were in Vegas, we just knew we had to go. We had the chef's tasting menu the first time around and did the signature tasting menu the second time around. Both were quite delicious.I cannot say enough good things about Sage but I'll definitely be coming back!
4	Restaurant was nice. Atmosphere was not romantic. Do not go during the weekdays, since you will only see OLD people. Food was OK, but too expensive for the price. I would not recommend this to others.
5	Sage is a beautiful restaurant located in the Aria resort and casino, which serves modern American cuisine aligned with the farm-to-table mentality. I came here during a work conference event. A business partner organized a group dinner of about 30 people. This was one of the best dining experiences I've had in a while. We were presented with a prix fix menu and I opted the waygu beef tartare, roasted day boat scallops, braised veal cheeks, and apple fritters for dessert. The restaurant was beautiful and service was exceptional. The food not only looked beautiful but matched in both freshness and flavor. I would not hesitate to return if I find myself in Vegas again.
