5	I used Bekins A-1 Movers in my move from Oregon to Nevada.  They did the drop off in Nevada.  They were very helpful in the delivery, even helping us move out an old bed and move in a new one.  Highly recommended.
1	When we moved to North Las Vegas four years ago we used a Bekins based near our home in Pacifica, CA and they were excellent. Unfortunately Bekins A-1 was not. The team that moved us led by Jose was terrible and unprofessional. In all our moves (and collectively there have been many) we have never experienced as many broken or damaged items as this time. Items that should have been wrapped with moving blankets were not. Boxes that were marked fragile had boxes marked very heavy on top of them. When my wife became upset that her directions regarding a coffee table were not followed and she said something to Jose he pounded his fist on a glass top table and swore at her in a threatening manner. When he attempted to open a drawer he was told to leave alone and I blocked his attempt he shouldered me out of his way. We will file a claim for all the damaged goods and we did take out their insurance but there is no way this company, or it's employees, should ever be allowed to move anyone again.
1	Nicole from Bekins A-1 in Las Vegas talked to my wife. During the first call Nicole seemed sympathetic. When she called my wife back after talking to Jose (the driver) she was much less so. Essentially she said it was his word against ours and there was nothing she could do. About Jose telling my wife that we could be billed an additional $500 because the truck couldn't get close enough or "she could take care of them" Nicole said that was standard practice (really extortion is standard?). Of course Jose denied telling my wife that she was "fucking pissing me off." Of course he denied slamming his fist onto our glass topped patio table and of course he denied shouldering me out of the way. Nicole said that if we were so upset at the time and felt so threatened we shoud have called the police. Maybe but it's a sad state when the company you pay almost $3,300 dollars to tells you tough you should have called the cops.So instead of calling the cops we are filing complaints with every agency we can. Jose is nothing but a bully. In light of all the news of spousal abuse and bullying I am surprised that a national company like Bekins would take such behavior so lightly.Still waiting for Bekins corporate to resolve this issue. Not sure how you put a dollar on family heirlooms and emotional trauma caused by the bullying, threatening and intimidating Bekins A-1 employee.
1	I would never use this moving company again.  I used them twice against my better judgment.  The first time I used them, several items were broken & a glass table top was missing.  Unfortunately, in the contract, you have to look over all your furniture before the movers leave to determine what was damaged (how can you prove it anyway... It's your word against theirs)... And who actually is going to look through every single item that was moved?  Chances are, you are exhausted from packing up.  I called the company the next day & the guy we spoke to said to write down everything that was damaged & he would talk to his guys about it & see if he could do anything.  Obviously, I already knew he would revert back to the contract so I didn't even waste my time.The next move was 18 months later...I moved out of my rental into my new home & was on a time crunch.  I didn't have time to research another company, so I used them again.  This time, every piece of wood furniture had a major gash in it.  I had a brand new $1400 crib and the guys were moving so fast, I could hear the side railings banging against each other when the mover was rushing down the stairs.  Huge gash in it... Gash in my expensive wood tv console, gash in my table, gash in my dresser & hash in my bed frame...And I knew none of those gashes were there before the move.  Again, I just didn't have the time to put every piece of furniture under a microscope, especially with a newborn, before they left.  The movers would just deny it anyway. For example, I had a brand new stand up mirror and the moving guy comes out of my bedroom and says, 'I'm just letting you know this leg is broken on the mirror.'  It wasn't broken before he touched and I told him that.  He just said well I'm letting you know it was broken when I picked it up.  Ridiculous!  And we had a bookcase that totally fell apart from the way they moved it.  An observation is that they rush & don't always wait for another mover to help them.  I would never ever use them again, not to mention, they are expensive!!!
