2	This Dunkin' Donuts is a hit or miss for me. After living on the East Coast for five years, I know what a true Dunkin' coffee tastes like... extra cream, extra extra sugar. They just can't seem to get it right here. Their coffee always tastes like bottom of the pot and their donut selection is lacking. One morning I pulled up to the drive thru at 8 am and they were out of Old Fashioned and Boston Kremes... I almost had a heart attack right.in.the.middle of the drive thru when the lady uttered the words "We're out" and I looked at my car display that read "8:00 am"Other mornings I'll come and they'll be out of plain white bagels... I kid you not! Don't they keep frozen donuts and bagels on hand, you know in case of an apocalypse?
4	Wow! The employees here are really friendly and helpful. The donuts were fine, too. We ate in, so no idea about the drive-thru.
5	Service is slow compared to Chicago an NY area DD's, but you just can't beat DD coffee
2	Let me start by saying the coffee is great! The donuts at this location suck though. Usually dry and just bad. I live down the street and have tried this location 30 + times and I can honestly say they have a terrible product. I mean come on, donuts is what you guys do and you are not doing it very well. If you want to taste a real doughnut so you know what you should be making go stop by Bosa or even a Bashas. Service is always good and the coffee is great but the name is not Dunkin Coffee...get it together people.
4	Used the drive-thru to grab some donuts for work and it was fast and easy!
5	DD everyday! Staff is great,  way better than sbux. Why throw away 6 bucks for coffee when you can get a better one at DD!
5	This is the Best Dunkin Donuts we have ever visited!!! The staff is always friendly, fast, and makes you feel valued.  Whenever we're craving DD coffee or a donut, we always know it will be a consistently great experience at the DD at Greenfield Rd, and the 60. Thank you DD for the awesome coupons too!
2	I never have lived close to a Dunkin before so growing up I did not had much experience with them.  Only in the last year I have tried a few locations out.Donuts: These have been consistently bad.  Not once have I had any fresh and they are always dry and stale.  I'm not expecting fresh every time because that depends on when you show up.  Just about every donut place I have ever been has better quality donuts whether they are fresh baked or have been sitting for a while. Coffee: This was good, no complaintsService: depends on location...this location in particular was good.Food: Similar to any fast food breakfast.  I dunno what is up with getting only 6 hashbrowns, that can't be normal.
1	Rude employee. I will not be back. It's bad enough that dunkin does not make their product in house anymore, but to put up with rude people at 5:00 am???  There are plenty of other donut shops to go to.
1	have only been to this location a couple of times, they are usually slow.  No sooner had we paid for our donuts and a roach walked across the counter.  I know the cashier saw it but didn't say anything.  If you know anything about roaches if there is one there are MORE!!!  I was so grossed-out  I wouldn't eat anything and my husband didn't want me to make a scene.
