4	I so here I am thinking what can I review today and I realize, "I'm sitting in it." But then again is it a conflict of interest to review your living conditions? But then again, Cooper Creek Apartments is a business and they offer services so yeah, I should be able to review my apartment complex without too much kvelling.There are a few things I want from an apartment complex when I am living there: The environment should be well kept up and litter free, the grounds should be patrolled during the day and night to provide for safety, and when something breaks or burns out I want the maintenance crew to fix it in a timely manner. I can say that Cooper Creek Apartments lives up to these standards and offers some amenities not common to other complexes.The biggest bonus you get here is they offer FREE WiFi throughout the whole complex. If you use the internet this can be a savings of more that $500 a year in connection fees. Combine this with say a Satellite TV option and you can dispense with Cox Cable saving even more. (I did away with a land based phone and cable and replaced them with a dish and cell phones and saved over $1000 a year.) This alone should factor heavily into your decision to live here.Copper Creek offers one largish pool in the center of the complex for its tenants and one largish play area for the younger members of the communities. There are "Doggie Stations" throughout the complex that people should take full advantage of (I certainly to not like other peoples pet waste by my door) and dog runs for off leash time. There is plenty of parking assuming people follow the parking guidelines. Other perks are the business center, club house, and workout room (with all up to date equipment),There are 6 different floor plans to choose from. When I first moved in I was in the large one bedroom floor plan that was exceptionally roomy. Eventually I moved into a large two bedroom unit (when I met my wife) and we have been here ever since. In the neighborhood is the South Point Casino that provides 5 star dining, bowling, movies and events. There are a lot of nice restaurants in the area including Bachi Burger. Schools are all close by and shopping choices abound. It is one a couple of minutes from interstate 15 and a quick jaunt away from the Las Vegas Strip.The management team here is as proactive as they can be and take the time to listen and resolve any issues you have. I have been here for 5 years now and really have not considered moving until recently and only because the move would be much closer to work. Check it out, it is a good community.
2	I'm going to edit my review. I've lived here nearly a year and love my apartment. The maintenence crew are nice and I thought the office crew were as well. I was wrong.When I moved in, I signed a lease that in no uncertain terms told me I could transfer apartments for 500.00. Not 1000.00, not 500.00 plus a 1.00 tax fee... 500.00. This was made clear to me by the leasing agent.Fast forward 6 months. My mom had a massive stroke that's left her needing a caregiver. I asked to move into a larger apartment to accomodate one and was told that with fees, it will cost me over 2,000.00. Thanks, guys. I was sobbing in the office on my way to visit my mother in the ICU. They handed me a paper towel and said there's nothing they could do. I hope you guys can sleep at night. Because I can't.
3	My friend lives here. That's really the extent of my knowledge about this place. She says her rent is reasonable and she likes the view she has (even though I think it's not the best). I wouldn't live here, though. It's far from town, and the guys who work there don't seem to be super nice.
1	This place used to be decent but has recently had a complete turnover in staff and they all are pretty much useless. This heater in the pool hasn't worked in 2 years and I was told by the "corporate" office that they have mechanical issues. For 2 years? Really? We haven't had landscaping done in almost a year so now I've listened to loud leaf blowers and other machinery for 2 full days now which has repeatedly woken my newborn. When I called the office to ask about the noise I was told "well we have to do landscaping!" Shocking since its been nearly a year since anyone has done it. Our towel rack fell off the wall only to reveal it was being held up by caulk! Some of the maintenance people are great but others are completely useless. Security is hit or miss. The security gate is useless being that people sit and wait until a tenant opens it then follows them in. Or they wait until someone is leaving and darts in the exit gate. The garbage trucks show up at 6am and wake the entire complex. The noise level is steadily getting louder and louder. I will not be renewing my lease.
1	So my old roommate and I signed a 15 month lease here. It was an awful 15 months. Here are the reasons why:1. Whenever we would put in a request for maintenance, it would be at a specific time when one of us would be home so we could monitor the maintenance worker. They never showed up at the designated time due to "lack of parts". So they would come in when neither of us were home. I'm not comfortable with strangers just entering my home whenever it was convenient for them.2. We had 2 bathrooms. The breaker button for my electrical outlet was in my roommates bathroom. So when I had a shortage, I would have to go into her bathroom to press the button or ask her to do it. Super inconvenient when we both run on different work schedules. 3. The pipe under my sink was leaking for about a month when they finally realized it was an old pipe and was time for it to get replaced. No one has time to monitor a bucket under a sink. 4. PARKING!! There's no designated covered parking spot. Just a sticker to put on your back windshield so that you can park in the covered spots. Everyone without a sticker parked in the guest parking. There was hardly any guest parking so anyone and everyone parked underneath. Did they enforce the sticker? No!!! When I called management to complain, they said there were tow trucks daily towing people's cars. Did I ever see one in the 15 months I lived there?? No!! 5. I went to go turn in my rent check one day and all the employees were busy with other tenants. No one even acknowledged that I was there. After about 10 minutes, this one light skinned African American girl walked by and asked if I needed help. "I need to turn in my rent check." Her response with the stupidest look on her face says "awww we're all busy. Sorry." WTF kind of answer is that!!!! Take 2 minutes, write me my damn receipt and I'll be on my way. Are you guys that dumb? The answer, yes. 6. Children, teenagers, dogs. Noise everywhere!!! If you want to come home to a quiet apartment and relax, you're not going to get it. 7. There was no gate opener/clicker thing. You had to open your window and wave this black coin thing in front of this sensor so the gate would open. Not convenient during the occasional rain. And it was small enoug to get lost in your car with a $50 replacement fee. 8. I'm a clean person and so is my roommate. Being Asian, we never wore shoes inside. However, when we moved out, they charged us a ridiculously high cleaning fee!! We tried disputing it, but since we were dealing with the not-so-brightest people, the charges remained and we ended up coughing up the $. Ok that's enough. If I listed all the reasons why I hated this place, this review would seriously be never ending. In summary, just stay away. There are better apartments in LV. Save your money and walk away.
5	I love living at Copper Creek.  I have been here for 4 years now and I plan on renewing my lease again.  (As long as my job doesn't move me back to NYC.)  I think my dogs enjoy living here too because they are enjoying the bark park.There are so many good things about Copper Creek, it is hard to name them all.   Location is awesome BTW. My only complaint is the parking at times- so I rented a garage and now I always have covered parking.  (Kinda a necessity in vegas.)A few people have commended about maintenance on this website and I'm totally surprised because the maintenance team here is actually pretty good.   I have definitely had a few service calls and Jim the maintenance guy always has shown up on time and fixed the issue.  When my dishwasher broke a few months ago he was there within a few hours, so I was happy about that.  It is super convenient for me to pay my rent online so I rarely go into the office, so I've never had any of the issues others describe here.
1	I live here for a year now, whats really I didnt like is they never change our carpet since we moved! Dirty and stinky carpet, we asked of they can change it but they said thry only change it if we move out and someone will rent it! Ridiculous! A lot of cockroaches on our patio as well! Nasty! Parking enforcement is sucks! Theyll give u a notice if your car doesnt have a dmv sticker etc. Ill just finish my lease and will never live here again! A lot of apartments there that much better!
1	The only reason I gave this place one star is because of its location. Other than that, I wouldn't have given any if given the option. it really is a pain living here and experiencing ANY issues. Management has an extremely lax attitude about keeping its current tenants happy. Seems like they just don't care for repeat business, recommendations to other potential tenants, or even good reviews. Every negative thing you read in others' reviews are right on the money. Let me save you some time and stress if you've already made the mistake of moving in. 1. Tell your visitors to park anywhere. REALLY, no one cares. You can reverse park all day, everyday, NO ONE CARES. Sticker? No sticker? Doesn't matter... NO ONE CARES. Management would rather you not bother them with enforcing their lease. 2. Re-signing a lease means a raise in rent here. Start looking at other places in advance before your lease is up, trust me, I regret not doing so and re-signing thinking I'd be paying the same rent for the same exact place. 3. Just know before you call the office that no one is going to take accountability for anything, the office ladies are rude and try to rush you off the phone with your concerns so they can get back to getting paid to not care. Don't waste your time, suck it up, and start apartment hunting. I can't wait to move out. Pay attention copper creek. You got some issues.
5	My family moved over to Copper Creek about 6 months ago as the location and the apartment were very nice and very well priced. We were having major issues with our neighbors who would not stop partying. Literally from 9pm to 6am. However after working with the staff and property management, it was nothing but smooth sailing in regards to there genuine care, understanding and helpful. My husband and I decided to transfer to another apartment because we needed a larger apartment as we had another baby on the way and they helped us immediately. It was the best service I have ever received in a complex and I have lived in many different apartments. Thank you to the Copper Creek staff from the front office to corporate! Thank you for care :)
1	This has been a nightmare and the worst experience that I've had renting since I've lived in Vegas. First they did not disclose that rent prices fluctuate from the time you are quoted until the time you apply. Which hiked up in 1 month. So it ended up being $105 more than I was told. Realized later it was same exact unit. After much hassle and not willing to refund my $300 hold/admin fee, they gave an additional move-in credit and lowered $40. Rosemary and Azurde were nice, but beware of Tamara. I was told "sorry" , "Tamara is new" and "supply and demand". Yet my unit was still available.  Poor treatment from corporate office at Signature Management also. He had a family emergency, which I was suppose to know apparently and how dare I inconvenience him with my trivial problems and should feel bad, is the way he came across.  Tamara has changed her attitude since bringing that up to management. Beware of Dawn though.They had to replace several appliances and tore out carpeting due to bad condition. Can't imagine what kind of pigs lived there previously. There are knats and roaches in my patio. So forget using storage and being out there. There are many huge dogs and some owners are not picking up after them. Love that in front of my unit. So nasty!! Worst of all, I am now combating a HUGE roach problem and infested. I refuse to live and unpack until it is resolved. Currently going on 2 weeks. Completely ridiculous and absurd! DO NOT RENT here!!! At your own risk. Disappointing!!!!
1	THE WORST PLACE TO LIVE IN VEGAS. EVER. DONT DO IT. My roommate and I moved in around this time last year. We were desperate and needed to find a place quick. The price wasn't bad at first, it was close to UNLV, our jobs at the time, and near grocery stores. We should've spent the added week or two to find another apartment. I knew something was wrong when those incompetent girls working the front office kept losing our paper work and kept giving us the biggest attitude as if it were a bother that we came in to drop of the rent. The location of our apartment isn't that bad. However the people that live in the neighboring ones are the WORST. They're loud, inconsiderate and quite frankly annoying. Especially in the late nights when you have an early morning the next day. I can't even use the damn computer room without encountering rude teenagers who blast music so loud it feels like a club in a COMPUTER ROOM. (Hey kids, instead of using the computers to blast your ridiculous "music", how about you read a book once in a while, jerks).  Along with the computers room, there's NEVER any toner or paper. Like. Really? As if my rent check and all the other stupid fees can't cover it. MAINTENANCE IS THE WORST. my roommate and I never feel comfortable with having them enter our apartment when no one is home. So we have to CALL and make sure they can come on a day one of us can let them in. (Yes, CALL. Their website doesn't even let you set up a time and date. Step up your technology.) worst part is THEY NEVER SHOW UP WHEN YOU MAKE AN APPOINTMENT. It took me weeks to have them just fix a simple problem in my unit. Worst part is, THEY WASTED OUR TIME. We had things to do, instead we were cooped up in our broken apartment waiting for someone to just fix the problem. Ridiculous. Parking is NEVER enforced. Park wherever you want. Sticker or not. They don't care. So it's a freaken headache to park your car. Try complaining. They wouldn't do anything. Apparently those girls just get paid to sit on their asses all day.Don't even get me started on the manager or their lack of security in the complex. All in all, if I could give these apartments negatives stars, damn right I would give them a -50. Save your money and live somewhere else. My roommate cannot wait to leave this hell hole.
1	Plus: Location, ExteriorNegative: Everything else. Welcome to the only apartment complex in las vegas that tows and stickers cars. Management and maintence is a nightmare, seriously whatever happened to customer service. The new property manager, Rosemary is the worse! She promises she will fix a problem, and does not. Robbery. And the non-refundable deposit you pay to move in, upon move out you will be told "it was an administrative fee"!!! Move elsewhere
5	I have lived in many apartments over the years and I am very impressed by Donna in the office and the whole maintenance staff but especially by Brian. He looks very young but is so professional and knowledgeable about his job. He is in and out in no time and the problem is fixed right the first time. From day one I have felt at home and have not once wished I was somewhere else. I highly recommend this apartment community to anyone looking to find a home not just a place to hang their hat.Donna was able to answer all of my questions from the initial contact when I was visiting several apartments trying to choose where I wanted to live since relocating to this side of the country. She knows everything and if she doesn't know it she will find out for you. She always has a smile ready and makes you feel like you are important to her and not just another tenant that she doesn't have to assist because she already has your signed lease.I have only need maintenance a couple of times because the units are kept in such great shape but when my dryer wasn't working as well as I thought it should Brian was there on time and was able to diagnose the problem and didn't just put a bandaid on it. He fixed it right the first time and replaced the heating unit. It was still working but would not have lasted much longer. He was in and out in about 20 minutes and left no mess when he thoroughly cleaned the lint throughout the dryer too.
1	BEWARE WARNING !!!!!!!! These people stole my sons money !!! It's that simple !! He never even signed a lease !!!!he put his holding deposit and did his credit check ....he was approved and told his apt. Would be ready Oct ,11, 2014 .......then  when he went there they told my son there was no apt !!!! And they will not give him his money back ..so ..he sent a certified letter. They refused the letter .....this is theft ! He's a single dad .This is sick ! Shame on this place !!! we are going to the proper authorities ! Please beware to all good trusting people .
