3	Whenever my parents come to town, my father invariably wants steak.  This has become something of a problem recently, as the Hereford Barn has closed down, and even several of the chain restaurants (Lone Star, Longhorn) have started closing too.  So I started looking about to find somewhere new to try.I finally settled on the Ranch House after reading some favorable reviews on the Internet.  I'm always a little leery about somewhere that I've never even seen, but I figured if we didn't like it, we could always turn around and go somewhere else.Once inside, it's like you're transported back to a different time.  The dimly-lit interior could be from the 1950s (I'm guessing here).  The menu is relatively simple, with mostly steaks, and a bit of chicken and some seafood as well.  Steaks come with onion rings, salad, and your choice of baked potato or vegetable medley.It is clear that the place makes their living cooking steaks, as there really isn't a lot of thought to the rest of the menu, so we decided to go that route.  One of the more intriguing options is the "Dinner for 2", which gives you a 22 ounce (sirloin) steak and all the fixings for two people, for a very reasonable price.  I also had a sirloin, the 10-ounce Ranch House Special.The salads came out first - very quickly, I might add.  I chose the homemade blue cheese dressing, and it was awesome.  Easily the best blue cheese dressing I can ever remember having.  That really isn't saying much, as I can't remember ever having any other blue cheese dressing before, but it was really good.  I'd suggest going just for the dressing.The steaks came out shortly after - really fast, in fact.  It seems that the fast cooking time is a direct relationship to the thickness of the steaks (they are very thin).  This isn't necessarily a bad thing, as a thin piece of meat can be good.  And it wasn't bad, exactly, but it didn't have a lot of flavor, either.  In fact, the steak from Upstream was better.  Odd.Even the service was great.  It was just that the steak wasn't, which was a shame.
3	This place is like something out of a cowboy movie.  The place looks like an old frontier home and has a rustic feel.  And the menu only adds to the manly atmosphere, meat and more meat.  But I shouldn't complain because I love steak and this place can serve it up very well.  Of course it's kind of no frills, but it's the food that's the important part.  And the food here will satisfy if you have a deep craving for red meat like I did.  It had been forever since I had a good steak and it tasted really good.  Cooked very nicely, and the side dishes were excellent as well.  The service was really the best part though.  The waitress was very friendly and seemed very happy to be there, which is kind of rare in my experience.
4	I honestly can't remember why I stopped by here, but I do remember how good the food was.  It's just a solid, old-school steakhouse.  It ain't Morton's but it kicks sand in Black Angus's eye.  What I remember most were the servers, just these old-school friendly Southern women.  I had myself a rib-eye, which was done to a perfect medium rare.  It was basically a pitstop for me for dinner, but I wouldn't mind going back there again.
3	Staying near the airport in Charlotte on a business trip, I was looking for a dinner place nearby...found the Ranch House on Yelp.  First off, it is one of the only real restaurants in a wasteland near the airport.  Fast food and gas stations abound, so if you are there and looking for a dining option, this is the one.  Don't be thrown off by the hulkin security guard in the parking lot either....the place is fine.   One piece of advice...when folks say it is dark....it is DARK.  If you are getting old and you forget your reading glasses, forget about reading the menu.  Hell, bring a flashlight.     At any rate, we were seated immediately (there was a large party having a really good time on the other side of the restaurant) in a booth.  Nothing fancy like tableclothes here...but there are clothe napkins. The menu is very simple....steak and more steak.  I ordered the 22 ounce cowboy ribeye medium rare and that is exactly what I got.  It comes with a salad (chopped iceberg lettuce and two radish slices) and your choice of side (steamed veggies or potatoes).  The steak was fine. I wouldn't put in par with the finest steak houses, but it compared favorably to Ruby Tuesday or Outback.  It was well prepared and was buried under three large onion rings.  A little on the fatty side, but tasty.  I would liken it to the best supermarket steak you would buy and grill yourself. Unfortunately, I was under the weather, so other than the house merlot and a shot of glenlivet after dinner, nothing else to report.  Our waitress was sociable.  The atmosphere was utilitarian.  I wouldn't rave about the place, but considering some of the eateries I find on the road, this one was okay.  In other words, I'd go back (for a meat fix).  Pricewise, this ain't cheap.  My ribeye was $29 and my colleagues 13 ounce boneless ribeye was $22.  Strangest thing about the Ranch House....although it is a steak house, there was absolutely no smell of food in the place.  No charred meat odor, nothing at all.
3	i agree w/the last reviewer, have been there 4 or 5 times and the best things about the place are the atmosphere/decor, the shrimp cocktail and the KILLER cocktail sauce that'll blow your head off..other than that its a pretty average restaurant, the steaks are OK, but not worth $25-30 (when you can spend the same price at a place like Sullivans) and a little on the stringy side...i liken it to Beef & Bottle, a place that is raved about more for the old-school charm than the actual food
3	Decent steaks and large portions.  Bring some night-vision goggles if you have a hard time seeing in the dark though.  The most recent time I went I had a terrible time getting our meal out but they comped the grilled shrimp and threw in free dessert.  You can get a tasty steak without emptying your wallet completely.
3	Excellent service.  Cocktail Sauce will clear the sinuses.   Steaks were cooked correctly but not up to par with the past.  Ordered a rib-eye, looked like a typical steak from Golden Corral.  Dessert was excellent.  They gave us a free dessert since it was our "date night".  Very local in flavor. Southern Hospitality to the core.  Would go back in a heart beat.  Would not consider it worth the $100 for two, though.
3	JUNE 2011 - NOW CLOSED.I just read in today's Observer that the Ranch House is now closed - the owners are trying to find a buyer for it. Sad to lose another Charlotte Institution! This place holds a lot of memories for a a lot of people. (For me, I first went to the Ranch House on a date with my first boyfriend around 20 years ago!)  Honestly, the food was not my favorite but the place had character.
5	Absolutely loved this place. The New York Strip was my fav and it always satisfied me. The service was always great as well. Used to be a type of place that you never knew who you might rub elbows with as many of the movers and shakers of Charlotte and the surrounding area would dine here. My most favorite thing in all the world was made here and I really wish I could have gotten the recipe. It was there Homemade Blue Cheese Dressing. It was da-bomb. Thanks Ranch House for so many good memory's.
4	Old school steak house feel but a good spot to hit if you son't want to head downtown for some real grubbing!
