5	My mother has been in Sante for 14 days now.  We chose Sante' after going to several facilities.  It is first and foremost, an excellent care facility with occupational and physical therapy every day for rehabilitation with a very well equipped gym.  There is speech therapy for cognitive reinforcement.  Group activities help round out the very long recovery days. Additionally, there is a chef that makes meals to order with a menu that varies from day to day and the food is very good. The building, dining room, and client rooms are set up as a very warm and lovely hotel. However....the best part of this facility is certainly the staff!  The staff from administration, nursing, assistants, therapy, chef, hosts, servers,social staff, transportation, and cleaning  ALL have a smile on their faces and GREET you and address ones concerns or questions immediately.  Our family has been so impressed with their apparent concern and attention.  We would name people that have been so great to my mother and to our family but we simply would not know where to start as the entire facility has been more than stellar!  We are so grateful that all of them have taken such great care of our precious mother.L.D. Haley
5	"What a surprise! When I heard "Rehab" - never could I envision this - Rm - super - Bed - comfy! Staff above reproach - helpful - courteous - "Rehab" - unbelievable - a staff with "you" the focus - I have mild COPD - The goal - go home No O2 + back on my feet - driving our car. Please look at Sante  1st.That's where you or your loved one will want to be.  Oops - forgot - food! 1st CLASS+."  RS
5	Everybody is very friendly  and helpful.  Our  Uncle  Jerry was there for  about 4 weeks following a stroke.  Unfortunately Sante is only a short term care and he had to be moved to a long term care facility.  It will be very difficult for any other nursing care to measure up to the treatment he, and all of  his friends and family received from Sante.  Highly recommended!
2	My mom has been at Sante for 5 weeks. Physical therapy good.  Facility clean and food great. She received a serious bed wound over 3 weeks ago that is being treated by wound specialist. She is diabetic . They want to release her and have not revealed her condition to Medicare as I stated in my appeal.
1	My mother was placed here at age 79 after being hospitalized for 3 days for dehydration. She was very weak and could not walk. She also was on a fluid pill and had to be taken to the bathroom frequently. When she pushed the call button no one shows up for at least 10 minutes. I was there and pushed the call button and no one shows up so I had to end up taking her to the bathroom and I have a bad back. The food is no good. No one there cares about you.  We tried the Chandler location and that was even worse. She ended up falling trying to get to the bathroom because no one showed up to take her and they moved her wheel chair away from the bed. I'm not sure why. So she now has a fractured wrist. I took her out of there and got her a private caregiver in her own home. THE PT was a young girl and didn't seem to be very knowledgable either.
5	I was was really surprised to see a negative review on here.  My experience has been nothing but positive.  My 78 year old family member is there.  I visit everyday twice a day.  When the call buttons are pressed I don't think we have ever waited longer than 5 min, for someone to respond.  They are friendly and pleasant.  I really like the food, the burgers and cobb salad are great.  The chef has been in the dining room talking to the visitors and guest to ensure their experience is good.  They are first rate, hands on and really go out of their way to be as helpful as possible.  I had several tours of several facilities scheduled prior to my relatives arrival.  This is by far the best hands down.
