5	I was always a regular when they were the Half Shell. Went in to the new Beach House and I was SUPER excited to find that even though the name had changed, the great service and hospitality is still there. I love the new menu! Can't wait to go back and try more of their wing sauces and burgers! IT IS a must have!!
1	Sorry... the new establishment will NOT be frequented by me or my family again.We were ignored, our food was delivered an hour and a half AFTER we ordered, and when it came out one of the dishes was incorrect and the food was barely warm.  In fact, my mom's Reuben sandwich was soggy and the fries cold.  After an hour and a half... we weren't about to ask to have any of our dishes fixed... why would we want to wait again?  So, needless to say.... the food really didn't taste good.Mind you... we had to flag down our server to re-order drinks and we had to flag her down to ask about our dinner where she checked on it... said  the kitchen was busy.... and then we had to wait another 35 minutes before it came out... (so a total of an hour and a half from the time we ordered to the time it was delivered.)Our waitress tried to blame it on the kitchen... but in all honesty... the other waitress in the area didn't seem to have any problems with getting her tables served in a timely manner and the downstairs main dining area wasn't that busy.There are too many other places to eat on Eastern... we'll go elsewhere.
1	I'm done with this place now!  They no longer have the 1/2 serving of the crab nachos, and the Lava flow drink that is still on the menu....well they really don't have it anymore because they don't have a blender at the bar.   But I guess they can make it if they really want to go through hoops to make it for you.
4	Although I haven't eaten the food yet, any place that plays the Grateful Dead & Stones is all thumbs up to me!
1	Was looking forward to checking out the "new" half shell, now called beach house.Nothing different from it either. Service was slow, and my order was messed up. It took an hour to get food and I also had to go to the bar to get my own drink because our server was no where to be seen. Slow everything, horrible service
1	We checked this place out for dinner tonight and we will never go back.  Super annoying jukebox music being played so loud that when the bartender asked us to repeat our comment we instead asked her to turn it down a bit so that she could hear us.  (9 Inch Nails and Korn aren't really my type of loud sports bar dinner music but hey, maybe it's yours).  On top of that, she had a whiney voice that kept droning on and on as she fought off the pathetic guys that were attempting to charm her.  Again, very annoying on top of the music.Since the menu was all over the map (seafood, Mexican, Italian, American), we stuck with salad and burgers to play it safe, and they were mediocre. Looks like they are  about 8 minutes away from closing. This is based on the fact that they appear to be selling merchandise for San Diego Chargers and selling fondant covered cakes. (Really? In a dumpy restaurant? Who would buy that??)  Not to mention that their on-tap beer wasn't working so we were limited to their poor bottle selection. They also had the door that separated the bar from the "children's gaming area" propped open for all the second hand smoke to spread into, which of course is illegal.  I'm only giving them a 1 star because i cant leave it blank evidently.  Definitely never returning here.
1	I was sitting with a group of my friends at a table, they were ordering drinks, but I decided to hold off. When I wanted a drink, I walked to the bar. I asked the bar tender for a glass of water . I drank my water and when it doesn't get filled, I walk back up to the bar. I asked for another glass of water. The bar tender grabs my glass and calls me a "cheap ass". Sorry I decided to be the designated driver for my friends. I offered him a dollar as a thank you for the water, and he held it to his head and called me cheap again. The drunk people at the bar started to laugh, and he kept going at my expense. Pissed off I go back to my seat. 15 minutes later he comes to my table , and says "sorry I guess I might of been rude." I told him that I would not ever be back and we left. I decided to sleep on it, and if I was still upset in the morning I would call to talk to the owner/manager/ whoever was in charge. When I woke i decided to call, and again the girl on the phone told me she wouldn't put anyone on the phone to talk to me. I asked for an email or anything to get a hold of someone. Her response was "we don't do that here." I got in my car drove down, where the girl was much more pleasant, but still told me I would have to wait till Tuesday to hear from anyone. This was Saturday.  Now I understand why this place failed the first time around, and will probably fail again.
4	I liked the old place and I like the new place. I only visit and sit @ the bar. I can tell you the wings are awesome, I don't know if they changed them cause I never had them before but they are the meatiest wings I have had in the Area. I like the Habanero Mango flavor.Good Happy Hour Specials
1	Went to this bar and grill today, because it is supposed to be a football hangout (at least it was last year). Server said there were no specials for the games, which I find strange, seeing advertisements for game day specials in front of bars all over town. Ordered a $10 sandwich. The sandwich was mediocre at best, and that's being generous. It came with approximately 12 french fries. Service was okay, but there were only about 8 people in the place at the time, most at the bar. We will not return to this place. Seemed to us like a failing business. Drink prices were higher than most places we've been to as well. We live near the other Beach House on Horizon Ridge, and have had a similar experience there, also.
2	THE ONLY REASON IM GIVING 2 STARS IS BECAUSE ITS A CHARGER BAR... that is the only reason. I used to come to Half Shell all the time, and LOVED it. amazing food, great service. When I moved across town I stopped coming. But i had a bunch of friends here the other day for a Chargers game so i decided to visit my old stomping ground. big mistake...I don't think Ive ever received such bad service at a sports bar in my life. What kind of establishment doesn't have a side of grilled veggies. Odd. When I asked the server for a fuzzy navel drink (i was hungover and this is usually my go to cure) she had no idea what was in it. That's a very basic drink, so I told her what was in it and when I had gotten my bill I noticed she used the most expensive vodka they had instead of the well vodka but we will get to that later...During this time all the bartenders did were talk to each other and continue to ignore their guests. I could tell everyone at the bar was getting a little irritated but refrained from saying anything. Oh yea, and they only had one beer on tap, Guinness. whats up with that?So for food, I ordered a side of grilled chicken. It came out very pink in the center. when i asked her to send it back to cook a little longer she explained the cook would get mad at her and offered to just order me a new one. She then proceeded to charge me for two chickens... uhhh WTF?When I asked her about these charges she just explained I had ordered that drink and I had her order me another side of chicken. I asked to speak to a manager and she said there wasn't anyone there. Interesting. I truly hope the owners of this place read this. Because the service was horrendous and they need to be aware of this.
1	I used to be a frequent customer some time ago before the name change, but lately I cannot find an excuse to go in.  There are several things about this place that just hurt its experience.  RIght when you walk in the door, you see a bunch of arcade games next to dining tables.  This was likely used as a draw to bring families into the restaurant.  But unless you're with children, this doesn't make for a comfortable dining atmosphere.  It becomes annoying very quickly.This leaves the bar for seating.  While the bartenders were reasonably friendly, the drinks were too pricey for its location.  And smoke certainly degrades a dining experience.Lastly, the food has slowly become deploring.  I wanted to continue to like this place.  But the food quality has gone so downhill that it's just not possible.This place had promise when its the Half Shelf.  But since its name change and revamp, it just hasn't been able to capture a solid foot.  Poor food, poorer service, and a depressing atmosphere.
