3	So, we thought we'd head down to the brand new City North development today for lunch and see what all the hub-bub was about, BEFORE it got crazy over the weekend. We knew that several new restaurants were part of the development, so we were excited to try something new. Well, 3 restaurants have yet to open. Ocean Prime, a very posh looking steak/seafood restaurant, is only open for dinner. That left Kona Grill. Sigh........ Not exactly what we had been hoping for, but there we were. As you would expect, the restaurant is very hip inside, with cool blue lights over the sushi bar. The "booze" bar is half open to a corner patio, which will be a prime location for happy hours, especially as the City North project grows. Being that it was only their second day open, there were some kinks in the operations. It took our server 10 minutes to even deliver menus (we had to ask twice). The food (2 sandwiches) took aver 30 minutes to be delivered (other tables that seated after ours were served before us). To be fair, the manager did come over and apologize to us.  At least he cared. The food was good and what you'd expect. I enjoyed my Barbecue Pork sandwich and the sides that came with it were yummy. The bread seemed a bit old, which was odd for a 1-day-old establishment. Overall, Kona Grill is what it is. I would definitely be inclined to go back for happy hour. However, it'll be other restaurants that bring us back to City North; not Kona Grill.
2	Stopped by with a group after work for a week-ending celebratory happy hour.  We sat in the nearly-empty restaurant area rather than in the rather crowded bar or either crowded patio.  We were advised that the happy hour specials were only honored in the bar area; at least they were upfront.As our group slowly filtered in we enjoyed drinks and appetizers, but mostly the company.  The starters were followed up by a variety of mains and sushi and finally a few desserts.  The food quality seemed to vary quite a bit from dish to dish.  Some were better than others, but nothing was spectacular.  The service matched; good but not spectacular.  Overall, the experience wasn't memorable; much like my last visit to a Kona Grill (Scottsdale Fashion Square) many, many years ago (which I honestly don't remember).Appetized the eyes, but not the palate.
2	Love the City North area -- not so crazy about the Kona Grill there...I guess its pretty typical, I've eaten at only one Kona Grill that I thought was good for food.  My hubby and I had drinks there - just ok.  The beef noodle dish truly was like I opened a bag of ramen noodles from the store and added some meat to it.  It was ok but for that price, I should have just gone to Safeway and gotten ramen noodles!Put on your must miss list everyone - just go for drink and maybe an appetizer but go somewhere else for your main meal...
4	Went there for a tweetup event.Nice location. Parking garage is a bit far from the actual restaurant, but whatever. At least they didn't require valet.The tweetup took place on the back patio, which was reserved for the event. Really, REALLY nice layout on the patio. The inside looked pretty nice, but I didn't pay a lot of attention.Half-price happy hour was fantastic! $4 brew whose name I can't recall, $5 personal pizza, with ANDOUILLE SAUSAGE (FTW!) that was delicious (despite being curiously named the Kona), and pretty good coffee for $2.50.I'd go back here in a second for a nice dinner date or client meeting. (If I had clients)The staff was MOSTLY attentive, but there were a lot of people present. I'll ignore that aspect for the time being.Can't yet say I'd HIGHLY recommend as I have only sampled the lighter faire, but I would recommend this place to those looking for something in the North Valley.
1	I went today to meet my daughter for lunch.  We are both big sushi enthusiasts.  The interior and atmosphere was beautiful.  Well appointed.The service was excellent.  We ordered edamame, was good...nothing to rave about.  Not much you can do to mess that up.  Drinks were well poured but exspensive for what you got.  Ordered five different sushi rolls.All five were bland, not much flavor and stale.  The fish was not fresh.Paid $12 for a soft shell crap roll and it tasted days old.  Will not go back.Did here they have good pizza and a happy hour at three.  My daughter says to give it another try.  We'll see... I'll let you know if I do.
4	No different from the other Kona Grill locations.  I've sampled the sushi and a variety of cooked dishes here and at the other locations over the years and it's all pretty ok, if a bit pricey.  This location is rarely busy, and the service has been fine in my experience.  It's a nice, new location with convenient parking.
1	Not a fan, will update later, but I definitely felt that this needed to be put up ASAP!!
1	Unfortunately, this was the worst sushi I've ever had. The rolls and other pieces were edible, but the mackerel sashimi was simply unbearable, and I had the awful salty taste in my mouth for the rest of the day to remind me (a taste so pungent, it persisted even after having Mexican food for dinner). wow.
3	Came here for my birthday celebration with my boss and his wife. Decor is very nice, kind of like a lounge. We ordered the kona filet steak, miso sake sea bass  and the sweet chili glazed salmon.  For appetizer we had the chicken and shrimp romain lettace wraps which were good. The filet steak was very tender and the miso salmon was cooked perfectly. There was a mistake in our order (my boss ordered the strip but ended up with the filet steak) but Chris our waiter was more then happy to adjust our meal. The manager even came to apologize personally. The service alone made me boost the rating one star. For dessert, the boss man and his wife shared an ultimate fudge brownie and I had the red velvet cupcake. What I liked was there were two sizes of dessert, one size for yourself and one size to share. I should have gotten something else since the red velvet cupcake was dry and stale tasting. Overall, I don't think I would come back because the food was decent but nothing extraordinary.
3	Not really any different from the other Kona Grill locations. I used to frequent the Scottsdale Fashion Square location mainly because my office was right across the street from it. This location is rarely busy other then your typical happy hour crowd. The service has been decent and patio atmosphere is preferred so get there early on in the evening if possible.
1	First off dessert and wine were great. Went there with a group of five. Had drinks, dinner and dessert. Shared the creme brulee and red velvet cupcake. But two of us also shared a bout of violent food poisoning. Although we didnt eat the same thing we both were spewing not much later and one of us even took a trip to the ER. Not a clue what was contaminated that made us both sick. Maybe it was the edamame, who knows. But for sure, will not be going back.
3	Great place for happy hour.There's not much going on at City North except for the restaurants and bars.  Kona Grill is the place for decent food and cheap drinks for happy hour.This last visit my friend and I ordered the fried calamari and a Hawaiian pizza.  Both were pretty good and enough to fill us up.The Sam Adams seasonal beer was served in chilled beer glasses which was a nice touch.Sitting at the bar talking with friends, watching TV and having fun people watching is the way to go.
4	This is one of my favorite spots for sushi. I have been eating sushi my whole life and I absolutley love it! The place has not only awesome sushi but alot has a great menu with really yummy food selections. The happy hour is SO great too! The have regular happy hour and reverse happy hour. Great for a nice lunch date, nice dinner or some fun drinks and good times.
4	Happy hour.... gotta get there early right after you get off work.Otherwise it gets jam packed.For happy hr, you're only allowed to be seated on the patio so it sux in the summer.I like the battered fried calamari  and the 5 dollar pizza-- BBQ chicken pizza.Pretty good value for those two items.Can't say much about their other stuff.
3	Our waiter was a bit spacey, and our food was just ok.
1	I must say, I just got a new job and was looking to treat myself to a nice lunch and was not to impressed with the food. Especially at that price point. Yes the atmosphere was good and so on. But I would advise to stick to the drinks unless you are into hyped up scenes with no delivery.
3	Food came out relatively fast and the service was good.Battered fried calamari was horrible.Totally missed this time.Tasted like undercooked flour.It was surprising bc I really liked this dish last time.What happened to the chef that cooked the last time :(BBQ chicken pizza was okay but not as good as I remembered.Atlantic Roll (salmon wrapped in rice and topped with tempura flakes and eel sauce) was pretty good.Sweet and sour shrimp was amazing.It was served in a crunchy shell which I enjoyed munching on w/ the flavorful sauces of the shrimp.
5	We were hungry.... We were thirsty....We were starving for football... So we went here for happy hour on a Saturday, just to give a new place a go. Ended up getting pretty plastered but was a great time. Had awesome sushi and watched some college football. Bartender was very friendly, knew her drinks and made them well. The sushi was in decent serving sizes and was very good. The bar has a decent alcohol selection too, we able to make all the drinks and shots we thought of. Will 100% be going back!
1	Tried to eat there with family for lunch.  Only had 1 server who couldn't get to our table to get us even water.  We finally got up and left after 15 minutes.
4	Great place for Happy Hour!  Terrific service and food comes out quickly.  We order the spicy tuna sushi everytime as well as a crunchy shrimp appetizer that has a kick to it.  We are usually wine drinkers but the last time we went we tried the margaritas and they were amazing!  This location is very close to my house and Happy Hour starts early so it's a great place to meet friends right when we get off work.
5	I love that Kona is now up in Desert Ridge, the macadamia chicken is one of the best dinners ever.  I also like their sushi and love their happy hour.  It is a great location with a great patio, I just wish they were open later.  The atmosphere is upscale and is a great date night place, we often go here in a large group before heading out to drink more at Blue Martini or Sand Bar.  Overall good place for any occation.
3	Three of us had lunch. We ordered fried calamari, shrimp tempura rolls, and crab rolls. Our hostess was pleasant, attentive, and prompt. We gave good for calamari, but sushi chef needed to improve the rolls. We gave below average on the rolls. We may like to try other stuff later.
3	Edamame so-so, sushi sashimi combo good, miso soup great, price was great by chicago standards!
4	I have never eaten a regular meal here. I usually go for the reverse happy hour from 10-12pm. Cheap drinks, good food and a good atmosphere. The servers here are good. I don't eat sushi myself, but everyone I go with loves the Crunchy Crab Rolls. They have three different pizzas, pepperoni, BBQ chicken and cheese. I have had the pepperoni and BBQ chicken. Both were extremely good. I definitely recommend that someone looking for a good time, cheap drinks, and good food.
5	I LOVE everything about Kona Grill.If you love appetizers, go for their happy hour where all appetizers are half off and select sushi items are at a special price, as well as drinks. The ahi tuna on wonton crisps are a-m-a-z-i-n-g!! I can not go here without ordering them! Also, their calamari is fantastic. As far as sushi goes, the wave roll is to die for. My favorite entree, by far, is the miso-sake marinated sea bass. Oh. My. Goodness. I have never, ever in my life found an entree that I like more. The fish is like butter, it melts in your mouth, and the marinade compliments it perfectly. The fried rice on the side is so, so delicious and the grilled broccolini is to die for. Really, a perfect dinner. The service is always fantastic. Also, if you sign up for their email club, they send you a certificate for a free appetizer or sushi roll for signing up, and a certificate for a free entree on your birthday! Can't beat that!!
1	We had 2 extremely greasy entrees and returned them in exchange for sushi, which we hoped would be fresh. The fish smelled rotten and looked scary. The mackerel had brown spots on it. The seaweed salad was all gelatin ... not even real seaweed.  We left feeling ill.
4	I can only speak for one thing here it is the only thing I ever order. The oriental salad with the macadamia nut chicken. The dressing is the perfect amount and I love the crispy chicken with the crunchy cabbage. I am not a sushi fan at all but my husband always enjoys his dishes. I did have a blushing geisha cocktail that was to die for. But at almost ten dollars I thought it was over priced. The red velvet cake did taste like a freezer, that was my first time ordering desert there and most likely my last time.
4	Not bad. Had The Jamaican chicken and banana, very tasty. Also had a soft shell crab roll which was pretty good.
5	Kona grill is never a disappointment.  Sushi, the regular menu, the atmosphere.....  The staff is very friendly and the food is very good!  We like to create our own sushi dishes and the chef is always ready and willing!  I highly recommend Kona Grill for consistently good food!
5	Grea happy hour options: Sushi, sake, cocktails...and everything is soo good!
2	Kona Grill's sushi is comparable to the sushi that is available in grocery stores.  Which is terrible. For some seriously incredible sushi try Hiro or Yasu.  Kona Grill is best for Happy Hour finger foods and cocktails.
3	Susan 1 and I popped by Kona after being disappointed by City North and its ghost town appeal. I've been to other Kona locations before so I'm really familiar with their menu. I was in a huge sushi mood so we ordered a few plates of sashimi and a few different rolls. The sashimi was extremely fresh-a delight to me being in a landlocked state! Yum! The service was ok, it could've been better seeing that there was only one other table filled but we enjoyed the time to just chat and catch up.
4	I went today for a business lunch with customers.  The decor was very well done, the service was attentive and the food was wonderful.  I had the Ahi Tuna sandwich which was served rare as it should be.  The tuna steak was thick, perfectly seasoned, and cooked to perfection.  It had a nice grill flavor and was quite possibly the best cooked piece of tuna I have ever had.  The sandwich had avacado, sprouts and was on a nice bun.  Nothing to complain about, at all everything was perfect.  When I'm back in town I will return.Well done!!!
4	A few of my friends asked me to tag along to Kona's happy hour and I'm so glad I did. They have margaritas and cosmos for $5 and the Philly roll is included on the list (when it never is). I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a fabulous happy hour.
4	Great time for dinner with friends. 4 of the 6 of us ate sushi. Everything tasted fresh and it was presented well. The server didn't hear my wife order her entree and thought she just wanted a dinner salad. But he made it right. We'll be back.
5	If you visit the Kona Grill....DO NOT MISS the  Bama roll and Wave roll.  Also, the Lobster Mac n' Cheese is very tasty, albeit a smaller portion size.
5	Great happy hour all afternoon on Saturdays. Decent sushi and drinks onspecial. Larger menu of entrees but I go for the sushi specials. Huge patio,I've even taken the kids for early dinner and they love it! The locationbeats other sushi restaurants for the same price.
4	Nice place, cool setting.  Myself and some colleagues ate here for lunch and had the lunch special.  Had the sushi and salad for 10 bucks.  Nate was our server, he was great, very nice and quick to refill drinks.  I would have given them a 5 if the portions were more.  For 10 bucks I wasn't impressed with the amount of salad or sushi that I received.  I'm guessing that was just because it was on the lunch menu, my guess is that during the dinner time the portions are more but I'm not sure.  I'd go back.
1	Really disappointed. My sushi arrived 10 minutes after my friend's lunch came. Portion size of the hand roll and the Ikura was half what it used to be here. What's up, Kona? This used to be my favorite place to go. :(
4	Kona's food is wonderful, and I love their cosmos! The service is pretty slow, which is my only complaint. Granted, I'm usually here during the dinner rush on Fridays and Saturdays, but even during regular and reverse happy hour it seems things have been taking awhile lately. But most of the wait staff is nice, and the managers are great too.We usually get some sushi (all of it is good) or some potstickers for an appetizer. I like the flatbread pepperoni pizza and the chinese chicken salad for dinner. They have pretty good deals on drinks and starters during happy hour (until 7). Their pomegranate cosmos are delicious! And only 5 (or 5.50 maybe) during happy hour.
2	This was my first time here and probably my last.  I went with a very large meet-up group and service was paaaaaainfullly slow.  C'mon managers, when you have a large group, staff it appropriately!!   Drinks took forever to get there and getting the bill was just as painful.  BTW, you might ask your server what they do with your credit card once you give it to them.  Our server put ours in a huge batch with others in her pocket and then asked me to pick out which one was mine.  No ID check at all.  Really?    Too many other restaurants around here that have better service - pass.
3	We stopped at Kona for lunch on our way from Carefree to Scottsdale.  Weird menu, everything from sushi to flatbread pizza.  We were underwhelmed by the food but service was friendly and attentive.  Would not recommend if you're into good food.
4	Half off bottles of wine all day every Wednesday! Score. Get the angry Edamame, very tasty. Our bartender Tom was great and this place gets PACKED so get there early if you can. Sushi was fresh and very good. So all in all, good service, good food, great company. Exactly what I needed!
2	It was a Tuesday night. We had a party of 6. The wait time to get just water was well over 10 minutes. The restaurant was not at 40% capacity at this time so there seeemed to be no reason for the wait. Our group ate the prime rib sandwich: yum, the penne with lemon sauce: yum. The Cobb salad came out with nothing but lettuce and it took us a while to fine our waiter to get the remaining ingredients. He quickly fixed it and apologized. It was actually very funny that we were brought out just lettuce! We also ordered to pad Thai. Which was ok. The flatbreads were a hit though!The drinks were good and the location was good for us. I wouldn't go there again though.
1	Our Host went and had a drink at the Bar.Or waitress brought us half our order.The suppose manager of the restaurant brought most of our order.The waitress took 20 minutes to bring the check...We should have sat at the bar. The view of the men bartenders would have counter acted the bad service.No wonder there are a lot of vacant spaces out here!
3	Came here to meet a friend for happy hour today.  I arrived 20 minutes early so thought I'd grab a drink and play Draw Something on my phone while I wait at a table by the bar.  I normally experience prompt service here, but it took someone 15 minutes to say, "Hi, can I get you something?"  It was a bit strange to wait so long for someone to come by.  After that the service was good.  I had their happy hour wine Cabernet and my friend had a Sam Adams.  She got the blackened fish tacos and I got the chicken and shrimp lettuce cups.  They were very good, but greasy.  I wasn't sure what was causing the grease, but it made my lettuce cups rip easily.  I normally like the food here, so it wasn't the biggest deal.  They were very tasty, just hard to eat.  I would come here again and get the flat bread and sushi!
5	Happy hour is great... Good prices, nice selection. Love the flatbreads and the ahi burger is soooo tasty! Great for the kids, too, as it's dark and loud inside.
1	Since we always come here for happy hour, I thought to stop by for lunch one day for sushi.  Um, yeah, there aren't very many sushi specials for lunch.  The only thing on the menu was 4 pcs sushi with soup for $10.  The menu was puzzling - had clam chowder, burgers, and non-existent sushi options.  Very disappointing.
4	Great happy hour specials on sushi!  I love it that they have reverse happy hour every day of the week as well.  Their sushi is awesome too.  Great place to go after a movie.
1	Food was great as usual but waitress needs to find a job she enjoys. Avoid this place at all cost!!
3	I like this place for drinks on the patio and even then the service is pretty slow. I don't know what it is about this place but the past three or four times I've been here I've continually noticed how long I wait for everything: original drink orders, refills, food, the check, the final bill...I'm not surprised others have voiced their disappointment with the wait as well. Keep in mind I've never had bad service -- all of our servers have been very nice and pleasant. It just seems a little amateurish of place, like maybe this Kona Grill gives servers their first job or something. The food is actually pretty good, even if you don't like suishi. The flatbread pizza is hit or miss: the bbq chicken is YUMMY but the pepperoni tastes like DiGiorno :( I want to come here soon and try the shrimp tempura. One thing I do love is the atmosphere. I love the cool blue lighting and giant fish tank. It's a relaxing place to dine or drink. This place is right by where I live so I love the fact that I can walk here for drinks at night since the only options are Mellow Mushroom and Blue Martini. Downside: they close at 12:00AM on weekends. Lame but there is a silver lining: G]guess I should take it as a sign I'm meant to be at Sandbar, a mere $5 cab ride away in Desert Ridge.
4	Great quality restaurant.  Had the Sushi many times and its always good!  Big desserts to share!
4	A friend recommended this place to us and even recommended the Hawaiian ribeye. We went on a Saturday night at about 5:15. Upon ordering, the waiter returned to say the chef just informed him that they did not have that item available this night that I would need to select another item. I would say that was poor planning on the chef for it to be the weekend and one of you Hawaiian dishes was not available. What I ended ordering was very good. Prices a little high on some things but overall it was good. We had good service.
5	Really great sushi - the bama roll is amazing has a good kick to it!  I am really picky about sushi and this place never fails.  They have a good happy hour - really great deals!  We recommend this location to everyone.
3	My husband and I went here for sushi and shashimi last night and overall, the food was pretty good.  Spicy tuna rolls were excellent as well as the ahi tuna shashimi.  Gyoza was just ok.  Happy hour prices are great!  Had the shashimi flight and while it tasted very good, the portions were very, very small compared to a large price tag.  We went at around 4:00 so place was not overly busy.  Service was decent.
2	Took 45 minutes to get our food. The kids ordered Mac and Cheese, wife ordered salmon and I ordered the spicy tuna roll. Why the delay? No explanation, just an apology and they comped the Mac and Cheese. Unfortunately we won't be back. Service here in the past has been brutal... Too bad.
5	Love the staff. Great happy hour.
1	Wish I could give them a better rating. My Husband and I are big fans of Kona Grill- well not anymore. After spending $100 on dinner, the only thing that was not bad was the drinks, but how can you mess up beer from the tap? The service was okay, our waiter kept our waters full so that was good. The Food? AWFUL. We first got the egg rolls, which were over cooked and dry, but ya know we are not too pick of eaters, so we ate them. Then Entrees were the WORST part. My Husband got the 'Po Boy, and I got my "normal" the steak flatbread. The Po Boy was made with soft shell crab, or so it says- well what my husband got was NOT crab, it was slimy, raw, and so gross. My flatbread, which I typically love was overcooked, and just hard to eat- it was like chomping on cardboard. We ate what we could, and left- because my husband is not the type to send food back. The next day I decided to call and talk to management about it seeing that not only was the food awful, but my Husband was up all night with a stomach ache-  and this is a man who has a stomach of steel. The manager on duty explained that new management is on board, and they are trying to get business back----well serving what they did to us is doing opposite. They offered us a free appetizer- well thanks- but that is not worth the $100 we spent. They should have offered us our meals over, or a refund. Needless to say, we will NOT be back- and I encourage anyone in the area to eat elsewhere, like Yard House or Mellow Mushroom.
4	Great happy hour. I'm a vegetarian and they have delicious options for me. Sushi and egg rolls are my favorites!
5	Went on a team lunch last week, and service was a pretty good.. I had the Hawaiian Ribeye, which was delicious.. I saw the burgers some other teammates had, very tempting.. We ordered dessert and I took the carrot cake.. This "slice" was about the same size as about 2/3 or more of a cake you can get at Fry's or Safeway, very massive "slice"!!
3	We go there for lunch a lot on the weekends. Close to the house. Love the calamari with the special dipping sauce. The club sandwich with taro chips is yummy and can be split between two people. Other things we like are the chopped salad, flat breads and sushi. Had the Hawaiian rib eye for a special occasion with mashed potatoes and broccolini topped with a grilled pineapple and it was delightful. Service can be a disappointment (maybe just Sat. lunches). They seem to be there when you do not need them and not there when you need them. On a few occasions we had to ask for some small plates while sharing a starter or desert. You would think they would just bring them automatically rather than watching you drop food all over the table while trying to get it in your mouth. Just ask for extra plates ahead of time and chopsticks if you wish. They have them. I'll be back!
3	The other people in my party seemed pretty happy but I thought Kona Grill was pretty much just OK.  We spent a lot on a party of four and I didn't really think the food justified the price at all. Even though it wasn't busy at all our waiter forgot to bring a cocktail that one of the members of our party ordered but the service was ok other than that. It wasn't terrible but I doubt we will go back given the price to quality ratio, if prices were say 25-30% less I probably would give it another shot.
5	Been here three times in the past six months and not one complaint on food, service or atmosphere.  The Avocado Chicken Club is the best chicken sandwich I have ever had.  I'm not a big seafood fan, but I'll eat their California Roll.
4	Ok ... I going to raise my rating to 4 stars due to the food is so good and it is close to the house. Service for our table was better than the last few times for lunch. The remodeling is done and it looks great. Humongous TV in the bar section for watching sports. New pictures on the walls in the dinning room area and a fresh coat of paint with colorful accents in the right places. Food was again consistently good and arrived quickly. I could eat the Kona Calamari starter over and over again with their spicy aioli dipping sauce. Kona Club Sandwich with the yummy taro chips was giant and very tasty as well.My only disappointment was having to watch some of the apparently not busy servers gathering up around the cute front hostess and acting like a group of HIGH school students horsing around in the hallways at school. I expect a little more of a HIGHER end experience at this location. After all it is located on HIGH ST. Good thing the food rocks! See you next time.
5	LOVE the staff especially Nicky, Lorren & Blain... and Matt!!!  Great food!  Fantastic happy hour!  GREAT prices!  PS.. I REALLY like that mojito they have.. YUM!
4	We went for their late happy hour and had their amazing pulled pork sliders with sweet potatoe fries. They were delicious. I ordered a glass of wine and did not like it but the waitress easily gave me another selection and was totally fine with it, super nice! I seemed to be out of their normal client base but it was a nice place for happy hour.
3	pretty good food here, the brownie dessert was fantastic
1	We go here all the time, decided to stop in for a late lunch today. This blonde older looking lady was bartending, we ordered waters and she rolled her eyes at us. Then was talking to another server, and we could hear her complaining to him about us ordering waters. We walked out, didn't want to be served by someone who didn't want to serve us!Other than that I have always liked their service and food. I was sad to have left.
4	I love Kona Grill back home so hubby and I decided to stop by this location when we were in town. Located in "City North" this place is a perfect meeting place for any size group. The outside patio area is lovely and they have an expanded patio area for larger groups too. Their happy hour on the bar side goes from 3-7pm most weekdays with a late night happy hour for you night owls. They have now added their "all day" Sunday happy hour so don't miss out on that! You can leave feeling satisfied after choosing from a variety of their apps. My favorite is the sweet and sour shrimp. Pair that with a small salad and you'll be coming back for more. They have an endless list of delicious sushi rolls to choose from too. I prefer happy hour over dinner. You'll get a lot of food at a reasonable price. I am particularly attracted to their bar/outside seating area. I prefer it for a casual gathering and it tends to be a lot quieter than sitting inside. The bar area is positioned so even if you are sitting on the inside of the restaurant (at the bar) you get the feeling like you're still sitting outside.Our server was attentive, knowledgeable and very friendly. This place is a sure "winner" next time you're near by.
3	Slow bar service. It's slow and staff is not attentive. We love that the patio is open though. The breeze and weather are perfect.  Our server for dinner was excellent.
1	Incredibly horrendous service at the bar.  There were maybe 3-4 other patrons sitting at the bar and the bartender kept talking to them.  Was it because we're young looking?  Who knows.After sitting there for about 10 minutes or more, we finally had to flag down the bar back and ask for drinks.  My bf wanted to leave but I convinced him to stay for a drink.  The bartender came back exactly 1 time.  It took forever to get out bill...so we tipped him ZERO
1	Well, once again the service was awful ! WHY does a restaurant think that a cute young gal at the hostess station means anything if she is useless ???  We walked in and stood in front of the hostess stand, this blonde looked at us and said nothing????   I thought she didn't work there...I said " do you know where the hostess is?"  She said " I am the hostess "  I was floored !  Was she ever trained?  How the f*#@ did she ever get that job??  She sat us at a large table ....8 of us for happy hour and apps/dinner.  Gave half of us menus, and said nothing.....  we waited , and waited...I went back to her and said " Is anyone waiting on our table?"  Now she has a little bit of an attitude...I would of just left right there, but I had 7 other friends to think about.  We finally got a waiter????   Anyway,  I could go on and on....  our order came out in bits and pieces over a 10 - 15 minute span...sushi here...6 mins later a burger there, 5 minutes later my beer ( that was ordered first mind you ).  Poorly run restaurant...was not even worth calling over a manager....You know sometimes you just throw your hands into the air and say " whats the point in calling over a manager"  I will NEVER go back there....way too many other fun restaurants to spend my hard earned $$$ at !  The sad thing is,  that entire City North area, ( which could be a cool spot) is hurting anyway , and Kona Grill sure isn't helping draw people back.
3	Went on a date to this location. It was appealing inside, but very loud and poorly lit. I had orderd the lemon garlic shrimp penne. This dish had an over abundancy of hot chili pepper in it. Whew! It was very over powering. The creme brulee was interesting. It had a lemon zest note, so it was ok. It lacked richness. And the cafe latte was nothing special. Just a coffee with foamed cream.All in all. For the price of the menu, I would expect a higher end of food prepared.
4	one of many of their every growing franchise, kona has been a pleasing staple when you don't quite know what you want but know it's just something. there's menu items for all tastes, with a heavy asian influence. tonight, i met a post-elopement wedding party. this location had a nice patio with a local guitarist. i ordered the miso salmon salad. i should have asked for the dressing on the side because although it was tasty, a little too much salad dressing. the tofu bits were coated in macadamia and the salmon was cooked just right however. we had a big party (maybe 15?) and the service was fast and friendly. and to top it off, they split all the checks!
5	For those of you you who have had a bad experience at this restaurant in the past I encourage you to give it another try. I have been back three times since the grand reopening and wow, what a difference. The food and service has been top notch every time. Can't go wrong sea bass or macadamia chicken, both amazing dishes.
5	Visited Kona Grill on a Saturday night, we arrived about 5 ish and took a seat at a nice table at the bar. Our waitress was attentive, funny and made us feel welcome right from the start. The food that we ordered was wonderful, our selections were pot stickers, flat bread pizza and avocado rolls. Yummo.. To top off our 5 star experience one of the Mangers (Zach)  came over to our table and started a funny and delightful conversation with me and my girlfriend that left us laughing. Nice Job Kona we will be back !
3	The food was excellent, service was mediocre and the atmosphere was poor (WAY TOO LOUD!)  Get the Oriental Salad with the macadamia nut chicken - way good.
5	Five Stars Yet Again!!I held my daughter's sweet sixteen birthday party here (this is her favorite place to eat).  I reserved part of the back patio (North end).  Prior to the event, I was a bit nervous because I wasn't sure what to expect for a party of 20 kids and 7 adults.  I've only come to Kona for lunch with a couple other people.  Both Zach (mgr) and Michael (gm) were helpful and prompt in answering all my questions.  On the evening of the event, Zach made sure our party had enough "private" space as possible from other patrons on the patio.  We had two waitresses assigned to us full time and the food was plentiful for all.  And super delicious!!  We chose the buffet style, so the kids had a variety.  There was a live band that night and the singer was kind enough to take song requests and sing Happy Birthday to my daughter.  The kids had such a good time eating and mingling that I had a difficult time getting them to leave when the party was over. Overall, I was more than pleased with the experience and most of all my daughter was happy.  A special thank you to Zach for all that he did to make this a special birthday my daughter will never forget.
5	amazing food, great service, and an entertaining and comfortable atmosphere.
4	A group of five of us stopped in for a quick drink and nimble while waiting for an appointment.  The happy hour prices were reasonable and had quite a bit of choices.  All of the food we ordered was EXCELLENT.  I honestly couldn't believe that happy hour food could be so tasty.  Our waitress was average but that's fine.  I was definitely pleased we stopped here.  Yum.
1	First off what I can say is,NEVER COME HERE. HORRIBLE service, RUDE staff and UNCOOKED food! I was excited to go to this place but when I walked in I definitely did regret coming here. I went on a Friday night and it was HORRIBLE service. I will never be coming back here even if I got a free meal here. The hostess are not nice at all and My family and I had to wait 10 minutes just to get a table. The noise level is very very very loud in here! Like this place was more of a bar all throughout the restaurant than just in it's own area. All you here is drunk people screaming and laughing very loud and the whole time I couldn't even hear my family say something because it was that loud, we had to scream to talk and for one of us to even hear each other. The service is horrible. We had to wait 20 minutes before my mom finally asked a server if someone was going to help us. All the servers just looked at us as they were walking by and didn't even bother to ask if we have been helped or not. We finally got sent a server and he was horrible. He asked us what we wanted drinks and we ordered and then for 20 minutes he just disappeared out of no where and never brought us our drinks. We left him no tip. My mom finally flagged over a girl and she was so so nice she apologized a lot and brought us our drinks right away after we told her what we had ordered. The guy server before her never even came back to us to say sorry and we didn't see him for the rest of the night. Even when we were waiting for food the new girl server told us it was super busy and we wouldn't have to wait much longer which I liked a lot. The food was horrible. I got The Las Vegas Roll and is was so gross. The fried part on the outside was super cold and so was the fish on the inside like it had been sitting out for a long period of time. I did feel sick after eating it and i'm surprised I didn't puke. I couldn't even finish all of it. This place is more a bar scene, very loud, horrible service, and definitely not for families especially if you have little kids. Definitely will not be coming back here.
3	This place has great food, but they have ruined the atmosphere.  There used to be a beautiful fish tank in the middle of the restaurant.  Now it is just a wide open bar that has no ambiance.  Too noisy for conversation.
5	I went to Kona Grill on a Thursday night. The service was impeccable and the food was phenomenal.  The first table at which we were seated was right in front of a side door that let in the glaring sun directly into our eyes.  The hostess noticed this right away and moved us to another table immediately.  Our server was friendly and helpful.  I was trying to figure out which sushi roll I loved that I ordered three years ago, so I was describing it to the server.  She took the time to help me figure out a sushi roll that I ended up loving.  I ordered the Atlantic roll, which met all of my requirements in a very tasty way.  It had baked salmon, spicy aioli, cucumbers, tempura flakes, and eel sauce.  It was well worth the $7, and I will be a repeat customer just because of the Atlantic rolls alone.  For my meal, I ordered the Basil Pesto Chicken Linguini, which is extremely delicious.  My dad copied my order and was well pleased.  My stepmom is a vegetarian and ordered a flat bread with roasted vegetables.  The pizza-like dish was large enough for two to share and had asparagus, mushrooms, red bell peppers, and opinions on it.  We all ordered wine that nicely complimented our meals.  Since I was there for my birthday, I was given a super tasty red velvet cupcake with a buttercream icing and fruit garnish.  Although I don't have much of a sweet tooth, it was gone in about 17 seconds flat.  I will return to this Kona Grill again and recommend it to others because of the excellent service and amazing food.
4	GREAT Happy Hour and very friendly staff! Sushi was very tasty!
3	the food was incredible, we got sliders, avocado egg rolls, and macadamia nut chicken. however the service was borderline rude. we felt criticized for not splurging on alcoholic drinks at lunch... the waitress seemed new but that is no excuse to be rude! i would only get takeout here in the future.
4	Almost five stars! The sushi special not good!! It's not fresh and very simple taste... Everything else delish :)
5	This place has been a favorite for a while - wonderful food and drinks for girls night happy hours and such.  My husband and I chose to throw our post-elopement dinner here and it was an incredibly positive experience!!First of all, the back patio is beautiful! It's got an extra bar, tons of room, fire pits..  Our party was on a Saturday night, so they had a wonderful acoustic guitarist playing softer versions of pop songs. It added to an already lovely ambiance.The food was delicious!!  Everyone really seemed to enjoy it, and the choices varied wildly.  My husband's and my sushi was melt-in-your mouth delicious, and they even gave us a complimentary slice of key lime pie in honor of our celebration!  Our large party of about 20 people didn't phase them a bit.  I talked to the manager beforehand and had the whole thing scheduled in minutes, plus he was gracious when I called multiple times with questions.  The servers were super nice and very attentive - no one ever had to wait for anything.  They split the check in weird ways with no issues.All of the guests had a wonderful time, and so did we!  We were only sorry they closed the patio at 10:30. I'd definitely recommend this location for large parties, intimate dinners and everything in between.
5	Great Happy Hour specials. I love the frozen margaritas. They were perfect and their sushi was delish!
4	Love this place!!!     Chicken satay appetizer, Pan-Asian noodles and the kids mac and cheese was GREAT!  Atmosphere was good on a Tuesday night.  The dessert portions are huge. Hibiscus iced tea was awesome also.  Will definitely come back just for the Coconut shrimp roll.
5	Had lunch today after kids' dental appointment across the street. The service was great - server was friendly, the hostess was kind to ask us if we needed more refills for the drinks. One of the managers was super kind and gave my kids some wet pipes that they use for sushi bar (pour some warm water over the paper hand wipes).My kids enjoyed their kids lunch menu - mac & cheese and flat bread, they were tasty and I had yummy sushi & roll lunch. Overall, we had a great lunch experience there. Will go back there again!
4	Pretty good happy hour! Didn't try the sushi but had a delicious martini and loved our large saki bombers!!!
4	After moving to the North Phoenix area, the Kona Grill has quickly become one of our favorite places to go for a quick snack and/or dinner.  Great assortment of food choices and drinks.  We've only tried the sushi items so far and they are above average overall if not just a tad pricey but more-or-less in line for type of restaurant.  Service has been good so far and the back outside bar area is quite relaxing to hangout and night with out being overwhelmed by crowds
1	If I could give this place less than one star, I would. My family and I had the WORST experience ever in this restaurant. My friends and I frequent the Kona at Scottsdale Fashion Square and we love them! So when we were looking for dinner by our house my dad suggested we go to this Kona, I jumped at the opportunity. BIG MISTAKE. We walked into the restaurant and after a few minutes were greeted by a hostess. She said it would only be about 10 minutes, which was fine with us, so we waited. About 10 minutes later I looked around and there were several open tables, I figured the servers just needed a moment to catch up, so we continued to wait. However, 20 minutes after we were still waiting... The hostess said she would bus the table and we would be seated shortly. She started busing the table then left to talk to a gentleman, who I am assuming was the manager. After talking to him, she finished busing the table. Looking around the front room; I could see at least 5 open tables. However, we were still not taken to the table she had just finished cleaning off. After waiting for over 30 minutes she finally took us to our table, where the hostess took our drink order saying our server would be right with us. The server stopped by about 5 minutes later to say she would be right with us. Where we waited for 10 additional minutes for someone to take our order. Needless to say, after spending almost an hour being ignored and not given service we decided they did not want, not did they deserve, our business. We left $5 on the table to cover the soft drinks ordered and left. The absolute lack of organization and customer service at this location is appalling, and management needs to seriously reevaluate their practices. We will never be back.
4	This location is never packed during happy hour, big TVs and patio area. Staff don't bug you!! Great part. Happy hour is reasonably priced and a decent selection.
5	Our server Tana was great even down to making sure my wife's tea was correct and my BBQ sauce was heated I love Kona Grill this is a nice location and the lay out was well thought out
4	Well. We were convinced to go back and give this place another try, and we were happy that we did. It looks as of they are under new management in the past few months and the service is back to to par as well as the food. Glad it's back up and rocking again!
4	Go for the Happy Hour menu every time!!!
1	Very bad service and management., they are very bad food was ok but service was really mean I like the Scottsdale,AZ better
5	We just returned from a great meal at Kona Grill. The macadamia nut chicken and teriyaki ribeye were perfect.  From the moment we walked in the door we had outstanding service from Trevor and Bud.  We could not have asked for a better experience. Thanks for a great evening.  We will definitely be back!
2	I have been here many times, howevery most recent visit was not good. Took a half hour to get a beer, and only one happy hour order in an hour... They were so slow. The waiter was nice, but definitely a rookie, there were multiple managers and servers on staff, we were the only table of about 15 do you think they would help the rookie? Not here. Great food, terrible service. Manager offered nothing to compensate. Very disappointed!
1	Service was horrible- took 10 minutes to take our order. Asked for additional dressing for salad and another drink and that took an extra ten minutes because the server told me they had to get it way in the back? Not the type of service you'd expect when spending that much. Go elsewhere!
5	Great food, friendly staff, and fun atmosphere.
3	Food was great but as others have said the service is super slow...do managers even read all these negative reviews about their lack of prompt service?  This was out on the patio Sunday night so maybe the fact it was happy hour meant just take it easy for staff.  Expect at least 10-15 minutes to get a refill and 45 minutes to get food.
3	Kona Grill offers up some decent sushi and an awesome happy hour that goes pretty late.  There's a good selection of cheap rolls, apps, and flat breads.  The only problem is that the service suddenly slows down near the end.  Somewhere around 6:30 (a half-hour before happy hour ends) the food takes longer and longer to come out and the servers are harder and harder to track down.
4	Well we are new to the area and had always enjoyed the Happy Hour at the Chandler Mall location, so we thought we would give this one a try with some friends.....   It was crowded as it was a beautiful night and we sat on the patio. Our waiter could be a double for Orlando Bloom as Will Turner in Pirates of the Caribbean. In any case, the four of us ordered some drinks which came out quickly and then some HH appetizers. Well, someone dropped the ball and there was NO Food for about an hour (we were not impatient as we were catching up with some friends). But to our waiters credit, when he realized the time delay, he spoke to his manager who comped the food (which the waiters recommendations were great!!) SO bottom line, their actions to remedy a bad situation will make us stop by again to see if it was a fluke (as we suspect as our friends had been to this location with no issues).   We are rooting for them to be good!!
1	DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANT HORRIBLE SERVICE, SALMONELLA, and perhaps A SIDE OF OLD REUSED FOOD.Intro:Coming here for lunchtime, we were greeted warmly.  That ends the only pleasant experience I had here thus far.  From the get-go, the server had an air of indifference around her, as if she didn't care about her job.  The way she treated myself and those in my party was as if we were the last people on her shift, and whatever needs may come before her would befell deaf ears.  When asked about certain menu items, the server was not clear in describing what was in each one.  Not only that, the food and drinks took forever to come.  We'll get to that later.Service:-lack of service-server was disinterested in her job and showed it through her lackadaisical and indifferent demeanor-Slow in delivery of food and drinks-Never came to refill, and only when we sat for 40 min and raised our hands for the check did she come by to ask "what else would you like". As if she ever cared.Food:-flat and tasteless soft drinks.  I even switched to ice tea, which was served warm and reused.-sushi: small and completely overpriced.  Not only did I feel ripped off, because the portions were barely enough to feed a preteen female, but the actual meal consited of 6 tiny california rolls each measuring 0.75 inches in diameter.  I myself weigh 130 lbs and am 5'10".  That's saying quite a lot.-messed up our order.  A person in my party requested 2 rolls of spicy tuna.  She came back with 1 roll of spicy tuna and 1 roll of california roll.-When asked what she would do with the california roll, the server stated, quote on quote, "we reuse the sushi".  I reported this to the Arizona Department of Health Services afterwards.Conclusion:-Will not come back here again.-Highly DO NOT recommend coming here.
3	We went for the Happy Hour (4 adults and one child). The seating for the Happy Hour is limited to a certain area I the restaurant. We requested a booth, but were told that that the open booths were not available because they were reserved. When we called  earlier in the day to make a reservation for the Happy Hour we were told  that we could not make a reservation. There seems to be a disconnect. The value of the Happy Hour items was good, food and service were good.
3	We met up with some old friend to catch up for appetizers and spirits.  I love the location and atmosphere of the restaurant.  It is open and a surprising nice view when looking outside the bar.  We went before Cinco De Mayo and saw a group of people riding their bike cruisers to another restaurant.  As they rung their bells and made noise, it definitely enhanced the cool factor as we sat down.We ordered some sushi and dip.  The food was ok, but nothing to go crazy about.  Definitely something I did not remember.  Therefore, this review is short.  I give this place a cool factor for the ambience and environment.  However, the food is not the best.  I would be back to hang out again, but not for a sit down dinner for the wifey.  There are definitely better sushi places around in Phoenix.
3	This is a pretty solid spot for lunch and for happy hour. The prices otherwise are a little high and their sushi isnt that good. That being said, its a good spot to take a group and just wind down after work.
5	Kona at City North is one of my favorite spots. The happy hour is amazing... especially the all day happy hour on Sundays. The wave roll and bama rolls are amazing and only 6 bucks! Great potstickers too. Nice patio, cool vibe. Love it!
3	Good food and good atmosphere! They have a menu with a lot of options and are kid friendly for the most part l. It's perfect for the area around desert ridge and it's nice to just grab a drink as well.
1	I made a reservation at the Kona at City North on a Sun. night for a party of 8 to celebrate 3 birthdays and an anniversary.  When I booked the reservation, we all decided that Sun. would be great because they offer happy hour all day so we could enjoy the HH menu for our appetizers before dinner.  I confirmed with the girl who took our reservation that we would be doing HH & having dinner.  She asked where we would like to sit & I told her the dining room since there was 8 of us, 2 of which were kids.  AT THAT POINT, THE PERSON TAKING MY RESERVATION SHOULD HAVE TOLD US THAT WE CANNOT ENJOY THE  HH MENU IN THE DINING AREA....THAT WE WOULD NEED TO BE SEATED IN THE BAR IF WE WANTED ANYTHING FROM THE HH MENU!!!Well....that was not the case.  Once we arrived & were seated in the dining room, when I asked to see the HH menu to order our apps, the waiter informed us that we weren't allowed to enjoy any HH menu items in the dining room.  If we wanted to we could be moved into the bar area which was literally 15 feet away from where we were already seated.  Our waiter, Colin, was very nice & apologetic about the issue.  Eventually, the manager on duty came over & said there was "nothing else he can do about this issue".....meaning we would have to get up & move our entire party with the 2 kids into the bar area that was only 15 feet away from the table we were currently at.We ended up staying at our table in the dining room but told the manager how ridiculous that HH menu rule is, especially when we were literally the ONLY people sitting in the empty dining room the ENTIRE 2 hours we were there.  Our food was ok at best.....took forever to get one of the flatbread pizzas for my boys.  At least our waiter was very nice & apologized again for the HH menu debacle.  We told him it was not his fault & that the manager (Trevor) should have made an exception this one time due to the miscommunication of how our reservation was booked.Moral of this review.....if a restaurant manager is not willing to do the right thing for that situation, get up & leave!!!!!
2	Checked out the Kona at High Street in City North..  Saturday night, last minute decision.  Very noisy, polite waiter but very forgetful and inattentive. If you aren't amongst the prettier variety, you may experience slouchy service... Sushi was just ok. I've had better at the Whole Foods and even better at Sakana on Indian Bend.. Sushi was bland, not the most flavorful. Small side note, three plates of sushi arrived with two small slices of Ginger and a dollop of wasabi.. Ugh!  Also had the Chili Lime Salad.. Ok, actually preferred it to the  sushi but the shrimp was really tough so it was a toss up.  Can't comment on dessert took more than an half an hour to arrive, had to take it to go which immediately makes it less appealing I'd say try someplace else. Pleasant walk around the shopping area.
3	I really like this place for happy hour drinks and appetizers, they have a nice outside bar area and friendly staff.
4	Great happy hour! Went in there Sunday night and sat at the bar, bartenders name was Glenn. The bar was full and the restaurant was about half full. Ordered a chambord frozen marg and some appetizers. Food came out quick and everything tasted good. Bartender was very attentive and made sure everything was up to standard at all times. Definitely recommend!
5	Kona is great.  Nice patio with misters.  The service is always great.  The crispy shrimp roll is amazing.  The pot stickers, and the ribeye steak.  Come to think of it... Pretty much their entire menu is delicious.  It's not too expensive either.  Great cost.  High street location is a great spot. Don't forget the butter cake for dessert! You won't be sorry.
4	I love this place! The servers are nice and suggestive and the food is great! They have a nice menu with lots of choices! I wish they had a location in San Diego because my wife and I would frequent there!
2	Would not go back.  Terrible service and the food was mediocre.  Too bad because the location and atmosphere are really cool and the desert ridge area could use more cool places like this.  There are other much stronger options in city north to choose.
1	We were regulars here for years and thought highly of this Kona Grill but since we stopped going there, many things come to mind that we should have questioned.   We should have seen all the flaws but the bar was fun.  There were two guys that we saw on Wed. nights that made us laugh and bought us drinks just to be nice.  When they were there, service was always better.Let's get started with the review........The property is always in need of repairs and updating.  One of the screens on the popular patio came down and was replaced with a cheap bamboo roll up shade you can find in Big Lots.  We were at the bar one night when a paddle fan came down and hit a customer.  Most of the tables rock which causes some embarrassing moments.  My friends and I were at one of the bar high tops that tipped and several of the drinks fell over. Enough about the poor maintenance, now let's discuss the food.  Kona Grill specializes in Island type fare including Sushi.  Most of the food is prepared off premise and heated per order, except for certain proteins. There are several things I would never order here including the pastas which have way too much salt and garlic.  The pasta is fresh cooked but the sauces come in a bag.  The flat breads are awful and should  not even be on the menu. The seafood ranges from fair to awful, except the Salmon dishes. They are pretty tasty and cooked well.  We tried their version of sea bass only to be disappointed by a bad fishy odor.  How this was let out of the kitchen proves managers are not cooks. There are steaks, and chops that are either well prepared or dry and overcooked.  The meatloaf was a pretty steady performer as was the burger.  The only problem is staff's inability to produce anything cooked to temperature. Order a rare steak and it comes medium, medium comes well,  I stopped ordering food cooked to temperature.  This is not a place for good cuisine.  It is just another chain with managers running from one crisis to the next.  By the way, don't expect any great wines here.  As is the rest of the place, corporate management shoots for mediocrity. Let's talk of the appetizers. Chicken Satay, is the best.  The Calamari again can be poorly cooked or smelly.  When calamari is like bubble gum, it is too old to prepare.  When prepared well, it is tasty with a great dipping sauce.  The pot stickers were always bland and tasteless.  The most popular items on appetizer and main menu are the sushi items.  I tried several of them and they were....ok.  Even when a new item is introduced, it is spectacular for the first week or two, then goes downhill like everything else.  The next thing service, both at the bar and at tables.  The bar, at night, seemed better when Dustin, the bar manager was on duty and when he is not there, the energy is not the same.  When he wasn't on duty, we generally left and went somewhere else.  On the tables, there are a few servers that stood out but all in all, the service was slow unless we were talking to a manager.  In the dining area, the service was mediocre because the food runners dropped off food without checking the order.  When the wait staff is not involved in total control of the table, they are not engaged.  This is true of all "team" restaurants that do this.  All in all, service is mediocre and some of the staff should never be involved in the restaurant business.  Lastly, the management needs to learn that not all they do is report to corporate and they need to be engaged on the floor.  There are too many assistants walking around and no one to run the place.  The latest pseudo-manager hid too much and only got involved in serious crises.  He also spreads stories about everyone without basis in fact.  He is the primary reason we stopped going there.  He constantly blames his shortcomings on everyone else and does not belong to be a manager.  With Toby Keith's moving in next door, Kona management better spend some money on fixing the place up and replacing a lot of staff including the mundane management.
4	Took a large group here at the last second for dinner. Staff were pleasant and helpful. The waitress was a little slow to get the drink orders and even slower to get them out but once she got into the groove - things improved. Everyone seemed satisfied with their choices. I had the yellow tail sushmi - awesome!  I first tried this dish at Nobu in Las Vegas and this one was comparable (at a fraction of the price). We ordered seconds!I also had the meatloaf. I have to admit - the best meatloaf I have ever tried!Great job for a chain restaurant.
3	Decent food, definitely worth it during daily happy hours! Good sushi and apps; they come out fast!
5	Sat in open seating bar and had the at server ever. Even offered someone in our party a vegan menu. Very welcoming and good pricing and amazing sushi!
4	This place is good! Yum :) i highly recommend it and their las vegas roll is to die for!
2	I'm writing this as I sit at the bar . We have come here several times and never experienced  the Wrath that is angry girl bartender Sonia. She's a red head, in her 20's and does indeed have teeth.... surprisingly enough when she smiles at the customers she actually chooses to like.Not sure what the beef is today except that we moved from a high top table to the bar within 10 minutes of our visit. We came here to pig out and watch the game,( Go Cards) but after we moved to the bar we were ignored! What's the deal.... .? I'm a former waitress, bartender, worked in the industry for more years than I can count and as far as I'm aware servers tip out the bar. So Sonia what is the deal?, why are we ignored, disregarded, shot evil girl looks in our direction, left with empty water, dirty plates, etc.... You're behaving in a non professional way and as though we did something personal we're not aware of. Did we steal your first boyfriend? WhAt is the deal?We had to speak to the manager, Peter who addressed our concerns whole heartedly and remedied the situation and addressed our concerns.So in summation: Sonia needs a hug. We like to pig out and watch football. We leave 20% when we receive service. Peter the manager is nice. the food at Kona is good. There's no "I" in team... Sonia I'm talking to you!The End.
2	Bad, just bad! Slow service, calamari was frozen, my girlfriend had the chicken bruschetta an the chicken was so rubbery she couldn't eat it, an came with ore Ida sweet potato fries fresh from the walk in freezer. I had the pork tenderloin an it's covered in cheap ass onion strings, it came with mashed potatoes covered in wilted bok choy lettuce that was made two days prior to me ordering it, pork was undercooked an drowning in some sorta gravy. I can't believe a line cook could send food out like this. We wanted to send it back but our waitress didn't check on us till 20mins after we got our food, an we had a movie to catch. Meal ended up costing $50 an we always tip 20% so $60 bucks for a below average meal. The 2 stars is for location an the look of the place. We won't be back.
2	Have always loved Kona but really had a bad experience. Rude waitress and dirty glasses and silverware.  Waitress spilled a drink and didn't even apologize.
5	This place has the best sushi I have ever tasted.  The happy hour prices are amazing.  Try the Bama roll and you won't be disappointed.
3	good food. consistently slow and lousy service.  I had forgotten that it was nearly exactly a year since I'd been here,  and had the exact same experience (and my companions remembered too).  Very attentive manager,  but indifferent servers ... unbelievably slow.   It took an hour and a half since we arrived to go from order to meal.   Twice I had to get up and ask the manager about the status (oh and we ordered sushi, which doesn't need to be cooked!). Food was very good though.  So if you want great food without caring about the wait,  or attitude of the staff then Kona Grill is the place for you!
2	Four of us went for dinner.  Expectations were high after reading Yelp.  Note to file: read ALL the current reviews.  Arrived about 8:30; 25% of seats occupied.  Service extremely slow for drinks, & dinner.  Can't imagine what it would be like with more customers in house.  Food OK at best.  Food delivered; had to ask for setup.  Food warm, not hot.  Had to ask twice to get side dishes.  Half way through our meal, 3-4 members of wait staff sat down @ next table to eat while talking loudly to the point where I asked them to "keep it down".  We won't go back.  Too many other options in the area with excellent food and service.
3	The food didn't knock me off my feet. The service was great and atmosphere was enjoyable, but for the price I think there are better options.
4	We have come here for mom's night out a few times and they did a fantastic job for our Parenting Group's holiday party.  The food is solid, I liked their sushi rolls.  My husband likes their flatbreads.  The salads were very good.  For our holiday party, we had the back patio all to ourselves.  It was really nice to have that area to enjoy with our friends and be able to mingle and have our white elephant gift exchange.  It was our most successful party yet.
2	It was OK, I think it was a little over priced and service was slow.  It also didn't help that there was a crying baby on the patio THE ENTIRE TIME I was there and the kid's fat rude parents would not do anything (literally not even a cuddle) to stop him despite our extra glances with pleading eyes.  So I had to cringe and burn inside while paying a large bill for food I was not wowed by and it took too long.  My friends really like this place so maybe my experience is off- tainted-- and I will go again.  If it gets better, I'll update this review.
