4	I was tired of all my usual delivery haunts (can they be haunts if you're never physically there?) so I tried Chubby's. Unfortunately named, but they've got seriously low prices, and I was feeling broke, so why not? I got two whole hoagies for $9.50, plus a $1 fuel surcharge -- not bad.Oh, the food? It's pretty good. Better, to me, than Bomonti or R&B (which lately has had a weird bitter flavor in their food... hmm); not as good as Mandy's. Still: CHEAP! Also, they delivered pretty quickly. I'll definitely keep them in my rotation.
3	Not a bad choice for a neighborhood pizza place. We live about 1 1/2 miles from here and they won't deliver up Brighton Road, which is kind of an annoyance. The pizza is decent, and I like their sauce. The garlic bread and breadsticks aren't too shabby. The prices are certainly reasonable. Admittedly, I've never tried the subs. And most nights when you call they put you on hold right away because there is only one person answering the phone, and that person seems to be busy cooking as well. But the pizza is leaps and bounds better than Mandy's, which is downright terrible. Not a bad little local pizza spot overall.
4	been ordering chubbys for over ten years.  solid pizza at a great price.  one time, steve offered to deliver a pizza over an hour after they closed on xmas eve just because.  doesnt get any better than that.
3	Them bums dont pay there federal state or local wage taxes. It is a shame that a driver was murdered and another shot doing a ghetto delivery. Fried mushrooms and shrimp basket great. Pizza not so great.
1	Ordered a lg pizza for pick up, 30-40 min wait. Went to pick up my pizza and I arrived to have no pizza at all. They told a driver must have taken by accident. The skinny, is it took an hour for a new pizza, and they offered me nothing
5	I am so glad we decided to try this random place because of a crazy cheap coupon we had. Both people I spoke to on the phone were polite, patient, and friendly. The order came on time, it was delicious, and it was an awesome deal. For the price, you honestly can't beat it.
1	Terrible. I lived about 2 blocks away - and with no other options - I still can't bring myself to order from here. Ordered twice in the last 90 days and both times it was terrible. Ended up waiting over an hour each time. First time I got home to find a totally different order; the send time waited over 1.5 hrs for a pizza. Both were crappy, at best. Staff was really rude both times.
2	We just moved in a couple blocks away and thought we'd try them out. Their prices are great but, seriously, worst customer service I've ever seen. I walked in and the guy had to finish his cell phone game before helping me. I get home and realize we were given the wrong pizza. When I called to see if they had our correct one the guy tells me that's what we ordered. I assured him we didn't, I was there when my girlfriend called the order in. He just said "sorry man" and didn't offer any solutions. So we just picked off the garbage toppings that we didn't order and threw most of it away. It would've taken very little effort to fix it for us. All this after it took them an hour to make the thing. I'd go back if I were desperate but it's seriously amateur hour.
2	Too much cheese on their pizzas, and the customer service is incredibly poor.  This is nothing new, we have been in Brighton Heights for many years.  My husband LOVES their buffalo chicken pizza, but after his last experience waiting over an hour for pick up, we would only order from Chubby's if every other local pizza joint was closed.
