5	Every bite of Lombardo's Gelato fills me with the kind of satisfaction one gets from listening to an amazing artist before they hit the big time. I've been treating myself to it for years, at whatever mall they pop up in, and it's better than more popular, hip places like The Gelato Spot. My favorite is the cantaloupe. Just BURSTING with flavor, with an amazing texture. None of that artificial crap. I'm thoroughly convinced that they'll some day set up shop in a more...affluent establishment, then the Yelp community will discover how amazing it is; boosting their popularity among people who can appreciate a relatively rare frozen confection.Put some of this gelato in front of me, and I'm gonna get a brain freeze. It's so good I can't restrain myself!
5	The $2 kids cone is a steal for fresh made Gelato. Some cheaper ice creams have that "light" feel to them. These delicious concoctions are fresh made daily and are filling. The prices are higher , but you're getting quality. A great afternoon treat. I will be coming back soon.
5	Any time I find myself @ this mall, I HAVE 2 stop here (just a hop~skip~jump around the corner from the food court) & sample whatever new flavors sound appealing, (most of them) which always results in a cup of 2-3 different kinds in a cup or waffle cup if I spontaneously really wanna splurge. Plus it's healthier than regular ice~cream w/o the funky after~taste that's rampantly found in other frozen treat places that use artificial additives/sweeteners.    Some staple flavors r different vari8ions of chocol8 (dark & white), cheesecake, coconut, different pie flavors & mousse types + there r always good selections available 4 Veg~heads 2 (this time there was pineapple, mango, cantaloupe, lemon, key~lime, a mixed berry kind (blackberry, raspberry, strawberry) even a Patron kind which I didn't try but many were sampling. Some, a li'l 2 eagerly I might add ~ may need 2 b carding! (hee~hee)   Every time, no matter what I finally decide on, I savor the Fantastic velvety goodness & try 2 make it last as long as possible, wishing there was more by the time I reach scraping the bottom (or eating the bowl itself, the waffle 1 of course)! The only thing I might change would b their super~tiny spoons (same 1s when given samples) but maybe it's supposed 2 b that way 4 gelato (it does prevent wolfing it down 2 fast).   Always happy 2 c this place still open/oper8ional & appears busy whenever I go, but never have 2 w8 long. I also appreci8ed the Amazingly assertive, friendly & helpful multi~tasking sampler/server guy's knowledge of anti~oxidants which gave me a good laugh & told him he knew his stuff. This place is just as good as the elabor8ly presented 1s found on Scottsdale Rd, so def worth a try in my book (& ALWAYS Yummy in ur palate & tummy)!
5	This review is written by my 10 year old niece.When we passed the gelato shop with the workers giving samples we got some because I am always in the mood for ice cream/gelato.  When I tasted the strawberry and white chocolate I just jumped; it was just DELICIOUS!!!  And the worker there even gave me all the samples I wanted!  It filled me with JOY!!!  Bebe one of the workers was so so so so so so so so NICE!  I think they should have name tags so we could know their names.  When we got the medium that included 2 flavors, Bebe gave us 3 flavors!!! I love the flavors chocolate banana, strawberry and white chocolate, and chocolate chip.  My aunt told Bebe she makes kids happy and boy she does!!!  Even when we all had to leave the ice cream place, Bebe even came out of the shop and gave me a friendly hug!  This was the best ice cream/gelato shop I've ever been to!!!  My aunt even plans to go back in a couple of days and I would LOVE that!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!7/16 Update:Wanted to comment that the entire staff is very helpful and friendly here.  A shout out to D'Andre for the fantastic service last Wednesday.
