3	I think I liked this place better when it was a grocery store. At least there was a Starbucks inside. The layout is much the same as many thrift stores. I wasn't looking for anything specific, so I just browsed around a bit. They did seem to have some decent prices on clothes and furniture. I didn't price the refrigerators, but that seemed to be what they had the most of. The Mrs. found a nice set of glass storage bowls for twenty-five bucks. The cashier was pleasant and friendly. I will be back, as you never know what kind of hidden treasure you might find. Put on your Sunday best kids, we're going to Sears.
4	The Sears Outlet has a mix of items they carry in the store from clothing and accessories to housewares and large appliances. The vibe has a Savers/Big Lots type feel, but the items are usually new. Some items may be "reconditioned" as there are open box/floor displays, etc so they may have several pieces of the same item with one being cheaper than the others.I didn't really bother to browse the clothing area at all so I can't comment on it. If you're looking for a refrigerator, a stove, or a washer and dryer there is a wide variety of those appliances on the floor. Some of the prices on items were indeed good as I looked after the fact at some models online to compare and it was a few $500-900 cheaper on some of the models I liked of Kenmore Elite french doors. If you have a Sears card, you can use it to do no interest for I believe 22 months and they deliver for $70, I believe.We will probably be back to upgrade the kitchen sometime. I think it's worth a stop if you bought a new house or upgrading. Plus there's a Ace next and some pretty good falafel next door.
1	Do not waste your time here. These are unprofessional  people who do nothing other than misrepresent and lie to customers. Have in attempting twice to make major purchases within the past year have done nothing more than waste my time. They run separate from Sears and should be shut down along with the 500 mainline stores that Sears will be closing.No one gives a hoot about the customer.
1	BUYER BEWARE. This store does not honor the return/ exchange agreement, printed on receipts and their website. I purchased an item online, which a friend picked up for me in California because there were none local. The item turned out to be defective, but no biggie because I had my receipt and was within the 30 days for returns. I took it to this store and was told that I must return it 220 miles from home to the Sears Outlet where it was purchased. Policy states: You can return your item to the Sears Outlet Stores. I called customer service four times and it sounds like it will be resolved thru the Henderson store. It's never worth this hassle and they will never see me again.And by the way Sears Outlet, I'm pretty sure this is ILLEGAL!
4	We bought a "dent & scratch" refrigerator for almost 60% off retail!   The one little dent on the stainless steel counter depth appliance will absolutely be covered up when I put all my magnets on it!   This is a prime appliance and we are very pleased.Michael, our associate, was so patient and gave us plenty of extra information about appliances that helped us in our decision.We also bought a NEW gas range with convection oven and warming drawer for 45% off!!We will be returning to the store to find the over the range microwave.  They get new deliveries twice a week. Check it out and ask for Michael.  He will tell you straight what is a deal and what to stay clear of.
5	Bought my dishwasher here for cheap. It was a scratch and dent I installed myself. They loaded it into my car for me. Nice staff with a good selection of home appliances. Unlike regular Sears you can take whatever you buy home with you that day. No waiting for stuff from the warehouse.
