5	Love this pizza! Great NY style. I'm from Boston so I don't enjoy the NY team stuff every where but that's a sacrifice in willing to take for this Pizza.
5	Two slices of cheese and medium soda for 4.28 including tax. Can't be beat! Delish!Lunch special.2 slices and free medium soda for 4.28. This place is so yummy.
5	Love this place love this place love this place!!This is my favorite AZ pizza place as close to NY as I've found here.  We eat here couple times a month and their pizza is fantastic and affordable!!  Staff is extremely pleasant as well!
4	Rays a locally owned family operated place that has been there since I can remember. I however am not a huge fan of this style pizza. That being said I still gave a 4 star review. Ordered a large pie with pep and a order of wings. The pie was hand made fresh as can be, with a ton of cheese and pep. The wings were large and meaty with a great flavor. They came with a free 2 liter.. who doesn't love free. The pizza was good, the crust was great. I wish the sauce had a flavor other then a hint of tomato, but that is my issue with Ny Pizza. Again the crust was great. I wish they had better ranch IE not Buttermilk. I had the left overs just last night and it was still pretty good.
5	We have ordered sandwiches from this place before , and they were real good. Tonite ordered a large Italian sausage and thin sliced meatball pizza on a thin crust. That was the BEST f----n pizza Ive ever eaten, period.
5	Been going to Rays for years. Great pizza, subs, calzones and wings.Only thing I do not like is they do not deliver.
1	I think this was one of my worst experiences in an eatery so far. I went to Ray's pizza after reading the reviews on this website. I was planning on having a pizza party and wanted to impress everybody. I went there a few days before to sample the pizza beforehand, and I am glad I did it.  Once you get there, there are multiple boards and handwritten signs where prices are displayed making it very confusing for the customers. We couldn't figure out what we wanted and how much was going to cost us. The bitter old lady at the counter did not even greet us, and gave us attitude. She finally showed us a printed menu, which had updated handwritten prices all over it. I kept saying to myself, they make very good pizza so anything we order is going to be fantastic. We decided on veggie pizza and white pizza, and then she said they don't sell white pizza by the slice and I changed it to mushrooms and ham. The printed menu said a slice of pizza was $2.50 but our total was going to be over $8.00. So we said, "Wait a minute". Then she explained that the base is a slice of cheese pizza that they charge $2.50 for, and then any extra toppings are $0.50 each. I looked at the menu and showed her: "pizza slice" is $2.50 , not "cheese pizza slice". And she didn't care. We both ordered a slice of pizza with a couple of toppings each, and we waited patiently at the table. Anyone who has children knows how difficult it is to control little ones in a restaurant. My 18 months son started to play with the salt & pepper shaker and napkins holder, and I was glad he was at least sitting at the table, and I did not have to run around after him. Well, surprise, surprise!! The bitter old lady came to our table and grabbed the shakers and the napkins holder from him and moved them on a different one. How rude is that? I mean, have you ever seen such bad customer service anywhere? Just plain rude! Later we got called at the counter to get our pizzas. The slices were very big, and they were placed on two single-use foam plates. My pizza looked like a pile of ham and mushrooms, on a top of a cheese pizza. They literally stick to the menu; you could see the base, tomatoes and then the grilled cheese under the toppings. Ham slices were covering the cheese pizza, on top of the ham there were huge slices of canned mushrooms, and not a bit of cheese on top of it. My pizza base was a little warm; the toppings were almost cold, without any sign that they were placed in the oven. My husband had a Mediterranean (or veggie) slice and it was just a pile of raw vegetables, with a sprinkle of cheese. I mean, they were all raw: onions, peppers, olives, tomatoes. I tasted it and the veggie one tasted better than my pizza. I could not finish mine because it did not taste like pizza at all, and the taste of cheap ham and canned mushrooms was just horrible. We left the place very disappointed by the customer service and especially by the food. I am glad we sampled before embarrassing me at a pizza party. Don't go to Ray's Pizza because they overcharge and whatever they serve is not called pizza. Bad food and bad customer service doesn't have room in the restaurant business.
3	I thought the pizza was a little too oily. It wasn't bad though.
2	Terrible pizza! We ordered the monster pizza and it was literally a preheated pepperoni and cheese with all of the works added afterward and reheated. Very disappointed!!!!!
1	Talk about horrible customer service. Their pizza was horrible and drenched in grease. It took 10 paper towels to get some off it off. They have horrible attitudes  towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food. I've worked in 5 star restaurants and would've gotten fired on the spot if I treated a customer like they treated me.  Beware! This place is the worst place I've ever been too. I would take Peter Piper Pizza over this crap.
1	Piss-poor service!! Food used to be really good. But it has home down hill since. I have been a customer for over 20 years and my last visit will be my LAST!! Ordered an antipasti salad for myself. To share with my two toddlers. And two slices of cheese pizza. It was hot plate leftover pizza.. I expected that. It's by the slice so you get 2-3 hour old stuff. But there was no excuse for the moldy mildewed lettuce and freezer burnt meat in the antipasti salad. I sent it back and showed the lady at the counter the mold. She got huffy and it took 20 plus minutes for a new salad.. This one had freezer burnt meat and that lettuce was soaking wet like they washed it a lot. By the way tha first salad was prepared in the front by the pizza toppings. The second salad was prepared in the back.. Out of all the years I have eaten there all the salads are prepared out front. I threw the salad away and left. NO WAY IM GOING GO FEED THIS GARBAGE TO MY CHILDREN..
4	My wife, our grandson Michael, our friend Kathy R. and I went here lunch a while ago and I forgot to submit a review so this is long overdue. I'm from Rhode Island-born and raised--and have had pizzas from authentic Italian mom and pop pizza joints so admittedly, I am hard to please when it comes to Italian food. This pizza is good: perfectly greasy, cheesy, chewy,  gorgeous, flavorful and is always piping hot, very fresh, and the cheese and sauce are excellent quality. While Ray's isn't the best pizza I ever had it was to my likings. I do appreciate a good pizza. Some people may think  "pizza is pizza," but you'd be wrong. It is hard to find a real good pizza in Arizona especially because I was raised back east and have had some great pizza.One of the more expensive pizza restaurants in town. In addition they don't have delivery.  It's good pizza! But not mind-blowing. The crust is actually super fantastic.FOOD:  It wasn't the best pizza I have ever had in Arizona but it's right up there in the mix. The pizza was a typical New York style pizza, nothing special although the pizza is always piping hot, very fresh, and the cheese and sauce are excellent quality. CONCLUSION: I didn't think it was anything special as far as taste / flavor goes. The ingredients of the pizza tasted fresh and I believe it was of high quality. Good pizza, but not as good as some. Their pizza is between OK and I'm-a-fan- RETURN FACTOR: 100%]************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT
4	SOOOOOO miss our Ray's Pizza.  Ray's Pizza don't you want to open up a pizza place in Oregon?  You will make a killing here!  http://www.salvagesisterandmister.com/pizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzza/
3	I dropped in for lunch today.  I ordered a small salad and 12 wings which were both good.  The wings were good, hot, and cooked perfectly---I just wish they offered 6 wings instead of 12.  My salad looked fresh (sliced tomato, sliced white onion, green and black olives) but they did not have blue cheese dressing AT ALL.  I did not have the pizza---the reviews about the grease was disturbing and I know I cannot handle a bunch of grease.   Dining area was clean, it looked clean behind the counter, customer service was good and food was fresh --- keep in mind that I came around 1p-ish on a Wednesday so they were able to take their time with perfecting my order.
5	I LOVE Rays !!!When ever I'm in Phx this is my first stop. I always get the pizza and wing special. Large pizza and 20 wings.They have the best wings in valley !!!
4	Some of the fellas (and one lady) from work tapped me on the shoulder and said that they were headed here for lunch.  I drove over there to meet them and to try out some pizza.  They have a great deal M-F for lunch.... 2 slices cheese and a drink for only $4.10!   Can't beat that!  The pizza was good...crisped up in the oven nice.  The cheese looked a tad greasy but it was not...no puddles to be found anywhere.  The sauce was just alright but the crust made up for it.  Really good crust! The slices were really big too!  Score!   Service was to the point, not friendly, not rude but you could tell that they were appreciative for your business.  It's only a mile or so from work so I'm sure I will be back for that killer lunch special.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food too!
