5	Marcus at Prestige Easy Moves came through when we needed unloading help. We drove in from Philadelphia with a massively packed 24 foot truck and we would have been toast if we had to unload it ourselves. He kept in touch with us while we were on the road, and although it was impossible to say exactly when we would arrive, he and his crew were able to be there when we needed them. Marcus came, saw, and conquered!  Flawless and extremely helpful!
1	So obviously anyone who has moved to a different state obviously know how hard it can be to find all the right companies to help you with your job. We booked this place through movinghelpers.com (I think it was) and the number they gave us to call would NEVER work. We could not get through to these people for the life of us.  When we finally were able to schedule something, even the receptionist said others were having the same issues reaching them. I get a call about a week later saying they will not service us because they do NOT want a bad review (the online site has us review companies after they provided service). I guess figuring the communication issues they didn't want to risk their good score. But who knows how many others had the same thing happen. The girl was rude and aggressive on the phone when I was trying to explain we could not reach them, and didn't seem to want to hear what I had to say. Anyway, I wouldn't trust these people. I was anxious to leave a yelp review but disappointed they didn't have a Yelp yet. Either way, they still got their bad review.
5	So, after driving in from San Diego with our 26' U-Haul that was literally packed to the back door (as well as the Jetta we towed and the back of my pickup truck), I was in serious need of some unloading help.  I called about 5 different places and they either didn't pick up, were already booked, or never called back.  I got a hold of Marcus and he agreed to be over in 2 hours.  Talk about short notice.   His team was on time, courteous, professional, and super efficient.  They had us unloaded in no time.  In fact, we were so impressed with them that we hired them to come over to my parents house the next day to load their stuff into the U-Haul and then unload it at our new house.  And then we decided to just have them put together some furniture for us.  My wife literally handed them a bag of bolts and screws to put my son's bunk bed together with, and they had it done in no-time flat.  I honestly can't find anything negative to say about these guys.  They were awesome, and we'll call them again the next time we need some help moving stuff.Thanks again guys!!!!
5	If you want someone that doesn't quit or slow down on a job, call Marcus at Prestige Easy moves. I have moved 3 times since I arrived in Las Vegas and have hired Prestige the last two times. Marcus knows what he is doing and gets the job done very well. Professional and very good at loading and unloading without damaging your things. I will be recommending Prestige to my friends every time I hear of someone preparing to move. If you have special considerations and directions they will follow your directions to the letter. None of my furniture is not cheap and none of it light. The first move was into a two story house and the second was obviously out of a two story house. All of the heavy furniture was moved in and out with no damage to home or items themselves. If I need to move again, I will call Marcus again! It is very difficult to find someone that will work as hard and do such a good job. I have moved from coast to coast multiple times over the last 17 years and hired many people to help me load and unload. Without doubt Marcus is by far head and shoulders above the rest. The price is right and you don't have to ensure he is loading your property the right way using every available space on whatever size truck you get. Top to bottom end to end truck loading. Your money will not be wasted if you decide to hire Marcus. Thank you Marcus for taking care of my stuff like it was yours.
5	I used Prestige Easy Moves and within 6 hours on a Sunday, I was moved into my new home. First things first... they showed up on time! Marcus is friendly, efficient and professional. With his helper, they carefully packed up the UHaul and only had to make 2 runs. Everything made it to the new place safe and sound and Marcus took the time to make sure each piece of furniture was where I wanted it.
1	An important part about any business would be to show up! We scheduled two and a half weeks in advance for 10:30 on a Thursday. We even received a confirmation call a week after reservations were made. After continuously calling they responded three hours later sounding horrible and stated they would be there in less then an hour. Two hours later and still nothing, don't use them! Nothing is worse than you're movers not showing up at all.
5	This guy was on time and had a good attitude. He also brought a lot of equipment to make things move along a little faster. Thanks for the move
