4	This is my favorite place to party in Montreal, as long as I've already had a few drinks in me before I get there! La Boom is made up of 3 different rooms. There's the white room, silver room, and club lounge. The white room plays a mix of latin music. The silver always has great DJ's and plays an incredible mix of house, dance, and hip hop. The club lounge plays 80's, house, a little dance, and rock. My favorite room is definitely the silver room. Generally, cover is $10 and gives you access to all three rooms. Drinks can be expensive, so if you don't see a drink menu on the bar; just ask for it. If you want a drink not on the menu, ask how much it is. I recall ordering a red bull and vodka from one bartender at $6 and ordered the same thing from a different bartender and it was $10. In the silver room, all of the bartenders are fun and super friendly. The staff always seems to have a good time and dances around behind the bar all night. A cool thing about this bar is the boxes they have on the dance floor that girls are allowed to dance on. Just look out for the occasional falling drunk girl! It happens. Coat check here is required, but is super secure. It cost $5, but it was nice to not have to worry about packing it around all night. Some coat checks sketch me out, but these girls were great. The bathrooms are always clean and plenty of room to check yourself out and reapply lip gloss. :) You can catch some talented DJ's at this club and fun theme nights, so check out their website to see what they have going on!
5	I would never consider myself a club-goer. However, when my feet feel like dancing and I'm in Montreal, I head to La Boom. There are three floors to La Boom all with different music and each with a unique ambiance. I typically frequent the 3rd floor which is usually dominated by top40/pop music. That's not to say that I didn't have a great time on the 1st floor reggae/rap scene. I found their drinks were reasonably priced for a club and the cover was not bad. I would HIGHLY recommend this place because if you don't like one floor, you still have 2 more to choose from.
3	We came here last night - a Saturday - to party. Cover was $10, and only the top floor was open. With only one room open, it's a pretty small venue, though there's an abundance of bars (3), so you're never far from a drink. We rolled in around 11pm and the place was dead - hardly any people in the club and no one on the dance floor. The dj was spinning a mix of trance and top 40 pop which was actually pretty good. Close to midnight things picked up a lot - it actually got rather packed in there. The crowd had a good vibe - almost everyone was dancing and right into the music, and most people were friendly and polite. At some point they switched up djs and things kind of went a little down hill from there. His set was just... not good. In addition to some not so good beatmatching here and there, he would start playing a really good track, get the crowd going and then just kill the momentum by cutting the track really short or doing a mix that would create a lull in the rhythm so that everyone would stop dancing and just stand there until the next track really got going. There were so many opportunities for him to build on the crowd's energy and he just kind of failed to do so. Disappointing. In spite of the mediocre dj, I still had a good time and spent a good chunk of the night dancing on the raised platforms at the corners of the dance floor. It was great to be able to see the whole room and to have a less crowded spot to dance. Drinks were reasonably priced ($6 for an amaretto & orange juice), the staff were friendly and professional, and the washroom was totally decent. There's a coat check which I believe is mandatory.I'd come out and party here again - other than not liking the dj, it was a great evening at LaBoom. I hope he's not their resident dj. :P
1	Wow, this review hurts, but it has to be done. What the HELL happened, La Boom? You used to be the BOMB (or the Boom)! In the several times I've been to Montreal since about 2005 or so, you were my SPOT! Bottles popping everywhere, PACKED to the brim with girls, great music, chicks dancing on the bars, boatloads of alcohol flowing...SEVERAL floors to explore, you name it. Those were the memories I had of this place, until the last trip. The most recent time here (March 2011) was a completely different experience. The club has been redone since the time before (2008?) and now there are only 2 floors, and the top floor has been opened up a bit. Ok, renovations are always fine. We went on a Sat night and got in for free with the VIP passes we always get through the travel agent.  Well, while waiting in line and seeing the supposed 18 year old kid (who looked more like a pre-pubescent 13 year old, seriously) get in I should've known this place was past it's prime and not the same crowd anymore. Once in, I felt like I was at a high school dance...it was that bad. Pretty dead at Midnight no less and only occupied with awkward teenagers. Got a drink at the bar, and it was the most watered down junk I have ever had. I really think I bought an 8 dollar coke. My friends and I promptly left after about 20 minutes in there. Yep, La boom, you used to be cool, but it's ok, you've been replaced - there's a new hot spot in Montreal - it's called CLUB IVY! :P
3	So I came here on one of the weeknights to see Mohombi. He came and I was happy. I already had my name on the guestlist and walked in right at 12... not too bad for the lineup and the bouncers were friendly. Bartenders were not at stuck up as they looked like, but the drinks were really really really bad. Idk what else to suggest to drink unless youre getting a bottle to actually know what youre getting. Anyway wouldnt reccomend any of the shots. The dance floor was okay, and music system loud. Overall not a bad club at all if youre just coming to dance the night out. Oh plus the crowd is really unpretencious so you can walk in with not on big on dress code.. Like I said just a night to dance out
1	Awful, awful club.  Seriously - one of the worst in Montreal.  Ultra pricey, with long lines, and sleazy (albeit sexy) staff.  The bouncer are total jerks - stereotypes of the big, rude, black guys that are portrayed in the media.  The wait staff hose tourists.  We paid 10 $ for a drink that was clearly 6 on the menu.  The manager eventually apologised, but talking to others, they seem to intentionally overcharge tourists.Music sucked, lights were awful, dancefloor was way to busy, and hot.TO BE AVOIDED!!!!
4	Really good club with 3-4 different rooms. They play everythign from top 40 in 1 room to trance to reggae stuff. Cover goes to 15 if you come after midnight. Before that it is free for ladies and i think 10 for guys. Totally worth it. We had an amazing time. It is close to subway station also.
2	being from toronto I've been to a better parties on a friday night :/
