5	Dr Wells listens to me and gives me suggestions if I ask her for them.  She has kept me feeling healthy with her care of me.  Thank hou Dr Wells.
5	With her careful, kind approach, Dr. Wells is helping me handle some underlying health issues by seeing them in a new way. She is very knowledgeable, but is also wonderful about adjusting her approach to fit my particular health needs.I recommend her services wholeheartedly.
5	Thanks to Dr. Wells my hormone and blood sugar levels are in balance.  I no longer rely on prescription blood pressure medicine, the food intolerance information is very valuable and will assist in keeping the weight off.  I learned so much about foods and additives, priceless information.  Thank You Dr. Wells!Dorothy R.
5	Wendy is awesome and a true professional!
5	Dr. Wells is a loving, caring professional who truly listens and seeks to understand. She will care for you and work on finding the root of the problem vs. Just treating the system. Naturopathic care takes time, patience and follow through. Dr. Wells ha helped me and many of my family and friends toward a healthier lifestyle and feeling great!
5	Wendy is amazing Doctor and person.  I've seen her for my health needs, her and her staff have always taken the best care of me.   Anytime I need a boost to my immune system, I get in for a healthy IV.  Further, I have referred many people to see her.  Everyone I have ever sent to her has gotten great results and raved about her.  She helps people with there health concerns on many levels.  From Adrenal, diet, energy, thyroid, low-immune, auto-immune, and general health Dr. Wells is a trusted health care provider.Take my advice, you should book an apointment today to see her.
5	Dr. Wendy is absolutely the best! When you see her you have no doubt that the only thing that she wants is for you to be in optimal health, there is no question in your mind of anything else. I've known Dr. Wendy for many years and have always found her to be compassionate, thorough and utterly focused on health. I have recommended her countless times and will continue to do so.
5	One of the most valuable skills a doctor can possess is bedside manner. Dr. Wendy is a kind and considerate medical professional. So easy to talk to, Dr. Wendy is highly knowledgeable, insightful, and possesses all the skills to give the best care possible. I highly recommend Dr. Wendy for Naturopathic care.
