4	Takeaway: When you see local construction guys stopping in, you know its gotta be a good local spot!Driving by this dim part of 51, the smoke had me do a u-turn. It was a sunny day, great because your only choice is sitting outside. While we waited 5-10 minutes for our food, we partook of the very very clean porty-potty out back. The road can be noisy, so I'd recommending not choosing the tables by the road unless you are by yourself.My sons and I ordered a vertible sampler: ribs, cheese-steak, and pulled-pork. My son with the ribs said they could teach Applebee's what a half-rack really should be. Bones were soft, making me suspect these were braised first, which isn't a bad thing. But meat fell off the bone, but wasn't loose itself. Smokey flavor through-out the meat. The cheese-steak's meat seemed to be glazed, which was nicer than greasy philly-style. My other son wouldn't let me try his pork. The baked beans on the side of the ribs were awesome, with a sweet, tangy flavor reminiscent of three-bean salad.Next time we drive thru to my parents, we'll be sure to stop again!
4	I have only had the pulled pork, Mac n cheese and a soda every time I come here but it's so good I don't want to get anything else. The Mac n cheese is just spicy enough to be noticeable. The pulled pork is very tender and the sauce is not overpowering. Kinda steep at $9 for all that.
3	Big bag of home cut fries were tasty!.  Mac & Cheese has little tomato chunks in it, the same way I make it, love it with tomatoes in it!!!..Nice touch!  The ribs were nicely smoked, ordered the hot BBQ sauce but got the middle and it was OK but not what we wanted.Oh Yea, it is take out.  They do have a couple of picnic tables but a little to cold tonight to eat out!
4	I was on my way to another BBQ joint out past Century III mall when I spied Rowdy, so I stopped. They have your basic roadside BBQ faire and I tried the Buffalo Pulled Chicken sandwich and Mac & Cheese. After a short wait in the cold, the lady tapped on the glass to let me know I could begin. The Buffalo Pulled Chicken was tasty, it would have been out of this world if not for the cold, untoasted roll(-1). Cold sandwich, cold bread, hot sandwich, hot bread. I hate when this basic tenant is broken. It's like putting a meal on a cold plate, boooo. The Mac & Cheese was a spicy one, with some peppers in it for zing, very tasty. Drinks are refillable. Everything was really good and I will certainly be back.
5	My favorite BBQ in the burgh.  This place is just absolutely phenomenal.  The kielbasa and kraut, the burgers, the pulled pork, the pierogies, the fries - it's all so yummy.  I love to order it with lemonade and sit outside and enjoy the day.  It's really great bang for your buck too - tons of food for super-cheap.  Their chicken sign is hysterical.  My only complaint about Rowdy is that there isn't another one in the North Hills.
1	As a usual her I was expecting some of Pittsburgh's finest BBQ. I was very disappointed in what we received and will never go back.   The Mac and cheese was old.  Maybe put in the Togo container a day or four ago and reheated.  I couldn't even get a fork full out, one giant clump even after I tried to reheat.  Ribs were ok. Nothing to remember.   Fries, awesome as alway.  But since four of us ate there three of us began running to bath room for the past 8 hrs.   As a local chef I should have known something was off when I went for the Mac and cheese.   Very disappointed and will not be going back any time soon, if ever
4	Rowdy BBQ! First time here, and was pretty happy with my experience. I like this place for a number of reasons not just the food. This BBQ stand stays open year round with no indoor seating. It is essentially carryout no frills type of place. Which is in my opinion great because that says to me " let our food talk for us, we don't need all that fancy pants stuff!" I was greated by a extremely friendly lady that had a smile on her face and had no problem answering my barrage of questions about the place. I'll tell you what, before I even order I knew that my meal would be more than satisfactory with such a great personality. I kept it simple for my first experience and ordered pulled pork sandwich and coleslaw. The pork was flavorful and I'm a saucy type of person so, I doused it with some additional sauce which made this a tasty samich. I can't remember what I was charged for this lunch combo but it was a definitely a deal.
2	Whose great idea was it to put a BBQ place on the busiest road in the whole entire city that serves bland, pulled pork, on soggy buns..? I was actually excited to come down to Rowdy's and try some of their BBQ. I ordered their version of a spicy pulled pork sandwich with some french fries, and I honestly think the best part of my meal might have been the fries. Ouch.My pulled pork sandwich was un-appealing. I didn't even enjoy eating it, and not to mention I think we waited 15 minutes for our food having been the only people there. What's that all about?Maybe next time I'll come back to Rowdy's and things will be different, maybe their food will actually have some spice to it, maybe the food won't take enough time for me to drive to Uniontown and back, maybe I'll actually enjoy eating there; we shall see. I will come back and give this place another chance.
4	My first pulled pork experience and it was good. Mouth watering go  back for seconds and thirds good. As is the custom my team at work and I decided to have a potluck/food day. We decided on Rowdy's BBQ to provide the catering. The flavor of the pulled pork was savory and smokey. So good that I wanted to pinch myself. To ensure I wasn't dream eating. My work team is roughly 16 people and we're always having food days. Let me tell you from Rowdy's you can order 5 pounds of pulled pork for less than $50.00 you can feed a lot of people with 5 pounds of meat. I am now a pulled pork believer.
4	Great quick lunch. Never had anything bad here. Side note the fries look burnt but are great.
3	If there was a 3.5 star, this place would get it.  Let me just tell you, when the smoker is on, the food is incredible.  Consistency is key, and this place just isnt.  I have had pulled pork that was awesome, smokey, peppery, and moist.  Then I have had it dry, little flavor, and absolutely no pepper.  The quantity is great, but just not always the best quality.  The brisket the same as the pork. If they could be consistent, it would absolutely get 4 or 5 stars no problem.
4	Pulled pork sandwich was great.  The fresh cut fries were among the best I ever had.  Keep in mind that this is a stand, there is external seating but not  alot of parking.  However, the food is worth a trip!
3	This is a take out and catering operation on a very busy 4 lane road.  They do have a couple picnic tables downwind of their smokers and unfortunately a couple very large dumpsters.  I wish I lived closer because I would like to simply take it home and eat the food.  The tables are under an overhang which is a nice thing if it's sprinkling or if the sun is beating down on an especially hot day like it was today.  It's really really noisy and hard to really enjoy yourself outside.  I really appreciated that they are prepared to serve you to stay and don't pack your food in unnecessary amounts of packaging regardless.  This is really thoughtful.I ordered a 1/2 rack of ribs.  It comes with a side and I chose baked beans.  The ribs were fall off the bone tender and lightly smokey.  I thought the sauce (comes with it) was pretty good.  Not too sickly sweet, didn't really leave an impression either way which was fine by me.  They weren't overly meaty but were moist and I thought they might be the best in the burgh.The beans were good.  They were of the multi bean variety with a few green peppers here and there.  They weren't overly sweet, which I appreciate very much.  I left a little hungry actually.  It wasn't an overwhelming amount of food.I would go back and try more.  If it's as good the second time, I will up my rating to fan status.  As for now, pretty good.  I liked it.
3	Fairly decent barbecue in the 'Burgh. The ribs are properly smoked and quite tender, with a rather indistinct rub...I got a little chili powder taste from it, plus a bit of garlic, but not much else. They offer two barbecue sauces, which is actually just one, as they simply add cayenne to the house sauce to make it more spicy. The baked beans were very tasty, a nice blend of navy beans, black beans and kidney beans flavored lightly enough that I could actually taste the beans, which I appreciate. The fries are also very good, with a nice potato flavor that lets you know they're freshly made. I'm not doing handstands, but I'll go back and try more. I skipped the pulled pork, as I like mine with the traditional North Carolina vinegar sauce, and theirs comes with the house barbecue sauce...one I don't really like. The chicken was OK, but not smokey or unctuous enough for me to rave about. Again, I'll go back and try more.
3	I went the next day and brought my wife to try this place again for dinner this time.  The first time was for lunch.  I still like the beans, was blown away by how great the fries were but I was really disappointed with the chicken and ribs this time.  I was tempted to drop the review to 2 stars.  The ribs were mushy and old tasting.  I would definitely recommend you stick to lunch if you are going to order these.  The white meat part of the chicken was bone dry and overall the chicken is unremarkable.  I would go back and try the pulled pork and get some more of those beans or if I am feeling like a splurge some more of those great fries.
5	Rowdy BBQ catered our wedding. And it was amazing! They brought fresh sweet corn and cooked it AT our venue, which was in Riverside Park (the Chapel Shelter, look it up, it's a great venue).  They also provided us with a huge pile of beef brisket, which was amazingly tender.  Sometimes, it seems like at weddings the food isn't very good because it was cooked in bulk.  Steve from Rowdy gave us samples of the foods before our wedding, and they were flat out amazing.  Then, when he recreated everything in bulk, it was exactly the same which was way impressive. We also had mac n cheese, which was the perfectly sized macaroni and had little pieces of tomato.  We also had potato salad, fresh rolls, seasonal fruit, and...wait for it...vegan sausages (I am vegan)!  He didn't have them on the menu, but had some contact who provided him with super duper gourmet vegan sausages.  He will work anything out for you!Steve and the Rowdy team is great. I should also add that two guys stayed and helped guide everyone through the serving process and helped with cleanup.  They were really cool guys, and very independent workers.  We were totally carefree at our wedding, not a worry about food!  Also, they are budget-friendly.   I am from California, and this sort of food there would cost an arm and a leg.  You would have to find some hipster restaurant that specialized in gourmet BBQ.  But here you have Rowdy! Horray! Go to here  :)
3	As someone who lives just north of Pittsburgh, I am definitely one of those people who grumbles whenever I have to cross a bridge and/or go through a tunnel to get somewhere.  There may be traffic and it may or may not add 30 seconds on to my drive, but the thought of it usually puts me in a grumpy mood and I'll act as if this extra 30 seconds means I have to pack an overnight bag.  Yet when I set out to get take-out from Rowdy BBQ, I was not even thinking about the location.  Until I was sitting in stand still traffic on 51.  With nowhere to go but forward, onward to the Brentwood Express shack for some barbecue I went.  I arrived in one piece, greeted by the Rowdy Rooster, thankful that delicious barbecue would be my reward.  I'm pretty sure I've been here before, but it's been so long ago I don't even remember what I ate.  And I'm pretty sure someone else drove which is why I didn't remember the traffic.  Nevertheless, I went with my usual pulled pork sandwich and mixed it up with the buffalo chicken sandwich.  One for now, one for later.  The pulled pork was good, though I was surprised by the cheddar cheese sauce as opposed to sliced or shredded cheese on top.  The buffalo chicken sandwich, which I got with provolone instead of the cheddar cheese, was better in my opinion than the pulled pork.  And after reading other reviews, I think I may have made a mistake by not getting any sides.Should I brave 51 again, I will definitely repeat that buffalo chicken sandwich.  Along with some sides and maybe some brisket or one of those amazing looking cheesesteaks.  And next time I'll call ahead so I can spend my time sitting in traffic as opposed to waiting for my order.  Then maybe I can update my review and add another star.
4	This place is pretty good. I love the tomato based sauce!!! The pulled pork is really good and so is the brisket. My only complaint is the Mac and cheese. It taste like there's mayonnaise in it or something and that is just not appealing to me. It's not the best bbq I've had but its also not the worst. When I want bbq this will prob be the place I go. Just wish the Mac and cheese was better.
5	I've lived in the area for almost 30 years now and always drove past your place. I'm an incredibly picky eater but today I decided to give it a whirl. I had a pulled pork sandwich, Mac and cheese and the smoked brisket chili. I'm kicking myself for not coming sooner! Everything is fantastic!!!
5	Just like home cooking! Great food and friendly service.  Definitely add this to your list of places to check out!
3	The best part of the meal were the fries. Ordered the combo with a half rack of ribs and chicken with a side of baked beans and fries.  Waited a solid 20 min or so after ordering for my order to be ready to grab at the window. The ribs and chicken were absolutely drowning in sauce which I don't like. Good bbq should have sauce offered on the side. The chicken was dry and pretty bland. The ribs were ok, a little over cooked and not much flavor from the rub. The beans were ok, nothing to get excited about. The house cut fries were awesome, which makes it a shame the rest of the meal was average at best.
4	I live fairly close to this joint and have eaten here quite a few times. In the past I have gotten their chicken tenders, coleslaw, French fries and a couple pulled chicken sandwiches. I have to say that the French fries are amazing and so is their cheese- but I wasn't completely impressed with their pulled chicken sandwiches- the chicken was almost too shredded and not very flavorful. Last time I ordered their coleslaw, it had entirely too much celery seed on it and it gave the coleslaw a bad taste. Tonight my boyfriend and I had dinner here and it was a whole different ball game. The coleslaw was perfect, French fries with their sweet BBQ sauce-- perfect, and my boyfriend got the cheesesteak and loved it. I ordered the beef brisket sandwich and added on all the veggies (tomatoes, lettuce, pickles, onions and pepper rings). It was amazing. I am not one to eat red meat often so I was out of my element- but once I had the first bite I just didn't want to put it down! The meat was tender and the BBQ was sweet and the veggies complimented everything well. Rowdy is A local favorite for sure!
3	Meh. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich. To start, I prefer the North Carolina (eastern) style of barbecue. I like the smoked meat to stand on its own, with maybe a little vinegar sauce added. And coleslaw on the sandwich. I got none of the above here. The pork was sauced with something tomato-based, thick, and sweet. They had coleslaw as a side, but I didn't see any option to get it on the sandwich. I would have preferred a plain sandwich with my choice of sauce on the side. I didn't see any platter options, so you couldn't really get a deal with a meat and two sides, for example. I think this place is designed more for pickup when you have to feed a crew and don't mind paying $5 for a side. Lastly, drinks are from a machine only - no freshly-brewed sweet tea or freshly-squeezed lemonade. If you have high expectations for your barbecue, you will likely be disappointed here. I'd rather eat something else than settle for mediocre barbecue--thus the 3/5 star, meh rating.
3	The fries taste great. The meat is okay, a little above average. The buns are awful. There's a long wait time and high prices. Overall it's nothing special. I certainly wouldn't drive more than 5-10 minutes to get there.
4	From their feisty signs to their smokey bbq, I'm a fan of Rowdys BBQ.  Their pulled pork is most and flavorful and they also have some scrumptious cheesesteaks.  Full of flavor and personality - that's Rowdys.The picnic tables outside are the only place to dine,  so if you plan on eating there make sure it's not raining.  If it is,  take it to go.All sides are homemade as well.  We love the mac n cheese!  They also cater - so if you want your party to get a little Rowdy, just call ahead.  The awards don't lie - Rowdys is a great place for BBQ
5	I adore this place. I've had  variety of sandwiches from them and they are always huge, delicious and reasonably priced. Their hot pepper cheese balls and Mac and cheese are also amazing. It is an outside place on the side of route 51 which I suppose is a small downfall but it doesn't keep me from giving it 5 stars. They have a few picnic tables you can sit at but otherwise it's more of a take out type place. You can also have them cater larger events which I've only experienced once but it was just as good as it is when I get a single sandwich. The food only takes them about 10 min to have ready for you as well or you can always call ahead and order too!I've had their chicken bacon ranch and buffalo chicken sandwiches and both are sooo good. I've also had their regular Philly cheesesteak and their chicken Philly cheesesteak and neither of those have disappointed either. Their pulled pork is equally amazing. The big pig sandwich is one of my absolute go to items on their menu, being that they are obviously a BBQ place as you can see from the name, you know their BBQ sandwiches have to be amazing. Go here asap! You're welcome in advance. :)
4	Our family loves BBQ so when we crave it we head to Rowdy. It's a small place with no indoor seating. Outside there are a couple of picnic tables. It doesn't have to be summertime to enjoy Rowdy's food. They have take out year round!  Yum!  Tonight we ordered ribs, chicken, a burger, a chili cheese dog, coleslaw, and fries. Our family likes to share so we laid it out banquet style. I enjoyed a little of everything but enjoyed the chicken the most. Not only are their meats bathed in delicious BBQ sauce, they are also smoked. Not every BBQ place smokes their meats. If you are unfamiliar with the smoking process you need to know that it turns the meat pink on the inside. Some people freak out and think the meat is undercooked. Their fries are handcut and their coleslaw is perfectly balanced. And don't miss out on their chili!  With the smoked meat it is fabulous!  I wish I could recreate it at home. The next time you are thinking BBQ-think Rowdy!
