1	It takes management several weeks to a month to finish or begin repair requests. When it does finally get done, it's sub-par. Children are very noisy and are allowed to go unattended. I don't know about the rest of the apartment complex but my neighbors are very rude and noisy. Several complaints have done no good. By account in any GOOD complex they would have been evicted a long time ago. It appears after only a few months of living here, that anyone can get away with anything here.People leave garbage around the complex, and the laundry room is terrible. Crummy washers and dryers, and they expect people to pay $1 each. Plus there are only 3 for the whole complex so sometimes you cannot get any laundry done. Walls are very thin. I know when living in apartments you are going to get some noise but this is ridiculous! Rent is high for these outdated (asbestos popcorn ceiling), old apartments. Which would explain the need for constant repairs. Bathroom is very tiny, allowing for very little movement. I don't know if they are trying to save money, but they are going about it the wrong way by cutting off the lights way too early so the complex is pitch black in the morning when I go to work. Arms outstretched is how big it is.Recently since I don't live here anymore, my brother and sister moved in and some pedophile tried to lure my sister back to his apartment! After calling the police it turns out he is related to the owners or some type of garbage like that.  We had extensive flood damage that destroyed thousands of dollars in furniture due to the upstairs neighbor having a washer when it is forbidden. Numerous times this happened where the water would come flooding down from the light alcove in the kitchen. Finally there was one huge flood where we had to move out for a couple of weeks until everything could dry and things could get put back into place and they FINALLY evicted the man after dealing with his crap for over a year. The sauna does not work and the parking is extremely tiny with one one way in and out. Sometimes people will park in your space! The few things I liked were they were gay friendly apartments, behind Di Vito's restaurant, across the street from 7-Eleven and down the street from Savers. There is access to the Arcadia area but do yourself a favor and go a little bit further to rent, these apartments are a dump.
5	This note is a rebuttal to a review written by a visitor to this site.  Upon reviewing all of our tenants records it was found that this person has never lived in the complex.  Perhaps, she is mistaken about the property.The statement's listed here are not true to this property.
4	I absolutely adore this cute and cozy apartment complex. I love all my neighbors. I definitely do not have any issues with people being too loud. I have 2 children ages 5 and 3 and I wish there were more kids running around, but I guess that's what the parks in the neighborhood are for! I feel safe living in this apartment complex which is  sometimes hard to find living in the city. I never have a problem with parking even on the weekends. I loved the management when we first moved in, that's one of the main reasons why I chose this place.
