3	I had a lip & brow wax with Cindy at Au Reve last week.  She uses hard wax which doesn't use muslin strips; she says it also doesn't rip off as much skin.  She did a great job, asking me what I wanted and giving me exactly that - just to clean up around my natural brow line, no new shaping.  Still looks great and she was super-nice and friendly, so I think I'll be back.  I also have a tendency to break out a bit at waxing sites, but haven't - another good sign.I give 4 stars because she did have to go over each site at least twice, to pick up fine hairs -- OUCH!!!  I'll give it another go, though - maybe maintenance won't be as bad.  Think I'll try putting Lidocaine on my skin before I go in next time...  If you go, ask for Cindy - she's great!
2	Even though my last visit was painful, I decided to try a microdermabrasion facial here - and lived to regret it.  I wanted to give her another try with another service because she's such a nice person, but it's not working out.  I thought I asked if she did diamond-tip dermabrasion, but she turned out to do the type where crystals are shot at your skin and vacuumed up instead.  This kind of sucked.  It was not only painful, but really messy.  I was cleaning grit out of my ears and hair for a day or two.Next time, I guess I'll have to ask for a tour, see the equipment, and then book the appointment.  :(If you like microderm, I highly suggest the type where the tip of the vacuum wand is abrasive.  It's very effective, not painful, and not messy.
5	Really nice facial, nice and relaxed.  She had some suggestions for products but did not push me to buy them there.  I'll definitely go back!
4	Wonderful salon! Came in with a mop for a head and left looking sharp.  Prices are pretty decent too.
5	I heard about Au Reve through Living Social, where I purchased a massage certificate. The day of  my appointment I happily  realized that it was really close to my house. I never know what to expect the first time I get a massage at a new place, but the masseuse was happily waiting for me at the front desk, so I took this as a good sign. After filling out the requisite questionnaire, we headed for the massage room. It was an adequate space but unfortunately not insulated enough to keep the loud voices in the rest of the salon. It didnt take me long to block out the voices and start relaxing once the massage began. The therapist, I believe her name was Davinia (sp?) listened when I described my problem areas and really gave me a great massage. My most tense areas felt so much better not just after the massage, but days after. One of my favorite things was her use of heated pads on my feet while my body was being massaged and the warm towel placed under my head when I flipped onto my back. These kept me warm and cozy feeling throughout the hour long massage. A really great touch if you ask me!The therapist offered me the same price I paid through Living Social if I re-booked, and that was a no-brainer on my part. I'm only afraid I put my next appointment out too far because I already want to go back!
5	I love this salon!!  Clean, vibrant, busy and everyone is so friendly and genuine.  Laurie Roth is the BEST for awesome cuts AND color...hard to find that in just one person.  Her rates are great, and she is very knowledgable and passionate about what she does...and that's why I will be back again and again.
5	Love this place. Lori Roth Is excellent with color and very reasonably priced.  You can also get great massages too.
5	Desiree @ Au Reve is my regular stylist.  She takes the time to listen to exactly what I want and make sure it happens.  In the past I have seen her 'fix' clients who are not happy with how their hair turned out despite it being what they asked for, although she always makes suggestions if she thinks you are better suited to different styles. Desiree also did the hairstyles for all the girls in my wedding party.  She knew all the most recent braids and did perfectly messy fishtail updo's which I couldnt have been happier with!  She did 7 of us in 4 hours which I think is amazing, A++ to Desiree.  I also go to Lorrie @ Au Reve for my nails; Shellac Manicure every time.  She is easy to talk to and has the full line of colors from OPI and Gelish.  The Shellac Manicure takes 1 hour and I am always extremely happy....  they also have the quick dry LED light (no UV rays to worry about) which I appreciate.  The manicure easily lasts 2-3 weeks and is reasonably priced compared to other spa/salons.  Lorrie books her own appointments so you will have to call the salon and ask for her phone number.
5	I read the reviews here on yelp before I made my appointment. Great location, only five minutes from my home, clean atmosphere and kind and attentive employees. I came in for a haircut with Jodi and couldn't be happier. I showed her a picture of the length and style I was looking for and had a great consultation overall. My haircut turned out to be exactly what I was wanting and overall had an ideal experience. I would definitely recommend this place and will be going back! Thanks Jodi!
5	Laurie Roth is the absolute best colorist and hair cutter I have ever had. She is extremely knowledgable and knows how to make my hair look fantastic. Her prices are also very reasonable. She is a gem!
5	I'm so glad I found Au Reve! Laurie is a great hair stylist. She has helped me through the year-long process of growing my hair out, even through that awkward middle stage. She has lots of wonderful ideas about styles and hair color. It's a great salon, and can't recommend it enough!
5	This salon is one of the best in the valley. From the hairdressers to the nail techs to the massage therapists - all top notch!Nail techs Sandy, Angie, Lorrie, and Wendy are some of the best you'll ever work with. The price is right too. When comparison shopping, be sure to compare apples to apples. These ladies do SO much more in their pedicures for a "regular fee" than most places would ever think of. The last place I went charged extra for a citrus scrub or a masque for your foot (wrapped in a hot towel), or a special nail design. Not these ladies!  It's all included. They are efficient, but never rushed. That means they booked plenty of time for you. This place is like a big family. They treat each other and you with respect. Going the extra mile is the rule rather than the exception here. My nail tech, Sandy, has worked on Sundays, has stayed late in the evening (8:30 and 9:30), and has even offered to drive me home once. (I was her last client.). She has squeezed me in for emergency repairs on numerous occasions.  Their generosity to  clients and their support to the community is well known.  When you're here, you're family.
5	I love this place! The atmosphere is great and everyone is so sweet. Laurie Roth is the best! Show her a picture and she will cut and/or dye your hair exactly the way the picture is. She can do anything. Definitely getting my hair done by her as long as she's in business! Her prices are also very reasonable. Krystal Lynn is also the best nail tech for detailed nail designs.
5	I have been going to this salon for 3 or 4 years. Not only is it super convenient for me because it is down the street from my house the service here is impeccable. Cathy Messer is a great hair dresse! She gives the best hair cuts and is a perfectionist.  Nicole Artino does my nails and does an amazing job and is great to talk to. I receive compliments on my hair and nails often. Everyone here takes pride in what they do and the atmosphere is extremely inviting.
5	I've been going to Laurie Roth for over16 years!  It was love at first cut/color!  She is a true professional in her field and a perfectionist for what You want! She isn't happy until you are.Laurie is no longer at Au Reve - she is on her own at 602-710-8510
5	I was extremely happy with the way Laurie cut and colored my hair. It was my first time going to her and I loved that she took her time studying my hair before beginning. She gave me a beautiful cut and color. I am definitely returning to her again she is an excellent stylist.
5	I'm going to a concert in a few days and I wanted a haircut before then. This was very last minute and the place I usually go to was completely booked. I called to see if this place had any openings and they got me a spot within just 30 minutes. Not to mention, they were very patient with me on the phone as I had to put them on hold several times. Erin was very patient and fixed my hair up even though I probably asked her to do something more to it at least five times. I have never been satisfied with a haircut before but finally this time finally did the trick. I loved my haircut. The price was a little more on the high end but it was well worth it for what I got and it looked very similar to the hairstyle in the picture. I would definitely love to go here from now on.
5	My favorite salon in Phoenix. It's such a cute, welcoming place with employees that treat their clients and co-workers like family. The hair stylists and nail techs will go out of their way for anyone. Every cut and color I've had done from there has been perfect and everything I've asked for. I will never leave this place!! Oh and there's fresh treats, iced tea, lemonade and coffee always ready for you when you walk in!
