2	I've stayed here a couple of times.  The rooms are decent.  They are clean and functional.  The kitchenettes are stocked with decent cookware, with only a few things missing.  The flat screen TVs are not HD, which makes the picture look really bad.  My biggest problem are the people.  Some of the guests are riff-raff!  On my most recent stay, there were several loud, rowdy parties going on (Super Bowl Sunday night).  That's generally OK, but not when it sounds like fights are about to break out and when there are 2 police cars in the parking lot when I pulled in.  After midnight, the parties were still going on.  Anyway, there's generally a shady quality of people around this place. I won't be back!
5	First off, @ Sam G. - You're crazy. Don't knock an establishment because of its customers man! The hotel cannot control that. Be fair and evaluate it on how the staff treated you. Dumbass.P.S. Some of the customers are crazy, but what are you going to do? Kick them out? Not accept their money? Come on now.....Anyways.....These people will take care of anything for you. Anything that is not going perfect for you will be handled. Easy. Can't say enough. Wish I could take them with me to every hotel I stay at. Easy going and focused on YOU, the customer. Stayed here for almost 4 weeks on business and it felt like home. They will go out of their way for the customer that can appreciate those sorts of things. And who couldn't appreciate that?If you want a low price, but are afraid of where the low price will get you, come stay here and find out what it's like to be treated with exemplary customer service.Levi. Victor. Stay big!-Dave Brooks
4	Stayed here bc it was better than getting 2 seperate rooms for us and the kids! The only thing was that the king bedroom was up in a loft (as described) we thought wouldn't care 'dept we forgot about the tv volumes competing with ours. We would like a seperate bedroom next time, at least a wall and a door? Staff was exceptional! Saw them mainly at brkfst, and was great! It was right off of I-77/ Tyvola road, minutes from Carowinds! Would stay again, I wonder if they the same kind of setup only with a seperate door for the king bedroom?
5	Hands down, the best hotel room floor plan!! Priced like a room with 2-beds but this place offers the privacy of 2-bedroom suites, along with a full kitchen and not to mention full breakfast included.Drive 6-8 minutes to the Panthers Stadium, uptown Charlotte or walk 10 minutes to the light rail.
4	My favorite place to stay when in Charlotte. Plenty of room to spread out. Clean suites and friendly staff. Great breakfast in the morning. Consistent with other Residence Inns.
5	Very friendly, accommodating staff. They really do everything in their power to make sure it feels like home away from home. Definitely worth the visit!
5	Where do I begin? I love this place the staff is wonderful the food is good and they are a really good hotel. I stayed here in March for 2 weeks for training with my company and this was my home away from home. Ms Shona was really helpful during my stay and never had an attitude even with my many request. The front desk help Asia and James were wonderful in all my needs signing me up for Marriott points. I could go on and on about this hotel. Ms St. John you have a great staff !!! I hope they are there next time i come to visit!
4	Two room suite is spacious and price right. Decor is a bit outdated but service was good and price great.  Fantastic place to stay with kids.
