5	I had never heard of a third party licensing option, so I was kind of leery when my friend recommended Power Tags, Titles & More. However, the DMV sucks, and this place is right by my house, so I gave it a whirl - and I'm glad I did!Staff is friendly, prices are fair (a few bucks more than the DMV).My vehicle was completely licensed in less than 30 minutes. The process was insanely simple, and I would recommend this place to everyone!They don't do drivers licenses as of April 2014 but they said perhaps in the fall.
5	Great service and is much better than waiting at an endless line at the MVD!
5	Been here twice since I moved here from St.Louis, amazing. Painless, extremely helpful, quick. Stacey, a member of their staff is one of the best staff members of any place I have ever met..I can't even explain how knowledgeable she was and friendly. I will go back here again and again, they help with things that in St.Louis you would need to go to several places to service your needs for small things all at one place, they do it all. Highly recommend this place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Horrible customer service. These places tack on an extra fee for convenience and I don't mind it's worth it. But they want to play games and act ignorant when asked what they charge  for there convenience fee. I called a lady answered and I asked if she could give me an estimate on what I would need to pay for vehicle registration and she said I'd have to come in. I said well I'm trying to save time, couldn't I just give you basic info over the phone that you'd look at when I come in and she said NO. You need to come in sir.  Aren't title offices like this around so we don't have to deal with the MVD attitudes, I guess she was hired from an MVD office. Anyways she was rude because she wasn't willing to help me, so I said then if you can't do that for me ill call and take my business elsewhere, her response: that's fine.I thought business's actually needed customers to stay in business. Mmmh not sure this place has figured that out. I would recommend Mardini Multi Services at Gilbert and University. phone #480-649-3010. A little farther away but worth the travel time.
