3	I haven't yet stayed here, so will write more after my stay.  At this point, I am very irritated with this hotel.  I am going to be staying by myself in a room and my sister and her husband are staying in a different room.  My bro-in-law had to cancel and so I called to cancel my room, so I could stay with my sis instead.  They have a 72 hour cancellation requirement and I am staying there Friday night.  I called at 2:50 Pacific on Tuesday.  Because of the 1 hour time difference, the hotel REFUSED to cancel my reservation, even though there was only a 50 minute difference, so 71.2 hours instead of the full 72.  This IS NOT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!  Now I'm just hoping the hotel isn't stuck in the 1980's.***UPDATE***This place almost redeemed itself.  It was very spacious, with spectacular views and also very calm and quiet.  It's no wonder that they made me pay for that first night...the place was pretty deserted.  But again, I have no complaints except for the fact that it's pretty far from all of the bars, etc.  If you are looking for a place to stay that's serene and relaxing - - this is the place for you!
5	This Inn is really called the Inn at Eagle Mountain. We stayed there weekend and were blown away by how beautiful this place was. Our room was large (we got the suite) and really comfortable. The view was beautiful. At night, it is so quiet you can hear your heart beat. In the morning, watching the sunrise over the mountains is spectacular. And best of all, it was REALLY reasonable pricing. Go figgur... And the service and support staff were very helpful and pleasant. Great place!
4	Our king room as very nice and spacious with a comfortable sitting area, fireplace and patio with a beautiful view of Gunsight mountain. The linens and towels were so soft and our bed was very comfortable too. The summer rates cannot be beat!! There were a few small elements of the room that were in need of repair but other than that it was very nice! We will recommend this hotel to our friends.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed there last night for a wee "stay-cation" I couldn't have asked for a better place to visit. The staff was great, the location was fabulous, the room was in great shape and very clean. We got the King Suite and I am a stickler for comfy beds on vacation. I was quite happy with this place. The cafe/ restaurant is within walking distance and we had breakfast there this morning. Sitting on the patio with the breeze blowing and the view over the city couldn't be beat. We also ventured to the fountain which is fairly close and had lunch at a bar and grille directly across from the park. The food there was amazing. Shortly after, we headed to Fort McDowell casino to play the black jack table and walked out with more then we walked in with, that was also a ton of fun. All in all there is a lot to do, everyone in the town seems very nice, the hotel was great, the rooms were amazing for a little get away and considering what you get, the price is a steal. I hope they keep their prices reasonable because I  have fallen in love with this place and would like to make it a bi-monthly get away destination.Also, if you are craving something sweet head down Shae a bit and yelp Ice cream Parlors in the area. I wish I remembered the name of the place I believe it was along the lines of "Sweet Treats" the helpings of ice cream are huge, the man who helped us was great and it was the perfect ending to a day amongst such beauty.
4	Stayed here for wedding over Memorial Day weekend and the Inn at Eagle Mountain was great for family fun.  Our family spent almost all of our time on the property at the pool cooling off or in the hot tub at night relaxing.  But don't forget to check out the casino or Lake Saguaro within a 30 minute drive.  My wife and I stayed in the Wild West Suite and was pleasantly surprised to see that the decor wasn't overdone.  King bed was very comfortable and the enormous room size was nice for family to come out of the heat and hang out. The staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Definitely check this place out especially for their great summer rates.
5	Great room - terrific pool & hot tub. Very accommodating staff. Beautiful locale. Quiet & peaceful, yet close to Scottsdale.
5	The Inn at Eagle Mountain made us feel like royaly. This is the third time I've taken my social group to the area and stayed at the resort. The staff is top of the line and the resort itself is fabulous. Each room has a fireplace and jaccuzzi tub. amenities are the best and the place was immaculate. Front desk was helpful and informative. The inn at Eagle Mountain gets an A+ number 1 rating from me and my group.
4	Very nice place to stay.  Came here with my family as part of a vacation package - we chose the king bed room with pull-out couch for the three of us and so far has not been a hassle.  Love the fact that there is a gas fireplace in the room and a jacuzzi tub.  If it warms up a bit we might venture to the pool and/or hot tub.  Fry's is just up the street and we are buying much of our food and supplies there - the room has a fridge and coffee maker, but no microwave.  Our neighbors are active but it hasn't been too much of a problem.   The walls are a bit thin but it's to be expected.  Where we are is handi-accessible and I definitely recommend this for those who are limited in their mobility - it has lots of handrails in the bathroom, and has a shower chair.Nice big closet and dresser - loved the fact that they supply two spa robes.  This is a nice place and very low-stress.  The front desk people were exceptionally nice and very helpful in telling us of nearby restaurants.Lastly, the southwestern style is of the room adds to the relaxed atmosphere of the place.  The artwork in the room is similarly southwestern-themed, so it's cheesy but in a good way!Will definitely stay here again if the chance comes up again :)
3	I had the opportunity to stay at this resort as a sort of "staycation".  There is no question that this resort is beautiful.  I think it has declined slightly from its  heyday when it was a awarded the Triple A 4 Diamond award in the early 2000's.  Despite the slight decline, I definitely enjoyed this resort. One of the first things you will notice when you arrive is that this resort looks exactly like the picture.  Its very pretty  and the grounds are well maintained.  As far as the amenities are concerned, there aren't many.  I thought that the swimming pool was a little small and the area around the pool, in general, could be updated a little.I stayed in a king suite and the room was pretty large.  i definitely appreciated the space.  I loved sitting on the balcony in the evening time and watching the sunset,  In the evening sun, this place, the grounds, the desert, the mountains in the distacet, EVERYTHING looks beautiful from your balcony.  Every room has a beautiful view.  The rooms are rustic and are somewhat outdated.  I recall the phone in the bathroom being an old fashioned telephone from 2 decades ago.  And normally, I couldn't care less about the things in a room when I'm on a vacation because I'm too busy running around, but considering the fact that I was there to get cozy in the hotel, I wanted to have some modern amenities like a flat screen TV and dare I say it, WiFi.  For some folks, this might be heaven, for me, not so much when my cell phone was in and out of service.If you visit this resort, keep in mind that the streets in F.Hills roll up and the shutters are closed on businesses fairly early.  The resort is within walking distance of a shopping plaza that has a grocery store and some other food stores. I will say that I was a big fan of the staff at the resort.  Extremely helpful and just simply nice and accommodating.   I would certainly go back here.
4	3/17-20/13 - stay was very enjoyable and relaxing. Accommodations were very clean and well kept. A golfer's paradise with scenic views.
1	Don't stay here unless you want the maid to steal your clothes!My husband and I stayed here for a wedding weekend and although the room was nice and the pool was cute, we were very disappointed with what happened right after we left.  My husband unpacked his 2 favorite pairs of expensive jeans and 2 nice shirts into one of the drawers.  We were leaving in a hurry and forgot to check that one drawer.  We realized it 3 hours later when he went to his bag to put on his jeans and didnt have them and we both realized he had left them in the drawer (I saw him unpack them there as well).  We called the hotel and a couple had already moved into our room.  They called the couple who searched for them and said they weren't there. Then I asked the manager if she would go and check the specific drawer and she said she did and they weren't there.  I then asked if she thought there was any way the couple in the room might be hiding them and she thought it very unlikely since they were elderly and jeans probably weren't their style.  She said the maid had left for the evening and had probably put them in the locked lost and found.  For the next few days they gave us the run around between the maid, front desk and they said the general manager was out so they couldn't get us answers on where the clothes were.  Finally a week later the head of housekeeping confirmed that no clothes were turned in by the maid.  I explained that my husband hates shopping and to get him out to the store to buy these jeans in the first place had been difficult and that it meant a lot to us to have them back along with his nice shirts.  They offered us someone else's jeans that had been left in lost in found months before us but obviously we didn't want those.  So where did the clothes go?  My dad has run hotels my entire life so I know the rules, the maid is supposed to turn EVERYTHING into lost and found so that when the guests call for the things they KNOW they left, they can be located and then a plan is made from there.  We called literally 3 hrs after checking out and the clothes are no where to be found.  Of course this leaves this on the maid who probably admired the clothes and had someone she could give them to.  I told the manager this was very unprofessional and that I would like to be reimbursed $100 for the clothes (they cost more than that but I thought that was fair and not asking too much for THEIR error) they refused:( so now I've taken time out of my busy schedule to write this review and post it so that you know you may have a chance of your things being stolen for no good reason if you stay at this hotel.  It makes me very sad that they didn't handle it better and that they wasted so much of my time on phone calls etc.  Hope this review keeps people from staying there and possibly losing things they care about.  It's been months since we stayed and I still haven't been able to convince my husband to go shopping for new jeans so I'm still super annoyed and frustrated we had to deal with this! NOT PROPER HOUSEKEEPING!!!! :( **Note to the hotel general manager:  if you would like to reimburse us finally so that I take down these reviews you probably should, since $100 is less than what it costs for one room/nt and if you lose even one customer over this review, you will lose $.  That's the type of thing you need to think about when you treat a hotel guest inappropriately, especially when it's someone who has lived in hotels their whole life and their father is a hotel general manager. Oops.....
1	After having had lunch at the Grill at Eagle Mountain Fountain Hills, AZ, we looked forward to being able to someday stay at the beautiful resort. A trip to AZ that was related to a recently deceased parent was made better with the fact that my husband booked a suite at the Inn at Eagle Mountain for the 1 night we needed to be in town. 6 weeks prior to our trip he made the reservations and we received confirmation. We looked forward to taking solace in the gorgeous surroundings. We arrived in Phoenix and as we were being shuttled to the car rental facility, my husband turned his phone on. A voice mail had been left from the Inn telling us they did not have a room for us. We immediately called to find out what the problem was and were told they "we're very sorry, but..." they had no rooms available. When we explained we had confirmation from a reservation made through the hotel (not a travel outfit), they again apologized saying "it appeared we had been 'mistakenly' wait-listed". They offered to find us a "comparable place to stay".  We arrived at the Inn about 30 mins later. Our first question was why were we not notified until we had arrived in town. Their reply was that they were waiting to see if there might be a last minute cancellation. As an explanation we were told that new owners had recently taken over and were not well versed in the customer service aspect of hotel management. The receptionists agreed that this was unacceptable.  They did get us booked into another local hotel. Far from the beautiful ambiance of the Eagle Mt properties and the comfort of a king-size suite, we were directed to the nearby Marriott Courtyard, in a room with double beds. Disappointed, doesn't describe how we felt. A "sorry" from the desk and absolutely no suggestion of compensation left us feeling as though we were unimportant as guests. So, no, we will not be returning to Inn at Eagle Mountain! We will not be recommending the Inn at Eagle Mountain.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here on a mini stay-cation and overall it was great. We were lucky enough to get an upgrade to a premier suite. It was on the end of the building, on the edge of the golf course so not only was it pretty, it was quiet.The room was clean, bright and comfortable. And big. The two rooms and the bathroom were all spacious. The bed was super comfy and overall the atmosphere was very relaxing. The pool area was very small but it was nice. The hot tub was great. It's quite large and overlooks the golf course. Again, very relaxing.My only complaint is that our fireplace didn't work and when we mentioned it to the person working the desk we were told that there was no one there who could fix it. No apology or anything. So that was a bummer because we would have enjoyed that feature. And there was no wifi in our room. They said there was a network but even when we manually typed it in, we couldn't find it.This place is a ways away from downtown Fountain Hills so if you want to be close to the action, this would not be the best choice. We drove about 15 minutes to get to dinner each night. But if you don't mind driving a bit for meals and want to get away from it all without going too far away, this is a great option.
4	If there's 4 and a half star rating I would go for it! because it's almost perfect getaway for relaxation and get along for couples who is having a complicated relationship. i am looking for a getaway like renting a cabin room in the middle of the forest since I want to be out of the city, enjoy the fresh air, cold breeze of the trees to take away your stress and relax your body, mind and soul. but it was so expensive. then fortunately I found this inn eagle at the fountain hills which is a great substitute for the expensive cabin rooms out there. staff are really nice, room is very clean, they even have a jetted tub and shower room inside the bathroom with a robe. there also a table outside your hotel room where you can enjoy the view at daytime and night time. they even have their own massage therapist. the only thing they don't have much here are restaurants around the place. but aside from that, it was really a almost perfect getaway for couples. We would definitely go back there again to relax and pamper ourselves.:)
5	I decided to do an overnight staycation at Inn at Eagle Mountain, and was very happy. The location is nestled in the mountains near gorgeous green golf courses (if only I golfed, that would have been a big plus), desert views, and a panoramic view Phoenix and surrounding areas that was peaceful and beautiful. The location of where this is located is very private. I definitely enjoyed that peaceful atmosphere. Staff was extremely helpful and nice, helping me in determining where to eat on 4th of July, offering suggestions of locations with views and calling a restaurant to make sure they would be open if I ventured out there. , There is a grocery store up the road, along with a little bistro that had great views (thanks to the suggestion of the front desk person Teri). Parking was not an issue, and at no charge which is sometimes an extra way hotels can tack on additional charges.  My room was filled with a calm and lovely view. Plenty of room to spread out with a desk, a sofa, a fireplace, and a cushioned window seat next to fireplace. Free wifi - sometimes the connection was not the best but that is more due to the location than the hotel itself. Best of all - the bathtub. The bathtub was an amazing way to relax and unwind. The king sized bed was comfy, and waking up to that view was an amazing way to start my day. All in all, this hotel was quite a treat, I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
3	Did the staycation thing here with my beau September '13. Great views. Rooms could be updated, but was nice overall. The front desk lady was luke warm. NO restaurant/bar or really anything to do but swim & golf. We watched the sunrise. Very peaceful.
1	Quite disappointed!!!  The front desk asked me why I was checking in "so late", it was 9:15pm. "free wifi" that I was not able to access in my suite.  When given directions to my room, I was told to "just follow the map". Yes, the map was decent but not really the attitude to have. The "suite" was less than what I would have expected. This is at a Nice Golf Club, which I would think many people want to relax at the end of the night by watching a little TV I. Their room. Obviously, the designer of the room felt completely different. I had to sit in a small chair in the bedroom or lay on a small couch in the living room to watch TV. Never once did I see a channel guide, I guess they want you to have fun guessing what would be next. The remotes died after about 5 minutes of having the TV on. I could go on, but you get the drift. I'll take my chances with the Quality Inn it head down to the Courtyard, at least they know what they are doing.
