5	Did this in Vegas because it was the #1 thing to do in trip advisor and it was a great time!!! not only did we get to drive these little cars in city streets but we also got to do it driving up the beautful view of the dessert even stopped for a little hiking i recommend it if this is your sort of thing :0)
5	The guys that work for Scoot City could not have been more accommodating or friendly. We were picked up at our hotel and driven to the starting parking lot. We received clear instructions on both the CUTE little cars and the route we would be driving. We got a great overview of Red Rock Canyon and return transportation to the hotel. This is not an opportunity to fully explore the canyon - but a fabulous way to check it out. Curtis is VERY familiar with the canyon and gave us pointers for a return visit and more hiking. I am looking forward to checking out the Sedona operation!
5	We had a group of five and had an amazing time. The scenery was beautiful and the guides were a blast. Worth what you pay for it.
5	at $125 for the car with the groupon, I went in hoping that it would be money well spent.  it was.  we started out at a parking lot in a storage area about 10 miles away from the strip.  we each got into our scoot cars and had the orientation, and off we went toward the red rock park!  but first, we had to drive through a little bit of the city area to get to the park.  driving on the street in the scooter was pretty cool.  we shared the road with the regular cars, and the tour guides blocked off the lanes so we could make safe turns.  after about 10 minutes, we got to the park area.  the park was really beautiful and being in a scooter was definitely a great way to enjoy it.  we drove for about two hours in the park, stopping at two or three stops to hike and look around.  we left the park around sunset time, which allowed us to see the sunset.  A note if you're going in the winter:  it gets COLD in the scoot because of the wind, so wear your warm clothes.  the guides have loaner sweaters/gloves/beanies which is helpful, but it's warmer having your own. as a side note, I decided to drive to the starting point on my own since I had a car already.  I was able to get some groceries at a normal safeway-sized supermarket across the street at reasonable prices later, which you can't really find on or near the strip.
5	My friends and I all went and agree that is the most fun you can have in Vegas with your clothes on! LOL It was freezing and although we were told to dress warm it wasn't warm enough. These guys had blankets and gloves and hats to loan all of us. Very personable and so nice! We loved this and would do it again in a heartbeat!
5	My husband and I experienced the tour in September 2010 while on our honeymoon and we had a blast! It was pretty cool driving on the actual roadway. The drive up Red Rock Canyon was awesome, and the little visitor's center was great. The tour guides were very friendly and very clear with their instructions. We rented one car and one of us drove to the destination, and then when we headed back the other drove, so we both got to experience driving those very unique cars!
5	We thought this was a very fun way to get an introduction to Red Rock Canyon and get ideas for future ventures, and we were right!  The reservation process was very easy and smooth - I called because of a question and got immediate attention.  Driving around in the scooters was really fun - I can see why people buy the big 3 wheel motorcycles now.  It took awhile to get to the park and we made several stops and will be going back for some hiking.  Shawn was our guide and he was great - very personable and professional, and always making sure we were all doing okay.  I would definitely recommend this tour!
5	My husband and I had scheduled this tour Friday morning and we were picked up by the shuttle bus they provided us. We had a awesome time! Our tour guides were very knowledgeable about how handle the scooter and history of the red canyon.  volunteered to take our photos for us at every stop. Even gave us a heads up the last stop at the gas station if we needed to but stuff it would be cheaper to buy there than on the strip. We bought snacks and drinks to take back to the hotel. We enjoyed our self's very much. We would totally recommend anyone in town in Vegas to try them out. Look out for a groupon totally discounted! I really don't know why people would give them 1star, but 5 star plus!!! Please remember to tip your guides!!!!
5	Had A Great Time! The 3-wheelers were a lot of Fun!  Beautiful scenery! We took the 8 am tour and that was a wise choose since it was 105 at 1pm. Tour guides were informative, fun and safe! Get the groupon for 1/2 price, well worth it!
5	Recommend to tourists and locals.  Great scenery and picture opportunities.  Sean and Chris are great tour guides!  DEFINITELY an experience.
5	If you are heading to Vegas i highly recommend this tour. we had a great experience with Scoot city tours we had did the red rock canyon morning tour. From speaking to John on the phone who helped me make reservation. To being picked up on time in the morning at the hotel. We arrived at the warehouse to pick up the scooter were we taught how to use the scooter. We then were told how we would go to Red Rock canyon.  Everything went smoothly and  enjoyed our tour. the scenery was breath taking . Sean and Chris  were very informative and always willing to take pictures at each stop as well as very informative of the red rock canyons. Great scenery and not too hot. I would highly recommend the morning trip as it is not hot at all. Highly recommend to everyone.
5	We had an AWESOME time. My husband and I went on the Red Rock Canyon tour with two guides and 5 other scooter cars (total car count 8). Hubby drove the whole time, and thoroughly enjoyed barreling down the curves of the canyon road. They give you ample time to wander around at each stopping point to (in our case) take lots of photos, and supply you with water if you're going in the warmer months. Our 1pm tour thankfully happened on a 90-degree day, not a 100 degree day scorcher.We frequent Vegas and have already planned to do the tour again. If you are a thrill seeker, you will love driving on the roads... it's a lot like being on a motorcycle, except you don't need a license!P.S. Bring a bandana to cover your nose and mouth, and wear sunscreen! Hubby went so fast I had trouble catching my breath, and the bandana made it possible for me to breathe better when we were going 40+ mph. It's an open top vehicle, kids! Sunglasses are also a MUST for the driver; hubby didn't have any, and they were kind enough to loan us a pair for the tour.
5	Did the Red Rock Canyon tour -- and it was the second most fun I had in Vegas. First was the Penn & Teller show. The guides take good care of you, the cars are fun and the views are spectacular -- especially if you're not from the region and don't get to see this kind of landscape much. Way better than just taking your own car out. Also, I was a little worried about safety - but once we got on the road, I got comfortable pretty fast and the guides do a good job of guarding the convoy of little cars with guide cars in both the front and back.
5	I saw a Groupon deal and excellent reviews on TripAdvisor.Just like a lot of other reviews says, we had a lot of fun driving a scooter and also looking at beautiful scenery. Our friends from Korea came with us, they totally loved it and haven't stop talking about it  ever since. They said many of their friends have visited the U.S. and none of their friends have had this special experience. My friend gave me tremendous credit for finding this activity.
4	We had a great time-despite freezing our asses off.  We had a groupon and had no trouble using it.  they honored it fully, and i thought there service was the same for everyone in our group, whether they had a groupon or not.  we gave them a $20 tip. and i hope that was fair (there's no protocol on how much to tip, is there?  where is it?) The only thing i wonder, is about this western town that we didn't see.  is it because the winter daylight hours are too short, or because they find people really want to spend more time taking pictures of the scenery?  hmmm....they're supposed to be getting going in sedona, which is on our list of places to visit.  i'm looking forward to using their scooter tour there too.
5	Like Tori, we were freezing our @$$es off too during a 1PM tour in January.  I was quite shocked at how cold it was but Scoot City Tours did plan accordingly and had plenty of blankets available along with some gloves; they think ahead!  My fiancee actually needed two blankets and they were gracious in providing it to her.   While you can view Red Rock Canyons on your own, Scoot City Tours is a unique and fascinating way to see it from a different perspective.  And how could you not enjoy checking out these canyons from Scoot City's little colored cars which turns everybody's heads on the roadways?  There were just the right amount of stops at various viewpoints, opportunities for pictures, and stopping by the visitor center.  Even when we were on the streets and freeways with other full sized vehicles, our two Scoot City tour guides (Curtis and his colleague) were very attentetive to safety for the entire caravan of Scoot City cars.  Amazing experience all around and they definitely deserve their tip.  Regarding pickups, it went completely smoothly and they were very ontime  to our Trump International Hotel pickup location.
5	Had a Groupon deal for it and all I can say is, "ONE OF THE BEST TIMES OF MY LIFE!!!"The tour took us through the Red Rock Canyon and the sceneries were breathtaking! We went in January so it was 30 degrees out and when we rolled through the valley of the canyon the temperature dipped to 20-25 degrees. It was very chilly. The 2 tour guides were AWESOME. They emphasized safety first. The scooter-cars are very easy to handle and after a few minutes of riding, you'll feel like a pro at it.Do not leave Las Vegas without checking out Scoot City!!! You will not be disappointed!
5	Awesome, fun adventure. had friends come to town so wanted to do something a little different. we met the tour at a mini storage sort of off town center (by the smiths grocery) sorry cant remember name of the road. they also run a couple pickup vans where i understand they will pick you up from almost anywhere on the strip or downtown. we all mounted our little three wheel steeds and after a safety/operational briefing, off to red rock we went. the little guys do about 20-25 on the flat but i did get over 30 on the downhill. Our guides were great fun, friendly and watched out for everyone's safety. this is important since we were driving a craft the size of a bathtub out in traffic. which brings me to the Lamborghini, i think i could have taken him across the light but since we had to stay in line we will never know. okay, this is the way to see red rock canyon. just driving through in a car doesn't cut it. having the sun in your face and the wind in your hair (or on your extended forehead)  is the only way to go. Bring sunscreen and lip balm, they may come in handy. they stop several times you you can get out and explore a bit. we changed drivers so wifey could have a shot at the fun. they offer water and info about the places we stop.Great way to spend an afternoon. we had good guides, fun group and of course we are always down for a little fun ourselves. Highly recommended, watch groupon for deals or if you have a group, see what they will do for you. may want to avoid dead of winter or peak of summer since the cars don't have heaters or a/c. Be adventurous and you too can be part of the psychedelic Skittle parade to and thru the canyon.
5	I obviously only reserve reviews now for things I really LOVE or reallllly hate. This was something I think everyone should experience!!Such a fun way to see Vegas! Was one of the most memorable and a highlight of our trip (this topped Mystere & Grand Canyon!). We were envied by other tourists taking boring van tours as they saw us zipping through the Canyon!
5	The best thing to do!  Loved it would do it again . Loved our tour guy.
4	We purchased a Groupon, this was such a fun way to get off of the strip and see a part of Vegas we would normally miss.  The Red Rocks were beautiful and our guide was funny and informative.Because of the price I don't think I would have done it without the Groupon, but with the Groupon I think the price is fair.
5	This is the best way to see red rock...guided tour thru the beautiful red rock while enjoying the scenery.  There are stops along the way to take pictures, hike alittle, and back on the scooters for some fun driving or hanging out as a passenger.  There are about 5 stops so you can switch drivers which is nice so both of you can enjoy driving the scooters.  Johnny and Todd were awesome guides.  Please note that each guide should get a minimum of 15% or higher tip on the full value of the tour per person, so don't be cheap...they really deserve it.
5	Glad Groupon introduced us to Scoot City! I would love to spend an hour or two hiking (but not my husband, so this made us both happy), but we had about 20 mins. That was a highlight of the trip besides the great motor cars.Todd, Cody and the people in our group made it even more fun. They picked us up right at our hotel and told great stories. I would have eliminated one stop except for the fact that when we stopped they showed us things and were such fun guys that I didn't mind.They gave us sunglasses and blankets and we needed both - it was cold and windy but still fun. They also had water but you could bring your own too. People took pictures of us and gawked as we sped by almost like we were a tourist attraction. The best part is we zipped along in the bike lane on regular roads on the way to the canyon. IF YOU GO:WEAR SUNSCREEN. Even if it is cold.BRING SNACKS. The stop at the visitor's center has hardly anything to eat. It's 5 hours long. We ate a big breakfast before and got back in time for dinner. You will probably get hungry. BRING SUNGLASSES. They have a pair for you if you forget but it's nice to have your own. If it's not summer bring layers. It was the beginning of April. I wore a jacket and scarf plus we had the blanket they gave us. Any less than that and I would've been too cold in the shade.I'd love to do a tour like this in Southern Utah. I think the scenery would be even more beautiful. Still, I'd do this tour again and recommend it.
5	Awesome!!!!!!  Holy cow I'm so glad we saw the groupon for this tour. I would do it again and pay full price. Cody was on of our guides and he was super cool. Very laid back and easy to talk to. One of the cars broke down and they handled it quickly. This is a great change of pace from the excitement on the strip. Tips:Wear sunglasses Use sunscreen ( I got burned pretty good )A light jacket is not a bad idea.
5	This review is for the Red Rock Canyon tour...I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to take a quick trip off the strip for half a day! It does seem a bit pricey, but look out for those Groupon deals that everyone is talking about. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to take advantage of the Groupon deal when I went to Vegas, but I don't regret spending this money either!We took the morning tour, which was perfect because we got back to our hotel just in time for lunch and still had the rest of the day to explore the strip. We got picked up at our hotel around 7:40 for the 8:00 tour. Once we got to the home base (where the scoot cars are) we got a quick tutorial on how to drive the cars and then off we went! We started off on residential streets until we got to Red Rock Canyon. It was pretty interesting driving on the residential streets, especially when you are tiny compared to the regular-sized cars. We also took over the bike lane most of the time unless there were bikers in there. Since the cars are open tops, make sure to wear sunglasses because it does get quite windy. They will provide you with sunglasses if you forget. They will also provide you with water. I just got back from Vegas and the temperature was perfect for the drive. It was a little chilly at first (wore a light jacket), but then got warm once the sun fully came out. (Make sure you put sunscreen on!) Every stop was also well-timed. We got just enough time at each stop to explore the area and take all the pictures we needed. The guides were also very friendly and helpful with picture-taking too. Once again, I would highly recommend this tour! I don't know if I would do the Vegas strip tour, but I would definitely consider it if another Groupon deal comes up whenever I make my next trip to Vegas!
4	Had a fun and easy experience riding with tour guides, Todd and Cody. This is a gteat way to take in the Red Rock Canyon sights for out-of-towners. We got picked up and dropped off at the hotel. They had sunglasses, blankets (it gets cold riding around the desert in the morning), water and who knows what else. They thought of everything. I only wish the tour was longer with more time to hike a little more.
5	So glad I came across the Groupon deal for the Scoot City Red Rock Canyon tour.  It was a lot of fun.  Todd was hilarious he shared lots of stories during the pick up from the strip.  He surely kept us entertained the whole trip.  It was a Friday so it wasn't too busy, there were three scooters including mine.  It was so much fun driving the scooter.  And it was a great way to explore the Canyon.  Will definitely do it again next time we go back.
5	This was awesome! It is so easy to drive the cars and the scenery was fantastic! The guide was great and we will so do this again when we are in vegas!If your bald - take a hat! You can burn fast in that sun.
5	Cody was our guide for the Red Rock Canyon Tour. O M G!!! We had soooo much fun!!! It was such a blast! Riding in these scooter cars made us feel like giddy little kids. When we first started off, I could not stop laughing because it was the funniest thing EVER. It was a great feeling having the wind rush through your hair. Now I know how a dog feels like when they stick their head out of the window of a moving vehicle! It's no wonder why it looks like they have an ear-to-ear smile on their face. I can tell you that I certainly had one! Thanks for an awesome time in Vegas. We never knew the beauty of Red Rock Canyon until we explored it with you. We're looking forward to going back to explore some more. Try it; you'll love it!
5	Best tour in Las Vegas hands down. Don't pass this one up! Guide's are the best. Red Rock couldn't be more gorgeous. We recommend scoot city tours to everyone visiting Las Vegas.
4	This tour was one of the highlights of our trip. The cars are incredibly fun to drive and the canyon is beautiful. They take you to three different sites to stop and take pictures. Only one of the sites was really suited for exploring. I would have liked going to another site where we could walk around on rocks more, or just more time in general to hike. The day we went it was raining a little, so they didn't give us very much time at some of the stops, and I felt kind of rushed because of this. I understand they basically never get rain, but it was only a little drizzle, and we were on an adventurous tour. Otherwise, the tour guides are great. They provide you with gloves, blankets, and water.
