4	Ok, I cannot seem to find a friggin laptop cord that will charge my 5 year old laptop (I know, I know, that's like 10 trillion years in technology years, I must be some cheap ass fruit for not throwing this one into the heap at the dump and conforming to mass consumerism. I am an idiot who does not deserve to find a replacement power cord. But I digress...).So, after determining that I would only find universal crappy cords that would not work on eBay, Hubby and I decided to bite the bullet and... actually drive to a store... and buy one- just like we used to in the good 'ol days.This Radioshack is very near to our house so we swung in. Much to my surprise, there were 2 very helpful women working the floor. They even opened packages and attempted to charge the laptop while we were there. We wound up spending $108 (on a stupid cord which we later found out  powers the laptop but doesn't actually seem to charge it, so I guess it will be going back) and walked out decently happy.So, even though overpriced and not perfect, I guess technically we got what we needed and the service was pretty good. On a side note, I am only giving the overall experience 4 stars- for some reason every experience I have ever had with a Radioshack indicates that it attracts douches (I hope this isn't a reflection on me going there). There was a total jerk customer who was jerky to my little boy and kept saying stupid things like "WOW, this is a LOT of batteries for $9.99, what would I even DO with ALL these batteries??". Yes, jerk, it is a good deal. Don't buy them if you don't need them. And a weird guy with a boy who seemed be trying super hard to seem super smart and know-it-all-ish. Great, I don't need to know that your dumb parents saw fit to give you a cell phone at the ripe old age of 9 or that you understand blue tooth technology. Anyway, its not Radioshack's fault that they have moronic customers, but it is a tribute to their outdated marketing, store displays and organization, and somewhat lame variety of slim pickins cell phones and remote control Tonka Trucks. If they would just try a bit harder to join this century instead of making time stand still they would probably do better.But what do I know, this is all just my opinion. Anyone know where a loser can get a functioning power cord for a 10 trillion year old Gateway laptop?
2	As with any other RadioShack, I can never find what I'm looking for. This place's employees don't even know anything about electronics. Surprises they're still open.
1	I started to tell a story of my experience- but won't waste my time.  Employees are rude, unpleasant, and I will never come back to this store.  I felt unwelcome. I walked into the store in a great mood.  Came out with a scowl and couldn't wait to hit yelp!!!!
5	Last minute we decided to go camping; however, I needed to do a little computer work...which meant I needed power. Radio Shack is always my 'go to place' for these types of needs and I swung into this one because it was close to the dog sitters. The manager could obviously see I was in a hurry, so I told him I needed a car charger for the laptop Within 2 minutes he found the charger, rung me up and out the door I went! And while he had no control over it, it was on sale! I love it when the staff knows the product and can read the situation!
4	always can find the item I need here
