1	I visited this dentist four years ago and I thought his staff and assistants were bitchy. I went for a cleaning, nothing more. I paid whatever my co-pay was that my insurance didn't cover and thought that was that. Six months later I get a bill for $75. Thinking there must be some issue, I call and dispute the charge. I was told there were some services my insurance didn't cover...for a cleaning. I told them that I only had a cleaning and based on the info I had from my provider, I paid what I owed. I never heard back on the matter. Now, four years later I am living in LA and get a bill $296 for a previous balance from two months ago. I called to dispute the bill and now they are threatening to send the matter to collections. What a scam. I wonder if I'm the only person this is happening to.
5	Love the Dentist! He made the whole experience fun. Great Guy! Recommend  him to any one!
5	I traveled from Iowa to go see Dr. Steinberg. Michael made me feel comfortable and did a great job on my teeth. Next time im in AZ im going to make sure to go again.
5	Great service.  They were able to magically make a same-day root canal happen for me the day before I was to travel.  Probably just luck, but they DID IT!  Good follow-up to get a crown done.  Very happy with the service.
5	Dr. Steinberg is extroidinary in his dental work. He very conscious of not wanting his patient  to suffer any discomfort, and seems to accomplish his work, pain free.He is available almost 24/7 , and is very kind about coming to the office on weekends.Judy A.
5	Dr. Steinberg is an awesome family dentist. I feel super comfortable going to him, and I refer him to all my friends. My whole family goes to Dr. Steinberg. Thanks for keeping our teeth healthy!!
5	Safe to say that I enjoy going to the dentist!   Whether you are coming into his office for a cleaning or more extensive work, Dr. Steinberg and his staff make you feel very comfortable.  One of the most important things he and his staff offer (in addition to their dental expertise) is respect -- respect for the patients time.  In the four+ years I have been seeing Dr. Steinberg, I don't remember waiting more than a few minutes in the waiting room before being show back to a exam room.  Once in the exam room, you are attended to right away and your cleaning or procedure is done exceptionally well and done efficiently.  I was just there this week and was in and out in 45 minutes for my semi-annual cleaning.Lastly, I would say the Dr. Steinberg doesn't recommend a procedure to you unless you really are in need of it.  For those reasons and more, I highly recommend Dr. Steinberg for all of your dental needs.
5	Very cool and personable staff. They smile and you can see they have teeth. Lisa the hygienist is awesome, friendly, knowledgeable and makes it a very comfortable. Dr Steinberg treats me like a regular guy and was very conscious about making me comfortable and limit the pain. Even apologizes every time I winced. State of the art equipment. I've never seen my teeth in HD.
