3	Get here early. That's my sage advice. For I don't know if it is always like it was on the night I was here- but there was a packed parking lot and a line that stretched all along the sidewalk. And this place has only been open for 4 days!Maybe it was because the Iowa game was on (and this is an Iowa bar like it's sister location down the street.)  Maybe it was because it is new. Or maybe people in this part of town don't have a lot of options.  But whatever the reason . . . . .this place was packed.  Inside and out.If you have been to any of the Sandbar locations, you will recognize all the signature signs- the colored lights strewn about, the beer specials, the sand underfoot, it's all there.  Couple that with harried servers just trying their best to keep up and you have a typical night at the Sandbar.  Service is pretty non existent so just squeeze up to the bar and shout out your order before some drunk kid yells something in your ear!On this night- the crowd was a little young for my taste (the game may have influenced that) and the frat boy syndrome was in full swing!  If you can grab a table, the people watching is quite interesting just watch that you don't get beer spilled on you.Don't get me wrong.  It's nice to have another option in this part of town.   I just wish the "grown ups" had found it before all the kids did!
1	Ugh, we were so excited to try this new location.  We went today for happy hour.  The food was awful, I bit into a taquito and I got a mouthful of greasy beef chunk.  I had to spit it out and put it to the side.  I couldn't take another bite.  The guacamole looked and tasted like out of a bag.  Even the premium margarita was not good.  I was so disappointed since they are close to our home.  Won't be coming back, ever.
5	Love the new Sandbar at Desert Ridge!  The patio is so inviting, and a place like this is much needed in this area.  I'm pretty sure that this will be my new spot for strawberry margaritas during happy hour.  We came for opening night and tried the guacamole and mussels.  It was insanely busy, but I couldn't believe how quickly our order came out, considering it was their first night open and how many people were there! The guacamole was great- I'm very picky about my guacamole, at some restaurants it gets a stale taste to it.  At Sandbar, however, it was fresh and nicely prepared.  The mussels were phenomenal.  I've always been more of an oyster gal myself; mussels always seem to come out a little too fishy for my taste.  However, ours came out very well.  Overall, we had a blast.  FINALLY, a great place in the Desert Ridge area! Kudos!
3	The patio here is the key and it is much larger than the original location in central Scottsdale. The crowd is definitely younger - at least on Friday after midnight it was. I have a feeling this would be a great place to watch a game and day-drink.
3	Went for lunch, and surprice, one of the better Carne Asadas I've had in Phoenix!I can see where this place my get crazy at night, but it was a good lunch locale!Not a must-visit, but a place I will go again.
2	Before coming to the Sandbar, I had read up on some of the other Yelp reviews and thought, "Okay, I'm going to give this place a chance!"So I went with my family, my mom, dad, sister and brother. We were seated pretty quickly and had our drink orders taken. Which was probably the only good thing that really happened during our visit.We ordered a plate of wings to start us off before we ordered the rest of our meal. Our wings came in pretty fast, but we didn't have any plates or napkins on our table, and our waitress was no where to be seen. So we just started eating and had TWO wet-nap packets to clean our hands. Ugh.We ordered a ton of food, a chicken burrito, a combo ceviche, Shrimp tacos, nachos, fried calamari and mussels.My mom didn't like the burrito too much, and said for the price, she could've gotten 2 better tasting burritos at Humberto's.I really liked the Calamari plate, but the breading around the Calamari was soggy. It made me sad because it really did taste good!The nachos were good, the mussels were okay... A bit too salty even for my tastes. My sister wolfed down her tacos with no complaints and my dad was pretty meh to all the plates we ordered but ate all of them anyway. My margarita was sub-par, for 8 dollars I could make a better one at home, but I'm lazy so I ordered one anyway to maybe challenge all the nay sayers here on Yelp... But that was a futile battle.Our Waitress disappeared for long intervals of time and it wasn't as busy as it would be during a weekend. If you have money and like to drink, this is the place for you, don't come here expecting 5-star service for a restaurant experience, a bar is still a bar, even if they have food.Probably never gonna come back here unless someone is treating.
1	No Thanks! Happy Hour specials are not that great, and definitely not worth waiting a long time while sitting at the bar and there are 5 bartenders fiddling their thumbs.Definitely not good to have 3 bartenders in an hour period and then when tabbing out the 3rd bartender cops an attitude b/c we cant remember if we already paid for one or two of our drinks, considering we were asked to tab out 10 mins into our 1st drink! Food is less than average, WHERE is the flavor??? The staff seemed completed LOST! No thanks!
3	Having driven by numerous times when it was totally packed, I decided to try Sandbar in North Phoenix.On a Monday night it wasn't that crowded.Their Happy Hour deals are pretty good...half off on all appetizers.  The peel-and-eat shrimp was only o.k., but the carne asada nachos were really good.  Beers on tap -- no Negra Modelo, but they do have Alaskan Amber and Blue Moon -- are $3 during HH.The bartender was annoyingly friendly ("Hi I'm Alan" while reaching out to shake my hand), but the service was responsive.I expected the worst and this was definitely better than that.  I didn't see the douche factor I expected, but I'm holding out judgement until I show up on a night where it's standing room only.
4	Came here Friday night, it was packed with lots of good looking peeps.  No cover (NICE!) and we ordered a sampler appetizer and the food was pretty good.  The white sauce on the nachos were awesome and we had several drinks throughout the night.  It was lots of fun and the bill was not surprising for a bar like this.  I would definitely go back, the outdoor part was great for the weather we have here in November.  The atmosphere is great, cant remember much now that I had 2 shots and about 4 drinks before I had to get a ride home.
3	Bar area has nice seating outside (with heaters and real sand). It has much more ambience than inside the restaurant. When we sat down outside I wasn't too sure about the service. Had to wait about 10 minutes for someone to come by our table and no one was sure who our waitress was but things quickly improved. Fun happy hour from 3 to 7 with all appetizers 1/2 price and drink specials. We had 2 orders of  the queso dip we liked it so much. Shrimp tacos are unique and a "must try". Maybe a little younger crowd but fun for all ages.
3	2.5 Stars as it is a pretty terrible place however their food is better than most bars and it popped up in a location that is in desperate need of things to do at night.Due to the last attribute I mentioned and the fact that it is still relatively new, it is packed Thurs-Sun. Legitimately packed. Like with a line to get in. To SANDBAR!!! Not to be overly judgmental, but if my weekend's turn into me waiting in line to get into a freakin Sandbar, just kill me. Seriously. There is also a VIP line complete with girl holding a clipboard to bless the lucky few who want to wait 20 min for a beer in their Cabana rather than 20 minutes to get a beer at a bar table like the rest of us. That's right, I said a VIP line for SANDBAR!!!The outside chairs are super uncomfortable, the service is SLOW and for whatever reason it seems like every single patron smokes which seriously grosses me out and makes me ill, but hey, on the off days when I can guarantee myself a seat at a booth inside, I might stop in for a beer, some grub and a ballgame...maybe.
3	while the service we had was good (the girl brought refills quickly and took our order correctly and quickly) and the environment wasn't bad. The patio had a very nice fire pit that was warm and toasty for a cold night. the food, on the other hand, wasn't much to write home about. the chimichanga was bland (needed salsa to kick it up a bit) and the guac was something i could get in any store ( if it weren't for the chunks of avocado, i would have thought it was a mix made with sour cream and a powder) and the chocolate chimis for dessert weren't that great, even with the cinnamon. i didn't go during happy hour, so i can't advise you on that, but the drinks my father had seemed to do the trick. all in all, its just ok. will it feed you decent food, yeah.will the service be good, yeah. but if you are looking for authentic mexican, don't come here. or if you want spicy food.
3	Yes there is sand and yes its a bar, nothing great.. wait.. what.. ahi tacos with jicama tortillas... yeah thats right..... listen up!Its just like any ole mexican/ cantina/ whatever bar..except... this is the only reason i am writing this... I was super interested in the ahi tacos with a jicama tortilla. what is this you say? they use thinly sliced pieces of jicama instead of a tortilla!! I watch my carbs so this was a famtastic option but the taste was incredible!! I cannot wait to go back!!!!
1	Sandbar was just an overall disappointing dining experience.I usually don't complain about the long wait.  In this case, 45 minutes.  However, it was the reason for the long wait.  You see, in my party, we have someone in a wheelchair.  Apparently, all the "handicapped-friendly" tables were in the back where it was occupied for a private party.  You mean, you rather have all the handicapped people in the back...hidden away?!?!?!  A wise manager would have had those tables scattered throughout the restaurant.And the manager did feel bad.  Offered us a nearby corner table with steps to get there.  Oh Lord!  Do people not think?!?!?!  Like those people who offer menus in Braille to Deaf people.  Hell-o!Finally, we get there!  Awesome...an interactive table!  You could check out the menus, play games, and even check Facebook on there.  Except...it didn't work.  What's the point?!?!?!Chips and salsa were bland.  It was "$2 a Taco Night".  Uhm...sometimes simple is best.  These tacos tried to overwhelm you with so many different ingridents and they just turn out to be a mess.  Stick with simplicity, honey.The only cool thing about this place was this huge overhang light that was covered with Dos Equus bottles.
3	Went here with the hubbers to try it out.  It wasn't amazing but it was good.  The prices are fair but the food is not traditional Mexican food.  I ordered the cheese enchiladas which came topped with a sweeter/spicier version of enchilada sauce, really it looked like mole.  But it was good.  The hubs got a chicken burrito which was tasty but not as large of a serving as you expect with mexican food.  The atmosphere is great if you're into sports- seems like a great place to get some chips and salsa and watch a game.We'll probably give it another shot- it just didn't satisfy my Mexican food craving.
4	Taco Tuesdays! Yeah!!!  Baja, Carne Asada & more -- for $2 a pop -- oh yeah!  It's probably the only time I'll attend since I can't be hanging with the drunk crowd anymore.  Place was pretty slow for a lunch hour, but I gather it's more for the bar/pick-up/rowdy/sport -- let's dress like hooches place; but I can dig :)  I really enjoyed the hugh panoramic wall mural in the back, think I can sit here for hours having a drink to two (margaritas of course)  Our service was very good.  Nothing like a friendly smile with my tacos - :)  Enjoy!
3	Crazy packed. It is the hip and cool bar right now... Drink prices are ok.
5	We have always loved the Sand Bar. It's great. We love the sand on the large outdoor seating area & the colorful lights hanging overhead. The place is so casual. I like taking my shoes off & walking in the sand :-) Their food has always been good. There is always a great crowd of customers there. We went to the new one at Desert Ridge...I like it much better than the location near Shea (they moved). It's like a little vacation to the beach just down the street :-)
2	Just finished my chicken enchiladas with the green sauce. Ive  eaten here a few times now and am not impressed. The chicken was dry and the green sauce was almost non existent.  The portions were small for a Mexican place. They have a dj on Sundays and this guy might have been the worst.
3	Went here with a some friends for drinks around happy hour time. With the weather being really nice out, we liked the open restaurant concept--we could feel the cool breeze coming inside. I found myself watching the last bits of a nba game.. on one of 30 flat panel screens! Each table inside had a great view to nearby tv. I would love to come back for football games! We ordered off happy hour menu--$5 margs and $3 draft beers. We also had some chips and guac. The bucket of chips they plumped down was huge and the guac had nice big chunks of avocado. Between the 3 of us, we didn't feel hungry enough to order dinner after! After 9 or 10 this place turns into full on bar and sometimes there is a cover for guys. That's probably the only knock I have..
5	Great place. Big thumbs up... I had the carne asada faijtas and they where the best I have ever had. The atmosphere was great, really relaxing yet hip at the same time. The cheap drink specials, great servers,  good music, and great food will keep me coming to the sandbar.
4	I have only been to the Scottsdale location so when a girlfriend suggested the Desert Ridge location for our Girls Night I said why not?! On Saturday morning I spoke to an acquaintance on Facebook about getting a cabana & got it all set up. Fast forward to later that night around 11pm when me & a couple of my girlfriends finally show up. There's a line of course, (Cinco de Mayo weekend & some band was playing) but I let them know I had a cabana reserved under my name so we got to bypass the line & didn't have to pay cover either. We get to the cabana & there are about 12 girls already there. I didn't know about half of them but whatev! Our server (never got her name) was sweet but very shy/quiet & sometimes reallllllly slow about getting us our drink orders & when we wanted to cash out. It was so packed that night & there were so many douche bags running around, that I was pretty much confined to our cabana. Thankfully my girls can keep me entertained because I had a great time! I ordered vodka cranberries all night which seemed weak at first, until I started ordering doubles. Needless to say I got pretty drunk after my 4th drink. Since we booked a cabana our group had to spend a combined total of $450, my bill came out to $63 & I left her $85. I just hope the other bitches in my group tipped her well also! Btw, I put my debit card down to start my tab but when I closed out I paid with cash. I checked my bank account online today & it showed a charge for Sandbar pending. I called them to see why it was still there & they said it should be gone within the next 3 days. Kind of annoying but understandable & just an FYI to anyone else who puts a card down but pays in cash. Any way, a lot of my friends like it here so I'm sure I'll be back eventually!
2	Went there to meet a gal pal for some drinks/appetizers.  LOVED the atmosphere and decor.  I'd only been here awhile back w/work folks for lunch.  Unfortunately, I remembered they charge for chips/salsa.  Don't like that.  Waiter said something about...well people come in here and drink beer & eat chips and that's it.  Well,,,who the %@#$ cares!  At least they come in!  The nachos/margaritas were great.  However, the service was awful.  We had to go to the bar to get another drink and the order took 4ever.  During the last 1/2 hour, the waiter deposited the chips.  The waiter also should never have been a waiter as he had no social skills in that department.  I won't be going back there again anytime soon unless someone else is paying!!
4	Other than going there with a meetup group and slipping out of my shoes due to the sand there, I liked this place.  Service is really slooooow, but the waitresses are nice.  Ordered some calamari which had some hot saucy jelly looking blob for a dip that I hated, but the nachos with fajitas were really great!  And what a HUGE serving you got.  Gobbled them all down as I was rabidly hungry.I'm sure that impressed the guys in my group, eh?Anyway, since I'm a geezer, I get the impression this is a 30 y.o. hangout; however, it was still alot of fun.  We sat on an elevated platform that was covered and really enjoyed our day there.I'd definitely go back to Sandbar....maybe not by myself since the crowd seems pretty young but with a friend or friends, you bet!Great nachos!  I just had to emphasize that to you...and loaded with white cheese and not skimpy on the fajitas either.  Worth the $10 for sure!
2	Cover was $10($6 for women) to get into the place.  It was a nice set up, didn't realize you could eat there, and I don't think I would want to, it was so loud.  The attire that the bartenders and servers were wearing just seemed out of place.  Hardy meets Guns n'Roses. And the girls with the clip on bows in their hair..what's the point!  Drinks ..not cheap and not that strong.  We went "outside" in the patio area and just got a vodka and 7up and a beer..a Coors beer, it was $14..seriously and for a Coors!  Needless to say, I don't think Sandbar will last.
3	Great margaritas! I recommend the frozen strawberry, or the Chambord margarita on the rocks.Food is your typical mexican bar food, nothing spectacular. Women beware! The sandy floor gets annoying in your shoes! However, it is part of the atmosphere (SAND bar). The lines and waiting at this place are absolutely absurd on the weekends. There is a cover for men after 10pm but women are free. The music is good, the atmosphere fun, but if there ends up being a ridiculous wait, you'll find the exact same thing at San Felipes in Desert Ridge.
3	Food is ok. Nice relaxed atmosphere.
1	I can't stand this place, but seem to end up dragged here for birthday parties. Maybe it's the Saturday night crowd that makes it so awful. I'm not sure, but every time I come I leave pissed off and broke. We usually rent one of the "cabana's", which really isn't worth it because it gets so crowded you end up with a bunch of random people all in your space anyhow. They also grat your check at 50 percent. YEP! Our bill for the 3 of us (yes they did split checks after throwing a fit about it) was $120.00. We had strictly beer and wine. After looking closely, the added on tip was $59.00. We never saw the server again, so we signed and left. I hate it so much here anyhow, I would have payed every last cent in my checking to get the hell out of here. The staff is slow (though they are way overworked) and rude. The bussers and bouncers like to say "get out of my way". (Real nice). I guess it would be fun here if you like getting "totally wasted" with a bunch of less-than 21 year old's trying to hook up and pull some sub par dance moves on the tiny inside dance floor (which you step up to get onto and people are always bailing on the stairs). So I guess if you like watching drunk people falling you should stand here! It's just crowded, messy, rude, and reminds me of Spring Break in college seeing how drunk and obnoxious I could get in Rocky Pointe. No thanks. Next time there is an event here I will try to plan a dinner first and skip out on "all the fun to (NOT) be had" here. Maybe it's better on a slower weeknight, but I honestly don't care to find out.
1	VERY DISAPPOINTING!!!!  This place looked fun and inviting. But as soon as we walked in the hosted was lame and boring didn't really show us to a table she just said find a seat then she went back to reading her book. So we sat on the outside patio surfboard tables. How cool.There was sand all over the patio just like you were on the beach. There's even a little swimming pool. That says NO SWIMMIMG. What fun.. WRONG how the atmosphere is so great then you get a REALLY LAME WAITER. SLOW AND NO PERSANALLITY.FOOD LAME. I would rather have gone to Rubio's or Feliberto's. OVER ALL this place is LAME.I complained to the manager and realized why this place is LAME. It's because the MANAGER is LAME. The best thing about this place is the DECOR.
4	We like the nachos and icy cold beer glasses. Our server, James, was friendly and attentive. This bar has a good vibe with mostly 80's music. A regular stop for us in north Phoenix.
1	Poor service, worse food.
1	Dear Server at the Sandbar,"Yes" is the correct answer to the question"does your guacamole have cilantro in it?"  Your answer "no it totally doesn't", along with the lighting that rendered me unable to see said guacamole, led to me waking up the next day with eyes swelled shut!  Thanks for that.  Also, and this is just a bonus tip, if a customer outright tells you they are allergic to cilantro, you might want to ask the kitchen not to sprinkle it over EVERYTHING ON THE PLATE! You see I, the customer, am blissfully unaware of what the kitchen uses to garnish plates.  You, the server, should not be!  So maybe you could hook a sister up and ask them to leave it off.  I did, after all, tell you I was allergic to it less than 2 minutes ago.  This might help with your tips.With warmest regards, and no bitterness whatsoever,Steph
1	I have been to this Sandbar before but went for happy hour today and got bad service and a bad drink.  It started with the hostess who was bad mouthing another customer and cursing up a storm.  I know it is not a family place, but does that mean she is going to talk about me next?  Now I am in bed sick to my stomach and all I had was a drink, salsa and chips.  I tried calling to talk to a manager and they disconnected me.  Going to stick to Z Tejas or Chipotle for that matter.
3	Last Thursday we went to the new Sand Bar at Desert Ridge.  We found the last two open spots at the bar.  There was a good mix of people - both young and old as well as some left over from happy hour.  I ordered a margarita and asked if they "hand make" them or if they make them from a "mix."  The female bartender replied that she could make it either way.  So, I asked for my margarita to be hand made - non of  that mix crap.  When I tasted it - it was a margarita made from a mix.  Not very good...However - the Sand Bar DID redeem itself when I ordered the Ahi Tacos!  Surprisingly, these by far - are some of the best fish tacos I have ever had!  Seared rare, seasoned with southwest spices, topped with fire roasted Pico de Gallo and guacamole and served on jicama tortillas!  AMAZING!  They are perfect for the hot AZ heat and hit the spot without filling you up!  I will definitely go back there for those tacos!  Also - the bartender - Brandon (I think) was awesome!  He was witty and quick to recommend the tacos and a complimenting beer.  Good crowd, good food, good music as well.  Get there early if you want a table...
4	I came for lunch last week and they have really good specials, not too crowded and good service.  Great place for taco Tuesday or happy hour pretty much any day. Casual chill yet fun vibe early but come a little later for more of a party vibe. Its worth checkin out if your in the area and remember... Tequila makes her clothes fall off.
3	A good friend that I worked with for years was making the move to a new job so a group of us went out to celebrate at the Sandbar in Desert Ridge this past Thursday night. We all met up around 5pm in time for some happy hour drinks and appetizers. Decent beer selection and your typical Mexican food options. The atmosphere is supposed to make you feel like you're in Mexico on the beach drinkin' with your buddies, and it pretty much delivers. It's a good place to go for a casual relaxed hangs with people after work, but as the late night crowd starts to roll in it becomes more like your typical club with loud music and more tipsy patrons. Fun place to go on occasion, but the service was mediocre with several people in our party opting to go to the bar to get drinks because our server was absent and slow.
4	So you don't want to go to Old Town on a Friday night? Then Sandbar is for you. Dip you toes in the sand and dance the night away to the beats of that song you don't remember the words to, but feel compelled to attempt to sing. I don't think there is a better atmosphere in North Phoenix on a Friday or Saturday night, but if you cannot take part in the late night fun stop in for their extended happy hour from 3-7 every day and get some chips and homemade guacamole and a chamboard margarita to convince you to stay after sundown.
4	I went here for the first time for a work happy hour and it was pretty decent.  As someone that's not a huge partier anymore, I would recommend getting there closer to happy hour time but as someone who loves a crowded bar scene, it's a great option for late night as it got packed around 8 p.m.  Typical Mexican food options.  There's an awesome HUGE outdoor section that I'm excited to take advantage of in the non-115 degree weather!  There are private cabanas that you can rent (I think it's $250 to rent them) with a TV and a server.  Service is usually pretty good - plenty of staff on a Friday night
3	Fun atmosphere but not as kid-friendly as other places in the area.  The wait-staff is hot but not overly friendly.  Better for happy hour and late night madness for 20-somethings...and food is just okay!
1	I ate at the Sandbar last Thursday and I got food poisoning. I know it couldn't have been anything else because I hadn't eaten anything since breakfast and didn't have anything after. I had a well done burger and sweet potato fries which tasted great and I was up puking all night. I only drank one beer and I felt fine the next day so it wasn't a stomach bug. I will never go back again!
2	I think there's a lot to be said about this place and it's difficult to know where to begin. Went on a Saturday night around 10pm, cover was $5 and the place was packed with what seemed to be a regular party crowd. It's very difficult to pin this place. From what I could tell it's a restaurant by day, nightclub by night. Great concept, but a little shaky in practice. When you first walk in, there's a bar that spans the whole length of the place so I guess that shows you where their priorities lie. There is also a second bar outside for those willing. The proprietors were also kind enough to provide a large fan (the kind you see on the field at football games with the connection to the hose to keep you extra cool) so should you choose to come here you will more than likely be pretty cool outside. There is also a dance floor and the music is not bad, although it's nothing to call home about. Something the owners seem to have taken to heart is the name of the place as they have been kind enough to sprinkle the outdoor patio with sand. Now, normally I would have no problem with this, but there's the minor detail that we happen to be about 400 miles away from the nearest ocean. There's something slightly off-putting about having sand on the ground at a nightclub.I need to finally comment on the caliber of gentlemen who seem to frequent this place. Normally, I wouldn't comment, but in this case I feel like it should at least be mentioned. At the beginning of the night, a man was at the bar and turned around and elbowed my friend's drink. He appeared to be unfazed as his drink was alright and did not bother to apologize to her. When I appeared shocked that he didn't have any common courtesy he, of course, got in my face. That is, after all, the gentlemanly thing to do. Later in the night, two forty-something guys were hitting on my friends. They were about as subtle as a jumbo jet landing -- that is to say, they weren't. They unabashedly proclaimed their intentions despite my friends repeated rebukes. It should also be noted that the bouncer-to-patron ratio is very high. I'm not sure what the owners expect to take place, but the bouncers were gruff and not very polite despite the fact that we had done nothing wrong. This place was very packed, but I think that stemmed more from the fact that it was a Saturday night and less from the fact that this place is a genuinely cool place to hang out. I regret to say that my friend made a poor choice in choosing her birthday location and given the choice, I will not be returning.
1	If I could put less than one star, I would.  This place is vindictive and not worth spending any money in.  A month ago, I reported an encounter with a manager that complained of my comments about an employee that was rude and angry.  When I challenged his threat, my response was to walk away from a place where free speech was not allowed,  I wrote to the general manager but never got a reasonable response other than he would look into it.  I left there stating clearly that I would not go back there and wrote a negative review on YELP.  .  A week ago, I was approached on Facebook by an Assistant GM to come in and discuss my complaint.  We could not make it back from our vacation in time to meet with Jake Kloster but went in tonight hoping to meet with him to discuss my previous complaint.  He wasn't there when we got there and the manager on duty came by and said it was nice to see us back since we left.  He said, I hope we can put this behind us.  We had two drinks at the bar and moved to a table along the bar to accomodate my wife and son.  While waiting for them to arrive, the same Bar Manager that previously welcomed us, called me outside and accused me of harassing the help.  We were greeted very warmly by the staff, especially the bartender and server that were objects of my alleged  harassment by the bar manager. He repeated comments I made almost verbatim but comepletely out of context, and suddenly, I felt set up.  They must have been watching me on their TV security because every time I got up someone followed me.   Every time I went to ask the bartender if she complained, I was bumped away from the bar by thugs,.  This is a clear case of harassment and when I finally asked the bartender that was allegedly offended, she said she was uncomfortable,  When I asked her what was said that made her feel uncomfortable, she could not be specific and looked shook up when the bouncer appeared to threaten me. She was shaking and had a chalky face and looked ready to cry, so I decided to just finish our drinks and leave. I walked back to my table and was told if I would not come outside with them, they would throw mw out,  This was clearly a set up from the time we walked in and at no time would they talk to the person I was with to verify fact from fiction.  This was clearly a case of harassment to warn me off,  I am not warned but angry that this cabal of liars and criminals tried to set me up.  This was clearly a case of trying to shake me down.  I will never ever go ther again and I warn anyone  from going there.  I swear that all this is true and the establishment has gone out of there way to target me.  They invited me back just to set me up.  What a Bush League place this place is.  The remark that made the bartender uncomfatble allegedly was when the bar manager pulled down the big screen for the ball game, I mockingly said, I could bring my porn from home and watch it on the big screen. This whole deal was phony and cooked.There were others in the crowd that made remarks far more suggestive than mine and I vehemently deny anything was ever said that crossed the line.  These are a group of oafish louts that protect for your buddy at any cost, kind of clique.  The place is not somewhere you want to waste good money.  Stay away and go somewhere else where your money is appreciated. Apparently, someone thought my post was funny, so it must be one of the Managers there.  Anyone who feels threatened in a place should recognize the bullies here.  Keep your wives and daughters away from this place.  It is just a matter of time before they are caught, which is probably why they left Scottsdale.
3	So here is the deal, I get that this is supposed to be like being at Manny's in Rocky Point, the ocean on one side, drunken slutty girls on the dance floor, and more booze than you know what to do with. But the thing is if I were at Manny's, I'd be wearing a bikini, some denim shorts and flip flops. Totally comfy and cool for a night of humidity, wind, sand, tequila, lots of sweating and bad decisions. Ok now I'm wishing I was five years younger and I could actually BE at Manny's right now. I digress, this environment just isn't conducive to a normal prissy girl's get up. I know I'm not the only one fighting the granules of sand in my heels, because that seems like it is the only thing my girlfriends and I talk about all night. "Ouch, I can't get this damn sand out" "Well take your shoes off" Shoes taken off, shaken, and placed back on. "Damn it! More sand!" ...yea. It's a vicious cycle. So, really cute guy with the GORGEOUS blue eyes, I really was interested in what you were saying...I just had little tiny pebbles cutting into my skin the entire time you were talking to me. Maybe next time you'll still think I'm cute in flip flops? Here is to hoping...+1 star for the street taco stand. Saves whomever is my DD a stop at Jack in the Box on the way home.
1	Warning, Do Not go here!!Went here with a group of friends Halloween weekend.  Our group paid the cover charge to get in, they had advertised on facebook that women are free to get in which was not true.  As soon as we paid to get in my husband was turned around two steps in the door by the bouncers to the parking lot and informed him he can't go in.  My husband went peacefully outside and asked for his money back that they took from him for a cover charge.  He was then tackled to the ground by the thug bouncers busting open his lip and giving him a sprang ankle.  He was out in the parking lot!  My husband was not hostile, and just wanted to have a good time with our friends not to be attacked by the staff for no reason!  This place doesn't care about it's customers and feels it's in their right to assault anyone they choose to pick on.  Do not support this club/restaurant... I will be telling everyone to stay far away.. My husband is a gentle man and would not cause any trouble. Also the club is loud, overpriced, crowded, dirty, and has really shitty music..
3	Came here last night (Friday) just as a detour of my normal Old Town Scottsdale routine. Got here around 9:30 and was surprised to see how packed it was already with a wide variety of peeps. There are two huge bars, one inside and one outside (although the patio walls were up so everyone got to experience the beautiful night. Tons and tons of TV's everywhere. This place must be really popular for games and got myself curious about watching sporting events here. The music playing was decent, but got better around 11-ish which I also noticed the older patrons leaving and more younger ones entering. I love the fact they take advantage of their drunk patrons by having an outdoor taco grill/stand, you can't resist the delicious smells! The bartenders were super quick with service despite the large crowd and there are tons of super cute security guards working the bar. All in all, it was an okay night, I would come back here for happy hour, but not for a weekend night. There is nothing better than having tons of other bars to stumble to when you get bored of the scene, God Bless Old Town.
2	Okay for Fridays after work and Saturday nights are pretty live (drinking).  But catch them under the tent in the sand on an average day and service is a bit slow portions are small and I guess your paying for those skimpy waitress outfits.  I was not impressed after our last family visit there as I was still hungry after I left.  3 fish taco meal was just that 3 dressed fish tacos my kid paid extra for 3 plain fish tacos (add cheese).  Gonna put them on the back burner till I try them again.
3	The chips are awesome.  That said, the food is ok... but the chips are awesome!  Went for lunch.  The burrito was ok but just ordinary, nothing special.  The taco salad again good, but nothing special.  Did I mention the chips?  The chips and the green salsa were great.  The chips were a bit thicker than normal, so they had a great 'meaty' crunch.  That probably doesn't make much sense, oh well.  The service was also great.  I think the best bet for lunch is on Tuesdays.  They have $2 tacos on Tuesdays.  A couple tacos along with the chips and salsa... yep sounds good!
3	If u want to watch sports, sit outside in cute cabanas it's great. The tacos r good. Had the carnita tacos. Service was a bit slow.
2	I've been to the Chandler sandbar several times with friends and i liked it, but my first time at the desert ridge was really bad. The hostess was busy talking to her friend and didn't even acknowledge us. We found a place to sit outside and waited almost 20 minutes for someone to come to our table and bring us menus. All this time we are sitting there and the servers are just standing by their computers talking to each other. Our servers name was sarah and she just seemed irritated that we were there. Props to her for trying to upsell me a margarita but when i said i just wanted an iced tea to start she rolled her eyes and walked away. This attitude continued throughout our dinner. She was very friendly with the table next to us full of 20 something guys. WHen we asked for our check it took her 10 minutes to bring it and she didn't even thank us for coming in.The food was whatever, not great, but not too bad either.Overall I would not go again. I used to serve and expect at least decent service everywhere I go, it shouldn't be that hard!!
4	i must be easy vs the other reviews for the sandbar.  the nachos are great!!  i like both the chicken and beef.  i think i can eat that for the whole meal (i'll try that next time).  i had the carnitas tacos which comes in threes and thought there weren't anything special.  i had to try the rice which i regret.  so, i'll stick to the nachos and give it 4 stars for the service and nachos.
3	I came to Sand Bar for dinner with my boyfriend and his family while we were visiting Phoenix. I love mexican food so any type of mexican restaurant & bar is perfect in my book...well except for Chevys ;) They were still doing HH deals when we got there so we got our drinks with the HH prices...score! We also had chips & salsa and also chips & guacamole for starters. They gave us two types of salsa - pico de gallo and chile verde - both were pretty good and the chips were crisp. The guacamole was just okay to me, it seemed like it came from a box...disappointing!For dinner, I ordered the carne asada tacos. I was expecting it to have some cheese and a salsa on top but it was just three tacos with carne asada and some shredded lettuce in the middle...no toppings! I ended up using the salsa that we got with the chips. The tacos were pretty good, not great, and I felt like they were missing something. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food; my boyfriend had the mexican cobb salad which was pretty good! His family also shared the vegetarian fajitas which looked so good...wish I ordered that!Service was okay - our server checked on us every once in awhile but she did make sure that our water was refilled and asked if we needed drinks every now and then. Our food came out in a timely manner. Overall, Sand Bar is just okay in my book. Nothing was particularly outstanding but I wouldn't rule out this place next time I'm in Phoenix.
3	Decently priced, great margaritas, and a fun (although bro-y) atmosphere. If you choose to seat yourself outside, be warned-- you will be waiting 10-15 minutes until someone gets around to checking in with you. It's probably no fault of the servers, both times I've been, they were super busy. Ask for as much as you can in one breath; water, napkins, and silverware, otherwise you may be without utensils when your food is served.The guacamole is ok... but it's a huge serving (3 of us split it and still had some left over) and goes well with anything you order. They also bring you two salsas, both of which are really good. It also comes with a bucket of great chips and they give free refills which I encourage you to avoid, otherwise your food will come and you'll be stuffed!
3	Sandbar has some decent prices but beware. If you order a margarita, you'll get a bonus serving of heartburn for your value price. There is so much sweet and sour in them that they embarrass authentic Mexican restaurants. On the weekends, at 10pm, a small end of Sandbar turns into a dance floor with a cheesy island photo lit up as the background. The DJ is terrible because he plays about 20 seconds of each song and then trainwrecks right into the next one. I think that the game is to see how many tunes he can crank out in one session as opposed to getting people to dance. The outside patio is pretty nice. TVs are visible from most seats and the sand is a nice touch. There is even a projection screen at one end that they lower when the sun goes down. There are also heating lamps for the chilly nights. However, if you sit outside - flirt with your server so they think you care and will pay attention to you - or else you'll be waiting 30 min intervals until you see your server again. Guacamole is decent; good place to watch sports...   :)Cheers!
4	While my husband and I were visiting the area we tried and really enjoyed this place! It was a fun and lively bar/grill.  we were there on 1/13/12 and shared the nachos w/ ground beef (big enough to share), then my husband had the shrimp fajitas and I had the chicken fajitas. The food was really fresh and the portions were very generous. Our waiter (didn't get his name) was awesome, just the right amount of attention. The night we were there the age group of the clientele seemed to range from early thirties up. If you're looking for intimate this is not the place for you. But if you're looking for a fun place to laugh your head off with friends then I highly recommend it!
4	We had a great experience at the Sandbar Mexican Grill up at Desert Ridge. We had a Groupon that expired on 1/29/2012 and decided to go on a Friday night to use right after Happy Hour (7pm) The place was crowded, but we got lucky to find a place right away outside, next to a fireplace. We were also lucky enough to have a GREAT waitress that served us, Paulina M. She was on top of everything and had no issues taking our Groupon which was a $40 value that we purchased for $20. That got us 2 margarita's and 2 entree's. We had some smooth margarita's, the house marg was good as well as the sweet and smoky marg that I had. (Pineapple and chipotle) I had the beef enchiladas which were good. The guacamole that we got with our chips were good as well. Overall - an enjoyable experience! They could have had corn tortillas as an option ;-)
1	Wow, so if you want to eat at a place that advertises Happy Hour specials on 4x4 cards and then charges you full price despite the fact that you are handing the specials card to the waitress, who then supposedly talks to the manager and comes back to the table and said it was a "printing error" and you still owe full price, than this, my friend, is the place for you.My five friends and I came here for happy hour that they had advertised as starting on Feb 12th. They have a DJ spinning some fun tunes, the sun is shinning, and we are drinking and munching away enjoying ourselves thinking we may have found a new HH joint. Our waitress seemed new, as she would have to ask the bartender every once in awhile if the offered the drinks we wanted, but she was really nice and apologetic to us and thus we have no qualms with her. It's the management that would not give us our happy hour prices that were literally laid out in front of us. It's not that we can't afford regular price, but who doesn't love a good happy hour. Poor business strategy. You lost five patrons. Back to Old Town for us!
3	I wasn't sure why Sandbar has such a low rating. I had been here for drinks and appetizers before but had never eaten here. We had dinner at Sandbar last night and I have to say the service was top rate, the food was good. This is primarily a bar so don't go expecting gourmet. It is pretty basic but still very good for what it is. I had the Baja Taco's which is one of their specialties. I would certainly order them again. I want to go for Taco Tuesday, That sounds like the deal. Friday and Saturday nights the place is more or less a club for the college set. The prices are up there but it is a good place to go for happy hour or dinner and drinks. Even though I rated it a 3 it is a place I would go and recommend just not a place I would pick.
1	Okay so maybe I'm biased because I really hate douche's and high prices for my BEER. But here we go...I live on the north west side of town (arrowhead). So i'm closer to the other Sandbar on northern and the 101, that place is pretty hood, and this sand bar is the complete opposite...but i digress.A friend was moving back to jersey and she wanted to meet here for drinks. I got here around 10pm on a Friday night. It was extremely packed, but I found parking, no biggie. I did like how they have a lot of taxi's lined up at the front door just encase you might need one, which I love because I cab it everywhere when I'm consuming alcohol.  No line yet at the door, I get right in with some friends. We get a table, high top somewhere. I will admit, there are some smokin hot ladies in here, and some cute cougars as well. Funny thing is, these chicks all have high heels on and when they are walking in the sand, I was hoping i'd see at least 1 eat shit. Didn't happen, then again I didn't sty long. The atmosphere here is a typical Scottsdale douche bag bar/club. A lot of guys wanted to bang some hot girl, and a lot of hot girls looking pretty yet it's pretty obvious that they have ZERO personality.I went to the bar to get my and my friend a beer. "2 Coronas please", okay, that will be $10!. Uh what the fuck did you just say to me, I asked for 2 coronas and you're telling me it's $10 for 2 fucking beers. I literally paid because I wanted a drink, hung out for a little then took off. The over all douche bag aroma, mixed in with the high prices for a beer turned me the hell off. I'll stay on the west side, or any non douche establishment around town and wont ever come back to this place.
3	Fun ambiance!  Great service.
1	Very disappointed in the quality of food here. Carne Asada is supposed to be seared, not charred. Sent it back once, got it back the same way. Girlfriend got the ahi (tuna) tacos, got Scombroid food poisoning... Furthermore, our waitress had little to no clue about the items on the menu, and came once during the main course, despite working on silverware 5 feet away from my table.
3	I lived in Scottsdale for 7 years and just came back for a visit on business and hit Sandbar for the first time in a while. It is a place to dig your toes in the sand and sink back with some cheap happy hour drinks and chips and salsa. No matter which location, just go to meet your friends, enjoy the desert sun and have no high expectations on culinary greatness.
3	Ok, I am a chips and salsa fanatic! This place has the best chips!! I was the chip monster!! Munch, munch, munch...! The drinks were ok. I ordered the Mojito and it was alright. We then stuck to the Pom-Acai Margarita after that. That was way more tastier....The decor was very beachy...., the sand outside was cool! The actual look of this place was very nice....I definitely would come back but not when its sooo packed. I have to come back for the chips........!
3	A laid back beach vibe, huge patio and more than enough TVs makes Sandbar more of a great happy hour spot.  My friends and I have always referred to it as the Dos Gringos for "grownups."  More of an upper 20's & 30's crowd.  If you're looking to get a great deal on your meal during other times, there's a $30 for $15 deal on local dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485).This sums up my last trip:Chips, salsa and guacamole = Awesome.  Super Fresh.  This wasn't some out of can/bag and thrown on the plate app.  The massive portion and freshness justifies the price.Rest of our meal (Ahi Tacos and Ancho Chili Mahi Tacos) = Good, but nothing to write home about.Service = Spotty.  It took forever to get our drink orders.  When my beer and my girlfriend's diet coke arrived we ordered the appetizer.  When the waitress came by a few moments later to tell us the order would be out in a few minutes, we went ahead and ordered or meals.  Again, it felt like a long time before the chips and guacamole were brought to the table.  But our meals arrived only moments after we received our appetizer.  Although our server was really nice (or maybe I just thought she was since she was cute).
2	Second trip to the Sandbar today and it was exactly like the first - Meh.I will say, the chips and salsa are excellent.  A nice spicy red salsa and a nice spicy green that looks more like a pesto.First time I tried the veggie fajitas - just ok, the tortillas were a little old, veggie mix was different kinds of peppers and onion ( I ordered it without mushrooms) not a lot of flavor and, FYI their fajitas do not come with rice & beans.Second time I had the cheese quesadillas, too greasy and heavy but the taste was ok.  I went with a group of 9 and no one was impressed by their dish. Servers are cute but service isn't very good.  Cool setup with sand and a big bar that opens to the patio.  If you went there for couple of beers and some chips and salsa you would probably enjoy yourself.   If you looking for good Mexican food and/or good service - keep driving.
2	Whhyyyyyy?? Why do I get dragged here at least 3 times a year? The former location off of Shea was a little better but not by much.Drinks way overpriced. Douchebag factor high. Bartenders and security are rude. One time I went to the DJ for a request, for some fun 80's hip hop. He gave me a dirty look then ignored me. I had the food once, and I totally regret it. It was bad, bad, bad.Ugh.
3	Went here on a Saturday night.  Got there around 9 anticipating it being crowded and wanted to get a table.  We got the LAST table, smack in the center of the room.  No ideal but great for people watching.Very eclectic group of people, mostly 25 and older with a very casual atmosphere.Didn't eat here but the drinks were watered down and overpriced.  Typical bar.Good music, definitely geared towards the older crowd as it was mostly 90's and early 2000's hip hop which was fun.  Great for people watching and the girl to guy ratio is easily 2.5:1
3	You've got to appreciate a bar that has actual sand you can sink your toes into, bringing a little bit of the beach to the Valley.At the Desert Ridge location of Sand Bar (there are three in the Valley), there's a massive bar in the center of the outdoor patio, along with a ton of umbrella-covered tables atop the sand, as well as a big indoor restaurant.The bar is full-service and has a slew of televisions, and there are also three more secluded cabanas with ultra-comfy couches and televisions.This past Sunday, my friend and I were surprised to see no one was sitting at the cabanas, and we got our own private viewing party at one after requesting to sit there.I've only had the food at Sand Bar once, but it was nothing special and definitely not something I'd crave. I did like the endless bucket of chips ($5) and two types of salsa (the green is my favorite), but I'd stick to that if you want food.The cheese enchiladas ($8.99) were rubbery and forgettable, and I didn't enjoy the red sauce that covered them. The saving grace of the dish was the rice, but even that didn't stand out.Instead, go to Sand Bar for an island-y atmosphere and a ton of viewing options. Even though all the TV's at the bar displayed football games, the bartender had no problem turning on the Diamondbacks for us at the cabana, and the service there has always been great for me.
4	This place is not a Mexican Grill--it's a bar that also serves food. It's shines as a nightspot and comes to life on Friday and Saturday. Save your time and money for a little -- or a lot -- of drinking. Don't go on Thursday nights unless you like terrible "throwback" music. It's like random old school hip-hop/rap songs and the DJ always cuts the tracks and odd times.The drinks here are pricey but they are generous with alcohol. They throw you a bone with $2 street tacos which are insanely delicious. Outdoor patio is a smoker's delight and is as big as the main restaurant. Two full bars with flat screens surround the bar. Weekend are fun: it's packed by 10:00PM and people dance in this section of the dining room they push tables out of the way. Yeah...not a club but hey, it works. I've done the Cupid Shuffle many, many times.During the weekday it's busy but not crowded. Music always comes on around 10:00PM.And curiously enough there is always a sketchy cab monopoly. It used to be VIP Taxi and now I don't know what it is but it doesn't look good. Super casual and fun. But it is kind of out of the way and there is no food around that's open besides In & Out. I think the cover is $10 for guys. Ladies are in free.
3	Good happy hour specials. The pork tacos are as good as I've had and on Tuesday they are on special. for those that care, you can enjoy the pattio and a smoke!
4	I think some of the best tacos in town.  Go there on Tuesday for lunch for TACO TUESDAY.  Any taco on the menu is only $2.  You can mix and match.  Try the Ahi Tuna taco, the Baja taco and the Shrimp Mango taco.  Order some Queso dip too.  Don't state too late as it turns into a meat market around 5PM.
2	The cheese dip was alright.  The bartender was not great.  And why do I feel 80 when I walk in here?  Oh, that's right.  All the "kids" working as staff were born in the 90s!  Plus, the frat guys sitting on the porch and around the bar yelling at the football on the 50 TVs in here probably didn't make me feel any younger.  I suppose if you were born after 1990, you should go here.  If not, don't do it.  You just look older under all those fluorescent lights!
1	Terrible experience and service! If you order food during happy hour, check the pricing! The waitress wouldn't correct her mistake and kept on giving excuses. Not cool....
4	I hate to love this place. The Happy Hour is bomb, I've had great service, good times... Sometimes it's a weird crowd though.
4	My husband and I love to come here for drinks and tacos after work on Friday.  It's also a great lunch time spot.  I order the same thing every time: strawberry margaritas on the rocks and the ancho chili mahi tacos.  So delicious.   They are not shy with the alcohol, either.  Two margs and I'm done!  There seems to be some haters who yelped... I don't know what you thought when you walked up and saw a bunch of college flags outside, a huge bar with cabanas, and servers who don't wear much (well, the girls), if you thought it was a fancy restaurant or a place like macayos, you're WRONG!  It's a bar with yummy bar food.  Bottomline: This place is for the young AND young at heart!
2	Many douche bags and old cougars. At least the night I was there.Drinks were alright and strong. Food was decent. My tab wasn't too bad.I was wearing my Marine Corps hoodie there on the Marine Corps birthday/veterans day weekend, told I couldn't have the hood on, because it's against policy. Despite it being cold and raining and the propane heater we were next to kept going out.Every waitress was wearing their hoods. Not exactly fair is it?My wife was cold, she wore my sweater with the hood on. That's ok because she's cute.A bathroom attendant, only in the men's bathroom. No thanks.Bought a water to take with me when the night was over. Wasn't allowed to leave with my water. Had to throw it away. Brand new bottle of water with just a sip out of it.
3	Too expensive and usually too crowded. Its fine for once in awhile b/c it does look really nice and all the ppl usually look really nice too. They have really nice and expensive private cabanas. They also have big flat screens and a beach theme (duh). Their stools are pretty uncomfortable and its hard to get a booth. I just don't want to have to get dressed up everytime I go to a bar and pay $10 for a shot. I liked going here for Halloween to see all the funny costumes.
1	typical crowded and loud place with expensive drinks.  I've been in a few times to this location, and typically i would have given this place a couple more stars (not four more, but a couple).  After my visit last night, i will most likely never be returning.  Last evening i got off work where i serve alcohol and food stuffs to people, my boyfriend picked me up and we headed to sandbar to unwind and enjoy the rest of our evening.  We arrived around eleven in the evening, and my boyfriend bought me a vodka sprite.  We proceeded to dance and have fun when a bouncer approached my boyfriend and told him he had to get me out of there, but he could come back, obviously my boyfriend left with me.  i had had ONE drink!!!! now i know i can be exuberant sometimes, and im not a great dancer, but i was not by any means drunk!! nor was i causing any problems or even talking to anyone besides my boyfriend!!!  i feel insulted and i am even more shocked, because the past few times I've been there i have seen people who were clearly over served!!  i highly doubt i will ever return to this place!!
2	I was shocked at how packed this place was on a Tuesday night. Maybe because it is Fat Tuesday and the Mexican-esque bar was celebrating Mardi Gras? Whatever, just a reason to party and the bar to make money I guess. But. I was not impressed. Nope. We were here for Happy Hour, which I didn't think was that great, although the $2 Taco Tuesday deal was pretty sweet. Unfortunately, that's all the tacos were worth, no way I'd pay full price. Plus, the service was terribly lousy. Our server was very impersonal. I suppose if you want to come here to only drink and dance on a Saturday night that'd be cool, but not if you want to just meet up after work with some friends. Whatevs.
4	The chicken tacos are great I hate them two days in a row since I am not out here much.
2	Y'know, it's Desert Ridge.  I wasn't expecting much, and it delievered.  I hadn't been here yet, it was just after work, I thought I'd try it.  Positive was Nick, my Waiter, VERY cute, friendly, flirty and efficient.  BUT the negatives?  Food blah.  NO CHIPS OR SALSA with the meal.  Decent margarita, but in the WRONG glass.  And super scuzzy clientele -- there is such a thing as TOO casual.  I hope Nick gets a better restaurant gig, he deserves more than this.  This is really a tattoo parlor masquerading as an upscale North Scottsdale cantina.  Nick, go apply at a Scottsdale Quarter restaurant, that's more worthy of your abilities.
4	great patio, margs are good, salsa good but the lunch special was just ok
1	One day they will get a better management staff that aren't assholes. Worked there 9 months and never have seen a poorly run place. Like the time the managers decided to play a joke on me by asking to help clean up their office and getting a box of business cards dumped on your head while helping them out. Tacos are good tho...
4	Only Sandbar that I go to. It's a pretty cool place. Friday nights are ok, but Saturday nights are packed and a lot more fun!
2	Fun atmosphere, fairly good food. The mango margarita I ordered tasted like a regular margarita from a big frozen mixer and was pretty damn small for $8 bucks. Enjoyed the queso and my meal, however I was pretty turned off by the service. Unfortunately you're not being waited on by experienced customer service oriented waiters. You're being waited on by a cute little twenty-something in a pair of skimpy shorts who runs by your table asking "how is everything" and doesn't stop or slow down to hear your answer. So am I going there for the "five star" service? No. But if you want a busy hang out where you can get some over priced drinks and a decent tex-mex meal, Sandbar will work.
2	Saturday night at Sandbar was an interesting experience.  I'm not sure I've ever seen so many people who looked alike in one place.  Ok, maybe I have.  I have been to Axis & Radius. This place was wall to wall people.  There was an overabundance of girls with the same "edgy" hair cuts/colors, who looked like they had the same tattoo artist.  That comment actually holds true for the guys as well.  I lost count of how many Ramones t-shirts I saw, and then there were the "Keep calm and carry on" t-shirts some guys were sporting.  I see that saying on mugs a lot, so I was entertained that it was the shirt of choice for picking up chicks on a Saturday night, and was left wondering if these guys even knew the origin of that saying.  Like so many others places, the bouncers seemed to be the hottest guys there.  I can honestly say this place is not my scene.  It almost made me miss the Sandbar in Scottsdale.  I never really liked that place, but I did have some hilariously good times there.
3	Fun place to go for happy hour.  Make sure to sit outside when the weather is nice.
1	Craft beers are entirely excluded on the regular Happy Hour.  Young girl working bar didn't understand why we declined to drink something else and left.  What a joke to have a somewhat diverse taplist and then completely omit an entire segment of the customer base on regular, daily happy hours.  Our group will drink elsewhere at Desert Ridge for happy hour.  So many choices.
1	The queso dip is good. Our service wasn't good, the peel and eat shrimp tasted old and spoiled. Salad never came. Fajitas were drowning in grease.
4	Now that it's starting to get hot outside I get the burning desire to swim, eat and drink!! All an amazing combination when in order!! The Sandbar brings that sensation to life, well... sort of!! I love the misters they have for their patio and that's the sole reason why I agree to sit outside. I also love the sand layout they have with the illusion of a small body of water that to resemble a pool. So that touch is nice!! I also like the happy, upbeat service they offer! This place has always been super friendly!! As for the food, that is simply okay. Nothing to go crazy for, nor brag about. However, I will say that this place is a good spot to relax and enjoy a good time, and that's easy to do since It has a very joyful decor, and party feel to it!! :)  Hope you enjoy it!!!
3	Definitely an interesting dynamic!  We arrived on a Saturday night at 8pm and the party was just getting started!  Enjoyed some cold beer and great guacamole with friends and snuck out before the 10pm crowd arrived. Overall a fun place!
2	I'll start with the only positives I have... Great chips and salsa, glad they finally expanded the beer selection to add some decent craft brews, and the patio is nice as long as it isn't wall to wall and that crappy DJ doesn't have his less than desirable music to loud.The rest, I could take or leave. The food is very average, bordering on poor, compared to other Mexican places. Based on that point, very over priced for the quality. When they first got the craft brews, the good Happy Hour prices applied, now they don't. What gives? Every other place in town will honor Happy Hour prices for all drinks, including crafts.  Weekend evenings are way to crowded, for my taste. Overall, a mediocre place to hang out, unless you get their early and choose to drink something that the Happy Hour will actually apply.
1	First time here- I ask for a beergarita & receive a Blue Moon draft with margarita mix and tequila. BLEGH! And it was $9 to boot. I drank half and couldn't finish the rest. The bartender was some unattentive guy who kept twirling the bar shaker around. It was a terrible experience & I'll never return!
1	Over priced drinks. Occupants are typically 35 years old or older.... but trying to act younger. Not much for dancing, and not in area meant for hoping around. If you drink here, there is no where else to go. Not a fan.
3	The two and half stars that this place has is pretty much dead on. It has a lot going for it but it falls short in several areas. The place was excessively loud & the acoustics where we were sitting seemed to magnify the loud groups all around us.We had specifically requested that our daughter's dinner be brought out first as it takes her longer to eat her meal; it was the last to arrive.The guacamole was really good but the chips were not. They seemed slightly thicker & airy. The wife loved her chimichanga.  The steak burrito I ordered would have been better had they got it from Taco Bell instead of the kitchen. It had very little meat & was folded in such a way that the majority of the bulk of the burrito was from the folded tortilla. I didn't want the rice & asked that it be left off but it was on my plate when it arrived.Our waitress was nice & helpful in pointing out the specials. But she didn't bring out our food & we had to wait several minutes after our food arrived to get silverware to eat with
1	I went here with some friends for happy hour and I really wish I'd spent my money elsewhere. The atmosphere was awful, the chips tasted like cardboard and it was constantly difficult to get the waitresses's attention. The place was packed and we were stuck in a booth in a back corner which was FREEZING cold. I was not a fan of the crowd, the music, the location, the food. I've experienced worse, but this was pretty bad. I will not be going back.
4	To me, the Sandbar at Desert Ridge is like a beloved, worn-out pair of shoes that stink to high heaven, that you would never dream of tossing out. It is uber chill and you don't have to rock out 6" red bottoms to feel like royalty here. Go ahead - wear your flip flops and wife beater - you won't be judged/snubbed - I promise.Love their HH selections and tacos. And who wouldn't love some sand and tiny splash pool in the middle of the Sonoran desert? I know I do.Does it get kinda grimy and overcrowded? Absolutely. Do you sometimes get inconsistent quotes on drink specials from various staff at times? Sure. But with all the bad comes the good, right?I feel comfortable here. It is one of my "safe places".
4	This bar is a great neighborhood hangout especially to watch a game and that's exactly what we did tonight. Yea it's loud, busy and crowded in here, but it's a bar...to drink and watch sports at! We sat at a booth with a couple friends and even brought out baby, placed him in a high chair. I was actually surprised to see quite a few kids here tonight! The chips and salsa was great...warm chips. The chicken tacos were fresh and my favorite was the strawberry Mojito.  All in all, it's a fun local place to be casual and to meet up friends.
1	I will never go back, unless it is free, and then I will still think twice.  I joined staff from the company I work for at an End of Summer Celebration on 9/6/13 from 3-6PM.  The food was excellent, the atmosphere on the patio was acceptable.  It was still a tad too warm out to be on the patio IMHO.  I asked our very inattentive server for an ice water with my beer when I first got there.  They brought the beer pretty quickly but I had to ask again almost 45 minutes later for the water.  When I ordered a second frothy beverage shortly after finally getting my glass of water, it took forever and they brought me the wrong brand.  (The place wasn't that busy) By that time I was hot, tired, and pissed, so I decided to take the opportunity to go home just before 5PM.  The company was good, but the service sucked beyond words.  It isn't worth the chips and salsa to be virtually ignored, especially when you are there with a moderate sized group.
1	Went there to for the late games on NFL Sunday with a group of 4. On a bill that should have been in the 150 range (we each had a few drinks and one order of nachos to split), our waitress charged me a whopping $267. She also had the gall to have gratuity included already on the check, even though I was only with 3 other people. They literally tried to steal money from me, and I will never go to this place again. I came to find out last night that one of my friends paid his tab on the way out as well. His tab was included on mine.And as if the stealing money wasn't bad enough, the service was terrible.On a positive note, the place was a fun place to be. Fun and friendly crowd and a really nice facility. It's a shame they are running a dishonest business, because it's a place I would have started going to for NFL Sundays despite the bad service.
2	Service can be hit-or-miss on Friday evenings.. A few friends from work went for a co-workers' birthday and service was outstanding..! We went back for another co-worker's birthday and was about 30-45 minutes in between drink orders..
2	Waitress needs the info about gf. I asked if they offer anything gf, she said 'anything with a gf next to it, I don't even know what gf means, lol". I told her she should learn what is, its on your menu.i know, that sounded bitchy, I just thought she should better informed. I think that was embarrassing for her to admit that to a customer.Iced tea was extremely weak. The chips come in a huge bucket, that was something i have never seen before, was cool.We did not like either of the salsa's, bland.The sweet potato fries were soggy and limp. I had a burger with no bun, the burger had great flavor. I also had a bloody Mary, that was super hot and i like hot but this was really hot.
1	Terrible service.I have had problems everytime I come here, first time, they overcharged me (didn't find out until I looked at my bank statement, they charged more tip then I wrote down) second time they overcharged my drink, there is a difference when I actually say 'happy hour drink' and they still charge me full price.I will not be returning.
4	I know most people come here to grab a drink before heading out for the night, I never have so can't comment on that, but I am a big fan of their taco Tuesdays. For $2 a taco they have a great selection that will appeal to anyone. And of course it includes bottomless chips and salsa, you will find me here most Tuesdays.
3	So a shot girl was waking around and approached a group of 30 somethings, and one of the guys said "come back 10 years ago." That summed up my impression of this place - it would have been a good hangout 10 years ago. So if you're an early 20 something, go for it! Lots of guys on the prowl.We sat outside at the surfboard shaped tables - FYI, surf boards don't make the best tables. Nothing fit.The food was a mixed bag We went with several apps. The queso dip was a HUGE portion, and was pretty good (I'm not a huge fan of queso dip so take it or leave it). The coconut shrimp had an interesting strawberry dip that was decent, but the shrimp themselves were overcooked. Skip the mini chimichangas. Overcooked and not tasty.A foursquare tip mentioned that the DJ sucks. I wasn't sure what they meant until we sat down and were assaulted by pretty bad club music. I swear I'm not as old and grumpy as this review is making me out to be.
2	This bar has so much potential, but fails to capitalize! I ordered a margarita which was probably the worst tasting margarita I've ever tasted. I then had to wait for close to 20 minutes as bartenders walked by and ignored me before I finally was able to exchange my drink for a beer- which by the way I was charged the full price of the margarita ($8) because the bartenders were too lazy to fix my order. Oh and I didn't even get an apology and the bartender seemed burdened that I was asking for a replacement. The crowed was a odd bunch off people and I could tell that most of them were not from Desert Ridge but probably from the west side. A lot of older douchey guys who think their still 19. It's a total Affliction bar. People reading this will know what I'm talking about.
1	Was there for 20 minutes, people ate, drank and left and the bartender never wiped off the bar surface! The tap beer was cloudy, that makes it questionable in my opinion. So I left never t return.
1	Tacky, low quality. Loud, smells like BO, vomit and alcohol. In other words like a typical Florida beachside dive. If that's the ambiance they aimed for them they nailed it. Food was bleh.
1	I have been at this restaurant many times and have always enjoyed myself...until Oct 25th. (yes, I have been struggling with writing this review for sometime, as you can see from the date stamp of this review.)I guess we have always gone on either: A) a Groupon or B) Happy Hour,  C) someone else paying, or D), so many marg's I never noticed the bill!?!?!Either way...Late lunch on a Friday proved to be most different.1). The chips were COLD..not just room temperature, but COLD..and HARD.2). NO red salsa offered...were they out of it??? 3). $35 for 6 Corona's...Let me repeat...$35 for a SIX PACK of MEXICAN BEER (I'm at a mexican restaurant, right?).4.) LUNCH BILL totaled $70 for TWO PEOPLE.uh, I don't think I'll make that mistake again.....EVER.Word of caution....DO NOT ORDER MEXICAN BEER unless you got lots of dinero!
4	My review is solely for the nightlife/dancing.  I haven't had any of the food or mixed drinks, just beer and dancing. Living in Cave Creek, Old Town seems way too far away in general and certainly way too expensive of a cab ride away. Going out and dancing to music that isn't country music seems to be limited to either the Blue Martini or here (if I'm wrong, some one please tell me!). Sure the dance floor isn't big and sure not a ton of people get out and dance, but the DJs have always been good enough and I've always had a good time. I'm from California so I like the bar vibe (wannabe beach bar). The parking lot is giant so it's nice to not have an issue with that too.
3	My buddy calls me a week ago, he says: I reserved a cabana at Sandbar for next weekend, can you go? Not knowing anything about Sandbar, my first thought is: ... a cabana? This guy's known me for 20 years. When have I Ever given him the impression that I want to hang out in a cabana?  ... An effing cabana!? I answer: Sure man! What time?Fast Forward One Week...It's Saturday night around 9:30-10pm. I pull into the parking lot and I see Sandbar Mexican Grill. Oh ok, I get it. This must be a little Mexican restaurant that has cabanas and we're going to eat and make interesting conversation. This should be fun!I walk up and first notice the motorcade of taxis hanging around outside. Hmm interesting. Then I almost reach the door, and there are 3 door men... ok... that's a bit odd for a Mexican restaurant in a suburban outdoor shopping mall, I thought. The one guy who checked my ID was really nice. I told him I was meeting some friends but they hadn't arrived yet. He told me to go on in and grab a drink. So far so good, I guess. I opened the door and get bombarded with loud club music, in a dimly lit club-like atmosphere. I'll be honest, I went into fight or flight mode. I turned right back around and proceeded to walk outside, then told the friendly door man I'd wait for my friends to arrive. To my car I went, to contemplate ways to feign illness so I wouldn't have to go back into that awful environment. Then I got the call... We're here, where are you? Actual: I'm in my car hyperventilating. What I said: Cool, I'll be right there.We all checked back in with the helpful door man and were then escorted like some kind of VIPs to this coveted cabana area. The ladies sat down and us guys stood and talked college football... because that's what men do, right? A nice young lady came up and took our drink orders. It was at this time that I realized how old I am because I just called her a "nice young lady". We were fitted with wrist bands that symbolized to the other people in the bar that we were awesome, and only we could enter the cabana area. Only Us! Not You! There were even four tough looking chaps guarding the entrance to the cabanas so no "unauthorized" people could enter. I felt like such an asshole. My friends ordered some food. I didn't eat. It was way too late (another sign I'm old). The food looked okay. They seemed to enjoy it.We had a few drinks, chatted and stayed until about 12:30am. I enjoyed the time with my friends, but this is not a place I would generally choose as a hangout. At least not at night. It may be less... umm what's the word... douchey, during the day. The people bumping, the people grinding, the people making out in the cabana next to ours... this just wasn't my scene. If you're in your twentys and single, you may enjoy the night life at this place. I'm neither of those and hope I never have to come back.
1	Ok...change if heart here...Well...if you have a party of eaters and not big afternoon drinkers you will get told to move to a less desirable table.  Even if you're a fat tipper...or would have been prior to being told to move so the alcohol party could have you table in front of the big screen. Hmmmmm...and you can reserve a cabana if you -commit to spending at least $200 if you fall sorry of the $200 you must purchase a gift card to make up the difference. Seriously?  Id rather just rent it out than be told what I have to spend to sit there.
3	Came to watch the UFC fight.Had a few beers, appreciate the complimentary chips and salsa.Seems like it would be a much more enjoyable place to be when it's a bit warmer out.I will try to visit again after the winter passes.
2	It's a love-hate relationship with this place, especially for those who understand how non-existent the late night scene is in northern Phoenix. Our choices are limited so I'm usually stuck with here or Salty's in Glendale, which is just a blast from my high school past that I'd like to ignore. Believe me, the choice makes me want to gauge my eyes out too.It was packed because of the UFC game when I went and you could hardly get around the sausage fest with everyone awkwardly standing and roaring, let alone try to wave down a bartender to get you a drink. When you did though, I will say that the girls are extremely nice, attentive, and quick. Does it overcome the horror when I see how much it costs for just a couple of drinks? Unfortunately not. Definitely a place where you'll have to get a little skeezy if you want something other than H20. Friends were telling me that it gets better when the music turns because everyone actually starts moving around, but the UFC fight had just barely started and I was dreading standing around in heels in the cold with the outdoor heaters not doing any favors for me. As if on cue though, someone from above felt the pain in my calves and SIlva's career died in front of my very eyes. The UFC crowd left and music began. Crowd consists mostly of MILFS and ordinary looking guys who come alone dancing by themselves hoping for something, if anything. Definitely an extremely milder version of Mill with a male to female ratio of 3:1. Good dance music though, played a lot of 2000's hip hop. Can't judge on food as I didn't get any, but I'd say that it's worth the extra money and time to go somewhere else or end up awkwardly standing next to a Mexican statue trying to get a drink for the next 15 minutes.
4	Been here a few times and this place has a Jekyl and Hyde personality which is not necessarily bad if you know each - During the day/early evening its a nice Mexican themed Sports bar/restaurant with a good selection of beers on tap and better than average bar food.  But later at night it takes on a club like atmosphere with a much younger crowd ready and willing to party! Great place though to catch a game on the weekend and they also have a surprisingly large number of  Gluten Free menu items and friendly staff to boot! Can get quite crowded though - However the good places usually are!
2	This place looks really nice from the outside, and once entering is when it all changes. The service is terrible, I had the most ditzy girl ever, she was not friendly and was spending her time flirting with other guys. I can see management only hired her for her looks obviously... I ordered a chicken burrito, came back with a steak burrito. She took too long to check back on us so I ended up starting to eat it simply because I was too hungry to wait 30 minutes for her to stop talking to the guys she was eating food off of. Then I mentioned that I asked for a chicken burrito, and she said she could only give me 15% off when there was clearly over half the plate still full. Then we asked to split the check in half because we shared an appetizer(which was full because it tasted poorly also) and she was unable to do it. I've been to many places and they are able to split the check in half. Anyways, don't waste your time here unless you're a goodlooking male in your early 20's because the girls care about no one else.
1	Service is always terrible! To get waited on takes close to 10 minutes.  No refills on soda because they never return. The food is decent.
2	Basics for a Mexican Restaurant: Get your chips right. The worst chips and salsa in town.
1	Wow! I'm out of words.. I can't express enough what kind of operation they're running there! First I order a drink and give a $100 and get $10 change back on one drink purchase..!! Waitress ignores me in the and acts as if I'm Not there! I had to literally yell out to get her attention and she hands me over my correct change! Then I go to restroom and another bartender spills my drink and they get an attitude about replacing it! Honestly just go there on a busy night and it's chaos! They don't know what they're doing! It's complete pandemonium Management has no control at all!! Just horrible service!!! Never again, good luck!
1	horrible service.... :/
1	Had an awful experience tonight with friends. Bartenders were un inviting margaritas weren't as expected. Experience eas sub par..
4	Came here with some of my buddies for food and drinks after work last Friday and let me tell you, it was AMAZING! Food was great and service was amazing.  Definitely the spot to be at if you just want to grab some food and a few drinks after a long work shift. Good overall vibes!
2	Worst service I have ever seen. Wow, please just save your time and go to the yard house!!!!
1	This place sucks , the service is shitty , the food is terrible & and when the bouncers aren't allowing underage girls in at night , they are being cock blockers to the paying customers there to have a good time. Take into account the " dress code " which is only enforced if you are not a " regular " and one must deduce that this place is perfect for Scottsdale because it's packed full of phonies
4	Great place for Happy Hour. Most nights they have a small band playing in the patio and the bottles of domestic beer are just three bucks. The bartenders are all very friendly and the HH crowd is a good mix of older visitors and chicks getting out of work with their co-workers. Two separate bars that are both outside and plenty of sports on TV and dude will turn any game on that you request. Gets crowded though, but usually a place to sit available most weekdays (maybe not Friday).
1	This place seriously sucks. Consistently the worst service I have ever gotten anywhere.     My friend and I sit at the bar. A male bartender is right in front of us cleaning and running the service bar. He does not acknowledge us as we sit for 5 minutes waiting to give our drink order. Two men walk up to the service area (right next to us) and the male bartender takes their order, makes them drinks, and cashes them out! Umm, hello?    Eventually a female bartender walks around and says nothing but "what can I get you guys" serves us our beer, and takes my cash. Gone..she was very rude.    We are hungry and have to wait for her to come back on the side were on so we can grab a menu. I have to call her over and ask for menus.   We decided it would be better to sit at a table since we had people joining us. Our friends come and we go to wait at the table to order drinks (by this time our beers are empty too). We wait for 15 minutes before I start to wonder if they have servers, or if the servers come over here. I go up to the bar and ask if there is a server. She says yes and sends her over.    I order the mac and cheese. Late night menu- it says "mac and cheese, with jalapenos and toasted breadcrumbs." I get my small $8 bowl of mac and cheese which had NO jalapenos and NO breadcrumbs. The server said the breadcrumbs were mixed in and that's why I couldnt see them (That was a lie). I didnt notice that there were also NO jalepenos until I actually started eating it. I have never been so disappointed about bar food before! And the server didnt care at all.   From then on we got served drinks in a timely manner, but our dirty dishes stayed on the tiny table the whole night until we requested the check.  There were four of us, who came in at 2 separate times,  and the server had us all on one check! Pain in my ass. You should know that people always want seperate checks when drinking at the bar and keep it seperate from the beginning.  This Is a description of my last visit to sandbar,  but the rest of my visits are just as bad. The good: (and the only reason I am giving two stars)-$2 dos xx drafts on Tuesdays.- DJ on tuesdays. Impressive. Nice music selection.-Corn hole, if it isnt being hogged all night by the same two people. -Taco bar outside on weekends.The bad:-Service-Prices (except dos xx on tues!)-Food -How am I supposed to dance in sand?-Rude bartenders-Management (because clearly this is all a result of poor management)
4	I really liked the sand on the patio making you feel u are on a beach. Happy hour is killer. And the corn hole game is fun. Great tacos.
5	When it comes to nightlife I usually hit a dance club, but a friend of mine decided to switch it up last Saturday and do Sandbar. Having never been there I thought a restaurant would be an odd place to spend a Saturday night, thankfully I was wrong!The bouncers at the front managed the line very well, they were efficient and friendly. Once in, the place itself was colorful and very lively. The crowd was young, mostly in their twenties with a few older groups. The bars are huge and there is an actual dance floor (which I was surprised and greatly thankful for). The drinks were normal priced and the bartenders that helped my friend and I were very sweet and nice. Great security and bartenders, overall wonderful staff and service. There's indoor as well as outdoor seating and outside there is actually sand which I thought was cute hence "sandbar." Although it was raining that night, the rain didn't fly  in or get us wet, the heaters were also on and were placed strategically well around, keeping the place consistently warm despite being opened to the cold and wet night. The bathrooms were clean and brightly lit to be able to fix makeup and check yourself properly. The crowd was good too. We weren't harassed and we were able to keep our spot by the bar without any problems. Overall, everyone seemed nice and chill.Oh and the DJ was great! There was a mix of electronic music as well as hip hop throughout the night.It was a good night. Although, we were there just to drink and dance, not really to eat - so next time I'll try actually ordering food, seeing how this place is a restaurant. :P
1	Very disappointed with my first visit here. The guys at the door were cocky. Our waitress was not helpful at all. My friend and I both ordered margaritas. After ordering, our waitress disappeared. Our drinks were the worst and expensive. We tried explaining to our server that we weren't satisfied and she showed no remorse. I don't plan on returning to Sandbar Desert Ridge again.
2	The sandbar is always a good place to go, but I would recommend not going on Mondays when Mercedes is working! Takes about 20 mins to get a beer when she has 3 groups of four people max.
1	I would not recommend Sandbar Desert Ridge for any type of party.  Planned my daughter's 21st weeks in advance.  When we showed up, the Asst. Manager wasn't there, no one seemed to know about it, we had to be asked to be moved to a better area of the restaurant, the food arrived over an hour late - by then, most of the 25+ guests already were starving and ordered off the menu.  Service was slow so we ended up going to the bar on our own.  Most of the food I ordered was wasted, since people had already eaten.  Total disappointment.  When I tried to contact assistant manager and manager, neither bothered to actually contact me to find out how everything went or to return my calls.  Wow, they seemed so helpful when I was planning this expensive party, but after my credit card cleared, they didn't seem to care anymore.
2	Food atmosphere and beer are always great! The service here is the worst anywhere I have been in a long while. It's not just this visit it's all four visits I have made in the last year.
3	The experience of coming to Sandbar was decent but i don't think i would go again.  The service was the most disappointing aspect of it for me. To be fair they were very busy and I understand that but it was one disappointing aspect to the service tol many. To start off we didn't have menus for a good while after we got here. When our food did arrive finally i was left silverware-less for longer then I wanted to be when I was hungry from waiting for a good while earlier to even get my order in.  I had shredded beef enchiladas that were actually not bad. Not the best I've ever had but they were better than others as well with good black beans and rice as well.  My friend had fish tacos, and this part of my review is hearsay admittedly, but he didn't like them too much. He could tell that they had used frozen mahi. If you have fish that's been frozen you're not going to have a good time. Truth. So while I had food that was good enough my overall experience did not merit a return visit.
2	I went here for dinner and food was okay.I went here for a night out and it was packed. The music was not that great and neither was the crowd.  The bouncers gave us a hard time with our IDs because we were out of state. I would not recommend this place for a night out.I would however recommend this place for an afternoon football game and some beers.
3	This is a generous three stars.I don't get it.  This restaurant has mediocre Mexican food but the prices are reasonable. Every time I've been here the service has been terrible and this includes going for lunch when they weren't very busy. On one occasion my chips and salsa showed up after my entree was served and I'm still waiting on that drink refill.They do have a patio. But, it's right on Tatum Blvd. If your idea of a beach style patio includes thousands of vehicles whizzing by then you have found your place.I guess the draw here is the bar.  I wandered in with some friends one evening and the place was hopping. It was loud, crowded and packed with 20-somethings. For me, it was too loud, too crowded, and I've outgrown that "go out and get wasted" phase.But, if you're into that sort of thing - go for it.
1	ZERO stars. Food is awful. There is no reason that something as basic as a burger should be so bland. The people that work there are rude. A bouncer came over to open the "garage" and practically pushed me out of the way to get behind my chair. He didn't ask if I would move or even apologize for being practically on top of me.   Avoid this place at all costs.
1	I not sure what is worse.  Bad service, or no service at all. However,  taking a look at all the other reviews it seem the vast majority of complaints about this place. All revolve around their bad service, or lack thereof anything resembling service.Today, when I arrived with a group for a business meeting ,  we found ourselves waiting for so long for anyone to come over, that we eventually had to flag someone over to us.The kicker was, we had to do it many times before the "hostess" (don't say waitress,  it seems they get offended by it) came over.Once there, she lied to us. Saying, that we are needed to wait to get seated, and that the place we are seated our ourselves at, is a $200 reserved table. Yeah, I did not by that. Especially seeing that this place is not exactly a high end restaurant and the table was located outside in the baking Sun.My boss decided what the hell, he will pay the $200 and  it should not be a issue, since nobody is using this table anyway. Instead of accepting the money, the awful and very rude waitress... Sorry I mean hostess, made it clear she's not accepting our money and walked away. And there we sat.After, a few minutes we decided we're just gonna leave, seeing that we're not getting any service. However, before we did, my boss and a fellow co worker went to talk with the manager and found out, that they do not reserve those tables and that we are allowed to see ourselves wherever we want.I can only assume she had some kind of personal issue with us. Anyway - The damage was done .
3	Food is fair to "OK" but that's not why you come here.It's filled with TV's and music, sorta of like a wild college restaurant in Mexico, Spring Break vibe.
3	DANGGGGGGGGGGGG this place generally has terrible reviews. Why? I came here as a meeting spot to get on a party bus, and was actually surprised at how warm I was being that its generally an outdoor venue. My complaint: the bartenders werent very friendly. And we're very anti talking. Most bars I go to, when there's NO ONE at the bar, I appreciate not being rushed to order, here... They just want to talk amongst themselves as employees, very unprofessional if you ask me. The people that come here are pretty laid back, and a diverse crowd as well. I'd come back, but the drink deals aren't as impressive as other bars and their appetizers are mediocre. At least I can say I've tried it! Probably won't be back though, not unless I'm meeting friends who care for this place.
1	1 star for service. I don't know if they are under staffed but we waited 10 min for water, no chips and salsa. 1 star for cleanness. Food was okay but WAY over priced for what you get. I should have trusted my fellow yelpers...
4	This past weekend I had an excellent experience at Sandbar.  My two friends and I all enjoyed the happy hour prices available until 7 all weekend.  The food was delicious with reasonable prices. Our waitress was great and very helpful as this was our first visit to sandbar.  Fun atmosphere!  Would recommend to friends!
1	In all fairness Sandbar is a fun place to go, but keep track of your credit card if you use one there. The bartender forgot to give my card back to me, so I called the next day to see if they had it. I was told that they did, but when I went to pick it up, they couldn't find it. Frustrating!
1	When you go to a restaurant, you expect that you will be charged properly. I came here with a friend at midnight for the last couple hours of Cinco de mayo. I ordered 2 drinks (one for me and one for my friend). I paid my bill with my card and left a cash tip. Today I check my bank account and see that not only was I charged twice, but I was charged 2 different amounts. Now my account has been blocked and I somehow can't get a hold of the restaurant. They will never again get my patronage. Ridiculous.
4	This place has a cool vibe driving by its definitely an eye catcher. This is a sweet spot to drink a beer and be in a casual atmosphere and catch up with friends. They have a ton of TV's and its great for keeping up with games. Love that there's sand at the Sandbar! ! They have live music there which is awesome!!You must go there for Happy Hour their mini chimis are addicting!! Taco Tuesday is when you can get $2 tacos and $2 XX Equis its a deal!!!This is a super casual place service is good this isn't the Ritz Carlton so you won't get people waiting on your every specific need but hey its all good. The staff is friendly and they take care of you :)Come here for a good time!!
4	Hey! It's Wednesday! What luck! Half of craft beer! More reviews to come on this place! I've found a bar in here with helpful friendly staff. I'll be back!... Bonus motorcycle parking!
3	Younger crowd.  Good outdoor seating setup with outdoor bar and open air to indoor bar.  I was here for apps and drinks, and a second time just for a drink.  Reasonably priced for what you get.  Typical appetizers and beach themed drinks.  I wasn't expecting to be blown away by this place and I definitely was not.  Due to the location in relation to where I live, I will be back for lunch drinks.
2	Wings and nachos were good but our server was not so great... Overall was good but our server made it mediocre.
4	Me and a group of friends went here around 12:30 a.m. after leaving McFadden's on a Saturday. Ladies entered for free. $5 cover for guys.This place was POPPING. The DJ was on point! I stayed on the dance floor the WHOLE time that I was there... shaking my sh!t. lol. The crowd was a mixture of young, old, Caucasian, and Hispanic. ...Unsurprising, not many blacks. Bar service was quick.  Overall, great atmosphere. Everyone was festive!  If you want a place to meet friends, people watch, or dance the night away, this is your place.
4	Ok Taco Tuesday is amazing $ 2 tacos Nd they're not like street tacos they're big you don't have to order la million of them to get full. LolTheir margaritas are so yummy. They always seem to have some kind of special on diff days  like Mondays kids eat free with an entree I am so bringing the lil ones with me. I had a sweet attentive server her name was Amanda she really took care of me.She always made sure my water was filled and that we had everything that we needed.  I hear that they have awesome breakfast during the weekend I can't wait to try it Amanda told me about their bacon pancakes I must try those
2	The food is amazing, the atmosphere is fun,  but the service is really hit or miss! We've had five start service and we've had service that doesn't even deserve a star. It's such a shame because this place has such potential! If you have a lot of time on your hands go ahead and try it out. Last time we were there my husband had to walk back in the kitchen to get someone's attention after waiting to order for 45 minutes (with no drink or anything) Another thing I find weird is......sometimes we get chips and salsa, and sometimes we don't. I believe they are free, but not sure....
4	Overall good experience...It's a bar... not a place to eat IMO. Fun atmosphere...security needs to loosen up a bit but other than that can't complain.
1	come for drinks only food is pathetic ,feels like they have microwaved frozen chicken n served
3	This place left much to be desired- way too loud and disorganized for my taste. It was like a frat party for everyone is the area for after work drinks. Food was also sloppy and tasteless- I would PASS.
1	Average food and great atmosphere been going for years but lately the service is horrible.   Last  3 times sat for 20 plus minutes before server showed up and the beer is warm as well.   Not sure what changed but used to love this place now not so much.
5	I've come here at least once a week for some time now and have never had a bad experience.  There's a different crowd from night to night to liven things up, but there's is also a decent amount of regulars.  The staff and patrons alike are great people and there's always good times to be had.  Their menu is varied in style and all delicious. definitely a radd place to spend any night of the week at because here's always some sort of special going on.
3	Weekends are busy and service can be a hit or miss.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!! My girlfriend was verbally assaulted and intimidated tonight by the bar staff. I had gone to the restroom and while my girlfriend was sitting outside at the pub tables a bouncer "Jaime" had tripped on a stool positioned in front of our table. He used profane language and told my girlfriend that she needed to get the (sensored) out. I came back to another bouncer "escorting" my girlfriend out. She was terrified and the abusive and profane language these people were using made her fear for her safety as a 100 lb female alone vs a couple 200+ lb guys. She promptly asked for the manager to which she was told they were too busy for her. She looked up the manager "Scott" on the website from her phone and spoke with him and was told he would be with her shortly, but he was a no-show (I even left several messages and no answer). I spoke with several bouncers who told me that I could not speak with a manager unless I had a tab open. The head of security was willing to talk but offered little help except to come back tomorrow.This place is dangerous!!! Any place that encourages and defends their position to verbally batter a sober female who is alone is going to find themselves in a very serious legal position. I will not be bringing my business here and am going to actively pursue changes in their management for the safety and perceived safety of those who come here.I hope they read this and try to contact me... That would be the first response I've had from these people.
1	I absolutely hate this place.  Don't come here and plan to visit the guests you're with.  It's loud, the bar was sticky, the bartender wasn't friendly.  My $10 Patron marg, was terrible.  Every time someone wants to meet up there, I have to be the b*tch and recommend someplace else.  Like the other reviewer, Melanie, said , it was too disorganized, too loud, sloppy food etc.  It's a meat market no matter your age.
1	Watch out! The bartenders change the price of drinks. We ordered the same drink three times and got three different totals. The staff is REALLY rude! All of then seem annoyed to work there. I have to assume its poor management.
3	Good appetizers & great happy hour prices! We had the mini chimis and cheese quesadilas. We went there not too hungry, on a Sat afternoon. Was a bit taken aback to see young waitresses that looked like minors, showing way too much cleavage. i am sure they are not minors. Felt like telling them to go home & wear a real shirt :) Anyway, I guess that is the vibe they are going for. Did not seem like a lewd place though and there weren't any misbehaved drunks or anything. But it was noon.
1	We had lunch here today, food is good even my son's meal is late.. Our server probably had a bad day, not smiling and unapologetic. She serve us a water with "fly"... Did not even say "sorry"... She just said.."ohhh" then left change the water.. Im not coming back here..
1	Negative star for you Sand Bar!!!! HAPPY HOUR IS A RIP OFF!!! Why did I ask my waitress for happy hour deals and when my bill came they were at full price. Also my friend got sick from the food and then we were asked to leave. Just because she had a drink does not justify  that she was drunk. I spoke to the manager to explain my issues he was very rude and disrespectful. I think the only thing he should be managing is the BATHROOMS!!!!! So what if the place had sand outside I think I would have better service in Rocky Point. Not to mention better food. I'm sure they would have been more accommodating. IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A NICE PLACE THIS ISNT IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	So I have driven by this place many times and it always looks packed so I thought I would give it a try. Sat out in the patio where they had misters and good music but that was the best part of my whole experience. I ordered combo tacos which were all cold and lacked flavor. The waitress rarely came to our table and the iced tea was watered down. I will definitely never return to this place.
1	Anyone that tells you they have fast service and great drinks is a liar. I have been forced for years to meet at the Sandbar before going on bike rides or a central point for everyone to meet before we all go out. Bartenders...suck, slow and pour weak drinks...make that expensive weak drinks. The servers missing in action, screw up orders constantly and lack any kind of customer service. The only reason this place is still around (unlike the others that failed miserably) is because its the only freaking place in North Phx to go. I pray for another place to open soon to put these guys out of business.
3	Cool happy hour place.
4	It was a full house on Friday, but we snuck into a table, avoiding the hostess desk. Had a nice waiter who gave us free chips and salsa (the green is better) and then we tried the something off the $6 app menu. We had the taquitos, chicken, not beef, but the fact that only three of them come with an order is kind of a ripoff, especially when you are sharing. Basically, you gotta let you date have two and you are left starving after one measly taquito. Anyway, the beers are still three bucks and she had a glass of wine and champagne, both were five bucks. It's a madhouse on Friday and a decent people watching place, but a bigger bang for my happy hour buck is needed.
1	Reserved a cabana to celebrate 4 birthdays at 7 pm on a Saturday.  Got there and got our party started, eating, drinking, dancing...at 10:15 pm the bouncers come over and tell us we have to be out by 10:30 pm that they sold it to another party that was starting at 10:30 pm.  What!?!?  We paid $500 minimum for 3.5 hours...are you kidding me!!!!!  The management is shady and we will not be back...EVER!  No mention of this when booking the cabana...just the $500 minimum...SHADY!!!!  I would give zero stars but you have to pick one.
3	Really like this place little far from home for me but enjoy it! Little crazy at times super crowded.
1	Don't waste your money here. Especially on a cabana. Once you hit the amount you have to spend ($300 minimum) they kick you out. It was our friends birthday and we planned on celebrating all night but instead service was horrible and we were asked to leave once we spent $300. When asked for a detailed transaction receipt, our server said "Seriously?". I will never go back and I'll make sure my friends never go there. I didn't even want to give them a star rating. Hate this place.
2	It was our first time at sandbar, me and a friend got the jalepeno mac n cheese. And my boyfriend got the calamari. The jalepeno mac was missing the cheese and jalepeno...it was tateless. And my bf had a hair in his calamari! The waitress we had seemed to have an attitude, and when I told her it was our first time here she didn't even explain the menu. I don't think she even introduced herself. The only reason I gave this place two stars is because the manager was very sweet and gave my bf a new plate of calamari and took it off our bill. She was very apologetic! Other than that, my experience was not great and I would rate it less.
3	We've been here twice since moving to the area. It's just ok. The outside porch area is where all the fun is at. They had a live cover band going on Friday night that was great. Covered all the 80s hair band songs. The beer was not cold. It was disappointing. The food was just ok. Go here for atmosphere, not the menu
2	The music was a way too loud but the food was delicious. We ended up eating in "silence" because having a conversation was impossible.
4	Visiting Phoenix and YELP is always out fist go to- I think they called the ratings wrong on this one.  The waitstaff is superb, beer is COLD (always a plus in my book) great parking, super price point and the food is really good.   Jalepeno cheese curds were not greasy and just enough of a bite to keep you wanting more.  We ordered Ahi Tuna tacos and chicken enchiladas.  Ahi tacos are fresh, perfectly seats with some heat- they are on jicama tacos- adds a fresh taste a little hard to handle but delicious.  Chicken enchiladas are not greasy, good spice perfect amount of sauce, cheese and chicken.  We will be back before we leave Phoenix!!!
3	Number one option in desert ridge for a casual drink.  Sandbar is a good place to go to meet people whether at night or during the day.  Sometimes you have to watch out for some lame people at night but for the most part the clientele is good.  Servers are pretty hospitable.  Though I usually do not eat the food is not bad and they have a decent taco Tuesday deal. Sit out at the patio if you can stand a little smoke.
3	I've read other reviews about this place and will agree it is not for everyone's tastes.  The food is slightly above average but you actually get a decent amount of it for the price.  I always prefer to go during happy hour and find the wait staff very friendly and attentive enough.  They can be a little slow during that time due to shift changes and sometimes there is some waitstaff drama (probably because they aren't as busy).I give them 3 stars because they "are who I thought they were!"  If the DJ is annoying or the bartenders aren't talking to you, maybe go during happy hour and you'll get a different vibe of the place.
3	Love this place! Service can be pretty slow with the cocktail girls, but the atmosphere is like no other bar! Sand in your feet beer in your hand!  Literally!  We went for Halloween and had a great time! But there were some gross creepy crawlers around, and I don't think it was apart of the Halloween decor...anyways definitely a good time!
3	Place is awesome, great atmosphere, great people. Terrible DJ though, guy thinks it's a night club. They need a dj that plays music for an outdoor bar, not a grind and rub club!
1	The service is great but the value for your dollar forget. Two dollar taco Tuesday must be for an empty shell cause I when received the bill certain meats cost more and there is hardly any in the shell. Big rip-off.  Go to taco bell better value more meat.
3	Just alright....If you go for appetizers, chips and salsa, guac and such, should be good!  Decent service, good drinks, super busy seemingly all the time, mostly a "meat market" type crowd.
1	Meant to do this a while ago, but forgot.  Went with family of 4. Not young kids, but teenagers.  Food was ok, but it took us a long time to get seated and it's just WAY TOO LOUD!  We joked the entire time, how this place is like a "meat market!"  Definitely NOT a family place to dine.  The entertainment was watching people get "hit on!"  Not my cup of tea but I suppose, if I were younger and single, it might be a fun place.  Just not for a family, at all!
2	Ehh... Great place to grab drinks with friends. The food is nothing to go out of your way for. They would do better during lunch hours if they ran better lunch specials as their are a lot of business people in the area looking for a decent place to sit down for lunch. Tried a few different things on the menus and nothing has ever left me craving for it again. I have gone there on Friday and Saturday night for music and drinks and this tends to be the best time to enjoy what sandbar is about.
4	This place is a meat market.Not a judgement. Just callin' it like I see it.
2	Two star only because my waitress wasn't a b and the cheese dip was good. This place is like walking into a frat house. The seats felt rather sticky, pretty gross. And since it was dark at night, you don't know what the heck are on those leather. Service was super slow. The waitresses definitely has something to "showcase." My guy friends were definitely starring lmao! I came here for a friend's bday. The outside patio was packed. Inside was loud, but they played great music. The food, besides the cheese dip is nothing to be raving about. My tamale was dry and overcooked. Either that or it was frozen o.o Guacamole was alright. Salsa was good. Basically foods were meh. Drinks were good though. I don't think I'd come back unless it's for a friend or something. Definitely not my type of scene xD
1	Went to Sandbar on Sat. specifically because their website advertised happy hour from noon - 7:00pm.  When we asked our waitress about it she indicated the Sat. happy hour had been discontinued since Aug.  After 4 months they should have been able to update their website.  At this point it is becoming a case of false advertising!
2	This place has a really cool concept going, it's an awesome layout and cool beachy vibe. Unfortunately, although the food is okay, the specialty drinks are no bueno-- way too sweet and hardly a hint of tequila... a downer for a place with a separate tequila menu!  The house margarita was a smidge better, but the rrrreeeaally loud music in there (especially for a social bar / restaurant, not a dance party) made for a place I'd recommend skipping entirely.
4	Such a fun place! Came here for a bday shindig but was way more captivated by the Chargers game. There were plenty of tvs which I very much appreciated. The staff was attentive wo being annoying. Drinks were cheap and crowd was not too shabb. This would be a fun spot for Sunday football as well. Not sure if you need to pay for the cabanas.. But it's a pretty cool concept. Would def come back
1	Horrible service and bland food... I would tell the waitress if she would come back. Took her 30 min and I had to finally tell her we would like some chip and salsa and would like to order our meal. The only positive was the 100 TVs for sports. For an average of $12 a plate I expect more.
