3	We came here recently after the other Sears concept, The Great Indoors closed. As the name implies, this is appliance showroom. It also carries more than just Kenmore products.The store is on the small side and you might feel claustrophobic inside. They have arranged the appliances on both sides of the long wall and have created a center row as well. At showroom, they have the new "induction" cook-tops, as well as gas and regular electric smooth-top in both 30" and 36". We were pretty impress by the choices, and the prices seem comparable to those at The Home Depot and Lowes.  I would suggest shopping around, as we have, for the best price.
1	We had a schedule appliance repair contracted through our home warranty company. The scheduled appointment was between 9am -noon on 06-06-2012. At 12:20 we called to see where the technician was. We were informed that he was running 30 minutes late, which would have meant that  it would be at 12:50pm.At 12:55pm,  I received a call from Sears to make sure that the refrigerator was working and to our satisfaction. I told the woman from India that no one has shown up. She stated that the ticket was closed out at 12:10pm and the service was repaired. I told her no, that wasn't the case. She put me on hold then came back on the line and said that they had attempted to call three times and left. That was a blatant lie. No one called my number.  She told me she wasn't going to argue or get in between what the tech was saying and me. I asked to talk to her supervisor. She said that they were all in meetings. I told her that I would wait. She said you can't. I asked for her name and then she hung up on me. I called back the number and asked to speak to a supervisor. I was then placed on hold for 29 minutes. At the 29th minute, your company hung up on me. Luckily as I was calling back in, the supervisor called me. She was apologetic and stated that the reason was we lived in a gated community. I told her yes and the tech had the gate code. She couldn't get the tech to come back out until June 12th. Another week later. I am very disappointed that you have chosen to outsource your calls to India and have such rude people representing your company.  When I asked if the call could be listened to and have the employee spoken to, the supervisor told me that it was impossible for them to trace the call as they don't record conversations on outbound calls. Based on my experience with Sears, I would not recommend the service company ever again to repair my appliances, nor would I recommend anyone to buy from Sears. The lack of professionalism and courtesy is clearly lacking.
