5	Great salon!!  My daughter and i went here to get a Deep Conditioning Treatment with Aroma Therapy, Hair cut and Blow Out as we got a great coupon through Living Social.  We came early on a Thursday and met with Adrianna.  She was AMAZING!!  What a sweetie pie!  And she really knows her stuff too!!  We had a great time of pampering and gabbing at a great price and super friendly atmosphere!  The appt was supposed to be for two of us but my daughter goofed when she called and so she was only expecting one of us to come in, but Adrianna squeezed us both in with out skimping of service and did a fantastic job!  I think I may go back for a cut and color.  I will let you know how that goes!!  OH!  And she is also licensed to do the Brazilian Blow Out Treatment!!  LOVE IT!
5	Just went back for cut and color.  Adriana totally hooked me up!  Went from platinum blond to a deep vibrant red and she got the color spot on!!  She is so sweet and easy to be around it felt like spending the morning with a friend.  Reasonably priced, Excellent service, relaxed atmosphere and I got exactly what I asked for. Such a great change from paying too much for salon trauma!  I will definitely be going back to her on a regular basis! So glad I found her!!!  If you go there (and you really should) ask for Adriana and tell her I sent you!!  She will treat you right!!
1	If you are looking for a massage, look elsewhere because John the Masseuse is HORRIBLE.I paid for a 60 minute massage that lasted about 42 minutes.  On top of that, the massage was awful.  There was no fluidity in the massage movements.  I did not feel he got into my muscles.  He pinched my skin 4 times and each time I jumped off the table in pain.  You'd think after the first incident he would have got a clue.  Not.  I felt no kind of therapeutic relief or relaxation during or after I got off the table.He does not provide a sheet for the client.  Instead he has a modest sized bath towel that he drapes over your back.  And, when you go to turn over, he holds the towel in the air, to cover HIS eyes, so he doesn't see your breasts exposed.  How unprofessional!!!There are too many good Massage Therapists in this town to waste your time and money here.
4	This is a little place off the beaten path but well worth it. I originally found it through a Groupon coupon and had John Davis as my massage therapist. All I can say is I was butter after he finished and signed up for weekly sessions. Very pleasant atmosphere.
4	I went in to see Ric for a hair cut and I am thrilled with the result.  Thus, I'm compelled to tell the Yelping world about how wonderful Ric is and how nice the salon was.  From the moment I entered, I was welcomed in as a guest.  Each stylist rents out their own space, but I can speak for Ric's, who shares his space with Danielle, they were both very professional and had a very fun and relaxing space.  The other nail techs and stylists seemed busy but friendly.  I recommend Infiniti to those in search of some style!
5	Erica has been cutting my hair for about 3 years now. She's extremely friendly and a natural at what she does. I usually give her a quick idea on what I want and trust her to make me look awesome (which she never fails to do).
5	There's only one person I trust in the world cutting my hair and that's Erica at Infiniti Creations. I call her the hair sculptor for a reason, she is amazing in every aspect.
5	Erica has such a way with hair! I came in with damaged hair that I had pretty much given up on. After sitting down and talking to Erica about products and treatment, I left actually excited about my hair! Then when I actually sat down to have my hair done, I was blow away! The cut was great and has grown out perfectly. The color was beautiful and rich and made my hair feel really smooth and healthy. And with the products she recommended, my ends are starting to heal and my natural shine has finally returned! YAY! So thank you so much, Erica!
5	Erica is a master of color and fingers of gold!
5	This place is awesome! Look for for Erica, I promise she will take care of you! She is the real deal! 10/10 stars highly recommended.
5	I walked into Infiniti Creations and asked for Erica.  I just told her I wanted a Million $$ haircut because I was meetingbwith an important group of Leaders and close friends.  What she did with that was to give me a youthful, updated cut that I've been getting some great compliments on.  Erica is an artist that is not afraid to trust her instincts.
5	I called on a Saturday morning inquiring about a last min. same day massage appt.  The receptionist, Shea-Lynn, I think, was extremely helpful.  She only had 1 "possible" appt but wanted to make sure so she politely asked me if she could call me back so she could call the massage therapist, before confirming.  The receptionist soon called back saying they could get me in :]Got there, filled out the routine paperwork, my massage therapist Glenda promptly came out and we soon got started.   Glenda was AMAZING!!!My 90 Min. Swedish/Deep Tissue massage was incredible from start to finish.  It's def. been a while since I had a deep tissue massage so my trouble areas were in horrible shape.  I do prefer the deeper pressure when getting a massage and Glenda def. provided that.  Glenda worked out my trouble spots and it felt great!She even had Pandora and offered me any station of my choice.  My kind of music + a fantastic massage = PURE BLISS ;]
5	Being addicted to both Groupon AND massage, I landed here. I was feeling very tense after a rough week and thought "what are the chances I get right in?" I called for an appointment and got one the same day! My masseuse was Phil. He was super busy that day, and I'm lucky to have gotten squeezed in as the last appointment.This place does everything, so if you want a spa day, here you go, just know that you will likely hear the chitchat of people getting manicured and blow-dried, while getting your massage.This sort of thing does not bother me, so away we go. Phil was amazing-he asked all the important questions: what area would you like concentration on, where should I avoid, what pressure do you like...etc. I got a combination 90min Swedish/deep tissue. I have a "thing" for enjoying massages that make me feel like I got my ass kicked when I leave; I love those. I got one of those, but trust me, if you don't like severe deep pressure, you say so. You can't be a quiet wallflower when getting a massage, otherwise you won't enjoy your would-be relaxing and amazing experience.Will I return? Most certainly, to Phil. I will likely visit for other things too, since hey are offered. Try it out, it's off the strip :)Office staff is friendly too, they let me borrow scissors to cut off my plastic club bracelet before my appt. lol
5	Had a 90 min custom facial by Jules today!!!The best facial I ever had!!!! I'll definitely be back!l she was very professional, sweet & informative!! Clean, comfortable private room... Felt very relaxed... Highly recommend Jules.. She even massaged my feet back and shoulders... Took extra time over the 90 min... Very affordable & definitely worth every penny spent... Thank you Jules!!!!
5	We received GREAT massages from Phillip and another female. They were professional. Recommend 100%
5	Got my first massage in years with Phil today, he was AMAZING! My back needed a lot of work and he knew exactly what to do. He was very knowledgable and took his time. I will definitely be back to see him!
5	I've been going to Victoria since 1999!!  I've never thought of going any where else.  She and Hector have created a very professional and welcoming barber shop/salon/day spa experience in Infiniti Creations.  They've taken care of my whole family!!  I've given massages and spa services as gifts and everyone has raved about it.I strongly recommend them to everyone!  Tell them Chris Fraley sent you!
2	I recently had a groupon for this salon and chose this salon because it was close to my home and got great reviews. The cut and style were good, but in no way did the stylist know how to foil hair. He thought that 5 foils would cover it and couldn't grasp what I was telling him as to how it should be done. Maybe I wasn't conveying the message well because-well-everyone  up until now has known how to foil my hair-they just do it. What irked me is that he was telling me that this was how it was done when I was telling him that there are at least 10-12 foils with EVERY other salon I had been to and it took him forever to put those in! Very inexperienced and telling me that I was wrong when I have been getting this done for 25 years. My hair looked no different than when I walked in-not really.  No more groupons for hair for me-the salon will give you the most inexperienced person in the salon. Nice guy but would never go back again-complete waste of money. I didn't tell the owner/manager of the salon because it was my mistake even going to this place.
1	My gf sent me as a treat and it was the worst massage ever. I left before finishing the 90 minutes. I probably feel better massaging myself. So very disappointed.
