3	GF Alert!I have to say, I'm not a fan of Tesco and I usually associate it as Stress-co. Usually the queues are too big, there are not enough staff on the tills and a 5 minute dash in turns into a marathon assault course, where I come out minus what I went in search of.I also find Tesco or Stress-co to be a bit more expensive than other supermarkets so I think it would be an expensive option to do the weekly shopping here, although most people who do, balance this trade off with Clubcard points.I do occasionally venture to the store in Colinton Mains. Its near home and work. Its bigger and, this is the lure, it has a decent sized gluten free (or free from) section.Tesco have started to do the full range of Genius Gluten Free Products (Pittas, Naan Breads, Loaves (Seeded, Brown and White), Teacakes, Croissants and Pan Au Chocolat) as well as own label products. They have also started to stock Robertsons fresh brown and white gluten free bread - the brown is delish and is low calorie and doesn't fall apart when its used for making sandwiches. Its the GF section which lures me here and it is probably why I will return as Asda's GF section just isn't the same and Sainsbury's sells out of fresh bread very quickly. If you are looking for a good range of GF products, it is worth a visit.
2	Just went in here for my breakfast stuff after taking a walk. Believe it or not, men in their early 20's go for walks early in the morning on their days off.Went in here for a pint of milk for my stupendous amounts of coffee that I need, 2 days out of date? I took them to one of the girls who was doing reductions and all that was said back was "oh gosh they shouldn't be there".Having worked in Tesco a few years ago, I know full well that it is much better for a customer to find an out of date product and not a duty manager or mystery shopper.A thank you wouldn't have went a miss.Either way, a Tesco is a Tesco, they are built to look the same. I should have remembered that.It's a shame that I know so many people that work in the Bruntsfield store that give Tesco a good name, then it is ruined by people who don't care.Hopefully this is the only bad review I ever give on Yelp.
