5	Gallo Miller's people are friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful.  They work really well with the insurance company, but keep you fully up to date on what's going on.  They're happy to explain everything they're going to do, and everything they did.Better still, their work is excellent.  I took in my car after a hit & run driver pretty much took out my entire passenger side. They estimated that it would take 12 business days to repair the damage .. but they got it done in only 9 business days!  And my car looks like new.The paint match is perfect (and they gave me a little bottle of touch up paint to cover future dings).The only thing I could ask for is that they take credit cards, which, alas, they do not.
5	Gallo Miller is one of the best auto body repair shops I have ever used! The friendly, knowledgeable staff makes getting your car's booboo fixed as painless as possible. They are booked several weeks out, but worth the wait if you can. They coordinate with your insurance company, complete the work as promised and you get your vehicle back beautifully repaired and clean! It is obvious that they really care about the customer, how refreshing!! They do not take credit cards, but they let you know that up front so you can be prepared to pay your part when you pick up your car.
1	Guys did very good job fixing my car after a small accident. They've dealt with the insurance company and explained everything exceptionally well. Everything was superb. They definitely take pride in what they do.I give them only one star because they broke a button (pulled it out and lost) on my stereo while cleaning the interior. When I pointed it out, they've promised to replace it. It's been three weeks of silence now.They'll get 5 stars from me when they keep their promise.
5	Fortunately have had no past experience with body shops, but can't say enough about the experience I did have at Gallo Miller. The staff kept me updated every step of the way. Only complaint was that it took a month to get in, but that's blamed on the rough winter. When it did come time to take my car in, I was able to take it in a few days early and it was done by the original drop off date. Highly recommend working with them for no fuss, great customer service and high quality work.
1	I was very disapointed with their service. It took a month to get in. I figured they were good so it is worth waiting. Wrong! My story is this....I took my Cadilac Escade in to have a dent from my boat fixed (which were the results from a storm). I also had my trash can collide with the front of the vehicle and roll over the hood. I wanted it all fixed. Mr. Miller (part owner) estimated it, took pictures of both the dent and front of the vehicle. I got my insurance check and took it in a month later. They had it a week. My wife went and picked it up and saw that the front damage was not repaired. I called and informed them that it was not finished, the front end was not done. Mr. Miller had me bring it in and show him what i was talking about. I did. He argued with me about it a while and then remembered our conversation about the trash can. He went in to see the estimate and saw he took pictures of it and realized he made a mistake. I told him I wanted it in right away. He said no that he had cars without roofs there that is ahead of me. I said really? Are these people living in these cars? I was here first and you didnt finish the job. He said sorry it will be weeks before he could get it in. He refused to put me ahead of anyone. Are you kidding me!!!!! I was already ahead of everyone!!! I do not write reviews ever and this Mr. Miller actually lives down the road from me but who cares! I want everyone to know what type of business is being ran there and share it with everyone. Needless to say I did not take it back!
