4	This place has great service, the employees are nice and immediately greet you as you walk in. As Aurora is new, the show room and their showcases are a bit empty, but i expect them to eventually find their perfect balance.I like their lounging area, still, a little empty for the time being, very comfortable couches and chairs, and Netflix! Haven't been to any other Vape shop that allows you to watch what you want to watch. Not yet at least.Aurora sells Pink Spot E-Juice and if i can recall correctly their own brand, do not quote me on this.Overall needs improvement with showcase and overall ambience, Customer service is Fantastic, Products are "pay for what you get," and E-Juice is good (in my opinion, some of my friends love PsV so its preference). Lots of time and room to improve, i expect good things from Aurora Vapors. Will be back!
5	I was originally turned off of ecigs due to how inconvenient it was to buy cartridges online.  I decided to see what other products there were now that you can buy most of this stuff in local stores.I went to several places before coming across this one.  Aurora had the best selection of starter kits I found.The eRoll was a superior product from what I had purchased before.  However I have to say the service here was great.  The gentleman behind the counter was patient and knowledgable.  Made the purchase and decision making process very easy.  I'll definitely come here when I get a larger lounging around the house vaporizer to supplement my smaller more discrete work ecig.Check it out, good place.
5	Started coming here since they first opened. The owner Anthony has always been helpful in anything that you need! Prices are great compared to other places and can satisfy any of your Vaping needs. Always helpful and attentive service, too. Good variety of mods from beginner to the moderate level of Vaping expertise. Thanks for always providing great help.
5	I have been to pretty much all the vape spots in town, and for being a smaller shop this place has everything the big shops have to offer.. they have very knowledgeable staff, competitive prices, and name brand products.  Another thing I love about this place is they also carry some smoke shop type products... so they have a little bit of everything!! I will be back for sure!
