2	First, a positive note. They have significantly reduced the drive thru time, which used to be incredibly long. The food itself is fine in taste, but they need to appreciate the importance of attractive food presentation. I go there because of the boxed meal. It packs a good portion of food in a small, reasonably priced area. I love a box! The Taco Bell Big Box Meal, the Taco Bell Volcano Box Meal...it doesn't have to just be Taco Bell - Long John Silvers Snack Box, the KFC Guitar Hero Box... chances are, if its a box, I am going to eat it. So imagine my disappointment when the box meal comes in a bag. The server indicated they were out of boxes. This isn't the first time I have ordered from this location and went home box-less. It should be a simple analysis of sales, projection of sustainable demand and the appropriate number of boxes ordered. How difficult is that? Even worse, I get home with my Volcano Bag Meal and the volcano taco is busted in three places. It is more or less a volcano taco salad. The second taco was a regular taco and it was broken along the bottom - so one bite and the contents were on the paper. What are they doing back there with the tacos?  The cinnamon twists were fine and so was the volcano burrito - then again its more difficult to break a burrito...So Taco Bell, let's get the presentation down. If you are going to advertise a box, give me a box.
2	Only been here once due to hunger desperation.  The employees appeared distant and uncaring.  They might have had a bad day earlier, I couldn't tell, but it's called "customer service" for a reason.  Don't complain about a customer right in front of people standing in line; it's rude, unprofessional, and upsetting.They get two stars for having the 5 layer cheesy beefy sour creamy burrito thingy....but every taco bell has that.
3	Not bad overall, but it's definitely hit or miss on the employees level of apathy. The drive thru closes earlier than most Taco Bells for some reason.
4	Clean, fas,t Americanize Mexican food. Always a good choice at 12 AM when a nothing better is around.
4	This is close to home, so we find ourselves here often. We make special requests on our orders all the time - and they have never messed it up! We are consistently impressed with all of the employees friendliness at the drive through. Best Taco Bell we have ever been to (and we have been to a lot!)
1	Zero stars if possible. Went there and saw 5 cars in the drive thru, decided to go in and order. 5 employees working, all focused on drive thru, no one acknowledged us for 5 minutes as I timed it. Ordered a Mountain Dew Slush and no one had replenished the mix, employee seemed bothered that they had to refill machine. Whole thing took 10 minutes and still no drink. Cancelled my 1 drink order, manager on duty had no clue what to do or say. Will never be back.
4	Good experience this visit with very friendly employees. Makes all the difference. Food was warm and tasty.
5	we go here once a month. love this place. food is very good and prices are great. service is decent.
5	Love this place of all the Taco Bells, employees actually know what they are doing. Food is always correct and employees friendly.
