5	I could get gross and gushy about this obscenely awesome comic convention, so I'm just going to keep it concise and make a list:Cheap, $15 a dayLots (LOTS) of trades and resales availableTons of collectibles, toys, video, posters, etcDippin' Dots Big names come, a longer list each yearSmall names too - Indie Island is huge and stuffed with talent, online and printThere's beerAnd pizzaSolution to not being a crowd person - come on SundayIf you haven't been, tsk tsk. Next year's is only 350-something days away - could be time for a forehead tatt.
4	Heroes con is for pretty serious collectors but there's plenty for kids, anime fans, and Star Trek / Star Wars freaks too.  Last year there were several Storm Troopers and others dressed in their favorite science fiction getup.  They also have a lot of pretty famous comic book artists show up.  I was amazed to see my favorite artist from when I was a kid sitting there signing autographs.  It's a fun more geeky, less freaky weekend.
5	My favorite comic convention to attend. It's well worth the 4 hour drive to visit every year.The price to attend is great: $15/day or $30/3 Day pass when bought in advance.There is always a great selection of writers and artists from the world of comics, films, novels, and even animation in attendance. There is a high level of geeky/nerdy fun to be had here. Really something for every one.
5	If you are a self proclaimed comic book junkie ( I am not). If you are into fantasy and SciFi ( I am not) and if you get off dressing up like your favorite comic book character (I do not) then this is the place for you. Please allow me to add a disclaimer, I have nothing against comics or their readers. It's more me, I'm embarrassed to say. I never learned how to read a comic book. You have text, pictures and speak bubbles all in a block layout. Dear God what do I read or look at first? It makes me dizzy so therefore I choose not to read them.Yesterday I lost my Comic Book Convention virginity thanks in part to my children who are Super Hero obsessed. I have to say, if you can look beyond the weirdness, is that even possible, then you will have a good/great time there. The vendors with their boxes and boxes and more boxes of comic books are a little overwhelming but most of them have the books in alphabetical order (thank you Jesus). All of the vendors I spoke to were very knowledgeable about their offerings and I think they found me amusing considering I was walking around asking for more "girlie girl" comics. You know, more wholesome books for my daughter who didn't need to see the ladies with the over sized boobies in a g string and fingernails as long as my arm. We settled for some Archie books for a buck ($). Success!My favorite part of the day, the ARTISTS that were on hand actually drawing on the spot these incredible images. OMG, they were AMAZING and mesmerizing to watch. It was an honor to be in the same room with some truly amazing talent. One of the guys we were with (who owns a comic book store in Fayetteville) told me that a lot of the artists there were unpublished. What? How can these people not be recognized for this work? This my friends is why next year you need to go to this convention. If for nothing else then to soak in the sights of the people doing what they do best and to recognize them and the talent they were blessed with. So go hang out in blocks 600,700 and 800. These artists will blow you away!
5	HeroesCon is different than many other cons out there because it still focuses mainly on the comic books and not the latest movie, tv series, or video game. All of the local stores come out so you get to see a lot of familiar faces at the booths. There are a plethora of artists and writers who get tables so you can watch them work and get to meet them. Looking for merch? This con has plenty of merch booths. My favorite parts of this con are the cosplay and discovering local independent businesses (Like HandmadeStuffs, HeroSquares, TeeMinus24, etc.). The attendees are a great variety of demographics. People are very amicable and have no trouble striking up conversations with strangers. Cosplayers are very gracious and willing to strike a pose or chat. I've been going to HeroesCon for well over 5 years now and it keeps getting better without losing the aesthetic that keeps packing people in. Tip: don't want a convention lunch? You're already in uptown so take a walk to any number of restaurants. Don't want to take a long break? Fuel Pizza has a location directly across from the main entrance. Tip: Heroes Aren't Hard to Find (HeroesOnline) are on Twitter and Facebook. Follow them to get updates on the Con, who will be attending, and ticket info.
5	This place is a dream come true for me! Every year I look forward to it. Tons of shopping, cosplaying and art! If you like comics, cosplay, art or all of the above, this is just for you.
5	Who are you? Well if you like comics and the art life of sci-fi or anime/manga I really recommend this place. Staff are super friendly, have a question? They are willing to answer and always with a smile! A plus if you guys bond over something awesome. Not in stock? Not a problem, these people are more then happy to let you know if they can get it for you or where to get it. This is great place for all your geeks needs ^.^
5	Heroescon is really cool albeit mainly for the access to the artists. From unpublished to published to vets and greenhorns, there is some serious talent amongst the ranks. The best part is most of them are really friendly and approachable even if some are big names. It definitely feels more art centric here. Last time I attended, they had the dealer's room and artist's alley within the same space. I think that's their norm though. I personally love that. I'm not much of a fan of the mentality where people will fling money at just the dealers then hit the alley and go "poop, if only I'd known you were here! I'd have bought that awesome commission or print" or what have you. Most people I know will prowl the whole room first memo-ing what they want or just what immediately strikes them. Needless to say, I like Heroes' set up.The dealers also weren't jacking up prices sky high which was refreshing. You'll still find those sky high prices but a majority of items were run on deals. Most people bring an inventory list of what they need for their collection anyway... It's a good idea since there is a likely chance you'll find at least some of it at a nice price.I've had an artist's alley table here & just attended. I enjoyed the attending more, mostly, as I was sharing a table with a few others, and it was kinda crowded. They supply 2 chairs but for extra you can get a third. Table prices were reasonable too.One particular thing I noticed was the con wasn't as cosplay heavy. At least when I last attended, roughly a year ago, it might have been in the last go around since cosplay's popularity spike, but I was surprised not to at least see more western comic or comic cosplays as one might encounter at Dragoncon. But I guess, since Heroes isn't a heavy party con, it'd not attract them which is fine. Don't get me wrong though, there are still cosplayers killing it in their awesome costumes. You'll see enough on a Saturday at least. Just not everyone and their grandma in costume as it is at some cons.At nights they also have drink & draws. I'm not much a drinker, but it's a really cool way to socialize with other artists and the comic book industry people. Heroes is probably the most chill conwith an older, mature attendance. Very family-oriented too and near 7th Street Market so huge wins all around.If you're an aspiring comic artist, I'd definitely make my way there to check it out. Some insightful people attend here.
