4	I found them thro the KSHP website. At first I had some problems with them not showing up for appointments( i would schedule an appointment and they just wouldnt show up and not answer any calls), but when they finally showed up they were quick clean and professional. The prices were great my i used a $100.0 gift certificate that i purchased for $40.00 from KSHP.COM it covered my entire service! when roto rooter quoted me $300-$400 I will use them again.
4	Saturday morning my wife and I find our hot water heater is leaking, my wife is in a panic, however I know Lowes is very far away. I called my favorite Lowes Store on Marks Street, in Henderson, NV. I asked for Rob, the store manager, but I was lucky to get Ana, the assistant store manager, she told me that Lowes has contractors that do emergency repairs such as hot water heaters. I drove over and Mark in pluming helped me picked out a 50 gallon, gas hot water heater. He also pointed out the accessories needed to complete the job. He took me to customer service where Ana and Shawn had already started my paper work in a computer just waiting for me. Even though I was very distressed they still took time to offer the best deal for my money, free financing or 5% off.  Long story short, the contractors from Lowes showed up ready to work from C&B Plumbing, they were very professional and quick, with-in a couple hours they had picked up my hot water heater, delivered it and set it up, showed me the features, and took away the old hot water heater for me. It was a wonderful experience as it was.
5	Got a certificate from the radio shopping show to get my garbage disposal replaced. I was very satisfied with the technician they sent out. He was in and out in less than an hour, made sure there were no leaks, and gave me a couple tips on how to keep the blades sharp.
1	Military families especially DO NOT USE!If I could give them ZERO stars, I would.  We had a water leak and so our home warranty company sent these "professionals" out. They said without seeing water, they can't fix anything but they decided to go into the attic to look anyways. So my husband went up with the technician, and he found the leak. Then he told us even though he found the leak, they couldn't fix it because they didn't see water on the outside of the door. They tried telling us that they wanted to cut a 1 ft x 1 ft hole in the wall to find the leak..... That they already found and showed my husband. But if they don't find the leak inside the wall (which they wouldn't because the leak was in the attic,) then they wouldn't fix the wall. The next few days/weeks the water leaked through our door frame and into our wooden floor, ruining the floor, and now we are trying to deal with their insurance company because THEY LIED and said they never saw a leak in the attic. Luckily our home warranty sent another plumber out and they immediately fixed the leak, but now we might have to pay for our floor and door frame to be fixed because THEY LIED about the work they neglected to do at our home.NEVER EVER EVER DEAL WITH THESE PEOPLE! I'm in the process of filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau for this as well as taking legal actions. I can't believe that a company would be so negligent and not own up to their mistakes.
1	This company was the plumber sent out by Old Republic Home Warranty.  They botched the job from minute one.  I told them it was a leak in the wall, and their tech worked on the toilet, completely ignoring the leak in the wall.  After several calls (most not returned), a go back on the TOILET, I finally had to call the warranty company to get action.  It took over two months, and now there is a bill of over $4000 dollars in mold remediation from the WALL LEAK that was right next to the toilet that they fixed that wasn't broken.  I agree with someone below, if zero were an option, that would be the choice.
5	I have the same story as some other reviewers here but opposite outcome.  We had a plumbing leak under the edge of our foundation, and it was covered via Old Republic home warranty, who contracts out with C&B plumbing.  I called C&B, and was first surprised that a human being answered within 2 rings.  I asked to schedule someone to come out and he asked if they could come out in the next hour!!!  Wow.  Never had that happen before.  Anyway, I wasn't available, so they came out the next morning.  They diagnosed and fixed the problem quickly, which was somewhat complicated as it involved jackhammering up the edge of the foundation.  They were courteous and knowledgeable.  If I ever have plumbing issues again, I would call them.  This is an unsolicited review, because honestly I think they earned it.
5	My 12 years old water heater stopped working. A neighbor recommended C&B. Called this morning around 10am and Rick answered the phone, he said he was on the other line and would call me right back. Withing 5 minuted he returned my call. Mark arrived as scheduled at my house at 12, gave me an price and and said he would take them a couple of hours to get the new heater and complete the job. At 230 I have hot water, my garage is cleaned! They were efficient, professional and priced right! Very happy will call them again for the house plumbing needs!!
