5	I love this little local company's soap, logo and name.....  I mean, common'  who won't go "awe" when they see the little pig and the name "Stinkin' Cute Soap" :)    The products are available online at their Website or at local farmer's market's around town.   All soaps are handcrafted locally, are made of goats milk and  many are Vegan and all-natural, which I love.   The scents are all unique...I recently purchased a couple of flavors like:  Raspberry Lemonade, Strawberry Shortcake (a soap/exfolliant), Creme Brulee, and Grapefruit Margarita (citrus and clean smelling).   I resisted buying the Guiness-flavored soap (yup, it's really made with Guiness beer)...I'm going to hold off for the holidays to get that one for my husband.The founder of the Stinkin' Cute Soap Company believes in giving back to the community and she created a product called "Save the Tata's"  with a portion going to Breast Cancer Society.  The owner will also make custom soaps and branding for baby showers, wedding showers, and other events.  I was recently at an event for a local school board candidate where Stinkin' Cute Soap Co created small soaps with the candidate's name and logo that were handed out in "goodie bags"! One product I'm super in love with is their "Solid Lotion Bar" ....yup, lotion in a stick.  It's convenient to carry around this in your purse or glove compartment during our especially dry weather.  It's kind of like a deodorant stick that you rub on your arms or legs and then rub the lotion in.   I believe in supporting local companies, who develop quality product and give back to the community!  Stinkin' Cute Soap Company is one of those!  Check them out online to see their schedule and their products...I only listed a couple of highlights, but they have tons of cute product ideas!
5	I need to be careful because I love this company so much I might not stop writing!  Everything from their fantastic body butter (rich and luxurious ) to the exfoliant cream (great for shaving) to the sugar scrubs (I always turn down the sugar scrub when I get a pedicure but these are so much better!) to the lip balm (can you say yummy tropical in cute little tins?) to the soap that comes in every scent you could imagine (and then some!) to....should I stop now?!Oh wait, what about the gift stuff...cute rubber duckies swimming on a lake made of soap...peas in a pod soap...Save the Ta Ta soap in a washcloth bra (where a portion goes back to a great cause!)...Seriously, this stuff is amazing!  It is not just good smelling it is useful, high quality,  some products are vegan, I mean seriously, what is not to love all the way down to the stinkin' cute pig logo!If you can't get out to a Farmer's Market where they are then go to the online store.  Stinkin' Cute Soap Company rocks!
5	I love all the homemade products at stinkin' Cute Soap Company. The scents are awesome!!!!  I especially love the Margarita lip balm and the Creme Brulee soap!!!!!  YUMMY!!  So much better than bath and body works!!!! My niece and daugther love the Raspberry Lemonade soap.  The website is great.  They have grat stocking stuffers and gifts.
5	I love every product I've ever used!! It's the only soap in my house!!
