4	Great selection of shoes that are actually good for your feet, although you might have a alter your wardrobe a bit.  Brands like Birkenstock and I bevieve, New Balance.  They do a good job measuring for a custom fit.  I'm sorry that the chunky heels went out of style, but it's probably a boon for a business like this.  If you're feet ain't happy, neither are you.
4	One of the two shoe stores in the area that carry shoes that fit my narrow feet. And the service is pretty good.They have a great selection of comfort-oriented shoes, particularly European imports, for men, women, and children. Casual, dressy, walking and running.What they don't have are 'fashion' shoes. They do have stylish shoes, just not Gucci, Ferragamo, Blahnik, etc. What surprised me though was the lack of more traditional brands, particularly American ones, such as Red Wing, Allen Edmonds, or Alden.
1	They ripped us off.  My sister sent us full-price, first-run clogs with 2 straps across the top for XMAS, which cost $130.00 in Corvallis Oregon.  The Urbana store gave us a $50 credit when we traded them in saying, "Oh these are two years old".  There is a word for this : Lying Sacks of XXXX."This product was added to our catalog in July 2009" :http://www.foxvalleybirkenstock.com/clogs-127/birki-camden-amalfi-black-leather-w-soft-footbed-2803.htmlBUYER BEWARE.  THEY FILED CHAPTER 11 BANKRUPCY RECENTLY, I OVERHEAD THE SALESMAN SAY, WHEN HE WAS DEALING WITH ANOTHER CUSTOMER.When my 81-year old mom asked to see the catalog, for another reason, the salesman was smart enough AND LIED AGAIN.  He said, "Oh, birkenstock split into so many divisions that don't get along, that they don't publish a catalog any more."  LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE.  I JUST DOWNLOADED THE BIRKENSTOCK 2010 CATALOG FROM THE WEB:http://www.birkenstock.de/birkenstock/katalog/katalogdownload_e.phpIF YOU WANT TO BE LIED TO MULTIPLE TIMES, CHEATED, AND SHOWN THE DOOR, THIS IS YOUR STORE !!
5	One of the only "full service" shops still around. The knowledgeable staff really takes the time to make sure you're getting the right shoe to help your aches and pains and the right fit (SO many people are wearing the wrong size!). I've always been super impressed with their service on the floor as well as their repair services. They only sell shoes that are good for your feet, which aren't always the prettiest shoes around (although it's only getting better!). What's more important- looking cute or not being in pain. I highly recommend checking this shop out. They're great!
5	For over twenty years I have been a customer. Once a year, we go there to buy shoes- the best quality are available from Germany - good people there- they are very helpful. Five star
5	My feet have been hurting for a while and I needed a good pair of shoes that provided support. Today, I was thrilled with the service I received from Heel To Toe.I was helped right away and after explaining to the gentleman that I am on my feet at my second job quite a bit, he found a shoe and put in an orthotics that made my feet instantly feel better. He also glued the sole of my (very old, but loved and well worn!) Birkenstock sandal back into place as he rang me up. Most of all, I was very impressed that he respected my budget and the final sale actually came in well under my top limit.  While I might agree that Heel To Toe can get a bit pricey depending upon the brand and/or shoe you purchase, I really do believe that you get what you pay for. I have purchased a few pairs of shoes from this store, and I have always been pleased with how they hold up. As a happy customer (with happy feet!) I will return to Heel To Toe for future shoe needs.
1	Hmmm, we have been continual residents of Urbana from 1956-2012, way longer than heel to toe.  Why did I never hear of this place while growing up, from 1962-1980, 1986-1993 ??  I can imagine that you stay in business by purchasing brand-new shoes BELOW WHOLESALE from people on limited incomes, like my 82-year old mom ...
1	In terms of shoe repair (my only experience with Heel To Toe), I found their prices to be insanely high.  My shoe repair shop in another comparable city where I used to live was much faster, far more reasonably priced, and better quality work.  Heel To Toe charged me $50 for a basic resole on a pair of leather sandals--they didn't even clean or treat the leather. (Mind you, these shoes originally cost $88.  I could have just purchased a brand new pair.)  These same sandals underwent the same repair three years ago by the other business I mentioned above for $25 and came back looking like new.  Heel To Toe took 2 weeks while my old shop took 2 days.  While I totally support privately owned local businesses, I found these prices to be completely alienating, and the staff to be rather snide.
4	Decent shoe repair place in downtown Urbana. The staff were nice, the repair quality was excellent, and the prices were affordable. I left very pleased and with the intention to return when I have shoe repair needs in the future.
1	Drove from Gibson City for school shoes.  The brand that we usually get is Libby and Luca.  Was told yesterday was their clearance sale and they were all downstairs.  Had to beg the young man to wait on us and to get some shoes.  Brought a pair of boots and sandals.  Had asked for closed toe school/church style.  Was told to come back next July:(. Was really pissed to say the least to be treated like a moron:(
1	I've been meaning to shop here for a while, but the hours and location aren't the most convenient for me. Totally not the store's fault. I finally decided to suck it up and make the time because I like to shop local and I felt like a place that specializes in decent footwear (and only footwear) would be able to help me find a great shoe for a job that requires constant standing/walking/running. Sounds good, no?Uhhhh....no. We stood there for just over 5 minutes being watched from the repair window without anyone acknowledging our presence. Finally, we were approached by a young lady carrying a gigantic bucket of attitude. Call me crazy, but I require a little courtesy. I don't need ass-kissing, but I need a minimum of hair-flipping and deep-sighing. Sorry to inconvenience you by requiring that you do your job. I can get this level of service from a teenager at a mall (shudder). After a brief (odd and aggressive) discussion about my shoe purpose, she walked away... to find some shoes, it seemed. No discussion of shoe style/color or any measuring of the foot. Maybe she's that good? Her first trip to the basement yielded a few pair of shoes but no luck(surprising) so she went to try again. I appreciate that effort. We waited about 15 minutes and never saw her again (also no other customers).In the time we were there, I counted 5 employees. One spoke to us. What terrible service for that many people who have to rely on things like return business to stay afloat. Just a very weird/Twilight Zone trip that I won't repeat.
