4	Perfect place to come to for a drink after work or dinner with the  family.  Just across the parking lot from the AMC 30 so it the perfect place to come for dinner and a movie.  The staff is always friendly and just about everything on the menu is good.
1	My husband was worried about my Yelp cred when I told him I was going to write a Yelp review for Chili's, but I told him it was my duty to report our experience. We walked in to Chili's at 6:50 on a Thursday night. Chili's was about half way full. I was actually surprised it was not very busy because it was a couple days before Christmas. Anyway, we decided to sit in the bar area. We sat down and ordered our drinks, 2 nonalcoholics, and a sampler platter. Our drinks took at least 10 minutes. I became a bit nervous because I am pregnant, and I knew I needed food in a timely manner. Our server walked around the bar area as if she were a patron---slowly and without purpose. She didn't speak to us other than to take our order and drop off the check. No convo required, but a check in would have been helpful. She also had almost every table in the bar area, which eventually filled up. Still, no sense of urgency. The best part of Chili's is the acoustics. We could ease drop on the table next to us without a problem while we waited for our food. We heard the table complaining to the manager that their appetizer was taking forever. I was appalled to hear the manager blame the long ticket time on another table---apparently, another table stole their appetizer! Meanwhile, we are waiting for our appetizer. One appetizer ended up taking 30 minutes. I am not kidding. 30 minutes. When it arrived at 7:35, it was cold and the dressing were warm, meaning the food sat in the window for quite a while, waiting to be run to our table. As we finished our food, the table next to us finally got their food. While I know my review should be about my personal experience, I thought it was pretty interesting that the table next to us had the same level of service we did, but they actually spoke to a manager, twice. We were at this location for about 45 minutes, and the only time I saw the manager was at the behest of this irate table. Chili's is not our normal stomping grounds, and this experience reminds me why.
2	I have frequented this Chili's a couple of times. The very first time I visited I was thoroughly impressed. Our waiter was genuine and so friendly. I have a daughter with special needs and often times when we go out wait staff tends to be stand offish, but not this gentleman. I wish I could remember his name but I did ask for the manager and gave a raving review at the time of our visit. The second and third times I went here I was not as impressed. The wait staff was not nearly as friendly and the last time I went there I seriously felt like my daughter and I were an inconvenience even though we were the only people in the restaurant for a good 20 minutes. The food is always good however, and I will more than likely still return.
3	Well. Overall I do like this place. They have good food and reasonable prices. However, I wouldn't order any steaks. I do know they are not a steak house and they prove it. First, they cook steaks on a flat top not an open grill which just leaves to sit and cook in its own juices, second, they go by temperature of the meat to tell them when it's done not the feel which is ok if you make sure that the temperature is consistent through out the meat. I have been to a couple of chilis and both the same result. I order medium and it ends up where most of the stake is almost still raw, purple, not just link with blood, raw. I was told that medium is mostly pink and pointed to the menu that states medium is "light pink with no traces of red" so obviously the cooks don't understand the different temperature of meat. If you order a steak tear it a part. Don't just cut into the center because that will not give you the whole story...
2	I recently went to this Chili's for lunch and being lunch it was fairly busy. I ordered the bacon ranch quesadilla and after a couple of bites there was this nasty hard stuff in the quesadilla. My waitress didn't come check on me for a long time so I just sat there making faces. Finally, the manager was checking on the table next to mine, saw my face and asked if everything was alright. I showed him the hard plastic like pieces in the quesadilla and at first he tried to say it was burnt cheese. He leaves to get my waitress after I bang it on the table to show him it's not burnt cheese. The waitress comes over and says "well what do you want us to do?". I tell her I just want my bill so I can leave. The only reason they are getting 2 stars instead of 1 is because when she came back they comped my quesadilla, so I paid for my drink and left and won't be visiting again.
