4	I've been a member of Massage Envy for over 2 years and this location ROCKS! Since I'm normally sitting at a computer screen for more than 8 hrs a day, I go at least once or twice a month to get my knots unknotted and all around relaxation. Here are my recs: Logan for Trigger Point. Only if you can handle it because it's pretty intense, but you feel like you are floating after wards. Note you will feel a bit sore for a couple of days after. Michael for Deep Tissue. He gets into the muscles that never get worked. Also sore for a couple of days. Jon and Brett are also awesome but it's been a while since I've seen them. They staff here are also really nice and accommodating. I call day of and they always try to find time with my preferred therapists. I wish they had a sauna waiting room so that my muscles can relax before the massage =P I don't think any place besides full-blown spas have that though.
5	First, from someone who gets massages a lot (2+ month), Massage Envy is the best value around.  As for this specific branch great place.  I saw Pat who is amazing she truly has a gift for healing aces and pains.  Which are something I live with non stop.Thanks Pat you made my vacation!  No laying around the hotel for days
1	I wouldn't choose any stars if I had the opportunity to. I recently bought a gift card from this location for $120. When I first called this location, they said there is nothing they can do about it. When I called another location, they said that Massage Envy has the information on file, and can easily pull it up. I called the Rainbow location back and they refused to do it. They are trying to keep my $120 for no apparent reason. Why should they be entitled to my money? They have the giftcard number under my account, so why can't I use it???? No one else can, so what's the difference? I even talked to the manager who #1 wouldn't let me finish my thoughts, and #2 was very rude and hung up on me when I asked for her name. DON'T GO TO THIS LOCATION. GO TO ANOTHER ONE THAT WON'T STEAL YOUR MONEY.
5	Rayna is an AWESOME massage therapist. Tall about relaxing and getting those stress knots out. Very firm pressure.
4	I went here for a prenatal massage and it was a great experience. They had a deal on 3 visits so I pre paid for them. The next two visits where great as well I had Todd he was very nice we talked about good food and other things. The massage was great, nice pressure and good skills! I hope you enjoy your visit as much as I did.
5	The atmosphere is excellent, the staff is knowledgeable, and the therapists are well trained. The non-member massage prices arent too steep when compared to other places in Vegas. Im definitely looking forward to my next massage!
5	Close to work and friendly staff. My usual therapist is Valerie and she's fantastic. I've had a few injuries from time to time and she's always super careful about making sure the pressure is good and not aggravating the issues. When I'm feeling chatty, she chats. When I want to take a nap, I have a fabulous nap. I've been to a few other locations around town when they're convenient but this is my favorite location.
5	Last week I had my first massage here and it was FANTASTIC! Very friendly reception, clean, comfortable, and welcoming. My therapist was LIz and she did a great job. She made me feel instantly relaxed and took care of how messed up my back was! She was very thorough, professional, and genuine. I've never had someone give me a massage who was so knowledge and actually took the time to educate me about what I was doing to my muscles. I've always worked in the service industry so when someone gives me good service that exceeds my expectation I feel the need to rave about it.I'm rarely one to sign up for memberships, however it was a good deal and I never want to let my back get that bad again!
5	This place is amazing and all of the staff are so fantastic! They have so many different styles and the reception staff will help you figure out which staff will be best for you!
1	The massage I had  was wonderful. However, I will never go back to this place ever again. I had a kink in my neck and muscle relaxers my doctor gave me weren't helping. So I scheduled a massage from here. The massage fixed my problem. BUT, the sales girl at the counter told me I could use my FSA account to pay for a monthly massage. She said 'we do it all the time and don't ever have any problems with FSA'. So, I signed up. Next thing I know my FSA account is declining the charges and they say they won't accept them until I have a doctor's note for physical therapy/massage therapy. I called my doctor to get a note and they said I need an MRI and a slew of tests which I will never do because that'll cost more than the stupid monthly massage which I never use and I clearly don't need a doctor's note for a monthly massage, I mean, who would? It's a freaking massage... not a skin graph. It's clear my doctor only wants to bill the living daylights out of my insurance company so he can continue fattening his pocket. Bottom line, don't let the sales people at the massage envy front desk tell you something about how your medical plan works because they have absolutely no idea. Now I can't get out of the contract at massage envy, even though I was given misinformation. I won't ever go back to them again, at any of their locations. A stupid massage isn't worth all this hassle, that's for sure!Had they just let me out of my contract due to the misinformation I was given I would have probably gone back to them in the future. Now they've lost a customer for life and I'm going to be sure to tell everyone I possibly can about this debacle and not to mention absolute waste of my time and energy... all because the front desk girl didn't give me correct information. I guarantee if the front desk girl had said to me that my FSA account may require a doctor's note or some type of substantiating evidence proving that I need this service, I would have NEVER signed up for a stupid monthly massage.Extremely disgruntled and upset almost customer.
5	Still awesome and I want to put a shout out for the great front reception staff. They are always really polite, nice and professional. It seems everyone enjoys working here and with each other. Update on the therapists:Logan is not here anymore.Jack and Michael are still awesome and I think they are lead therapists.Brian is my favorite and I kind of only see him now unless my schedule doesn't match because he is only there a couple times a week. This year and the next, I am actually applying my FSA funds to massage therapy. Depending on your carrier, I had to get my doctor to write a note, with the frequency, diagnosis and purpose and submitted to the carrier for approval. Massage therapy helps with my sitting at a computer for 9+hours a day as all my tension is actually in my neck, shoulder and lower back.
4	Went here a couple weeks ago for my 1st time and it was amazing! I had Michael which the receptionist said was one of the best and she was right he was great. I had a full hour massage just on my back because I have constant back pain, I had him do a deep tissue massage and he got deep it felt so good. The massage relaxed me which was what I needed after taking care of two kids everyday. I had such a great experience I signed up for a membership can't wait to go again I will be requesting Michael again and might try a Swedish massage this time.
5	Even though I hate to say it because it will probably make it harder for me to see him Nick is the best.  He is one of the best massage therapists I've ever gone to in my life.  I always kick myself when I try to cut corners and go to someone else when he is not available, because I never end up happy.  He is attentive, listens to what you want, and delivers every time.  Massage Envy is lucky to have him, because he is top notch.
1	A couple years ago, my BF treated me to a massage at Massage Envy, she had a coupon for a discount.  When we booked the appointment, I requested a female masseuse.  When we arrived, I was told I would have a male masseuse instead.  I take daily injections for a medical condition, and I happen to bruise very easily.  Prior to the massage, I had hit a vein and caused a dark bruise on my stomach.  I warned the masseuse about the bruise, but English was apparently not his first language.  When I flipped over, the masseuse saw the bruise and asked if my husband was abusive.  I then had to re-explain the bruise a couple of times before he understood.  Also, the masseuse was quite chatty which I don't care for at all.  Needless to say, this was not a relaxing massage at all, I would rate it as my all time worst massage.
5	I really commend Teng, the best masseuse ever!! I went over to Massage Envy for the first time on a gift card I had received for Mother's Day. I decided to sign up for a membership after the best deep tissue massage I've had in my life. Teng made sure I was comfortable and wasn't pitching sales the whole time. She made sure I received my full hour and offered water after my session. I later went back and had another massage with another masseuse whose name I do not recall and was just as please. My only recommendation to this Massage Envy location is to add facials as a service provided. I am such a fan of Murad products!
5	Jack is amazing! Made the whole hour deep tissue massage so relaxing and wasn't chatty which I appreciate. He didn't push sales, but did recommend different services for next time. He even showed me some important stretches to do as I begin training for a long distance run. Awesome service by the entire staff. I'll be seeing Jack again next week! :)
5	If you are working hard from your job and your shoulder blades are bothering you, make an appointment with JACK. I'm a nurse and my right scapula was bothering me so I made an appointment and the receptionist booked me with jack for an hour massage. Jack gives firm pressure and next thing I know, my right scapula wasn't hurting anymore. He's such a gifted person and is very good at what he does. In addition to that, he's a funny guy with full of energy.
4	If u find the right massage therapist ur good.
1	Do NOT sign up for their membership! The lady told me that we could cancel our membership at any time if we weren't happy with it, and now that we wanna cancel, they're trying to tell me that we signed up for the 12 month membership. Um NO, they should hire new employees if the ones that they currently have aren't passing on the correct information to their customers. I refuse to pay monthly until July of 2014. Not to mention, we called THREE times to resolve this issue and they told me they'd return or calls, but we got NOTHING!!!! Terrible!!!!
5	I used to get monthly massage and each experience was always great! I also got a facial one time and it was great as well. Very clean, calming place. Definitely worth the $89 plan if you can afford it.
4	The whole staff is extremely nice and welcoming. Massages around town can be quite expensive especially at the hotels so Massage Envy is very affordable for people who need to get massages on a regular basis. I think you must sign up for at least a year for the membership. $59 a month for one massage and you can add stuff onto it for extra $. You can also get facials included in your membership. Affordable massages... can't go wrong there!
5	Almost a year ago, I slept wrong a couple nights in a row, and had the WORST stiff neck and back.  I haven't hurt this much in a long time.I started asking all of my friends where they would go, and the response was overwhelming.  Massage Envy.I went to their website, and found this location, which is super close to my house.  My first massage was good, but it didn't take care of all of the pain. I went back a week later to sign up for a membership, and had a massage with Angel.  Angel was amazing.  I explained that the pain was in my neck and back, and that I had one massage, and it helped a little bit, but that I was still having a lot of pain. Angel suggested that she turn on the "heating pad" that they have on the tables, and have me start off laying on my back, where most therapists have you start laying on your stomach.  She said that the heat would allow my muscles to loosen up a little bit.Let me tell you, this was the best idea ever.  When my hour was up, I felt so much better!  No more pain for me!I've been back to see Angel a couple more times.  She always remembers me, and is always great.I've had a couple other therapists that were good, but my two favorites are Angel, and Atsushi.I'm kind of a weirdo in the fact that I do not like male doctors or massage therapists.  i will go out of my way to avoid them.  I booked a massage with Atsushi though, because the receptionist stated that he was closest to Angel's technique, and Angel was not available the day I wanted to go. I have never fallen asleep during a massage in my life.  I was in a bit of pain (stress) when I went in, and Atsushi got the knots and tension out of my shoulders almost immediately.  I actually dosed off.  It was wonderful.The prices here are reasonable, and I love that when you're a member, if you don't use your one massage a month, it rolls over.  I can have a 2 hour massage if I want, for the $59 a month I pay.Also, the reception staff have always been extremely polite, and helpful.I love this location.
5	I love this location! I go to Michelle and she is amazing! Their establishment is clean and cozy and worth every penny!!
4	I've been to several of the massage envy locations, and this one is by far the best. My therapist of choice is Amanda. She is extremely knowledgeable and possesses a skilled touch. I knocked one star off because it is extremely difficult to get appointments without booking them out weeks in advance and also for the unprofessional front desk staff who I always overhear gossiping while I'm waiting to be called back to the massage room.
5	This facility is quiet and clean. Front desk is always nice and very helpful. Ashley K is the lead massage therapist and is absolutely AMAZING! Great firm pressure; every time I see her I always end up leaving feeling like jello!
2	I went in for a massage because I've been so stressed with school and work lately. When I was filling out paperwork I made sure that they understood that I needed a really relaxing and easy going massage just to take my mind off of things. When I went into the massage I told her that the whole point was just to be a fun and relaxing experience. Instead she used too much pressure even when I told her to let up. Every time she pressed harder on a sensitive region I would cringe and tense up which made her push harder. When I was done she told me that I was too tense and it was worrisome for my age. She then recommended that I sign up for a membership so I could get all the tension worked out. This place took what was suppose to be a relaxing experience and turned it into a way to try to boost their gross profit. So disappointed. No one should come out of a massage more stressed than they were before.
1	This store does a very good job on customer service on your first visit, but after you signed the contract there customer service is not longer there. It looks like the focus on new customers only and they will do an amazing job to get them and give them a VIP status but after you become a member they threat you like crap! I had tried several times to book an appointment but there always full, I asked a friend of mine to call and try to book a massage for the same date and time and guess what they were AVAILABLE all day, this happen several times... I tried to reach out the manager but is never available, I sent an email to corporate seeking for some kinda help or explanation and never got a respond. My membership expire in two months and I was only able to use one hour. It's been a week now since I call the manager to cancel the membership left several messages with the employees and I haven't receive a call from anybody!
1	I want to give them ZERO stars.  I called to change my appointment and they charged me for the original appointment that I changed.  CAN YOU BELIEVE IT???!!! I called and clearly said, 'I NEED TO RESCHEDULE MY APPOINTMENT I CAN'T MAKE IT ON FRIDAY'.  The girl who answered the phone changed it for me but never canceled the original appointment.  They said I never canceled the other one & they charged me for the day they didn't canceled it.  DO NOT GO HERE, I HAVE OTHER FRIENDS THAT DO A BETTER JOB & WON'T TAKE YOUR MONEY AND RIP YOU OFF!!!
5	Michelle!!! Hands down my saviour to keep my body & soul as normal as could be.... Go there once (if u can get in to see her) & realize the change this sweetheart can make in your life!!!
1	I came here because I was in a lot of pain and had a  pretty serious knot in my mid-back and I let them know that was all I wanted taken care of. I know that sometimes it may take more than one massage to fix a problem, but in this case the guy did not even "massage" my back let alone work the knot out, just applied pressure everywhere, even places where there wasn't muscle. He then gave me an unnecessary arm and neck massage to kill the clock, when all I wanted was a back massage and the knot to be removed. For an hour massage to get one particular knot out I paid $50, and left in more pain than I came in with, because I now have lower back pain and my back feels like it was punched over and over rather than massaged. I have had plenty of massages before and this was beyond terrible.
5	Excellent Service Nancy Lee is an awesome therapist who know how to provide an excellent treatments (a REAL deep tissue massage) Came with the family, booked 3 massages for all of us are 3:30 on the same day! We got in and ALL enjoyed our therpists.  When you can't have a conversation after a massage your at the right place.  Would recommend if you want a better than average massage...so enjoy and try to get Nancy!
2	They never give you your full hour massage, when you are changing and getting settle for your massage they take FOREVER to come back and start your massage, they don't follow your instructions (where to massage). Today my massage therapist fall a sleep when she was giving me the massage, can you believe that????? Also she flow her nose and don't use any kind of antibacterial.Very disappointed!!!! Don't give me wrong there are some great people working there, but any of them give you what you r paying for, a FULL hour massage.I'm so thankful my membership is over.
5	Duane did an amazing job. He is great with whole body, I had a 2 hour session and I prefer a medium to firm pressure, Duane did a perfect job. Super nice guy too, checked on the pressure during massage and was a great listener about areas I wanted to focus on. Also the front desk is always so pleasant and well trained. I even prebooked with Duane again.
5	I've been to at least six Message Envys.  They are hit and miss depending on the massage tech you get.My back locked up on a trip to Vegas so I called around and got in to see Dani (assume Danielle).  Like most MEs, it's located in a strip mall.  Inside it's clean and the staff was friendly.  I'm already a member so there was no push to join.Dani asked if I had any problem areas and what pressure I liked.  She then hit those areas at that pressure for the entire appointment.  I couldn't have been happier.  Some techs at MEs hit your problem area for a few minutes then go into their regular routine.  Not Dani.  She wasn't chatty; just all business.  Going to a new ME is a gamble.  I won with Dani.  If you go to this location she is worth asking for if you don't want to play massage tech roulette.
