5	While window shopping at Kierland today with my sister, I felt the familiar hunger pains that usually come around after a long day of walking around  in the heat looking at expensive things. I wasn't really in the mood to sit down somewhere fancy in Kierland and spend a ton of money so my sister suggested The Counter. The Counter is somewhat hidden down a street diagonal from Anthropolgie, but it was full of people which is always a good sign. The best way I can describe The Counter is a chic cafe with much more than food. The Counter offers a nice open and light environment with a counter for ordering and eating at as well as tables inside and outside. It also offers fun quirks such as a candy counter, jewelry, women's designs, and home decor to name a few. I was also happy to find a wall with phoenix magazines which I borrowed while I was waiting for my meal.    After taking a look at their hand written menus above the counter I decided on a Albacore Tuna Salad which includes field greens, albacore tuna salad, hard boiled egg, hearts of palm, tomato, and balsamic vinaigrette. I also picked up a drink from their huge selection of beverages which included but are not limited to: vitamin water, iced teas, sobe, sodas, naked juice, energy drinks,and assorted waters. I picked a table and relaxed with my magazines until my salad was ready. The salad was really tasty and I was surprised how well the tuna went with balsamic vinaigrette. It was a nice portion size and I wasn't even able to finish it. The Counter also offers sandwiches, soup, pastries, coffee, milkshakes, and wine by the glass. I really enjoyed my experience in every aspect and I'm sure my Kierland munchies will find me there again soon!
3	Tonight we stopped in here for a light dinner, not wanting to spend a fortune on food my teenager wouldn't finish.We shared an amazing BLT. Really a great sandwich. The young lady at the table next to us had a chopped salad that I will definitely try the next time we come here.It was very humid tonight, and we sat outside despite the many empty ables inside. Also, they serve wine by the glass, have a wide variety of sodas and waters, and have a retail section (we didn't check it out, we were too hungry.)I will come here again.
3	A very cute place where you can eat and shop! The shop had trinkets, expensive clothes, and candy. Very random.The food isn't too bad. I had the Counter Chopped salad ($6.25) with turkey, blue cheese, grapes, candied pecans, and a lemon poppy seed dressing. The salad ingredients were fresh, and I loved the candied pecans. A friend had the grilled cheese sandwich. omg.. it took like 15 minutes just to get a grilled cheese.. I have no idea why the cooks took so long!! Just place a slice of American cheese in between two breads, melt, and wham! All done! The menu doesn't have a lot of choices, but the place is crowded. Prepare yourself to fight for seats.
4	It's somewhat perplexing.  How can it be that a narrow-minded foodite like me found overwhelming joy in a mall restaurant?  And not even a fancy sit-down one with cloth napkins, non-intrusive lighting and bathroom with multiple stalls?  Have I lost my edge?  Am I destined to a lifetime of enjoying meals on hard uncushioned seats at Corner Bakery and... Subway?!?Not to worry.  There is a legitimate reason my stomach sang a satisfied song after my lunch at the Counter: The food is good.  Because my ability to order at a restaurant/cafe/deli is hindered by my indecisiveness, I often ingage in some seriously obnoxious internal debating as the seconds tick down to the pivotal moment.  Fortunately, at the Counter, this wasn't a problem.  The sweet gal at the, you guessed it, "counter" offered to fetch me a sample of both soups being served that day before I settled on the slightly creamy, not-your-average-Campbell's tomato soup.  It paired quite nicely with my hot smoked turkey sandwich with havarti, tomato and mayo-mustard spread on a delectable cranberry walnut bread that my dear order-takerer enthusiastically recommended.  I also appreciated the wide selection of bottled beverages (including wine!) that were available to quench my always thirsty mouth while my companions and I feasted on our grub.  Because I needed to feel extra fancy since the neon lights weren't doing anything for my OC ego, I opted for a Pellegrino.  Not a revolutionary choice, but it was comforting to have  the option of a cream soda or bottle of exotic beer.  It was also nice to see a wide array of thick, fragrant cookies, indulgent brownies, clever candies, and other little treats that customers were purchasing up with the gusto of children in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.  With it's fresh lunch and breakfast fare, unique beverages, and tantalizing sweets, the Counter isn't just a place to take a break from an exhausting shopping session at Anthropologie.  It's a place I would seek out again.  And I did, approximately two hours later when I needed a cup of their 81 cent green tea for further rejuvination.  Anyone who says shopping isn't a workout hasn't been shopping with me!
2	The 2 stars are based solely on food. I admit I've never stepped foot into this place. A few sandwiches have been brought back to my office, each time not fulfilling my mid-day hunger attack. The main problem I have is the price. You basically get what seems to be a couple slices of souped-up Wonderbread with some Safeway-quality lunch meats then cooked with a George Foreman Grill. I think the prices are about $8 --- if they offer a 50% off special then go for it.
4	It's been awhile since this place was reviewed... and probably just as long since my last visit.  In the last few months (or possibly more), this restaurant changed names (it was previously 'The Counter') and cleared out the retail boutique area to make room for more seating.Future yelper Nancie S suggested we meet for lunch here today, and I was impressed with the changes.  By no means is Chloe's Corner a high end restaurant... it's more like a retro diner with a modern feel.  It's the kind of place you order at the counter and pay for it, and then they bring your food to your table when it's ready.  It's also great for those who want to pick up something quick on the go...We both ordered the chopped salad and a side of toasted cranberry walnut bread.  It was really tasty!  You can tell they use high quality ingredients... the salad is a unique combination of field greens, turkey, bleu cheese, walnuts, and grapes with poppyseed dressing.  I would for sure order it again although the tuna melt looked pretty amazing too!  There are several other 'classic' items on the menu such as grilled cheese, tomato soup, milkshakes, etc...Even more impressive than the lunch was the fact that I found a parking spot right away at Kierland and I left without going into one single store.  I'm so proud of myself for that... any fellow shop-a-holics know how hard that can be!Although I did like this place when it was "The Counter," it looks to me like the change that Fox Restaurant Concepts made to this restaurant was a good one!
2	I will still call it the Counter, because I'm the curmudgeonly type that is sometimes slow to accept change.  (Who is Chloe?  Fox Restaurants need not have changed the name just to eliminate the boutique...)The food has always been tasty.  The split pea soup is absolutely amazing.  The hot turkey sandwich is delicious, the chopped salad is a spot-hitter.  I don't think the prices are too terribly high, after all, it's in Kierland, which isn't exactly a discount enclave.The service.  Ah, the service.  First, let me spare the hard workers in my tirade.  The cooks, and those who actually are putting together food and cleaning, do a fabulous job.  The servers - or register-runners, have been incredibly disappointing.  They invoke this kind of back-story imagery:"Mom!  My gas card didn't work, I almost didn't make it to Dana's party, I mean, can you imagine if I would have run out of gas, and had to talk to a commoner??  Wtf, Mom!""Shannon, your father and I decided that you need to pick up a part-time job, we will still pay for your BMW, your insurance, your condo, your cable, your birth control, your health insurance and your part-time college education, but we think it's time you worked about 8 hours a week.""OMG!  This is soooo ridiculous and unfair, Mom, wtf!"And that is how Shannon (name made up) came to work at The Counter.  And that is why she sucks at service.  And that is why she doesn't appreciate how hard the rest of us work to purchase an $8- sandwich, and how a simple smile, some humor, and a "thanks for coming in", or "how is everything tasting today", could make such an enormous difference in someone's dining (albeit counter style) experience.  Instead, after ordering the Chopped Salad and the Pea Soup from "Shannon", the cook brought me my soup, and I enjoyed it.  And I waited.  And waited.  There was no ticket, there was no chopped salad in the works.  (The prep area is fully visable.)  I graciously asked the cook if there was an order in for a chopped salad, and she said, "oh no, I'm so sorry, let me make one on the fly for you!".  She did, I ate, it was delicious, and I thanked her.  "Shannon" then presented me with my bill a full few minutes after I sat in front of an empty plate, I paid, and as she handed me my change she said, "bye."  I don't think I need to elaborate on that.  So - to the Shannon's of the world - hurry up and get a rich boyfriend and become a trophy wife so the rest of us don't have to deal with your shitty service, bad attitude and hateful unsmiling demeanor.  And to the awesome cooks and service folks out there who manage at least a smile, bless you.  Bless you, every one.
5	Formerly known as The Counter - this has always been a quick stop in for a great salad, soup or sandwich. Its a neighborhood Diner-style that looks like they would serve old-fashioned milk-shakes.....and guess what...they do!I even bought a sandwich press of my very own because of this place!! Ever since I had one of their hot pressed sandwiches I was hooked. I usually stop in here to load up before shopping at Kierland - its quick, clean and cheap!!
4	I was impressed with this place, even though i'm not into bland foods like turkey sandwiches and so on, i still liked this place, the american  Grilled cheese (substitute the pork *yuk* with Turkey)  with a side of tomato soup is GREAT!, Just do the "Dip" and you'll love it! A little expensive and the service is so-so, the waiters are young kids that seem like they came out of the "Dazed & Confused" movie set! But the cooks are hard workers!
4	This has been a favorite lunch spot of mine, way back to when it first opened.  A couple of things have made it even better in recent months.  First off, the Kierland Plaza Lofts are completed, which opens up a TON of parking nearby.  So, it's actually possible to zip in and out for lunch.  Second, with the transformation from "The Counter" to "Chloe's Corner," the number of tables has more than doubled.   It's now possible to sit down during lunch hour without elbowing an elderly couple for position or hovering above people while they finish their meals.The best part about Chloe's Corner is what HASN'T changed.  First off, home made pop tarts.  You heard me correctly.  If you haven't had these, grab your keys, get in your car and go.  They are different every day and when they're gone, they're gone, so don't procrastinate.  You can finish reading this review later.I think the sandwiches are great.  I can never seem to get away from the Hot Smoked Turkey.  My various dining companions have tried a number of the other sandwiches and salads.  The bites I've stolen have all been wonderful.  And, if none of it sounds good, just get the Hot Dog.  Last but not least, the milkshakes......homemade and huge.  If you're looking for a 800 calorie drink/dessert, look no further.  All in all, Chloe's remains one of my weekday lunch favorites.
5	We've been going since day 1, when it was The Counter.  (liked it better interior-wise then, they had cool retail products).  Food has not changed.   Hot roast beef grilled snadwhich & tomato soup is the best.  Luv the chineese salad.  Tip: grap a bottle of (cheap) wine & they will crack it for you - no charge. (no one seems to know this?)Perfect Lunch spot, but the open for breakfast (oatmeal, eggs). Coffee is 25 cents, btw.
4	This is where I go for coffee EVERY morning before work.   I'm not kidding... EVERY weekday morning.  A cup of coffee is 25 cents!!!Sometimes I grab a quick lunch here and when I do, it's the American Grilled Cheese ALL THE WAY!  They have a cute little kids' menu and tons of candy jars all over the place.  The decor is really cute and they're always switching it up and changing it.  There are a few tables outside and they have a great beer and wine selection.  They have everything a diner should, from milkshakes to licorice!  The menu is not huge though, but it's healthy (which is a plus in my ratings) and there's definitely something for everyone.  This is a great place for a playful first date, reading the paper by yourself or catching up with a friend.
5	We stayed at the Westin Kierland and went over to Chloe's Corner for breakfast one day.  What a great little spot!  Independently owned, this place has all the character and atmosphere of a sandwich shop in NY or San Francisco.  They have counter seating at the long butcher block counter, lots of indoor tables and a few tables outside as well.  Coffee, sandwiches, snacks, beer, salads, etc.  Perfect spot for breakfast, lunch or take-out.  Highly recommended.
5	I have been very lucky lately.....another 5 star place : )I had book marked this place in Yelp and my husband ( who now trusts my eating choices due to my non stop blabbing about how cool Yelp is and the destinations it has taken us)...asked where we should get a bite to eat....(he has lived here 20 years I have lived here 7 months)....Yelp is awesome!Anyway....back to the point......Chloe's is a fantastic, laid back cafe/diner. My husband ordered the grilled cheese sandwich...(he said "just tell them I ordered the kiddies meal"! lol)....and he loved it, said it was exactly the way a grilled cheese sandwich is meant to be. I had the Chinese Chicken Salad....a truly tasty and healthy salad that is especially great due to the crispy chow mein noodles : )I also tried the Apricot White Tea......a lovely not too sweet tea (and NO corn syrup...yay)....and my husband had what I had never seen in my life a Vanilla Cream Soda.....very sweet but a tasty treat!A great place to grab a bit to eat......and our bill came to under $20!!! GASP! Can't remember the last time that happened. The staff are also very friendly and efficient.  We will be going back to try the breakfast menu : )
4	I was pleasantly surprised with this place!  Kierland is really uppity in my mind, so I tend to shy away from all their dining options.  Too fancy schmancy for me!  However, after a long day of shopping and browsing the crazy ridiculous Sur La Table, we were getting really hungry.  Chloe's Corner was on our way back to the car so we decided to stop in.  The layout of the place is really cute, and almost retro.  The decor is very tasteful and bright feeling.  We browsed the giant chalkboard menu for a few moments before sitting down and ordering.  I chose the Grilled Ham and Cheese.  It was so DELICIOUS!  It was probably the best grilled sandwich I have ever had, aside from my own.  It was so buttery and toasty on the outside and it had the most amazing crunch.  There was a ton of yummy ham inside with a nice pairing of gooey cheddar cheese.  It was really a great sandwich.  Overall, I really liked this place and would definitely go back if I were in the area.
4	I gotta say, I really didn't think I would like this place but it was wicked awesome in just about every way.  Love the open design and the simple decor.  Love the cold counter with all the grab-&-go stuff to make life easy.  Really love the bar where you can sit and watch the guy make the food.  All big pluses.I ordered an egg salad sandwich which was a strange order for me.  I don't ever order egg salad but, oh well, I did and it was damn good.  It came with a side of pickles and was neatly plated.  Impressed with the presentation and the quality.  All very good.Will have to try something else next time and, hopefully, some sweets too.
5	OK, so I had a meeting in the Kirland Corporate center the other morning, with a business associate and while trying to find breakfast  place after our meeting I discovered this place. Unfortunately when we got there we missed breakfast by like 7 minutes. Get there before 10am for breakfast!So lunch it was. My self and a friend both got the turkey sandwich Mine cold and his hot. We had to trade halves cause we were both going on about how each one was awesomer then the other!These by far are probably two of the best sandwiches that were ever assembled on this planet seriously that good. This place is worth the drive to the area and the staff was extremely friendly along with Ashly Young/Chef slash Manager or Owner I assume. In any event she was great this place was great and I highly recommend going there.
5	This place was truly busy the other day and we were lucky to get a table. Guess they are doing very well and so they should. This is definitely one of the better quick lunch spots you will find. To update the Spinach Salad is very good and there were some cool photo prints and artwork for sale on the walls that was not there the last time.
5	Chloe's is an excellent place for a quick and casual lunch in North Scottsdale. Located in Kierland Commons, it has an old style counter behind which the magical grilled sandwiches are prepared. The tuna sandwich and the tuna melt are both very good. The best thing about Chloe's is that it's simply good, clean and has 50 cent coffee - with free refills. Tough to beat - one of the best, clean, tasty and easy in-and-out lunch places around.
5	Five stars is based off of one meal and one meal only: grilled cheese and tomato soup. I'm officially addicted. They offer two kinds of grilled cheese: The American and The Classic. I always get the classic, but my friend, Andrew, insists American is the way to go, so perhaps next visit. The Classic is loaded with various cheeses and grilled to perfection.  Comes with a few slices of pickle. Last week I decided to add a cup of soup to my sandwich and was totally blown away. I venture to say that it's the best tomato soup I've ever had. It's very smooth, has great flavor, not too acidic. They also have a great grab-and-go selection for those in a hurry. Chloe's offers a wide array of beverages, from freshly brewed iced teas and coffees, fountain drinks, wine and PBR (yay). And for those of you who love old school candies, like NECCO, look no further. As for the ambiance, Chloe's Corner is always bustling with its lunch crowd and solid take out business. It's very bright inside and original, local art hangs from the walls and is available for purchase. One day I will brave the rest of the menu. My lunch partner, Leslie, gets the tuna melt. It's her favorite.
4	A little bit of goodness right around the corner, literally. Whenever I am having a bit of a craving for some down home tasty goodness (like my favorite grilled cheese in town), I head to Chloe's Corner. The American Grilled Cheese is ah-mazing and should not be missed. I like to order and sit at the counter for lunch. Partner that grilled cheese with a bowl of their fantastic tomato soup and you have a bit of heaven on your lips. When you walk into Chloe's Counter, you are immediately greeted by a barrage of wines, old time candy jars, and 'small town' restaurant feel. I love this place for so many reasons, but one thing you MUST not pass up (aside from the American Grilled Cheese) is the malt milkshake, trust me chock up the extra 50 cents for the malt, it is so worth it! Dare I say one of the best chocolate milkshakes in town? I think so.
2	My friend and I went there for lunch one day. It was fairly busy, we were about 4th in line with 2 cashiers working. I stepped up to the cashier when it was my turn, and was then completely ignored for the next 3 or 4 minutes. When I say ignored, I mean it. The cashier did not even look at me or acknowledge me in any way, shape, or form. She proceeded to do something with the register for that  entire time. So I finally gave up and moved over to the other line. The food was good but for the  lackluster service, it wasn't great enough to make me ever go back.
4	Chloe's is indy-owned now, bought by Sam Fox's former general manager.  Swung by 10min before a Sur La Table cooking class was due to start.  There was a to-go section of one lonely sandwich at 6pm Sat (so the good news is sales must be brisk), but we took the risk of ordering a hot sandwich = longer serve time (6-7min for a hot, 3-4 min for a cold.. I swear, I quote).  Though I teasingly hinted any expediting would be great (no other in line in front of us), I didn't see that communicated from the cashier to the gal making the hot pastrami and swiss.  Can I really fault them, no probably not.  And really, the cashier guy was uber nice from beginning to end.I asked them to wrap the 2 halves separately for sharing, and it was a tasty pastrami.  The casual patio atmopshere will definitely have me come back when I have time for a sit down.
4	The Corner chopped salad blows my mind every time I eat.  The flavors of smoked turkey, grapes, sweet pecans and blue cheese swirl around my taste buds and makes my mouth so happy! Also very tasty iced coffee.  Another great place to sit outside with my pooch.
5	This quaint little order at the counter restaurant is one of my favorites!  They always give fast service and really great food.  There's usually someplace cozy to sit - indoors or out.  I LOVE their yogurt parfait!!!  They serve up an awesome grilled cheese and tomato soup.  Their salads are great!  They also have great coffee (ICED especially!)  and bev selection.  If you're in Kirland and are looking for someplace to eat that's quick, this is the place.  Has Fox Restaurants ever screwed up with any of their projects?  I love them all!
5	We popped in here for lunch on our last day at the Westin Kierland across the street.  Chloe's Corner was my husband's pick (found here on Yelp), and despite its simplicity and casualness, it ended up being one of the most enjoyable meals we had in Scottsdale.On another Yelper's recommendation, I had the American Grilled cheese (three types of cheese, bacon, tomato and pickles) with a cup of tomato soup.  My husband devoured the chicken caesar salad and barely had room for his hot turkey sandwich (turkey and havarti on cranberry walnut bread).The staff was so darn perky and upbeat it was hard not to be in a good mood while we were there.  Because we sat at the counter, we overheard at least a dozen other customers placing their orders and, although at least half of them were clueless/picky/rude, the staff was patient, helpful and totally on top of their game.Yes, it's just a small breakfast/lunch place, but if you're in Kierland Commons and need something quick and good, I don't think you could do better than Chloe's Corner.
5	Like all Fox eateries you can expect the best. Grilled cheese to DIE for! Cheap coffee, great food, great service, great environment. Formerly know as "the counter," Mr Fox renamed it after the birth of his daughter Chloe. You can feel the family vibe when you sit at the counter and order your "counter chopped" salad or "hot roast beef" sandwich.
4	So here comes one of my favorite lazy Sunday brunch at Chloe's corner: Grilled Cheese with Cheddar, Swiss, white American, bacon, tomato on white bread, paired with a cup of Tomato Soup, hmmmmmm..that's my comfort food..This place is spacious and cute; grab a quick meal on the counter? Sunshine and coffee on the patio? Or just want a table by the window for some people watching? They got all covered! And don't forget to take a walk around the Kierland Commons, it helps for your digestion :) Oh, i love my Sundays.
5	I hadn't been here since it was known as The Counter - it was good then and it was amazing now. Stopped in for a bite with Mom while visiting AZ and decided to try the Roast Beef sandwich (cold). O.M.G. It was probably the best roast beef sandwich I've ever had. I couldn't even save a bite for my Mom (sorry Mom!) - just wolfed it down. I may have left a couple of pounds heavier but I enjoyed every morsel of it.
5	This is one of my favorite places for lunch. Its a cute little place full of light and great for either a quick stop or a relaxing lunch. All their food is delicious and well portioned. Very fresh and outstanding in flavor.My favorite is their fresh brewed iced tea and corner chopped salad!
5	Amazing and quick
5	I went walking around Kierland Commons for lunch and stopped by this great spot. It was busy, and seating was very limited indoors (sitting outdoors in Scottsdale this time of year is just not worth it). I went right up to the counter and ordered a BLT, and I enjoyed it with a Pellegrino all for just a hair over $10.00. I sat at the counter, and my sandwich arrived quickly (within less than 5-6 minutes which is great). I have to say this is one of the best BLTs that I've eaten (and no I didn't take it apart). The bacon was delicious, thick cut, and most definitely not microwaved sliver bacon like you're prone to get at other places. The sandwich had a healthy helping of lettuce, tomato, and a tasty mayo and the bread was toasted very nicely. I also like the vibe of the place ... urban chic lunch counter without the pretension? Sounds about right. I definitely have no reservations with rating this place at five stars. Pros:  Quick service, nice ambiance, tasty food.Cons: Gets very busy during lunch time, but service doesn't deteriorate (which I think qualifies as a pro too) Grades:Overall: A  (no demerit taken on the overall grade) Food:    A  (The famous chef Gordon Ramsay said that if you're going                    to make a simple common dish, you have to do it                     extremely well, and I think Chloe's stepped up to the plate                     and earned my "A" rating for perfect execution on this                     simple lunch dish). Service:  A  (Excellent, efficient service with personable waitstaff that                     aren't annoying or overbearing.) Drinks:  N/A  (Drinking on duty is somewhat a faux pas at work, so                       no booze was sampled. However, they did have a very                       good list of wines and some nice bottles of beer available                      for those who are seeking stronger libations for lunch)
5	Friendly & attentive staff. Great healthy food options & prices are very reasonable. Parking lot across the street. You order at the counter and they bring the food to you. Great place to have lunch with girlfriends!
4	A little expensive for a sandwich place and parking is tough due to the Kierland location but their service is impeccable. The food tastes great and they offer great salads and sandwiches. Their dessert bars are awesome and big enough to share easily with others. Grilled cheese and tomato soup are the mainstays. This place does great with large group orders.
5	This place rocks!!!  We order fro mwork all the time!! everyone is friendly  and and the food is just ..uhm PHENOMENAL!!!  Great people watching location as well as perfect pit stop for shopping fuel. Off to pick up my order now!!!
4	I want to try it all!
5	I love the always smiling crew and food is delicious.50cents coffee in the morning outside tables with sun exposure and friendly clientele, all this in the beautiful kierland commonsGood morning America
5	Great employees!  Cant beat the $0.50 cup of coffee.  Come here for breakfast often and I can't help but order the fruit parfait each time!  it's delicious!  Have also had the breakfast burrito which is wonderful as well.The hot/cold sandwiches are good too as well as the pastries.
4	While up in the area for meetings, I was in the need of a relatively quick lunch and wanted to go somewhere where I could relax for a couple minutes and have a nice solo dining experience. I found that at Chloe's Corner. Chloe's Corner is a great lunchtime option for any of the following lunch goers:- Solo diners - Diners with children - Friends eating lunch while on their lunch break - Shoppers wanting to take a retail break and revive their systems The atmosphere at Chloe's is that of a trendy kitchen. You order your food at the counter and can get it brought to your table (seat yourself) or you can get it to go. If you're in a hurry, they have ready-made options in the refrigerator including sandwiches and past salads. They have a large selection of drinks including retro style sodas to regular fountain drinks and even one of my favorites: Sobe diet! Sugarholics watch out because as you wait in line, small packages of candy treats stare at you and tempt you with every step. At least they did for me! But, I made it to the front without a piece of candy in hand so it was a good will power day for me. Plus, they also have a large selection of magic bars and other cookies, brownies and cakes. If I ever need a sugar fix while doing retail therapy, I know where to go! Moving on to the food options, they have a large selection of cold and warm sandwiches, as well as salads. Plus they sell breakfast until a certain hour as well! I ended up getting the warm turkey sandwich on cranberry walnut bread with Havarti cheese, mustard and held the mayo. The bread was delicious and complimented the items inside. It doesn't come with any sides, but the sandwich was filling enough in itself. My sandwich and soda ended up being $10 so it's not cheap and not over the top either. The only reason I would say it's a little pricey is for the fact that the sandwich doesn't come with any side, not even a little cup of fruit. However, the sandwich was good and if I am in the area during lunchtime again I would probably stop by.
5	I love Chloe's Corner! It's a great go to for your light lunch cravings. They have a nice spread of soups, sandwiches and salads, all prepared fresh before your eyes. The service is fabulous, this spot is a definite favorite :)
1	Cashier and server were nice, food was prompt. Don't get the tune melt. It was bland, and very dissatisfying. Something I could have made better myself. The atmosphere was cold and unwelcoming. It seems popular and the prices are good but I'd rather spend my $ elsewhere.
5	My daughter and I love this place! Whenever we are shopping at Kierkland Commons we stop here for lunch.  You order at the counter and your food is brought out to you.  We like to sit outside and people-watch whenever we can.  It's a great location.  My favorite is the Corner Chopped Salad ~ I get it everytime and it is amazing.  My daughter gets the classic grilled cheese and a cup of tomato soup.  Perfection!  Friendly service, delicious good.  Highly recommend.
4	I dig this place. A nice spacious place with plenty of elbow room and a diverse sandwich lunch menu, breakfast and outstanding desserts. They have a small outdoor patio as well.I had the turkey sandwich and it was good. My son had the grilled cheese and tomato soup. I just wish the girl at the counter told me there were two different types of grilled cheese sandwiches. A traditional grilled cheese sandwich for $4.50 and a grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and tomatoes for $6 or $6.50, my son doesn't like tomatoes. Live and learn.So after lunch, I was checking out all the stuff on the side that was for sale such as the ice cream, candy, brownies and 7 layer dessert. On a whim I snagged the 7 layer dessert for 3 dollars plus tax. This thing was big, make that GINORMOUS. I'm guessing there there about 6 layers of delicious goodness on top of the crumbled gram cracker base. It included nuts, carmel, etc. I eat it so fast I'm going to have to make another trip to more accurately describe this dessert. My son had a GINORMOUS brownie for $3 plus tax.
4	This place is a bit unorganized but the food makes up for it. They have some amazing breakfast sandwiches with moist fresh eggs, cheese and avocado on a lovely bun - Yummo! Lunch - just as good, fresh tuna salad on cranberry walnut bread and coconut butterscotch cookies..... amazing!!
5	My last stop at an eatery in Scottsdale during my trip and this was a great way to end it. Went for lunch and was not disappointed. Tons o options for hot and cold sandwiches plus salads and I think some wraps too. I'm not sure simply because I stopped looking when I saw the Tina salad on walnut cranberry bread. And it was awesome. The sandwiches don't come with chips or anything like that, but they do come with a nice serving of deli pickle slices. Which were fresh and tasty!Tons and tons of beverage options and yummy baked goods which are also quite good.Worth a stop for lunch (which can be quite busy) and I will try to get back here next time I'm in town.
4	Chloe's is a perfect lunch spot for the price. The shop itself has a positive atmosphere without the snobby Scottsdale air about it and the food is dirt cheap. I'm not sure how they make such great sandwiches for $7 but I plan on going back repeatedly. Be sure to check them out if you want to relax for lunch.
4	We need more places like this in Scottsdale. I stopped in for breakfast Saturday morning. Ordered the Lox and Bagel..... Fantastic! And a great Value. Other reviewers have suggested that Chloes is rather pricey but I disagree. The Lox and Bagel with fountain drink came to less than $10. I would have spend $13+ at Lox Stock and Bagel, $11+ at Chompies and around $10 at Einsteins.  Also - I like how all the ingredients are nicely spread out on the plate so I can put together my sandwitch just the way I like it. And the smoked salmon was just perfect. Thicker than most but not so thick that it became flakey. I would have given them 5 stars but they forgot to include capers even thought I asked for them. Maybe next time.
5	For my 1000th review, I decided to choose Chloe's Corner.  I've been here a few times and really enjoy coming here for breakfast on my day off.  Located in Kierland Common,  I love how convenient it is to a large parking lot and garage.....easy in/out access.  I also love the counter seating option.....makes for a very quick meal and comfortable for dining alone.My two favorite dishes here are the Chorizo and Egg Burrito, $6.00 and the Breakfast Sandwich (Eggs, Bacon, Mayo, Cheese), $6.50.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jvnMR2D-YVtnQWCP4PN_kw?select=eHfPsCEtTbF1_xC8RoWe4Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jvnMR2D-YVtnQWCP4PN_kw?select=1OXc4iFyfif-X4YZl0O2mwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jvnMR2D-YVtnQWCP4PN_kw?select=fxHDSdlPpvOJXGviWzt1YAThey're both very simple dishes, but done very well.  The Eggs are prepared scrambled in both dishes with the right proportion of Meat.  Their homemade Salsa goes really well with the Burrito....I just wish it was spicier...although my tastes are on the spicier side than most people.  The portion size of these dishes are just right too, not too much and not too small....I don't need to order 2 dishes to feel full and 1 dish doesn't leave me feeling guilty.As a bonus, the service here is great.  They're always friendly and spot on making sure my Coffee cup stays full or that I'm satisfied before they give me the check.  It's not one of those places that sets your check in front of you while you're eating.....it's one of my Pet Peeves when dining out.Overall, I really enjoy coming here.  I look forward to my next visit.Return Factor - 100%
5	Great breakfast.  Highly recommended.  Plus you can walk from the Kierland for a decent priced breakfast.
3	I lurv cute little restaurants in nice areas...you eat a good meal and then shop it off;)  I ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup.  Was feeling like some comfort food.  I also had a cup coffee, which was only $0.50.  I had ordered the coffee separately, and had only large bills, the guy said forget about it...very nice.  The coffee was a little diluted today, not a big deal.  My food order was good, but not memorable.  My husband ordered the chicken pesto.  It was also good, but not memorable.  I like the vibe at the cafe, and if I lived in the area, I would probably return.  But as a tourist, there are too many other places to try out.
4	Yum!  This place is adorable. It's resembles a trendy diner and I loved the concept. It's easy to place your order at the register upon entering the restaurant. There were lots of people bellied up to the counter enjoying their lunch plus there were plenty of tables to sit at. I had the Classic Grilled Cheese ($4.50) and a cup of tomato soup ($2.50). The grilled cheese had the perfect amount of cheese and was grilled to perfection. The tomato soup was outstanding and my favorite part of the meal. Cannot wait to go back and have it again. I also like the deli pickle slices they give with the meal and the gentleman that served my sandwhich was more than willing to fetch me a side of dijon mustard. Thanks!Will be back again soon!
4	I've been coming to Chloe's Corner since it opened back in the day as "The Counter."  It is probably one of my favorite lunch spots in the area.  It is quick, yet relaxed...and the food is perfect.  They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.  I usually always get the Classic grilled cheese along with a cup of their tomato soup.  I don't know what it is about this grilled cheese, because their really is nothing out of the ordinary about it, but damn they are so good.  Dip it in the tomato soup and it is a bit of heaven (or your childhood...).  When I feel like switching it up, I'll usually get the chinese chicken salad.  The chicken is shredded and the dressing (ginger-soy) is so delish....I usually end up ordering an extra side of the dressing because I like it so much.If you are in the Kierland/Scottsdale Q area for lunch, do not hesitate one bit to come into Chloe's Corner for lunch.  It's quick, affordable, and tasty.
5	Great sandwiches and salads! If I lived closer, I would probably be here every day.I typically order the hot smoked turkey sandwich and a cup of tomato soup. The cranberry walnut bread is soo delicious! I also loved the corner shop salad, which has poppy seed dressing, candied pecans, and blue cheese (yum!). The iced tea is fabulous and there are great dessert options- cookies, brownies, and rice krispie treats.This place gets crowded at peak lunch times, but we can usually find a table either inside or on their patio. It's sometimes like navigating a maze to get a refill on your drink.I keep coming back here for the awesome food, great service, and relaxed atmosphere. It's also one of the few places we can bring our pup. Some of the tables outside are approved for sitting with your dog (they have a permit on the window).
5	This is my favorite, go-to lunch spot. The food is fantastic and reasonably priced. Service is quick and friendly, and the people that work there have been there for years, so it's always great to walk in and have people recognize you. The whole experience is even better if you can get a table outside. I even love sitting at the counter. I always get their soup--tomato is a classic and delicious, but broccoli cheese and clam chowder are fabulous as well. Egg salad sandwich is sooo good (ask them to toast the bread and get a side of mustard), hot smoked turkey sandwich..yummm! And the tuna salad (with an extra hard boiled egg) and the corner chopped salad (with extra turkey) is amazing (I like extra protein I guess). Oh and might I add, their milkshakes are creamy and delicious!When you're all done, you're in a great place to walk it off :)
4	I can't say enough about the only thing I ever get here.The American Grilled Cheese (Big ass bread, thick cut delicious bacon, lots of cheese and sliced tomato) w/ a cup of home made tomato soup.This is the perfect comfort food! If you crave this come here. You will be back! OH MY!As a side note, this place would get 10 stars for  "scenery" while you are eating.
2	As a New Yorker there's nothing I love more than pizza and a great sandwich - so I was excited to check out Chloe's Corner after reading some of the great reviews.Unfortunately I was hugely disappointed by the quality of the sandwiches. I got the turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce and mustard on cranberry walnut bread and the sandwich was dry... the bread lacked flavor, the turkey tasted gamey instead of having a nice roasted flavor to it and the cranberry sauce was barely on it.I also got a cup of the tomato soup, which was good but nothing extraordinary. Personally, I wouldn't bother with this place - a sandwich shop that doesn't make good sandwiches is not worth the money.
4	This is a wonderful little sandwich shop. They have an awesome menu that includes tasty sandwiches and fresh salads at reasonable prices. When I went to Chloe's, I ordered the cold Roast Beef sandwich and my friend got the Asian Chicken Salad. They were both delicious. My favorite part was the homemade chocolate chip cookies; MMM!The service at Chloe's was also great, but it's important to note that it get's VERY busy during the lunch hour, so plan ahead some extra time!
5	Food is fantastic, some of the best sandwiches you can find anywhere. But, really what makes Chloe's are the waitress and waiters. They are all cheerful, helpful and if you become a regular (which I am as I live in Kierland Commons) they remember your name and your usual order. Try Chloe's you won't be sorry!!
4	Stopped in this AM for a cup of coffee.  It was only 50 cents and it tasted great!
4	This place has amazing salads and sandwiches. The price is perfect as well. I actually think this is one of the cheapest places to eat in Kierland Commons. The only reason I took away 1 star is because there is not enough seating outside. I know that is something that they cant control, but I love to eat outside when the weather is right. They have about 6 tables (it might actually be less) outside and the place is always hopping. I normally shop around at the stores and keep checking for a table to open... then I eat there. They have seating inside too. I would recommend their chicken salad sandwich and egg salad sandwich. AMAZING!!! I have pretty much ordered and devoured every salad that is on the menu. I also love the fact that they have freshly brewed iced tea. I have yet to have a bad experience at this restaurant. This is my go to restaurant when I am shopping Kierland Commons (which is very often).
5	Co-workers introduced me to this amazing place last summer and now I bring all my family and friends here every chance I get!! Everything is absolutely delicious, from the cookies to lemon squares to turkey sandwiches to the BEST grilled cheese on the planet. Good prices and the staff is always friendly so I would recommend Chloes for a quick lunch or early dinner =)
5	My new favorite lunch spot! -$0.50 Iced/Hot coffee! ***-Fresh Salads/Sandwiches-My favorite: Egg Salad on Wheat or BLT on Chabatta Bread-Apple turnover was flaky and full of big chunks of fruit!You order at the front and they either give you a number or bring the food to your table.
4	Nice, clean and convenient.
2	Cool little hipster spot but honestly not all that great pretty average sandwiches and not worth 15 bucks for a sandwich and chips
5	We usually stop in here when out and about running errands in the morning.  I really like the breakfast burrito and my husband gets either the oatmeal or the Chloe's Favorite, eggs, bacon and fruit.
2	Portions are kid/girl-sized and they rush you to turn the table.  When I asked why they did not have wi-fi the waitress said, "We don't want people sitting here tying up our tables".  Most of us, check our emails while we are eating and leave.  They are going for the neighborhood feel, but their staff is not too neighborly.  I am out!
5	Yearly trip to Scottsdale for he 4th and promised this was the year i grab a sandwich at this allegedly 4 star yelp stop. Popped in with my daughter and we both wanted the smoked turkey and cranbury on cranburry.Off the hook.  Great sandiwch, fresh ingredients, superb bread...ALL good..New yearly stop. If you wanta top notch sandwich this the place.
4	We go here on lunch breaks often. Very nice little cafe, with fresh food. The only thing I wish they had where a side offering of more than bagged chips. None the less for the price, the quality is spot on. A little gem in North Scottsdale, with fast and friendly service with something to eat for everyone.
4	Chloe's Corner is a great pit stop when hunger takes over after a day of shopping.I'd walked past a few times & finally went in for lunch last week. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich for $8 & it was brought out within a couple minutes. I thought it was a good size portion & was really good.It's a great place for grab & go meals, quick dine-in meals & coffee breaks.
3	So so
4	We found this little place on yelp when looking for a new place in the "hood" to go for lunch.  We are hooked!  They have outdoor tables, indoor tables and an old school counter to sit down at where they cook the food right there.  There is plenty of staff on hand so the service is GREAT!  The food selection is mostly healthy so they have something for everyone:  Soup, salads and sandwiches.  I believe they serve breakfast but we are never up in time on the weekends to try the brunch.  They have hot sandwiches (Panini's) or cold sandwiches and plenty of sides including macaroni salad, pasta salad, potato salad, chips, etc.  They also have quite a selection of soft drinks and the place also doubles as a mini-mart, kind of.  You can stop in and get pre-packaged food and drink.  The only thing I wish they had was a 1/2 sandwich with a 1/2 salad or cup of soup.  My hubby and I sometimes get a sandwich and a salad and split.  Definitely worth trying out.  The prices are normal - $6 - $9 for a salad or sandwich.  The sides are extra.  Try the green tea ice tea.  It is absolutely refreshing on a hot day.  I could drink gallons!
5	Really great little place! Had the broccoli cheese soup with the hot turkey sandwich and had to eat every scrumptious bite! They have a quick grab and go section with pre-prepared items also if you need something quick. Friendly staff! Will be looking forward to my next visit!
4	We've been here three times now and two times I've ordered the hot roast beef sandwich. To me, it's a comfort food. There's roast beef, cheese, mustard, and tomatoes. Nothing fancy (except I do request Havarti), but it is so good. The husband has had the Greek salad, both with and without chicken. It's good - the dressing isn't over powering (as some places can be). We've also tried their triple chocolate cookies - which are delicious.There's seating both inside and out, both being crowded at the lunch time rush. The line can be long, but the service is quick and everyone is real nice. Parking for this place can be tricky, since it is in the Kierland shopping area, but it's really about timing. If you are ever in the area, definitely check it out. It's cute and the food is great. This is one of our favorite lunch spots!
3	So I've been watching a lot of Restaurant Impossible & Restaurant Stakeout.... and Chloe's Corner needs to be on Restaurant Staeout... I think the owner would be very disappointed in what was going on while he/she's not there... or maybe it was just a bad day..... So my boyfriend & I made the hike up to North Scottsdale to check out this cafe. It had exactly what I was craving - turkey sandwich hot! So when we got there we went right up to order.. there were 5 employees standing behind the cash register with their backs to us. I made eye contact with one of the employees but he continued to have his conversation with the other 4. They were laughing and joking around... After 5 minutes of standing there debating wheter to leave or not he finally asked us "what can I get you?".... we placed our order and sat at the bar.... Which I totally liked! You can watch your sandwich being made! Lovely! There were about 7-8 people working... But only 2 "honestly" working... the other 5 were goofing around hanging out together behind the counter. The 2 that were working was the sandwhich creator and a server.... Normally I wouldn't be paying attention but the 5 that weren't working were so loud talking to each other that you couldn't help but pay attention over listen... After waiting 10-15 minutes our sandwhiches finally came - but there was some confusion if we were eating here or taking it to go. We were eating it here - and I think that is something that they should asked us when you placing our order... maybe the employee was too distracted when taking our order that he forgot to ask... The sandwhiches were good.... they tasted fresh! I would definitely go back to Chloe's but maybe I would get it to go or maybe I would sit outside so that I was distracted by the unmotivated wait staff...
2	I had the occasion to visit here today with a friend.  After reading some of the reviews, I had pre-decided on the grilled cheese sandwich with the famous tomato soup.  I did peruse the menu posted on the chalkboard on the wall....writing so small  I almost had to get on the counter to read it...but stuck with my original selection.  The sandwich was nothing special, just seemed to be a mixture of cheeses on white bread with 3 small pickle slices.  The tomato soup was a bit watery for my taste and perhaps about 6 oz.  With the addition of a small fountain drink, the bill was just over $10.  Would I try this restaurant again?  Probably not, but it looked like they were doing a pretty good business with local traffic and the service was fast.
5	Super friendly staff serving fantastic food and you can't beat the 50-cent cup of coffee - hot or iced! Great vibe - lots of regulars making their required pre-work stop or hanging out on the weekends. I love their baked goods - unique flavors for scones, muffins and cookies!
4	Each visit to Chloe's makes me happy. The space recalls an urban deli yet is spacious, cheery and sun-drenched like all the best of Arizona. I almost always get the grilled cheese and tomato soup even when it's 100 degrees outside, and never regret it. The grilled cheese is comfort food at it's best with lots of gooey cheese on fresh buttered grilled bread, and the tomato soup is the best anywhere - just the right acidity and balance of light and heavy.
4	A cool lunch spot.  It was busy, but most places that are good are.  Food was great, tons to choose from.  Will def be back.
4	Quick and easy breakfast or lunch. Really good salads and I also enjoyed the pesto sandwich. I like that they serve alcohol there too. My favorite thing at this location might be the baked goods (cookies, muffins, etc).
4	I wandered into Chloe's Corner because it was in a convenient location and I was starving.  Admittedly, I wasn't expecting much.  It's cute but it looks like a standard deli, chalkboard menus and all.  I was pleasantly surprised with my lunch.  I already know the hot smoked turkey sandwich will haunt my dreams...smoked turkey breast, havarti and tomato on cranberry walnut bread.  Pure deliciousness.  The menu had several other items - sandwiches, salads and soups that sound tempting.  This place certainly draws a crowd during the peak lunch hour but they seem to move quickly.  I didn't have to wait long for my meal.  Another plus, the prices were surprisingly reasonable. I do believe I've found a new lunch spot in North Scottsdale.
2	OK I love sandwiches. I was the kid who had the same Turkey Sandwich everyday for lunch growing up by choice because I love sandwiches. Now with that being said I live near Old Town which is lacking a good sandwich spot in my opinion. So when my girlfriend and I stumbled upon this place thanks to Yelp! we were excited. First of the place looks really cool. It looks like sharp and somewhere you would want to eat. It was a Sunday afternoon and we walked in around 2pm, the place was relatively empty. After we looked through the cold case and the menu we walked up to the counter and waited.....and waited....and waited. There were 5 employees standing right in front of us really enjoying themselves until one finally realized we had been waiting to order. We ordered panini style turkey sandwiches paid and sat at the counter top bar. The food also took a while to come out. As we sat there we just watched the employees play on their phones, make fun of each other, hangout in the back and overall very unprofessional. When our $9 sandwiches finally arrived they were only OK. Nothing we couldn't have made at home with a $10 panini press from target some deli meat and bread. It gets two stars because of the restaurant decor and OK food. The staff kills this place they are loud, unkept and unprofessional. I'll spend a few more dollars and go to many of the other great restaurants in Kierland.
5	I work downtown and Chloe's is by far my favorite. Every salad is amazing and the food is very fast so it's great when your in a rush! I prefer to make my own salad and enjoy the fresh ingredients. But, when I have ordered from the menu, I have never been disappointed!
5	if you want the best cookie in town, then look no further than Chloe's Corner. The naughty in house bakers make a triple chocolate chip cookie that is to die for. In my humble opinion, not even Paradise Bakery's cookie's are that good in comparison.Yes, Chloe's Corner is absolutely worth the detour for just a cookie. Some might think that $ 1.25 is a bit much but for the quality that you get to deliver to your taste buds, it is well worth it.
4	I really enjoy Chloe's Corner, mostly because of their Egg Salad Sandwich. Their Egg Salad is really creamy with notes of mustard, and large pieces of egg throughout. It's really quite good.I like the style of the restaurant as well. You order at the counter, get a number, and then take a seat. They also have a refrigerator section where you can get to-go items and pasta salads that aren't on their menu. I often get a side of the Greek Pasta salad. It can be a little hit or miss because sometimes the pasta is too oily and needs to be drained a bit.They also have big jars of old fashion candy and large house-made individually wrapped cookies. It's a cute concept.Chloe's Corner is a good place to grab a quick bit while shopping at Kierland.
5	Ohhh if only I could stop ordering the Corner Chop salad, I can get around to trying some other things on the menu!! Corner Chop: Mixed greens, red grapes, blue cheese, smoked turkey, candied pecans, poppy seed dressing. I asked one of the employees about the carrot cake and he said it's some of the best he's ever had. "No kidding", he said. Of course I HAD to try it. Verdict: it may not be the multiple layer carrot cake I'm used to, but OMG was it delish!! It was indeed some of the best carrot cake ever. Tip: purchased in the refrigerated case - it's best enjoyed at room temp. Oh, and don't forget their morning 50 cent cup of Jo. Enjoy!
5	I love the corner, they have probably my favorite breakfast sandwich (bacon, egg and cheese) and the best BLT anywhere.  The spinach salad is also excellent.  hard to go wrong I eat here for lunch a coupe of times a week.
4	I stop at Chloe's Corner about once a week for a quick bite.  They do a nice business because they're the only sandwich place in Kierland Commons, for those of us who work nearby.Like Sarah Y, I love their Egg Salad sandwiches.  It's creamy without being slopping with a hint of Coleman's mustard.  Another joy is just sitting at the counter and having a fountain drink (see photo).  Besides the Egg Salad, another one of my favorites is their rare Roast Beef sandwich (photo).  Both are delicious.Chloe's is very reminiscent of the old days, when you could buy a sandwich at Walgreen's.  That how they started off, as a small drugstore serving sandwiches and fountain drinks back in Chicago.  Clearly they grew well beyond that concept.  For those from the east coast, it's like the old Chock-full-of-nuts coffee shops.  By the way, the soups at Chloe's are amazing.Most of Chloe's sandwiches are in the $6.50 to $7.50 range and are delicious.  Don't forget that they also offer a freshly brewed cup of their signature coffee for only 50 cents!  A bottomless cup as they say.Enjoy!
4	I frequent Chloe's, as I work near here. Not only is it convenient and reasonably priced, the food is really good. Their sandwiches are large and ingredients are always fresh, same for the salads. They have really good breakfast options too, and offer a great cup of coffee for $.50! Their grab-n-go case is convenient if you're pinched for time. They also make one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever had!
4	In a place like Kierland Commons, where the lower end eateries are PF Chang's and The Cheesecake Factory, it's nice to have a quick and cheap option to grab a quality lunch.  Chole's Corner fits perfectly into the urban lifestyle concept of this shopping center.  It reminds me a lot of the sandwich shops you can find on a random street in a Chicago or New York Neighborhood.Order your food at the counter, seat yourself, they'll bring it to you when it's ready.  If you're in a hurry, grab some of the refrigerated ready-made options.  The hot and cold sandwiches, the soups and salads are all fresh and delicious.  I've never had any of the treats or breakfast offerings, but I'm sure it's just as good as lunch.  I've also never ordered the grilled cheese, but have been told it is nothing short of amazing.The most expensive item on Chole's Corner's menu is $7.75.  No sides are included, but the portions are perfect.  You can enjoy a good lunch for about $10 if you include a drink.  My only disappointment about this place is that it closes at 6:00pm.  I understand that it's a lunch and breakfast spot, but why not stay open an extra hour to catch a shopper who just ran into one of the stores to pick something up on the way home from work?
3	The food was very good! I had the cold turkey sandwich and the bread it comes on is amazing. It is a bit crowded at lunch time and is small inside. All in all I would go back.
3	My wife is always yammering on about how this place is the shit; "I really don't want to go with you to Lowe's, but as long as you're going to be in the area, can we stop at Chloe's for lunch?" she asks, with all the countenance of a child begging for candy at a grocer's checkout. I take my sweet-ass time in Lowe's, knowing full well what lies in store...Sitting in Chloe's for an hour, watching, as a seemingly endless procession of Scottsdale posers saunter by. All this as I sit there in my grubby work clothes, gnawing on some bunny-food salad my wife suggested. Arrrgh.I had a Greek salad. It was ok. My wife had the same thing only hers was different than mine. Hers had some secret ingredient that mine didn't. You'd think she'd just had a thirty-minute tantric orgasm the way she carried on.The woman seated next to us had a laptop the size of a football field. She pretended to be working as she furtively gave everyone in the joint the once-over. Even me, for shit's sakes. (My 'fashion don't' apparel I suppose.)Little did she know how her sneakiness skills were no match for mine.I've had a lifetime of checking out women's boobs and never getting caught, even without reflective sunglasses for Christ's sakes. What was SHE thinking?I watched as she sat there checking out everyone's shit, feigning interest in her keyboard save for occasionally, whenever anyone sensed she was gawking at them, then she'd begin typing like her life depended on it. What a douche.I went home afterward and fixed the smelly-ass garbage disposal, just as my wife had suggested, ahem, instructed, ahem, commanded.She's full of good ideas on Saturdays.
4	This is a great option if you just want to grab a good lunch at Kierland without mortgaging your house. Its essentially the non-chain answer to Paradise Bakery. The restaraunt was clean and inviting. My wife had the Chef's salad which was large and had lots of meats and cheeses. I had the "American Grilled Cheese.". The tomatoes were fresh and ripe and the bacon was thick and cooked properly. You can also get an ice cold beer if you want. There are also some great specialty sodas available.I would go back for lunch and I reccomend this place for anyone who doesn't want to break the bank for lunch at Kierland.
3	Really like this place.  However, if you're looking to get a glass of wine of your choosing, this isn't the place. They serve one red and one white wine only. So, if you're not a Chardonnay drinker and the only bottle of white wine they have opened is a Chardonnay, you're out of luck. I personally am not a Chardonnay drinker. Was in there yesterday and asked if they had Pinot Grigio. The answer was no. So, just had water to drink (which was probably a good thing anyway).Cheap coffee. One of the only places I know where you can get a cup of joe for 50 cents. Great breakfast sandwiches. My husband loves their grilled cheese sandwich. I like their Greek salad.So, my only beef is the wine or, rather, the lack of it. It wouldn't be much trouble for them  to keep more than two bottles of wine open at the same time ....
5	I went to Chloe's Corner yesterday for lunch in Kierland and couldn't of been more impressed. The atmosphere is a throw back to my childhood in Oklahoma where you came and parked ur behind at the counter but with a modern twist without trying to be too trendy.  I talked to the manager and he told me it used to be a fox restaurant but the owner, his sister who worked for Fox bought them out when they no longer wanted to won the place and she took it over herself and tweaked the menu. I thought it was very cool that Chloe's went from a corporate place to a locally owned one. So onto the important stuff. The food. I ordered a grilled cheese and it was one of the best grilled cheeses I have had in a very long time. What I love about this sandwich is that they are not trying to "update" or "modernize" it. They took some fresh white bread and buttered it up then placed thick slices Cheddar, Swiss, and White American on top with a thick cut of juicy bacon and a tomato. When I bit into it cheese oozed out and you would get that rich taste of the cheese, the freshness of the tomato and the right amount of saltiness and crunch from the bacon. It tasted so good it felt like I was eating in slow motion. I might have to go there again today because it was so dang good.One of my favorite things in the world are oatmeal raisin cookies and they had some oatmeal dark cherry cookies that I had to try and these were fantastic as well. The cookie was big, dense, and soft just how I like them and when you bite into it the cookie melted sweet goodness and just when you think its getting a little too sweet the tartness of the cherry hit and really brought it all together. If your in the Kierland area anytime soon I highly recommend Chloe's. I certainly will be going back very soon.
5	Had albacore tuna salad two days in a row.  Outstanding food and wonderful workers. This is a gem for both food and price!
4	LOVE the food here! Everything is good. It's a little pricey, but the coffee is $.50 in the morning. Score!
5	I had an excellent lunch here today.  It's a cute little place with excellent food (I had the tuna melt).   Great location in Keirland
3	Shopping in the K Commons and the wife and I were getting hungry. We were both tired of PF's and the Cheese Cake Hut and wanted to try something new. Saw all the good reviews and decided to give this a try on a Saturday for lunch around noonish. Maybe the wrong time to visit?Inside reminded me of the type of sandwich shops that my mom would take me to when shopping back in the 70's. They offer your simple Breakfast favorites, Hot and Cold Sandwiches, Soups and Salads as well as Dessert items for your sweet tooth.The place was packed to the rim with hungry shoppers trying to order, eat and get out of there in a hurry. We both ordered a Sandwich and a bag of chips and a glass of water. The food tasted pretty good but was nothing to get excited about. I make better sandwiches at home for a fraction of the price.Thought the size of the place was rather small with tables placed like a mine field in the center of the eating area. This making it difficult to maneuver of course. Had several people bump into our table trying to escape the madness. They also have stools up at the counter but they were all taken this time.Place gets really noisy and hard to enjoy your meal. I felt like I was watching both the movie Valley Girl to the left of me and Kindergarten Cop to the right at the same time. Hmmm?Worlds are colliding as George Costanza would say. Maybe it was just an off day. Enjoy!3.5 STARS
3	Really cute place with lots of charm.Sandwiches only ok though,
4	The hot smoked turkey was great! The bread was warm and crisp and everything inside was fresh! My mom liked the Chinese chicken salad she said it was really tasty. The sandwich was a little bland but I'll come back.
5	You can't find a better place for a quick breakfast or lunch in North Scottsdale...my wife and I love going!
5	The chipotle raspberry turkey on cranberry walnut is great!!The service is friendly and atmosphere is fun. It's a great place to grab a bite to eat.
5	Great food, delicious cheap coffee, awesome service. This place located in prime location but the price the food is reasonable. Frankly anyone can afford it. Cheap doesnt mean bad food, in this place it means delicious food. Thank you for that
4	Excellent.....my new favorite lunch spot in the Kierland area.  Definitely going back.  I got the italian....excellent.  My buddy got the chicken pesto and loved it as well.
4	Food was very good and the staff was very pleasant. The food was priced a little higher than expected but overall very inexpensive for that area. Will go there again.
4	The place is cute, I'd enjoy eating inside if it weren't so crowded all the time.My favorite is the hot roast beef sandwich. I love how crispy it is on the outside and when you bite in, you hear the crunch and sink into the hot melted cheese, tomatoes, and roast beef.The coffee is pretty good as well for a the standard cup of coffee, it's only 50 cents.Everything else I've tried is just okay though. I've tried different sandwiches, salads, breakfast items. Nothing special. The cookies are okay, muffins are a bit above average. They have some interesting muffin flavors (banana blueberry, ginger orange, cranberry, I think it varies each day). I tried their tomato soup, it was okay.The people who work here are so nice though, A+ on the service.
4	I had lunch with a coworker here a few weeks ago and I really enjoyed it. It's one of those places that I've heard a lot about but have just never been. We were luckily able to grab a parking spot at Kirkland and waited in line, which wasn't too long considering the lunch rush. Plus they have a lot of knick knacks for you to look at while you're waiting. I had a bowl of tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich. If you do this combo, I would recommend getting a cup of soup as the bowl is giant. Both were really good, my coworker had the same and also enjoyed it. I'll definitely return.
4	I really enjoy Chloe's Corner. The setup and atmosphere are great, very warm and inviting and the staff have all been very friendly.On to the food. I have ordered the chicken pesto sandwich and the hot roast beef and both were delicious. The cheeses really bring out the flavors of the sandwiches and you can tell the types of cheese were chosen carefully to represent the sandwich. I also have a slight addiction to the chocolate chip toffee cookies. so so good.
1	Went to Chloes for breakfast Sunday Morning.  Ordered the usual egg sandwich to go.  Waited 30 minutes and left with no sandwich.  Had this problem of long wait previously but did not learn.  This is why you pay up front.
4	Looking for a cheap meal?probably not the place to go....but for cheap coffee YES!Great food, pretty pricey, but good quality. Staff is excellent. great place to grab a coffee and relax or a  quick bite as you walk around Kierland!
5	The ultimate spot to have a great quality lunch with great taste. The food is fresh, made to order and the employees are fabulous! This is my go to spot!
5	A very enjoyable restaurant I visit often.   The up front counter is where I like to sit.  Quick response and excellent follow up while ordering. Also checking for anything while eating meals.   American grilled cheese and Caesar chicken salad I eat regularly. The main thing I enjoy is the interaction while eating which is top notch.   Will continue to visit with their excellent customer service.  Thank you.
4	Chloe's corner is a must for a casual breakfast. Quick, delicious, reasonably priced with a varied breakfast menu with healthy options like fresh berries, fruit, yogurt with granola and steel cut oats.
5	This place is perfect for a quick sandwich or salad. Usually when I come I get the chipotle raspberry chicken which is awesome. Today I got the veggie which was pretty amazing. My friend got the chicken pesto which was also really good. Unfortunately the sandwiches don't come with any chip or sides, but just a few cut pickles. Otherwise they have a good assortment of bottle beverages and teas. All in all it was a good experience.
2	Stopped in today after some shopping, was hoping for a better experience.  The music was load both inside and out, it was a little too hot to sit outside so we sat inside and needed to wear our jackets very very cold.  Some items on the menu are overpriced.  The milkshakes which are average size sell for $4.75 and they do not use good ice cream but rather ice cream with lots of preservatives, was hoping they would use Breyer's or Haagen Daz but they chose to go with a less expensive unhealthy brand like Dreyer's so we opted to pass on the milkshakes.  There is not wait staff, you order at the register and they bring you your food... The Spinach salad was very tasty with fresh spinach, strawberries, blueberries, pistachios and goat cheese.  I went specifically to try the spinach salad and it did not disappoint.  Also had the American grill cheese which is over-priced @ $7.00 and very very salty...the grill cheese sandwich we had should sell for $4.00 if that much, very very boring.  overall it was a good salad nothing was wow, the cookies - triple chocolate and toffee chocolate both were super super sweet.  I expected a old fashion place so was a little disappointed with them.  The spinach salad was good just be very careful when you eat it as mine had a shell from the nuts and the shells can break your teeth.  The sandwiches do not come with anything and they really should come with chips or something, the sandwich looked so lonely on the plate...lol
1	Disappointed. Went for brunch and at 10:32 while in line counter guy said no more breakfast. "Breakfast ends at 10:30". We left and so did two other groups in line. Not a great customer service philosophy.
4	One of the best sandwiches in the area.  It would be nice to have something actually come with the sandwich to keep the plate company or to give me the option of getting a half sandwich soup or salad combo.  The layout could also use some optimization...good luck navigating through a surly line to get your drink refilled.  Those complaints are just nitpicking and won't deter me next from subsequent visits next time I have a sandwich fix.
1	Currently sitting here at this restaurant looking at my toast that's saturated in butter and my moms parfait that is nothing but granola with a dollop of yogurt and a berry or two. We came for lunch a couple of times before and was nothing to be that excited about so we stopped going. Although this morning we unfortunately decided to try breakfast....like how can u mess up breakfast? Well Chloes Corner did. Its not that great. Sorry :/
5	Stopped by Chloe's Corner during a recent shopping trip. What luck! The decor was cute as a button and the food was down right delicious. I'm gluten-free and don't often find options that I like. The Pastrami Sandwich on gluten-free bread was winner and definitely will have coming back for more. The others in my party had the Chicken Pesto and the Roast Beef Sandwich. And they loved their meals as much as I loved mine.
4	This is a pretty straight-forward breakfast/lunch place.  There is bar available so you don't have to wait in line or worry about being seated.  It's usually just the right kind of busy but not overly crowded.  Workers are efficient and seem happy.  There are just the right amount of menu items available, mostly sandwiches and salads.  Food comes out quickly is always tasty.  There is no iceberg lettuce used in any of the salads (a good thing).  Prices are very reasonable.
3	Used to work at the Anthropologie right next to here, so this place was super convenient. I really wish I liked this place more, but I always leave thinking ehh, that was alright. The restaurant itself is very cute, usually a pretty steady flow of customers. I can't recall everything I have ordered there, but I do remember the veggie sandwich. This place is not at all pricey, but $6.50 for a very simple, boring sandwich I could have just as easily made at home? No thanks. I would be down to come back, its just not exactly a fave.
4	Great place for a quick sandwich, salad or breakfast!  The chopped salad is fantastic and the sandwiches are all yummy.  Fresh baked cookies, muffins...  Stocked fridge with healthy snack options and assorted bottled drinks.  Restaurant is consistently clean and has good service.  I would give 5 stars if they had organic ingredients, hormone free and free range....
5	The best chocolate chip cookies in town!  All of the baked muffins, cookies are really fantastic here but the triple chocolate chip cookies are amazing!  Delicious healthy salads and sandwiches, Chloes Corner never disappoints!  Friendly service, clean restaurant and bathroom.  Haven't been for breakfast/brunch yet but the lunch menu is solid and this place is always very popular and busy!
5	The BLT is the best around. Tastes just like my mom made when I was a kid. Little pricey but lots of bacon. Have so much to try on the menu including what I hear is a great breakfast sandwich. Get to lunch early as it gets packed!
5	Such a great little place. Signage has "corner" large and Chloe's small, so don't miss it! We went during lunch rush so seating was a little hard to find but they flipped tables very quickly. I ordered the cold turkey sandwich, got my drink, and by the time I say down at my table they were walking over with my sandwich -- super speedy! Sandwich was delicious and I loved the cranberry walnut bread. Definitely coming back again!
5	Awesome breakfast and lunch menu. The egg sandwich and yogurt w/ granola ante awesome.
3	I used to love this place, but the owners is just a crazy b#$%3. Yea Ashley no-one likes you.
3	It's a nice place to sit outside with the dog and have a bite.  The coffee is still the best deal in town.
3	I am on the fence on this one. One the one hand, the food is good but on the other the prices seem pretty high for just a sandwich and nothing else.This is just not my first place to go for lunch when I do treat myself out. No I am not looking for a 3 course meal but $6+ and up for just a sandwich seems a bit much. There salads are pretty good and just as expensive if not more. The service is GREAT but when you are a baller on a budget, you gotta make sure you dollar goes a long way, especially for lunch.
5	Chloe's has turned into my go-to restaurant for when I am at work since I work in the Kierland Commons. Its quick and delicious! I recommend trying the chipotle raspberry turkey sandwich. The environment in the restaurant is very cute, it can get really busy so check your timing! Totally delicious for breakfast and lunch, plus they have candy. Who doesn't love candy. Definitely a restaurant to try but I'm warning you, its addicting.
