5	I am a long time patient of Dr. Gallimore and besides being a very skilled dentist, he is very friendly, as is his staff.  I had an implant done at Nevada Oral and Facial Surgery and he was responsible for putting the fake tooth (Crown) in.  Everything went great and I have never had any problems with it.  When I first started going to Dr. Gallimore, what initially drew me to him was his high quality dental work at very reasonable prices.  To this day he still has very reasonable prices and takes many insurances.  My whole family and several friends and co-workers go to him as well and I would not take my family to anyone else.  There are some very scary dentists in this town and you should especially watch out for the dentists in Las Vegas who advertise super low rates on cleanings and pulling of (wisdom) teeth.
5	Dr. Gallimore of www.702DENTIST.com is one of the best, most experienced cosmetic dentists in Las Vegas and his staff is very friendly and makes you feel at ease.  Since I have been a satisfied patient of Dr. G's for over ten years, I am going to give him a glowing review.  All of my family and many of our friends and co-workers also go to Dr. Gallimore because of his expertise, skill and very affordable care.  Being open on Saturday in Las Vegas is a BIG PLUS for me because I don't like to miss work during the week if at all possible or if their is a dental emergency over the weekend with one of the kids.  His dental prices are very reasonable, they took my insurance and they have many financing options if you need to finance something.  My biggest compliment to Dr. G is that he has gained my trust over the years and he is not out to rip you off.  He does what is best for the patient and what is the most cost effective.  He does not try to push root canals or other procedures like some dentists do.  You can tell he is a very decent and compassionate man.  Dr. G also posts dental care tips on G+ https://plus.google.com/+702-dentist/posts & facebook  https://www.facebook.com/702DENTIST
5	Dr. Gallimore will put you at ease.  His team is always friendly.  The practice is kid friendly.
5	Dr. Gallimore and his team are the absolute best. My fear of the dentist has caused me a lifetime of procrastination issues, but Dr. G puts me at ease and has for last 10 years or so that I've been a patient. I have complete faith in his expertise and skills. He's calm, patient and funny. The rest of his team is great too. Josie is caring and professional, and hygienist Mika is gentle and kind. They never berate you or "scold" you for what you should be doing better. Instead, they gently make suggestions to help you. Front desk team is fantastic too. They're great about scheduling, getting insurance authorization, etc. My two kids see Dr. G every six months and LOVE him. My husband is also now a patient, and I've referred my niece and nephew, who are now patients as well. I'm very grateful to have Dr. G and his team. They are #1.
5	Just had a tooth extracted by Dr Gallimore. He was by far the best dentist I have ever been to. Very gentle and took his time. I would recommend him to anyone who needs dental care. Thank you Dr Gallimore and team for making this stressful situation so calm and pain free.
5	Dr. Gallimore has been my dentist since last year. He is very gentle and honest. My co-worker's are now going to him as well as my whole family. I would recommend him to anyone. His staff Josie and Kathy are wonderful and so friendly. It's nice to see a cheerful face at the dentist. I also love his phone number 702 Dentist it's easy for me to remember..If your looking for a dentist he's a good one!!
