4	Amazing sandwiches.  Huge portions, great ingredients all very fresh.  Joe & Dolly's sandwich shop is a classic.  I suggest the Corned Beef, Roast Beef or Pastrami.  Inexpensive and quick.  Great for lunch.
5	Great sandwiches... The Madison St. is my quintessential go-to when nothing else will do.  This place truly classifies as a dive or hole in the wall but once you have a sandwich here you will bring your friends back again and again.  the hot sausage is incredible too.
5	First time customer today.  It is truly a dive but the sandwiches are great.  Large portions, fresh bread and cheap...
5	Friendly staff, good food, large portions, very affordable. Don't pass up on this place just because its small.
5	I somehow discovered this place when searching for sandwich places to enjoy with a friend.  How I have never noticed it when walking by it on East Ohio Street, not 10 minutes from my house, I will never understand.  Maybe because the entrance is set back from the sidewalk a bit, so it looks dark (i.e. possibly closed) when you first walk by.  Or maybe because it's overshadowed by the Isaly's next door.  Please, I beg of you, fellow Yelpers, don't ignore this place any longer!Please note, as other reviewers have, that North Shore Deli is cash only.  But believe me, you won't need much.  They do have a website that really just lists the sandwiches they offer and their hours or see my photo of the menu board showing the sandwiches available (all named after local streets).  It was difficult to decide on just one sandwich.  But after reading the few reviews here, I decided to go with the hot sausage.  When I first arrived, the meat was still cooking.  I didn't mind, I told the gentleman I would return and took a stroll over to Priory for some sweet treats for later.  When I returned, I was the only patron there but was greeted again and friendly small talk ensued.  I opted for a side of macaroni salad as well.  When I got home and unwrapped my sandwich, I was surprised by the hot sausage that looked like it was exploding at both ends.  And that it was, my friends.  Exploding with flavor, that is.  The ends were crispy and delicious and the sausage was just hot enough that the macaroni salad was the perfect cool salad compliment.  I guarantee you, this is only the first of many visits.
5	The hot sausage is the best I think I've ever had...I know that is a very bold statement, but I stand behind it ;-)  This place has been in the same location for like 30 years, so they're doing something right (and with no advertising!).  Love the sidewalk stand-great if you don't have a lot of time for lunch (& you can pay outside). My only suggestion would be for them to sell extra sauce (extra .50, maybe) with the hot sausage.  Otherwise, this spot is awesome & the people are super friendly :-)
5	The best sandwiches at amazingly great prices!  The man who owns this is super nice and so helpful!  One sandwich feeds 2 adults and will fill both of you up.  The closest thing to a New York Deli in this area.  Go in here once and you will be hooked.
5	You really need to try's this place. Great sandwiches, a hot dog/sausage cart, and friendly service!
