3	I actually think this place deserves 3.5 stars overall. The food itself deserves 4 stars, but there were a few things that got in the way of an overall 4 star experience. The menu has lots of items but no description of any of them so you have to rely on the server for descriptions. The server was able to answer our questions about the menu. Strangely there are no drinks at all on the menu and there is no separate drink menu, but they do serve basic sodas and some beers. I don't know about anything else because, again, there was no drink menu. The decor is OK- it would be much improved if they replaced the laminate topped tables with real wood and pulled the 2-seater tables away from the wall. Nobody wants to eat against a wall all scrunched up like that. Interestingly, this restaurant is not directly connected to the kitchen. I think they must share a kitchen with the restaurant next door, Stewart + Ogden. This didn't cause any problems or anything, it was just unusual. The food was good. I ordered the kung pao chicken (not as spicy as described) and the flavor was good. My husband liked the mongolian beef and my son loved the potstickers. We'll probably be back, at least for takeout.
4	This place reminds me of that quote:Dad: You know you're my favorite sonSon: Dad, I'm your only son.This place is  actually pretty good chinese but ...it's really the only chinese place I can think of downtown. (I can think of Thai, Japanese, even Vietnamese, but not a legitimate Chinese). Now I am not going to compare it to anything on Spring Mountain just know that if you go, you will be satisfied. It is actually one of the places on my short list right now if someone wants to know where to go eat downtown.Now, I can't rate the service because I got take out, but the food (strawberry sweet and sour chicken, fried rice, shrimp and egg, and black peppered pork) was all gone in 10 minutes from the time I sat down to provide food for a mini gluttonous army. It is one of the better restaurants downtown for a quick sit down.
2	I am saddened to say I was sorely disappointed. I do not imagine I will be going back here. The food was very blah. Nothing stood out, the soup dumplings were not soupy.It was all very average, at best. I love the property (the Downtown Grand) and what they seem to be trying to do with Pizza Rock and Triple George (both excellent) but this really missed the mark.Too bad
4	My boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere to eat, somewhere close and filling. Although the appearance from the casino floor is less than inviting (a screen or other barrier would help eliminate the closet look) the food was spectacular. We sat in a booth and quickly felt removed from the casino, although we could still hear the odd mix of music. We ordered the 7 spices calamari for an appetizer. No breading. Rich, melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness. Main dishes: scallop in black bean sauce with broccoli and seafood chow mein with crispy noodles. Both dishes provided perfectly cooked seafood. No rubber eraser scallops here! Service was exceptional, too. We would come back to the Grand hotel just to eat here. Seriously.
1	Oh dear.It's a disaster.I would be VERY skeptical of positive yelp reviews of this place.The food is stunningly bad.It's nowhere in the same league as Panda Express for instance.Most of the food was old, and dried out and tasted like bad leftovers.There's a cluelessness here that is almost incomprehensible.The dining space was fun and the service was friendly and attentive.So there's a star for that.But OMG this place is bad.
3	The food was good; fancier than something you'd get on Spring Mountain, but not necessarily better, especially at the prices they're charging. The flavors seemed authentic enough. I ordered the steamed tofu and fish. The plate came out hot, but oddly the fish was lukewarm, and the tofu underneath it was cold. The waiter took it back and apparently they just reheated the same dish instead of making it over. As a result, the fish was not as perfectly cooked as when it came out the first time although everything was warmer. Granted, perfectly steamed fish is not an easy thing to do, but if it's on the menu I assume they know what they're doing.  The flavor and quality of fish was good, I just wish the execution was better. We also had the pot stickers, lettuce wrap, and a vegetable fried rice. All were good though the number of lettuce leaves were too few.The service is great. Than, our waiter, was efficient and friendly. I want this place to succeed. It's basically the only real Chinese restaurant within walking distance. I should mention that if you're a local, you eat at 50% off though I don't know if that's a temporary promotion.
2	If you are looking for reheated frozen food in a terrible atmosphere then head on down to the Red Mansion. I guess most Chinese restaurants use froZen stuff, but if I'm going to eat junk I'll spend about $50 less and eat it at Panda Express. Do I really need to pay $50 more for the privilege to eat under spot lights on full blast in a restaurant where the manager and employees talk about you and laugh after you ask them toDim the lamps. No thanks!
5	I was actually amazed by how great the food was!  I've had my share of Chinese food.  Each dish we ordered, (see attached pix), were very satisfying and individually delicious! It was actually very fresh, and they didn't taste alike.  As some Chinese restaurants do.  Even my mom was impressed, and she's a picky eater! The service were top notch. Very alert, very accommodating, very friendly!  I'm definitely coming back to dine here!  For 50% off, for any restaurants inside the Downtown Grand, for the month of January?  You can't beat that!  I'd pay regular price for it!  Ignore the negative reviews. Get up, go there, try their food, and find out for yourself!  You'd love it! The caramelized green tea ice cream, was a nice surprise ending, for ax wonderful meal!
3	Inside the Grand Hotel in DTLV, you'll find Red Mansion. It's small and it's red, but it's really cute. The staff is nice and service was very quick.We got the house lo mein, Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce and kung pao chicken. It said the kung pao chicken was spicy, but I've had spicier elsewhere. It was good. The house lo mein was a bit bland for our taste, but it wasn't bad. We liked the Chinese broccoli best.All in all, the food was decent, but nothing that blew our minds. It's really convenient though if you're staying in the hotel and craving Chinese.
1	Don't go to this restaurant especially if you are a local. They overcharged us once and put it on our credit card. And then when we pointed out the mistake they charge us the correct amount,but did not take the incorrect charge off the card. I'm now working with my credit card company to take the incorrect charge off.
3	Red Mansion is located in the new Grand hotel in Downtown, Las Vegas. It sits right next to the Stewart + Ogden restaurant. The restaurant is a bit small, but cozy. It's decor has a red and black Asian theme with really simple and modern lighting. My coworkers and I went to Red Mansion for lunch on Chinese New Year. I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken lunch special for $10.00. This lunch includes a lunch-size portion of Kung Pao, a side of rice and an egg roll. The chicken was tender, but I found it a but under seasoned. They were generous with the sauce on the dish, but the ratio of veggies vs. chicken left something to be desired. The white rice was fluffy and not dry. And, the egg roll I found to be a bit bland. All in all, the food wasn't memorable. I would say though, we were seated quickly and the service was good. Overall, good service experience, but I'm not sure I'd proactively seek this place out again.  Oh, and our meal didn't come with a fortune cookie:-(
5	You definitely must try Red Mansion at the Downtown Grand.  I heard they got off to a little bit of a rough start, but they completely revamped the menu and brought in Chef Yu who is from Beijing and cooks the "real deal" when it comes to Chinese food.  The dim sum is homemade fresh everyday, which you really can tell because it doesn't look anything like the little frozen nuggets that almost every other place just thaw and fry.The spicy wonton appetizer is very tasty and unique; I have never had anything like it in any other Chinese restaurant.  It has a special spicy flavor that is perfectly balanced and leaves you wanting more.We almost never order kung pao chicken in Chinese restaurant because the chicken almost always is overcooked and the other ingredients bland.  That certainly was not the case here.  The beef with little, thin asparagus spears was delicious, with the perfect sear on the beef.  The crispy beef with carrots is so sweet.The service was friendly and attentive.  We definitely will return and take some friends with us.
4	A nice, small resturant with awesome food.
5	Wanted to do something different tonight and went to Red Mansion.  The last time we went was a couple of months ago and had a great time.  This time it was even better.  We started with the Shrimp and achieve Dumplings.  These are fresh made (not from the freezer).  They were the size of a golf ball.  Very full of flavor and fresh.  For entrees we had the Sichaun Fish with Spicy Garlic Sauce and Peppered Beef with Asparagus.  The Sichaun Fish was amazing.  Never had a fish dish like this before.  Very delicate fish perfectly cooked with a medium spice garlic oil sauce.  The Peppered Beef was a great compliment with the fish.  The beef is very tender and nice crispy asparagus.  After a couple of dinners at Red Mansion, I have to say it is the best Chinese food in town and beats anything in Chinatown.
4	We ate here during the Memorial Day weekend.  My husband and I wanted Sweet and Sour Chicken. It wasn't on the menu but they offered to make it for us. It was fantastic...dripped in sweet sauce with strawberries and steamed white rice.  It was delicious.  They offered a local discount. Not sure if it is all the time or not.  It is clean, intimate, and a great place to get a nice meal.
5	Came here the last time I was visited Downtown Vegas. We had the Shiu-mai dumpling, Crispy Beef w/ Carrots, Kung Pao Chicken and Beef with Black Pepper Sauce. Everything was cooked perfectly and better than most Chinese restaurants on the Strip. Service was excellent as well. You have got to order the Crispy Beef from here. Hands down the best crispy beef I've had from any Chinese restaurant. Do yourself a favor and check out this little gem next time you're in Vegas. I'm glad I did.
5	Best Northern Chinese Restaurant downtown, probably in Vegas.   Crispy Beef, Spicy Wontons, Peppered Beef, Salt & Pepper Shrimp are all a must order each visit.  I crave the Spicy Wontons - there addicting I swear.   War Wonton Soup is awesome -General Tso Chicken is excellent and note worthy, Roasted 1/2 duck is the bargain of the century - $100 per person on the strip and here is $19.  Friendly staff - helped us pick all there special favorites - Thank you Gabby, you were great.
5	This was an amazing restaurant:It's a quaint room, good for a date or a double date. The red decor and old photos  seemed very boutique, something this casino gets right throughout the entire property. The first thing to come out was the spicy won ton soup. I was worried since I am really bad with spicy, but this was actually a delightful tingle that really is enjoyable. It's a flavor you will suddenly crave, trust me.The next entree was the garlic fried shrimp, it's heavy but so good. If there wasn't for the fact that tons more food was on its way, I would have broke my diet with this dish alone.The dim sum then followed which is each handcrafted by an artist in the back; his one job is to make these and it's amazing. Recommended for sure!Quickly following these plates were the crispy beef, Singapore noodles, and general tso's chicken which were all the best Chinese I've had in Vegas yet. Red Mansion is a wonderful Chinese restaurant with an interesting atmosphere. The Downtown Grand has such a fun inviting vibe that is a blast to explore. I was lucky to meet the executive chef of the entire property who detailed Red Mansion and all the other restaurants to a great degree that really helped highlight his favorite dishes. I hope you too enjoy it!
