1	Oh yes, here we go.For six years I was with Verizon Wireless. I made the switch to their service in Reno, NV when I was still in college. I never had a problem with them. Their service is top-notch. I have always run into very helpful sales people.For the past two years, after extending my contract, I have had automatic bill payment set up for my cell phone. I did this so I would never, ever miss a payment. NEVER. So, since I have auto-pay it is impossible for me to miss a payment, correct? Well, not according to Verizon Wireless.Just last month I started doing some shopping around for a new phone, and yes, a new provider. I wanted to explore my options. After doing many calculations on plans and phone types I decided to switch to T-Mobile. It was in the middle of the month so I knew I would have to pay my final bill with Verizon and I had no problem with that.So, I went directly to the store to pay the bill. I thought all was good to go. THEN I get a PAPER BILL in the mail from them. Hmm, thought I, this is strange, I have not gotten a paper bill in the mail for two years. How odd. I decided I better go down to the store and see what was up. I explained my situation to the customer service dude and all seemed okay at first. Then he realized I was not trying to find out my pro-rate because I had come to Verizon from another carrier, but because I had switched to another provider from Verizon. Welp, all of the sudden I was a second class citizen because he straight up tells me, "Well just because you switched carriers doesn't mean you can't pay your bill." AHEM AHEM AHEM! WHAT??!?! I never did NOT pay my bill! This big douche stick then proceeds to tell me I must pay my final bill - in full. Something which I did not think was correct or right, but because I just wanted to leave and be done with it - I paid. I asked him, "This is it, right? No more. I won't hear from you guys again?" and he said yes.Well, well, well..... two days pass and I get ANOTHER paper statement from Verizon, this time in very rude CAPS-LOCK letters telling me I have an OVER-DUE BILL and just because I switched carriers does not mean I am not allowed to not pay my bill.Oh I could have thrown a brick through every Verizon Wireless store in the Las Vegas valley at this point. I called Verizon's Customer Service line and gently, but somewhat heatedly explained my situation and said I just really wanted to make sure I was totally square with the account, that nothing was left. The girl on the line brought up my account and said the balance due was "zero". I asked her why I had started getting paper statements when I never, ever got paper statements before. So she clickity-clacks on her computer and then has the audacity to say to me, "Well you did not make a payment in May." LIKE HELL I DIDN'T MAKE A PAYMENT IN MAY! At this point my head was exploding, and I'm not going to lie - I went off on her. Everything from, why did you send me paper statements, and I've always had auto-pay, and this seems very convenient that your company is trying to screw me when, strangely enough, I have switched to T-Mobile!!Arrrrrrrgh! I am very careful about my credit score and my payments and to know that Verizon blatantly tried to screw me just because I switched providers is SO ANNOYING! Well, beware of Verizon Wireless is all I can say. If you switch from them you better be very careful how you handle getting everything paid off because apparently they have issues with treating long-time customers nicely when they make a decision to switch to a different service.
4	Oh Verizon. I have been with you for may many years now and this last phone has been the phone I have had the most problems with. However, every time I bring it in you fix it, so that is good. I have a droid 2 now, I like it for the most part, but it just has its issues. The most recent one is that my keyboard and typing abilities stopped working, on my birthday. The one day where I get the most text massages ever and now I cannot respond very well. I took it in immediately after work and before a meeting I had, hoping the line was not long or anything. I went to this one because it is new and now the nearest one to me. The next neatest one was a little farther, so I was happy to find this location on their site before I drove an unnecessary distance.I walked in, a guy immediately came to my assistance, look at my phone, and fixed in like 15 seconds. It was awesome. Apparently with the new software update the phone added this extra keyboard app that messed with the system. So he got rid of it and tada, I can text again! I was in and out in a 1 minute with a smile, but then realizing I had to text back a ton of people to say thank you for the birthday wishes. I am happy this store exist now and I hope I have a great experience like this in the future.
4	They actually helped me with a major issue on my account. Unfortunately, six months later, I canceled my service. The people and the location were not to blame for my cancellation, but it had to do with their corporate policy of not allowing 3G unlimited MiFi owners to upgrade to an unlimited 4G MiFi. After working my way through several levels of managers, the final word was that there isn't even an unlimited plan in the system, so they couldn't help me. Those who were able to upgrade from an unlimited smartphone with 3G to a 4G plan, that's who they actually care about. After six years, I was done.
1	Do not ever go to this store! Shady people work here! The sales lady stole my sd card that came with a phone i paid extra for! Store manager was no help would not even go back to review the transactions on the video camera! Wasted hours of my time and ripped off!!!!Ok its now later and Verizon did email me and im hoping the manager gets in contact with me! If they solve the issue I am having I will update my review to let you know how it turns out!
1	Update this store nor verizon fixed the problem! I stand by what I say when you buy something from this store make sure you get what you pay for make sure its in your bag before you leave the store!  Watch the sales people to make sure they don't rip you off!
1	I've been with Verizon for ages, but the store I usually go to is back in my hometown (2000+ miles from Vegas).  However, I went in to this particular location to buy a new phone because I currently live in the area.  I'd been to the Verizon in Green Valley earlier in the day, and I would have gone back there had it not been an hour before closing time.  I will continue to go to the Green Valley Verizon because of this particular incident.I walked into the store with a friend.  I knew exactly what I wanted and told the salesperson so.  He was friendly and got the phone super fast, which was wonderful.  However, when it came time to check-out, he completely ignored me and started hitting on my friend.  Seriously, it took him an hour to check me out (even though he retrieved the phone from the back of the store within 5 minutes of me arriving) because he was too busy hitting on my friend to do anything even remotely resembling customer service, including answering my questions about the phone I was buying.  After an hour of being completely and totally ignored, he finally finished the process, and we got out just before closing.Never going here again.
5	I was looking for an extended battery for my Galaxy Nexus, found it here with a special discount.
2	This store was friendly enough, but didnt really seem to know what to do when i needed a new sim card. I went to a different verizon store in Vegas the next day, and they took care of me right away.
2	Crappy store in a crappy run-down part of a crappy run-down area. This is one of the depressing parts of town where the junkies and hookers live.Scratch that - even the hookers are probably too classy for this area.
5	My boyfriend and I are heavily tattooed so we rarely get treated our age by staff. We were helped by an older cat named,Chuck. He was beyond nice super respectful and worked with us one on one to make sure we got exactly what we needed in one visit. It was busy but he never rushed us or made us feel like our business was any less important than anyone else. Thank you!!!
2	This is my third time here in 2 weeks,I started off happy and ended with a massive headache. When your employee does an estimate, it shouldn't be over $40 more when it's time to pay. When you say you can send all the rebate crap in together and then they reject our rebate for 100$.expect people to be pissed.
1	Takes them a effin hour after closing to transfer data like its god damn rocket science. Bunch of retards!
1	Verizon has horrible customer service.  I rode my bicycle over to the store to see about a new phone.  Almost the first words out of his mouth as I entered the store was whether I had an ID.  I wasn't aware that I needed an ID to purchase a new phone.  Guess Verizon has so many customers they can afford to lose one.  Not only is their service over priced but their service reps like to chase away customers.  I'm now going to switch carriers.If you want a new phone go somewhere else.
2	First off, I wish I could have given five stars but like life, it only takes ONE person to ruin what good that could have came to others. My GF and I were having issues with our phones so we decided to come into this store. Ryan, who is apparently a poor excuse for a manager, greeted us and I explained the issue I was having with my phone. Basically, the headset jack on the phone was faulty and simultaneously would give me alerts saying I'm plugging and unplugging my headset. Ryan was SO persistent that there was a software issue and asked if I had updated the software. It was already up to date and again he persisted that maybe something was in the hole of the jack. Believe me, before wasting time on my Vegas trip, I tried everything.. resetting, blowing air into the port, etc, to insure that there's no debris . Seems like he's more concerned about store profit than helping customers, who in fact, are in need of help. With that being said, I feel he needs customer service classes that he needs to enroll in. Verizon sales associate, Sarai, was more than helpful. She is the reason why I want to give FIVE stars for excellent customer service!Extremely friendly and patient with our needs. She took her time to help us out with both our phones when we were having some issues. She also explained some of the offers that would benefit us without having that "salesman" attitude. With that being said, if everyone had Sarai's attitude and personality, many more people would probably feel more at ease browsing around the store without feeling the pressure. She definitely made our Verizon experience pleasant. I also believe that Alexis, who may be the other sales manager, was polite and helpful as well. When Verizon calls me for their survey, I'll be more than sure to let them know.
5	Another rave review for Mitch at this location! Someone give this guy a raise...he's awesome!I came in for an upgrade and because I'm so wishy-washy, it took a couple weeks for me to figure everything out that I wanted. He was totally cool and patient, and really did an outstanding job helping me understand everything. His manner is not pushy or aggressive, he's just chill and patient and overall gives excellent customer service.As for the store itself, it's clean and organized and all the staff are friendly. And Verizon's excellent network coverage is beyond compare.Very happy to be a customer in general, and specifically at this location :-)
1	Really bad experience here and with Verizon Stores in LV in general in the past.  11/11/14 I went in here looking to buy a prepaid phone since i spend half the year out of the country and transfer my service from my old android phone i had activated the day before that wouldn't work with certain apps.   Should be super simple, right?  Read on...First,  I was told (incorrectly)  by the sales agent that I couldn't do that and would have to pay for the existing phone line and the new phone line for a month.   He tried to immediately sell me on the first phone I asked about and tried to make me think it would be a good deal even paying for both plans...that's right, pay for two phone plans at the same time....and there was no way around this since i activated already with my old phone.When I asked the sales agent why I would be required to pay for two plans he became defensive and gave me a line that "I understand what you're saying but there's nothing I can do..."I was bewildered.  Surely that can't be the case????  It's that difficult to port a phone number to a new phone???  I calmly asked to talk to the manager and he's like that's right.  He gave me a load of BS that customer service on the phone is different than their store, they have different systems and on and on.  You cannot be serious?Both the phone support and the store have the Verizon name, and you don't work to do what is in the best interest of your customer?  The worst part is when I immediately called customer service from their store in complete disbelief of what I was just told, they informed me that it is in fact VERY EASY to port your number over to a new prepaid phone.  Customer service over the phone was very good/friendly.Finally the manager admitted that I could buy a prepaid phone across the street at Best Buy AFTER I got off the line with customer service.  They simply wouldn't sell me a prepaid phone there without activating it.  This is clearly because they care MORE ABOUT THEIR BOTTOM LINE AND RIPPING OFF CUSTOMERS than they do doing the right thing in the first place (which will help them keep customers and grow their business....idiots!)What an outright fraud that they tried to get me to double pay for a plan with them.  Even if it is for a month.  Clearly this is fraud or just plain incompetence.  Please avoid this store and Verizon stores in LV
2	Went here to get a replacement phone and Mitch helped me. I don't understand the hype that several reviewers posted about him - he wasn't rude or anything, but he definitely seemed like he didn't want to be there. I also had a long wait because I guess he was having issues with my account. On my original plan, I had a promotion where I received 6gb of data for $30 but when Mitch was activating my new phone (under the same contract/plan), he said he would not be able to transfer over the previous data plan. No idea why, but I will get back to this later. I just accepted that I wouldn't have the data plan, regardless of the fact that the contract was still the same (I paid retail price for the phone because I didn't want to start a new contract). After I got home and looked over my contract online, I saw that not only did I not have the 6gb data plan as Mitch mentioned, I also noticed that there was a new monthly charge for $5. As I got my phone to call Verizon, it turns out that my phone can't make phone calls! Yes, it could send and receive text messages, but no outgoing or incoming calls!? Nope! I went back to Verizon to deal with this issue, to talk about the 6gb plan, and to ask about to $5/month extra charge!As I walked in, Mitch had just clocked out (thank god - I did not want him to be my rep. again). This time, I got set up with Pat and he was awesome! He tried troubleshooting my call issues and eventually just gave me a new SIM card. He also added the 6gb plan back on and took off the $5/month charge. I don't know what Mitch was trying to pull, but thank god Pat was able to fix everything.
