5	Great venue! Friendly staff! Outstanding service! Great food! Best happy hour in town! $2 draft beer!
5	This was an amazing place! We visited on 80's night, featuring the band The Spazmatics. Incredible facilities, very good food, great service, amazing, fun night!! We will continue to not only visit The Canyon, but are hosting a party there in the near future, and will definitely recommend it to many others.
4	Went here with friends last week; the first any of us had seen it since it changed to The Canyon. It's clear they are in the process of making this place more music friendly - with the decor and entertainment. The food was pretty good and service was good for us too. We went on a Friday night to watch a Bon Jovi tribute band. As far as the music; the sound seemed to be a bit off but I would expect that as they learn how the sound system works and tweak it a bit it'll improve. The band did a great job at entertaining us for sure... dressed the part and made an effort to get the crowd involved. We had a fun night out with friends; maybe spent a little too much for drinks but ah well - it was worth it.
4	What has been formally known as Fox Sports Grill has now been renewed into The Canyon Club - "Where music meets the soul."  This venue transforms nicely into the goals of The Canyon Club.  Three 10 foot projection screens, extremely large bar area, ample seating, as well as an area for live music, enables The Canyon Club to cater to it's mission on bringing live music, sport event viewing, and great food to Scottsdale.  Their menu boasts a nice selection of appetizers, along with sandwiches, burgers, salads, and complete entrees.   Happy Hour is available Monday-Friday from 3-6 p.m. Their grilled chicken sandwich is made to your liking with toppings of your choosing, besides their standard fare.  Most of their menu items come with your choice of cole slaw, French fries or sweet potato fries.  For an additional charge, you can substitute the side for a salad or soup of the day.  The grilled chicken sandwich is tasteful and of large size on a soft Kaiser roll.    If you crave more meat, their Prime Rib Dip on onion bread is a stomach pleaser, complete with caramelized onions and plenty of juicy beef!The Canyon Club has a bright future ahead here in Scottsdale.  Two California locations have already performed successfully, and now they aim to please here in Scottsdale.  With live music and televisions enough for any sports fan, The Canyon Club will be able to cater to most anyone's interests, be it sporting or music.  I look forward to seeing what live acts come into The Canyon Club in the future, as well as sampling the rest of their menu!Continue reading on Examiner.com Live music, watch sports, find both at The Canyon Club - Scottsdale restaurant | Examiner.com http://www.examiner.com/restaurant-in-scottsdale/live-music-a-place-to-watch-sports-events-find-both-at-the-canyon-club-review#ixzz1UCcOODBs
1	Horrible horrible horrible the service here was poor, food was all right and nothing about the experience would drive me to go back. When we arrived the tone was set, there were no more than 6 tables and yet they ran out of menus and it took them over 10 minutes to find enough for our family. It Took over an hour for our food to arrive and almost 30 minutes for the waitress to take our order after getting our drinks. She did more talking with co workers at the bar then working.  When the food finally came my girlfriends steak was medium rare when she asked for well done and it took them two trips back to the kitchen and the order was still not right and it was still pink. The waitress also seem very erratic and very confusing at times almost as if she were drugged or drunk, the grill was dead and only a few more families were there it seemed very empty for a bar and grill on UFC fight night. The canyon grill was very distasteful and I will never go back. I would never recommend this place again!
