5	I've been coming here for a few years now and their carne asada tacos and bomb. And I thought they were called Salsitas..
1	Went Sun: 3/17/13.  Food & drinks were terrible. (I've eaten at the Salsita on 67th & Thomas & that place has the best Tacos & drinks-5 stars) But this place on 43rd was awful. I ordered 3 tacos de cabeza. Tortillas were hard & cold & the meat looked more like lengua & it was just bad all the way around & my Jamaica drink tasted AWFUL with a bad after taste-chalky-Ewww! I didn't return my food but I just know NOT to EVER go back to this place again-Ever!  Find another Salsita...not this one..
4	It's 3am on a Wednesday morning, and you can't walk straight. With a stomach that's only known a liquid diet for the last six hours, you tell your DD this will be much better than Jack in the Box. The night's been full of questionable decisions...one more couldn't hurt, right?La Salsita has a nice array of different meats and veggies all ready to be loaded into a tortilla. If you want something quick like a burrito, it's like Chipotle for people who aren't afraid of Mexicans.
2	I went to the one off of 43rd and McDowell 9/28/2013 around 1:50 am.  The place was a little grungy, but I didn't care too much b/c I was taking it to go.  Anyhow, I got rolled tacos with guacamole and a cheese quesadilla.  The quesadilla was as expected.  The rolled tacos were not very good at all.  They were mostly taco material with very, very little meat.  I've never seen a rolled taco with so little meat in my life.  Also, the guacamole they use is cut with sour creme or something, probably to save cost b/c avocados can be expensive, it made the guacamole taste gross.  There are so many other quick Mexican joints out there besides this one.  I would skip this place and chose somewhere else,... Hell, even Taco Bell would have been better.
4	The food is great. Salsitas has great good at a great value. I just ordered 3 tacos, but I would of been fine with just two since they are a good size and are well served. I haven't tried the burritos yet because they are way too big. They make their own tortillas right in front of you. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the location is in poor condition, clean but in need of an upgrade. They have great Aguas frescas.
4	For a place open late and those who don't mind Mexican food at any hour I can't think of another place to go eat at 3AM. They have a good selection and prices are decent. I had their tacos de al pastor which is my go to meal when I'm trying out a new taqueria and they were good. Definitely worth checking out especially after drinking all night... really hits the spot.
1	I guess I wasn't drunk enough food was horrible and service was fkn embarrassing it took so long just place the order and of course when we got it it was all wrong !!! Fuck this place
