3	Food was nothing really special. It was a nice place to eat but there is a predominant blue hair crowd. I had a nice meal but I wouldn't say that it was really memorable.If you need a cheap bite to eat and don't want fast food then this would be the place.
3	We stopped here on our way to Cracker Barrel...more interesting but not memorable. Okra was a hit with the kids--bigger portions than CB's.  Tried the fried squash. Not worth it, being bland and boring and needing lots of salt and/or ketchup to keep the taste buds activated. Fried chicken livers were large and crisp and (again) tasteless. Needed lots of salt. Chicken parmigian was average--not savory and saucy. The chicken beneath the sauce was...wait for it...lacking in zest. Needed salt. Mashed potatoes and gravy were good. Could have stood a lot more of them. The food took a long time to come. Very busy place, tilted towards older clientele. HOWEVER, the bread was worth the visit, all by itself. Amazing little rolls with perfect crust/yeast/softness mixture, resting above the butters so they were melty when applied to the bread.
5	Snuggled between several mediocre chain restaurants, this 15 yr. old establishment is proof that Charlotte still has a gastronomical soul.  It's Greek-owned and the dishes reflect that, but they have definitely mastered the art (soul?) of Southern food.The food is your standard American fare.  Pasta, steaks, chicken, fish, but certainly not generic in flavor! They advertise fried squash on the billboard-crispy golden chips of grease-saturated goodness.  I normally get the stuffed chicken (feta cheese and spinach) for dinner for $8.  That includes 2 sides, bread, and soup!  I'm not kidding!   Homemade dessert includes a killer chocolate cake with 2 types of mousse.  Plus, they have a full bar for all you imbibers of hard drink.Don't get me wrong though-this is definitely a family restaurant.  You will be seated immediately and the service is top-notch.  Don't waste your time at nearby restaurants that skimp on portions and service-Crown Point is your place!
4	I have had a change of heart with this place. I think I first went in there on bad days ( mine or theirs). My wife went in for lunch today and their lentil soup was delish, along with their beef roast, which was fall-apart tender. I will be back!
1	I went here for lunch today, for the last time. I ordered the fried country steak. I received a piece of yesterday's roast beef, that was breaded fried and soaked in canned gravy.  If you want a so so lunch, don't go here, if you want a good lunch, really don't go here. I have tried this place 5 or 6 times over the past 4 years thinking it will get better, it doesn't.
3	Lunch today at Crown Point.  First of all, the service was excellent and the food was good, but nothing outstanding.  My hambuger steak, mashed potatoes and gravy were good, but I have had better.  My salad was a typical salad made with iceberg lettuce.  My wife had the crab cake sandwich which was good, but she also had better ones in the past..
4	I was excited to see the varied menu at Crown Point Family Restaurant.  On my first visit, I found the pork chops too thick as I am accustomed to the thinner version.  However, the veggies were a big hit and were served hot and fresh.  On my second visit, the grilled chicken livers were tasty, as were the candied yams and stewed apples, also served piping hot.  This restaurant is an excellent alternative when you want good, American, hot food.  The fried cheesecake served with vanilla ice cream was a welcomed surprise as well.  There are so many items on the menu, I look forward to trying a good number of them.  The restaurant is large and well kept.  From the outside, I thought it was an old fougy kind of place.  Once I got inside and perused the menu, I really didn't care.  It is indeed an excellent family restaurant and service is great to boot.
5	I don't recall why I have this restaurant only 4 stars. I have no complaints except the veggies are better on Wednesdays than Thursdays!).  Always a good place to stop for the family to get something to eat.  You can get what your tummy wants and everyone leaves happy!
4	Basically the same as Gus's Sir Beef on Monroe Rd. The family that owns this restaurant is related to the Gus's family. A little more expensive and it seemed as though the portion size was a little smaller, but that's ok! I'll go back! The special numbers are the exact same! #13, 11 & 6 for me!
5	Our Family has eaten at Crown Point for years. The owners used to manage Gus' Sir Beef when it was good. The wide variety of food is excellent. We especially like the Grecian Chicken with Potatoes and two vegetables on Thursday. The prices are very reasonable considering the quality of the food. The greens are delicious and they have the best tea in town. The service is very good; we always ask for Eleni. The vegetables are locally grown and the meats and fish are always fresh. In our opinion, it is the best value in town!
5	I've lived on the east side of town for many years now and I always pass this place and always have said oh I need to stop in there to see what the food taste like.  And of course I never got around to doing that, not sure why.  But today I ran out of ideas of what to eat next, it was one of those days where cooking a home cooked meal wasn't going to happen.  So I thought about Crown Point Restaurant, I couldn't find a good menu on-line to save my life, finally I stumbled upon a menu that someone took pictures of I enlarged it and was able to see some items barley on the menu so we just picked from the items I could see.  I could have took the easier route and called and asked questions, but I know that some people get irritated fast when asked too many questions so we took a chance on what I could see on the photos of the menu.  Any who, I called it in because today was also one of those days where I didn't feel like going any where to sit and eat.  So once I got inside I thought wow this is a beautiful place I can't believe I've never been in here.  The windows right when you get inside are very beautiful I was impressed by that a lot.  I was greeted very fast, but I ordered my food to go, it was waiting on me.  I paid for it and left, I got home and passed out every ones food. And this is the first time in a long time every one actually ate every piece of food that was in the box.  I had the hamburger steak and I normally like mine with steak sauce and that's it, never had it with gravy but this was really super good.  I didn't care to much for the choices of sides, so I got rice and gravy and french fries.  I know bad combo, but it was what I thought I would eat. I really enjoyed the steak and rice the bread should have been a little browner but it was just as good as everything else.  My daughter ate the fries because she's on a french fry high and I noticed that they were mix matched fries.  I can't say that I've ever seen that before, they wasn't that good I guess because they got a little soggy on the trip home.  But every one else really enjoyed their food this place reminds me of Jimmies, Land Mark and Sunrise.  Each of them are different but also the same if that makes sense?  Any way I enjoyed it, I made sure I got a menu to go so I would no longer have to look at one someone took pictures of.  Thanks
3	We visited Crown Point for the first time last night. We were looking for a local establishment with home cooked meals. I pass by here every day so I looked up the menu online and was pleased with the choices and prices and we gave it a try. The staff was friendly but the atmosphere was lacking....I give it a 2. Dark, dismal, and there were still Christmas decorations up. The darkness was more reminiscent of a lounge than a family restaurant. We ordered one of the daily specials and were pleased. The food was freshly prepared, hot, and plentiful. I give it a 4.  That being said, I would probably only visit here again in a pinch. A renovation to the interior is in order to get me to become a regular customer.
3	I really like Crown Point! It's family oriented, and the customer service is good.The last time my fiance and I came here, I ordered the chicken strips and fries. The chicken was nice and crispy, but it had no salt and pepper. It was really disappointing, but the crunch made up for it I suppose.One thing I love about restaurants is the bread they give you. Crown Point however only gives you as many pieces on what your party is. That's really lacking and it looks cheap.But otherwise, the customer service has always been good! I will keep coming back for a long time. :)
3	Good southern food with a Greek influence.  Wish this was closer to home. Have the best chicken n dumplings only once a week!
3	I guess sometimes it's not wise to return as a repeat offender. That being said I don't think I will eat at crown point family restaurant for a long time if ever again for that matter.  My family ordered food, so I decided to as well, first rule of thumb when making a salad you don't pre-dress a salad if it's  going to be picked up and taken out of the restaurant.  However I personally think that no one should put dressing on your salad unless you tell them to.  It makes the lettuce, croutons and other things soggy.  Secondly it's ok not to be lazy and actually cut up the chicken.  When a Caesar salad is ordered you expect well let's say I expect to get romaine lettuce, warm grilled chicken cut into pieces not chicken strips.  With nice  hard croutons not soaked with the dressing where they then become super soft and nasty.   Parmesan cheese, and Caesar dressing, I paid 8 dollars for one of the nastiest  versions of a Caesar salad.  Never ever ever again. Ewwwwwww
5	Simple but awesome.   We enjoy a quick in and out dinner with a nice selection.   We've eaten here probably 10 times and NEVER had a bad experience.   The food is always good, hot, and fresh.  The servers are friendly, and the owner makes a point of genuinely getting to know you.  The beef tips are one of my favorites.   Great slaw and of course they are famous for their fried squash.
4	Great family restaurant with great home cooking. We have always been met with prompt  and courteous service.
3	Just a classic CLT Greek joint. If you ever ate at Liberty East, Gus' Sir Beef, Athens, or The Amber House, you know what that means.Wait. You. Don't. Know? OK.It is lotsa wood and comfortable inside, but tad cheesy in an earnest, homey way. All the entrees are in the $10 range and include two sides (up from $2 back in the 50s, basically the same recipes). There will be sirloin tips, chicken livers, a seafood platter, fish fillet, whole fish (broiled is a little extra for all seafood), pastas with a Greek twist, and some sort of Greek chicken.I went with the chicken livers, pinto beans, and collard greens. Just completely evil. The sort of guilty, messy stuff you don't want to cook at home but, man, if done right -- can't be beat. The livers had a Greek seasoning bite of earthy herbs and garlic and were clearly fired at a high, smoky temp. Better you than me, my line cook friend.Happened to hit on a flounder fillet special night, and that went over well with several in the party.Service was a little overwhelmed by a party of seven and in general the joint seemed understaffed with a slightly laid back, family-staffed "I can't get fired" vibe. Had to go annex a water pitcher to keep the table full. No matter.Fed seven for $85 and heard no complaints. That is a good outing. Stick to the specials and help out the service and you'll do fine.
5	Upon seeing the storefront sign which read...FRIED SQUASH...I had to try this since I've never heard that before.I stopped in the guy who assisted me was friendly and very accommodating.I wanted the fried squash but, was pondering on if a club sandwich would go with it. He gladly said instead of the fries I'll be glad to swope the fries for the fried squash. I was like great, that'll work!I was so anchous to try the fried squash that I tried them right after he brought me my to go order. I was very pleased and surprised that they tasted like zucchini. So, if you like fried zucchini or fried asparagus then you will diff- like the fried squash as well.Service good, clean restaurant and nice quality and quantity food for really reasonable.
3	My friend and I dined there on Saturday night.  We were immediately seated after we walked into the restaurant.  The booths are very spacious and far apart from other diners.  I feel that the privacy there deserves 5 stars.  The restaurant is very clean and the service is absolutely wonderful!  The staff is very nice and will see to your needs/wants.She ordered a seafood platter that she really enjoyed.  Her seafood was lightly breaded, but still had a nice crunch to it.  I ordered beef tips on top of rice and gravy.  Unfortunately, I didn't enjoy the beef tips too much.  The meat tasted like it had gone sour.  The rice and gravy was okay.  The fried okra is delicious and the fried squash isn't too tasty. I am a person who does not enjoy extra salt in my food and this place really met that taste.  Their food didn't have a lot of salt in it!  You can always add on more salt to your food, so that made me really happy.We also ordered a piece of chocolate cake that didn't make a smile.  The cake was dry.  The waiter offered to bring us another dessert, but we declined her offer.  My friend and I decided to play Jenga with the cake instead.  Overall, the restaurant isn't bad for the price and service.  Remember to tip your waiter/waitress well because they run their butts off and your bill won't be expensive!
2	Not sure why there are so many positive reviews. The food was just ok. The collard greens were tasteless. Tasted like all they did was boil them in water -- no seasoning at all. The squash was better than what you would get elsewhere but still not all that great. Friendly waitress, pleasant atmosphere. Maybe some other menu items are better but I probably won't go back.
3	Lasagna was oily and overcooked. Table Service was good. Ranch was great. Hostess forced me to let a regular pay before me since I had a groupon and my checkout required more time than the regular customer.  That was rude and inconsiderate of my time. I told her this after the regular left. She apologized.  Overall,  it was ok. I have another groupon so they get a 2nd chance.
2	Tried this place out looking for something different.... we got it. There seems to be a shortage of salt and seasoning here. Everything was bland and forgetful. They need bigger glasses also. It's like a kids cup of drink. Over all it was a hot meal, the server was nice and sweet, and the ranch was really good but the food was not everything we had hoped for. We probably won't be returning.
3	I went to Crown Point Family Restaurant with my family for lunch. We were greeted and immediately seated. The restaurant was laid back during early lunch hours. A server brings complimentary cornbread to your table. The cornbread was bland in my opinion. I prefer more sweet and moist cornbread. There are food specials each day of the week. I ordered a country fried chicken meal with fried okra and French fries. I thought the country fried chicken meal was excellent. The white gravy was flavorful which complimented Crowns chicken very well. Both sides were tasty (okra & French fries). Our server was attentive and very polite (great service). The food was reasonably priced. There's plenty of parking around the restaurant. I give Crown Point Family Restaurant a 3.5 rating.
