5	Happy New Year to me and to downtown Phoenix coffee lovers! Royal has returned to downtown! Their new location is in the old carriage house at Heritage Square. I've been twice this week and am happy to report that we can expect the same concept and quality that we've all come to expect and love from the Biltmore location: GREAT locally roasted coffee, smooth and balanced espresso served up in small, minimalist-cool space.I am so glad that they are downtown because I REALLY REALLY love their coffee. I have my usual spots but this is a game changer. It's a little bit farther of a walk than my usual coffee run but it's totally worth it. I will probably wear down the soles of my shoes before long!
4	Went here for the first time this afternoon and was very pleased with my experience. A majority of my time was spent talking and laughing with the unbelievably friendly staff members. I was very impressed and had a good cappuccino (not the best I've had) but the wonderful staff made the experience really worth it.
4	I was very excited to hear that Royal was opening a location in downtown again! (Maybe it was my pleading at the other locations... I'd like to think so). Like the other Royal locations, this location is small and cozy feeling. The decoration is minimal, yet urban in feel with brick walls and hanging lights with exposed light bulbs. They also have their coffee roasting machine at this location, which (obviously) adds to the coffee shop feel. I had a cappuccino (which was delicious and expertly made) and the husband had an equally good latte. We also spent some time talking with the two nice guys who work at this location about record players, which was fun. The guys were personable, engaging, and made great coffee... what else could you want?
4	Cozy space in Heritage Square with a really friendly barista!  I really enjoyed my experience and would love to come back and watch the roasting process in action.  I enjoyed an herbal iced tea and am anxious to come back and try some other hot drinks.
5	Run out of whatever coffee shop you are currently in and come to Royal to have a real, delicious, amazing coffee.  This is the really deal and you won't be able to go back to Starbucks after a Royal experience.  Love this location as well as Union and Red Door.
5	I came here for the first time today and this is by far the best cup of coffee I've ever had. Dunkin and Starbucks will never taste the same to me! Overall it was a great experience. So fresh, great baristas working and a super cute shop.
