3	I loved this place when it first opened, however, they have gotten my order wrong several times since and the portion sizes change all the time. Their inconsistency is a disappointment.. You never know what you're going to get!
2	I was very excited to come and try out this new healthy restaurant. I was very unsatisfied with the portion size and price. The flavors of the salad were very good but for $11 I would have hoped for a bigger meal. I have not tried the juices yet, but they too run pretty price at $7 each.
5	Finally a "fast-food" place that doesn't serve meals full of trans fatt, sodium and sugar!!!!  I call those the 3 devils.  I had the French Quarter and loved it!  It was full of flavor and the right portion size.  As a former nurse, and current personal trainer I a, so glad to see this restaurant some to Scottsdale!  The service was very friendly, and place was very clean.  I will go back!!!
5	Just stopped in and grabbed a smoothie with kale, celery, acai, pear, hemp seed, and agave- excellent choice.It was a little expensive at $7, but ill pay that price for fresh, quality fruit and veggies. The young lady behind the counter was helpful and informative, explaining the products they currently had as well as ones they were coming out with. Ill be back to try some more items soon, they have breakfast and lunch items also.
4	If you're accustomed to shoveling massive quantities of food into your pie-hole and want a $5 super-size lunch this probably isn't your kind of place...If you appreciate quality and also value your health, this place is an excellent choice. The food was really tasty and made from whole organic ingredients (I had the Tokyo Bay).  The menu was a bit confusing at first since they don't describe what type of food you're getting (sandwich, salad, etc) but once you figure that out you're set... The fact that they'll email you the receipt is a nice touch and keeps your wallet from getting too bloated.
5	While visiting Scottsdale on business, I was circling parking lots to find something I could eat before a business meeting that meets my dietary restrictions due to food allergies, primarily wheat/gluten and vinegar.  This can often be a challenge when looking for a quick bite.Fortunately I ran across GrabbaGreen.  I was starving so I went for both a bowl and a juice.  I generally grab quick lunches at Whole Foods or Central Market salad bars, which can add up real quick when paying by the ounce, so I thought this meal was good value.I went the creative route building both my bowl and drink from the extensive list of ingredients.  The biggest surprise was to see Moroccan Harissa  as a sauce option.  I love spicy things and Harissa is one of my favorite vinegar free condiments.  While my choices were brave (noodles, spinach, peppers, pistachios, feta) the bowl turned out awesome and was very filling.The juice menu was extensive, and my chaotic choices for a customize juice blend turned out equally impressive.  The service was also fantastic.The result, I had a great meal, and felt great afterwards with no food allergy induced food hangover.  I wish this was an option in all the cities I travel to for business.
5	So i ran into this while on lunch and was excited to see a fresh juice spot. Been juicing for a lil under a week so i had an idea on what to expect. I was not disappointed! I did the create your own and ordered, cucumber & kale with bananas & coconut, along with the whey protein & something else but cant remember. Just know that it was delicious!! For $7 i was not disappointed in the amount i got. Its a tall cup, i think about 8-10 ozs. I will be coming back. Also the food options sounded great as well.
5	We broke a tradition today and it sure was worth it! Every year since my daughters first year of school it has been a family tradition to go for ice cream on the first and last day of school....when I picked up my sixteen year old today she said she did not ice cream but instead wanted to try a new place she read about. So off to GrabbaGreen we went. In a land of high fat, high sugar, deep fried, frozen, processed crap on every corner, this place was literally like finding an oasis in the desert.  I had the French Quarter which I found delicious. The shrimp were delicious and not overcooked, the veggies were fabulously fresh and the creamy avocado dressing and abundant chunks of fresh avocado were just perfect. My daughter got the SoCal and loved it and her friend got the the Southwest and couldn't wait to come back with her family. One sure sign that the place is a hit was the line...the place was swamped. Yes, there was quite a wait for our food....consider the fact that this is a new business and I'm sure it will take some time to hit their stride. They are not throwing a chunk of some frozen nastiness into a boiling vat of oil and waiting for a buzzer to go off...they are making awesome fresh food and you have to think there is a little more prep involved. The manager was awesome and when we pointed out that our order was wrong, she comped the whole thing. That made for a win win situation for the customer and gave the business a chance to see what areas they need to work on as opposed to not saying anything then ripping the business apart on yelp with a nasty review! I always find it interesting when you see rave reviews on a restaurant and then read a random review that is just plain mean....obviously it stands out from all the others and you can't help but question the motive. As far as price, I will gladly pay a few extra dollars just for the option of eating fresh real food as opposed to the Frankenfood found on every corner. I can't wait to go back!!
5	Seriously, this place cannot get any better.  Firstly, the people are AWESOME!!! They took the time to go through the menu with me and to boot, remembered my name from my first visit!  That's some serious customer service and talent.  On to the shakes, TO DIE FOR!!! So good and so refreshing and tastes beyond amazing.  I absolutely love this place and have been back a good 7 or 8 times since. Beware, you will become addicted.
4	Wow! So far so good! I came in today for lunch. Had Quinoa Pasta with tofu, tomatoes, cucumbers, broccoli, feta and sesame. It was great! I'm full and satisfied but $10 was a bit much to pay. I think $8-$9 would have been a better price point. My biggest suggestion is changing the hours from 8-8 to 7-7, it would allow those who work at 8 to grab a juice first.
5	Love!! So I just discovered GrabbaGreen. I work in the area and everyday I sit in my office for about 10 minutes trying to figure out where to eat for lunch, since I eat pretty clean. And I inevitably end up at one of the same two places eating the same thing. Well now I have some options!! GrabbaGreen has a pretty cool selection of healthy food, juices and smoothies. I opted for the SoCal and it was full of flavor. I'm a meat girl by nature and this is a vegetarian dish but it didn't disappoint. I also got to sample one of their smoothies (primi protein i think)...super refreshing.  Planning on trying one of their salads next.  Oh and the customer service was top notch. I was greeted by the owner right away and the entire staff was helpful and friendly.
1	A place has to be pretty bad for me to take the time to do this. This place is the biggest waste of money. I asked for the greenest pure juice they have. I was told to pick 4 vegetables- I chose kale, spinach, carrots, and celery. After waiting a ridiculously long time- I was served a half cup of carrot juice. The portion size is too small to fit the proper amount of greens and get a satisfying size of juice. You can get much more juice (and greens), better service, for less money at Wholefoods or another juice bar.  I expressed my amazement and dissatisfaction when they handed me my juice and was basically told, this is just how it is. I paid $20 for 3 drinks that were basically two big sips of carrot juice. This place is a rip-off. Don't waste your time or money. I went to Wholefoods after for a real green juice.
4	I can only comment on their smoothies, which have all been very good (and healthy).This place is not for you if you're not looking for healthy/real food. If they dropped their prices 10-15% on the smoothies I would feel better about going there more often (and giving them 5 stars).
5	I'm so happy there's an awesome smoothie shop so close to home! They have so many good for you smoothies, I haven't tried the food, but they are one of the few places (like whole foods) that uses amazing ingredients. I spent 7 bucks on a smoothie but it was well worth it, and not filled with sugar filled sorbet like jamba.
5	I stopped in the other day and had the most delicious quinoa noodle, veggie, and chicken dish. I was so happy with it, I am going back again tomorrow to try something else. I would highly recommend. The staff is friendly, the decor is nice and the menu is extensive. I love how they put the food in chinese take-out boxes. Please open one in North Central Phoenix!
5	Great food, great smoothies. HUGE list of options for both. Not a lot of places offer maca or hemp in a $7 smoothie. Love it.
5	Welcome to my new addiction. UGH! I went in today based on a friends recommendation. At first glance, the menu is a tad overwhelming. I looked it over and then once at the register, I asked for a few of their most popular items. One of the items recommended was The South Beach. Looked good to me. (I held the feta and added chicken). I was surprised to see it come in a "to go" box but....whatever.  I grabbed a fork and dug in. OMG! DELISH! I immediately grabbed a menu so I could decide what I was going to get tomorrow! Seriously, I can't wait to go back.  The food is a little pricey but when you consider most items are organic...you're going to pay more which I'm OK with.  If iceburg lettuce and Ranch is your thang, don't go. If you are into whole, hearty, healthy, green food....this is your place. .TRY IT! (BTW...love the ipad POS!)
3	This was my second visit. I really want this place to do well so I hope they make the necessary adjustments for improvement. It seems obvious to me that mornings would be a busy time. There were 2 employees but only one was making food- the other went to the back when it got busy. I understand juices & smoothies take some time - they need a better system to manage more than one order at a time. I was sad to see that a place so new had FILTHY cabinets (they had been open for less than an hour so I doubt it was from that day). The food is delicious and I really want them to succeed. Please schedule staff appropriately and maintain a level of pride in your appearance. I want to remain a loyal customer!
4	I'm going to have to say that maybe my tastes are heavy but it was definitely a nifty fast food but more awesome type of dining experience.  They do super healthy shakes and food and have some great and unique selections that has opened my eyes to a different array of tastiness.  I got some quinoa noodles with some other fillings and was really surprised about the healthiness taste.  Perhaps I craze the butter and salt but this was wonderful food for the healthy and fit conscious such as myself.  I know I should eat good and this place could and will inspire someone to take the simplicity home and do it!!!  The price points are a bit steep but a new restaurant/swing in always has some growing pains and with time I think this place will definitely ramp up.  I'll be back fooooooooo sho and try the smoothies next time!!!
2	The first time the food was very tasty. This time it was disgusting, if I had time I would have came back in but I was stuck at work. I ordered the exact same thing I ordered on my first visit. The quinoa pasta was in chunks (like when you leave elbow pasta on the stove too long and it turns into one gigantic slimy chunk) The broccoli was in such a large clump I had to get a knife to cut it. There was no feta and there was so much sauce on it that the bottom of the container looks like soup. The flavor was off, it tasted more like sesame oil than sesame sauce. Very disappointed, I wanted to love this place =(
3	Love the idea! We need more places where we can get some healthy eats and drinks!Smoothies and Juices ($7) are great and they have tons of options (squash, beats, ginger, avocado, peppers, gogi, peanut butter, almond milk, coconut water, coco, etc.). You can also make your own. They sweeten most of their drinks with organic raw blue agave. Eats ($10) were a little disappointing. This is where the three star rating comes in place. My husband got the Indochin which is a more of a noodle bowl. The flavor was very similar to curry, but doesn't say that on the description, so if you don't like curry don't get this. I got the Gulf of Mexico which was a salad. The shrimp is raw not grilled and the avocado cream is more like mashed avocado. Coming in, I expect it to be healthy; however, being healthy doesn't mean lacking in flavor. I wanted to grab some salt and pour it all over my healthy salad! Not good. I love the concept....so I will be giving it another shot.Customer Service: Employees were quick and helpful!
3	Got the Gulf of Mexico salad which was tasty.  However the shrimp in the salad were not deveined.  When I brought it to the staff attention they explained they get the shrimp prepared from an outside source. Well obviously no quality control  but the salad it self was good but for $10 I expect the shrimp to be deveined.
5	This is my new favorite restaurant in North Scottsdale! It's a super convenient place to grab a quick bite for lunch or to grab something to go! So far, I've tried the Looking Lucious smoothie, the Southwest, shots of wheatgrass, and several create-your-own juices... And I have zero complaints! So delicious, so fresh, and so healthy! I will definitely be frequenting this place all the time!
4	I enjoyed the Mediterranean salad with Tofu.  They do charge extra for protein added and $2 extra for the amount that was added....was too much.  With that said, I'd go back again, order the same salad with no extra protein and dressing on the side.  Prefer to be able to add the dressing to my taste - believe less is more!  Anyways,  on a side note, there was some nice eye candy there that day.  The men that were there having lunch --- WOW!  I'm not a cougar...but if I was one, I'd go there for lunch on a Saturday again.  Teehee!
1	My review is only on their Acai Bowls, which is NOT real acai bowls. It is basically a acai smoothie with the various toppings. I watched them pour in acai juice into the blender with banana and ice...when in other places they blend pure frozen acai puree resulting in rich purple color and taste of acai. What I got was just a diluted acai juice smoothie. They also serve it up in a cup rather than a bowl. Needless to say, it was a disappointment and a waste of money for $7.
4	Finally a place to order healthy and FAST food! I got the Tokyo Bay and Pina Protein to share with my kids. My kids got the kids bowls with chicken, rice, and a veggie. All of it was great. My husband got a juice to drink that had kale in it and it was really good as well. We really were happy to find somewhere quick and healthy to bring our kids. They had a really cute short table just for the kids with chairs just their size. We will definitely go again! The only constructive criticism I have is that I hadn't been here before and was overwhelmed with the menu. The guy taking my order seemed annoyed instead of helpful when I asked what was good. The menu was huge so a suggestion or two would have been helpful.
4	People in my office go here all the time and so far I have only had a smoothie and it was really good. Everyone loves it so finally I went to the location. Its a little hole in the wall and VERY busy. It smells great and generally they are pretty quick. I had the indochin with out the cilantro. It was pretty good but lacked a bit of flavor in the noodles. I will probably add the soy sauce alternative they offer next time if I get this again.The chicken was good though. Its nice to get a bowl that tastes good and fills you up. Everything is gluten free so that's a nice healthy alternative to whats out in the world.I will definitely go back to try more.
5	Glad to have found a healthy juice/food place I can get lunch at! And yes, I totally "cheated" and got the kids Mac 'n cheese... Makes me feel better on days like this.
4	Great place... Truly tasty and healthy food. Great for a quick lunch or dinner!!  I highly recommend the So Cal with chicken... Atmosphere is nice and the owners are very involved and care about their customers.
2	I wasn't overly impressed...slow service...very bland without a lot of seasoning...overpriced... I was looking for a great healthy option to add to my dining rotation...looks like I'm still looking
4	I've been hoping for a place like GrabbaGreen to come to the neighborhood. They offer a variety of smoothies, fresh juices, acai bowls, and rice (or other grain) bowls. It is a little pricey, but good, fresh ingredients can be. (I spent $18 on a rice bowl with tofu and a fresh juice, but I was able to stretch the bowl into two meals). You have to like healthy if you're going to like GrabbaGreen. And I do, so I thought it was pretty good. My bowl (I got a BBQ one) was a little bland, but nothing that a dash of Siracha didn't solve. Their fresh juice was a little small, but very tasty. I also have picked up a smoothie there and it was big enough to end up being my dinner. I'm excited to try their Acai bowls next!
4	Not bad!!! I ordered the Patagonia with quinoa and chicken.... Very good , but WAY too much corn in it.... Yucky.....next time I will be sure to ask for very little corn or none at all. The fact that its all gluten free is extremely appealing to me being that I cannot eat gluten. Seems quite pricey to me, but that's kind of typical for gluten free stuff.I will be visiting again!!! I had no idea it was so close to my home!! Another huge hooray!! They should add some misters outside to make the outdoor seating a bit more comfortable because the inside seating is extremely minimal and always full.
2	I wanted to like this place, I really did. I was so excited to try it out...they make meals like I do at home. My mantra is Grain-Protein-Fat-Green. It is what I do.So first we encounter the bored girl at the cash register who really wanted to be anywhere but there. She swayed when she waited, her cat eyeliner made her boredom look arrogant & she couldn't wait to get our order taken so she could move on.The area is cramped. It's still summer so eating inside is appreciated. We had women sitting at tables waiting for to-go orders & single men taking 4 tops. The rudeness in the patrons was personified doubly in the employees.I truly believe it must suck to work there & that's why it's so hard for everyone to smile. NO ONE SMILED. Everyone looked like they were being judged constantly by the middle-aged, blonde-ponytailed woman behind the counter. They looked like they hated their jobs. And frankly, it made it feel weird & I wanted to leave. Like I had been invited to a dinner party where the hosts had JUST had a huge blowout fight before I arrived. Awkward tension.So cat-eye girl wanted my husbands last initial because there were two "John's". So he gives her D. When they finally call our order they call "John" & two Johns stand up because the necessary D had been lost in communication. The food is bland. They offer some really great sounding sauces but as a green-eater myself I know a cup of spinach is drying to the mouth so maybe I would've done better to choose another green, or maybe when they use spinach they should make some allowances for the taste in their measurements.My husband DID like his however, he did not have spinach.It's overpriced. I can make the same thing at home for $2 per family member.  I would feel more comfortable paying $7-8 than $10. It feels like I have to be exploited because I like to eat organically. NO I DON'T!!Now is it an awesome idea? YES! Do they offer a semi-quick healthy lunch alternative? YES! Would I go back? NO!!!
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!!!  thankfully there is finally a place to order the healthiest stuff around, and the staff is very knowledable about nutrition!  you can get pea protein, egg protein, and soy protein so your not just stuck with whey protein like every other lame smoothie place. whey doesn't agree with me and frankly......if your going to make smoothies, you should offer options......THEY DO!!!! LOTS. you can basically have them make any kind of fresh organic veggie juice, NOT from concentrate.... and they offer wheat grass juice shots........YAY......not easy to find in convenient locations.  they also make their own home made raw almond milk........YAY also not easy to find, and its not really that cheap to make it at home. now I can have raw almond milk in my smithies and expresso in the morn!  YAY for Grabba Green.........keep up the good work.........and you are definitely worth the price for wholesome food on the go!!!!!!!!!!
3	I really love the concept and will continue to go here since there really is nothing comparable. However, I do think the restaurant could use some constructive feedback. I would not say the staff is outwardly friendly. Asking for recommendations from the intimidating menu don't really occur. The staff doesn't seem to know their product too well. I know that everything is made fresh, but it takes quite a while to get smoothies made. It seems like their productivity could increase if they used their assembly line a bit better. Ordering takeout? Forget about it. My order has yet to be right, dressing on the salads are paltry at best. Asking for custom made orders and usually there is an error. Overall, the food is good. Can't beat the healthy factor. But for a quick and consistent meal, they are going to need to make some changes.
5	LOVED this place. My first time today. They have delicious juice, great lunch selection and the best part is its actually good for you. I tried the IMMUNE juice and the Mediterranean lunch box... both filled with flavor and made correctly. If your regular routine is a cheeseburger with fries, this might be a bit of culture shock for you... but your body will thank you! Thanks for bringing something original and FRESH to North Scottsdale!
5	Ate here for the first time today and it was very tasty! The only complaint I have is that their avocado tasted a little off, but otherwise my salad was fantastic! The customer service was wonderful! And the atmosphere that they project is very energetic! I will definitely be coming back!
5	WOWZA! You know when I have my food contacts on speed dial, the food has gotta be amaze-balls and a top ten-er! When you walk in, the health attacks you and appeals to your senses.  The vibe is alive: the fit customers, the smell of fresh veggies and smoothies being prepared, the sound of the Grabba Greeners making your dish to absolute perfection and when your food is done being prepared ever so quickly, your taste buds will sing! The menu is endless. You can get food or drink (smoothies). As far as a bite to eat, I always get the same thing but I know there are at least 10 things I would like. You can pick the pre-made hot or cold items or you can make your own! Just choose your grain, protein, up to 3 super nutrients, low fat sauce, and dairy item. I don't eat a totally gluten-free diet but the stuff I've been reading about gluten says it's bad news. What'll ya know? Grabba Green's menu is gluten-free! I'm addicted to the "French Quarter". I don't love Red Pepper so they will substitute it for broccoli or anything I want without the fuss! They did mess up my specialty order once but I am not one to hold a grudge when they are always perfect and consistent in every way. As a side note, the "French Quarter is loaded with onion so you may want to have your tic tac ready.I *do* think the price is a little steep for the small portion size but the health benefits and finding good, fresh food is hard to find so it's worth it to do your body good.  I've seen places come and go in that lil' spot there. It seems to be a buzzin' there every time I go. I really hope that means it is going to stay alive.
4	I have been here a few times and it is good (I wouldn't go so far as to say great). The downside is that it is crazy busy at lunchtime and there are very few places to sit so unless you are getting takeout you may have to stand at the long counters near the bathroom to eat (which could have high chairs but don't). Also, it is definitely overpriced. Ten dollars is just too much for the lunch portion you get. If it was $7 or $8 I wouldn't feel so ripped off and would be more likely to return. I probably won't be back. I just don't think it's that fantastic to make it worth the price.
4	Was in Scottsdale for four days for a conference and came here twice. Loved having a healthy yet affordable option for lunch and dinner. Enjoyed rice bowls and freshly made juices on both visits. Wish we had a place like this in my hometown!
4	Finally, a healthy, wholesome, fast-food alternative! I've only visited once and my family tried the French Quarter, La La Luscious smoothie, Feeling Fabulous smoothie and the Detox juice - all were great! The comments I read about the food being bland is probably because a lot of people are used to so much salt in their food, and here they don't do this. I felt everything tasted fresh and delicious! I could taste all the flavors of each ingredient listed in the menu of the dish we ordered. The kids were really digging the smoothies. Any health eatery is going to be on the pricey side, but if I have to eat out, I rather feel better eating here than saving a few bucks elsewhere. I also enjoy their smoothie and juice menu way better than Whole Foods. There are really great combinations, or you can make a custom drink for the same price...and the serving size is bigger :)The place is pretty small and can get busy, but when I was there, the crew got everyone through pretty fast. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area.
5	This place just gets it right with food quality!  My entire staff at New Serenity Spa eat breakfast, lunch and dinner at grabbagreen.  It is very difficult to find good, quality food on the go and these gals managed to take healthy eating/living possible for on the run people like me.I recommend both the food and smoothies.  I usually create my own entree but their menu selections are equally good.  I give high kudos to this business!!  Thank you for opening up a restaurant that can actually benefit our health instead of most fast food restaurants that are loaded with low quality ingredients.  I will be back again and again!
4	Finally! A "healthful" restaurant that is actually HEaLTHY! Great menu, fresh ingredients, friendly service. Prices on the entrees were fair and filled me up! I'm so happy to have this place in my neighborhood. I have yet to try the juices yet....prices seem a but high but I guess I'll need to go back and try them out.
1	Terrible service today and the past 2 weeks. Ive been a valuable customer the past month and they keep changing prices on me and managent has no idea what is going on. One manager says one thing and the other says something else. I called my special  order in at 9am this morning and the guy on the phone had me repeat my order several times and couldn't get it right still so his manager took my order and once again she didnt even get it right. On top of that my order has been the same for the past month. Anyways today I got there at 12 because when I called it in tjeu said itd be ready by noon. I got there at 1205 and they didnt even start my order. The manager made me stand there waiting for something that hasnt even been started.  I got there and literally waiting 10 minutes till I said can I get my juices and she said 10 more minutes. . Well 20 minutes later it's ready. They finally got it... just took wayyy too long and they were so unorganized.  Plus once I placed my order I also heard the managers bicker and fight. They dont have a "mute" button on the phone so u can hear all of their conversations. Not classy
3	As much as I like the food, here are some issues I have encountered while visiting.... Music is WAY too loud... You can barely hear the people taking your order over the blaring stereo.... There needs to be a disclaimer noting that the food is NOT safe for celiacs, nor for people with peanut or tree nut allergies. There should be a calorie count on each of their food and drink items they make themselves as well... This should have been done long before the establishment even opened... And someone should have investigated the actual "gluten free" menu and stated it was not safe for celiacs to consume.Again, I do love the food and the acai bowls and a couple of the drinks, but I really think some of the things I stated really do need to be addressed, or, have disclaimers on the menus about allergies.My purpose of updating my review is to help them, not bash them... Overall the concept is wonderful, and welcome in a little shopping area of fast food garbage.  If this were my company, I would want input from consumers to help me be a better establishment and to listen to consumers wants or suggestions.
4	About a month ago, I started the juicing trend.  I wish I had the time to make all of my favorite juices, but I don't.  So when I work in Scottsdale, the go to place for me is grabbagreen.I find their juices and smoothies to be very tasty....so much so that it is hard for me to have a processed juice from any store.  They are fresh and they don't have preservatives, which I find actually refreshing.  I am so happy that there is a place like this in my vicinity.  I can't even complain about the prices.  A little high?  Maybe, but it is a meal that you are having.  (And they have great rice and quinoa meals as well, btw)My only complaint is the customer service.  They need to have more knowledgeable employees.  And I have been in there many times in the past and not once was I offered a punch card....I didn't even know that they had one until this past week.  I could have gotten a free smoothies 3 times over if I was told about this before.
5	Grabagreen is a hit! This whole-food, gluten free option was impressive. Basically, you can order a predetermined dish or you can pick your ingredients. I had quinoa, shrimp, avocado, red bell pepper, kale, feta, and the avocado sauce. It was delicious. I also had to try a smoothie. In this case, I went with a pre-listed option: Look Lucious. The flavored were right on. The style of this establishment is quick and easy, order at the counter style. They put your order in a little box regardless so you can eat in or out. It's not very big but there are several outdoor tables too. I'll be back!
3	The reasons this place only gets 3 stars:1. The music is way too LOUD- this needs to change.2. How can the business use the word "green" and also serve their smoothies in STYROFOAM cups? I feel evil drinking out of them :(3. It is a little overpriced- I could go to Whole Foods down the street and get better quality food for half the price; but I suppose we're also paying for the convenience.This reason this place gets 3 stars:1. The food is pretty healthy and convenient.2. It's cute, clean and has a good location (service is good, too!)3. The Energy Elevator is a dream come true! What?! A shot of espresso in a purely healthful smoothie?!!?! Sign me up!
4	I definitely have to say how grateful I am that this place is down the street from where I work. The smoothies are tasty and I definitely have enjoyed each one I have tried. It gets a little busy at lunch, so I try to swing by early to beat the crowd. It would be great to have a count of ingredients/calories that way you know what you are consuming. The only downside I will say, is that I understand customer service can be a little stressful, especially in a rush, however, I am paying $7.50 for a smoothie, not the attitude I get because I asked you if I could possibly add more banana into the smoothie. Whoever is at the register is generally hit or miss, some days you are a huge inconvenience and others you are the best thing that ever walked up to them! That aside, I highly recommend.
4	What a fresh and refreshing lunch spot. Super healthy. They are satisfying all of the LuLu Lemon lovers. The place has a modern clean feel to it. The green colored walls keep the mood levels up along with the trance and chill music. There's an abundant amount of choices to create your own lunch bowl. $10 is a fair price. They also have tons of smoothies or detox/juices. All you hear are smoothie machines grinding away to generate your drink to your pleasure. Steam is rising from the rice cookers for your bowls dishes. The staff are friendly and knowledgable. FYI, they will bottle and seal your own juices with a two hour notice One down side. Every dish is served in a brown box. I personally prefer a bowl since I chose to eat in the establishment. If half stars could be awarded than 4.5 STARS.
1	Where do I start? I recently moved into the neighborhood  and was extremely excited when I noticed this place. I love a quick healthy option and this seemed perfect. Well, far from it. One evening I decided to try it out, checked their hours on the website to be sure they were open it was 8:30p and their site stated they closed at 9:00p. Awesome. When I got there 10 minutes later I walked in to the chairs being stacked up and food being put away. I kindly asked if they were still open to which the 6 employees standing around responded in unison looking around at each other, "uuuuhhhhhh, uuuummmmm....kinda."  So I'm standing at the door like an idiot waiting for someone to say "of course, we're open until 9:00p, how can I help you?!" But no, I had to make the first move to say  "well, sorry to bother you I guess I'll try this some other time" .  They said bye, GIGGLED, and continued closing up shop early. My second attempt was unfortunately forced upon me this afternoon. I'm a medical sales rep and cater several lunches per week and had a request for gluten free meals. Grabba Green came to mind so I placed a phone order. After providing my CC info I made a split second decision to ask for all sauces on the side. The employee became quickly and noticeably exasperated, literally sighing and speaking a million miles a minute telling me she now had to hurry and go tell the cooks that sauce was on the side, to which I APOLOGIZED, just before she hung up on me. I showed up, practically bagged my own food, and left.If service was better I could see myself using them a couple times a week to cater these lunches (which typically range from 15-50 people and at about $10/meal that would be a nice bit of business for one order). I don't care how great/healthy their food is, the service is horrible and their employees are incredibly rude. If I were the owners I would be livid at the way these kids are representing my business.
5	This has become my go to place for lunch and sometimes dinner. I try to eat and live a healthy lifestyle, and if you know anything about me, I succeed at it. If I don't bring my lunch to the office I usually go here as it is convenient, quick, delicious, and healthy. They are the only place I've found that actually serves Quinoa. I highly recommend this over sandwiches or fast food. Give it a try and you wont be disappointed.
4	Great concept! Look forward to more and more organic choices. Also, please consider getting rid of the styrofoam cups and going with a more 'green' option.
3	I was underwhelmed my "Tokyo" selection. For me, it needed something with flavor.  Perhaps lemon or hmmm...not sure.  The texture seemed a bit "mushy" for me as everything was steamed.  Healthy, sure, tasty...the jury is still out and they might be a while! I will try this place again and hope I enjoy my choice much better.The smoothie was really good and if I could, I would have tried each one.  Thinking about it now and must have another.  Yes, they are good.
4	When you're in the mood for delightfully healthy, wholesome, simple food, this place is a great choice. The Eat section if the menu allows you to combine a healthy grain, protein, veggies, dairy and sauce in an incredibly health combination. They also have a menu full of combinations - I highly recommend the Tokyo.  I haven't tried the juices, but my husband has and he says they're pretty good. The portions aren't huge, but they're not bad for $10 and we always leave there feeling full and happy.
5	The funny thing about Yelp's rating scale is that I'm never quite sure whether I'm ranking it against my own personal experience, the options in the area, my lofty ideals for restaurants, etc. I know that's what makes reviews fun to read, but I also know that makes them subjective to some degree. Well, all that intro inside, I think that grabbagreen deserves 5 stars for the following (hopefully) persuasive and somewhat objective reasons: -There is nothing like it in the vast office park wasteland otherwise known as the Scottsdale Airpark area. Between Pei Wei, Wildflower and tons of other predictable options, there's not much to choose from for something simple, healthy and non-chainy. This is especially the case since the Whole Foods in the area closed. -If you live in the Silverlake area of LA or Seattle, places like this are a dime or dozen, but there are very few places in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area where you can get a good juice, smoothie or healthy breakfast/lunch and I think it earns major points for that. -The ingredient list for the drink and food options is comprehensive in my opinion. Avocado or squash in your smoothie, pomegranate or hemp in your brown rice bowl? Yes, please!I know it's expensive and it's also got a douchey factor but then again, doesn't everything before it becomes a mainstay of an area? At that point, I think it just becomes hipster - or at least, run-of-the-mill/expected :)
5	I really like this place. Its tasty, healthy but its still a bit expensive. Still, the do a great job if you're looking for healthy and fast. I usually create my own bowl, which is nice, because I get what I want, and I love that they give you a good amount of the protein (specifically shrimp, in my case). I also really enjoy the agave bbq yogurt-delicious! And the smoothies are yummy too.My personal favorite is the Oxidation Elimination- lots of fruits-love it! I usually go to lunch here on Fridays, kind of a nice way to end the week and a healthy way to start to weekend.
1	I have been there several times. Each time after purchasing several juices, two meals and a "smoothie", we leave about $100 later.  Last time we went, I ordered the French Quarter. I got home to find it FULL of red bell peppers, which if I had known I would not have ordered this item. I could not eat it. The menu board is right there on the wall as you are ordering. The French Quarter does not list red bell peppers at all and it lists every ingedient supposedly.  I was disappointed.We go back in tonight, and  I ask about The French Quarter and why it had bell peppers and the server (?), person taking the orders says, "oh our menu is out of date." So I ask, "what do I look at then to order correctly?", she says "I have no idea what you mean." and just stares at me and I am trying to ask is there another menu to order from, etc.... Oh boy, she says "I have to talk to my manager". WHAT FOR? Whatever. So she comes back after a convo with someone else in the back and says "Well whatever you want tonight if free." I said forget it, update your menu, I will not be back.So if you think you are getting what you ordered and it is on their menu board. Think again. Service is beyond poor.
4	Healthy, nutritious, filling, simple. Because there's the option to create your own bowl, the potential for things to go awry is there. If you don't trust yourself, just order one of the set items on the menu. You can always get a little crazy and sub out proteins for one another.I had quinoa + salmon + kale + pistachios + avocado + and some Asian-y dressing, and it totally hit the spot. Could I have made it myself? Yes, but WOULD I have made it myself is the real question.Overall? grabbagreen is worth the 10 buckaroos if you order shrimp or salmon in your bowl. Otherwise, I'd call it steep, but it's definitely worth a visit if you're in the area and pressed for time.
1	I want to know why my review was deleted Grabba Green. You get a negative review and have deleted? That is not really quite the point of a review site is it? Poor service deserves to be published.
1	Super disappointing! We drove by and I looked it up on yelp to see what people were saying. My phone died pretty quickly so we ran in and gave it a blind try.    My 7 year old, who is an extremely healthy eater complained about the smell the second we walked in. The atmosphere just didn't seem to welcoming either. If it is your first time there it seems a little confusing. I ordered the French Quarter, the little man wanted the kids chicken and green, and hubby ordered the Tokyo.     Mine was...blah. Just really nothing there. The ingredients were not that fantastic, the flavor was super bland except for the ?cayenne? Which was awful! My sons was literally spinach with little chunks of chicken and some awful BBQ type sauce splashed on it. Why not just call it a salad?  Husbands was bland and underwhelming as well.     We all had iced green tea which was super strong brewed and not pleasant at all, pretty bitter. For the price of $35, I would have rather gone to whole foods and bought meals. I definitely wouldn't waste my time or money going back here.   Oh, to top it off the staff was not very friendly and the two girls at the register didn't know what they were doing and had to keep running and asking someone else.
2	UGH. That was a waste of $10 +tax. First off, I waited 11 min for my lunch. They're not making everything from scratch at the time of order. Everything is prepared and ready to scoop, plus when I walked in I didn't wait in line, I went straight to the counter to order, it wasn't busy!!! I ordered a "create your own" with Brown Rice, Chicken, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Broccoli, Feta, Cilantro and Sesame Sauce. While lunch did look appealing when I opened the box I quickly realized there was NO SAUCE, the chicken was tough and the brown rice must have been sitting in a rice cooker for days. WHY IS THIS SO HARD TO GET RIGHT. The only reason I'm not giving it 1 star is the cashier was super friendly, asked if I needed any help with the menu and repeated everything back to make sure she had it right. Which she did, the folks shoving food in a box got it wrong....AGAIN.
4	Definitely my lunch time guilty pleasure....whether grain or green, you will be satisfied. I just tried a smoothie for the first time last week, I will be trying everything on the menu! It's my mission :)
1	These people do not know what they are doing and I have to repeat my card number several times before they get it right which makes me mad and them waisting their time. They need to listen because I don't need to repeat my order for 3 times for them to get it. I suggest hiring people who know and understand customer service and how to be properly prepared and staffed well bc if ur always under staffed doesn't that tell u something that u should hire more workers?  Just a suggestion but I hate coming here everything is unorganized and not handled properly
5	Love the juices!!! Zen!!!!
2	I really really really want to like Grabbagreen.  I have now been to both locations a total of 3-4 times so I have tried.  I am accustomed to paying a lot for food as I travel and Grabbagreen could fit right into an airport for overpricing.  I also am used to paying more for fresh, organic salads / food.  That said, I have never left that I was not still starving to death. Today  I paid $10 for the make your own salad which contained approximately 1 1/3 cup of kale, 1 T grated carrot, 1/3 cup black beans, 1 T grated beet, 1 T bean sprouts, 1 t mint and about 2 T of dressing (these are generous estimates).  They would have also included probably about 1 T of feta cheese but I am vegan.  I asked to sub in another vegetable or another herb to replace the cheese.  I was told that due to "policy" I could not do that but could pay an extra $0.75 for a t of herb or T of vegetable.  Now I am a consultant and engineer so I decided to run a little experiment, knowing full well that the cheese was one of the more expensive items and that they were financially ahead to honor this request especially since they tout vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options.  I went to Whole Paychecks and purchased the exact same ingredients.  Then I calculated how much was in my salad and what the food cost was.  Now this was paying full and marked up retail so a good bit more than they pay.  The food cost I estimated without the cheese was $2.66 which like I said I paid $10 for.  This was a 3.77 X markup which is healthy in the food industry.  The cheese cost was about $0.50 based on my numbers and was easily the most expensive thing except for the greens themselves.  So in other words they could have had both a happy customer and a lower cost salad for themselves if they were not so obtuse with their "policy."  Will I go back - probably but only because one of my buddies loves this place.  If you want  overpriced food and silly policies - go for it.  If not there are lots of other great places in Phoenix that will treat you better and provide better value.
5	I recently started the Paleo Diet and have completely cut out all grains and dairy.  Doing this has felt great but also made it very hard for me to find places to eat for lunch!  After talking with a friend at the office I found GrabbaGreen by Pita Jungle in Scottsdale and have been going back ever since.  They ARE expensive but their shakes and salads are amazing.  At first they gave me a small box for the salad and I felt as if I could have eaten two...then after finishing it I felt so full because of all the organic ingredients that I have continued to go back ever since.  Thanks everyone for making a fresh lunch option possible :)
5	This place is amazing. You must eat here if you are in the North Scottsdale area! Came here today around 12:30 for lunch for the first time and I definitely left very happy! I had to wait in line for a few minutes but was glad because I did not know what to order. I got the Southwest which was amazing. Definitely recommend it! I waited for my food for about 5 minutes and came out right away. There is lots of seating inside and a good amount of seating outside too! I decided to sit outside since it was nice out and there is shade from the sun so I was pleased by that. Everyone that works there is super nice, helpful and gets the job done. The menu here is so big I want to eat all of it. They have bowls and have smoothies and acai bowls and everything a health nut can think of. I love how easy it is to find as well and there is a ton of parking right by. I definitely will be coming here a lot more for a quick and easy lunch!
5	I love, love, love Grabbagreen. I don't eat any junk, so it is perfect for me. I have had the Detox juice and love it, I have them add ginger to it. I love the So-Cal with tofu. And I like to buy their bottled juices to take home. It is always busy, busy, busy. They are fast, friendly and it is very clean. Cant wait to try their breakfast.
5	Went in about a week ago for my first time and picked up a smoothie. Service was great, made it fairly quick and it was really enjoyable. Went in again yesterday, this time trying the food for lunch. I ordered a "Build your own" with avocado, chicken, rice, beans, peppers and more. Lets just leave it at "Amazing." I will definitely be there again!
5	Love their selection of pressed juices! Plus their smoothies are huge and well worth the price... which is still very affordable for all the healthy ingredients you get packed in there!
2	I loved this place the first few times I went, because I'm all for fresh, healthy food. The Gabba grain bowls are really good if you make them right, and the pressed juices are good too but honestly the place is way to expensive for such small portions (I think they justify the price because it's organic.. But still). The inside sometimes has a very strange smell that makes you a little sick, maybe from cleaning solution or something, but it's enough to make you question the food. BUT, if you decide to go here for the acai bowl, it is a definite waste!! They are really gross and runny and taste nothing like a real acai bowl made with sambazon. They really jip you on the toppings too (which are not very tasty either) and mind you, I love acai bowls, so it was really disappointing.
5	I Recently had a chance to check this place out, tried the Southwest and it was delicious! It was very well crafted and a well balanced dish. Also The juice is absolutely excellent! I will certainly be back as often as I can to try the different options on the menu. I was very happy with the helpful informative staff that were very friendly about answering the many questions I tend to have :). Also I think paying an extra dollar or two for fresh, delicious, healthy food is well worth it.I would live to see one of these in the Tempe area!
4	Great place to get fast healthy food, but I do hate how all the bowls are the same price. We ordered the Toyko Bay and the Gulf of Mexico. The Tokyo Bay was worth the $10 because it was delicious, fulfilling, and had salmon. The Gulf of Mexico was just an overpriced Spinach salad and it was bland. My advice is to read the ingredients carefully and make sure you're getting your money's worth!
4	While stealing coworker's leftovers from the company fridge and not getting caught might be an art form, it's not without its risks. Stuffing a large styrofoam container into the trash can is way too noisy and, it's easy to spot. This is why I choose grabbagreen.Their leftover containers are the same containers used to serve their delicious menu items...a small, unobtrusive cardboard box. Easy to boost from the fridge, stuff into the trash without making any noise, and usually just enough food to get me to the afternoon break.  One small drawback.Grabbagreen only sells healthy stuff, like quinoa and kale and such. They're big on smoothies too, although I've never sampled one yet since they don't tend to make it to the fridge. I thought about trying Ramona's the other day when she went to the bathroom, but she's been pretty sick lately and I didn't want whatever it is she has. Anyway, I had some quinoa mixed with chicken, kalmata olives, red onions and red roasted peppers. Not exactly what I would've ordered but I'm not complaining. Miranda's leftovers, (name on box) were far less appealing. Way too green, looked like snot with all that avocado. Not sure what it was.So I'm giving Miranda, whoever the fuck Miranda is, no stars for her obvious lack of menu prowess.Ramona also gets 0 stars. Mainly for hacking up shit all day and not covering her mouth. I'll be lucky if I don't get some kind of communicable disease. Jesus H. Grabbagreen on the other hand gets five stars, but I'm only going off the quinoa chicken thingy I stole from 'Katy'. What little she managed to leave behind was damned tasty, but then she thought so too apparently. What a hog.I always hear the girls talk about how expensive grabbagreen is, but I don't happen to share their opinion. I think its extremely reasonable.For now, I'll have to be content with them only going on payday. I hope Ramona gets better soon. I really wanna try one of those smoothies.This place is yummo.
4	I've been three times and ordered the same thing each time - the French Quarter.  It's very tasty, healthy and a great "fast food" option.  The prices are a bit high but I will  spend the $10 for something quick, filling and healthy.  This is my new go-to spot on the days that I don't bring my lunch to work.
4	I went this past weekend for the first time in a few months. I used to work close by and was excited for them to open as there aren't a ton of healthy options in the area aside from Wildflower (which is always packed during lunch). The first time I went, I tried the Southwest, which is delicious. It came in a container the size of a chinese take-out container. When they first opened, they only had smoothies. I think it confused a lot of people that their tagline was food + juice but they didn't have actual juice. I forgot which smoothie I got but remember it being kind of icey and just OK.I later went back on a hot summer day and tried their Energy juice which has pineapple, mint, coconut water, and apple. It was so good. I could probably drink that everyday. It's so light and refreshing!This past time I decided to try their South Beach and got the Energy again. The South Beach's vinaigrette was a bit too much for me. I should have asked for it on the side. My boyfriend got the Boost juice. It was good but not very sweet. If it had apple or some other kind of sugary fruit in it, it would have been better for us. Their prices are a little higher than similar places. However, it's because they use organic ingredients. If you're wondering if they're actually a healthy place or a fake healthy place, you can go to their website to view nutrition information. $10 for a salad is pricey for me and not something I would do frequently. If organic is important to you, paying more wouldn't be a big deal. Overall, the food and juices are great, the price tag, not so much.
4	This small little green eatery is a great alternative to the many waist-unfriendly choices in the area. With a versatile menu open to customization, pretty much any eater could find something delicious here. It definitely has that "healthy" vibe that screams, "Stop here for a post-gym replenishment! If you weren't at the gym, at least put on some yoga pants!" which seems to deter some more traditional folks. But I hope it continues to attract a large dining crowd.The food is simple and delicious. I've enjoyed a few of their salads, and I would definitely recommend requesting dressing on the side. I not only found them to be generously poured when added in advance, but they were a little sweet for my taste. My husband loves the quinoa bowls and finds them sufficient in actually squashing his appetite - a rare feat at most health-centric dining venues. He's also praised their smoothies, a treat I have yet to experience.My only other concern and hesitation toward coming here more often is the time it takes from ordering to eating. It appears as though everything is mostly cooked in advance and ready for assembly, yet it took almost a half hour the last time we grabbed lunch on a Saturday. The menu may have a variety, but none of it is complicated. If they devise some sort of system to improve the wait time, the whole implication behind grabbing something to go (as the name suggests) will be much more true to form.
1	The food is extremely bland and overcooked. Healthy can be flavorful, tantalizing, and delicious, but the dishes here lack inspiration. The rice and noodles in the dishes are overcooked. The vegetables are edible, but lack seasoning. The dishes feel forced and put together in a rush without any creativity behind their creation.Yes, Grabbagreen has smoothies too. I tried one, the experience was better, but still far from the best I've had. The berry smoothie tasted oddly like artificial grape flavoring.The driving feeling I took away from my meal here, is that the dishes were created by someone who has been removed from a real wholesome meal for far too long and believes, wrongly, that these abominations pass as a fulfilling meal.
4	I've been jonzing for a acai bowl so I decided to give this place a whirl.  Very good!  I also got the energizing smoothie which gave me a little morning pick me up.  Those two items came to $16 - yikes...so I will be returning, just maybe not as much as I'd like to.
2	Bland food and cheap ingredients lead to a disappointing meal and a guarantee not to returnWent with the French Quarter with extra shrimp, and for $13 you would expect at least mid sized shrimp, not the baby shrimp that it comes with, also coming in a to go container that Whole Foods uses.  It was pretty bland, not terrible, however the uncooked red onion was a bit overpowering.  I would certainly never want to eat this again, and could make the same thing with better shrimp for half the price.  Medium sized shrimp on the high side are $8.The acai bowl we ordered was not really even an acai bowl, i would rate it a 1 We ordered the cococabana which had banana in it, even though it is not listed as an ingredient on the menu, also it was served in a smoothy cup, (serve it in the right vessel) and was not pleasant tastingThe mixed reviews here should be a warning to you (a warning I ignored) If you have taste buds and don't want to be disappointed, you can steer clear of Grabbagreen
5	I love Grabbagreen!! I have been looking for a healthy place to grab a quick meal and this hits the mark! I brought my mom & little sister for lunch... We couldn't decide so we all shared a few things: South Beach 'grabbagreen'- Amazing! So fresh & loaded with the nutritious extras I look for - kale, berries, hemp, beets, pistachios, etcFrench Quarter 'grabbagrain' - very tasty... Fair portion of shrimp given the cost, and I loved the creamy avocado sauce! (We also got a side of the Harissa sauce to try with it which was so flavorful!! I'll get this on my next trip!)Looking Luscious smoothie - very nicely balanced blend of fresh fruits & veggies... Love that it's all whole food ingredients - nothing processed here!All in all we really enjoyed our lunch & will return whenever we're in the neighborhood... Which leads me to my only drawback... I want a Grabbagreen closer to my house! :o) Please check out this wonderful, locally owned little place!!
5	I love this place ! I have never had a bad experience. Food is always fresh and delicious. I do not feel it is overpriced at all because you have to pay for quality ingredients.
5	This place is so good and healthy!  The French Quarter is my fave--I like to add a bit more spice to mine and they will make it anyway you like. They even have a "make  your own" menu, which is a great idea. All fresh ingredients from local farms. The Boost drink is incredible and so flavorful and full of vitamins.Those whining on here about "I had to wait 11 minutes...it was bland"--Suggestion to you--go to McDonald's or buy at Subway. Fresh food takes TIME to prepare and both locations are always packed no matter what time I go. I've started the online ordering and pick-up, as it makes it faster. Sure, it's not for everyone because ours is not a healthy culture---but this is a GREAT place. If you do care about fresh made food and helping local farmers try it!
4	Tried this place out for lunch today, overall good experience! I had the southwest and my boyfriend had the patagonia. The patagonia was a little bland, but mine was good! Also, if you are watching calories be mindful of the grains, I was surprised when I saw how many my meal had! I definitely want to go back a get one of their juices!
5	Grabbagreen is awesome. I haven't tried their food yet, but their juice and smoothie menus are great. A little bit on the more expensive side since they use organic products, but you get a good amount of everything. There're a few things I prefer Grabbagreen over other places:Gluten-free productsOrganic contentAND most smoothies and juice are naturally sweet, no sugar added. For a few items that have strong tastes like kale, etc. they only add a little bit of agave, not a whole lot. And that is just so much heathier.I will definitely come back whenever I come to this area.
3	I stopped in late in the afternoon craving a healthy juice pick-me-up.I ordered the Detox Juice in the smaller size, I opted for no ice as i assumed I would get more juice. The portion was so small!! For a total of $7 I would expect a bit more juice or use bigger cups and include the ice...The staff was very friendly and the juice was tasty, but at this price point there are other juice bars I would go to first.
4	I saw a review picture that said, "No Sauce. Dry Chicken".....?I don't get the picture, but I think the customer misunderstood the concept.THIS IS HEALTHY FOOD.I love it here, I eat a small meal (Im sure that's been said too) and Im full for the rest of the day, and Im a guy who loves to eat.TIP OF THE DAY -------- ORDER ONLINE, ORDER ONLINE, ORDER ONLINE!!!!unless you have plenty of time to hang out, this is NOT fast food, it takes them restaurant time to prepare your dish (or box if you will), but it is worth the wait.And if you are a juice or smoothie person, UR in ZEN!!! I didn't really get it at first, (the flavor), but now I am a fan.Feel Better, Live Better! as my Friend Dr. Joe always says...LOL
2	The food tasted good,not great, definitely edible...the portions are very small.  Way to expensive for what you get. Also, everything comes in throw away containers and they don't recycle!!!!  I will never go there again.
3	I've been drinking green smoothies for years now. I tried the green with pear and hemp. It was super watery and not worth the 8 bucks. Stick with whole foods juice bar or nekter. It was cute inside.
3	It's nice having a somewhat healthy place in the Phoenix metro area. This place is a tad bit overpriced I feel. I went in and basically just wanted a bunch of veggies...like a veggie platter. I was happy that they were able to accommodate my request since there is no such thing on the menu. Lesson learned....ORDER OFF THE MENU. This thing cost me $18! It seriously was broccoli, spinach, corn, green onions, cauliflower, cucumber, edamame, and some olives. Lord! Aside from this...definitely try one of their smoothies. During a different visit I tried their oxidation eliminator smoothie and it was the best smoothie I have ever had!
4	Large selection of juices, smoothies, and even healthy food.  I had a carrot, orange, cucumber, lemon, kale juice.  It was very good.  For a small it is about $6 but a good amount.
3	Finally, a go to place for healthy choices offering organic and gluten-free choices but a disappointment, over priced and overrated...  Seriously, we are talking veggies here, unless they can truly justify that it is because they offer organic ingredients only?  Staff was very helpful and friendly and accommodating but c'mon, a little price adjustment would be most helpful.  I recently discovered the juice bar at Sprouts for $3.99!
4	Large selection of juices, smoothies, and even healthy food.  I had a carrot, orange, cucumber, lemon, kale juice.  It was very good.  For a small it is about $6 but a good amount.
4	It ain't cheap eating healthy but these guys do a decent job of providing something healthy, filling, and at a decent price point.*  A great place to combat my hunger pangs next time that I am heading in the general direction of that New York style pizza place across the parking lot.*Yes that is a jab at Flower Child
5	The healthy version of Jamba Juice! I always come here for their smoothies, and my absolute favorite is the Feeling Fabulous. Their mac & cheese is awesome as well and is gluten-free!!! I do miss their protein on a stick...they should bring this back!!!
5	Delish! I came from California and randomly stopped into this place. I had the Santa Fe, it was delicious!
4	First time here - just wanted to pick up some smoothies. Awesome selection of combos, clean establishment, super friendly staff, I was served quickly and offered a punch card.Prices are a bit on the high side ($7 smoothies / $10 boxed meal) I would love to become a regular if it were a bit more affordable. Was hoping for better pricing.Healthy and tasty, just uber expensive. Parking sort of sucks if you hit the peak hours as it does for everything else in this plaza. Good for a once in a while place for me.
4	I dig it here. Best thing is ordering online. When I walk in to pick up my lunch I am helped immediately!!
3	I see what they are trying to do and I can appreciate it. There aren't a ton of truly healthy options around here that don't cost a pretty penny. I will give them credit for having more options such as quinoa and allowing you to build your own bowl/salad. But, for $10, I would expect better, bolder flavor. **Edit, I had posted about the legitimacy of the proteins being fresh, and the owner had messaged me. They use a steaming method to avoid any oils in the cooking process, which is healthy but unfortunately leaves the dishes a bit bland.*** The veggies they use are also simply steamed. It couldn't hurt to use some actual herbs and seasoning. This place is just a little overpriced for the lackluster flavor. They do source their ingredients from conscious/organic farms -- but I just wish they'd work on the presentation/taste.
4	We frequently get lunch here for our work group because it's healthy and everyone can eventually find something here. Only 4 stars because about 1/3 of the time they get one or two orders wrong on our order. They have been better recently, but still occasionally mess up, but they always fix whatever was wrong. Overall though, the staff is very friendly and always accommodating to the changes we make to each order.
1	Expensive. Smoothies are okay. Salad was dry with very few ingredients. No dressing at all, so I was mostly eating dry leaves. When I asked for dressing they tried to charge me extra. Ridiculous, money-grabbing company.
4	Not too many places out there that offer genuinely "fresh" and healthy ingredients that don't require a sit down & order off a menu hour long lunch meal. But, there is Grabbagreen. Not as "fast" as fast food because they prepare your food upon ordering. But it is quick enough to grab on a short lunch break. I had the So Cal grain bowl and it was tasty & filling. (Only ate half) I loves the use of mint & feta in this dish to really give it a pop of flavor! Can't wait to try more on the menu!
4	First time in today.  I chose Southwest Grain: Quinoa (OPTED for BROWN RICE INSTEAD), Chicken, Corn, Black Bean, Tomato, Avocado, Cheddar-Jack, Cilantro, Yogurt Agave BBQ....it was good.  Full if flavor. Nice portion. $10.00 +. Went in for lunch just minutes before noon. Filled up quick.  If I go back I may stick to this dish. I will try juice next time for sure - prices seemed high on those.
4	Very clean eating. So many food combinations that can be created it would take a while to get through all of them. Staff was patient with me since it was my first time. Will definitely eat there again.
5	I love Grabbagreen!!I've been here many times & each time I feel very welcome & appreciated, I love the energy of the whole place!  The staff is always very helpful - they've taken time to explain items in the ready made refrigerator, thoroughly review ingredient lists for allergy concerns, and are always ready with a suggestion of their favorites or little modifications to make my choices extra special!It will take me a while to try everything on the huge menu, but each item I have tried is delicious - so fresh!  My go-to lunch is the Orange County 'Grabba-green' - it's basically a big wonderful salad loaded with spinach, chicken, veggies & a light but flavorful dressing.  If i'm feeling a bit more indulgent I go with the Moroccan Mac & Cheese with broccoli added - I can't tell you how wonderful it is to find gluten free mac & cheese!!  My favorite breakfast is the Spiritulina smoothie - quick, easy, nutritious & fills me up!  They have a huge juice menu & always have a nice variety of bottled juices to grab.  I haven't figured out what my favorite is yet because they're all so yummy! I truly love this place & recommend it to anyone who's interested in a quick & healthful meal, drink or snack!
5	I LOVE Grabbagreen! The staff is super friendly and the smoothies are delicious and healthy!
5	Very addicting! The food is a health nuts dream, but so full of flavor that picky eaters will be happy.The juices are terrific. They are fresh and flavorful. My 7 year old loves them and the food. She eats her veggies without complaint. She even asks to come here.
5	I'm not a health food nut... But I love grabba green! The greens are very fresh and crisp and I love the quinoa & quinoa noodles.  The flavors are interesting and make my healthy lunch seem like a treat!  I usually choose chicken as my protein, but today I tried the beef and it was surprisingly tender and flavorful! So often, beef on a salad is tough... This was not!One reviewer mentioned their greens were dry because of not enough dressing... I actually think they just give you too many greens. If you take the salad out of the little to-go box they stuff it in, it is a huge portion. I asked them to go light on the greens, or do 1/2 greens, 1/2 grain for the base and the proportions were perfect!
3	Oh no. Really, I am soo very disappointed. My wife and loved this place, but it's changing. The last 3 times have not been the same. Drinks are odd colors and taste different, never order online as they don't follow directions and the ingredients taste very different. When you go in the staff has changed from friendly to a bit frazzled. The really sad part is the crowd is gone. I used to stand in long lines and now it's pretty empty. I hope they go back to the way it was when the first opened. Soon before it's too late. The competitiion is coming and they are cheaper.
2	Edited after Owner reached out to me:After attempting this place over 10 times now I've decided to leave a review. I cannot wrap my head around why this place is so expensive!!!! $10 for a salad that when I returned to my office to enjoy had nothing but mounds and mounds of spinach! I love spinach but when I just spent $10 you bet your a$$ I better have more than that in this little box. There were about 8 tiny shrimp. Some chopped up onion. Some chopped up hard boiled egg that actually looked more like tofu based on how it was cut. A sloppy mess of what appears to be guacamole but is only avocado. (Hopeful for Guac to makeup for the bland flavor) Then some cayenne. That's it. $10! There wasn't any dressing or flavor. Very very bland and very difficult to eat with so much spinach and not enough toppings. Insane price to pay! Fry's has spinach on sale for 99 cents! Anyway, I'd rather invest in my own juicer and do it myself for the rate these little drinks are going for. $8 for a juice...I buy organic and shop the local farmers markets. So I know I could be making these for way cheaper. Obviously store bought is a convenience factor. But it's worth my time and effort to make my own every morning or find somewhere else to enjoy a fresh cold pressed juice. Only reason for this review getting 2 stars is the staff is always friendly and it's a cute place. Other than that. 1 star! :/
4	Healthy, fast, delicious options always get a thumbs up in my book. Love the idea for GrabbaGreen. There are some pros and cons to this place, but I'd say it deserves 4 stars because it is so fresh and tasty.The service is always good here, the people at the register are always informative, let me try dressing samples before I made a decision. One con is it smells kinda gross in there. Guessing from all the green veggies, which I love to taste, but the smell is just so overpowering. Also this place is overpriced.The food is very good, I always get a build your own bowl. I get a vegan one with quinoa, spinach, black beans, and vegetables. They do give you a pretty big portion which is nice. Everything tastes fresh, and I have never been disappointed with my meals here!
5	Loved the Convenience of being able to get a good and quick lunch that consists of mostly veggies and super foods. My smoothie was Amazing! I got the Spiritulina! I appreciate every chance i can have spirulina! and its not that often unless i make it myself! The  Staff was friendly and my food came very fast! Loved it! im a new grabbagreen addict!
4	Was out running errands and I decided I needed a snack. What better way to beat a HOT day than with a healthy smoothie. Great food was expected but what I received was a lot more. I was greeted with enthusiasm and as I waited for my order I witnessed something unexpected. A staff that clearly loved their job. They were energetic, fun loving and clearly wanted to give their customers the best possible service along with high quality product. It was a pleasure to watch them work. I definitely will be back.
4	Had my first experience here today.  I very much enjoyed it.  Stopped in for lunch and had a Juice and shot of wheat grass.  I was one of three.  The "juicer guy" brought over only two of the three we ordered.  They forgot mine.  No worries, he whipped one up pretty quickly and remedied the situation... quite nicely.  Taste?  Well, I have a juicer and I have been using it quite a bit... and it taste just as good as home!  Cold Pressed is the way to go... and I was very very happy.  I feel great.
2	As part of my "2014 Arizona Health Food tour" I stopped into grabbagreen a couple months ago after being told about it from a friend. I thought the idea was cool, nothing that hasnt been done a thousand times before in California and a few times here in state, but it boasted a healthy alternative to fast food, and for that I had to give them credit. When I stepped inside in the later lunch hours the place was packed so I thought "well good for them, maybe this is the real deal." I was wrong, after ordering a Southwest Grain bowl recommended to me by the less than enthused girl at the counter, and a "Power Juice", I took a seat outside for lack of indoor seating and tight quarters just arent my thing. somewhere around ten minutes later my room temperature food and juice came out, as soon as I opened the box I was underwhelmed with the presentation, a bunch of mush beneath a layer of weird colored sauce. Presentation isnt everything, so I dug in. foul. The blend of textures wasnt very appealing, the sauce was a bit much, but something had to help mask the bland food and disgusting breast meat chicken(?) that was so dry in almost just crumbled in my mouth without having to chew. I swore at this moment I'd never eat at one of these establishments again, a ten dollar box of nothing that clearly gained its following by telling people that its gluten free and "mostly organic". All hope was not lost though, I still had my juice. I am person that juices at home, so upon taking the first sip of this juice something is wrong, its an 8 dollar apple juice with a hint of kale, spinach and lemon. The experience was overall pretty awful, but upon doing some research I learned there was a second location that wasnt as busy, I saw this as a chance to give it another go doing a little deeper research(keep your eyes peeled for my review of their other location) I know first hand that sometimes one restaurant location doesnt do the brand justice. I would love to see this place keep doing well, but I think eventually people will catch on that they are paying a lot for a less than spectacular health food experience that swears they are your only option.
5	expensive but good, 10 dollars for my fav grain bars but hey worth it. Its a meal in itself.
5	Three words for ya..... A MA ZING!!!!!!!I didn't know what to expect when I tried it, but I'm hooked!!!
5	Awesome spot. Quick. Healthy. Very helpful staff. Love the samples. Can't wait to go back.
5	Happened upon this place in my search for a kale salad for lunch. Place has a very healthy feel as you walk in (not my first thing when looking for food) but I decided to give it a shot. Menu looked appealing to what I was craving. Line was quick, staff was was SUPER friendly. She guided me through my virgin order. Got the Gangam city salad. Normally I read reviews before I try a place but was so hungry I ordered then sat to wait while I read reviews. I was worried as I read some of the lower scored reviews. I got my food and was delightfully surprised! It had ample ingredients, great flavor, plenty of dressing, and didn't take ages to get out to me. I  very pleased with my lunch choice and will be back!!
5	I'm surprised there are such negative reviews for this place. Yes, it is a little overpriced so I probably can't go as often as I want to but it was soooo good! Plus, I spend more at places like paradise bakery or ajs and I'd rather eat here. It's so hard to find really healthy places with these kinds of options.  The portions are good, I wasn't full after and I eat a lot. People  who commented on the smell...I didn't really notice but they steam everything so it's just veggie stank.
5	My second visit was hit it on the spot.  I feel SO good after dining here.....I mean.. Drinking here... the Juice is quick and filling.  It's high octane fuel for your body and cells.  JUICE GOOD.
3	I have updated this review multiple times because it's so hit or miss. One day it's a 5, the next visit, barely a 2. I've been here twice in the past two weeks which has been the first time in a few months. When it's great it's great, but when it's not, it's the biggest waste of $10. Last week I placed my order online and after getting my food back to the office I realized it didn't have ANY sesame sauce like I ordered, I sent a friendly email to let them know and NOTHING. Not an "I'm sorry" or "our apologies". The only reason I informed them is so they could do a better job training their staff. And, honestly I think if I'm paying this kind of money, I should get what I ordered. Yesterday, however, was spot on. Exactly as I ordered it and the staff was super friendly. Why can't you be more consistent? I would eat here more often with my coworkers if I was guaranteed to get what I ordered.
4	Still really like GrabbaGreen. I love stopping in for a smoothie or fresh juice. Everyone that works there has always been incredibly friendly and helpful (Shout out to Jeremy). My favorite items are the energy elevator smoothie (add almond butter and cinnamon). So good and big enough to be a meal. A number of their juices a great and you can also design your own combos. Their southwestern style salad (can't remember the name) with steak is excellent. And you have to add their awesome hot sauce! I noticed they added quite a few healthy breakfast items to the menu. I'm excited to try them!
1	Acai bowls- NastyFood-Does the trick if you're out and don't want to eat something fried but I never crave anything from this place.Juices- StandardService- Takes forever I don't know why I never am in the mood to go here and I'm a health food junkie. I guess because I overpay for crap I make at home anyway but i like that there's an option to eat healthy when eating out but if I'm eating out? I'm grubbing and if I'm in rush I ain't got time Grabba Green bc you take forever anyway.
4	If this place only served salads I would give it a 3. If they only made juices I would give it a 5. For that reason I gave it a 4. This review is solely based on the one salad I got which is the gulf of Mexico salad. The menu says avocado, uh no it's not avocado, its a creamy guacamole without any taste (pet peeve: when restaurants  say avocado and it's that fake creamy guacomole type) the dressing which I'm not sure what it is as the menu didn't make it clear lacks flavor and didn't really complement the other flavors. The juice on the other hand was delicious!!! Tasted fresh! I would definitely consider coming back here and trying the other juices. For the price of the salad I will pass on the salads next time and go for a juice!
5	The only bad thing I can say about this place is the price. It is a little pricey, but I still go every week. It is so delicious. I would go with the Southwest. It is my absolute favorite, you can't go wrong. The mango salsa/sriracha sauce they have is so good, I wish they sold it. I have had all the juices, I really like the one with beets.
4	This place is healthy, delicious, and expensive
1	Being a chef, restaurant consultant and specialize in nutrition this place is a MESS! You are price gouging the consumer with small portions and horrible cooking of the few items you have to cook. I had a salad and coconut water and it was $16!!  The staff couldn't explain a "perfect protein" such as quinoa or why it was good for you and the noodles were hard! The storage is off and pressure cooking the meat makes for a bland product. I am sure there were good intentions but I doubt they had a true restaurant person helping them. Keep to juicing. It is less labor and the cost and convenience can be justified.
1	Good idea, but food is bland and the chicken looks and tastes like it was microwaved or steam cooked....The worst are the containers-cheap, non-recyclable and covered with a non-stick film or sorts. Even if you eat in you don't get a plate.  The prices are steep, especially for what you get....there are many reasonable options in Scottsdale by now, including healthy ones, so we definitely won't be back.
2	I WANT to love this place.  I work nearby and tried the order online/pickup route.  I'm on an HCG diet ...so it was $14 for a Chinese food rice size box of veggies with an ounce of meat.  You get used to over -paying on HCG.  The HCG diet is full of disappointing lunch take out options - but hey - with this I could go the pick up route and specify no cheese, sauce on the side etc.  The website makes you pay with a credit card but when I showed up for pick up, I was told I had to pay at the store.  The food was ok.  but I noticed 2 days later I was double charged.  I tried to call and complain but while on hold for the manager I was hung up on.  I gave them a 2nd chance today.  I paid $20+ today for a $6 12 oz juice drink (I have a cold..am obviously also in the wrong business) and a $10 lunch entree minus cheese, nuts and olives. I picked up my order but they didn't have my juice..,,when I asked, they quickly found it in the fridge.  I left, confident because my box had the name of my dish written on the side.  Got back to work and it was completely wrong.  It had cheese, it had black beans and essentially made me super sad I gave them a second chance and spent $14 on a box of spinach and shrimp where I picked around half of it off.  Overall I'm just disappointed - wondering where my money went and had that sad, shitty monday where you opened up an entree box and see a bunch of stuff you can't eat.  I have expectations - I waited tables a ton and my parents owned a restaurant.  I just expect $20 food when I buy $20 food.
2	I agree with reviews that said the customer service from the type of employees they have is hurting this business .  Perhaps the owner needs to some secret shoppers sent in ( like grocery stores) to see what we're talking about.
5	I love it here and the food is awesome. This is the perfect lunch or dinner spot especially when you're in a hurry and don't want to settle for unhealthy junk. When I eat here, I know I am getting fresh, quality, REAL food. You get what you pay for when you eat out, and I'd rather pay to get the good stuff.The employees are great and offer suggestions when I want to switch things up. They are always friendly. My go to favorite is the mac and cheese - I will add broccoli and the chimichurri sauce (a tip from one of the staff and I've never gone back). The Southwest is awesome and it's usually what I recommend to my friends on their first visit. It gets them hooked right away!
5	I LOVE this place!!! I'm from LA and this place would fit in perfectly there! The juices are delicious and so good for you! They have an array of options for healthy foods, it's not that it's just healthy its actually delicious! If I live here I'd come often! The service was beyond friendly!
4	Mmm. I might consider myself to be health-conscious, so for all those of you who might be watching not necessarily your weight, but the ingredients you are consuming, this place is pretty nice! I absolutely adore the way they show you every single part of each dish in the description, and also how you can even choose your own ingredients. The downsides are the price, which is pretty high, and also the fact that not all of their ingredients are organic. Maybe I'm just being extremely picky, but I feel like a place with a name like "Grabbagreen" would use all organic products. I mean, I'm not that person who only eats organic things, it's just that this sort of restaurant should have organic ingredients. Besides that and the price, though, it's incredibly delicious, healthy, and pretty quick, with great service.
5	I absolutely love this place. I'm from New York and was visiting family, my cousin took me here for lunch and it was brilliant. The service was great. The food was awesome (healthy and fresh) I had the  Tokyo Bay and my cousin had the Patagonia dish. It was awesome. Really hoping to find something similar in NYC.
1	I finally decided to write a review even though I have been coming to Grabba Green for a while now. The food is decent if you're looking for a healthy alternate from all the fast food places around here. I would love to give them more stars but their service is horrendous and slow. Horrendous because every time I go, I felt unwelcome. I believe in good customer service especially when your client is paying a ridiculous price for stuff they can make at home themselves. A smile would also be nice instead of having a f**k face all the time. Especially the red headed step-child dude. Maybe you should find another job because apparently customer service isn't your forte. Maybe it's just towards me because they seem to smile and seem helpful towards other people. I'd rather make my own salad and juice then ever come back to this establishment. Like I said if you like healthy stuff then do try this place out but don't expect a cheery staff to greet you that enjoys their job or act like they actually enjoy their job and don't expect fast service also.
4	I stop in a couple of times a week for a juice...The Luv Juice is delicious...my favorite!
5	The food is not only healthy, but flavorful.  If you want to make healthy choices in your life, start here.  I typically order one of the salads and have them swap out the shrimp for chicken.  The avocado dressing is amazingly flavorful.  I also like their juices and find them unique in that the few I have had are a bit tart.   The prices are fantastic ($10 for a healthy, nicely portioned salad with protein) and the staff friendly.
