4	We walked from downtown, 15 minutes, with the idea of taking a cab back, but after a huge Ruben, we couldn't fit in the car. The walk served us well. Very good food and portions. Service was great, and friendly, with knowledgeable staff. Like Paul said, try to avoid the lunch hour. Everyone in the building eats there and it is packed.
5	My favorite lunch spot. The entire staff is awesome; they even remember my name. Everything is always clean, fast and fresh. I've NEVER had a bad visit (and I've been there a bazillion times.)
4	Very friendly helpful staff, great muffaletta and gumbo, priced very well..... and dog friendly on patio
4	Ah, what can I say, Jason's Deli makes a darn fine sandwich.  I ordered a Rueben today as did a few co-workers.  We ordered for delivery.  It took a while but it arrived exactly when they said it would.  I was impressed.  The corned beef was stacked high.  The cheese was well melted.  The sauerkraut was mild.  If I have any complaints it is that the bread was a little on the soggy side by the time it arrived because of the Russian dressing (which I could not taste because it was soaked in to the bread).  Other than that, a dang fine sandwich.  It was filling.  It was flavorful.  I enjoyed it.  The pickle spear and bag of chips on the side were a bonus.  All together, $7.99 for this meal was worth it.  I think next time I would like to try a baked potatoe.  I hear good things.  And I know their chili is good.  Maybe a potatoe with chili is not out of the question.
4	I've been a Jason's Deli fan for years, having lived in their home state of Texas and enjoyed many of their different sandwiches... This location was close to my hotel on a recent trip to Vegas.It has been almost impossible to find a Louisiana-style muffaletta in Norcal, so I was only too happy to stuff my face with one here last week. It was delicious, as always! The staff here are friendly and fast, it's clean, and it looks like it can get busy at lunchtime. The only reason I deducted a star is because if you aren't on foot or working in the building, the parking garage is expensive.I recommend this place... The food is consistently good and with the variety they offer, you're sure to find something you will love, including their super-fresh salad bar. And I finally got my Muffy!
4	A solid lunch option for Downtown-ites.  The place is located on the ground floor of the Molasky Corporate Center, which is also where you park.  (Jason's provides one hour of parking validation, just give the cashier your parking ticket when you pay; each additional half hour is $1.)It gets really busy during the lunch hour, but I've found that getting there ten minutes early helps beat the lunch time rush.  But even if there's a long line, it moves relatively quickly.I love that there a ton of different options -- soups, salads, and sandwiches, or if it floats your boat, a giant baked potato.  (The potato is like the size of a small football.)  The variety is especially nice if you're with a big group.  On the downside, it can get pretty loud inside.  The food is prepped quickly.  But in my opinion, the best thing about Jason's is the soft serve.  Whether it's vanilla, chocolate, or swirled, it's a perfect way to cap off lunch.
4	My office typically orders Jason's to go, but if you feel like getting out, it's worth it.  Kind of a pain to get to but the salad bar is serious business.  For $7.99, you get unlimited trips to the small, but well-rounded offerings, fluorescent glow included free of charge.  It's not a huge salad bar, but it has everything you need to have a good lunch.  Added bonus:  Captain's Wafers!  Those crackers take me back to childhood!  I would suggest avoiding the patio though, as there is always some vagrant milling about.If you are not looking for an excuse to be less productive, Jason's delivers ($3 charge I think) and I would recommend the turkey reuben.  Super good and under 550 calories with baked lays and a pickle.
4	This review is for on item only. When I like a reastaurant, I always have several favorites that I always order. At Jason's Deli, I go exclusively because it is papa time (cue U can't touch this, by MC Hammer).They have a couple of potatoes on their menu, fo those that do not want to partake in soups, sanddwiches or their salad bar. Mmm starch.I always order the spud au broc. Imagine, if you will, a potato the size of an adult's head, bathed in a broccoli cheese soup to keep it nice and moist, cheddar, broccoli bacon and green onions. Need I say more?This is super fattening, stick to your ribs deliciousness. And I order it every time.
4	Pretty much anything here is outstanding.  I ahve not ever had a sandwich here that was "average, or plain".  They have great ingredient combonations of everything.  In the morning their breakfast taco totally hit the spot.  I recently had one of their baked potato's..holy crap it was huge and I mean huge!!  Loaded up with all the good stuff if you want.  I ate it and wasn't hungry the rest of the day.   Everyone at this Jasons is freindly, the cashier guy is great with each and every person he helps.
4	If you want a quick lunch, healthy or filled with calories, this is the place for you.  Their food is always fresh, try the new pork tenderloin sandwiches.  Super tasty and healthier than some of the other meats.  The staff is always friendly and most of them recognize me after only a handful of visits.  The soups are great too and they have a larger variety than most sandwich shops including chile and chicken pot pie soup.  They have a salad bar with fresh ingredients and even give free muffins and crunchy garlic toast out free to all customers.  The soft serve ice cream is also included in your meal if you dine in.  The price is reasonable and the portions are just right. Goldilocks would be pleased. not to big, not to small.
5	Really like this place. It's located inside a multi level complex building but is spacious enough inside. The salad bar is always my go to thing, which is always stocked with fresh ingredients and red pepper hummus (my fave!)There is outside seating, where you can take a peak of downtown and the ongoing traffic down Bonneville. All in all, one of my faves!P.S. I love to grab my ice cream to go, head up to the 7th floor and sit in the awesome SNWA park area. :) Stef
4	I think I'm starting to become a bigger fan of Jason's. I work nearby and have started coming here more than I used to, mainly becuase I'm seeing more value to eating here besides the convinience. They have a great selection of sandwiches, soups and baked potatoes and sometimes I find myself not knowing what to get. I usually go for lunch but stopped by in the morning today (since Cafelatte was closed) and tried a breakfast panini that was absolutely delicous! The bread was grilled to crispy perfection and the egg and bacon were good and not overly greasy. During lunch you can eat at the salad bar, which I never have, or order off the menu. All their sandwiches are pretty good and I don't necessarily like one better than the other since all the ones I've had so far were delicious. They also have huge baked potatoes and bowls of soup that are good for the times I don't feel like having a sandwich. Service is wonderful here and even though it can get pretty busy here during lunch, the line seems to move along efficiently. If you dine in, you can even enjoy free soft serve ice cream, which I tend to forget about! Also, if you plan to come here often you can buy a travel mug for $3.99 and get 99 cent soft drink refills anytime you stop in with your mug.
4	It was my first time here for lunch and it was... Well.... Interesting. Terrible terrible "service" if that's what you want to call it. There was no guidance, I ordered a half sandwich and a salad from the salad bar. The salad bar was great, with fresh, yummy choices. The panini I ordered was amazing!!! Just know when you order, that regular chips mean ruffles and baked chips mean baked lays. Now that I know my way around, and the secrets of how this place works... I'll probably be back soon.
5	This was my first time to this location and it was amazing as always.  It gets REALLY crowded at lunch time and even though the wait to order may take longer then normal the rest of the place runs better then any Jason's Deli I have been too in this city.The workers are very friendly and helpful, they work hard and at the busiest part of the day, they keep the tables moving.  When you are finished and leave, your table is cleared and cleaned for the next person almost immediately.I have never seen a Jason's Deli this well managed and ran.  There is not much they can do about the wait to order as they have everyone available working on taking orders and getting them out. The wait after you order for your food is FAR less then the amount of time to order but again the location of this place only allows them to do the best they can and I guarantee you they are doing the best they can and then some.If you are in the downtown area, you cannot go wrong with this place.  The selection is varied where you can get something different if you find yourself here often.  Either way, the food is worth the trip and the friendliness of the staff is worth the trip.
5	This is my favorite JD location. It's my to-go place for everyday lunch and by FAR the best  option in downtown (yes, I said it. Screw you Le Thai, Eat, and other hip places ).  You can go healthy with soup and salad or  nuts with ice cream and muffins. What really makes the difference is the staff. Great customer service! Everyone is always friendly. Place is clean and food quality is consistent. Because I go during the week, I usually get soup and salad. One of the best options for healthy eating. After a while I find it difficult not to get my greens for lunch. Honestly it is the best lunch under $10 ($9.60).  I think I have been here more than 70 times during the last couple of years. Lots of bureaucrats, cops, and attorneys!!
5	I don't think there's a better place for a salad bar than Jason's deli. It's located downtown so it's an easy place to go to for lunch. When you get the salad bar you get everything all the fresh veggies the Redpepper hummis the free corn muffins the chocolate mousse the free ice cream at the end of your meal seriously what could be better?
3	I have has Jason's before at catered luncheons and always enjoyed it,  but never ate in. Salad bar is a five! Very well stocked with everything you could want! However, I ordered the Mediterranean Wrap and it wasn't very good. The tortilla wrap was too thick/firm and the filling seemed meager. I wouldn't order it again. So disappointed!
5	I ordered some food for my staff and the dates got mixed up. The manager made it right and made sure we were on track and happy. Quality is always great :)
