4	The heart of Wildflower is its bakery, and it seems like the restaurant sprung from that. Their menu is wide-reaching, with anything from scones to fritattas, roast beef sandwiches to smoked salmon alfredo. I have been partial to the pasta, but have heard solid reviews of the breakfasts and sanwiches, as well. It is essentially comfort food at its most basic level, and they don't do much to rock the boat beyond that. It is at the same time my critique and my endorsement of Wildflower that they stay so true to comfort food recipes. Part of me would like to see something a little more adventurous and innovative, but further consideration makes me concede that my favorite aspect here is that you know what to expect when you order. The food is fresh and fast and the service is good, without much deviation from their traditional ingredients.
3	3.5 Stars.  Wildflower is good stuff, but I have to say when it comes to fancy sandwich places I think Paradise Bakery does it better.  We're lucky to have both in abundance in our little burg.My usual sandwich orders are the turkey and brie and the roast beef and gorgonzola - with the latter being my favorite.  I'm not a fan of the tomato bread salad that comes with each sandwich though.  It seems like they don't know what else to do with left-over bread so they concoct some kind of soggy salad out of old bread to use as fillers for the sandwich dishes.  NOT a fan.  The pasta is pretty good.  I usually get the pesto linguini with chicken, and always end taking left-overs home.If you're there early enough, their breakfast ain't bad either.  The ham, egg and swiss sandwich is decent and comes on a tasty ciabatta roll. If you fly solo - no fear- you've got the newspaper-filled round table to sit, veg out and read.Isolated incident.  But once when we were eating out on the patio we got solicited by a drunk hobo who was on the verge of passing out.  Gosh.  He could have at least shared his liquor....
4	Girls love carbs. And the fact that Wildflower has bread in it's very name is a thumbs up for me. My office cohorts and I eat here often for lunch and we are never disappointed. The sandwiches are tasty and fresh, the soup is always good (I recommend the chicken coconut curry) and the pastries are top notch(chocolate croissants!). And they have bread...enough bread to fulfill every carb lovers wildest dreams.One complaint: Please get rid of the nasty tomato-bread gunge that comes with the sandwiches. It looks like bird regurgitation. It's as if Wildflower said, "What should we do with all this leftover bread? I know! let's mash it up, add some tomato flavor to it and present it as if it were a salad."Kudos to the samples of lotion in the ladie's bathroom however. A very nice touch.
5	I am so grateful to finally get a Wildflower in the neighborhood.  I love all the pastries there, and their hot breakfasts, soups, salads, sandwiches, and pastas hit the spot throughout the day.  Service is brisk when you order a cook-to-order item: order at the counter, sit down with a color-coded table sign, and a serviceperson delivers the food to your table in minutes.  I haven't noticed a big lag in wait time, even at peak hours.   Best of all, because of the quasi-fast food setup, it's a setting you can feel comfortable dining in whether alone or with a group of friends.A big con: the convergence of Pei Wei, Wildflower, and Pita Jungle make the shopping plaza this location is situated in a nightmare to negotiate through during lunch hours.
5	Love it.Love it.I'm slightly obsessed with their lemon ricotta pancakes.  I love their breakfast sausage.  I love their mocha drinks.  I love their prices.I do not like the big lines that sometimes build upBut the food and cheap prices make up for it.Love you Wildflower.
5	Panera Bread. That's what I thought of when I first walked in. Wildflower is to Phoenix as Panera is to Oklahoma City, where I used to live. Yet, I wasn't quite accurate with that. You see, Wildflower goes above and beyond your typical bread company/eatery. Sure, places like Panera are great but Wildflower is in a league of its own. Lucky for me, I knew what I wanted right away, which is unusual when I first encounter a new, exciting array of options. I chose their chicken basil chili and 1/2 their roast beef & Gorgonzola sandwich. Both were perfect - really. The chili was festive without being overly filling, for the 1/2 sandwich was a generous portion of sourdough bread, fresh tomatoes, red onions, lettuce, peppers (so good!) and Gorgonzola cheese. Plus, their herb mayo was an added touch I could enjoy (and I usually hate mayo). My lunch companion ordered their black bean soup with a 1/2 turkey breast and brie sandwich. It looked equally perfect, with huge slices of brie satisfying my cheese-lovin' friend. Plus, the price for this pairing was reasonable - just under $8. My friend got a pretzel for us to share. It was definitely good, not to mention one of the biggest pretzels I've ever seen! In fact, I don't think there was anything I didn't like about this place. When you walk in, you immediately see their vast selection of breads and sweets. Their menu is also diverse with a variety of options. You could probably eat here every day of the week and find something new and delightful with each experience. I say experience because that's about what it is. You order your food at the register and get a table marker to place on your table. Shortly after, your meal comes hot and lookin' divine - really. While this is a get-your-own-beverage place, you can enjoy some of the perks of being waited on, like your food being delivered with clean silverware, as well as your plate being cleared when you finish. I like that alot. Then you can enjoy a few moments post-meal to chat with your comrad(s).In the middle of the restaurant is this over-sized beautiful light (chandelier style) that looks like roots sprouting flowers. It's something, alright. I made the comment that I'd have that in my house, if I owned one - a house, that is.. Sure, that may be a bit over-the-top, but it's indicative of how I felt while dining here for lunch. Granted, I give my companion some credit, for I always enjoy her company. Also, she's the one who suggested we eat here. For that, I owe her - perhaps I'll spring for lunch next time (great excuse to make a return visit). GOOD NEWS! I think I found my new favorite place to dine when I'm craving soup, a gourmet sandwich or fresh salad. They also serve breakfast, have a kids section of the menu and whip up some fantastic cafe beverages, including ones that tempted me: the roasted honey cappuccino and the peppermint hot cocoa. I definitely need to make a repeat visit, try their different breads and indulge in their breakfast menu, which is served until 2 p.m. on weekends. I mean, c'mon, can you really resist the roasted tomato feta & egg sandwich or the lemon ricotta pancakes? I didn't think so.
5	I love this place!  The best soup/sand which combo you can find.  You must try their BLT Plus sandwich if you like that type of thing...all of their soups are amazing.  Even the vegetarian ones, which i get mainly...and normally I'm not into the vegetarian thing!  I have not tried the breakfast, but if one were closer to me, I would guarantee you, I would buy stock in the place and throw away my pots and pans!  Plus, they have wonderful sweet treats to put an end to a fabulous lunch!  Their bread for sale is wonderful and makes amazing sandwiches.
5	I love this place too!  Sure it is a chain, but everything they have is wonderful.  I mostly go there to pick up breakfast I really love the Honey-Cured Ham & Brie Frittata it has eggs, ham, brie, sauteed apples, sage and leeks, served with Wildflower Home Fries and buttered toast... so yummy.  There soups are very good and so are the sandwiches that I have tried.  As for the pasta dishes my favorite is the butternut squash ravioli... to die for!  Also at this particular location they sell certain items by the quart like their soups and meatballs with sauce and it is a good option if you are looking to make a quick pasta dinner.
4	This place is great . You order at the counter and they bring your food out. There is a nice big dining area and seating is almost always available.  I have had the Honey-Cured Ham & Brie Frittata for breakfast and they are generous with the brie, I've also tried the Banana Walnut Pancakes that were delicious. For lunch their Grilled Cheese and BLT rock. Dinner I have tried all the pasta but the Butternut Squash Ravioli(butternut squash ravioli topped with roasted walnut cream sauce and nutmeg) is my favorite. They also have excellent ice tea and lemonaid and tons of pastries and sweets. This is a great place to go for a quick, fresh, sit down meal.
3	I'm going to go against the *grain* here and say that I hate this new artisan bread movement. I miss the days when bakeries made warm fresh soft bread composed mostly of butter and white flour. I blame Atkins and his "fuck you, bread" campaign... it's not like America is any less fat today for all his efforts. Wildflower is pretty much another one of those artisan bread bakeries... dry, stale tasting, and mostly crust. Given that, I'm not partial to their sandwiches. I thought I'd like their grilled cheese, but once I was done gnawing on my fried sea sponge oozing with oily cheddar, I realized I was wrong. If I could sum up their sandwiches in one word, that word would be "dry" - but I could easily think of a dozen others that would be suitable substitutes, and none of them are flattering. Aside from that, they have awesome salads and pasta and you can't really beat the price for what you get. I think they have good ingredients and for these reasons alone, this place would get 4 stars... they lose half a star (which is why I dropped them down to 3) because their tables are always filthy and covered with someone's dirty plates. 90% of the times I've been here, I've had to clear my own tables. Most people are huge fans of Wildflower and I do like it... I'd just rather eat at Pita Jungle if I'm in this area. It does make for a great alternative if Pita is packed. It's certainly cheaper and quicker.
2	I was pretty pumped to check this place out...and was INCREDIBLY let down!  I'm up in Phoenix once a month with my National Guard unit and I love to try new places up here, so when one of my SGTs was headed to this place for lunch and invited me and another soldier along, we were in!  It sounded tasty and interesting...I'm always up for soup and sandwiches.Looking at the menu, I was impressed.  Huge variety, interesting ingredients...sign me up.  We didn't have much time to decide and, as a perpetually indicicive individual, I decided to jump in and go for the first thing that sounded interesting/tasty.  Roasted sweet potato sandwich...AWESOME!  Here is where it starts to go downhill...after telling the girl behind the counter that it was my first time here and asking what I could get with my sandwich ("does it come with soup, chips, a drink?") I was told that I could have slaw or chips.  I went for a half sandwich and  the chips, even though my distaste for the available options was obvious.  THEN I asked for a cup of soup (cream of carrot...pretty tasty).  Does the girl behind the counter (who eventually turns out to be the manager) let me know that this place has a 1/2 sandwich and cup of soup combo?  Oh no!  She lets me pay more for something I didn't want in the first place...AFTER I asked if soup was an option as a side!  However, I did not discover this EGREGIOUS act until I witnessed the other soldier I had come with pay for her food and get this deal.Let me say that I have worked in the food service industry and if I had heard a customer complaining as loudly as I was, I would have gotten my manager to have them fix the problem.  If I WAS the manager, I would have done something to make it right.  In this situation, nothing happened, even though the manager was RIGHT THERE.  And when I approached the counter to ASK for a manager, the MANAGER disappeared into the back, leaving me to question another employee.  Needless to say, I found the service deplorable and refuse to return to this establishment based soley up this fact.The food?  Not good enough for how much I paid for it.  My sandwich was interesting, but not in the "MMM I can't get enough of this" kinda way.  I didn't finish it...too much "interesting" in one place.  The soup was pretty good.  The best part of my meal?  The cookie I paid $1.75 for...most expensive cookie I've ever had.  Overall rating..this meal was not worth the time, money or energy I spent ranting about it.
3	This place can be a bit crowded. They dissapointed me on St. Patricks day by selling out of soda bread by noon. Hello-! workin' Irish girls need bread too! However the blueberry bron stugar waffles with orange spread instead of butter make up for it!
4	Incredible pancakes: banana walnut, lemon ricotta, blueberry & brown sugar, or just plain if you're a total lame-oid. Amazing French toast, too: cinnamon raisin, or stuffed with whipped cream cheese & blueberry compote if you wanna be a gluttonous pig like me. Be a gluttonous pig like me! Be a gluttonous pig like me!The breakfast sandwiches are good, too - but not nearly as indulgent :(Reasonably priced too, everything on the breakfast menu is right around 6 bucks.
1	Poor service on weekends AND my to-go order was messed up.  Will never come back here.
3	God, I miss Panera Bread.  That said, this place is a distant second.  It's soups and salads are very good.  The sandwiches are consistent and good for a casual lunch.  Bakery is ok.
4	Decided to stop in here after a late evening run to the post office on Van Buren. Don't know if it was the time I was there (8:00 PM on a Monday) or the weather (storm coming in) but there weren't very many people dining...which was extremely nice. Very laid back, very quiet, very relaxing. I have been here before on weekend mornings when it's packed (still enjoyable though) and being able to see it in 'down-time' mode made me enjoy it even more.Ordered the lemon penne pasta...something that's always caught my eye on the dinner menu but never tried. And one of their passion fruit iced teas to drink. You order at the counter, they give you a sign to put on your table, then bring the food out to you. Got my iced tea at the self-serve beverage center and made my way to a table. A few tables seemed a little messy but there was an employee busing and cleaning them. Wildflower seems to be one of those 'leave it...we'll clean it up for you' places. My pasta was brought out to me in a few minutes...by that time I had my laptop set up. One of the best things about Wildflower is they have TWO outlets at each booth for laptops....and free wi-fi. A quiet evening, internet, and pasta....what could be better?The lemon penne pasta was wonderful.....penne pasta, spinach, and tomatoes in a lemon cream sauce  topped off with some fresh lemon wheels and a little mozzarella ball. Very lemony...you gotta' like lemon to enjoy it. It is served with some of their bread which was hearty and crusty...a perfect compliment to the tartness of the lemon cream sauce.I didn't opt for dessert this time...all though I have in the past. Their toffee torte is pretty darn good. The desserts and baked goods are all prominently displayed next to the counter where you order so you can 'save room' for them I'm sure.One more thing....I'm not much of a coffee person. Yeah, I'll have coffee but it all just kind of tastes the same to me....coffee is coffee is coffee. But for some reason when I've had their coffee on weekend mornings it just tastes AWESOME. Can't quite remember if it's called 'house blend' or 'morning blend' or something like that...but it's good. It's the only coffee where I can tell a difference. Just a very enjoyable dining experience.
4	Mmmmm....sooouuuupppp!Wildflower is THE place to go when you're craving a big, hot, tasty bowl of delicious soup! Yum!! I've probably had all but a few of the flavors and each is consistently delish. Haven't tried any other menu items, but they all look fantastic.
4	Definitely agree with Alicia B that this place is a better version of Panera (which, as an aside, apparently used to be much better when it was a St. Louis chain and not a national enterprise with 1000+ stores). What always disappoints me about Panera is that the sandwiches sound really good in the menu descriptions but are rather disappointing in their ingredient quality and execution. Luckily for me, Wildflower, which is only 3 minutes from my office, has great-sounding sandwiches that live up to their descriptions. So far, I've tried the Roasted Sweet Potato sandwich (with roasted sweet potato, fresh mozzarella, fig confit, tomato, arugula, marinated fennel and balsamic vinaigrette on herb foccacia), which was absolutely wonderful. I was worried that the ingredients were random and wouldn't necessarily fit together, but I found that the sweetness of the sweet potato and fig combined perfectly with the creaminess of the mozzarella, the bitterness of the arugula and fennel, and the acidity of the balsamic. What a truly impressive vegetarian sandwich! I also love the Mixed Grill sandwich (featuring ham, roasted turkey breast, swiss, cheddar, caramelized onions, dill pickle, and honey mustard on herb bread). It's a lot simpler than the Sweet Potato sandwich but still features great, fresh flavors that all go really well together. Both sandwiches are really large and are only $7.19 (including a side).I'm giving Wildflower a 4 rather than a 5 because the side (the signature slaw) and cookie (cranberry oatmeal) I tried weren't as impressive as the sandwiches. I much prefer the slaw from City Bakery and the cookies from Panera. All in all, though, Wildflower really impressed me, and I am sure I will return many times to get a great gourmet sandwich for a relatively low price. I've also heard great things about the pumpkin soup, so I will have to try that at some point soon.
3	Eh. I'm giving Wildflower a 3 star because I was really underwhelmed at the breakfast food here. It was relatively bland and overpriced. The bread was good, but the eggs and potatoes were not. I tried the pumpkin Carmel latte and it was probably the worst tasting thing I ever had. I have eaten here one time prior and had a pasta dish that was really good, so maybe it's just the breakfast items. Service is fine and the food came out pretty quick. Good location.
4	Holy crap. I have found the holy grail of veggie sandwiches. As anyone who eats with me often knows (and as you can probably tell from my reviews), I tend to prefer vegetarian lunch options than meat ones. Even though I'm not a vegetarian, I'm picky about meat quality and I often don't think meat adds much to sandwiches, so I tend to stick to sandwiches with roasted vegetables and cheese or a pita with hummus/falafel. Anyway, I had already tried the roasted sweet potato sandwich at Wildflower - although the fig confit was a bit too sweet for me, it definitely went well with the mozzarella and the sweet potato. Then, last week at work, I tried the Portabello Picnic (roasted portobello, zucchini, eggplant, roma tomato, arugula and herb goat cheese on grilled Pasilla Chili Rye) and thought it was really, really good. Often, restaurants totally overcook portabellos and eggplant but this portobello, eggplant, and zucchini was tender (but not mushy) and tasted perfectly fresh. The herb goat cheese and slightly savory rye bread complemented each other and provided the perfect finishes to the delicious roasted vegetables. Loved every bite!Even if you're not a vegetarian, I think you will find this sandwich hearty and satisfying.
3	dear wildflower,okay, i forgive you.  we can be friends again.  now that i KNOW that you can get a half sandwich & soup, i did...and it was pretty tasty.  garlic tomato soup and the chicken salad...nothing amazing, but decent.  the reason you get another star was the service this time.  dude behind the counter was awesome, you should give him a raise, wildflower!  he got me samples of the soup and was super patient waiting for me to puzzle thru my complicated monkey mind to decide what sounded good.  a word of advice, you should put more salads on your menu for the "wildflower two" option.  three salads is not enuf to pick from, ESPECIALLY when one is a caesar!  anyway, like i said, i forgive you.  but, srsly, don't call or text every day...we aren't that kind of friend.  if i see you, i see you.  and, srsly, don't piss me off again...i don't want to have to egg you.bisdan,ally
3	We had a pretty good breakfast here.  I had a sausage & egg sandwich, scrambled eggs, sausage, green onion, roasted red pepper, cheddar and cilantro on a buttered ciabatta Roll.  The egg filling was very good, but the ciabatta roll was kinda tough and hard to eat.  B.J. had the egg breakfast and pancakes.  They were pretty good.  I wasn't really excited about the place, it was okay.
3	Wildflower is better than Panera but still not my first choice for lunch.  It's on the same level as Paradise Bakery - maybe a tad nicer since they bring your food to you at your table.  Bread is fresh and homemade soups are decent as are the sandwiches.I've had the turkey and brie sandwich, the sweet potato sandwich, the grilled veggie salad, and perhaps a hummus plate awhile back.  Today I went with the "Wildflower Two" - my choice of two of the following: 1/2 sandwich, 1/2 salad, and/or soup.  I went with a 1/2 Turkey Brie sandwich and the split pea soup.  I kind of wished that I changed the bread on the sandwich as the herb bread just didn't quite do it for me, and I should have probably asked if the split pea soup had ham in it when I ordered (it did).I'll go to Wildflower on someone else's suggestion, but I will not be suggesting it anytime - that's how I ended up there today (my friend Laura's suggestion).  It's fine for what it is - a fast casual chain concept with decent food and fair prices (around $8 for lunch on average).  Again, not my first choice, but I'm ok eating at Wildflower every now and again.  There you have it!PS - I hope that the construction next door to this location is over soon - it's not fun listening to pounding noises over lunch with a friend.
3	This is definitely comparable to Paradise Bakery or Panera Bread, except that it's not a national chain (just Phoenix), which is always nice to patronize.But it's also a bit better. I go to Panera Breads in various parts of the country to use their free wifi (which is also available here at Wildflower), but rarely actually eat there because it's just not that good. Paradise is just gross most of the time, and I'll only eat there if I have a coupon.Where Wildflower separates itself from these places is the quality of the food: it's pretty good. The mass of sweets conveniently laid out at the entrance leads you to believe this right away. There are some great-looking cakes and breads, and they have some wonderful looking cinnamon rolls.But you're probably going for the breakfast. The nice thing about this place, tucked back into a newer strip mall on Indian School west of 44th, is that it shares its parking lot with a primarily dinner restaurant and a Cold Stone, both of which are not likely to be crowded at breakfast time. And this leaves plenty of parking in an otherwise relatively small lot.The place is busy and full of kids. There are booths on the walls, big tables in the middle, a small sidewalk patio outside and a big, round table in the middle of it all, strewn with newspapers and magazines. It's comfortable, although a bit frantic and noisy.I had the sausage and egg sandwich and a side of home fries, although you shouldn't believe for a second that it was simply a sausage and egg sandwich. It was more of a sausage omelet sandwich, as, mixed in with the eggs were cheese, green onions and red peppers, all on a ciabatta roll. It was nice for what it was, but I will say that I was disappointed by the sausage, which was definitely frozen and a little lifeless.The home fries were good, but overpriced: the tiny plate cost me $2. But I got approximately 1/2 red potato lightly fried (not greasy in the least) loaded with rosemary and possibly a little garlic. Very good.My companion had the ham and egg sandwich which, unfortunately, was exactly that: ham and eggs. To be fair, the ham was very good and had an excellent flavor, but it was just dull compared to my sandwich.And especially compared to some of the other options. Honey-Cured Ham & Brie Frittata? Feta & Roasted Vegetable Frittata? Yum! Then there were also interesting sounding pancakes and a french toast option. Very nice!Not much of a service place. You order up front and your food is brought to you. You're then left alone. I asked for ketchup and tabasco for my home fries, and was told that I couldn't get my own but that it would be brought to me. It never came, but that was fine, because I ended not needing them.I also take issue with the fact that they call theirs a "homestyle" breakfast. I'm not sure from which home they came, but, at my house, we did not cook breakfasts which involved brie, roasted tomato or lemon ricotta. Maybe I was disadvantaged, but I think of "homestyle" as simple eggs, bacon, toast and maybe some sort of potato or biscuit dish.It's not a bad thing to not be served a mound of greasy, homestyle goodness on a morning when I would rather eat otherwise, but I feel that it's misleading to refer to this as such.Also, for Tucsonans, this is completely unrelated to the "Wildflower" there, but that becomes very obvious as soon as you see this place.
4	Bumping up Wildflower to 4 stars from three...Since my last review, I've been back twice - both times I experienced wonderful customer service and new menu items that I thoroughly enjoyed.  I highly recommend both the berry yogurt parfait and the chopped salad.  I believe that it's all about ordering the right thing off the menu, and I found my 'right thing' in the chopped salad... It reminds me of the Cowboy Ciao salad - only it's $8... That's right - I said $8 for a salad with grilled Atlantic salmon, arugula, Israeli couscous, feta, red peppers, dried sweet corn, dried cranberries and sunflower seeds.  It looks like a piece of art when It's served; and then they come toss it up with a Pesto Vinaigrette tableside for you if you'd like.  What a treat!  I hope this becomes a standard menu item in the future.I've also been back to Paradise Bakery and can no longer compare the two... Wildflower blows Paradise away in my eyes.  I will for sure return to this or one of the other seven Valley WBC locations again for an affordable, fresh, delicious meal real soon.  I may even recommend it!****Free WiFi and delicious Iced Tea are additional perks as well as the mighty fine looking selection of breads and baked goods!
3	The menu, service, room, and food all seemed to be aligned when I stopped by. There was no line, plenty of tables, none of the children others have commented about and a very pleasant group of diners.The menu choices were impressive - it wasn't hard to find something to eat for breakfast at 11:30am. I ordered the Feta & Roasted Veggie Frittata without the feta. It arrived so fast, I didn't have time to open the paper I brought to read. The potatoes were delish, not greasy (at least not greasy to me) and the bread was wonderful. Okay, I don't have bread very often (or potatoes), so I really enjoy it when I do indulge. When I ate the eggs, I realized how much better free range eggs taste and need to go bump up my rating for Matt's Big Breakfast. What a difference in the quality of eggs. The roasted veggies were good. Overall, very satisfying.I bought a pretzel for later and it was yummy too.I would definitely go back.
3	This is a chain, but not all chains have to be bad news. They're Arizona-based, so if you live here, why not patronize their business? The money is still staying in your state. Most chains are bad news and grace the armpits of major cities like rampant pubic lice (also known as "strip mall Hells"), but these guys might restore your faith in that all-too-often abused model, a little.Somehow, though, they still reminded me a bit of a tiny Souplantation where the food is brought to you and the menu is innovative. It's probably just the pale wood interior and glass sneeze guards. But these people are reviving the ancient art of breadmaking and turning it into something trendy and accessible to people who don't eat at anything but chains. ( I saw a picture of someone making bread in a book in an antique shop once.) They need at least some kudos for this. On to my meal: the Caribbean Jerk chicken salad is pretty darned good. I didn't find it spicy enough, and I would have put fresh thyme, some shallots, scotch bonnet peppers, and the tiniest breath of allspice in it, but I did field research in the Caribbean and know how that stuff is supposed to taste. This was the first Caribbean jerk anything that I've ordered on any menu and didn't find deeply disappointing. The size of the salad was perfect--not too big (salads don't keep well as leftovers), and not too small (it was sufficiently filling and I'm 6'3"). The pieces of nondescript bread on the side were homemade, so how could I complain?My wife's roast beef with gorgonzola cheese was gone before I could demand my own bite. Her little sister's roasted sweet potato sandwich (carb-on-carb seemed redundant, but what else can vegetarians really eat?) was also much appreciated by the little sis, and was gone before I could bully the slightest smidgen out of her. There wasn't much service, but it was fast; the atmosphere was industrial, but I saw a lot of cool combinations of ingredients. I would have liked to have seen less of a "we're trying to make mega bank and stick only to things we know we do well" atmosphere, but a chain is a chain to some degree. There are also very few items for people with gluten allergies or who can't eat bread. But for lunch on a Sunday afternoon in strip mall Hell, this place was more than adequate, earning it an "A-OK" rating of three stars. Most chains have a repulsive formula, but this chain's formula is far less odious than most.
4	Stopped by for a quick breakfast last Saturday and was greeted by a tempting display of muffins, bagels, and other delectable goodies, all of which I passed up in favor of something with more sustenance.There is plenty of seating, both booths and tables, including a large round cocktail table if you just want to relax while you drink your coffee and read a paper.  Might be useful if I was a coffee drinker or a paper reader.  Order at the counter, and they will serve you when it's ready.  I had the ham and egg sandwich (scrambled eggs, Taylor ham, swiss cheese).   Simple, yet delicious.  The ciabatta roll made the sandwich, of course.    There was so much filling, I couldn't finish it, but I ate every last crumb of that roll.I'm glad Wildflower isn't too far from me, but I'm also glad it's not too close, or I would be in serious trouble here.
4	Bless these folks for letting us sit in a pleasant, non-crowded setting, with whole tables and use free wi-fi.  With their wonderful and affordable 1/2 sandwich/soup deal and an iced tea I can sit and do homework for a few hours.  (Their roast beef and gargonzola sandwich with roasted red peppers is a nice variation...)  They have good lighting, decent music and lots of outlets to plug my laptop into.  This is a much more tolerable way to study than that little crowded coffee place....
5	This is the place for me.  As someone who struggles with the demons of greasy and heavy fast food this menu has several light, flavorful, vibrant, and healthy options.  The flavor, execution, prices, and customer service easily exceed those offered by its predecessor, Paradise Bakery.Wildflower has earned my regular patronage and allegiance and here are the primary reasons why.- Reasonably priced and incredibly tasty menu.  Great dishes such as butternut squash ravoili, salmon alfredo, veggie sandwich.  - Perfect place to help mitigate my guilt when I feel like I've eaten too many burritos or burgers.- Free Wifi.- Great breakfast menu. (Yogurt Berry Parfait is in a parfait class all its own)- Very accommodating staff.  They aim to please and it shows in their appearance, demeanor, and efforts to accommodate any special requests you might have.
4	Yesterday I wanted something refreshing, light, healthy and quick to eat. So I decided to stop by The Wildflower Bread Company. I'm so glad I did! The food was very delicious and what I ordered was perfect! This is way better than the typical fast food joint. I order a half Almond Tuna sandwich and a side wildflower salad. I got my food in under 10 minutes and I went around 2pm so it wasn't that busy. I can just imagine what the lunch hour is like...this place is awesome! They also have an impressive dinner menu. I had no idea! And it's very affordable. The service was great and the atmosphere is very easygoing and comfortable. I ordered my food to go and the person that waited on me offered me a glass of water! Very nice touch. I will be coming here on a regular basis. I just wish I was a visitor to this restaurant a lot sooner than yesterday!
4	Yummy egg breakfasts.   The staff is very friendly and helpful.Great environment.  Free wifi.Also....there is usually a community copy of the NY Times you can snag to catch up.  I love that they keep their staff happy and they don't turn over every three weeks.   A real sense of community.Parking is a bit scarce around lunch time....but I'm usually there for breakfast/coffee so I never have a problem.
4	A co-worker and I wanted to go off of our regular route for lunch so we headed over to Wildflower Bread Company for a change of pace. So glad we did!Their menu is pretty big - lots of salad, sandwiches and soup options. They also carry many baked goods that looked really yummy. I ordered the beef stew with fruit salad combo (I love combos!) and my friend ordered a salad. We sat down and our food was served almost immediately.The portions are very generous. My beef stew was what you could call hearty. Big chunks of beef, potatoes and veggies. Even the broth was thick and flavorful. It tasted fresh made, not out of a can. My fruit salad was fresh as well and had lots of strawberries, grapes and pineapple. Nothing worse than fruit salad that's nothing but cantaloupe. The fruit was served on top of greens with some kind of yogurt - very tasty. The sweet and light fruit was a nice counterbalance to the heavy stew. My meal also came with bread so needless to say I did not go home hungry.The only downside to this place is the parking. There are a lot of restaurants in this strip mall so lunchtime gets really busy. We had to park pretty far away from Wildflower and walk over. Not a big deal when it's nice out but in the summer it could get kinda hot.
4	4/7/10Have I mentioned how I love the cranberry scones at Wildflower Bread Co.??  They're very moist and studded with gorgeous dried cranberries... My favorite part to eat, being a crunchy food-lover, is the super-flaky, caramelized crust!  The only reason I don't rate w/ 5 stars is because the last time I bought a few from this location, the crust flavor tasted "off," as if another lipid was used to cook them with, or that the butter used was slightly rancid.  They definitely did not taste as fresh as the others I've purchased here before.
4	Great customer service.  Wonderful atmosphere.  Turkey pastrami was amazing.  Chocolate cake was delicious.  Carrot was just decent.  Two sandwhiches with chips and two pieces of cake was just over $24.00.  Sandwhiches had just the right amount of meat & toppings.  They respond really well to special orders.  new location opens in Scottsdale on Scottsdale & Indian Bend June 15th!
3	First time at this chain.I had the Ham and Brie Frittata with a large coffee, and my partner had the Sausage and Egg sandwich with a Mocha Mania.We both thought that while the flavours were very nice, the portions seemed a bit small for the price.ETA: While at the time, we both thought the portions were a bit small, my partner later changed his mind when he realized that he was still not hungry about 6 hours later.I will admit it was my first time having a frittata, so I may have been expecting the wrong thing. I was thinking it would be more of an open faced omelette, or a scramble, and it was more of an 'egg pancake'...
4	Wildflower Bread Company knows how to make my mouth water. It started a couple of years ago when I discovered this flour filled bread company during a lunch break. I walked into the smell of fresh bread, pastries and desserts staring at me in the face and sandwiches and salads heaping with toppings. There is a well-known bread shop in Tucson and I think Wildflower is the closest I can get to it in Phoenix. Wildflower knows how to present their food in a way that makes the viewer hungry on the spot. I've been in a room where Wildflower displayed their products and between the breakfast foods, the desserts, the bread and the presentation, I asked myself several times if they would notice if I snagged a taste when nobody was looking. I didn't, but it took every ounce of willpower not to do so. I like Wildflower because it's a great Valley shop to either come in for a meal or to pick up some treats for later. There's enough seating so I'm never without a table and the staff is friendly and attentive. I normally tweak the sandwiches when I visit and the bread and products are fresh and fabulous. Well done Wildflower!
5	Yummm! A quick salad  (my favorite is the Mediterranean) and iced tea on a hot day, it's always fresh and the staff is always fab! I still rate it the best lunch spot  on my list.If your one to partake in dessert, try the delicious chocolate cake.  It's even better than it looks and it is beautiful!
4	I cant get enough of the Chicken Pesto with Feta sandwich here.  This place has a great sandwich for a reasonable price.My only complaint is that they literally put mushrooms on EVERYTHING, but, if you are a mushroom fan, live it up. On another not, if you like fresh lemonade, you must get a glass of it here.  It goes great with any sandwich.If you are in a Pasta mood, The chicken pesto pasta is excellent.
4	This review is long overdue.  I'm apparently at this Wildflower so much I just became "Mayor" of it on FourSquare, and I suck at FourSquare so I never become Mayor of anything but I am probably at this place once a week or more so I suppose I deserve it. My usual is the half roast beef and gorgonzola sandwich and a half soup or salad (depending on how hot is it outside).  The sandwich is heaven in sandwich form. The roast beef is perfectly rare and the gorgonzola is really piled on there and very tasty. The Chopped Salad is another really good option that I partake in when I feel like behaving myself. Something about it (I think it's the couscous) makes it really filling for something I would imagine to be pretty low calorie (I don't know for sure because the nutrition information on their website has been "Coming Soon" forever. I'm half waiting for it in anticipation to figure out what I should be ordering, and half dreading finding out that my beloved roast beef sandwich is 1000+ calories, so wish me luck on that.)Finally, the chocolate chip scone is absolutely delicious and practically loaded with chocolate chips.  Plus, it's in the shape a flower and if you don't appreciate flower shaped pastries, I don't want to know you.As far as service goes, everyone is very friendly. However, I am consistently confused by their ordering protocol. You'd think, as their mayor, I would get some kind of instruction manual, but I haven't yet and it baffles me. Basically, they take your order at a counter, then someone delivers your food at a table, then when you're done you kind of awkwardly sit there and wonder whether it's appropriate to leave your empty dish there for said food runner to pick up, or if it is up to you to place your dirty dishes in the bus trays located very obviously around the restaurant. And what about tipping? I don't know! I usually end up putting my own dish in the bus tray in addition to leaving $1 on the table, just to cover all of my bases, but yeah, it's quite the dilemma and I'm way too neurotic to be put in situations like that, so that would be my only complaint. This isn't really Wildflower's fault, but more the doings of my own Larry David-esque idiosyncrasies which ensure I will make any situation I become part of as uncomfortable as humanly possible.  So take that for what it's worth.Personal issues aside, I'd definitely check out Wildflower for the food and pastries. Plus if you go to this location and check in on FourSquare you get to see my smiling face, so that's clearly a bonus. I'm a fan!
4	I stopped by for the most delicious potato/cheese soup.  Ahhh... comforting, flavorful and just delicious.  A few nights later, I had the absolutely pleasure of tasting a variety of Wildflower's offerings at a Yelp Event.  The butternut squash ravioli was incredible.  I could've eaten a few platefuls of that goodness... but I had to save room for the turkey/cranberry/stuffing sandwich, which was like a little bite of Thanksgiving.  I need to return to try the huge number of pastries and other baked goods... and work my way through the rest of the menu.  This is definitely a place that will be in my regular rotation of quick-stop spots.
4	I've been eating at this location pretty regularly since they opened it. What's not to like about Wildflower? The bread is terrific, I'm especially a fan of the $2 Dough to Go baguettes that blow doors off of anything from the other local bakeries. While the bread itself is great, my passion is the Grilled Turkey Pastrami. The first time I ordered this sandwich, I almost sent it back not realizing it had the "Wildflower Coleslaw," which just looked too busy for my palate. However, it turns out to be the secret ingredient, with its white raisins, cabbage, and jicama providing a sweet and crunchy texture to the perfectly seasoned turkey pastrami. My favorite part of dining at Wildflower? It's a local company. Yes, it's all sexy and looks corporate like a Panera Bread or Paradise Bakery, but it's an AZ company that contributes to the community. It's nice to know that if I get a gross sammi I can march up to Scottsdale and throw it at the CEO's head.
5	I cannot understand why I haven't visited this restaurant more...it's really good!Two of us went and both had the Double R Chopped Salad and both  agreed it was delicious! The greens were fresh, as were the veggies and meat. My hubby had the butternut squash soup and it was fab!This is a great place for lunch, but if you're with a group of friends that want to talk, be forewarned: it's LOUD in here!Still, GREAT FOOD and reasonable prices....we'll definitely be back for more!
4	I hear the breakfast is superb. Dinner was acceptable, but I ate diabetic, and that's not the best choice in this place. Tempting pastries and baked goods.
3	I prefer to patronize independent establishments, rather than chains.  But the Wildflower on 44th/Indian School is close to my work and always has soup.  I go fairly frequently for a bowl of soup and a side of bread.  It's nice that I can take my laptop and browse or work while I eat.  All I ever get is soup, and they're all perfectly acceptable.  The parking at this location is a challenge, as there are several restaurants and a Starbucks nearby.  I try to go just before or just after the lunch rush.  If I find myself eating around the typical lunch hour, I'll choose a different place.
5	I want to discuss the excellence of the food here, but first the bread alone is worth mentioning:Think of the best bread you can buy at a regular grocery store, even from their bakery.  Now imagine a bread that is much better, a solid 5 or 6 times better, and you have the Wildflower Bakery bread.  They offer a variety of artisan styles, and they will slice the loaves for you.  I say loaves, because you should buy at least two.Now on to the menu:This is a breakfast and lunch place.  All of the items that come with bread are, you guessed it, made with the wonderful bread  mentioned above.  All of the sandwiches are outstanding.  A few that stick out to me are:BLT sandwichSweet potato sandwichBeef Brisket sandwichAll of the breakfasts are healthy, tasty, and leave you feeling energized.  I wish Harlow's in Tempe had this type of food. Wildflower is delicious, fresh, and healthy.You order at the counter, and the food is brought to your table.  It always seems like you won't get a table when they are busy, but as if by the use of magic, we always get a table well before our food is ready.I have never had a bad experience, and the consistency of what they offer is astounding.  It impresses me when a company can be so good, so often.
4	Shortly after I posted my review on Yelp, I received an email from the owner of the Wildflower stores.  He wanted to assure me that Wildflower is a locally-owned chain (which I knew).  He let me know he belongs to Local First Arizona and the chambers of commerce in every city in which they operate (which I appreciate).  He offered to send me a gift card, so I could try other selections (which I also appreciate).  But what really bowled me over was his willingness to meet with me to hear any suggestions I might have for their menu.  Hey, if I was that much of a foodie, I probably wouldn't even EAT in restaurants; I would cook for myself.  But I was really impressed with how much the man cares for his business and his customers.  I'll be trying one of the salads about which my friends rave soon.  I'll keep you posted.
4	Wildflower continues to please my palate and I have recently become an even bigger fan of their breakfast. From fresh baked bagels to eggs sandwiches on their fresh baked bread, if I need a big breakfast I know exactly where to go to get one that's delicious, potentially nutritious and most importantly, speedy!
5	I'm updating Wildflower to 5 Stars because I'm eating a chocolate croissant from there as I write this and it's making my hangover significantly more bearable. Anything that can make me feel less like stabbing something the morning after a bender deserves all the stars it can get.
5	I have found my new favorite breaksfast/lunch spot! I love the much cozier and homey feel this place has as opposed to chains like Panera and Corner Bakery. We stopped in at Wildflower Bread Company over the weekend because I had heard great reviews about their freshly baked loaves of bread. We were just going to pick up a couple specialty loaves since we needed bread at home anyhow. Instead, we ended up staying for lunch after we got a peek at the menu and the dessert case. My fiance ordered the salmon alfredo and he loved it. This said a lot to me because he's normally not a pasta person. The salmon itself was really good - soft and flavorful. I had the butternut squash ravioli - one of my all time favorite pastas - and WBC's version did not disappoint. I loved the nutmeg flavor it had - perfect complement to the creamy sauce and the butternut squash. Both dishes came with big slices of grilled toast. The pasta portion sizes itself were perfect. Just the right amount to feel satisfyingly full but not overly stuffed like the portion sizes at Cheesecake Factory or Macaroni Grill. We ended our meal by splitting a lemon bar which also was devoured down to the last crumb.It was a later lunch for us (around 3pm) so it wasn't crowded inside but there were still a good amount of customers so it seems to be a favorite. Service was pleasant and fast and the menu has a wide variety of items that we're excited to go back and try more.
4	Went back to Arcadia's Wildflower Bread Company today for a farewell lunch for a coworker.  I started Weight Watchers on Sunday, so I prepared by going to the Wildflower website and calculating the "points" from their nutrition pages.  Thanks, Wildflower, for making that info available.  But, Holy Cats!  My friend had urged me to try their salads, which she loves.  The two salads for which I calculated "points" totalled 22 and 23 points.  My daily total is 29 points.  And salad is not great as a leftover.  I ended up with the vegetarian lentil soup.  I could eat the bread with butter and my total was still only 11 points.  Plus, I tried a new soup and am now a big fan of the tasty veggie lentil.  Parking was once again a challenge, but I was on my motor scooter, which enables me to improvise parking.
5	This place is my "old stand by," and somehow I end up here 1-2 times a week. I have tried maybe half of the menu by now, and I always gravitate to the Hummus Plate Salad.  It is so delicious. Vegetarian friendly, though I am a meat lover, and full of roasted veggies, hummus, perfect balsamic vinagrette and nine grain bread. Heaven on a plate :) And for under $10!!
5	Love this place- friendly staff with a variety of menu options and lots of yummy salads.  I almost always get a salad and have yet to find one that I don't like.  I haven't tried any pastas, but they look good.  The soups are always good too, but definitely ask for some bread to dip in the soup!
3	Really nice BLTs and Caesar salads...their secret ingredient in the salad is marinated mushrooms!
5	My boyfriend and I LOOOOOOOVE this place. The food is really good and reasonably priced. We mostly go here for breakfast and make a special request for chocolate chip banana pancakes which are the best I've had anywhere, and I've done my share of requesting those in many places. The pastries are great, the sandwiches and salads are awesome. You can't go wrong. I brought my parents when they came to visit and they love it too. Friendly staff, free internets and outlets at every seat is icing on the cake.
4	great food! service was ok, the cashier or waiter/waitress aren't too friendly, the food does takes a while to come out, one time out food takes 30 then so i manage to ask whats taking so long, turns out they never put the order in, so the owner or manager came out to talk to us he was so nice and apologetic.  he gave us a full refund on our meal and rush our order to come out first, he also gave us a $15 gift card for next time.... i still like this place even there are lil mistake here and there,what can i say bribery works hehe...
5	Everything I've ever eaten here has been delicious, and that includes the food I've taken off other people's plates!I have come here with my large (10+ people) family several times for breakfast, brunch, and lunch. Our order is always taken so promptly and the staff is so nice with the kids. We can always find a big clean table, very comfortable atmosphere.The tuna, the roast beef, the hummus, the bites of Mediterranean salad I took from my mom ... I can't even choose a favorite menu item. Oh, and the bakery... The piece of chocolate chip scone I swiped off my husband's plate last time was heavenly. There is such a great selection for breakfast too. The frittatas are light and healthy, and the stuffed French toast is a real treat - My little sister didn't even notice when I took a bite!This is the perfect place for breakfast and lunch. I will keep coming back any time I'm in the neighborhood!
5	This was my first time ever to eat here.  The staff is very friendly. Chicken and pesto sandwich was really good and the roasted garlic tomato soup is amazing!
4	Just had a Roast Beef and Gorgonzola sandwich for lunch there.  Hot Damn, that was some fine eating!I think I'll come back again, and again, and again.  BTW - breakfast is now served until 2:00pm on the weekends (10:30am during the week)  They open at 6:00am M-F and 7:00am on the weekendsParking is very tight for the lunchtime crowd, so try to be there NLT that 11:40am or you may not get a spot since there's more restaurants in that plaza than places to park! If you're just popping in to pick up a to-go order, this won't be an issue since they have the some to-go parking in front of the door.
4	If you like to try Fresh bread, you should try here.The vienna bread that I bought for the toast was pretty good.
5	Can you say yum! Finally a place that makes bread. The soggy dough in your average supermarket can't be called bread. As a European and a grand daughter of a baker, this place gets it. The only sad thing is that bread is pricey here. We went for breakfast here last week. Fabulous coffee and free refills. Awesome passionfruit ice tea ( I had to try both).Even the kids menu was great. Cute sand dollar size pancakes.Another plus, they have the Hero brand jelly. Great Swiss quality I used to back home. All fruity goodness without the high fructose corn syrup. Yay.Will be back many, many times and get the holiday bread. Willing to shell out a bit more to even buy their loaves.
5	yummmy...I live for their potato cream cheese soup in a bread bowl.  It is an obsession of mine...the bread bowl makes it that much better!  Then to top it off the cupcakes with chocolate frosting and the fruit tart is FABULOUS!!  The iced green tea with guava is refreshing!  I love going here for lunch and dinner...the asian chicken salad is awesome to!!!**I want to update**I give this place 5 stars because the customer service could not be better!  I will continue to go here forever!  Thank you Wildflower!!!**Update Again**I just need to say that the management and staff at this location are the most amazing people in the entire world!  They have the most wonderful food and I would just like to say the hummus plate with chicken in the most delicious thing in the world!  The new Cheddar Braised Beef sandwich...OMG its awesome!  This place deserves an award!
4	First time I went to Wildflower I was with my friend Jarrett.  It was me, Jarrett, and her 1yr old son T.    LOVE LOVE LOVED Wildflower from the moment we got our grub.  I've been back quite a few times.  And have gotten take out for J and myself for dinner.   His opinion - "It's alright.  A bit overpriced, but the sandwiches are okay.  They need to tone down the weirdness of their ingredient combos and that slaw crap they give you is just atrocious."  LOL Potato Cream Cheese soup - YUM!  So Yum in fact that on my first visit, T ate a good portion of my soup.  Kid tested recipe!  :)  Emerald Spinach salad - Very tasty!!!spinach, gorgonzola, bacon, red onion, spicy pecans, oranges, strawberries and red grapes with Balsamic Vinaigrette Their bread is almost a little too crusty for me, but its still good.  Friendly staff.  Speedy service!  Even when you place your order to-go upon arrival.   We'll have to go there to try breakfast in the future!
5	A great sandwich and salad place.   Our favorite is to share the Emerald Spinach salad and Beef/Gorgonzola sandwich, but everything else we have tried has always been good.  We don't lunch out offen but make a point of it when I start craving the fresh tasty offerings of Wildflower.
2	I've always known this place is a bit expensive, but the food is always fresh and I usually am really happy with the bakery stuff there. I had been having bad experiences (mostly with rude, poor, or non-existent service) at this specific location for awhile so I stopped going all together for a few months. I finally went back for some soup when I was sick and the service had made a remarkable turn around. Everyone was polite, the food was prompt and at top quality. Then I went today and they're back to their ways. Obviously couldn't count on the good service lasting too long. The guy who took my order either got it wrong or the person preparing the food disregarded it. I waited for my food for longer than I would have expected and when it didn't come I had to track someone down to ask to check on it. They had it sitting behind the counter. I asked how long it had been there and they replied "6 minutes".I asked why they hadn't called my name and he shrugged and walked away. By the time I got home my soup was lukewarm and my sandwich was soggy which makes me think the 6 minute time the food was sitting there was probably much more. The sandwich was also not prepared the way I had ordered it. Awhile ago, they would include a card in your to-go orders that said who prepared them and if they got it wrong, instructed you to call in (this may have been at a different Wildflower Bread Company location). I have to guess the reason this location doesn't use them is because their phone would never stop ringing. I'm incredibly disappointed.
5	Love, love Wildflower!  Great service, delicious fresh food, clean and bright spaces!  Locally-owned and community-minded!  My only frustration is you can't find a spot to park during the lunch rush as it's so popular!
4	Great place to hang out and do work if you want something a little more substantial than a coffee shop.  Can't say I'd recommend the espresso drinks but everything else is consistently good.  Spacious, free wi-fi with many electrical outlets.  Affordable, friendly staff and in a great neighborhood.
4	Wildflower is my favorite place to work away from home or the office during the week.  With free wifi and multiple wall plug-in's available at every single booth, you can set up there for hours (but be sure to buy food/drinks, don't be cheap if you're going to be there for the day!) The staff are great, always friendly and don't seem to mind too much when I camp out there for hours.  I like how brightly lit the place is, so many coffee shops are dim and dark and I would much rather prefer windows and seeing sunshine.  The place does always get busy, which provides for some nice distraction and people watching on occasion.   If you are planning on working or reading though, you may want headphones to drown out the noise or come before or after the lunch rush. As for the food, I have a few favorites. I really want to like the menu better than I do, but unfortunately I have a hard time here.  I try to eat fairly healthy, but am always tempted by their pastries.  I can't eat lettuce (weird, I know) but I wish I could because the salads do sound fantastic.  So I'm still looking for my "go to" staples, but I have a few recommendations.  First, the items to skip:  Chai tea latte  (I think I'm addicted to Starbucks, this one just doesn't cut it - not strong enough for me, but this is definitely a personal taste), lemon bars  -  lemon is my favorite dessert option and I just do not like these, they are too thick and dry.  I keep trying them too, thinking I just had a bad batch, but after several attempts, I now avoid these.   I had tried quite a few of the cold sandwiches, and am always left disappointed. So I tend to stick to other parts of the menu, but maybe you'll have better luck.  Let me know! On to the YES! side of the menu: For breakfast, the  Feta & Roasted Vegetable Frittata is awesome!  It is huge though, so share it with someone if you can (it's not great leftover, in my opinion).  The chocolate croissants are awesome if you are ready to splurge a little.  Yummy! My absolute favorite is the Wildflower Grilled Cheese.. mmm!  I've tried to replicate this at home, but can't even come close to Wildflower's version.  Three cheese: Swiss, Brie, and Cheddar...with tomato and argula.   Delish!  If you like grilled cheese, this is the grown up version that will kick your own to the curb.  Their soups are really good too.  The best one I've had is the stuffed green pepper soup.  Get it in a bread boule.  Amazing!  But it's only served 2 days a week, so keep an eye out for this little taste of heaven in a bowl.  And... you can't go wrong with any of their breads, of course.  It is a bread company, after all!!
5	Loved their taylor ham and egg sandwich! One thing about this place is the food isn't greasy or made you feel disgusting after wards as the serving was just right.
4	Was here about a week ago.Busy but not too busy to a seat could be had.Friendly folks working here and quick to get the food out.The sandwich was fine as they always are.The soup was good as well.Gus enjoys this place more than I, but for me it is fine enough that I do not go in kicking and screaming.I have never seen so many folks with laptops humming away and no sign of food next to them so I assume they have eaten and are now done. I guess the hazard of offering free wifi.
4	I went here today with my dad and my brother for lunch. I was unsure of going here when my dad first suggested it, but I'm glad we tried it! The place is a little like paradise bakery in set up (you order at the counter, seat yourself), but the food is much better and tastes less processed. My Dad and I split the chicken parm sandwich and the wildflower salad. I was glad to find out that the chicken parm has grilled chicken on it (not fried) and only one slice of bread, bringing down the calorie count significantly. Also, the sandwich had TONS of flavor as it had veggies in addition to the typical sauce, chicken, and cheese.... I would definitely order it again. The salad was tasty, but my brother's asian chicken salad was better. I like that they have all of the nutritional info available on their website...it makes it easier to determine what might be fairly healthy. Surprisingly, most of their sandwiches are around 900 calories! Made me think twice before ordering. Despite this, I will go back because the food is very flavorful. At least I know what I am eating, and I like that.
5	My Wildflower of Choice not only because the seating options are much more conducive to studying, but also because the way the soda and coffee layout prevents the clustering of people that makes the Pima location less than ideal.  Good coffee at a fair price, free wi-fi, and the Newt Glass work always makes me smile.
3	My family gets take out from here at least once a week. We love the salads, the soups and the pancakes. My one complaint is that they are often out of certain soups by 6-6:30 pm. My favorite is chicken basil chili but I can hardly ever get it because they are always out by dinner.
5	Best banana walnut pancakes in the valley.  They even serve the syrup on the side nice and warm to melt the fresh butter.  Tuna salad sandwich is also on my top five sandwiches.  Friendly staff, free wifi and plug ins for your laptop.  Could it be any better?
5	Oh.... Wildflower. If I could marry you I would, but my fiance would...not...approve....Where do I start? Everything about Wildflower is awesome. Every location I ever have been to, has been SO CONSISTENT, it is unreal. I can go to the location out in Prescott and enjoy the same friendly service and amazing food that they offer at this awesome location (I chose this one because its closer to me). I finally realize its becoming a chain, but they haven't sacrificed any quality since their expansion. I can't really recommend anything specifically on the menu, it is all so damn good. Really, I can't, and yes I know this is a review so I should have an opinion....Ok, honestly, I guess if you break my wrist for some more info I see their breakfast as the strongest portion of the menu, but I could be off when I make this assumption. I love the pancakes the most. Random, right? : Pancakes....simple, easy, I could make them at home (lies...I'd burn them). They have a banana nut pancake which is tubular (1 point for Jefe for the usage of tubular). I have had a lot on each menu, but the options for breakfast out-class most eateries in town. Even the bathrooms are clean and friendly....yes, I just jumped from pancakes to bathrooms. Deal with it.Come here and enjoy the food, no matter what time of the day. You will not be disappointed.
4	Great place for a fresh, crisp BLT sandy at lunch, any day of the week!  Av was a spread, tho...or it gets that coveted 5th star!Great part about this business is it's locally owned.  Yep, that's right.  I know the owners, well, I know who they are, and they invest back into the community.  So, I eat at this joint regularly not just for the great food and service.  Flagstaff and North Scottsdale locations are go-to's.
5	5 stars for what it is.  Go every week for muffin and coffee.  My favorite...Morning Glory muffins.  So bright, sunny, happy place to wake up.  Love sitting outside with the dog.  Lunches are very good, also.
2	What happened to this location?I've been coming here for years. I get to-go food after work at least once a week and dine-in occasionally for breakfast. I liked getting to-go food here because the food is good for the price and because the place operated like clockwork. No matter what it was 10-15 minutes for my order, the food was solid, and the staff was always on top of things.This location has done a 180. Orders consistently take 20-30+ minutes, to-go orders aren't always correct and the staff is just wandering aimlessly; both managers and hourly staff. This place could best be described as a ship without a captain. There's not enough people taking orders, food sits in the window with no one taking it out, to-go orders get ignored in the window; it's always a mess and no one seems to care and/or know what to do.Since I come here on a regular basis I'd like to see things improve and I went so far as to email the company--something I never do-- and the CEO himself replied and acknowledged that they were aware of issues at the Arcadia location and were working on it. That was 3-4 months ago and things are just as bad.I'm moving out of the neighborhood so it doesn't really matter to me anymore what happens here, but hopefully they turn it around for their sake.
4	Had a great lunch here with friends. It gets busy so be prepared to hunt for a table.My sandwich was fresh and filled with good quality turkey and the side salad was  fresh, crisp and delicious.I couldn't resist a few cookies to go - the chocolate chip was the winner between it and the sugar cookie.
4	A great go to place, with very tasty breakfast and sandwiches for lunch. Fresh and tasty high quality ingredients. All that work here are a great example of stellar customer and food service. We'll be back whenever we are staying at hotels nearby.
4	The food is excellent.  However, it is close to impossible to find a parking spot around lunchtime. Also, people using the free Wi-fi set up shop at the booths during the busiest hours and prevent others from having a place to sit.
3	Food is good, like how they have electrical plugs at most of the seating areas. Always friendly staff. Love the pesto pasta
4	Can't go wrong here whether you want to stay healthy or indulge your inner pig.
5	This is my most fav location of this chain.  So friendly.  Service is always fast, professional and with a smile.  These people really make you feel like part of the family.  Love the lattes and sourdough bread.  For breakfast the Ham & Brie Frittata can't be beat.
4	Fantastic bread, delicious sandwiches, and decent baked goods (my bran muffin was a bit dry, but cookies and scones are great).  The chicken and tuna salad sandwiches are awesome, especially the chicken.  It tastes fresh with big chunks of juicy chicken and a nice, creamy texture.
4	Why do I forget that you exist??  Delicious, fresh food and great atmosphere to work or meet people for coffee/lunch.  I tend to order the same thing every time because its SOOO good but today I finally ventured out and had the chicken pom salad.  Just like the other meals that I have had here, it was yum!   Two suggestions to get people like me to visit more  1)  prices are kinda expensive. I know its quality and youre a local biz but I would love to have some lower priced options so I can spend $10max for lunch.  Or 2)   Give us a frequent visitor card to encourage us to visit more frequently and aappreciate the value. Paradise Bakery which is direct competition but not as tasty (and coffee is way worse at PB) has a fantastic program which gets me (and other friends, biz owners) to visit.   Id also give a 5 star review if you addes a program such as (buy 10 coffees, get 1 free or buy 8 lunches, get one free).
5	My wife and I love Wildflower.  First time at this location and of course did not disappoint.  The sourdough is so fresh  and tasty.  I wish there were locations in California, but I am glad Arizona is not too faraway.
4	If imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, then consider Wildflower's Chopped Salad an edible tribute to The Original, Chopped Salad that is. Taking a leaf (ha!) out of Cowboy Ciao's playbook, Wildflower created a sumptuous version that mirrors, not copies, the salad so famous it has it's own Facebook page. Seriously. https://www.facebook.com/TheOriginalChoppedSalad  I've had the original and agree it's divine, but in the showdown of similarly named salads, my pick is the Chopped Salad from Wildflower and here's why: 1. Price. At under $8, I can (and do!) eat this salad weekly without worrying about my wallet. The Original Chopped Salad is a whopping $12. 2. Convenience: With multiple Wildflower locations, I can cave into my craving for this salad for lunch or dinner while in Phoenix or Gilbert or Scottsdale or wherever. 3. Size: In this case, size does matter and the Chopped Salad from Wildflower seems almost twice the size of the Original Chopped Salad. In the battle of chopped salads, I declare Wildflower the winner! You can get the recipe here: http://www.azfamily.com/community/blogs/arizona-cooking/Have-you-tried-Arizonas-State-Salad-231931881.html
1	Dont get the BLT! All you get is LT. For a 10 dollar sandwich there should be more than 4 small scraps of bacon. I will never go back
4	Yes, bread but -- the Turkey Waldorf salad, please!! It was so fabulous that I shopped for the ingredients and made it at home myself.  It is one big bowl of deliciousness. I can't speak to the bread, other than what comes with the salad (I'm trying to cut out bread). The bread that comes with this salad is particularly hard and I don't like that in bread...They have sandwiches and various salads, and breads and pastries. I'd try not to come during typical eating times because you may not have a place to sit.
3	Very busy and hard to find a seat. Maybe it's because Saturday morning. The food took much longer than usual. It's OK for quick breakfast. Food was still good tho.
2	This location has gone downhill.My boyfriend and I used to frequently come here for breakfast every weekend over the last four years. However, this place has really gone downhill over the last year or so. Our food used to come out relatively fast (10-15 minutes max). The last few times we've been there, it takes them at least 30 minutes. To top it off, my order of blueberry ricotta pancakes was wrong. They gave me the banana walnut pancakes instead. Told them it was ok and that I would eat them, mostly because I didn't want to wait another 30 minutes for my food. Luckily I'm not allergic to nuts, but this mistake could have been deadly for someone else. Manager came over and gave me a gift card because she felt bad. I'm not sure what has happened to this location, the staff doesn't seem motivated, the manager seems to have no control over the food or her staff. I don't believe we will be going back to this location anytime soon.
5	I love Wildflower. Who needs Panera or Paradise Bakery, this place is so much better. Lemon ricotta pancakes are awesome. Other breakfast items and sandwiches are consistently good. Love free coffee refills and free newspapers.One caveat: I heard they used to make the soups at each restaurant but now they have shifted to making these offsite. The soups are not nearly as good as they used to be...  bring back the white cheddar poblano please.
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy. Wildflower is a better version of Paradise Bakery. Sunny and pretty on the inside, with very friendly staff. You can find me here for lemon-blueberry ricotta pancakes after my Sunday morning hikes
1	I love the food and have never been to this location and never will go back to this location. My mother and I both got our usual lunch time items and we ended up being sick the rest of the day and into the following day and we had diagnosed food poisoning, plus that was all we ate the entire day. I will stick with the location in Scottsdale where we usually go but never this location again.
5	Yummy food. Nice people. It was pretty crowded when I went and I still got my food within a good amount of time.
5	Love this place!!  I have been to several locations and ordered many different salads.  The chopped salad is amazing....it is also super clean.  Like the special touches such as hand lotion in the ladies' bathroom and yummy different breads served with each meal.
4	The best thing at Wildflower is the Ham and Brie Fritata!!! I love that they change a few things on the menu frequently but the staples stay. They also have fantastic salads. If I order a salad I typically get the pomegranate chicken but my boss gets nothing but the Caesar every time he goes.I only have two complaints. One is the bread they serve with whatever I order is always a really hard crust bread that you need a chainsaw to eat. A friend told me you can request another type of bread but I never remember. So the bread I have been served I don't like. My second complaint is their wi-fi policy (or lack of). Wildflower really fills up at lunch and when I go there are always multiple people camped out with their laptops just sipping a drink. A few times I have seen them at tables for 2, but mostly they take the very desirable booths. Wildflower needs to change how friendly they are to "wi-fi campers".
2	Roast beef and Gorgonzola sandwich was okay... Hard to mess up. The soup I had and the soup my friend had were both cold and gross.
4	I got the mixed grill sandwich which was about $8. It was really good and different. However the price for how big the sandwich is was a little too much. Paradise Bakery has a better value but it was nice to have something different.
1	I used to grab breakfast at Wildflower all the time. Would also have off-sight work meetings there too. Over the past year or so the place has really started to slip in quality and service. The prices have gone up and the turnover in staff has not been good. Just this morning it took 30 minutes to get 3 egg whites scrambled and a side of sausage. Had the restaurant been busy I would understand some delay, but there were only 6 to 7 people there. Unfortunately for Wildflower I will not be back. Time to explore some new options!
2	Alright, I LOVE Wildflower! I have never run into any problems with any Wildflower location...until now. Unfortunately, every time I have been to this location, the staff have proved their incompetence.I moved close-by about 6 months ago because it was an ideal location for a foodie; Wildflower, Pei Wei, Pita Jungle, Postino, The Vig...so many good places within a mile or two of my place! Unfortunately, I have mostly stopped going to this Wildflower location. I have them given many chances, but the end result is still always the same: my order is wrong, I tell the staff (nicely), staff proceeds to argue with me about my order, I stand my ground, staff gets huffy and reluctantly goes to change their mistake then my order takes forever to correct, and they begrudgingly give me my food after I've asked about it three times. I have waited up to 45 minutes for a correction to my order!Needless to say, this has not dulled my opinion of Wildflower as a whole. The food is amazing and healthy! But, until there is a staffing makeover at this location, I will be hesitant to return. I will gladly wait until Sunday, when I visit my family, to visit the Gilbert location.I gave this two stars because the food is so fantastic :)
3	I decided to try something new today: Spring vegetable quinoa salad. I didn't like it. It tasted old. It was nothing special. I didn't finish even half of it.Thank goodness I got the potato cream cheese soup which was good as always!
2	Got the penne with pesto.  Penne was so overcooked it often split just lifting it with the fork.  The pesto was ok except it was sort of slimy.  Buitoni Basil pesto from the grocery store is better.  The bread was good.  For the price it's not worth it.  I didn't even eat it all due to the sliminess of the pesto.  The noise level is very high too.
5	I recently moved to the area and found tat this Wild Flower was down the street. I found that the service was quick and done right. The food came out in about 6 min. The soup bread bowl was great gotta love that potato cream cheese soup. And the sandwich didn't fall apart. I will definitely be coming back to this location.
4	The food here is always very fresh and tastes good. I have not tried their breakfast yet but the sandwiches, salads, soups, and pasta are delicious. The one small thing I don't like is their side that comes in a small sauce container, it really is the smallest side I have ever seen. Not sure if there is a reason for it but it's not a big deal. The food in my opinion is a little pricey but worth it and like I said it is always fresh :)
1	A long time customer turned away by a horrible experience,  As frequent diner, we visit a number of local restaurants.  Wildflower is down the street and we were weekly regulars until now.  The chopped salad was ordered and due to a lack of staff, we then proceeded to bus our own table. This is not unusual.  The salad arrived with a distinct shortage of lettuce.  We asked the server to alert the manager.  Rather than solve the problem, the manager sent over another employee with a bowl of lettuce.  He made  number of comments from "that's what you get" to "they were cutting the portions" to "your wife got your lettuce".  REALLY!!!!  When asked if this how management was trained, he stated that he wasn't the manager.  We again asked for the manager who after a long spell told us she was busy on the phone.  Unfortunatley, we had observed the entire time and knew this was false.  The reality is she simply sent over worker who was untrained, which follows with the lack of staff to bus tables, the lack of experienced kitchen help to prepare food and the poor management.  So, if you don't mind making your own lunch, busing your own table and then paying for the privilege of doing so, Wildflower is for you.  There are better dining options in the neighborhood.
5	I eat lunch here a few times a week. You can't beat $5.40 for a bowl of soup and bread. The food is always promptly delivered. The one time it wasn't, management offered me a giftcard for the extra long wait. Top notch service.
1	Ok, enough is enough. I have given this location many attempts since my last review, but I'm at the end of my rope now.The last few times I have eaten at this location I have gotten sick after eating the food. Today I ordered my usual--after I ate it I started feeling nauseated. I thought a nap would help, but my stomach hurt so bad it woke me up. This is gross, but needs to be said...I have been throwing up ever since.I'm not sure if the staff has improved much, either. Every time I order they give me an apathetic attitude.I appreciate everything the upper management for Arizona has done for me--thank you for being concerned and for all of your help! I am sorry this location did not work out for me because I love this company. I just won't be returning to this location. I will still attempt other locations, but I've had enough with the one on Indian School and 44th Street. It's just not worth getting food poisoning again.
5	Delicious Fresh coffee and pastry! I had a regular in-house coffee and a chocolate croissant!!! Highly recommend!!!
4	PANCAKES.No really, I didn't get much else here, but the service is great and the whole place reminded me of Panera Bread except ... I think cheaper. Much cheaper. This is a chain, and they have some pretty great baked goods like the banana walnut bread that comes with your order of sandwiches.I, of course, went for the short stack of pancakes. The banana walnut pancake was pretty on point and hit the spot for my carb-tastic cravings. The service is extremely friendly and overall atmosphere is relaxing. Definitely a great spot to hang out or grab a casual meal.
5	This place is great I mainly go there for their soups they have a really nice variety of flavors I would highly recommend this place if you are a soup person although their soups of course are seasonal. some. The restaurant is quite large and is open late there's usually never a line waiting which is nice if you're hungry the sandwiches are great and really compliment the soups never had a bad sandwich or soup at this location.
3	So  much better than Paradise!The bread and cookies are great.... I always have a great lunch here!
4	I luv wildflower.  I've had their chicken pesto pene, the potato soup n bread, ceaser salad,  turkey bree on rye.  I will eventually try everything on the menu. This location is the least busy with the best service.
3	My friend and I went in to try their broccoli cheese soup.  It was really good, but we still prefer Jason's Deli's version.  This was a bit salty.  The Caesar salad was amazing...I know there's not much to Caesar salad, but their dressing was the best I've ever had.  Unfortunately, the service at the counter was less than stellar. After we finished, we stood at the takeout counter for ten minutes and were ignored, even by the gentleman who appeared to be a manager (dress shirt with their logo on it). We both wanted some of their biscotti, and I was going to take a lemon bar square home to my son. But we grew tired of waiting and left.  If it weren't for the takeout service, this would have been four stars.
5	I love this place. Sitting in the airport and just grabbed a pretzel and some iced tea....perfect.
