4	In some ways like all KFCs which would earn it 3 stars, but this one is much better than my home KFCs in WA.Unlike KFCs I have visited recently, this one still makes food that tastes like KFCs of old. No low sodium gravy and chicken. This is the KFC food I grew up with. Yum yum... Eat in moderation... Also they allow substitution of sides on specials unlike my WA KFCs.They did run out of original recipe when I was last there so I had to wait 10 minutes for my 7 piece dark meal order, but the food was piping hot and fresh when it came!Friendly, fast service. KFC's online website has printable coupons nationwide BTW.
1	The worst KFC ever. Apparently they can only take one order at a time. Had to wait 15 minutes before I could order.
2	I love KFC food, but not the service at this location. The manager told my boyfriend & I in a very bossy way (right as we were handing him our money) that 'our order is to-go' at 9:30 because they were closed. The sign on the door said they closed at 10. I was soooo mad!
3	I felt the attitude of the staff could have been a lot better.  If I smile at you I would appreciate very much to have a smile returned.  I am very smiley person especially when I am in line to order fried chicken  but the cashier turned my smile upside down by frowning at me.
1	Why on earth does everyone have such a terrible attitude! We stopped in for a quick chicken sandwich & some wedges. The girl who waited on us, Monier (?) Brown had an attitude from the moment we walked in. While taking our order she had her eyes rolled up to the ceiling the entire time, tapping her nails on the register! We were so nice & didn't deserve that at all! I ordered food but after hearing & seeing her terrible attitude, Bobby decided not to order. She literally slammed my cup down & then informed us their pop machine wasn't working. We had a choice of sweetened, unsweetened or raspberry tea as well as water. Her attitude was just beyond disgusting & rude!! We ender up asking her name to call corporate. We couldn't find the corporate number & ended up speaking to the shift manager who said there is no corporate number bc they are transitioning (yeah right) . The manager said she would handle it. That didn't seem to change anything because the cashier & her terrible attitude were still at the register representing this store in a terrible way!!! Never again!!
1	I am honestly disgusted with this place. I went and ordered food via drive-thru to save time, needless to say I'd use any word but efficient from that experience.  I headed back to  home, when I arrived and opened up my bag the disappointment continued. My Famous Bowl had one big chicken strip placed in it... my potato wedges were no where to be found and my biscuits were rock hard. Understandably disappointed with this experience I called and spoke with the manager- how this man ever became a manager with his complete lack of customer service and no professionalism is beyond me. He referenced my receipt and told me he knew I was wrong because he packed the bag himself... Sorry sir, but if you did, you failed. He told me that's just how the Famous Bowls are made now and it's standard everywhere. With the conversation going no where I just cut the loss. The place needs an overhaul in management and customer service training. If it's corporate owned I hope they take a good look at how it's running and if it's franchised owned I hope they do the same.
1	I had never gone to KFC before so I thought I would try it out for fun. Very blah tasting crispy chicken to be honest. Not crispy first off and barely any meat on the wing. Can't see myself ever going back.
5	I am honestly surprised by all of the reviews that mention terrible service. The whole reason I wanted to write a review is because of the fast and friendly service that I always receive at this location. Granted, I've never gone inside. But the staff members that I have encountered at the window have always been smiley, friendly, and polite, and I wanted to give them a good review. I prefer this restaurant to others in the area simply for the customer service. I also think the food is pretty good, consistent with other KFC's. I work nearby, so I'll be back!
