5	Love this liquor store. If you don't want to go all the way to Friar Tuck's, this Piccadilly is larger than the others and has a deep selection. Also, the staff hasn't changed for years, and they are very helpful. They also have tastings here on weekends.
5	I stopped in to the 1st St location looking for microbrews I can't get in CA.  They pointed me to the Neil St location, which has a larger selection.  Thoroughly impressed!  The staff was knowledgeable and helpful, gave some good suggestions (not only on beer, but bars to hit in town, and a cab to get back to the hotel!), and the prices are reasonable (even on California brews, they were comparably priced!).
4	I don't have a whole lot of experience with liquor stores, but have always been pleased here.  The staff are always nice, helpful, and non-intrusive.I once went with my boyfriend, who expressed a desire for a certain beer that they didn't have.  The dude behind the counter immediately said that they would order it.  Lo and behold, the next time we went, there it was.  We proceeded to buy lots of it.  Everything after that is kind of a blur.
4	This is the best of the bunch for the Piccadilly locations in Champaign.A nice convenient store that is close to downtown Champaign and the U of I campus. Beers are spread out all over the store, but labeled and displayed nicely. You can buy everything in singles and most by the six/twelve pack. There is a very good selection of US micros and and lots of German, Belgian, and Great Britan beers to choose from. Something for everyone. I found some Skull Splitter, several Arcadia beers, Goose Island Harvest Ale, and Rockefort 10. The manager is very friendly and helpful. They helped my Mom put together a great mixed twelve pack for Christmas. Stuff I did not even know was available. That is refreshing because most beer stores around here have clueless college students running the show. All the bottles had lots of dust on them, and some bottle are displayed on there side. That causes me to suspect the quality of some of the beers, though a very minor concern. The prices are very far, and below average for some of the other stores around town. Friar Tucks has a wider selection overall, but this place is run right. Highly recommended if you are looking for good beer in the area.
5	This is my go-to location for specialty beers, ciders, wines, liquors, and just about anything alcoholic. I love putting together my own six pack of unique beers and ciders, so I can try new flavors without committing to more than a bottle. It is more expensive to buy single bottles, but you do get a slight discount for buying six of them. The staff are friendly and helpful, and are open to considering new selections from customers. Don't make the mistake that I have of thinking that all the Piccadilly's around here are the same. They're not!!! Don't waste your time at the other locations. This one is hands down the best of the bunch.
4	The staff of this Piccadilly liquor store is friendly and knowledgeable, particularly about their extensive craft beer offerings.Unfortunately, I recently learned that the new corporate owner has decided to close this store. Boo for corporate owners.
3	The original owner recently left, and with him the soul of the store. I'm not sure what's going to happen to this place now.
