5	My search for an adult kick scooter brought me to the Arrowhead Towne Center Mall in Glendale, where I finally found the elusive item after a long search in different sporting goods stores. The mall was a delight, but that's for another review. The Dick's Sporting Goods store in this mall was really huge, very brightly lit, well stocked with a lot more items than I see in most sporting goods stores, and the staff was friendly and helpful. I immediately found the item I was looking for, but had to stay a long while to browse and take mental inventory of the abundant and extremely varied sports merchandise, as I've decided that this will be a preferred destination for future shopping trips for sporting goods.
1	There store is huge and seems to have all the sporting goods you can think of.I had stopped by 2 weeks ago to look for running shoes. I was in hurry so I was hoping to go in quickly find a pair and be out of there. The store wasn't too busy and there were 2 or 3 employees in the shoe department. Now the shoe department was busier than the rest of the store. I look around for a couple minutes. Good selection, good prices.I find two pair of shoes I'm interested in trying on and grab them so I can have a sales associate grab them from the back. Stood there a minute, I was ignored.Tried flagging two associates down as they walked by; ignored.It's like I was invisible. I didn't have time to wait so I left.I came back again today, this time with more time to spend. I found 3 pairs of shoes to try one grabbed them stood around again and waited. Ignored even when I tried to wave someone down. I went and sat on a bench and tried some of the new Reebok RunTone shoes that were on display since these were one of only 3 or maybe 4 styles total that had a whole size run of the shoes to try on. I sat there on the bench, open box of shoes on the floor, my shoes on the floor, new ones on my feet and 3 display shoes on the bench next to me. I was never even so much as acknowledged. One employee walked briskly by me. I said "Excuse me, can you..." and he walked right by me to greet someone else.The guy he had greeted had a single pair of shoes in his hand. I had actually looked at them before choosing the 3 I was interested in trying and they were $30 cheaper than anything I wanted.So whats the deal? I had showered, was dressed well, my clothes were clean, I didn't have an screaming children with me.I know I don't look like I'm there to buy shoes for my next marathon or anything, but regardless, I'm there to buy shoes. I am there with money to spend. Too bad these employees are either too useless or too stupid to realize that.
1	i gave it three chances. i didnt think i would have to give a department store like this a bad review, and it comes down to customer service. everytime i came here it was with the intention of buying athletic shoes. and all three times, i found exactly the shoe i wanted, but could never find anyone to get it for me. there were plenty of sales associates around and i asked them for help but the line was always the same "let me find someone in the shoe department." Even after their attempts at finding someone in the shoe department, they were at a loss. now i would think they are employees and they are just walking around talking to each other so they would be able to go get a shoe, but no, they had to have someone in the shoe department. So each time i went, after waiting extended periods of time, i left without the shoes. I now realize that this is a great place to locate a shoe i want and wander into the rest of the mall, as there are always other shoe stores and always sales. Thanks Dicks for having horrible customer service, you have saved me money by encouraging me to leave and shop elsewhere.
4	Dick's is not my favorite sporting goods store. I hate to pay full retail for this stuff. Luckily (I guess) I'm in the store frequently and I often find things I want on clearance. I'm a sucker for a nice dri-fit T or polo under $15.Dick's has a standard selection comparable to most sporting goods chains. They have above average camping and golf departments at this location at Arrowhead Mall.The thing I most appreciate Dick's for is their support of youth sports. Every season they donate new equipment to our Little League and they provide us with a great location for registration. They have been awesome to work with!
5	Best place in AZ to go for Bikes and info on buying and riding and maintaining your bike...Look up Cody for everything you need to know. He has an incredible knowledge of bikes and equipment. He will fit you on a great new bike at a great price...Hey, don't forget the 2 year warranty add on for 3 years of coverage. It's a Bargain  at only $60. Keep your bike in great shape and you will be a happy rider!
5	Very friendly staff and ready to help with a smile.  They have a better quantity of things on hand and the prices are a lot better than Sports Authority. Sad thing is that they are getting rid of the bowling section and will be closing it out.  My hubby and I just started bowling together and for the price or rental of shoes it is better to buy your own and then to make sure they have your size of bowling ball is to get your own also.  Will be shopping more at Dicks for our sports needs for bikes, camping, and weights.
3	Pretty good location,  We ran in here to buy baseballs for Spring Training.  The staff was very friendly and super helpful.
5	I love Dick's! Trevor in the shoe department provided A+++ customer service tonight. We left our house on a mission to buy some new running shoes and after a disappointing experience at a smaller store that advertises their custom shoe fitting we headed to Dick's. I had no idea that they will test arches and gait for a good fitting shoe. Trevor pointed out several great options after asking us a few questions and then let us try on a few pairs. He told us he was 18 and other than his appearance I would have had no idea because he was knowledgeable beyond his years. What a great kid, he is really an asset to that company. Dick's has a great selection and we will be return customers from now on.
4	Duo the store manager Lauren went the extra mile for my family and I. My son was trying on UnderArmour sunglasses and they did not have to pair that he liked so we ordered them online and she go Mr free shipping. He helped my son and he was so happy. I will keep going there because of her.
1	We all know there are a lot of Dicks in the Valley, this one was the closest to us. She gave me a gift card for Christmas knowing I wanted a new putter, so we couldn't just go to Golfsmith. There was literally nobody in the store customers or associates. Couldn't find anybody that could tell me if the putter came with a head cover. I called to talk with store manager the next day and was put on hold for 20 min when I just hung up. I will just go to Golfsmith from now on.
