4	I decided to roll the dice on my birthday and try a new restaurant with my wife.  I often pass the location of the former Marvin's Garden Cafe and saw the "Thai Food Coming Soon" signs tempting me and decided to finally take action.On a Thursday night there were maybe 6 or 7 other tables filled when we walked in.  Still plenty of room for us to be seated immediately.  The service was outstanding.  Our orders were taken as soon as we were ready and everything came out quickly, but not so quickly that we felt rushed.I was looking for a beer or glass of wine but, alas, no alcohol is served here.  I did enjoy a tall Thai iced tea that tasted nice and sweet like it should.We ordered Spring Rolls for an appetizer.  They were stuffed full and already cut in half, so they were a bit cumbersome to eat (fork required).  The rolls were accompanied by a delicious peanut sauce and a sweet Thai dipping sauce (Nuoc Cham??)My wife ordered Tofu Panang.  Unfortunately, we found some random pieces of chicken in it.  Not good for a vegetarian.  Other than that, it was slightly more sweet and less spicy (hot) than my ideal panang, but still quite yummy.  The leftovers the next day were even better!I ordered the Pad Thai.  On my first bite I got a crunchy surprise when I bit into a shrimp tail.  Dearest Cooks: If you are going to leave the tails on the shrimp, please, please, please put them on top or around the side.  Make it obvious to me that I have some work to do before I dig in.  Better still - take the tails off!!   After I learned my lesson, I did enjoy the rest of my dish, which included tofu and chicken as well (as advertised on the menu).The restaurant layout hasn't changed very much since it's days as Marvin's Garden.  The long diner-style bar lives on.  It looks like redecorating consisted of some paint, new tables and chairs, a few new light fixtures and wall decorations.  It's not the fanciest place in the valley for Thai.To sum up, good food, great service in a casual atmosphere.  I'll certainly be back to try more of the menu and maybe even add a star if the preparation bugs are worked out.Total bill with tax, tip and beverage = $36--------------------UPDATE:  Adding another star for service and spice.I went back for lunch on Monday and was seated at the bar.  Less than a minute after I received the menu, I was also given the salty soup and petite crunchy spring roll that accompany all lunch specials.  I hadn't even looked at the second menu item yet!This time around I opted to try the green curry with chicken.The waitress double checked with me after I ordered.  "Spicy?" she asked.  "Spicy is good," I replied.And spicy it was.  The dish included chicken, bamboo strips, green beans, green bell peppers and ...  jalapneos.  I made it through about half the dish before breaking out into a fierce sweat.  Thanks to the excellent service, my water glass was never more than half-empty which allowed me to push forward to the end.The lunch special was just shy of $8 with tax included.  No beverage - just water.
2	The service is good but the food.... Mediocre. Thai Lahna is a lot better. All the food is disturbingly sweet. I ordered some curry.... not a bowl of fucking froot loops. I thought Thai was supposed to be spicy?The food is not authentic. I went once.... and won't be back.The Green Curry at Pei Wei is better. How sad is that?
4	When Rickie mentioned going to the Thai Hut, I thought, that's funny, I'm really not in the market for neckwear. Then we drove by and it looked so cute. Like a Thai diner with lots of booths lining the windows which overlook McDowell around 3rd Ave. Obviously not a lot of money or design when into the reincarnation, but the energy of the room and the super friendly staff warmed me instantly. I swear the server telepathically took our app order as the spring rolls arrived to the table, hot and crispy, before I had even squeezed the lemon in my water. Along with the chicken satay, they were both good, not out of this world however. Rickie's "chicken noodle" soup was flavorful, yet the chicken was hella funky. Oddly shaped bland, poached peices of poultry particularly unpleasant. The sizzling beef was Thairiffic. Really. Thairiffic. My obligatory phad thai, although missing the tofu, was very dee lish. Prices were affordable. No beer however and that made me sad. I mean I was just costume shopping at Easley's and really could have used a large Thai cerveza. Rickie loved his Thai iced tea (me? not a fan of that beverage...sort of tastes like lawn clippings and cream). The service is outstanding...attentive, friendly and efficient. That pushes them from 3 to 4 stars easily. Great energy, good food, smiling staff. I'll be back.
4	Finally a decent downtown Thai food place with good lunch prices. Actually, the first decent mom and pop restaurant serving an Asian cuisine I've been to downtown.This place is a godsend from the over-priced likes of Wild Thaiger and Fate. It features really tasty and authentic lunch specials which run 6.95 and come with a small soup and a spring roll. I got a Pad Khing which was absolutely delicious and spicy. It's been a long time since I've had that dish that good.I also really like the diner experience for a small lunch. The only downer is that if you go with more then four people you will likely be sat in this attached dining room which has an awkward company-sponsored-increase-teamwork-dinner vibe. Although it still has the groovy 70s brown and orange lamps that are throughout the restaurant, which are a highlight fo' sho'.The thai iced tea rawked my world too. Milkier then usual, but delicious.
4	Yum!  The ambiance in this place is a bit weird - it feels like a 1960's Thai diner - but the food and service are both fantastic.  I tried out the Thai Hut fried rice and my husband had the Drunken Noodles.  Both were delish.  I  can't wait to eat the leftovers.  It's nice to have another place within walking distance, too.  One thing to note - their 'medium' level was more like mild-medium.  Not very spicy, at least on the fried rice.
5	When I walked in, I wasn't really expecting much since I love Thai food, and most of the places in Phoenix were really really disappointing. Trust me, I visit Thailand nearly every year, so I know what Thai food is supposed to taste like and this place actually did a surprisingly good job. Their lad nar was excellent. It was the best I've ever had. The noodles were prepared perfectly and the sauce was just right. I also had their pad thai, which was a bit tangier than I'd like, but it was still really delicious. Their thai tea was really creamy, but I prefer that over the runny teas most other places have. In Thailand, they use condensed milk- now that's creamy. The sizes of their plates was generous, I didn't finish, even if I was willing to do myself bodily harm to do so. ;D The service was really efficient. The wait time was always minimal and everyone was always smiling and happy.I liked their booth seating, but I completely agree with all the retro comments. But I think it used to be a diner before??? Anyone who hasn't tried it really should. And get the lad nar. It's really good.
4	OMG - another great Thai find in Phoenix!Thanks to the other Yelp reviews, I've been wanting to try 'Thai Hut' for the last few weeks.  So, when Liz M. and I were deciding where to meet for dinner, I suggested it... I think we were both pretty impressed!It's centrally located right at 1st street and McDowell and the cutest little diner with amazing service and delicious food... The menu has a variety of options to choose from with lighter fare (fresh rolls, soups, and salads) to more traditional Thai fare (curry dishes, noodle dishes, fried rice, and more) and of course desserts that sound oh so good!Liz and I started with the fresh rolls (cold hand wrapped and filled with vermicelli noodles, shrimp, tofu, bean sprouts, cucumbers and green onions).  They were served with both a creamy peanut and a tangy sweet sauce for dipping.  I mixed the sauces together and savored every bite... Then we shared the pad thai and the stir fry eggplant.  Instead of adding chicken, pork, beef, shrimp, or tofu to the eggplant dish, we had them add more veggies and it was perfect!  Service was great... our waitress checked on us several times and kept my water glass full at all times.We were too full for dessert this time.  I guess that's reason enough to return... as if I needed a reason ;)****One more thing - Thai Hut offers take out - it even says on the menu that 'phone orders are welcome.'  I'm sure I'll take advantage of that sometime as well!
4	I DUG it. First off, for me, any Thai place that has drunken noodle is awesome. It was different than I've had at other Thai places -- more veggies, and more variety of veggies, less noodles and meat. That made for a refreshing change, even for an old stick-in-the-mud such as myself.Secondly, the service was outstanding. Our servers were very attentive (but not annoyingly so), cheerful, and kept the drinks topped off.I didn't know what to think of the bullet holes in the front glass -- cool, or disturbing? I was also a little afraid to walk to my car, which was parked in the overflow parking in the back. Thankfully, I lived long enough to write this review.
4	I am glad this place is now in my neighborhood, it is great to have Thai food so close to downtown. The restaurant is a former greasy spoon American style diner, complete with a counter and booths, the kind of place you would picture Mel and Flo.The food is really good, not the best Thai food I have ever had, but still really good. And the prices aren't bad, either. The staff is friendly and helpful and, of course, almost all Thai. They seem genuinely happy to have you visit and have your business.The serve a great Tom Yum soup. The menu has traditional Thai dishes as well as some Chinese and like most Thai restaurants you can choose your meat or tofu.The place is great. Give it a try.
4	Perhaps calling yourself a food "hut" isn't the best way to advertise. We all know what Pizza Hut is like. The name Thai Hut kind of scared me and kept me away for a litle while. I'm glad I eventually got over the name issue because this place is totally great. So far I've only eatern here twice, but both times were bad ass. Soups GreatCurry dishes GreatSummer Rolls GreatSalads GreatThai tea greatService GreatDessert...dissapointing :(Other than that, four stars. Can't wait to try the lunch menu. See you at the hut!
5	I can't believe I've never written a review for this place!! This is right in my neighborhood. The servers know what my partner and I like to order and call me the girl who eats too many fresh rolls...i.e. I go here a lot. Ok. So the food is good. I love this building and the fact that incorporate the cheesy/mocking factor of calling themselves the Thai Hut (set in an old pizza hut type building) is perpetually hilarious to me. The servers are arguably the best part of this place. There are two women that wait on us consistently. Both are funny, dynamic, and appropriately upbeat (you don't want a server that is too cheery...it's creepy...that's a hard job...they should be just a little bit jaded). I always order the fresh rolls (usually two orders...and yes I eat them all)...and split an entree with my partner. Of everything I've tried I'd say my top two are the Pra Ram with tofu and the Clay Pot Shrimp both are absolutely delectable. Word to the wise...the Thai Iced Tea (if you've never had thai iced tea) is SUPER sweet. Like grinding your teeth with pure sugar sweet. It's intense. So be prepared if you order that. Oh and they should be getting their liquor license in the next month or so if they already haven't.
3	Thai Hut falls somewhere in the spectrum of 3 to 4 stars.  I really am not an expert on Thai food and usually count on my gf to order something I'll like, but several things make Thai Hut stand out:1) Location is ideal and near the art museum in the restaurant dead-zone of McDowell.  Odd, that.2) Charming building 3) Fantastic, family oriented service4) Pad Thai is the best I've had in my limited experience (take it FWIW)5) Thai tea, um, fooking delicious6) CHEAPBesides, where else ya gonna go before hitting up the Goyas?
3	Thai Hut did not live up to the hype.  Maybe we didn't order properly, but eh.We went on a Thursday evening, and it was moderately busy.  The waitstaff was prompt and attentive, and the foodservice was quick.The place has a slightly gungy, dirty feel though.  Just enough to be "ew" but not so gross that we had to leave.  It smelled like cleaning solution, which gives me mixed feelings.I ordered the yellow curry with tofu.  It was weird.  Thai cooks are famous for their ability make tofu spectacular, but that ability was not used in this dish.  The tofu was cut into chunks and added to the sauce - not rocket science, and certainly not a great preparation of tofu.  There were carrots and "potatos" in the mix as well.  I call them "potatos" because I wasnt sure if they were just undercooked or if they were some other, unidentified vegetable.  I would not order this dish again.My husband had the spicy fried rice with tofu - it was definitely spicy, the tofu was prepared in the same way, and it had that terrible greasyness that bad fried rice sometimes has.  We also had fried spring rolls.  They were the highlight of the meal - Small, light and crispy, they were really really good.  I don't think that I would go back to Thai Hut.  We have not found our downtown Thai place yet.
4	Garnish?    Yes, Garnish!!!  Seriously, when was the last time you had a lunch for $7 with a carrot flower and carrot "shoestrings" on the side of your plate?    The food is good, sure it might not be the best in the world, but it's very good for Thai .  Service is quick and attentive so it's a great place for lunch.  Large and filling portions. A simple yet comprehensive lunch menu.I thought the Hut part of "Thai Hut" always seemed kind of dumb but once you come here it makes sense.  It's the original diner on the inside which makes it feel comfortable and  inviting.  The big picture windows and fun to look out on McDowell and check out the passers by
4	I've been fortunate enough to travel to Thailand twice.  It's a beguiling place.  The most remarkable thing about Thailand is the friendliness of its people.  Everyone smiles in Thailand, regardless of how humble their circumstances may be.  Thai Hut is a sheer delight because it reminds me of the best of Thailand.  The staff at this restaurant is always smiling and their happiness is infectious.  The setting for the restaurant has a fun and funky vibe.  It looks like Flo's Diner was redecorated by Thom Filicia with decor from the Suan Lum Night Bazzar in Bangkok and a Mid-century Modern reproduction house.  The choice of location on McDowell across from the Phoenix Art Museum is great.  Whether or not the food at Thai Hut is authentic is a moot point.  In Thailand I tasted a wide variety of even the most basic dishes such as Tom Kha Kai soup and Larb.  It all depended on the chef and their given preparations and quirks.  What sets the food in Thailand apart from what you will generally find in the US is the level of spice.  The food in Thailand varies in heat intensity from Nuclear Hot to Surface of the Sun Hot.  I've seen Thai folks enthusiastically devour Tom Yum soup that was so hot it made them weep.  I've also tasted a dish spiced with pepper-infused vinegar that was so hot it literally took my breath away along with some taste buds.   With all that said, the food at Thai Hut is great with an appropriate amount of spice for the average Phoenician's palate.  My favorite soup is Tom Kha Kai and the Thai Hut version is luscious due to all the silky coconut milk they use.  It makes a great start to a meal.  The standby Sa-Tay appetizer is delicious as the chicken is spiced with curry before grilling and the peanut sauce is delightfully sweet.  I believe the sauce is enriched with coconut milk.  The Fresh Rolls are also very tasty, but the BF does not like that they include large pieces of green onion in them.  He pulls out the green onion pieces before enjoying his Fresh Rolls and all is good again for us at Thai Hut.Thai Hut offers a variety of entrees and all have proven to be tasty.  The Cashew Nut dish offers up a mix of sauteed cashews, onions, green peppers and your choice of protein in a savory sauce.  The sauce balances well with the cashews and it brings out their natural sweetness.  The Pineapple Fried Rice is a delicious choice that includes lovely chunks of fresh pineapple and cashews.  The Ultimate Asparagus dish comes from the Chef's Special section of the menu.  It offers fresh asparagus stir-fried with shrimp and chicken in a savory brown garlic sauce.  I totally understand why it's in the Chef's Special section as it's delightful.  The Thai Iced Tea is also appropriately sweet and the milk is a nice respite from the spice in the dishes.Thai Hut also offers its menu at a very wallet-friendly price point.  I used to enjoy Wild Thaiger, but it has become too expensive for what it is.  Thai Hut offers better food at about half the price.  Thai Hut has knocked Wild Thaiger off as my standard Thai restaurant.Thai Hut offers take out and we placed a large order of Sa-Tay and Fresh Rolls for our Tacky Tiki Gay Pride Brunch and the proprietors were very accommodating.
4	Warning! Certain dishes are very spicy. I know you're thinking "well it's because it's thai, man". Just know that when they ask you if you want it "Thai hot" or "regular hot" that you answer carefully. I would recommend going with a conservative answer the first time. I'm a fan of habaneros and jalapenos. I like anything spicy. I just went for it. WOW! Kablam! Three things that I've had over there. Pad Thai...pretty good, no spice (of course). Drunken Noodles...freaking awesome, a little spice to them. Hot and sour soup...Don't eat it in front of people who don't know you. You might lose control over your sinuses. I get this for sinus or upper respiratory infections. Everything I've ordered has been good and reasonably priced. Healthy sized portions. Everyone I've gone with left happy. The waitresses are very nice.
4	This place is great!  The food is very tasty.  The prices are low and the staff is really nice.  I really enjoy going there for lunch because they serve you a spring roll and soup as soon as you walk in.  They have the best spring rolls I've ever had!Their dinner menu has a lot of good dishes to choose from.  I also liked that it is set in a diner atmosphere.
4	Stopped by here for lunch today, just kind of on a whim. I'd never been in the old Marvin's Garden diner, but it didnt seem like much could have changed. Hell, the booths even have signs saying you can't sit there as a single between 11-2, lol.When I walked in the side door, a woman looked at me and held up one finger, so I nodded yes I'm alone. She put a menu down at the counter and had a bowl of celery soup and an egg roll before I got there. Pretty good start. I took a glance at the menu and ordered the cashew nut chicken and it came within 5 minutes. The place definitely seemed to have perfected the "quick lunch" concept. The service was flawless from start to finish, as well. Everything I had, including the usually bland celery soup was delicious. The cashew nut chicken being probably my favorite asian dish I've had in quite some time. It all seemed very light and on the healthy side as well.I ended up with a bill of $7.33 which for the amount of food, and the quality of food, and the quality of service, I was very pleased with. They are doing a lot of things right here, and I think this will be a very successful restaurant in the Midtown dining scene. I only hope the best for them as it really is great.
3	i used to eat at thai hut for lunch when it was in Mesa on Alma School and Baseline. Now it is in Central PHX in an old diner which is a really wild setting for a thai restaurant.unfortunately the quality of the food does not seem to have transferred perfectly. the dishes are tasty but they lack something really delightful.the service is somewhat short and borderline rude at times. i am not sure what the cause is for this but i dont appreciate it. for me eating out is all about the service. so be nice and happy that i am choosing to eat there instead of somewhere else or at home.the biggest dissapointment was the peanut sauce which looked like gravy from a can and tasted a bit off.since it is located right next to the phx art museum i will probably be back, but only cause of its proximity.
3	This place has lots of potential. It's in such a great location and has those nice big windows (bullet holes and all!). It felt like it needed a good cleaning and some sprucing up though. I love the diner counter, so that has to stay. The food was okay. I ordered Pad See Ew which had very good flavor, but very few noodles. It was mostly chicken and egg with a few noodles thrown in. My husband ordered Pad Thai, mostly because I made him. I'm trying to find the best Pad Thai in Phoenix, but I really wanted the Pad See Ew tonight. It's not the best I've had and I don't think I would order it again. I think next time I'll try one of the curries.
4	the first time i stepped into this building was 20 years ago, i believe it was called Marven Gardens and it was a diner. i had grits. i was 8. many years and many diners have come and gone. never a "real" restaurant in that time. so Thai Hut goes up and I've been told its delish. everyone there is full of smiles and greet you when you enter the door with a hand sign of "how many people?", 2 fingers up, you nod, and your seated. simple. words are overrated anyways. slide into a booth and within a few minutes you have very large cups of water and someone taking your drink order. our waitress had the cutest face, reminded me of Raven Simone from the Cosby show. Pad Thai is pretty good, the Pad Cee Eww was good, a little light on the sauce. pepper steak was good. the ginger dish from the specialties is very good. sauce is thin. but the flavor is there.  all the vegetables in their dishes are crisp and very bright. no mushy vegetables.everything I've had is good...except, the orange chicken. avoid at all costs. I'm used to a sauce made from orange or mandarin peals. this orange chicken is...flavored with a Hi-C reduction or Tang. its fucking sick. i got it for take out. almost killed me. i will never make that mistake again.   i will certainly keep going back.
3	As some of you might know, it is my mission to try every Thai place in the Phoenix metro area. (I've got a Yelp list going of the places I've been so far.) I've been pretty happy with a lot of the restaurants I've tried, and it's been fun to experience different preparation methods and flavor profiles. I've already tried the two other places along Central (Thai Elephant and Wild Thaiger), so last night, I thought it would be fun to call up Thai Hut and get some food to go (and enjoy at home with several rum and Diet Coke concoctions). My overall impression: Thai Hut's food isn't as complex or high-quality as the food at Swaddee or Thai Lahna and the atmosphere certainly isn't as fun and upscale as that at Wild Thaiger or Malee's, but it is solid Thai food that won't disappoint if you're having a craving. You know, kind of like your stand-by Chinese place. We tried the Pad Thai, Panang curry, and some eggplant/tofu sautee. All three dishes came out to $30. We ordered the first two dishes medium and were really happy with how spicy they turned out. They're definitely not afraid to respect your spice wishes (unlike some places - Thai Elephant comes to mind - where our request for spicy was apparently interpreted as our not knowing what the hell we were talking about and actually wanting things gringo-mild), which I respect. The Pad Thai was a little strange-tasting, I must say. It had a strong curry flavor, which was odd - not bad, just odd. The Panang curry was pretty flavorful, but not as complex as the ones at Swaddee, Thai Lahna, or Wild Thaiger. The eggplant dish was actually my favorite. The tofu was absolutely delicious (and I usually only like fried tofu). One major complaint, though - it was ridiculously greasy. Actually, all of the dishes were a bit greasy and heavy. I won't fault Thai Hut for being a little greasy, though. Everything was just good enough to really hit the spot and to satisfy my craving for spicy Thai food, and it felt like Asian comfort food in that sense. I used to order from my favorite Chinese take-out place again and again even though it was greasy and not the most flavorful and I felt a little twinge of regret after each meal from there. Similarly, despite its not being the lightest or most flavorful Thai I've had, I won't hesitate to return to Thai Hut for some take-out or a quick, satisfying meal.
2	The service here is always pretty bad. The service is rude and inattentive on a regular basis, but last night takes the cake. So last night Mark J and I are cruising around downttown/midtown wondering what is open (and tasty) at 9 PM on a Saturday night. We spy a sign on Thai Hut's door = OPEN TILL 10 PM. Score!We go in and sit down. A few minutes after we order drinks (and the waiter brings us the wrong drinks, btw) we get news that two more of our friends will be joining us. A waitress approaches us to take our order, but we tell her it will be a few more minutes because we are waiting for two more people to arrive.The waitress comes back in a few minutes to try to take our order again. We tell her we are still waiting. The waitress comes back and informs us the kitchen is closing in 10 minutes so we have to order soon.It's 9:22 PM. Us: "But we thought you are open till 10PM?"Her: "The kichen closes in 10 minutes."Us: So you really close at 9:30 then?"(waitress puts on nervous smile)Her: (paraphrasing) "We don't want to rush you, but the asshole behind the counter  - who may or may not be the owner - does not want to earn your business, has no regard for customers and wants you to hurry the fuck up and get out"Us: WTF?She walks away - comes back 60 seconds later, I shit you notHer: "The kitchen closes in 5 minutes"Me: (in my mind) "Listen bitch..."One of our friends arrives. She brings him a menu and pretty much tells us we MUST order right away.(paraphase)All of us: "peace the F out, biatch."So we left.It is now 9:30 PM. The waitress lost her tip and Thai Hut lost my desire to ever eat there again.This sucks.
2	Well, well well.  If it isn't Thai Hut.So, Thai Hut, you're feeling your oats.  Maybe your starting to make some money? Getting those bills paid? Your ends are meeting pretty well these days?  I noticed you don't need homeless sign twirlers any more. Nice. Where did they go?  Well since things are going well, you should start shitting on the very people that you rely on, your customers.Sorry folks. When Yelpers hang out together you get multiple reviews of the same experience.  Here is my version, albeit filtered through my own version of life called Mark-O-Vision. So, Jenn H. and I are kicking it old school.  You know collars popped, pants pegged,  and my Cubbies hat cocked all sideways and shit.  Like 90210 meets Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo.  At first we were going to go to IHOP to get our french toast on.  We pulled up to IHOP and noticed that the recent tornado that had ripped through Phoenix had rendered any and all hopes of getting an internationally inspired breakfast meal moot.  Will nobody come to Phoenix's aid and help these poor desert dwellers out?  "George Bush hates pancakes!"So we decided on the next best thing open a little after 9pm at night, Thai Hut.  When we pulled up we were even a little worried that we were to late, but the sign said 10pm.  Score! (Ah, how cute.  Jenn and I wrote the same thing about how late they are open. Score indeed.)So we sit and order drinks.  I wanted water and an Ice Tea.  What I got was a water and a Thai Ice Tea.  Nice up-sale!  Oh well, it comes with a cute little straw hat thingy so I spend the next few minutes turning it into a little snake and forgot the mishap.Then we are told that we have ten minutes to place our order.  What? What? Why? The sign says.... For a full and mostly accurate transcription on the dialogue see Jenn H's review. I think she left out a lot of the "Boiy'z", "Dooodes", "Bro-dawgs", "For Shiz's",  and Samuel Jackson quotes that we constantly pepper our conversions with.  But, you can just add any one of the aforementioned on to any of the lines of dialogue she used to get a really accurate feel for the conversion.For example:Us: "But we thought you are open till 10PM, Bro-Dawg?"So to make a short story longer.  We were either forced to order right then and there even though we still had at least thirty minutes left until the posted closing time or leave.  So we left.  WE felt completely rushed and unappreciated.  Why would someone turn away business?  I could understand if we showed up late or even if we had Andy Dick with us.  But just throwing us out because you all wanted to get home a little early and, I don't know, play Jenga makes no sense.  It wasn't like the place was empty either.  There was a dude that looked just like Jason Mewes at the very next table yucking it up with his head banging wife/woman.When we told the lady that we were leaving she looked at us and said "No, problem."  Not in a cute Jamaican t-shirt kind of way, but in a snarky "oh, thank god" kind of way.Doodes! That is horseshit.  Why even post your hours if you are not going to at least pretend to keep those hours? I even had to pay for the Thai Iced Tea I did not order.It is going to take a head wound induced bought of amnesia in order to get me to come back to this place.
3	Mostly I am a fan because Thai Hut is close to where I live - but I do enjoy their food too. I recommend the green curry with tofu.  Thai iced tea is a winner too.I prefer getting food as take out - I'm not so into the actual location.  The atmosphere just doesn't add much to the experience.
5	Since my first review, I've probably gone to Thai Hut maybe 20 times or so. I was on a real kick for a while there, going once or twice a week, and the shine still has not worn off. I love this place even more.Their food even made a convert of my girlfriend. She had tried Thai food once and hated it. After dining at Thai Hut, she now suggests we go there, and often.Since my first visit, I have also dined at Chanpen and Erawan, and they don't hold a candle to Thai Hut. It's still my favorite by miles.Dammit. Now I'm craving their Pad Kee Mao again!
4	I've only been once to the Thai Hut, and it was after the Museum visit, as it's right across the street. Combine two cranky parents and two tired kids and it could have been an unpleasant dinner. But Thai Hut servers were very accomodating, the food was delicious and they were friendly about my kids checking out the fish and stuff... I'd go back again, for sure.
5	I am a sucker for moderately priced Thai food.  I feel like its a cuisine that lends itself to being done well cheaply, so I'm also interested in seeking it out.  On my last visit to PHX, I fell in love with Thai Hut.Don't get me wrong, while I've sampled many a Thai restaurant in my day, I'll admit to not having the most sensitive of palates. I want my food cheap, tasty and really spicy.  I want to go one level under your top level of spice and still taste something other than burning.  Here's where TH stuck the landing, which earned it an automatic four out of five.The topper?  The decor.  OK, maybe just exclusively  the lamps.  I felt like I was in a diner in Blade Runner.  Its exactly the kind of just off futuristic thing that was once contemporary that makes me smile.  We're a resident of PHX, Thai Hut would go near the top of my restaurant rotation.
2	OK, so usually I Yelp, and I Yelp all orgasmic about places, because I love them and want others to love them like I love them.This time, not so much...Totally unimpressed.  I am married to Mr. "Had The Best Thai Food Of My LIfe In L.A., Can We Possibly Find Anything As Good In Phoenix?", so we are constantly looking.  So far only Thai Rama on Camelback has come close, but we had heard good things about Thai Hut.  So here is all that went horribly, horribly wrong:1)  Our our order, called in, was not ready when we arrived 30 minutes after calling it in...didn't get it until 45 minutes after calling in...not sure of the delay since it was mid-week and called in early...hmmmmm....so while it was still WARM when it got home, it was by no means HOT...some things were a lovely "essence of gummy"...2)  Everything tasted like it had been cooked in the same oil...all together...at once...get my drift?3)  Nothing new, exciting, different...or even remotely hot as indicated on the menu...we are spicy people, so come on, give us some heat if you are going to promise it, baby...4)  We ordered  the appetizer sampler, one soup, one pad thai dish, and two other entrees...$80 bill...no, that's not a typo....for that much money, I want something more than glorified Chinese food, which is what we got.5) Staff was rude, rude, rude...So, the search continues for the elusive "Better Than L.A. Thai..."
4	I wanted to take the wife to try some Thai food for the first time and we just happen to be downtown. So I did a quick search on google maps (via iPhone) and found Thai Hut. Now I will admit that from the looks on the outside my first impression was it may not be the best place to take her for her first time. It's literally an old Pizza Hut dine-in restaurant, hence where they probably came up with the name.But once we got inside those thoughts all went away. The interior was very clean and nicely decorated. The menu was very neat and well organized. Best of all my wife's first impression was good.We ordered the Spicy Noodles (drunkin noodles), Orange Chicken, and some steamed vegetables for the kids. The food came out very quickly and the plate presentation was excellent. Everything tasted fantastic. My wife actually liked my dish better than her's.The prices are what you would expect for that type of food and in the central Phoenix area. I will definitely recommend this place if you're a fan of Thai food.
5	I like this place.  Not the physical place, of course--it's a former Sambo's (not Pizza Hut, Clintus M.) with much of the interior sporting the same fake walnut and orange Plexiglas decor from the the 70s.  The fish tank is a nice touch but otherwise the dated decor has only been worsened by the addition of the usual oriental-restaurant-on-a-budget kitsch.  If you're looking for atmosphere, stay away.However, if you're looking for a broad variety of good Thai food cooked to your liking at a very reasonable price, come on in and pull up one of the leatherette bar stools.  Start out with an order of spring rolls (deep fried and served with a slightly sweet sauce) or fresh rolls (shrimp, rice noodles and vegetables wrapped in rice paper and served cold with peanut sauce).  Save room for curry or one of the standard entrees, which are generously portioned and can be cooked to your spiciness preference.  All are made with your choice of chicken, beef, pork, or tofu so carnivores and vegetarians both have a range of options.  The yellow curry is mild yet richly flavored while the Panang curry has more of a bite but none of the harshness than can mar some spicy foods.  I've enjoyed all the entrees that I've sampled but am partial to the stir-fry ginger (shredded ginger sauteed with onions, bell pepper, green onions, and carrots) and the stir-fry eggplant (eggplant with chopped bell pepper, onions, garlic, and fresh basil).  Again, each comes with your choice of meat or tofu.  The chef's special menu has some delightful options as well, including 3-Curry Salmon (just as described) and Ultimate Asparagus (asparagus stir-fried with shrimp, chicken, onions, bell peppers, mushrooms, and scallions in a brown garlic sauce).Don't worry about saving room for dessert, though, unless you have a special place in your palate for sweet, thick finishes to your meal.  Better to linger over a second bottle of Thai beer or a glass of sweet Thai iced tea.  I read that some Yelpers have had trouble with the service here, but I have always found it to be at least adequate and often quite friendly.  They've even made sure I was offered something to drink while waiting for takeout and occupying counter space that could have gone to a sit-down diner who would have tipped more.  Maybe I've just been extraordinarily lucky or perhaps my standards are simply different.  In any case, don't come for the service or the decor--come for the food.  Barring that, call in a takeout order and it will be waiting for you within 10 minutes.  Then you can hurry home and enjoy exactly the style and service to which you are accustomed.
4	I've been a fan of Thai Hut back in the days when it was situated on Baseline and Alma School Rd.  The owners, Bee and George, are from CA and are so warm and friendly.  Their children run the cash registers.  I've noticed that they've been so busy to say hi to me on my last few visits.  Indeed, I'm told that the adult children haven't been able to go back to university since TH moved to the downtown Phoenix location.I did notice new faces working the front of the house.  They don't seem very friendly.  The owners have lamented on how busy they are, that by the end of the day, they cannot wait to close, which may account for all of the negative reviews of late.  Solid menus.  Missed being able to order other entrees besides lunch specials- new location has kept the kitchen humming that it was decided that the menu be trimmed down to a short list to keep the traffic flowing.  It's been months since my last visit.  I hope to have an update soon!
4	After a long day at the Rally downtown this weekend we decided to try something new for dinner.  The group I was with are all fans of Thai and we all have said we wanted to try Thai Hut because it was a new local business in the heartbeat of downtown.  It is a little strange that it looks like it used to be a dinner and it could have been a little more clean however.... The food was very good.  I had the traditional Pad Thai.  It was very tasty and seasoned just right.  We also tried the spring rolls and they were very good as well.   My friend said something that made me curious.  He said that his orange chicken was the best he has ever had.  Now I know my orange chicken so even though I didn't try his I  will get it next time I go.  If you are in the downtown area and looking for good Thai food check it out.  Like I said its not the most glamorous place, but it does represent good Thai food.
4	It has been a hell of a work week and  Friday could not have come any sooner. This week was rough especially with the announcement that we are officially in a recession and the ambiguity was hitting me from all sides. Man, did I need some distraction from all my worries. So the BF (Bacon) and I decided on Thai but wanted to venture out from the norm and we are very glad we did. The Thai Hut exceeded our expectations. We were a little skeptical at first with so many lackluster reviews but we hit the jackpot on our night. This place has a great vibe! We were seated immediately and staff was beyond courteous and attentive.  We were approached by a few staff members which gave us the feeling of true teamwork.  Our server was attentive and even sparked up some conversation throughout our meal. We started with a hot pot of Chicken Tom Kha Kai and this soup hit the spot. My worries were vanishing with every spoonful. They say Chicken Soup will cure a cold and that Menudo will feed a hangover. Well, I now believe Tom Kha Kai is the cure for the blues because it sure made me happy! For our main dish we shared the Red Chicken Curry. A little heavy on the red and green peppers but very tasty and was the perfect match with the soup. So we will definitely  be back and will be sharing this place with some of our closest friends. I've already made lunch plans for next Wednesday.
4	We were in search of Thai or Chinese on Christmas Eve night, and stopped into Thai Hut.  I actually have been avoiding this place since reading some reviews describing some downright atrocious service as of late.  However, we stopped in at 9.05 (the sign said closed at 9.00) and were told as long as we ordered take-out it was okay.  Now, I've worked long enough in the restaurant industry to feel incredibly guilty about ordering even ten minutes BEFORE the official closing time.  I have been the victim of a (wonderful but demanding ) restaurant owner who stayed open 10, 20, 30 minutes past when you thought you'd be long gone and well on your way towards an evening of lord knows what.  However, about 7 other people came in after us, which made me feel (almost all) better.  We had planned on having a beer at the counter but decided to make it quick.  Our fried rice was delish, though mine was a little bit brown (too much oil???).  At any rate, it tasted fantastic.  Maybe the quality of service depends on who is in charge?  This time it was a very no-nonsense woman.
4	Okay, eating Thai food in what seems to be an old diner is kinda weird.  But after getting off of long flights, my mother and I needed some kind of Asian food and quick.  The GPS was taking us to a sushi joint when we drove by this place and we immediately switched gears.I give these guys major kudos for the portion size.  Seriously, I felt like I was still in Texas with such an enormous plate full of pad thai sitting in front of me.  And it was delicious--plenty of peanuts, the noodles were perfectly cooked, and they didn't skimp on the meat.  My mom's soup had to be improvised since they'd run out of octopus.  They asked her if she wanted to change her order or just double up on the shrimp and she chose the latter.  Sure, it was tasty, but she was really disappointed.  The fried spring rolls were okay, but they were tiny and not piping hot.This was a nice way for us to start our trip and the food hit the spot.  It came out quickly and the service was quite friendly (though not quite professional).  I'm all about supporting the mom-and-pop shops and when the kids are working for the parents, I feel for them even more (been there, done that).  With a better parking lot and some remodeling to get rid of the weird diner feel, this place will continue to attract more and more clients.
3	I like the Thai Hut because it is safe Thai eating. They have some of the more adventurous authentic Thai, and then they have what I ALWAYS get - The Garden Delight with beef. Just basically vegetables and beef cooked in a marinade. They always have plenty of servers on hand and I've never been disappointed. There's just some little sparkle that it seems to be missing.I struggled between giving it a 3 or a 4, but I settled on a 3 because they could definitely improve the atmosphere a little bit and parking sucks. They are really close to the light rail now though, just get off at McDowell/Central and walk one block east on McDowell.
4	Can anyone tell me how to get a 1/2 star. I've been to the "Hut" twice now and wish I could find out how to use a 1/2 star. 4 stars for food but I have to close my eyes so I don't have an acid flashback of a Denny's in LA after seeing Pink Floyd in I think 72.We got an appetizer of the Chicken Satay....here is why I need to figure out 1/2 stars. This was the very best!!!!! I mean really, really good! Wife had and I shared the # 58 and #68, I think. One was red curry with beef and it was 3.5. The other dish was a dish with a flat noodle, Chinese Broccoli and chicken. Out of this world. When I first saw the plate, I thought "Gonna have leftovers tomorrow" which is always a good thing. No leftovers on what ever that was. It was scrum delicious. Sandra K says she loves that kinda Wok burnt flavor that you get only with oriental cooking.We topped it off by sharing a cup of homemade coconut ice cream and it was a perfect dessert to top off the dinner.I wanted to have "Pla" like I get at Malee's but they don't make that, but I suggest that to Bee, one of the owners. I commented on the name "Hut" which to me is not endearing, but she has good memories of how they got their name. Hut to me is just not too endearing, but then again, I have been to some cutesy Thai named places to be very underwhelmed with the food.So here goes;Food....4 and it can go to 4.5Atmosphere and with a mouthful of wide noodles and eyes closed 4.5Service.....3.5Value and Price   4Happy eating
4	The curry here is great and it is one of my favorites when I am on this side of town for lunch. This resturant used to be near Baseline and Alma school where Palee's Crown is now located until they moved to their current location. I have eaten at both locations and it has always been very good.  I order my food hot but not Thai hot and it is always spiced perfectly for my taste.
5	spicy fried rice (my latest favorite) or drunken noodles are to die for.
4	Don't for get to check out this awesome Thai spot. It has a 50's diner look and feel. The service is super fast and friendly. I didn't see a jukebox, but it would be perfect. Or maybe Karaoke with my pad thai. Tight!
4	This is my third business trip to Phoenix in the past year, but I had not yet eaten at any restaurants that wasn't a chain of some sort. I knew that Phoenix had more to offer than chain cuisine, so tonight I decided to look for some Thai options that were fairly close to my downtown hotel. I had actually noticed Thai Hut on my way in from the airport, but I wasn't sure what to think about it. It appeared to be an old fast food restaurant and while the best Thai is often served from holes-in-the-wall, I decided to hit up Phoenix yelpers for some advice. Recent reviews seemed more positive than negative, so I jumped in my rental and headed on in. I was greeted warmly and immediately by one of the staff, and offered a seat at the counter while I looked over the menu. While I was tempted to try something exotic, I opted for Pad Ga Prau with Chicken and an order of "fresh" rolls - these are two dishes I typically order up in Portland and the standard by which I judge which Thai restaurants make it into my favorites category. My takeout came within minutes and the bill came to about $18 which was a couple dollars more than I pay in Portland for the same two dishes, but then I remembered about sales tax.The fresh rolls were fat and delicious and I liked that they had both shrimp and tofu in them. They also gave me two sauces for them, which was a nice touch. My only (minor) complaint was that the rolls didn't stay together very well and I made a bit of a mess while eating them. The Pad Ga Prau was made with ground chicken, which I prefer to versions made with the bigger pieces of chicken. It tasted pretty much like a standard interpretation of the dish, nothing mind-blowing, but definitely tasty and definitely worth a repeat visit on my next trip here. A solid Thai place and I imagine, very convenient for anyone who lives or works downtown. Bonus points for being walking distance from the light rail.
4	I passed by this place many times never giving it a chance because it looked like a run-down place taken over by new owners.Boy was I wrong. I've been missing out! This place has great food for the price without question. Never mind the building or decor. The food portions are generous and the food itself is very near authentic cuisine. It's one of those secret places that few people know about. You can waste your money on all the other Thai places that would rather focus on decor or presentation, but if you want real Thai for real value, this is the place to go.On top of all that, the service is great! They're attentive, courteous, knowledgeable about the food, and very friendly.Support local businesses! Btw, for those that live near the light rail, it's only a short ride away.
4	Stumbled across this place while starving and at the office.Nothing is better than finding  a great Thai place and boy have I been blessed in Phoenix. The "Pad Cee Eew" (spelled a million different ways) was good. I choice tofu - lots of little pieces, chopped chinese broccoli, lots of egg...the noodles broke up a little too smal for my liking. It had a great fresh taste, though a few bites were a litle too wok-smokey for my taste. The sauce was good but not as savory and rich as I have found at Pink Pepper and Thai-Rama  - though still very enjoyable. I had crazy insane hunger so went ninja with the chopsticks and ate the entire plate.My dinner partner had the beef drunken noodles - loads of food and very tasty. The thai tea totaly ruled, the service was great , and other than the odd diner 60's diner feel and homeless folks at the nearby gasstation that might cause some to gasp in horror, the place was great. A total find in "upper" downtown!
4	Yummmmmy! This was really good. I had the fresh spring rolls which tasted great. I just wish that they didn't cut them into pieces. I had the Sizzling beef which had a really good savory taste. I wish I had more room in my tummy for more food. I will definitely go back.
4	mmmmm  I love this place.  When I didnt have a tv this was always a destination for some good tube watching/ beer drinking/ thai eating.  It isn't too loud, like some other trendy thai places that play music and have their air conditioning too high.  Also it is authentic, also unlike some trendy places (pf changs/ pei wei etc).  The diner style stmosphere is charming, and you can sit at the bar if youd like.  They also have a huge room, which I have never actually seen used.  I guess one could conceivably hold a large gathering here.  The portions are enourmous, and there are a ton of options.  For some reason, I cant break away from my favorite, vegetarian delight.  the sauce is so good, i always ask for extra.   You will likley leave full.  only downside here is that the lunch isn't as good, way less options, but pretty fast.
4	My favorite pad see ew!  Drunken noodles rock my world as well.
5	I LOVE YOU THAI HUT!!!:)i must admit, yesterday was sunday and you were closed so i cheated on you with the thai elephant. i now realize that even though it was delicious and fun,YOU are the only one who can satisfy my red curry needs.will you please forgive me??TLARianap.s if you start opening on sunday i promise to make it worth your while.
5	i did a double dip at thai hut in one week. i couldn't help myself. extremely generous portions (enough for two people) at reasonable prices, fast, efficient service, and just enough tacky asian feel to suck me in.the coconut curry chicken was amazing. not too sweet either (as it can be made). came with a large plate of rice. pad ped with chicken could have be a notch spicier (ask for thai hot when you order so you can feel your intestines burn) but the red curry paste it came in was extremely tasty. this also came with rice.  my next visit (to go, ready in just 10 minutes) was an order of their spicy fried rice with chicken. it came with sliced peppers (hold the onions) and was just spicy enough for me. delicious.best thai food in phoenix.
3	The immediate surroundings are creepy, but the food is good and quick, so when we're running short of time before going to theater this is a good choice. In my case, usually the food is either too spicy or not spicy enough, but no one else I've gone with has had that problem. I pretty much stick to the tofu curries.
3	Just had lunch at Thai Hut with my fellow co worker who insisted on trying a new place. Got to Thai Hut, menu was pretty simple to choose from.  We got our food pretty quick.  I had the yellow curry chicken. It was mediocre at best. My colleague's Beef panang tasted pretty bland. Chicken was prepared probably in advance as it was not as hot as we had hoped. Prices for downtown is reasonable and the service is fast.
4	I pretty much love this place.  AND the retro lighting!The fresh spring rolls are really REALLY good and the lemon grass and shrimp soup, Tom something!The pad thai is good, I've had better but it's not bad here.The service is good and so is the 2 for 1 beers before 6 pm.I can walk from my house which is another plus!Glad to have good Thai close to home.Prices fair.
3	Thai Hut was on my 'to-try' list for sometime now, I was in the neighborhood today so I popped in for lunch.  The restaurant has an odd vibe, it's clean but tired, yet they throw these big plasma TVs on the wall...The menu has a bit of a soup-nazi type of feel to it (NO SUBSTITUTIONS!!  NO TO-GO CUPS FOR POP!! DISHES PREPARED WITH LISTED HEAT LEVEL ONLY!!  YOU BLOW, YOU GO!! okay that last one I made up :)I ordered the lunch special of Pad C U chicken and it was decent, I would have appreciated a little more basil, but overall not too bad.  That and a glass of crappy pine-sol (a.k.a. Diet Pepsi) was just over ten bucks.  And remember kids-the smaller the pepper, the bigger the punch!!I would probably return to Thai Hut if I was in the neighborhood again, I'd like to try some of their other dishes.
4	We went again last night.I like the if you go between 3 and 6 pm 2 for 1 beers, hell yes!Finally had the Pad Thai, it was good, not the best I have ever had (in Thailand) but a good Pad Thai.  Honestly, they put TOO MUCH chicken in it!  But how can anybody complain on something like that?  I can't, I just took it home for the pups, they like spicy food :)The fried bananas and ice cream dessert is good, I am going to request they put honey on the bananas next time, and I'll BYO just in case they don't have it ;)
4	It's been many months since I last saw Bee & George at Thai Hut, so I decided to stop by and order one of the lunch specials- Pad Thai with tofu, minus the bean sprouts ($7.95).  Lunch specials come with a veggie eggroll and a bowl of veggie soup.  Looks like they've eliminated rice noodles from their filling.  I'm happy to report  there aren't any sprouts in the mix, either!  Soup was sweet, with a lot of veggies (spring onions, shredded cabbage and carrots, and I'm pretty sure there's celery, too, although I couldn't easily spot them).  Of course, I don't have to say how delicious the Pad Thai was.  This is the first time I tried it w/ stifr-fried tofu, instead of the default chicken (lunch specials all come with chicken; no fee for tofu sub, although beef and seafood all come with an extra $2 fee).  For dessert, I had an exquisite scoop of coconut ice cream made in-house!  One scoop is ample enough for two people to enjoy, but since I was dining solo, I was forced to eat it all myself :D  I could definitely taste salt, but I thought it was very complementary.  A must-try!Nice to see that B&G have added some paintings depicting everday Thai/Asian life on the main dining room walls- it's about time!  Oh, and even though kitchen staff was short and very busy with lunch traffic, Bee was gracious enough to come out and greet me with a warm hug and a hello.  I will be coming back soon for dinner!
4	Thai food is my latest obsession and I have been on the chase for the best for the past month and a half after eating at Swaddee's in Flagstaff (see my review for that one).  My friend Ayesha (also on Yelp), is a Thai food expert and she recommended this one over some of the others recommended by Yelp.  As a creature of habit, I love to order Pad Won Sen (glass noodles), wherever I go.  I am a sucker for a plate of really great and really tasty PWS.  While, the best to be had is definitely at Swaddee's, I would have to say that Thai Hut's Pad Won Sen is second best.  It has way more flavor than the PWS that I tried at Thai Orchid in Goodyear or 75 Thai in Maryvale.
3	I came here for dinner tonight, which was my second visit, the first being a few months ago for lunch. Thai Hut is pretty good. I am making a tiny comparison to Thai Elephant based on price and location, but I like different things about both places.I like the quick service at Thai Hut, even at lunch when it gets busy. The first time, I had the Pad Cee Ew (and completely butchered that spelling, but they don't have an online menu! I tried to find the proper spelling.) It was ok, but a little bland. My friend had the drunken noodles and they were awesome. Tonight I had the Yellow Curry Chicken and it was very good. Also the Thai Iced Teas were decent. Dinner was a little more pricey than I would have liked (only based on similiar places and portion sizes) but their lunch prices are spot on.
3	Little Thai restaurant in what looks like a reformed diner. News plays on a flatscreen television on the far side of the bar and it wasn't busy at all [I have late lunch so it's to be expected].I don't know if I've ever seen so many 'rules and regulations' on a menu in my life.. $2.00 for a meat substitution..? My friend ordered the pad thai and paid $2.00 for three 'overcooked and nasty' shrimp.I ordered the pad thai as well with a tofu substitution. We also got a chicken fried rice to try. The lunch special veggie soup and roll arrived and the roll was tasty but the soup was extremely salty. Our food arrived and we dug in. My pad thai wasn't bad, but it wasn't spicy in the least [I guess I should have ordered it more spicy, my fault] and I prefer a thicker sauce personally. The portion was smaller than pad thai I've ordered from other places but honestly, it worked for me because I don't eat full portions anyways.The fried rice was ...different. Not the typical certainly and I've never had Thai fried rice before. I didn't really like it but I don't know if that is personal taste or the restaurant's fault. I will say that my stomach started churning after I got home and still is, and the longer I take to write this review, the more sick I feel. Coincidence? I'm not sure.. but I do know I ordered pad thai, not MiraLAX.Staff is alright, food is alright. I, however, am not alright.
2	Two for the Hut...I know, Im harsh..Im from the Bay Area...And Pad Thai..with shrimp...should taste like shrimp... I mean, it looked like shrimp...and it was horrid... The noodles were overcooked... the sauce wasnt saucy enough... But a star for effort... I like the soup, whatever it is, thats served prior to ordering, however note..its NOTED that you will be charged if YOU DONT place an order for that soup and fried egg roll IMMEDIATELY placed before you AS SOON as you sit... What if I dont want either??? I also ordered a chicken fried rice... It had a strong taste of coconut, too many onions and once again, overcooked rice... But the staff is nice, prompt... and on their game... So I cant go any lower than 2.. Just not feeling the need to order those two things if I do decide to visit the Hut again...
5	We call this place "Thai Denny's" because it's housed in what looks like a cheap-o diner from the 70's.  It's quaint and sitting next to the street gives you a nice view of the interesting folks walking along McDowell and the incessant Phx Art Museum display of the people walking on forever.Anyway, I'm giving this place five stars...NOT because it's the best Thai food I've ever had, but because this place is CONSISTENTLY good, no matter what I order.  And it's relatively cheap...the lunch specials are cheap, but yet the portions are large.  The dinner's are pretty cheap too.  The waitstaff is constantly filling up our water glasses...we joke and say they're "water ninjas" because sometimes our water glasses get filled without us even knowing how...they're THAT good.All the curries here rock, the pad thai is great, the Tom Yum soup is good.  No matter what we order, it comes out in light-speed timing, it's tasty, and we're happy.
3	Ok, my lunch buddy got me to try this place.  It was OK for me.  I ordered the Pad Cee Eew.  The noodles were too soft.  They fell apart before I got to taste them.  Maybe I need to try another dish next time.
2	Overpriced, just mediocre Thai food.  If the plates were 7$ instead of 11$, they'd get 3 stars from me.  I feel like I've had the best of the best in Chicago and in San Francisco, and now I'm a spoiled jerk about Thai food, because I can be.   And this place is unfortunately on the lower rungs.  Too bad too, because its one of the only 3 Thai places in the area.
5	So I've been to Thai Hut several times, and have been a fan since day one. I was stuck on the Drunken Noodles with Chicken, but decided to try their Pad Thai one day. Boy am I happy I did, this is my favorite version of the dish I've had so far!  I'm definitely not a Thai food afficianado, but this is the best I've had. The one drawback is you don't get to order the amount of spice you want, like in a more traditional Thai restaurant.
4	I've been going to Thai Hut at least monthly for nearly 2 years now. I've never eaten inside, we always just go there and pick-up the lunch order to go. I've travelled to Thailand on several occasions and to me this is the more "authentic-tasting" Thai food than Thai Elephant (though I like them too). Plus, everyone that works here appears to be THAI. Thai Elephant cooks are usually Mexicans. I'm not saying Mexicans aren't allowed to cook THAI food, but Thai Hut gets the nod for authenticity in my opinion. The dishes are very good, though can be bland at times. I'm tempted to say that their style of Thai food could be thought of as "Bangkok-style" where dishes are usually more bland than say from Isaan or other parts of Thailand, which tend to use more peppers and spices.The Ginger Chicken & Pepper Steak are my favorite dishes here. The Thai spring rolls are also quite tasty. Staff are generally friendly, but sometimes when the waitresses see us comin' I think they know we are only doing take-out, so no tip for you!Yes, as others have commented, the previous restaurant in this building was one of those 50-style dinners, but they have a nice assortment of Thai decorations that the atmosphere is pretty cool, though casual.
4	Almost perfect! 4* b/ I always seem to spend like $20 here on one meal.My favorite Thai restaurant in Phoenix though.I am 24/7 craving the soup with the cilantro and chicken in it...holy crap, the broth is amazing and it is colorless...but super flavorful. If you like cilantro you have to try it.Also, I love the restaurant and how it looks like an ex-diner. I hate the fact that at a lot of the booths either you or your guest is forced to look at the atrocious glowing walking couple that is on the East side of the PHX art museum..it is so annoying..so disproportionate... too languid a pace...anyways..Also, the best dream I have ever had (I know, I know, everyone hates dream stories including myself but this is good) is that I fell asleep inside thai hut during lunch, and they let me sleep..then to top it off sent me home with chicken fried rice..this place rules!
5	By far, this is the best Thai restaurant. We travel a lot and have eaten Thai in almost every state that we visit. We have eaten Thai in 8 states.The food is consistent as is the service. We do eat here often and the servers know us and our beverage of choice. Even if it has been a month since we have been there, they know what we want and where we like to sit.The food is of good quality and is consistently good. We have never gone in there and had a bad meal. We often order the same meals and every single time, they taste the same. That's hard for a restaurant to do, but they pull it off.The building is not the fanciest building but it is great for people watching as it sits on McDowell next to the Cancer Survivor's Park and it is all windows.This is another restaurant that as friends and family come to visit from the mid-west, we will be frequenting. It is our favorite restaurant.
4	I just got back from lunch here with a co worker, and yes I am writing this instead of working, but come on its Friday. From the external appearance I was unsure as it is not in a bright, shiny  and new building, the interior looked like a old diner meets cliche Chinese food. As soon as we took our seats were were served some cabbage soup that  had a good amount of flavor, and a crispy small veggie spring roll that was not too greasy.I oped for the Spicy (Drunken) noddles. I was very happy that they let me get tofu instead of chicken. This was a great dish, an abundant mix of vegetables, home made style flat noodle pieces and some of the best tofu I have ever had in a delightfully light and spicy sauce. The tofu was Julianneed and well fried to give it a very firm texture and interesting mouth feel. My co-worker's Teriaki chicken was not as great, but who orders Japanese food at a Thai place and expects it to be stellar. For a lunch the price of 7.95 was a bit steeper than I would have liked.There is a bar top with stool for those who wish to dine solo, and great views of the Phoenix art museum out the window. There is ample parking in the adjacent lots.
3	Lunch after a museum visit. Lots of parking. Had chicken panang curry & husband had the drunken noodles. Seattle (home) has really good Thai so based on my normal experience, this place was ok. The panang curry didn't have the normal sweeter taste of coconut but a stronger curry flavor. We asked for spice (four stars) and they gave us what we wanted. We would return.
5	We drove in from LA for spring training.  Had a free evening and the old Pizza Hut remake looked interesting.  To our great surprise, we had one of the best Thai meals in a long time.  Once you get inside, you'll forget this used to be an old Pizza Hut and you'll be transported to a bit of Southeast  Asia.  Good food, good service...and the price is great.  I loved the eggplant with beef and the Pad See Yew (spelled differently).  Was going to go again, but they close on Sundays...boo.  Don't know if it's consistently this good, but for our one night in Phoenix, we were pleasantly surprised.  Definitely worth a try if you're looking for good Thai food.  You don't necessarily have to have a lot of heat in your food because they have plenty of dishes for chili-adverse people like me but it's there for those that need the heat.  The food presentation and description will remind you of Chinese cuisine, but the flavors are unique and delicious...and definitely NOT Chinese.  The Thai fried rice is definitely more than a side dish...it's a meal in itself.  Try this place and you won't be disappointed.
2	I had lunch at Thai Hut for the first time this week.  My first impression was not at all favorable as I drove into the parking lot.  There was trash littering the parking lot, and the side of the building and the door were dirty.  It was not an inviting scene and I almost left.  Once inside, the scene was more favorable though walking through a deserted dining room to get to the front room also did not leave a good impression.  I thought I had really made a mistake coming to Thai Hut.I was pleasantly surprised to find that the front area of the restaurant was very nice, bright, and clean.  The servers greeted me warmly.  My server was delightful, helpful and cheerful.  She gave me time to decide, answered my questions knowledgeably, and delivered my meal quickly. All the servers were professional and warm.  That was a good sign. The soup and egg roll that accompanied my lunch were a nice touch, though the soup was much too salty for my taste.  I ordered the glass noodles.  While the dish was okay, it was also salty and lacked the flavorfulness I enjoy when eating the same dish at Siam or Thai Lahna or Touch of Thai.  I was hoping this would be a great restaurant, but it's not.  It was nothing special, and left me wishing for something really good.
3	03/03/10I wish I came here more often for lunch and some homemade coconut ice cream, but the limited menu selections leave me wishing for more options.  I tell myself the next time I go, I'll try something different, but I always end up w/ the green curry.  While its curry sauce doesn't have the creamy consistency, nor the flavor punch, found at other fave Thai establishments, I can't complain since the lunch menu price it comes w/ is easy on the wallet- especially when you can expect to find the same flavor and sauce consistency at Wild Thaiger for double the price and half the portion-size!The coconut ice cream is still pretty tasty, but I don't crave it as much now; I find it too salty.  If I do order it again, I'll have to skip the entree and just order the banana and coconut ice cream dessert.
3	Things taste different closer to closing time.  Especially when you decide to mop floors with heavy pine scented de-greaser.  I can never look at green curry the same thanks to the resin flavored background competition that wharfed my senses on this visit.  I hasve to admit, it started out promising as the tom yum soup was delivered promptly and heated and with bowls to share with others.  Some translation issues existed and may explain why my thai tea arrived as a dessert tea versus fresh iced tea.  Another matter of interpretation is the meaning of a cup versus a bowl of soup.  A small negotiation was made to include some cashews in the meal choice of my friend who thought they'd go lovely with beef and broccoli.   The agreement hiked the price up a bit but in the end he was satisfied with the food.I did like the fact that we were given water and it was refilled often and there seemed to be a decide
5	A great neighborhood restaurant just down the street from us, we moved here 6 months ago and try to eat at Thai Hut about twice a month. My wife and I love coming to Thai Hut because not only for the great location right off Central Ave & McDowell, inside an old greasy-spoon diner, but also because they serve delicious Thai food with fresh ingredients at a great price.
3	Food is sacred in certain cultures, just ask the French. In America, it is done differently.  It's blasphemous to eat certain SE Asian food alone, such as Thai & Lao food . It is best when shared and eaten in a communal setting,  this may help ease the political tension a lot in Thailand between the rural folks and bourgeoise city people. My group of 3 arrived on a rainy moonson day to chat work , Phoenix and talk about local SE Asian, Arabic, and Jewish food places found in beaten down strip malls where they usually tasted best. We examined the menu and concurred on the 3 dishes to share based on preferences for separate meat dishes and flavors for that overall balanced palette experience. Our food arrived in about 10 minutes; the pork larb, pepper chicken and pad thai..The larb had pork that seem to have been grounded by the pottery " V bowl" ; very homemade. The dish though flavorful with garlic and spice seemed a bit dried and lacked the sauces that makes it a wonderful messy occassion that it should be. It looked like and tasted more like street food.  But we had no problem using our hands and dry rice to scope it up. The pepper chicken with broccoli was good. The pepper left an aftertaste and it felt right. However, the beef pad Thai tasted typically average like most other Thai place; nothing special about it. It had a lot more sauce and food coloring than I expected.  The most awesome attribute about most noteworthy traditional Thai and Lao places was that most dishes are about $10 and normally you have 3 people share 2 large oversize dishes. This place lacked this aspect as the 3 dishes we received for that price was an individual small portion size. We weren't provided extra individual plates or side rice bowls for each person. Afterwards, I think that was the design intent of this place.  The service was something you have to ask for though the young Thai lady was very nice server.Our group agreed that the food was good though not memorable; just could have more sauce and quantity compared to the other Thai places nearby.The ambience is typical of a place that probably was a converted Dennis restaurant.  The restaurant is smartly located near Central Avenue and has plenty of back parking. The crowd was about a third capacity.Despite some of the downsides I've mentioned. The food was tasty though I may be hungry still, but that is better than going to an Americanized Thai restaurant where I wouldn't have eaten much. Out of respect for the efforts to make these dishes, our group tipped properly and thank them.What really helps this place is that it has a bar setting with television that invites one to come back again and eat a quick meal alone. This mitigates the blasphemy of appearing anti-social eating this type of food..
4	Have you ever gotten an orgasm from peanuts?  No?  Well, I just did.Number 27.  Medium hot.  Went with Robert M & Bacon for dinner tonight and we each got a dish to share.  Started with the fried tofu.  Bland.  the sauces were watery.  Also got shrimp rolls.  Yummy.In all, we had a red curry (#26) which was good, but it seemed as if the green beans had been frozen then cooked.  Also, the #34, medium spicy.  Had a peanut taste, a little sweet.  And then: #27.  (angels singing) Now, I don't know the names of any dishes.  I always order by number.  When it came to the table, I drooled all over my white shirt.  And, well, something else in my white panties.  Amazing!Service was quick and friendly.  I love that it's RIGHT ON McDowell.  Tables face the street, which you don't get very often here in the PHX.My leftovers are in the fridge.  Since I'm single and need the *ahem* effects of #27, I'll be having it before bed.  As a snack.  To get ready for bed.  #27.  Marry me.  I'll be the first person to marry a number.
4	We drive past this place all the time, there are always ample people seated on the front window and a Singha sign hangs proudly proclaiming "Don't worry, we have cold beer to wash that red curry down with".The restaurant is undoubtedly set in a 50s style diner which has been overhauled with the appropriate amount of asian-inspired chachkies. The juxtaposition of 50's style polynesian inspired fixtures, a bubbling fish tank and the smell of curry is just like being in Bankok...almost.Our table for two was promptly seated at twenty to nine, they close early so make this a first stop on your night out in CenPho.The food was outstanding: Chicken Satay with a delicious peanut sauce, skewered and grilled as one would expect.The Tom Yum Soup with chicken, fresh mushrooms and an ample amount of fresh lemon-grass was when we knew we had a winner. The broth was tangy and the floating, dried red chilis made a perfect contribution to the flavors.The Red Chicken Curry with green beans and bell peppers and Pad Thai with Chicken and Shrimp were also outstanding. Portions are generous so beware!All of this was paired masterfully with a crisp Singha beer or two, the faint taste of fromaldahide only found in Asain beers lets you know you've just had an authentic experience.That Hut is highly recommended for their authentic food, great tastes and value.
4	First off i have to say that today's lunch here was very refreshing was so happy to finally find a Thai Rest that was so friggin good. Almost as good as my beloved Pong Sri In NYC China Town.I've learned over the years that if they can make a simple dish of Phad Thai and Chicken with yellow curry,It's all good with me.So as i ordered the the above mentioned they served a bowl of soup and a spring roll with my order,was very happy with it good flavors and staff was really great.Then it was time for the main dish and i was really impressed with how fast it came out and flavor-full it was.Infact i was so pleased that i ordered a second helping of Phad Thai for late nite noshing.Being from NJ/NY area where food is the King i have to say again that i will be back and others should go here as well.I traveled over 40 miles from Maricopa (Pinal County) to come eat here.There's no such thing as too far to go for a great meal.I've been real disappointed so far with alot of the restaurants we've visited.Adios Amigos
4	A word to the wise, at a Thai place order Thai, you will be rewarded.I went in with a few coworkers for my birthday lunch. I went with the Drunken Tofu noodles again as I have yet to find a place with a dish this good.  The sauce is just amazing, lite with great flavors that pop in addition to a nice spice level. The wide homemade style noodles are a favorite and the Julianned tofu has a nice texture.The lunch special for $7.99 includes soup and a spring roll (with the soup) which is $1-2 higher than I would like.A co worker ordered a Chinese dish, it looked fine but nothing special. If you come in go for the Thai food.I also found this trip the condiment section with chili oil and siriacha sauce, but surprisingly I did not use either as the spicing here was spot on and did not need it.
4	Per ROTD from dear friend Amy D, I wound up at Thai Hut for a lunch date with mi mami. I personally love Thai food, the perk to growing up in Cali and having friends from all over the world. My mom, she is a tough cookie to please, but she said I could choose, so Thai it was!  I tried getting myself #27, as Amy had a boombastic-orgasmic, but apparently #27 was proposed to by Amy last night, so it was not available for lunch, only for dinner. :-/  Nonetheless, my mom had the Garden Delight and she added the shrimp. She loved it! I had the Yellow Curry Chicken, as the waitress said it was the closest thing to #27. I got some crushed peanuts, cause I am single and I gotta get them anyway I can! Both these items came from the lunch menu, $7.95 includes a little soup, spring roll, and steamed rice. Of course, I had to have my Thai iced tea. I liked this place, and love that it is so close to Downtown ASU, which will make it my new Tues or Thurs spot. My mom also got the coconut ice cream, she said it was good!
5	After months of suggesting Thai Hut for take-out, I am finally fulfilled! I have been wanting to come back and eat but being the good wife, we have gone to other Thai places to satisy my husband. By this point, I finally put my foot down and said "DO NOT try to talk me out of Thai Hut!!!" (True story, ask my husband.) I pretty much only get one thing here, the garlic pepper chicken ($10). Considering I HATE pepper in my food, this dish is delicious to me (hence why I am loyal to it). It is chopped chicken mixed with cabbage, broccoli, carrots with a nice garlicky broth. They give a pile of white rice with it, too, which is just perfect. If I put my mind to it, I can EASILY polish off most of this dish. Well, maybe the lunch size which is still a good portion. With the lunch, I can make a second meal. With a dinner, I had plenty for dinner and was able to split the rest into two lunches. Sweet! Garlic pepper chicken two more meals????? It doesn't get any better than that. If you have a chance to eat-in, try and score a window table facing McDowell...great people watching and views of the city streets. I just love it!
1	Went here to pick up my takeout. Restaurant wasn't the cleanest looking inside. The food was meh and it left me and the old lady feeling ill for the rest of the night. Must have been some bad meat or something. Stay away!
5	Service and food here is better than the majority of high end hip restaurants in town. You can usually walk in, order and be out of here in under 30 minutes and the food and pricing is excellent. Had the the spicy noodles and fried banana for a dessert and was awesome. Love it every time.
4	Definitely go for lunch! They have you in and out in under half hour and offer a delicious soup and spring roll while you wait for your meal. The Thai iced coffee is the best in town. The yellow curry is delicious and filling. You may have to roll yourself to your car after lunch. If you happen to go at dinner time, try the chicken wing appetizer, the sauce is super flavorful and delicious! This place used to be Mel's Diner or something like that about 4 years ago, I wish they would invest a little to update the decor.
4	9/22/10Finally ventured away from green curry today and tried two new (to me!) dishes: #57 Egg Noodle Soup BBQ Pork ($9.95) and #36 Stir-fry Eggplant ($9.95).  Since I was planning on taking most of the noodle soup home, I didn't want the noodles to thicken up from the broth, so I asked for the soup entree to be "dry."  When the dish arrived w/ a little broth, I initially was disappointed.  That is, until I tried the broth!  What was I thinking?  The broth tasted so good!  I also loved the bbq pork w/ the egg noodles.  I loved the combo so much, I finished the entire serving!  I'm definitely going to order this one the next time I visit!  :)The stir-fried eggplant entree was also very tasty.  My only complaint is that it was very greasy.  OK, I did have a second complaint-- why can't I order this dish w/ an accompaniment of egg noodles instead of rice?  I CAN'T eat rice!  I even told them to charge me for it, in case it was a question of substitution (which some places frown upon), but I wasn't given that option, either :(  Oh well... I decided I'd sulk a bit and then reward myself w/ some coconut ice cream.  While their ice cream still tasted good, my stomach can't take it anymore... Wonder if they've changed the recipe?  Today wasn't the first time I couldn't keep it down.  Too greasy, I think.
5	Outdated interior and plastic seats, but this is my favorite Thai food in PHX. Seems like it may be family owned and service is good. Fairly priced and good central location.
4	Good fast lunch specials.  Reliable friendly service.  I do wish it was a bit more customized.  i.e. you sit down, everyone gets the eggrolls and soup.  etc etc.  But overral for a fast lunch (not nearly as fancy as Wile Thaiger or even Thai Basil) you can't go wrong.  This is a good casual lunch space for co-workers.  I wouldn't try taking any clients to this place as it still looks like an old diner, complete with vinyl booths for lunch under 8 dollars it's a great place.
4	Ordered takeout of Tom kah Kai and spring rolls. Quick service, excellent flavors. Thai hut is family run and the flavors are authentic and rich.Haven't had the chance to dine in yet but if the takeout is any indication,the service and food should be excellent.
4	I finally tired another dish. The Panag Curry with tofu. It was great too. Rich thick curry crisp veggies and tons of flavor.One thing I am upset with its the new $1 fee to use a credit card for bills that are less than $10. So get a drink or bring cash...
1	I live right down the street from this place, and I finally decided to try it out. My Husband and I ordered the Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, Pineapple Fried Rice, and Pad Ga Pow, (we were on a Thai binge).  The bill came out to $60 bucks.  To start, we didn't even eat in to experience the service, but the take out service was even terrible.  She didn't even hand us the food, she just pointed to the food on the counter and said, "It's over there."  Yes, can you believe that?  I mean I don't even think the the Fedex or UPS guy would appreciate that and they pick up for a living!Now to the food, it was not good.  The only decent item was the Pineapple fried rice, everything else was too sweet, they didn't balance out the flavors at all.  Thai Hut, I will not be coming back.
2	I have to be honest; I found Thai Hut average at BEST. I may not be an expert, but Thai is my favorite food (I eat it at least once a week) and I recently spent 10 days in Thailand, so I have had my fair share and I certainly know a good meal when one is put in front of me... and no such thing happened here at Thai Hut. My food and my hot tea were lukewarm-bordering-on-cold, the flavor in the Tom Kah soup was minimal and completely overpowered by the chili flakes they put on the top (fist time I have ever seen that) and the yellow curry, while traditional, left a lot to be desired in both the taste and the consistency (very soupy).The service was okay, but certainly not friendly. I actually even felt uncomfortable at times.With all the other Thai places in the area (Thai Elephant, Wild Thaiger, Thai Basil) I have no reason to make it back to Thai Hut. Sowwweeee!
5	I love Thai Hut! My favorite Thai restaurant.
3	Nice place for a no-frills dinner. We went there around 8:30 on a Saturday night, and there were just four other diners, excluding us, though while we ate, quite a few people came in for to-go orders. I got the Thai red curry which came with steamed white rice and my friend got the cashew chicken, which also came with steamed white rice. I liked my order better because it was not very spicy, and had gravy to mop up the rice with. My friend's dish had whole cashews, which I thought didn't blend into the whole dish. Also, our dishes were rather cold. I would have liked them hotter (temperature). Oh, and one more thing....I wish the waitress would have served us with a smile.The bill came to $21 for us, before tip, which isn't too bad for a dinner for two. Tip: They accept to-go orders half an hour after they close (9:30 on Saturdays). How cool is that!
5	The red curry chicken is delicious!This is a great lunch spot. It's in an old converted diner, so it has a very unique feel to it. I cozied up to the bar, and was happy to have hot, tasty soup and an egg roll immediately placed in front of me when they brought me a menu. For a drink I ordered an iced tea, which was a flavored brew, not your run-of-the-mill fare often served at quick lunch spots.The red curry chicken is delicious! Oh, did I already say that? The main course was served extremely promptly, and the entire dish was wonderful. Great cuts of chicken, mouth-watering sauce, fresh vegetables. I was really impressed with the speed of service, too, which would make this a great spot to hit if you need a great meal in a hurry.
5	love this place! the food is consistent, fast, fresh. i live less than 3 minutes away and it's my go-to thai restaurant for take-out. i've tried all the thai places downtown, frankly the others are not good.  i have been to thailand - yes eventually you get sick of eating thai food around day 9 -  this place is spot on for authentic flavors in the downtown area.i tend to eat like an 80 year old woman - eating the same things over and over again. but i've tried a handful of dishes here: love the curry dishes i've had - yellow, green and red. the tom kha kai soup looks like nothing special but is so tasty. yummy springrolls. the pepper steak, stir-fry eggplant with beef, and of course the old standard - chicken pad thai. delish! don't let the sketch look of the building deceive you, inside they are kind and have table linens and traditional decor and always fresh roses everywhere! it's usually packed for lunch and dinner for a reason. because i live so close I always go the take-out route and love having left overs for a good feed for a couple of days. give it a go. "thankyoubuhbyyyyyye"
5	I am absolutely wild about their garlic pepper chicken. I have it almost every time I go, which has been quite a few times. Love the view out the big windows, love the decor, love the service. A Phoenix treasure!
4	This place is gem behind the Central Phoenix library and next to Walgreens. They have great lunch specials that are worth a visit. My favorite dish so far is the spicy noodles. The noodles were flavorful and pretty darn spicy, just how they should be. If you're in the mood for some authentic Thai food, you gotta give this place a try.
5	Great service, fantastic food, each and every time. Takeout is just as great, although getting a noodle soup to go isn't as good as an experience as eating it in.Very friendly.  Seems family owned/operated, but I'm not sure.I've been here many times over the past few years.
5	I love this place.  My co-workers and I go here at least a couple of times a month for lunch.  The food and service are excellent and you can get out of there for around $10 for lunch.
1	Worst Pad Thai yet. Tasted like a dollop of Skippy peanut butter had been added AND they actually substituted parsley for cilantro!
2	I was really hoping for better, stopped in for some quick Pad Thai take out before heading to class at the ASU downtown campus. To be honest, the portion size is just ok, but why this review is only getting 2 stars is because I ordered and paid for extra shrimp... I got a total of 7, I also asked for it to be spicy, its sweet, actually its to sweet and i'm very disapointed over all. I may give it another shot if pei wei is extremly busy otherwise I get what i pay for their.
1	rude service and no vegan options. they didn't even try to offer mediocre service. wow. maybe it was just a bad day.. but i'd never bother to go back or suggest the place to anyone.
3	Every time I've eaten at Thai Hut Steve Martin's King Tut gets stuck in my head;http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/king-tut/1037261/So I'm not sure how this makes sense, but just go with it:Thai Hut (Thai Hut)Now when they was a young resto,They never thought they'd seePeople stand in line to eat their delicacies.(Thai Hut) How'd you get so funky?(Funky Hut) Did you do the monkey?Born in Arizona,Moved to Babylonia (Thai Hut).(Thai Hut) Now, if I'd knownthey'd line up just to see em',I'd trade in all my moneyAnd bought me a museum. (Thai Hut)Buried with a donkey (funky Hut)I'm my favorite honkey!Born in Arizona,Moved to Babylonia (Thai Hut)Dancin' by the Rio Salado, (Disco Hut)The ladies love their style, (Boss Hut)Rockin' for a mile (Rockin' Hut)they made me eat a crocodile.They gave their life for tourism.Golden idol!They's an EgyptianThey're sellin' you.Now, when I die,now don't think I'm a nut,don't want no fancy funeral,Just one like ole Thai Hut. (Thai Hut)He coulda won a Grammy,Buried in their Jammies,Born in Arizona, moved to Babylonia,They was born in Arizona, got a condo made of stone-a,Thai Hut!
3	Ate here the other day with a friend for lunch, it was my first time there.I had the Tom Kha Gai soup, my friend had the Thai fried rice with tofu, each was "Thai hot."  We shared. Scrumptious! The fried rice dish was large. We also shared some mini eggrolls. Mini.I think my soup could've been more dense with lemon grass and cilantro, but it was yummy anyway. I guess it's cuz I'm a sucker for this dish. I think it's much better at Mailee's in Scottsdale but you pay 5 bucks more.The place is spartan, not fancy, has some damage, looks like what you would expect by looking at the outside. I'm not picky as long as the place isn't a complete dump. Thai restaurants for me don't have to be princess palaces.... I've enjoyed Char's for years, and it showed its age but wasn't in a state of disrepair.They have some beers on hand as well.The menu has a variety of curries, which I look forward to trying.I'd like to try this place again, I just don't have much more to say at the moment other than I spied a few dishes on their way to their enjoyers, and they looked appealing.Convenient location. Worth a try, not bad. You know if it was I'd tell you.Give it a try for weekday lunch, they have a lunch special menu.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!  We eat here every Saturday as long as we are in town.  My husband eats here during the week too!  Weekday lunches are a great deal and quick!  The veggie soup is delicious.  The golden wings - Delicious... chicken satay is good too.  For an entree... we always get Pad Prik King chicken or sometimes shrimp but its always always delicious!  Have been trying to find a thai place with this dish closer to home (east valley) but haven't found one yet!  Service is terrific!  FYI for those of you who just order Pad Thai... it is very sweet here so if you don't like it sweet... order something else.  Other things we've tried that were good... pepper steak - very good - just dont eat a lot of red meat, massamum curry with chicken good... also we order everything medium to thai hot... like very spicy!
3	3.5.  Good lunch.  Water cooler and cups just inside the door.  Lots of customers.  Thin soup and  very good spring roll for appetizer before ordering.  I had the green curry chicken, medium.  Great Thai coconut milk-simmered chicken curry.  My Thai craving, sided with a large scoop of white rice.  It was good.  Worth a return trip for other menu items.
5	I love the food but this place seems to be in a bad area. Saw b-b holes in the glass windows. I feel bad for the owners because this could be a really nice place. The Waitresses are sweet and very approachable.  The funny thing is when they ask how hot I want the meal, I always say "suicide hot". I have yet to be disappointed by this place.
5	This place is so strange looking but the food was great. It seems to be a diner that was converted into a Thai place but all the original diner furniture and stuff is still there.The food was delicious, though, despite the weird setting. I had the drunken noodle lunch special and my friend had the red curry. Both were hot, fresh, and had a wide variety of vegetables which was very nice. The drunken noodles had the perfect amount of seasoning and slightly charred, smoky tasting noodles, while the red curry was bright and the Thai hot really was spicy. Thai iced tea was also nice and a good accompaniment to all the flavors going on in our meal.I will try it again for sure if I am in the area.
4	I've liked Thai Hut since I found it. Though I can't rate all the menu items, I absolutely love the spring rolls and there homemade sweet and sour sauce. Yes, they make there own and one of the few places in Phoenix that doesn't serve that nasty bright pink stuff most places have. It also can be a bit on the spicy side, it varies a bit every time I've gone.  A real good dish (can't remember the name of it exactly) I think is pag ga pow (the only thing I ever order besides the rolls). Its finely chopped chicken with garlic and basil, also when I went there with a group, though everyone stated they liked there dish they all tried a sample of mine and kept on sampling till I had to defend my meal with a fork.
3	I have been here several times since they first opened.  I have never been overly impressed.   But, this time was really bad. I went early in the day at the beginning of the lunch, so they were not too busy. Food was so so and i never got a refill of hot tea until i had to ask for it.    The worst part was the service. Lots of personnel chatter between the servers.   One of the girls were putting make up on (in the Dinning Room) and another was on her computer.  This is just not what you do in the dinning room of a restaurant.   While ignoring your customers/  There are so many good choices for Thai. I won't be back here. Sorry!
2	I have mixed feelings about this place. I pass it on my way to work every day, and finally I had a chance to try it out after months of intending to. The good: There were only two people working, but they handled a large lunch rush pretty efficiently. I like it that they bring out a complimentary spring roll and soup while you wait for them to take your order. The food came out pretty quickly considering the crowd, and they took my money at the end with no undue delay--maybe a little too fast as I discuss below.The bad: The food was bland. I assume it was catering to American tastes, but when I asked for it to be spiced up (which the menu indicated was an option), I was told that they would give me peppers on the side. Service was not friendly, but not exactly unfriendly either. They could have benefited from one or two extra servers. They also seemed like they were in a big hurry for us to leave, though the crowd was thinning by the time we were done. I'll cut them slack on this one, since it was lunch and I am sure most people are in a hurry. My wife and shared the Thai Hut Chicken Noodles and Pad Thai. The former tasted eerily of Campbell's Chicken and Noodle soup with some of the broth removed, while the latter was no better than the ready-to-eat version that they sell at Fresh and Easy. I'm spoiled living where I do in Tempe, so close to about a dozen really good Thai places, so your mileage may vary. I like the diner-like appearance of the place. It's almost like a Waffle House, only with Thai cuisine (or at least, the watered-down, Americanized version of it. I also appreciate the speed for the lunch crowd. But in all, I was not too impressed.
2	Pretty lackluster Thai food in a good location.
3	Easily here once a week for lunch or grabbing Drunken Noodles to go.  Very large portions and lots of spicy keep me happy.  Usually can split it into two meals so they great service will bring you a to go container.
4	Haven't been here for a while; still great service and great food; had rice noodle soup...Yummy...
4	This review is solely based on a mid-week work lunch. I would not go to Thai Hut for dinner (not much of a vibe), but if you work downtown and want to splurge on a quick Thai lunch - this is your spot. It's speedy fast. There's a nice list of lunch specials to choose from and you'll have your soup and spring roll the minute you sit down and a gigantic drink (so you're never waiting on refills). I've never walked away unhappy. The food is tasty and the price is right.
5	Don't let the long, slim, dining room and strange neon signs deter you... Yes, the decor and architecture is a little strange, but the food is so flavorful and the service SO FAST and friendly, you will be so thankful you tried our luck on this unique little place. Coconut curries are my favorite, and while the prices are not cheap, it is comparable to everything else in the area... especially for the large portions that will easily feed two people or make for great left-overs!
4	I work nearby, and I find myself here for lunch at least a couple times per month.   I love this place, it's no-frills but the food is great and the staff are totally, and I mean totally unpretentious.  The same cannot be said for Wild Thaiger up the street.   At Thai Hut, lunch only costs about $10 with tip, and it's served hot and fast no matter how busy they are.  My personal favorite is the Cashew Nut Chicken, but their curries are also outstanding.  Make sure to ask for the spice and sauce tray and try a sprinkle of their toasted ground pepper  to liven things up.I've only been here for dinner twice, and it's surprising how much bigger the menu is at dinnertime.  The pineapple fried rice is a knockout that isn't on the lunch menu.
2	Our server was very unfriendly and unwelcoming. I felt like I should have apologized for being there.The food was very sweet ... the soup, spring roll, garden delight ... all too sweet. Nothing was spicy!Overpriced for the quality of food and service. I highly recommend you go to Thai Rama on Camelback if you want good Thai food and friendly service.
4	A couple of weeks ago we were headed to a play @ the Phoenix Theatre, since it was a bit early we decided to try this place. Unquestionably, I was a little apprehensive thinking that we might be late for the play, in addition I had several other Thai food experiences that weren't to pleasant. However, the waitress took our order and less than 3 or 4 minutes she served our meal. Needless to say, I was totally impressed with my selection the Yellow Curry Chicken meal was fantastic  the rest of my friends and my partner, ordered differently which allowed us to flavor from each meal.  Furthermore, their menu is very extensive and not bad prices for the food portions. The atmosphere and service was very nice, once again if you're expecting The Ritz  Carlton you need to move on, the staff was accommodating to me & to all of my friends . Lastly, since then we have become regular patrons to this establishment, even though there's a bit of miscommunication at times on account of the language, but that's to be expected.  In conclusion, the high quality of the food speaks for  it self.
1	Dirty. Slow and unfriendly service.  Food wasn't bad but I felt sick thinking of how dirty their kitchen might have been based on the restaurant's cleanliness.  Should have gone elsewhere.
4	We love this place. The food comes out quick and is delicious. Watch out how hot you want it. They can make your food melt your face. The Drunken noodles rule. It's a great place to eat before watching the Derby Dames play at the Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
3	Yes, the decor is very tacky and there was a filthy fishtank behind me that looked like it needed a good cleaning. However, it did have a nice hole-in-the-wall ambience in that it was laidback and not busy at all, we were seated immediately and there were only 2 other parties that were there. The tops of the tables/seating areas were clean.It has a pretty typically long menu - I narrowed in on the chicken satay and it was pretty good with a nice dipping sauce. My husband got a curry dish that he liked.So, the food was A-OK, as was the service, but they might want to update their building - both inside and outside, if they want to compete with all the great restaurants in the Central Phoenix area. Especially because they are in a great location right across from the Phoenix Art Museum and adjacent to Giant Coffee. They are excluding possible patrons who might be uncomfortable going inside.
3	The food is good but the service is less than desirable.  Every time I go I feel like the servers just cant wait until you leave.  The servers sit up at the bar and speak to each other in Thai and watch TV which is fine unless you need a refill.  They close after lunch in the middle of the day so call and see what time they open for dinner.
4	Overall good food.  We get takeout, and are never disappointed.
2	I was over the moon excited when I saw crispy pad Thai on the menu....crispy pad Thai is super hard to find outside of Chicago or Boston.   And I have been dreaming of this dish for about 8 years...so Thai Hut had some pretty big shoes to fill due to my lofty expectations.  Sadly, it did not live up to my expectations.  I asked for no egg and it did have egg.  There were barely any bean sprouts, and the few that were present were soggy and cooked, I prefer them fresh and crisp.  There were also no peanuts and I adore peanuts on any pad Thai.  These elements are what differentiates the dish from mee krob (also, dear to my heart).  The portion was  large and the noodles were nicely fried crisp.  However, the sauce didn't evenly coat the noodles and the flavor was not that great.  They also did not ask about my spice level.  Still I give them props that they even have this on their menu.The Thai iced coffee was really nice, tasty and refreshing.  My water was also refilled frequently.This place needs a makeover big time.  The ceiling needs replacing and has extensive water stains and damage.  They do have a separate room for parties.  I would prob. come back, but I would prob. try a massaman next time.2.5 stars overall.....
4	Drunken noodles were delish. Loved the lunch special that comes with a free soup and roll. The Thai iced tea was a bit overwhelming with delicious flavor, I had to water it down, but if you love sweet you'll love it full flavor. Lunch time prices were pretty reasonable and service wasn't as friendly as one would want but they were on point. I'll will for sure be back.
4	Come here ALL THE TIME - food is consistently very good at a great price!  Even the veggie soup is super flavorful.  Spring rolls are always hot & not greasy - staff is super friendly too. If you are a snob about ambience you won't  like it - it is super casual and it is about the food not the curtains or tablecloths.
4	Excellent, prompt service and wonderful food!  The massaman curry was a thing of beauty.  Definitely worth a try if you like Thai food.  I will be returning.
4	i love asian food- i also love spicy food and decent portions and thai hut gives me all of that.  the service is excellent and the drunken noodles with tofu are amazing. i get it thai hot and it is plenty spicy! i've also had their green curry, which was excellent. there are a few places in tempe that i like better, but it's the best in central phoenix, imo
4	This is our Thai standby whenever we go to Phoenix. Good food, prompt service and it's right across from the art museum. The coffee is also good. Particularly like the eggplant dish.
1	The worst Thai food. The red curry had a lot grease on top. But the red curry barely had the flavor of red curry. It cost me almost $11 for just the curry which is expensive compared to other restaurant. Not coming back again. I prefer to make the drive to Scottsdale to Lao's Thai for good Thai food.
2	Desperate to grab some dinner on my way back to my hotel in Downtown Phoenix, I decided on what was closest, Thai Hut. Oh I wished I drove to Wild Thaiger instead. (Wild Thaiger had better Yelp reviews but was further away). I gave them a two instead of a one because they made the fried rice correctly but the Pad Thai was awful, super wet and not at all Pad Thai. The Orange Chicken was so scarce for the $10 they charged for it. I was completely disappointed.
4	This place is great for lunch.  I like the curry dishes and all of the are good.  I can't speak to how great the other choices are. The lunch special is a good price and the quantity is good, but the speed at which the food comes out is WOW fast.  I get food faster here that in a drive thru and it healthy too.
3	Overpriced for what it is. Then again, nothing compares to wild thaiger, two miles away.
2	Food portions were gigantic and flavorless. Service was absolutely despicable. The server was sitting there texting on her phone, charging me 3 dollars for hot water and a tea-bag, and I was just sitting there, staring out the bullet holes in the glass windows, wishing I could have gone to Wild Thaiger.
1	I came here with some friends from work and it was not a good experience. The satay and sample apps were OK but the main dishes were all kind of bland. I covered mine in hot sauce and it was still bland.The service was not good either. The size of the plates did not fit the table and we have to help the server kind of move everything around but it was tough since everything came out at the same time.
1	This was the second time I have been here to pick up some takeout since it's right around the corner, but will never be coming back.  My roommate and I became ill last night about 5 hours after eating here.  This was definitely food poisoning.  We were both up all night sick as heck....  I will spare the details.  We both had to call in sick to work today as well!  I have already filed a complaint with the Board of Health...  Also, check out the picture that someone posted on here of their storage area.  Had I seen that I would never have set foot near this place.  Beware!!!!!
2	Well, I really wanted to try to find a good Thai place near my new house. This isn't it. Not even close. The curry (panang w/chicken for me, masaman w/tofu for the wife) looked more like a canned beef stew than curry. Both were a weird brown thick slop with chunks of brownish stuff in it. They both looked exactly the same. The also tasted sweet with a good touch of heat. I had friends at another table who ordered entrees and they looked much better than my curry. I am giving 2 stars only because the staff was really nice and helpful. If not, it would have only been 1 star.
5	THIS place is AWESOME!!!! Friendly, clean and the food was GREAT!!!!
4	Been going here regularly for years. Never had a bad meal or service. Yeah i've had better Thai food but not in Phx(LA SF & Vegas come to mind) I respect Yelpers but I'm at a loss for the wide range of reviews. Maybe the owners know us or maybe we're lucky but we'll keep coming back
4	I didn't like what I ordered due to personal taste (nothing wrong with the food).  I have never had a coconut milk based curry before.  It was fun to try something new, but the green chicken curry is not for me.  I should have stuck with my usual Ginger Chicken.  The bowl of soup and the roll that came with the lunch special were very good.  The Thai Iced Tea had a tea milk orangish flavor to it.  It was weird tasting on its own, but enhanced the flavors of the food and cooled my mouth from the spiciness.  I would not hesitate to return and try something else.  Also, I found the staff very friendly and in general happy people to have customers.
4	My company just used Thai Hut to cater our Open House Event today! The event went great and everyone complimented the food. We ordered party trays of Orange Chicken and Pad Thai (delicious) along with some of their spring rolls. Overall they were very patient and accommodating with our order and I would absolutely recommend them for their food and catering services. :)
1	Worst Thai I've ever had in Phoenix. The beef in the Thai beef salad was worse than gnawing on rubber bands. The tom yum soup was on the bland side, and the spicy noodles were slightly mushy from being overlooked. The sticky rice with mangoes was not great but the best of what we had. I was really hoping this love would be good since I just moved in the neighborhood. Very disappointing.
2	Not so much....  I also had green curry, which I have had 200 times at other places.  It did not taste right.  I went there yesterday and I'm still cringing today.  It might just be what I ordered, but Thai places should absolutely be judged by the curry... it's a staple... it's what a lot of people order.
3	I eat Thai food like 3 or 4 days a week.  Thai Hut is a good place if you're looking for a cheap, quick lunch.  There is a good selection of lunch menu items.  Check out the gra pao chicken.  Service is hit or miss.  Definitely not my favorite Thai in town, but it remains a go-to spot for me during weekday lunches.
4	Great noodle soups!
2	I went here for the first time to satisfy a pregnancy craving for Pad Thai. I don't know if they forgot to ask how spicy I wanted it or just assumed because I was pregnant I didn't want it spicy but I ended up with a plain lack luster plate of something I can't even call Pad Thai. The noodles were skinnier then regular pad Thai noodles and the taste was quite bland. I am giving it two stars because the waitresses were nice and attentive. But I wouldn't ever return, not for Pad Thai at least.
2	It's okay, but there certainly is better Thai available in the area.  Had the drunken noodles and masaman curry. Noodles where bland and gummy and needed a healthy dose of Sirracha. Curry was just okay but they screwed up the order (ordered only veg, came with chicken and tofu). To top it off the service was super slow and spotty. The place was busy though so maybe I didn't order the right stuff.
1	Blech.  This place appears to have changed ownership some time in the past few months, and the food has gone way down hill.   The biggest shock has been to see what's happened to my favorite Cashew Nut Chicken, which has been turned from a light, bright, flavorful dish into nothing more than an oily mush.   I don't think I'll be back.
4	Just eat the drunken noodles and the peanut sauce. Just do it. I love this place, although I do agree that it isn't quite as good as it was a few years ago. It's still the best druken noodles and peanut sauce in my book.
5	My bf loved the soup (Tom young goong). I got the pad thai the first time, which was good.. even tho I'm not a noodle person. The second time I got the yellow curry, and everyone on here says it's not spicy enough... um.. it was SO SPICY I couldn't even eat it. I threw almost all of it away. Had an awesome flavor, but I'm not a spice person.  I can barely handle hot fries. Other than that it was good. Idk wtf ppl on here are b#tching abt..  The thai iced tea was amazing.  I'd go again, bc we live down the street. But I'll ask them for the MOST MILD yellow curry ever. I wish I could have eaten it bc it was soooo goood. Better than papaya thai in Tempe,  which is my fave.** edit: got the yellow curry again, but MILD this time. And I was right.... it was BOMB. so of course I order it like every single time I eat here. Which is kinda alot. Lol
3	This place is good. Nothing about it really stands out (well, if you're really picky about how a place looks it's pretty run down), but the food is fine. I like Thai food, but I'm also pretty easy to please with it. I came here with two friends and we ordered Pad Thai, a fried rice (I forget which one), and a curry (I can't remember which one, but it was similar to a Panang). We also started with some fresh rolls. This is probably a pretty basic selection of Thai food, and like I said, it all tasted good. None of it stood out as the "best" (or "worst" for that matter) Thai food I've ever had. The restaurant was empty when we came (I was surprised because it was about 7 o'clock on First Fridays). Our waitress was friendly, but a little slow. However, once we ordered our meal the food came super fast. They serve beer and wine only here as far as alcohol goes. We were gonna order a bottle of wine to split amongst the three of us. They don't have a whole lot of choices (and you wouldn't expect a place like this to), and it's mostly really cheap stuff that you wouldn't normally expect to see on a menu to order by the bottle at a restaurant, but the waitress informed us they were out of a few wines, so we got beer instead. Again, not a lot of choices, and it's mostly the cheap stuff, but they do offer two Thai beers, which we tried. I had one that tasted similar Asahi. It was fine. This place is definitely a little run down (and quite honestly, not the cleanest looking place...but not disgustingly dirty). It looks like it used to be an old-timey diner.I would come back here if someone suggested it, but I know there's other Thai places downtown that I would like to try first. I will say, the prices here are very reasonable. Most dishes are about ten dollars, and they're good sized portions.
1	Noodles were lumped together. Chicken and pork were over cooked. There wereOnly three tiny shrimp in the dish and the brown sauce was as sweet as pancake syrup. Very dissappointed in this place. Won't return due to very Bad food.
2	I gave this restaurant five stars three years ago, especially because I loved the garlic pepper chicken, but since then, the restaurant has gone downhill physically, and now, I'm sad to say, gastronomically. The restaurant had been falling into disrepair for years, but I was willing to put up with it for the food. Today, though, I pulled past three huge potholes into a spot with a puddle of what looked like toxic waste, sat down on a booth seat with two big tears in the upholstery, and was served the worst garlic pepper chicken they've ever presented me with. Instead of their usual work of art with a balance of cabbage, broccoli, carrots, and chicken, I got a pile of overcooked chicken with a little bit of cabbage, a few broccoli florets, and carrots off to the side.I told the waitress when I got there that they needed to fix their parking lot, but no one ever asked me how the food was. After I paid $38 for lunch for two, when the waitress said "see you later," I wanted to say "or not." I mean, if it's going to be this run down, this expensive, and this bad, I hope they do something to fix it; otherwise, they may as well go out of business.
5	Thai iced tea with Tom yum seafood soupExcellent must try if your a seafood lover ! Very nice staff :)
2	Sadly, the food was just okay.  I asked for not spicy and it came out spicy.  Soup was bland.  They charge for extra rice -- really a turnoff.Outdated and worn out store. They must have an air conditioning problem because there were floor fans everywhere and they didn't look temporary.A plethora of negative signs:  "Bathrooms only for patrons." "If you don't order an entree you still have to pay for the (small) egg roll and (boring) soup."  "We can refuse service to anyone."  Makes me question their wisdom for having a restaurant in this part of town.   I live down the street so I am not knocking the area just wondering why they are here if they have to post offensive signs.
5	It was soooo good! I don't like Asian food, and I am not a big fan of spring rolls. BUT this place has the best! A friend years ago told me to try it and I didn't until today. I wish I would have gone before!!
3	I've come here for lunch a few times and it's pretty decent. I like the soup and egg roll they serve you with each lunch order. Their dishes are okay but her more flavorful when you add the Thai spices.I'll keep coming back here from time to time because prices are reasonable and haven't had a bad experience yet.
5	Came here to take refuge from pouring rain a month ago and it was very warm and cozy. I ordered hot tea and a wonderful eggplant dish!
3	Mmmmmm I luv this restaurant and it makes me feel like I'm back in the Bay. The outside doesn't look that inviting but it doesn't matter. The lunch special is a good deal and super quick. I took the vookies to their first thai experience which consist of a 7,9 and a baby and they ate it all up (minus the baby of course). That's telling pretty much cuz that age is all abt a quesadilla. Overall enjoyable quality family outing. Had the thai coffee (could use more cafe less leche but that's a preference)Sum brothy vegetarian soup which comes w/the special (good & I add the thai chili collection, ask for chili tray)Spring rolls (kids loved them, but I'm not a fan I was expecting Vietnamese style equipped w/lettuce,carrots, etc w/a sweet savory dipping sauce but um no so my bad)Chix pad thai (normally I never order this dish bcus I want to explore the complexities of thai food but I let my dad order. this was so tasty, damn good amount of all the ingredients and flavors)Shrimp Red Curry (love the mild shuttle spices and creamy coconut w/bamboo & green beans. Trust choice)Orange chix (for the kiddos. Basic orange chix seemed a lil saucy to me but kids had no complaints)
5	I just love this place!  The food is tasty and very reasonably priced and the service is always fast and very friendly :-)
5	Probably one of the most underrated establishments in Phoenix. They have the best green curry and drunken noodles, hands down!!! Soups are awesome, prices are awesome, service is awesome.: the only thing that kind of is sad is that they are not open on Sunday!! Bad for me, but good for them!! Everybody needs a little rest some times!! More often than not we order pick up from here-- but it is usually ready in 15min and is not a sacrifice of quality vs in restaurant dining!! A+++!!!
3	We originally thought this was a diner of some sort, but when we walked in we quickly realized it was Thai! The employees were friendly and the location was great, being right by the art museum. I had the pad see we, and wasn't thrilled as it had a very different Smokey flavor that took away from the more sweet flavor this dish usually has. The pad Tai however was pretty good. Atmosphere: 3/10Food: 6/10Service: 6/10Price: 7/10
4	Excellent.  Best red curry I've ever had...and I've tried dozens.
5	Might be my new favorite Thai place. Try the crispy pad Thai! Thai tea is super yummy. And the spring rolls!  I'll definitely be back.
5	I went with my husband for lunch and it was delicious thay have lunch specials for good price and really good service.
5	What a surprise we had the drunken noodles and we would give this a 10.  Place was clean and the service was excellent.   If your looking for elegant this is not the place, however if your a foodie then this is the place for you.  Very large portions too.  This is right across the street from the Phoenix theatre.  Dinner AND a show
1	Let me begin by saying, due to the awful customer service, I did not eat the food.  I called in my order for pick up and when I did, the person taking the order (same as the "server" mentioned below) was already trying to overcharge me for ingredients that were already in the dish as described in the menu.  When I arrived, the same person, along with the manager, tried to charge me a $4.00 guest fee.  They did not mention the fee to me, they just added a random fee to my bill, which I just noticed because the total was more than I had anticipated.  When I asked the server/manager about it, I was told that it was a guest fee for the server.  I reminded her that I was picking up take-out and did not understand the guest fee.  She said I need to pay the server.  I again said that I would not be using a server, as I was picking up the food for take-out.  She said that she was my server and that I had to pay her the fee if I wanted the food. I kindly asked her to remove the charge and she refused.  She said it's already on my bill. The entire experience was filled with this woman attempting to overcharge me in a very deceitful manner and treating me very poorly.  The manager took no issue with her dishonest and rude practices.  As a result, I decided that I could not support the business.
