3	OMG! A new BBQ place in my hood!  hoot!  Ok, so I was driving around running errands today, and wanted to do something different.  As I was driving down Southern, I saw that this place just opened this week!  I guess they have one other location in Tempe, and this is their new place.  Anyways, aside from being family owned, its actually pretty good food.  I got the BBQ brisket sandwich on a bun and it was really really good.  I will probably return in the future for more. BUT, theres a few things that I noticed while I was here.  Please see below:Ok, first the menu is mediocure. I mean, theres the usual to choose from...BBQ brisket, chicken and pork.  Prices are fair and they state that they have lunch specials every day including Saturday and Sunday.But, the sides sucked! I ended up not getting anything on the side.   All they had was redskin potato salad and NO mased potatos.  Also, they had 2 kinds of beans and coleslaw...and that was it.  I was kinda dissapointed.  No mashed potatos?  No corn?  ugh!  none!  Ok, and I admit, Im not Martha Stewart (I know you thought I was, but I'm clearing the air on this once and for all that I'm not) but the place looks like it was decorated by a pothead!  Full fledged pothead! Its like cheba hut meets BBQ in this joint!  (no pun intended!)  WTF gives?  I've never been to a BBQ place and seen a life sized Ozzy Ozborne poster hanging on the wall! Its beyond strange!  OMG!I just couldn't get past the really odd decor! I mean, it was so weird that I actually deducted a star because it was so out of sorts.  Even though the food here was great, and I will be returning, it was oddly decorated.
4	Brisket was tender, juicy and good. Slaw was bomb, unique flavor to it. Beans were spicy as hell and very good. I was not going to try this place until I saw the Ozzy poster on the wall, then I knew I had to give it a try. I am glad I did, this is the best BBQ joint in the ASU area.
4	Mmmm--me likey!  I found this on Yelp and was glad to find a BBQ place so close to my daughter's apartment I'm visiting.  I was the designated child care for my new step-granddaughter this afternoon so I said, "Hey, let's go out to lunch!"  We headed for Andrew's 2nd location on Southern near Dobson.  First impression--specious, clean, bright, cheerful.  The Kids Meal seemed a little high at $5 till I saw what she got--about ten little mini corn dogs (she only ate two, though she liked them, just eats like a bird), huge pile of excellent fries, and drink of choice (chocolate milk). The mini corn dogs were fixed really well, deep fried like little fritters, crunchy and crisp.  I got a BBQ pulled pork sandwich on a hamburger bun with one side (cole slaw) also for $5.  The pork was tender and non-greasy, had wonderful mild flavor, and the BBQ sauce, which you pump as much as you want out of a big jug, had great flavor.  There was a spicier version available if you preferred. Cole slaw was very good--I forgot to ask if it was homemade by them but it tasted like it could be.The girl behind the counter was very cheerful and didn't rush me in choosing.  She said she usually works at the Guadalupe location but I'm glad she was here today.  As we sat and ate a leisurely  lunch I looked around and started noticing all the rock and roll posters and even album covers that seemed to be from the 70's and 80's, maybe a couple of 60's.   That added kind of a unique touch to the place.If I lived in this area, I would definitely be frequenting this place!
2	I recently underwent a BBQ metamorphosis. I hated it for as long as I can remember, mainly because I don't like to eat things that make my hands dirty. (As if you don't have your own hang-ups. Sheesh.) Then I discovered ribs.I recently visited Andrews on my tour of local BBQ eateries. The food is ok but not outstanding, but I'm not impressed with the value.A full rack of ribs is $20, which is only a dollar less than at Famous Dave's and comes with only one side and a stale white bread dinner roll. The flavor of the meat was good though it was too charred for my liking, as if they hadn't been selling enough to keep them from overcooking (no surprise). But if I'm going to pay Famous Dave's prices, I want a plate and no styrofoam.The sides weren't memorable, but the building certainly was. It looks like an Arby's that two pre-teens repainted with a couple of cans of barn red, black, and teal paint. Someone obviously put no effort into trying to make this location clean, comfortable, or appealing, so I get why it was empty at 7pm on a Friday night. If Andrew wants to survive in this not-so-great location, he's going to have to up his game.
5	I went here today for lunch, with my 3 kids.  The kids meal prices were steep I thought at 5 bucks, but like the yelper below me stated, you get plenty of food, and I actually only bought two kids meals for my 3 kids, and they didn't even finish them, they were so full.  The kids thought it was great, I got the bbq slider and chicken strips for the kiddos.  I didn't go for bbq, I was going to, but then I noticed that they had a bacon wrapped deep fried dog with coleslaw on the menu.  I love coleslaw, and have never tried a dog made like that, so I had to give it a try.  The bread was nothing to hooo hawww about, but dog was fantastic, and the coleslaw is great!  What a good combo!  I will go back to order there family meal, which sounds like a great deal!  It would be better if they had more sides, but on the other hand, when a place only has a few things to choose from, those few things are usually great!  I also noticed on the menu were fried pickles, not my cup of tea, but I know they are popular in the midwest, and they also had deep fried cheese curds!  I thought the decor was great, very relaxing, yes it was a little bit "head shopish" but, it's not over bearing, and I thought it was unique.  I don't go to eat somewhere for the decor anyway, I go for the good food!
3	Like 99% of the BBQ in AZ, this place is "meh". I actually got the shits both times I ate here and was unimpressed both times. I actually went back after my first unpleasant experience hoping for a different outcome. Not so much.
