2	This place has had a grand opening sign out on the side of the building since August 2006 when I moved here. They used to be excellent! They were just starting out and had very few people working for them. They had an aunty who worked with them and was, like most people from the older generation, very hard working. The two original people still do very good work. However, they have been there long enough they have a list. Getting seen by one of them is appointment only. Walk ins are welcome. However, it's hit and miss with this as well. I had a young girl give me a pedicure and did a half hearted attempt. She actually had the audacity to ask for her tip in advance. They offer new indulgences they didn't before such as hot towel wrap for your legs before a massage. Leaving the towel on so long that it's cold is not an indulgence it is quite the opposite. I would skip weekend walk in. That's the poorest service I have received. Week night evenings are not bad they are not busy and they take their time to do a decent job. I am however disappointed that success and the hire of more staff has led to a reduced sense of customer service.
2	this I the 3 rd time I have been here and I ONLY come because it is close to my house when I am on this side of town despite the fact that my bf told me after the first time not to go back. it is a bit pricy comp to what I am uses to in Cali , as my family and I had a salon we have been going to weekly for years and I could get a fabulous mani/pedi for less then what I am charged here just for a pedi. the staff is nice and the space is clean. down fall would be that are extreamly slow , which can get annoying when you have a time budget. this will be my last visit for this reason , I went to pay and told the guy to add $2 toy total for a tip , when I went to sign he added $7 .., I asked him why am that was not what I authorized  , he just looked at me. so I repeated my self and finally another guy chimed in and had him give me the difference in cash. Looks like after this and 3 so-so visits it is timefor me to find a new place to get the feet done , at least till my bf is willing to do them , haha!!
1	bad service, overpriced (by Vegas standards).  I left in the middle of the pedicure.  'nuff said.
5	This place is great! It is about $10 more than most places, but the polish lasts for MONTHS. And I run around barefoot when I drink, so it is extra impressive. Make an appt though- it is always busy!
4	this place isnt more expensive than any other salon. everyone seemed friendly and even tho the guy that give me a fill, took an hour he did a very good job and i would go back to him again.
5	Ask for Eric or James they rock this place is awesome ! They never make you feel uncomfortable and the atmosphere is bright and clean . Tracy is the best for eyebrows Spa pedicures ! Awesome !
4	Service has improved, compared to my last post. New massage chairs, less staff. I'd rather make an appointment than get quick and crappy service. I've been coming here for several years and it has it's ups and downs. But overall? I like it here.
5	Love this place i always ask for Jenny she does very great job on my pedicure :)
5	Very conveniently located-just down the street from South Point Casino & Grandview Resort.  The Wells Fargo Bank and Wal-Mart are next door.  The services rendered here are great.
5	Great service. Wonderful employees. Nice atmosphere.
4	I went today and had previous set removed and a pink set done by Hau, pronounced "how" and my nails look fantastic! This gentleman did a thorough, amazing and beautiful job. I recommend this salon to anyone.
5	Just had a fill on hands and color on toes by Hau and it is exceptional! He took his time and care to make sure the job was done right. Found my salon!!
1	So, I called about a week in advanced asking if they were open on Sundays. Since they were, I made an appointment for 4pm. I got there around 3:58pm and it was a full house. I mean packed, with no open nail techs available. There were also more people waiting for their turn sitting in the waiting area. When I walked in, I let them know that I had an appointment for 4pm. They asked for my name twice and then continued working on the clients they were already with. WTH.I proceeded to sit down, hoping that some extra nail tech would come out from the back. Nope. A few minutes later, three other girls came in with an appointment at 4 and all were treated the same way. After about 5 minutes of waiting, I left. I didn't come there to wait. That's why I made an appointment! The lack of service is something that cannot be tolerated and if they are taking appointments, then they should keep and honor them. I went to CC Nail Bar instead a few minutes down the road on Eastern Ave. Spectacular service and attentive. Not to mention, a great gel French Manicure. I'll be going back to CC Nail Bar from now on.
3	I was waiting for some work to get done on my car so I walked over here and got a manicure and pedicure. The pedicure was very nice and relaxing so I decided to get the manicure also. My nails look awesome. I had them do a gel french manicure but James left almost all of my cuticles a bloody mess and he also filed a part of my pinky finger so now that is red and raw. I've had many manicures and sometimes they knick a cuticle but almost all of my fingers were bloody.So I had to edit this review. Even though my cuticles were bloody and tender for a couple of days my gel polish did not chip for a month. I've never had one last so long ever before. It almost makes me want to go back.... Almost....
1	Went this morning for a ped and my wife was also getting a ped with a gel manicure.  Wife's ped was average.  Mine was awful.  I have a history of being cut with the cheese grater used for callus removal.  I drew the owner who was more interested in chatting with the tech doing my wife's ped.  This is normal but she was talking and making eye contact while using the cheese grater until I moved my foot.  She then made a comment on how bad my callus areas seemed to her.  Problem is she never addressed the callus areas after this.  Dug me twice with the nail clippers and then gave a half hearted massage.  Ped charge is higher than most salons...service is terrible at least by the owner.
1	Update: I went out of my way to get to my appt only to be told "sorry we booked you wrong it will be an hour wait or someone else can take you in 20mins" what's the point in making a reservation and it not being honored. Anyway I leave for my honeymoon day after tomorrow and now have to rebook elsewhere because everyone else is booked now too. Pretty inconvenient and inconsiderate - not to mention embarrassing having to leave like that in front of a packed salon. A business should never inconvenience a paying customer especially when this customer brought them 8 girls from a wedding party. At the very least take care of your loyal customers --- actually no, how about just find a scheduling system that works. Luxy nail seems to have this down and that's where I will be going tomorrow. ----------- never coming here again. I wish I could give more stars but if I'm being honest all their downfalls take away from the service.  First experience is what kept me coming back - it was my first time getting a gel mani and the weather was horrible that day so they didn't have any clients at all. My girl there is Jenny and she is the sweetest thing ever!  Always does an amazing job....BUT...they seem to ALWAYS overbook and shoot for the stars with scheduling.  And Jenny is also the lead person making the appointments and also taking on the small appointments like eye brow/lip waxes.  I went here about 10 times during my time living on this side of town because I did like Jenny...but after the first appointment I found my appointments lasting up to 3hrs!!!!  I believe I waited 45mins to get seated - plus Jenny always taking calls - greeting people - leaving me to do the wax appointments - etc.  I always got irritated but I see how hard they all work and did not want to make an issue of it.  I just bit my tongue and hoped it'd be different the next time - but it never was.  If you have time to spare this is a great place - try to catch Jenny on a slower day!! Other than the HUUUUUGE chunk of time wasted on waiting the staff here is great, place is clean, and their manis are awesome!!
5	I found this nail salon on yelp and decided to check it based on reviews and because it was close to my hotel. I made an appointment for first thing in the morning, since other Yelpers advised it gets busy. Im glad I didn't walk in, busy it did get!  They have an assortment of gel color/glitter samples, and it was hard to choose. Kenny did my gels and was thorough and quick. I think my nails look great and was worth the price I paid. Now lets see how long the gels last.
5	First of all I want to start off by saying to the people that is talking bad about Red Persimmons Nails and Spa in Silverado Ranch Las Vegas NV. You guys really haven't even seen the whole crew that works there. They busted all there times and days to make you guys happy and also even enjoy your stay there while you getting your nails done. They are very nice people and they don't talk behind your back in there own language. Also all the staffs there speaks and understand English. Even though they might not be able to speak fluently doesn't mean they all don't understand. They even do there best to make the place nice and clean and as comfortable as possible for all of you guys while you guys are there to have your nails done. Yes they may at times lacked of workers at but they still all tried there best to fit everyone in there busy schedule as possible and also to ensured that you guys leave with a healthy and happy smile. The owner even works hard at home because she is old and not much help to the shop and don't want to be in the way. She tries to look for new staffs to hire to fit your needs.They even remodeled the restroom and the whole sink area in the front and replaced new Spa chairs brand new and even add like a few more to fit everyone in. They even also have replaced all the nail tables and all the polished and tools to used brand new on there clients.They are also very fast and stabilized with all there tools and towels are always washe'd and cleaned . All there tools and towels always kept cleaned and warmed up in the heating oven for the safety and stabilized convenience.They really work very hard to make everyone walked out happy. That also even goes out of there ways on main US Holidays and our Asian main Holidays to open for everyone convenience cause other shops are closed on thosed days. How do I know this because I am the daughter of the owner and all my families are the ones that is working there. Even though I don't live in Las Vegas but I do come visit from time to time there from California and I see how all my families had to work so hard to make all of you guys happy and you guys just talking bad about them like that. I just feel so bad and also very sad for all my families to be treated like  that. I am very hurt and almost cried for my families when I saw all these bad post reviews of Red Persimmons. Please reconsider your thoughts before ever posting up a review thank you very much.
5	The best nail shop in Las Vegas! They are very accommodating and will work late to fit you in.  James is unbelievable and works magic on your nails ice been going to him over 7 years.  Never disappointed!
2	aside from the rude nail lady I got, I would have to say I guess you can't really expect much from an Asian business that all they want to do is talk smack about their American customers. I got a pedicure with my dad. we both have very humorous personalities & very sarcastic, it seemed like everything we said to one another the staff had something to say in their little language. when I first walked in I picked out my colors & I wanted a French pedicure BUT, with pink & white, not just the bland white & normal nail color. she gives me this weird look & says "what? we don't do this." excuse me, I've had it done before. I'm paying you to do something simple. anyways, 2 stars. never returning. that's that.
4	Been coming here because of the proximity to my house and because they do a consistently good job. Prices are affordable- you can walk in but I recommend an appt. Sometimes they overbook and you may wait 15-20 before you are seen. However they do a great job for the value. Worth it.
5	I have been coming here for years and this nail salon continues to provide the best manicures and pedicures in town. The staff is friendly and do a fantastic job. Most of the time you can walk right in but they have a tendency to be extremely busy on the weekends so call ahead if you do not want to wait. The prices cannot be beat for the service you get!
1	Worst ever!!  Did my nails and they looked horrible. Went back in to fix them and they ignored me and were all looking at me and talking about me. Will never go back and would not recommend anyone else to go either!!!!!!!
2	Came for Mother's Day- had an appointment. I guess they were short of staff. Still...  I absolutely hate how when you walk in no one ever seems to know what's going on. You just get stared at- no direction whatsoever."Hello- Hello- I'm here for a 11am appointment. Gina. No response. Stare at you blankly.... Okay. What do you want me to do... Wait ? How long will it be... ? .... Oh you're going to ignore me while you focus on someone else because you constantly overbook?....So annoying. I loved the convenience of being close to my house-  but making my mom upset on Mother's Day where we end up walking out after 25 min of no communication/waiting is unacceptable. Going someplace else. Zero customer service-
5	love this place. they are polite to me and always helpful. I've been getting gels for over two years now with James and I've gone to a few other places in between while out of town  etc and no one compares to James! I always make regular appointments and have never had to wait. I cannot speak for walk ins as I've never been a walk in client but I've never walked away dissatisfied from James and will not ever go anywhere else.
5	Finally a great nail place in vegas! My friend has been coming here for years and has always talked about MR SON and he is amazing!!!!!! Now when I come to visit I will definitely  come back thank u!!!!
