5	Amazing local dive bar! Friday night's ladies nigh!! Which means $2 shots and $1 beers, as long as you have a lady, or someone who loks like a lady, buy the drinks. They've got a big dance floor to get downwith your bad self. Or you can just watch everyone else have fun, loser! J/K you're not a loser. Larry's pulls in a fun crowd to fuel the party. If you're not drunk enough from the cheep shots and beer, you can always play a game of beer-pong! They've also got a couple nice billiard tables (pool tables). The music was great and there was some some county line dancing!This place kicks ass! I went on a Friday night with a group of friends and had a blast! We arrived around 11:30 and stayed until 5am.  It was so much fun. The DJ played a great mix of club music and country music. I had a great time trying my hardest to line dance. I failed pretty bad at it. It was good times though. Peep game, don't sleep on it!  Hit up Larry's on a Friday night in Vegas for a break from the pretentious strip and a ton of fun.
3	I usually go to this bar on Fridays with my girlfriends, as they have dollar drinks (which no one can bitch about being too broke for).  Lately, it's been pissing me off.  They raised the prices to $2 (big whoop) but the service took a nosedive.  First of all, there is only one full bar and two beer bars.  The full bar is always a few people deep to even get served and God forbid you get on the side with the short haired bitch of a bartender.  We probably waited about 30 minutes for a drink when we were on her side of the bar.  She would take the people that just walked up before the ones that had been waiting.  Her attitude is horrible also.  They only have 3 bartenders for over 200 people in a bar, which is bullshit.  The place is too smoky...needs better ventilation.  Other than that, it's fun because there's a ton of people and a wide variety.  They also have a game room with pool tables, air hockey, video games and beer pong.  The dance floor is usually packed with people country dancing.  If they could just get their bartenders to quit being such cunts, it's a great place!
4	I had a blast here Friday night! It was a girls' night out. We danced a lot, drinks were cheap. The bartender was creative; I asked for a mixed drink, but for him to be more creative than a fuzzy navel or such. I told him I'm in the mood for coconut, so he got creative. I ended up with something fruity, coconut, and some kind of watermelon something. It was good! And he didn't cheat me on the alcohol, either! The place wasn't too crowded either, just the right amount of people. My friend and I even pole-danced! :DThe only thing I really didn't like much was the DJ. He took requests and played those, that's cool. But he switched back and forth between music styles every other song and didn't mesh the songs very well either. He played many good songs, just didn't "organize" them very well. At the end of the night (4ish am?), he repeated a couple songs from earlier in the night.
1	This place sucks. The customer service is horrible. They dont serve food unless you order a pizza from a neighboring restaurant. Who does that? They dont control their crowd. Many times I've gone I've seen fights. The bartenders suck - I've almost got in a fight with one because she was a complete bitch. Refused to serve me a drink because she was "busy" celebrating her friends birthday BEHIND THE BAR. This place is ridiculous. I will NEVER go there again.. EVER.
1	I used to come here for years, maybe about a year back.. the best weekend drinkfests back then: Fridays were ladies night (dollar well, wines and domestics, $2 you call its, and no cover). Saturdays were free beer night (draft bud light, coors light and pbr til they gave out 1,000 of each.. again, no cover). Was always packed and played a decent variety of music; pitchers for beer pong were also always dirt cheap. And despite,  the bartenders were way personable and fun.I'm not trying to sound like a cheapskate, as I am in the service industry myself.. but there must've been a change of ownership since my prior experiences. This is all feels like a place that you would come to die. All old fogies glued to their video poker, nothing bud old, terrible country music via jukebox, versus the dj that once kept the party rockin.  I tried a little experiment tonightis with said jukebox, and put on some of my flavor music.. within seconds all the older crowded started fussing, and after a couple songs literally took my music off... really. Also, it seems absolutely painful for swift service. And once i finally got my cocktail, both times, the garnish was not replenished. The barmaid would much rather go on with certain guests about her hooligan daughter who is apparently gonna end up pregnant or in jail sometime soon, rather than make sure the drinks are kept full... I tend bar myself,  and the way i see it is i don't need to be encouraged to make money. Guess with the older crowd, tips must be a bit shorter than back then too, but I also don't see any familiar faces. Guess they cleaned house, bonehead move.Long story short, i miss the old Hideaway.
1	What a raging disappointment. Walked in to hear Girls Just Want to Have Fun. Seriously. Bartender said they decided to go in a different direction than their roots. Filled with jerks from the neighborhood drawn to the righteous 80s tunes, but not what I was looking for.
