2	I work near this Walgreens and often find myself dropping-in to grab a quick water, soda, or bottle of meds (Tylenol, Advil, etc).  The location is clean and well lit, which is a plus.The downsides:- All Walgreens are pricey- Slow checkout process, despite having 4+ available registers/lanes- The intersection of Junction/Old Sauk is a pain to get in and out of- New "rewards system" stinksAllow me to expand on the last "downsides" item... Walgreens initiated a rewards system that allows you to earn points from purchases that can then be applied to "cash back" rewards that can be used against future purchases.  Where this fails is with the posted specials.  You can't take advantage of the specials (like buy one, get one free) unless you're a rewards system member.  I'm not a fan of that... I have about 800-billion rewards programs that I have to keep track of (and that keep track of me); the last thing I need is another rewards program.  I miss the good 'ole days when Walgreens used to offer bargains without the strings.I think I'm done visiting Walgreens.  It's convenient, but the cons outweigh the pros.
2	Totally agree with Steve L comments in his prior review,especially the rewards card usage to get specials. A real pain! I would also add that check out personnel were not the friendliest.
4	I visit this Walgreens often since I work in the neighborhood. The employees are always very polite and helpful especially the 2 gentlemen and young woman who work the registers during the evening hours.  (I wish I could remember their names).  Get signed up for their rewards program....there are great deals to be had!
4	A Walgreen's is a Walgreen's. This one seemed to be well stocked, clean, and staff was nice and helpful (mostly dealt with pharmacy staff). The rewards program is a little pointless to me, but it is easy enough to punch in your phone number while checking out. I don't bother trying to use the actual rewards card. Having the "Walgreen's" off brand items definitely helps you save a little money.
1	Walgreens has become a travesty of retail. During my most recent visit for a pack of gum and a bottle of water, I waited in line for nearly 10-minutes and watched two cashiers swap registers no fewer than 4 times, and I have no idea why. The gentleman with his wife in front of me said, "This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen at a store, ever." And I couldn't have agreed more.When it came time for me to check-out, my total came to $3.16, and I was asked if I was a member of their rewards club, followed by "why not" followed by, "why not join? it's free!" When I declined, and opted to pay in cash, the guy took my $4 and then didn't give me any change. He wished me "well" and when I asked for my change, he looked at me like I was crazy... I reminded him that I paid $4 for a $3.16 item. He then said, "Oh, did you want your change?"Ugh.
