1	If you want bad service ask for DANIELLE. I had been looking at these places since April 2014. I went in and met the leasing agent Danielle. She seemed nice, showed me what was available and showed me the model. I mentioned to Danielle that I was selling my home and couldn't sign a lease till I had a better idea when I was going to close on my home, told her about July to August time frame. I decided that the 2 bedroom townhome was a good fit for me, unfortunately they didn't have many and the ones they did have were already leased. Danielle told me that the last phase of these 2 bedroom townhomes would be ready about August or September. I said great that may coincide with the sale of my house. She suggested I hold 1 but didn't cause you never know what happens with closing and delays. I give Danielle my number and email to keep my up to date on the availability of these units. A month goes by and I hear nothing from her so I go in and ask about the 2 bedrooms, fortunately they had 1 that I could see that someone was going to be moving into. By the way I brought in a friend as a referral to her on that visit that ended up signing a lease later with Danielle. Danielle tells me still no confirmed date as to when the final phase of the 2 bedroom townhomes would be ready. I tell her, that's ok, just stay in touch and let me know. So I go in today June 9th and say "Hi Danielle, my home is going to close middle of July, when will the 2 bedrooms be available?" She looks at me and tells me that they are all gone! I was like, are you kidding me? I come in this place cause I never hear from you, I even refer you business and got you a signed lease with my friend and you don't even have the decency or professional courtesy to stay in touch with me to let me know the 2 bedrooms were about to all be gone???I mean that's customer service 101 right? Stay in touch with clients you see to let them know the availability of what they want?? Anyways, she looks at me and instead of apologizing says that I should have left a deposit on 1 of the 2 bedrooms and held it. I informed her that she needed training on how to follow up with clients and was surprised it never occurred to her to stay in touch with me. I ended up going 2 min away to Chateau Calais and saw much better apartments at much better pricing. Domain by the way is very expensive considering you could rent a home for the same price and get more living space. And if you have a pet, Domain thinks its cute to CHARGE YOU RENT FOR EACH PET YOU HAVE. In the end I will find a better more reasonable place to live and grateful that I saw the bad customer service demonstrated by Danielle. It tells me that if they treat you this way before you live there, G-D help you after they get your money and you start to need things fixed in your apartment. STAY away from DOMAIN and DANIELLE.
5	Beautiful new apartments, waking distance to grocery stores/restaurants, very safe neighborhood and an incredible staff. Moving out of state isn't easy, but everyone I worked with at the Domain Apartments were very helpful and patient. Matt will always make you laugh. Amber has been a big help with all of my questions. Lindsey and Danielle are accommodating and always a pleasure to speak with. :) Thank you, guys!! Whether you move here by yourself, with your family, or even your pet, the complex is very clean and an inviting place for everyone.
5	By far the best place I've ever moved into...i can only say this because of the friendly and competent staff this place has available...Danielle, Mariah,  Sandie, Lindsey, Matt & Amber are always helpful and polite no matter what the situation may be. Everybody here  does a great job and this is coming from someone who lives here...
5	Nice apartments, great location, and great community. The gym is available 24/7 which is a huge plus and has a great pool area. Of course no place is perfect but the best part about these apartments is the friendly staff. They remember my name when I walk through the main office and always have a smile on. It always makes my day to get a nice hello from Amber or be able to joke with Matt and give him a hard time. Though the whole staff is friendly, I would say they put up with me the most and I am sure I can be a bit of a pain in the ass haha. Sorry Matt but I need to make sure you have some work to do.
5	Assistant manager Lindsay hit a grand slam with me!  Her, Matt, and the entire staff here understand how people really like to be treated.  This is everything apartment living is supposed to be!  Kudos to Domain corporate for not skimping, and doing things the right way!  Living here is like living in a suite at 4 or 5 star hotel!  You get what you pay for!  Sure I hope to stay here for years.  I hope they can maintain their high standards, and not raise the rent much upon renewal.  Friends that have seen my apartment want to move here.  Who could blame them?  I told them to use my name for a referral, and they too will love it here!   I am born here, and these are the most beautiful apartments I have ever lived in!  I'm safe, relaxed, and enjoying my free Starbucks coffee every morning, along with a 24 hour gym, and soon, a 24 hour pool, and jacuzzi to follow.  The pool and jacuzzi currently close at dusk.  These apartments truly sell themselves with brand new, and modern everything!  For once, it looks like the on line brochure.   You can walk to just about everything here.  I feel like the master of my own Domain!
5	Another beautiful West Corp Property!  Great location, new, upgraded appliances, e lounge.
5	The pools and jacuzzi are now 24/7.  We had a GREAT time with Matt last Sunday with Sunday night football in the lounge!  Domain now offers it's residents free fitness classes 3 times a week!  This place gets better and better!  Love the NFL Red Zone in the movie room for football!  I love it here!
1	Worst management staff I've had the displeasure of working with. They were so quick to take money (application fees) without prior consent and a return of fees now takes 'up to 30 days'! Unacceptable.Matt at the leasing office went on vacation without handing over items to coworkers. This delayed the process of being approved. They then continued to discriminate against my husband and in the process we have been looking for a friendly and accommodating home and house to live in.Having looked around, there are far better places and value to move to. Thank heaven we do not have to live there.WestCorp Management discriminates against certain individuals and they tout 'Equal Housing opportunities'??
5	Still loving' life here!  Another Sunday football in the books!  Matt, Lindsay, Danielle, and manager Sandy make it happen here!  Maintenance is on their game too!  I'm surprised they get it done so quickly with over 300 units to service.  The people here go above and beyond to make Domain a great place to live!  Don't pay attention to negative reviews like the cheapskate who lost his place because he didn't place a deposit with Danielle.  $200 will kill ya?  Chateau Calais is 10 years older and the same price.  As for discrimination, you have to qualify, like everyone else.  I have other friends that live at other Westcorp properties.  Do yourselves a favor, ask someone who actually LIVES here, not some wannabe that wishes they did.  I'm glad I signed the 15 month lease.  A free month, TV, and no raise in rent for 15 months is the way to go!
5	This is place is PHENOMENAL!!! Everyone here is so wonderful and so willing to help with anything.  I just moved in recently however one of the reasons I moved in was because how great of a feeling I had each time I had an encounter with the staff at the front office.  Their energy is amazing!!! Danielle is the one that  initially helped me the first time I came in and she is the greatest EVER and such a sweetie but I have to say, Matt is the BOMB too he also helped me out when I was being a CRAZY lady and had to know some more about the apartment before I moved in haha. :) Karly and Laci are also AMAZING with all there great energy and "I can help you with anything" attitude!  Let me just finish off with the maintenance crew, WOW Im speechless with these guys.  Bernardo, Craig and James are all fantastic and are always ready to go above and beyond for us here. Anytime I need a helping hand or am being crazy haha ;) and need something fixed there right there when I call.  I had some issues upon move in as sometimes that's to be expected took some time to get them fixed, BUT they were resolved and now everything has been absolutely PERFECT!  I have to commend the Domain for having such a wonderful and great staff, because without them it wouldn't be the same, THANK YOU ALL!  :)
