3	We give this Applebees three stars for a great happy hour and wonderful bartenders. Sherri the bartender is awesome and super friendly and the deals can't be beat. Wings and all draft beers are half price and there is always an open seat at the bar. Draft selection is not so great, but they have Stella, I love Stella and it's half off so.. Hey, when we go in we have a few beers and wings. Our bill is 12 bucks! Seriously!!
3	OK, I know! Its Applebees. Corporate America Grumble Grumble. Having said that, allow me to say this: This particular Applebee's is not so bad. Happy Hour Deals are good & all the bartenders are my age! That's a good thing. I love that I have something more in common with my bartender than Booze! I grow weary of young cocky " I am God" bartenders so it's quite refreshing to have a bit more to chat about. As I said earlier, the Happy Hour deals are good. My husband & I each had 2 Stella's & we shared an order of wings. Our bill came to only Twelve Dollars! Not To Shabby, I will Go Back Again!!!
4	Me and My mom Went out for lunch one day, I was sick. Wasn't anything Major, just sore throat. But my school still wouldnt Allow me to come to school that day.  So instead, My mom took me to Apple Bee's.  So When we were waiting for our food to come, We tried doing some Math problems (I'm 17, I do math problems in the Blink of an eye). Any way, I was doing a Math problem and I could hardly finish it before the food came! Their service is amazing.  Such nice waiter and waitresses, they make you feel like a king. Love this place.
4	Awesome drinks! The pom martini was sooo good, and everyone was nice. The bartender was super nice and it was happy hour too! Come to this applebees they have stronger pours! ;)
2	First off, let me state that I frequent Applebees mostly with one of my best friends. I generally try to order different things, just for variation. My friend and I went to Applebees one night, and our favorite waiter was there, his name was Wade. At this point, we had been coming to this specific Applebees about once a week. Every time we went in, we asked to be seated in Wade's section, just because he was that awesome of a waiter. Then, when my friend and I were celebrating my birthday, Wade was extremely rude when we told him we were celebrating... my friend wanted to embarass the pants off of me, and it was my birthday, so i let her... except, there was no embarassment.I watched my friend ask Wade to embarass me as much as possible, and we sat at the bar waiting for the embarassment to come... it never did. the food was okay, not the greatest. The steak that I ordered was not medium well done as I had requested, but rather well, and I was served with a baked potato instad of mashed potatos. The refills of iced tea were few and far between which just ticked me off more. I left that Applebees and have yet to return, and I'm not sure that I want to.
1	Wish there was a way to rate this with no stars after my last experience at this Applebee's.My wife and I had seen the new TV ads for the 2 for $20 and specifically the cajun-ish entrees that were included in this promotion, so we decided this past weekend to go there for a late lunch (around 3:30 PM) and try them out.It was probably a really bad omen right from the get-go because when we entered, because when the hostess was walking to seat us, noticed another employee walking in the opposite direction, handed him the menus and told him to seat us. He brought us back to the front and seated us in a different area that the original employee was going to. The booth that he put us in hadn't been cleaned since the last people sitting there had left, so we moved to a table straight across from the booth.We were the only people in the place, with the exception of two other tables of two people that had already eaten, paid for their meals and were just kibitzing before leaving. So, even though this was in between traditional lunch and dinner services and I'd expect there to be a smaller staff wait staff on hand, no one came to take an order (drink or meal) after sitting there for 20-minutes. I'm a pretty patient person, but that's ridiculous.So, my wife and I just got up and left. When we were walking out the door, the host said thanks for coming in and I responded, "we didn't even have anything to eat..." and then cut myself off and walked out in fear my verbal filter would not work.After all that, we decided to go to Famous Dave's at San Tan and had a FANTASTIC experience. Was waited on right away and the food was great, which usually is the case there.
1	Worst chain of restaurants in AZ. Go buy a Budget Gourmet tv dinner...heat it up and that's how Applebee's tastes. Rumor has it that they actually do use a microwave for most of their dishes. Pasta Alfredo is one of them. Just plain gross. The only reason I would go here is for their cheap happy hour for the drinks.
1	Stay away from the Sirloin dishes. I don't know what the heck is in this - it tastes like compacted beef, shred up and repackaged to look like a steak.....not I'd even say the "sirloin" was nuked after reading these reviews.Disgusting!
4	Okay folks I was not feeling up to going here but the lil lady felt the need to enjoy happy hour.  I passed on drinks but they sure looked great and she was just a smiling. The food came out fast and service was as if we were the only folks in town.  Great food 1/2 price during the happy hour and I must say I was felling Applebee's again.  I had lost interest in them after my last encounter at another location.  and I can't leave out the doorman/greeter he was on his JOB!  I will make this location a place I come to again.  Thanks, :)
1	If I ever go to Applebees again, I will only order drinks. Every time I go there I get really sick afterwards!! Even a salad there turns my stomach sour!! Its so weird, and I am not the only one either, my boyfriend will get really sick after as well. Drinks also take a while to get every time we go.Now the servers at Applebees are very friendly, it sucks that they have to sell such a bad product!!I hate seafood, and I would much rather go to red lobster next door to this place.
3	Took a crack at the 2 for $20 menu with yet another date. The bill would have been nice, but she had to order two Long Island Iced teas that were about $9 each. I'm suggesting a 2 for $10 drink menu for this chain. I will give the place credit though as beer (large bud light drafts) are just 3 bucks. The place was pretty packed at 7pm ish when we arrived, but was full empty 90 minutes later as we left. The mozzarella sticks are always a safe bet here and her chienese chicken salad entry looked very average with salad mix and fried chicken topping. The three cheese chicken penne was good initially, but I may have left the leftovers in the car too long and the next day it might not have been a good idea to eat them. Applebees could expand the 2 for $20 with more entree choices as well. Solid waitress, but due to date's selfishnness, bill was $50, new chain record.
3	We went there to just get desert. It was delicious but our waiter was a little slow and he wasn't around when it wasn't even busy. I had to look for the waiter after 5-10 mins. Other than that, the desert was great :)
5	Corn Chowder and Basil Tomato soup was exceptional.  Spinach and Grilled Chicken Caesar salad also very tastey.  Awesome service.  Will be back for sure.
