1	I'm a customer, and a consumer. And a booga dancer, rock n' roll ass-kicker and carboholic, by trade. The reason I say this is to reinforce to you, the semi-entertained reader, that I don't work for a glass company. I know nothing about glass. So I find it interesting that not one, but two people who work the phones here expect me to know why a chip in my shower glass is not possible (and for your information, it is possible because it exists. I don't make up fairy tales about expensive chipped glass for kicks). Okay, so let's get over the "it's not possible because it's tempered glass" statement (? I don't know what that means because like I said before, I know jack shit about glass!) I decide to move on to asking what I was originally going to ask when I first made the call: Can you fix it or send someone to check it out?"We don't repair that." "Uh... Okay."~silence~Me, again: "So... what does this mean?"Her: "Well, we DON'T REPAIR that.""So this means I have to replace the whole thing?""Yes."Here's the part where we SHOULD discuss making an appointment for someone to come out to inspect my problem or for me to come in with measurements. I mean, I thought that AMERCIAN GLASS COMPANY was a COMPANY THAT DEALS IN GLASS. But alas, I am mistaken, because instead of helpful suggestions or even a "try calling this other company instead," I end up listening to more silence. I mean, I don't really know what to ask, how abruptly "NO" she was kind of threw me off. So I say:"... okay."And the old crank hung up on me.I'm guessing she doesn't own the company because I really don't think this is how you make money.
1	I know little about windshields, glass, glass repair etc.I was referred to American Glass by Tempe Auto Repair (whom I really like) when my wife's car had a cracked windshield. The crack was getting dangerous and needed to be fixed. American Glass is close to our home and after the referral, figured that this was a good decision.I called and left a voice mail to set up an appointment. No call. My wife called again a few days later and the owner said there was no voice mail and maybe I called somewhere else. She wasn't very friendly. I had the business card and heard the American Glass message. I know where I called. Should have been my first warning.My wife did take her car to get the window fixed as this needed to be done rather than shop around any longer.. This process went pretty well and the windshield was fixed the same day. The big issue was dealing with my insurance company and American Glass. This process could have been handled better.Within a month of the windshield being repaired  a rock hit my wife's windshield again and left a ding. My insurance company (State Farm) advised us to contact the Glass Company to repair the windshield as this should be under warranty and be fixed without cost or little cost..We contacted American Glass and we were told that it would not be covered and we would have to pay for a new windshield at full cost. The woman was not very friendly in her handling of this issue. HMMMM! Forget that! State Farm informed me that any reputable glass company would stand behind their work and offer to fix the problem. State Farm then provided us another provider to correct the ding in the windshield. (My wife will write a review on this).I would suggest that you go somewhere else when getting a new windshield, repaired etc. I can only warn others to steer clear of this business and the woman who runs this place.
5	Not long ago, I needed my windshield replaced and after calling around to a few companies, I decided to use American Glass in Tempe.  The lady who answered was so pleasant and prompt from beginning to end.  She spoke to the insurance company and did all the work, all that was left for me to do was verify insurance information.  The installer was very knowledgeable as well.  He inspected my car before beginning the windshield replacement, and even explained any existing problems from the previous installer.  He stepped me through the entire process, complete with instructions on caring for my new windshield after the installation was complete.  I highly recommend this company for many reasons; their knowledge, service, prices, friendliness, and my overall experience.  They were great!!
