5	I had to get some pants and some jeans hemmed and decided to check out Christie's on South Blvd.  I walked in on a Tues and was immediately helped out.  The woman (Christie perhaps?) seemed to know what she was doing and quickly adjusted my hems to the appropriate height.  The items were going to be ready for pick up on Fri, but I was out of town.  They offered to have them done a day early at no extra charge.  Hem for dress pants is only $7!
5	I was in a wedding in May in MD and in my typical procrastination style, I waited a week before I was due to leave to get my bridesmaid dress altered.  I saw some good reviews of Christie's on Google or somewhere so I grabbed my dress and headed there shortly after it opened. It was pretty crowded in there and a lot of older women in there Myers Park finest could not stop singing Christie's praises, I figured if its good enough for their designer duds its good enough for me!  And it was.  Christie had me put the dress on, made sure she marked where I wanted the hem cut to, made sure the dress would be brought in at all the right spots and told me we wanted it tight up top so the uh girls don't fall out!After we did that, I paid, $50ish I think which is waaay better than I have paid for other bridesmaid dress alterations, and even better she'd have it done by Tuesday morning (this was Thurs).  I was very pleased and I will definitely return!
5	I have taken all my Alterations to Christie's for the past 2 yrs. Not once have I been disappointed. I have has jeans hemmed, dress pants hemmed, dress pants let out and taken in at the waist and sport coats  taken in.  The work is always done perfect an fast and for a very reasonable price.  I can't say enough good things about the quality and customer service you will receive !!!
5	I moved here from NJ a year back and I always need something altered. I shop online a lot, better options, more sales, and mostly shop at Saks,, Bloomingdales, NM, Nordstrom, Zappos, Yoox. Not having some of those stores locally was a challenge then to get the clothes altered. I came across some of the reviews on the web decided to try Christies. Since then I have had them alter leather jacket, jeans, trousers and some of these involved more than just length. I had to write this review to share that they have been perfect. Not once ever there was any further adjustment required. The cost is reasonable. I will be their customer definitely till I continue to live in Charlotte.
4	My wedding dress, ordered from Australia, was two sizes too big, in addition to needing shortening and some other nips and tucks. Christie knows exactly how clothing is put together, and made it look perfect. The price for all the alterations seemed slightly steep, but I've never had clothes altered before so I didn't know what to expect; they may be in line with industry standards, especially since I had to have so many things done, and a wedding dress has a somewhat complicated construction to deal with (i.e. boning etc). Christie made me look great, and business was hopping with other customers who indicated they were repeat visitors, both when I was dropping my dress off and picking it up, so I know she has clients who come back to her over and over. Count me as one of them, now. I have a new dress that needs the straps fixed, and I know exactly who I'm taking it to.
4	She is the best in town! I blame Christie for clothes fitting so well! Ughhh! How dare she alter so well ;-)
5	I take all my alterations here,  never been dissappointed
5	Excellent alteration shop.  I had two very expensive designer dresses that no longer fit my chest, and she inserted a custom lace up corset style opening in the back so I could keep the dresses.  Amazing attention to detail, and high quality work.She has also done several original seem alterations on my husband's nice jeans, and did a phenomenal job.
5	Located at South Blvd and Seneca, next to Office Depot, may be the best/quickest alterations joint in all of Charlotte.  (But they are behind locked doors, so ring the bell to be let in instead of jerking at the door handle).Coming in around a busy lunch time to get a pair of jeans hemmed, I was warmly greeted and shown to the dressing rooms.  Once in the pants, I hopped (well, ambled because I am a fatty) up onto the podium and the pants were pinned to the desired length.  I believe is was $10 just to hem, or $15 to have the new hem match the stitching of the jeans.  When I came back just a few days later to pick them up, they were pressed and ready to go.  Upon wearing them, the break was perfect and you couldn't even tell that it wasn't the original hem.Fast, friendly, efficient service with a smile and the pants were exactly what I needed.  Awesome!
5	I am only 5 feet tall with short arms and short waisted, so nearly everything needs to be altered. I consider it a blessing to have discovered Christies more than 10 years ago. Christie is so sweet, always welcoming, and really listens to what you want. She guarantees that you'll be happy with the alteration, or her team will re-do the item. Turn around time is quick and pricing is very reasonable for the quality and attention to detail. I live in SC and wouldn't go anywhere else.
