5	So, my mom and I visited your store, and had a rewarding experience. we had a person help us, angel bruner, who provided us with exceptional/excellent assistance. my mom, 81, experienced a poor experience with someone before, so was forced to physically come to the store, and we met with angel, and she took care of my moms needs/concerns promptly, efficiently, but most importantly, NICELY with lots of respect and good listening...keep up the good work !
5	i switched from cox to century link a few weeks ago. jill jones at the rainbow office was great! i will  refer all my friends to her!
5	Well I must say Joana is a rock star ! She helped me out and giving me personal attention. Even though we werent able to resolve the whole issue, she provided great customer service. YOU GO GIRL !
1	I was using CenturyLink's "Pure DSL" service for about a year when the service went downhill, seemingly overnight.  Pings went through the roof and I was unable to even watch video on YouTube from about 6pm to midnight.Despite spending close to four hours on several online and phone sessions with so-called "customer service" representatives, they had no answers and wouldn't even acknowledge that there was a problem.  In addition, they basically threatened me with a tech repair fee if I scheduled an in-person tech visit.Just cancelled the service and it felt great to give these jerks their modem back.  They're now trying to hit me with a $16 cancellation fee.  They'll probably get it out of me but not until I file a complaint with Nevada's public utility commission.Stay away from these jerks.
2	We had someone go to our door and normally we don't give the time of day, but the BF was curious how much their internet cost. It seemed a decent deal so we set up to pick up the modem. The way the guy made it sound like is that if you use their router function on it, it is extra so you save some by keeping it turned off. Odd, but okay. So that was not how it works. The modem/router combo UNIT is what you pay a rental fee on, whether you use the router function or not and he was claiming that all we will pay is $30 (after the first month or something being more), 30 days no charge if we cancel in the "trial period". It was just feeling like starting on the wrong foot and made us wonder what other benefits that the dude said, that will have a hidden fee on something else.Yes, the workers here at least were upfront about the fee when we asked them directly about what he claimed, but all of these are employees and their solicitors and sellers that bring people into this location should be giving the right information.We didn't accept the modem and made sure to cancel any service installation. Hopefully it was true and we won't be bothered. For 10megs, I started to question if that was too slow for what I do anyways so even though we pay more now, it's faster and maybe that is worth sticking to.
5	Today we made the switch.  Walked into your Rainbow store and was greeted by Jill Jones.  She is Fabulous.  Took very good care of us, not pushy at all, showed us everything and answered all of our questions with a smile.  Quite a nice lady.  Needless to say we are now CenturyLink customer.Thanks, JY
5	This review is for internet service only.  I went in at the Jones location and the gentleman that helped us was fast and helpful.  Internet speed has been exactly what was promised. 29 a month and  I download at a consistent 1.8 megabytes a second.  THATS BYTES not bits.  Plan to keep century link for a long time.  He let me know that if you sign up to prism tv, your internet speed is bumped up to 25 megabits instead of 10.  Dont watch much tv but it might be worth it if you need more speed.  F U COX and COMCAST!
5	Been using the internet daily for about a month and a half now.  No drops in speed during primetime hours and the still aren't throttling my download speeds.  Still at 1.8 MB a second.  If you want consistent internet speed, use centurylink.  After speaking with my coworkers, it seems like they may triple the price of the internet after the promo period.  So at the end I will cancel and have my girlfriend sign up.  BAM another year of promo.
2	I wish had done a little more research before hand. Their services are Ok, and I haven't had a problem with them delivering what they promised, its just that after looking around I have realized they aren't promising as much as some of the other companies (i.e. Cox) are promising. The cost is also lower with Cox for my business line and internet as well. Also from what I am reading from other customers Cox has much faster internet speeds than does CL.
1	Sleazy, manipulative sales team + plus horrendous customer service+ ridiculously bad internet service = Highly disappointed customer, that out of integrity has to warn others not to make the same mistake. Don't get me wrong, Cox leaves a lot to be desired, but CenturyLink makes Cox look amazing. If you're crazy enough to consider trying these guys out after reading these reviews... Don't. Just don't. The sales team is not being honest with you. They just aren't. Even if you insist on not being put on a contract (like I did), there is a strong likelihood they will put you on one anyway (they did with me) and you'll get to the point where it's better for your sanity to just pay their fee to leave the nightmare of a company. And if you're reading this after you have learned from your mistake (meaning, you went with them anyway), don't beat yourself up. Just learn from your mistake and warn others. That's what I just did...
1	Jabo was not helpful,  i have been out of internet for 4 days now and customer service said it would be a swap out since my 660 series was on recall.  But arriving not the case, told me I had to lease for 7.00 per month for the rest of my life or pay the 100.00 which in one year 2 months would be the same.  :((.  Not happy paying 108 for a recalled part doesn't seem fair.
1	Centurylink is the worst cable company we have ever had to deal with. It's like pulling teeth without anesthesia to get someone on the phone to deal with your issues. Seriously thinking about paying the fee to cut the contract short and go back to Cox!
1	DONT DO IT!!! After being called on friday to tell me they cant connect my internet till they get proof of residency&4hours of my life wasted on the phone due to previous renters name still under the address  not to mention PHYSICALLY bringing in my lease -today i call to make sure the hold on my account is off... i am told no there is a hold cuz they need to see proof of residency!!!FINALLY after 3dif calls to the place (&no promised calls back) i am told my account had been canceled..&they would find out why for me. An hour later i call the general #&after talking to the manager i am told ill never be able to get a line through them because the previous tenent did not close out her account and the address will not be connected till the due balance is paid. Oh and here is the best part....i cant even pay this cynthia bitches balance cuz that account is not in my name!!!! WTF
1	This is the worst internet service that I have ever used.  I've lived in Korea and the service was 10x better.  My service is intermittent at best, constant outages, poor customer service and they charge $5 for their crap modem.  The only reason I'm with them is because of the DirecTV bundle.  Explore other options!
1	A saleswoman came and offered us this screaming internet deal. Yay!!!! SO, I call today to verify the install (I had confirmed it at 7:30 this am.. but was told to call back to get a more specific install time).  On my second call, I get told my install isn't happening until Monday and that my service is not coming on, on the 3rd at all. Come to find out, they changed the install date, never BOTHERED to tell me, and then canceled my service when I called and started raising a fuss. THEN, the supervisor refuses to apologize for the girl deciding to cancel my service and tells me it's no hassle to keep it cancelled.  I've been on the phone over two hours with them today, and their final response was "Well, if you still want our service, you're going to have to wait a few weeks."  Several reviewers had the same experience of if you raise a fuss, they just cancel your contract.  NEVER again.
1	i cancelled my service because i moved out of state.  i was told at the time that i sould have a small balance and maybe a credit.  my final bill ended up being $88, $32 to disconnect my phone lines (2x$16) and a late charge of $11 because after i moved i received a bill for $193 for my monthly service and i did not pay it because i had cancelled the service.  they are liars, have improper billing practices and you should think twice you sign up for their services you will regret it!
2	Over charged my bill by $250 dollars, took 2 hours to explain to someone that it should not be that much. Very unhappy with their service
1	No wonder most only get one star!!! I am moving from Vegas to northern NV where there is no service and they still are charging me the $200 early termination fee...!!! SERIJOUSLY....how pathetic....their agents sound like robots and they won't even take it to a supervisor. I am NEVER paying their fee and I will get an attorney and take them to small claims court if they try to ruin my credit over this BS....tell all your friends...stay away from CenturyLink...that is horrible customer service...I wouldn't get their service if it was the last internet service in the world. Also no wonder some of their stores are closed down. Wait until AT & T and DirecTV are totally merged...they will be out of business and rightfully so. If I worked for them I would start looking for a new job!!!
1	Don't do it I switched from Cox cause century link was cheaper but they charged me a activation fee a Internet installation fee and phone  installation fee so my first bill came out to $250. Don't waste your time or money on century link they are a rip off on hidden fees. Very angry with them.
1	The ISP options in Vegas are terrible. Both Cox and CenturyLink are horrible, but Cox is the lesser of two evils.
5	Today I was online today ordering service and was told it was going to be almost a week before I could be hooked up for internet service, upon seeing that i called the rainbow office and Derwin Motley took my call and I will tell you I haven't had service like that for some time, I appreciate his time and ability to help me get my service hooked up tomorrow. I will definitely recommend this office for any help you may need.Thanks Derwin!
1	My experience with Century Link has been nothing but awful. The employees I've spoken with all do not know what they're talking about and have redirected me to every department with each department giving different answers. I would never recommend this provider with ANYONE, I am only with them UNFORTUNATELY because Cox won't cover my location. I have been with Cox for 14 years and they were nothing short of exemplary minus the few service interruptions every now and then. HOW is this company still competing with companies such as Cox, TWC, Verizon??? etc etc.. Why would ANYONE choose this company over any other? Beats me, experiences surely differ but wow.. Century Link is something else.It started with ordering their 20mbps internet.. Umm it's 2014, 20mbps was a standard back in maybe the early 2000s. As an extensive and heavy internet user, I required fast internet. I ordered it with a young lady who was very helpful and got me squared away quickly and I thought "oh, well that wasn't so bad!" She scheduled my installation on a Friday, because apparently it takes 3 business days for techs to survey the area and deem the area serviceable. Fast forward 3 days, my boyfriend takes the day off of work to wait for the tech. It's 5:30 and still no sign of anyone coming. I call them and ask them what the hell is going on and where my technician is. The person on the phone then informs me that the 20mbps connection I ordered is not available in my area.. UHHHHHH OKAY, well why didn't I receive a phone call? Any sort of notice?? I find out that since I cannot have 20mbps one option I can do is install their PrismTV which apparently frees up some sort of bandwidth available to reach 20mbps. I say okay, sure install it. The rep I spoke with assures me that my internet and PrismTV is coming on Tuesday so I say fine that'll work. Come Tuesday it's already 5PM and I'm going what's going on where are these people? I call and find out that since I added another on top of my existing internet order they pushed it back another 3 days because they refuse to install their services separately. At this point I am SCREAMING at the rep for not contacting me about this. Mind you, I have worked in customer service all my life and it takes a lot for me to get ticked off to scream at a poor representative, but these people are just flat out ridiculous. So now these people are coming on Thursday and I call them right as they open to ensure that the technician is coming. The woman I speak with tells me they are unable to install PrismTV because of the preexisting discovery that my location does not support 20mbps. Then why the hell are the reps telling me that I can get this service?? So in the end, I am stuck with an awful 10mbps connection and beyond crappy customer service and I am seriously considering moving just so that I never have to use this provider. They do not deserve patronage or payment for their awful service, but unfortunately, I have no choice.So today 09/11, I am still without internet and I was instructed that I have to go to their store to pick up my router since the technician will not be coming in to install it. Lol, what the hell am I paying for then?? This company is a joke, if you can get Cox or Verizon PLEASE do yourselves a favor and do not even factor in Century Link in your plans. I would give them negative stars if I could.
1	OK from the beginning, dealing with this place was dreadful to say the least. We called to schedule installation on august 31, it's the 11 and we are still without Internet. Four different times they changed installation dates without even calling either of us in advance so we lost FOUR ENTIRE days of pay to stay home waiting for tv and Internet services. Then they told us after all that we can't have the prism tv feature and only a mere 10 Mbps connection after being promised tv and higher Internet when the tv wasn't in use. Frankly I'm baffled at how they stay in business because the reps we spoke to were infuriating to deal with to say the least. I won't name names but just be away the service reps are among elementary school level educations.
1	Well if you want a run around  company we just found one. They tell you one day then it turns to be another day. All I can say is good luck.
1	Honestly one of the worse ever.  I also cannot figure out how ANYONE would switch to this service.   They bait and switch you on the call in to the office....BEWARE of what they quote you...they even emailed me a confirmation of what I signed up for and what I would pay.   Then they came out, installed 4 rooms, upgraded the service and then billed me $50 more a month.  After I called in to complain they said it was just the first billing cycle wait a couple of bills and it will adjust.  Of course it never did, when I called back they said so sad too bad you have a year contract.   Then when I called to upgrade the internet I got transferred 4 times, each time having to go thru all of my information, numbers, ssn etc and each and every moron that came on the call was worse then the last.   PLEASE PLEASE IF AT LEAST ONE PERSON READS THIS AND DOESNT ORDER THE SERVICE IT WILL BE WORTH THE TIME I JUST WASTED.   STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY
