5	I love horses but the young, old, and first timers will all enjoy it. We did the evening time ride. It was a ride off into the sunset. The talk of the land, Native Americans, and history of some of the land and horses was really nice, and the peace and serenity was unspeakable.  I wished the ride was longer. But you ride with a great staff and they are awesome and friendly and helpful.Bring a jacket, and dont forget your sunscreen. ;)Bring your camera, cause your going to need and want it! I've done some photography but riding and taking pictures was something fun to adapt to indeed. I have some memories of a lifetime.This place is connected to a little saloon and bonnies restaurant (that was literally built from the ground up by even the wood from the land making its tables and chairs) and the ranch itself.After the glorious ride you end with a fire and a full dinner and dessert!On a great note, they pick you up and drop you off too, so no worries in how you'll get there, and no worries on how you will get home either because they do it for you which is super awesome! For those that are first timers out doors:  wear jeans and/or cargo pants, tennis shoes or boots. Layers is best with tank tops or tshirts and a jacket too (depending on how hot or cold you will feel), sunscreen and sunglasses (and a hat)  to help prevent the kickbacks of the dust from riding on the horses together.. Ladies don't try to be cute in heels you will break something (lol) , its not the place nor the time.  Sunscreen (even at sunset the Nevada sun can affect your skin), wear something you won't mind that will get a little dusty and dirty. You are after all, on a horse, out in the west.
5	Have you ever wanted to pack your bags and permanently leave the big city for a ranch in the Nevada desert? ...Neither have I but this place convinced me that I need an occasional desert retreat in my life. We flew to Vegas from Miami last summer (2012) and I found this company as I was searching online for things to do (prior to flight). I picked a date for the sunset ride, purchased two tickets online and was picked up at my hotel on the strip. The driver was really nice. He was friendly, courteous and talkative so the drive up was not a bore.At the ranch, they gave us some quick tips and a little lesson and paired us up one by one to a horse. Once we set off on our ride, it was literally one of the most relaxing things I had ever done. The views were great and the evening weather was perfect at the time. The dogs on the ranch came with and they were very entertaining as they worked together to chase rodents out of bushes. My horse stopped a couple times to scratch his rear on a bush which got quite a laugh out of everyone. As we were on our ride, an unusual storm began to approach. We got back before the storm and were able to hunker down until it passed.After the storm, we had BBQ for dinner and it was perfect. My only wish was that we could have stayed for the bonfire, but the rain just wouldn't allow for it. However, it was an awesome sight to watch the storm roll in as we rode and we got quite a lightening show. I'll settle for a bonfire on my next visit to Vegas because I would definitely do this again.
5	Incredible experience!!!  From the pickup to the drop-off, every second was amazing.  Ernie, a REAL cowboy, was the best host we could ask for.  The guys that run the ranch up north for the sunset ride were great- we took a beautiful ride through country completely unlike Vegas.  The dinner was unreal- ribeyes better than most steakhouses!  Capped off with a bonfire, Ernie's extremely talented singing and guitar playing, this was the best experience I could ever have imagined.  My wife and I left with incredible memories we will never forget.  Rock solid guys- thank you!!!
5	I honestly can't say enough great things about this place. But if you're looking to go horseback riding in the Vegas area do not look anywhere else this place is awesome. From all the guys that work there to the dinner to the ride back to our hotel went without a hitch, it was perfect. I wish I could ride longer. Absolutely no complaints whatsoever, you just have to go to this place. Well worth the money. And don't forget to tip the guys too.  They have cowboy hats for $25. And either red or blue bandanas for $5. Get them both!!! You will need the bandana for sure. Lots of dust!!!
5	My wife and I recently did the sunset ride. Was one of the top moments of our trip. The staff are very friendly and make sure that you are comfortable on your horse even as a first time rider. Great meal after the ride as well! Did some roping after dinner before heading back. Would recommend to all, regardless of age or experience.
