4	Private Club - good German fair when serving. Like the place and am a member.
5	I was fortunate enough to enjoy a Saturday night Oktoberfest celebration here this past weekend. A friend of mine is a member of this private German heritage club, and got tickets for me and our lady friends for this celebration.We brought our own steins (which cost varying prices to fill throughout the night depending on whom we asked), but were always full of beer from excellent breweries like Spaten and Hofbrauhaus. We enjoyed a phenomenal buffet, with two delicious wursts, pork cutlets, potato pancakes, sauerkraut, and a whole mess of tasty German sides dishes. And we spent the next three or four hours in a handsome ballroom with folks as much as three times our age, drinking beer and enjoying awesomely German music from "Fred Zurich and His Sound Machine".What a great time this place was! I've never had so much fun being 1/4 German in all my life. If you have a chance to visit, take it!
3	Okay, I'm biased because I'm actually German. And in Germany I'd probably never set a foot into a traditionally designed beer house - just because I'm from Berlin and this is more stuff Bavarians would do.But I was in Pittsburgh so different rules. Came here for brunch on a Sunday because of an invite. You're not a member? Sorry no entry. Luckily, my accent gave it away and apparently Germans are always welcome.They serve proper Bavarian food - Wurst, Bacon (?), Red Cabbage, fried potatoes - pretty solid. You can also get omelettes together with a Krug of German beer. Is that what we Germans do for breakfast back home? Maybe in the Bavarian woods, I'm not sure, but it is definitely something.The interior is quite unique - imagine Oktoberfest in 1935 and you get the idea. Fun fact: not everyone in there speaks German and they have waitresses that work there for over a decade. I do, however, appreciate that this Pittsburgh institution is around for more than 100 years and hope they'll stick around for a while.Maybe, in another 100 years, even the neighborhood won't look as dodgy as it looks right now.
4	Went here a couple Fridays ago to go to for lunch. Pretty cool place and the food was pretty good. I had the sausage platter, sauerkraut, coleslaw, and red cabbage...mmmmm! I can't wait to go back and try some other dishes. My only complaint is that the beers were a little small.
