3	Friendly lady rang us up for breakfast on the Saturday before St. Patrick's Day. I ordered their cold tuna sandwich and regular coffee. It was quick, considering that almost all our band friends were there buying breakfast before a street parade. Food was okay, coffee was good. Can't really complain. However, having a food court inside a four star hotel in Las Vegas was kind of out of place for me. But I guess that would be my review on the hotel and not this place.
5	If you came in through the local's entrance it's past the player's club (take 3 lefts). It's after the Starbucks. Tropicana LV matched our statuses with our M Life cards. Locals eat 25% off.  This place is our favorite local's casino.I wanted to try 1.50 Locals pizza!  It's truly delicious, espically the dough. My boyfriend had two slices of the Meat Lovers, and I had the White pizza.  Next time I should remember to flash my Gold card for 50%.. Still friendly staff and great food 5 star!Regular prices.. Slices are $4 plus .75 for each topping.  An entire pizza (18") is $18 but I think it's beats eating at "Secret pizza" in the Cosmopolitan.Tropicana has Free wifi you can use, " ILOVETROPLV ".
5	Came back to try their Calzones. The basic calzone has Ricotta, basil & Mozzarella cheese, I added Spinach & Pepperoni.  It was super nice to enjoy something THIS good.  I always order them everytime we're here because they're mouthwatering.  I can wait the 15-20 minutes for a fresh well made calzone any day of the week.Basic Calzone starts at $9 and it's a $1 for each filling.
1	I got my first case of food poisoning from this place.   First thing i ate in the day was a slice of veggie pizza and about two hours later i was extremely sick threw up all night, had severe diarrhea, high fever, shivering, and sweat profusely.  I'm just not sure how long those pizzas are sitting there without heat.
2	$8.50 slices of pizza....yay (lol)the free Hilton Honors breakfast that I received here included choice of 3 items, and one drink.  It was by far the worst breakfast I have received at a Doubletree anywhere in the world.  I am a Diamond member and spend a considerable amount of time at Hilton properties and was appalled at the level of service here.  Bagels were probably a frozen bagel, thawed and toasted.  They tasted dry and old.  Bread was fine, but only served with butter...no jam.  Yogurt Parfait was cheap yogurt with some strawberry goop and granola.  Not worth it.  Save your money and eat elsewhere...
1	While staying at Tropicana this past weekend, my friends & I decided to try this cafe after spending the day at the pool. Service was decent & food was just ok. However, after a few hours of having our meals 3 of us encountered horrible stomach aches and discomfort. Gladly it didn't get any worse other than feeling grossed out until late night hours. Will I recommend this place? Certainly not but maybe someone will have better experience.
2	My usual fave spot to go for a good slice of pizza. I've been coming here for 2 years since I stayed at Tropicana and accidentally found it. The pizza by the slice was good but the price was better! $4.75 was great! I was here in Feb '13 and price was still reasonable ($5) but now, July '13, it's $8 a slice?!? Not worth it!!! I guess I have to look for a new spot, unless hopefully it was raised due to the holiday. I can only hope.
1	WOW!!! Unbelievable how slow these guys are at making what should otherwise be quickie foods!!  I was here for a conference, with only 10 min breaks between lectures. I came here between two breaks to grab a breakfast sandwich. 10 mins in line cuz they are SUPER inefficient at taking orders... AND because their plasma-screen menu was displaying the lunch menu when they were only serving breakfast (leaving people to mull over their orders ALL OVER AGAIN)... then ANOTHER 12 mins to get my sammich after placing the order!!! Walking back to meeting now having missed 14+ mins of the lecture. Will repost in a bit to let you know if it was worth the wait. Likely not.  REEEEDICULOUS!!!
5	My first time in Vegas and got a cheap deal to stay at the Tropicana. On day 1 I tried a popular buffet in the strip for brunch and I felt ripped off. The line was too long (40 min wait), the buffet was pricey ($40+) and food was nothing extra ordinary.On day 2, I thought I would check out this South Beach cafe located inside the hotel. The buffet was only $21! The set up was simple and nice. I chose a window seat and attacked on the buffet. Again, the menu was nothing out of this world, but it seemed adequate and tasty enough. The stuffs were very nice. There was an omelet bar included in the buffet. I was so happy with food, service, and price that I went to eat there again on day 3!I was gonna give it a 4 if it was any other city. But for the friendly stuffs, zero wait time, and the reasonable price - these all added up to be a 5!
