4	This is Las Vegas' first Kipling store! It's stocked with stylish, durable and colorful high quality nylon handbags, accessories and luggage. The teenage girls and college women will especially love Kipling. I am especially loving their coated nylon pieces in metallic colors - very sleek, trendy and way affordable. Love it.
3	I was excited that a Kipling outlet store reached Las Vegas, however, was disappointed that the vast majority of their inventory was basic solid colors. I saw one print and it was an animal print. It's a shoebox sized store too. I did see a cute mini satchel for 50% off the marked price so it was $22.00. I didn't buy it though- I liked it, but I didn't love it. I can say that I like the LeSportsac outlet store better for the selection of prints (bright colors, fun cheery prints, whimsical at times), the size of the store, and the blowout pricing of 65% off.
4	I'm glad we decided to do our Black Friday shopping while we stayed in Las Vegas.The staffs were all very helpful and patient while I requested one after another bag be brought down for my scrutiny.Store isn't too big so it can get crowded, especially when there is a sale event going on. But the place is kept neat and tidy as the employees were constantly moving around putting things back.
1	Horrible customer service!I went in today to return a NEW carry-on suitcase that I had gotten from here, with the receipt and tags.  Imana (or however you spell her name since I had to ask for her name and there was no name tag) was beyond rude, unprofessional and b*tchy.She asked us if we could read english and that on the receipt it says that it's 90 days to make a return.  I told her, yes, I've read it and it says "100% satisfaction guaranteed" and I'm okay with store credit so I will get something else in the store.  She then again said, do you know how to read the receipt.  I then told her that it's new, the design is flawed since it keeps tipping and falling over once there's items in the carry on.  She did not want to listen.After feeling the frustration building up I asked her plainly, " are you going to help me with this return? "  She said no.  I grabbed my carry-on, receipt and asked for her name.  I did not go in there to be insulted and made upset.I have been buying Kipling things for over a decade and this is how they treat their customers?  The people that are paying their bills and giving them a reason to exist.I went onto their website on my phone and called the 866 number provided, however that number was just for online orders, so the lady on the phone gave me the customer relations number.  I called and filed my complaint, however it was routed to Nautica instead of Kipling.  Nautica's store manager actually called me right away to find out what was going on.  I politely told her that it wasn't their store.  I have been managing in the retail and food and bev industry for almost two decades now and customer service is vital for any business to survive.  This experience was absolutely despicable.  If one of my employees treated anyone let alone a customer like how I was treated today, they would be suspended or even terminated.  That is not how to conduct business and represent a company.
1	Super rude & nasty workers. Went there to return something/exchange. The 1st lady was by the register writing something. She just said wait. While she was writing not even saying please or greeting me etc. 2nd lady came to the 1st lady and said how that item is so old they don't carry it anymore. ?? Like what the hell is going on here I'm right in front of you and I can hear your stupid ass. After a few mins 1st lady was like what is this. I want to return or get a store credit because I'm not happy with this purchase. She's like we don't carry this item no more in the store. The hell you don't it's right there in the window display area in purple. She's like oh no it's different color and model. Well I want exchange it. She's like it pass 90 days you can't read the receipt. I jump back and was like WHAT.. It clearly says 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed don't u know how to read. I'm a paying customer how the hell your going to be so rude and trying to belittle your customer. She didn't want to help me at all. So I didn't get to exchange my item that I purchased in this store.I will never be purchasing from Kipling again. I have been buying Kipling items for many years. I'll be taking my money and business else where, where they respect their customers and value them.
