4	This place is enormous. O'Brien is probably putting every other car dealership out of business. That should have stopped us from buying a brand new Scion xB. (We really wanted a used Prius.) But we needed an affordable, spacious and fuel efficient vehicle - and no one else in town sells 'em.Purchasing the car was a snap. We got to test drive everything they had on the lot. Rick explained Scion's no - haggle price (even though O'Brien has pretty competitive prices on their used vehicles) which made everything simple. Including a free tank of gas and three complimentary oil changes. Matt financed our car in less than an hour. And we were off. Maybe we're just easy to please...AND! Whenever you need your car cleaned, you can go through their Car Wash for free. (Weather permitting, of course.)
1	It's not possible to give negative stars or I would for O'Brien's. My sister recommended that my husband and I try buy a used car here because she purchased her Camry there. So we went and thought we were getting a good deal on a used 2004 Corolla LE Thursday, Sept. 18. We paid $3,000 down of our own money that day and filled out all of the papers--with the understanding that  we could back out of the deal at any time--because the car was in need of some paint touch ups and total detailing because the car had just been traded in. We were promised the car Monday, Sept. 22. When we called Monday morning to talk to our car salesman we were told that we'd have to wait to pick up the car until right before closing because the "carpets were still drying." Instead we offered to pick up the car Tuesday morning to give them more time. After getting a ride out there Tuesday morning we arrived to "bad news" (according to our salesman). The car was not ready. The paint work that was supposed to have been completed was the wrong color--he even admitted it before we saw it. When we saw the car, we were not happy. Not only was the passenger side rear quarter panel painted the wrong color, but there was chipped paint around the fuel tank door that looked as if someone had touched it up with nail polish instead of being fixed as promised. Paint chips on the bumper were untouched. Our salesman told us that we would have the car Thursday morning and that we would love the car and it would be perfect. He was very apologetic and we understood that he was not at fault for the bad workmanship. Upset, we left hoping that we would be satisfied one week after purchasing the car. After some thought we decided to look around at a few other dealers, including Worden Martin because we realized it was uncalled for to wait one week for a car. At Worden Martin we found a 2007 Corolla LE and negotiated a price that was only $1300 more than the price we negotiated at O'Brien for the 2004 Corolla LE! We explained our situation to the salesman at Worden Martin and said that we'd return to buy the car that evening.We returned to O'Brien's where naturally our salesman tried to talk us out of canceling the deal. He couldn't understand why we didn't want to wait a week to pick up a car we had already made a deposit on after it being unacceptable. Finally, he agreed to give us the paperwork and our check back and cancel the transaction. However, it turns out that O'Brien's DEPOSITED OUR CHECK FOR $3,000!!! I see that one reviewer didn't put any money down and bought a car. I guess that's how they can afford to do it! They refunded the money for the stop payment we had to issue through our bank and we were all set. Or so we thought.The long story gets longer though. After a call today (Sept. 24) to my lender to confirm that O'Brien hadn't sent loan paperwork through they called back to inform me that O'Brien's HAD SENT LOAN PAPERWORK THROUGH FOR A CAR WE DIDN'T HAVE IN OUR POSSESSION! But they took our money and our loan anyway. I'm still trying to sort out the mess that O'Brien's created and hope that my credit score hasn't been affected.O'Brien's completely screwed us over at every opportunity. I realize they didn't mean to do this but how can you excuse taking people's money? Unfortunately they're the only Toyota dealer in town but hopefully we can find another dealer if we ever need parts or service. I certainly don't want to give them any money!Gayle Chaney at Worden Martin took great care of us and we drove out with a car in an hour or less. They were priced more competitively and were decent to negotiate with.
3	Didn't like it the first time I stopped by. I was not sure which car I wanted to buy, when etc. I was just trying to get the first look at the dealership, the cars, the everything. The guys who were handling me were not friendly, they were not even polite. I thought I would never go back there. However, after some research I set my mind on 2009 Mitsubishi Lancer. It turns out  that O'Brien is the only Mitsubishi dealer around. So I did go back. I did buy a car from them and it was an OK experience overall.
1	I live in Chicago, IL. My family and I drove out of state for the weekend. After about 200 miles away from home, my Hyundai Santa Fe experienced problems so I had it towed to the nearest Hyundai dealer, O'Brien Hyundai in Urbana, IL. We left the Santa Fe there and rented a car to continue our trip. The service department and I were in constant contact during that weekend hoping to have work completed, or at least a complete analysis of the problem, by my Monday evening return to Illinois. O'Brien Hyundai informed us that they had no loaner cars even though they are an Auto Park with 12 auto brands and dealerships in nine cities. The link labeled "The Journey" of their website boasts:"O'Brien Automotive Team locations are in nine cities and four states and include Peoria, IL (2 locations); Normal, IL, Urbana, IL, Champaign, IL; North Pekin, IL; Ft. Myers, FL (2 locations); Naples, FL; Chamblee, GA, and Cathedral City, CA (3 locations). Automotive brands include Mitsubishi, Hyundai, Kia, Toyota, Scion, Jeep, Volkswagen, Dodge, Chrysler, Subaru, Chevrolet, and Mazda." (www.obrienteam.com)How can you have this many dealerships and and not offer loaner cars? The work that needed to be completed was covered by my warranty. It took from February 5, 2010 to March 1, 2010 for the service to be completed. They kept trying to find additional stuff they could fix and charge me for, and when I gave them the go ahead to fix it, they would break something else and tell me it would take an additional week to correct. The total car rental cost was $1,018.80. If I'd known the service would take as long as it did, I would've had the vehicle towed to my preferred dealer near my home where I would've been offered a loaner and not have to make a 2.5 drive to pick up my car.I really would like to hope that in this day and age my ethnicity had nothing to do with why I wasn't offered a loaner, but I was born and raised in Illinois so I know better.
4	I purchased a new Toyota at O'Brien in 2007.  I've had my car serviced there every time with the exception of getting an alarm system installed outside.  I've always found their service to be prompt, reasonably priced and friendly.  They have a generous drop off/pick up service while the have your car.  In addition they have done a small repair service not covered by warranty (battery drained) for free.  I think the price I paid for my car was fair but since they are the only dealer in town for many of the makes they sell (including Toyota), the prices are not going to be cut throat.
3	I purchased a car from here and continue to have minimal service done here.  I do my own oil changes and other small service since I don't trust dealers to do it right.  I have had warranty work and things like tire mounting and balancing done here.  The tire mounting and balancing has always been fine, but the warranty service has left a little to be desired.  After replacing a shock in my car, the car now sits lower at that point where the shock was replaced by about a quarter of an inch.  However, this is within the generous factory specifications for the car so they won't do anything.  For things you can't do on your own like a tire mount or balance, they're fine with a coupon.  However, anything else I wouldn't really trust them to do it right.
1	Frankly, I think the fact that O'Brien has felt the need to add 5 bogus 5-star reviews for itself in the last 2 days says everything you need to know about their business practices. But here's more.  I bought a car from them that had to be shipped from another dealer.  When I went to pick it up, they had me first sign my trade-in title over to them,  then took me back to see it.  They had assembled a large group of folks to ostentatiously appluad and congratulate me on my purchase.  Perhaps they thought clapping would distract me from the fact that the car was emphatically NOT the car that I had signed papers for.  When I pointed this out, they assured me that oh certainly, this is what you bought.  When I retrieved the papers with the details about the car that I had purchased, a manager informed me that "oops, the salesman must have made a mistake.  That model year doesn't come in those color combinations.  Sorry about that. Here's your car."  Really? Mitsubishi has stopped making black cars with grey leather interiors?  You might have thought that was a relatively popular combo. Only after threatened with legal action did they discover that "Oh, we can get your in those colors after all.  It will be here tomorrow."  They had a different salesperson sign the papers on the new-new car when it arrived the next day.  The only truthful one in the bunch, he apologized to me and said "When we came in and saw the shipment, we all felt so bad, we knew that wasn't the car that you wanted." Took another car in there for service as the engine kept stalling while driving.  They couldn't discover the cause of that problem, but did heartily recommend another $2700 in repair work for various thises and thats that absolutely had to be taken care of immediately.  I declined, and the car has worked on lo these 4 years since with not one single problem. Oh, and a second fuel-injector-cleaner treatment solved the stalling issue.
4	I am going to try to ignore the other reviews on this page because I know that some reviews for O'Brien are suspect.I brought my car in to be serviced and was pleased and the cordial staff, clean and accommodating facilities, and no run around with trying to make me tack on extra services to my car than requested - unlike the place to which I normally bring my car. Service, also, was quicker than expected. At the end of the appointment, I appreciated that they gave me a printout of justified services that should be done to my car in the next year. They have also sent me multiple mail reminders about these services, which can get annoying, but are considerate.I didn't find the cost of service to be egregious. I also only trust going to official dealers to service my car, so I will definitely be back.
4	I've lived in Champaign for the majority of my life and when I got my Mitsubishi Spyder when I was 16, I took it here for almost every service check-up (except for when I went to college in Florida) and I was always pleased.Just recently, I bought a VW Touareg from an awesome salesperson there and I've been happy with it so far. I definitely plan to keep going there in the future.That being said, if the false reviews by O'Brien dealers are true, that's VERY disheartening.
5	I took my Toyota here to get some routine maintenance done on it and I truly had what I think is the best possible experience you could have getting your car serviced. People were friendly, efficient, ON TIME!! and I didn't feel like I was being completely ripped off. Also, they gave me a ride to and from work, which made the whole irritation of the getting my car serviced very simple. Maybe I've just lived in fear for too long of being ripped off when it comes to my car (they see a clueless girl, right?), but I think I finally trust someone! Oh, and they washed and vacuumed my car- for free. Win!
1	Run away, run far far away.  Not sure about purchasing with them but went in for service and had the worst customer service treatment I've ever received.  My car was returned with several new scratches and the service manager basically confirmed that they didn't believe me and wouldn't do anything to fix the problem.
1	You know how they have all those television commercials saying, "If you have a job, we'll put you in a car?"  This is supposed to be regardless of credit history or location of said job.  I took it for what it was worth, and provided a legitimate job offer to them, one with a starting salary of $55,000/yr, in the door.  I know I have a bad credit rating, as I am still recovering from filing a Chapter 7 Bankruptcy just over 2 years ago, so I am expecting a higher interest rate, which I will have no problem paying to re-establish my credit rating.I was told that my possible trade-in car wasn't worth much as a trade-in, but if I could come up with $1,000 as a down payment, they would be willing to waive the trade-in requirement and pre-approve me to get into a newer car.  I took the salesman at his word and found a third party individual who was in dire need of a car, and he bought my car for over $1,000.  I called up my insurance company to put in notice that I was purchasing a newer car and needed to upgrade my State minimum to full coverage.  My premium was duly increased, but since I was still covered until the middle of July, I didn't have to make any payments until next month, so all is well so far.I find out my loan was approved by the bank, but there was a small hiccup:  The bank would not release the funds to the dealer until the first day of my new job.  The new job starts on June 6th, 2011, and the dealer's owner decides at the last moment that he doesn't want to approve the deal because, Heaven forbid, the new job is in Washington, DC...700+ miles away from the middle of nowhere.  The dealer is afraid that just because I have a job offer, it doesn't mean I have been hired, and if I take their 2003 Mercury Grand Marquis to Washington, D.C. and am unable to pay for my car, they have no way of getting their car back.So I am now left out in the cold, without a car from O'Brien, without a car that was actually running because I had let someone else purchase it from me, expecting to get a newer car, and now I have to take a bus or train to Washington, DC with just a duffle bag full of clothes and $1,000 in my pocket.  Thanks O'Brien, your false advertisements made such a difference in my life.  So where's the fine print saying that the customer's job offer has to be within 150 miles of the dealer?
2	Purchased a used vehicle and had a very bad experience with the sales manager who was very unprofessional. Basically we negotiated a verbal deal on a Friday, I had to goto the bank and would be back Monday to purchase. He said he could not hold the car, which I understood. When I returned Monday he almost refused to sell me the car at the price we talked about because he said he would not go that low. Even the sales person I was talking to said we agreed on the price. After finally agreeing and making me feel very unappreciated and talked about to other employees while signing papers we left with the car.The Toyota service and Volkswagen service have both been great overall, even though toyota always tries to upsell you random things while you wait for an oil change, but the wait room is nice, free shuttle, car wash, etc makes it a good deal.
5	Best. Customer. Service. EVER.I would like to thank Doug for his incredible understanding in me rescheduling my tune-out twice given my student schedule. Truly, best customer service I have received in terms of cars. I hope Toyota recognizes this.
1	I just moved here from out of state and called for an estimate. I have a broken passenger mirror on my Camry that needs to be replaced. I researched the part online and also went to a parts store. It costs about $55. When I called O'brien, they stated that the part and labor will cost $355 plus tax. This is absurd. This experience alone has prompted me to take my business elswhere.
5	I was in the market for a new car. Originally, I didn't want to buy anything from O'brien because when my husband tried to purchase his car there 6 years ago, they were very high pressure and he hated the experience. We went to see the new Highlander and test drive it, totally intending to buy it in Decatur where the other car was purchased. We had emailed O'Brien inquiring about a couple cars and when we went to test drive we met Bruce. He was really patient, just listened to what we wanted and didn't "pitch" us. He noticed we already had a Highlander and asked where we got it and why we didn't purchase it with them. My husband was honest and said he didn't like how they pressured him last time. Bruce reassured us that they've completely changed their sales tactics. They had. I ended up buying a brand new Highlander. Bruce did not pressure us, he didn't ask too many questions and we got a really, really, great price. I got the 2 year complimentary service with the new car (I really think it's more like 2 years PRE-PAID maintenance, but I digress). Their service department is really awesome. I walk in and Todd always greets me by name. Last time, I had my 1 year old nephew with me while waiting for an oil change. Bruce, my sales guy came and talked to us and bought him a snack. Bruce and I share a deep love for the Packers and I got a phone call from him when the Packers won the Superbowl. I really appreciate that he remembered me and that I loved the Packers. It's a really big dealership, but I think the service is very personal.
1	My husband and I bought our vehicle at O'Brien's back in 2010. As a part of a "deal" we purchased oil changes through the end of our warranty. This meant that we were to go to O'Brien's for all of our service needs. Two years later, we can't wait for our warranty/oil change "deal" to be done. Every time we go there we are pushed to the point of anger. There is no such thing as customer service. They never do what we ask them to, and often decide to do things and charge us without talking to us. This is despite the fact that I always request a written estimate before work is performed. Additionally, our post-service paperwork often says we have previously declined service when the previous paperwork says nothing about the recommendations. Not to mention that the service advisors don't mention any recommended service. They leave us to deal with the poor cashier/receptionist who has no idea what is going on. I have brought our vehicle there three times for the same issue and it's still not fixed. Seems like they are just waiting until our warranty is done (in a few thousand miles) so they can charge us. What a scam. We will never buy a car here again, nor get service there.
5	Drew at VW service at O'Brien always has my best interest at heart and does great follow up - pleasure to work with a truly professional organization
5	I just purchased a new (2012) Toyota Tacoma through O'Brien Auto Park.  I contacted their online representative (Matthew Shanks) via Email and got a very good price comparable to the best of other dealers in the state which I had contacted.Since this was a special order,  he was very helpful in getting the paperwork arranged and it was completely without the usual "talk to the manager" and other salesmen's games - a simple business deal at a good price.It's a pity that more dealerships don't consider this business model - honest, unstressful and building value for both parties.  Thumbs up for Matt and O'Brien.
1	Just because you live in Champaign/Urbana, you can purchase your car elsewhere!  My husband and I were both in the market for new vehicles and silly me, I thought we would get some sort of deal for buying two brand new cars in one day.  No way!  I purchased a 2013 Hyundai Elantra and I am still pleased with my purchase after a month.  My husband purchased a 2012 Hyundai Veloster and noticed transmission problems when he drove it off the lot at 8:30pm.  The A/C also was not working as it had during the test drive.  He called at 8:30am the next morning to service to have the car checked out.  The two transmissions in the vehicle both failed.  The techs could not figure out how to repair the problem and had to order two new transmissions.  I was dumbfounded by the situation considering this was a brand new car.  When he asked to trade the vehicle in for a different Veloster, they said no way in hell, this is why you have a warranty.  After throwing a fit, we traded in the Veloster with all the issues and purchased a different one.  My first experience talking to finance was a nightmare.  I asked why they had included GAP insurance in the price when I never requested it and was told that's the smart thing to do.  I already have GAP insurance through my insurance company and am not paying twice.  When I explained this, I was told that their insurance is the best and I would be making a stupid decision by not purchasing it.  Rather than speaking in a professional and friendly manner, he got upset that I refused to pay for the insurance.  We were pleased with our sales rep until he was caught in a few lies and blamed others for providing misinformation.  We were also told that he was instructed to tell us that Velosters are not made in electrolyte or vitamin c.  My husband called a dealer in Chicago and found that they had an Electrolyte Veloster, but O'Brien told us they were lying even though it was on their website and we were told by the rep over the phone.  My husband was told if he wants a Veloster, he has to buy the one off the lot (the one with all the issues) because they can't do dealer trades on Velosters.  Fun fact: The Veloster we replaced the faulty one with was a dealer trade.  Another fun fact: They now have the mythological Electrolyte Veloster that is "not in production" as well as a Vitamin C one.  We were told they would never see those again.  Through this ordeal, we were informed on numerous occasions that O'Brien has done nothing but do their best to help us.  It never felt that way.  We were yelled at by Brian, the sales manager when we made complaints on the faulty Veloster.  Not only did he raise his voice, he threw his hands in the air, rolled his eyes, yelling "Oh my God!" when he were discussing trading in the faulty car.  We spoke to Jim Turner, the owner, because of Brian's behavior.  He never once apologized for how things were handled and how Brian behaved, but he did tell me that Brian went through so much work to keep us happy and he could understand why Brian would get so bent out of shape.  That, to me, is not customer service.  Of the 7 new cars I have purchased, this is by far the worst experience I've had and refuse to use O'Brien for any future purchases.
1	The most incompetent, up charging, frustrating mechanics in town. I took my Mazda, which I bought there, and my vw there for routine service and they charged me a ton and never fixed most of my problems. Go ANYWHERE but here. I recommend Peter b. I used to take my Saab there and they were great and honest. Since moving I've taken my cars to dealerships in Ann Arbor and they are appalled at the low quality of the work I paid tons of money for in Urbana. My cars now drive better than they have in years. I have faithfully had my cars serviced at obrien because they were the only dealers in town. I feel like I was totally cheated by them for YEARS.
4	I was very hesitant to go to O'Brien after all the bad reviews I read. I got there and my appointment was made for the wrong day, two days earlier; but they were accommodating and took my car. The shuttle took me to work within 10 mins wait. They did the repair, broken horn just with the diagnostic cost. (I liked that) The recall was fixed for free of course. They did some checking and found three items that needed repair. Not cheap but not overly priced either. So I had it completed. Took them all day with the car but they scheduled a shuttle for after work and the guy was a little early. The service people were all friendly and very helpful. It was a little slow but  they were busy and not any slower than most service shops. It was clean and pleasant experience. Not to mention when I was paying they say why don't you spin this wheel of fortune. Without thinking anything about it, I did and when I looked up I had won $100 off my service! Very sweet deal :) So, overall I was impressed even with tiny setbacks and I would go back again. My car was definitely running better afterwards.
5	I took my car in for a 45,000 mile required service, and found it to be a very pleasant experience.  I made an appointment, and was seen right away.  The staff are all very friendly and honest about the necessary repairs, and the waiting area is very clean and comfortable.  The coffee and donuts were a nice touch.
1	I don't know anything about cars, so I often go to the dealership for service because I feel that while they might rip me off, at least they are likely to do things correctly.  Guess again.  I took my car into the O'Brien Mazda service center here and they could not diagnose a rhythmic noise I heard while driving. I took the car in three times for this problem. I spent money on the diagnostic fee and then I spent money (labor) on "bending something" that they said was rubbing against something else but they could not tell me what these things were. I admit I was suspicious at this point. You can't tell me what is rubbing?  They said, "Well it is something in there rubbing against something else."  I think the invoice said something like "adjustment."  This did nothing.  I also had my brakes done including rotors because they said this was due.Then I moved to another town and took my car into my new local Mazda dealership to see if they had any ideas about the mysterious rhythmic noise.  They took one look at the car and said, uh... your tires are worn.  Sure enough.  They also told me my brakes needed to be replaced because my last mechanic had used NON-STANDARD INFERIOR PARTS on the brake job, installed the brakes wrong, and the result was not safe (it was also very squeaky).So they did my brakes wrong (putting my life at risk?) and they cannot diagnose worn tires.  Keep away from this place.
5	Had a very good experience here. My girlfriend wanted me to come with her to look at some Mitsubishis and met a very knowledgable and honest salesman that took us through the pros and cons - no pressure to buy at all.She ended up falling in love with the Hyundai and a few hours later drove it off the lot with getting a great deal on her trade-in and a great deal on the SUV. She got everything she wanted, all of it... from the price that fit her exact budget and the value for her trade-in. It helps she is very meticulous with her credit, banking and car maintenance as all of these factors made her into the perfect customer. That said, before any of that stuff was known, the salesman was excellent at helping her out and answered all of her questions truthfully. The experience I had earlier with Illini Nissan is like night and day... those other guys were total amateurs.UPDATE 5/9/13: I just went back to O'Brien because of the experience with my girlfriend. I traded in two cars to lease a VW TDi. Just took a 1,200 mile round trip in the VW and it performed even better than expected. Getting 45+ mpg in Texas where the speed limits reach 80mph is unbelievable. But this review is about O'Brien.This experience is slightly different because my girlfriend bought a Hyundai and I got a VW. It's clear that as a result, the domain of knowledge and packages available are going to differ a great deal. That said, my dealer did an excellent job of working with my constraints, which as a nerd working in the tech sector and a long-time car/Jeep/truck enthusiast and hobbyist mechanic, I tend to have a very long list of constraints. He did try to offer me some cheaper versions to fit my budget, but I really wanted a diesel engine so he worked with me.Because I had two cars to trade in, we took the car I was looking at for a drive to my house and picked up the other old car so it could be brought to the dealership. We negotiated on terms, all the while I felt comfortable that the dealers were being straight forward and not dishonest. I actually spoke with two folks at once, dealer and manager. Super nice guys, clearly car junkies and definite VW enthusiasts. Even got invited to an international VW gathering at the end of the month. I pushed back on the trade-in value of my beloved old Jeep. Really, really going to miss that Jeep. The dealers gave me another $500 on it, and offered another $100 above what I thought the Saab was worth. My dealer was strictly professional, polite, friendly, and knowledgeable. I walked into the dealership at 6pm, and they stayed after the 8pm closing to work the details. After everyone was happy, we shook hands and left. I came back the next morning to sign the paperwork and pickup the car. Basically, after what my girlfriend went through, there was a reason for coming back, and I'm very glad that I did. When I have a good experience, I like to share it, so I will continue repeating to others that I had a great experience at O'Brien.
1	While I have no specific issue with the sales department other than being typical pushy salespeople, I would urge everyone to avoid O'Brien because of their service department. If you do buy a car there make sure you get it serviced elsewhere.I honestly don't know why I kept taking our Hyundai Santa Fe back for the last 7 years. Nearly every time they've rotated the tires the alignment has been way off after, and while they've happily realigned it each time it's still a waste of time. They also botched a tire repair so badly that they ended up just giving me a new tire. Most of the work they've done has either had to be re-done right away or shortly thereafter.They've always ended up making right, but not without a lot of fight on my part. I've been treated rudely by the staff when asking questions. They've also tried multiple to charge me for work that should be covered under our extended warrenty. I'm not sure if this behavior is two-faced or the result of simply not having properly trained staff, but either way there are better places in Central Illinois to get your car serviced.
1	*My husband and I bought a brand new (so I thought) 07 Santa Fe with 61 miles in April 2007.  2 days later I had to bring it back because the a/c stopped working.  Then next summer I had to take it back again because the a/c stopped again.  At that point my car had lost more than half of the Freon it needs to run. *Then again in summer 2009 it stopped working again.   O'Briens then told me that they put a bunch of dye in and filled the Freon up again and to bring it back in 3 days.  I did just that.  Once again they told me the checked the system and the entire lines and found nothing.  Same thing the next following 2 years and informed me that in order to actually cool my car it needed to be on recirculate to keep my large car cool.  I was like whatever and took it to another Hyundai dealership that treated me the same way. *Finally in summer of 2012 I was mad and insisted theycheck everything related to the a/c. They said that the rear a/c evaporator needed to be replaced.  So they replaced it and didn't charge me the $100 deductible that my warranty required.  I was happy again thinking all was fixed and now we are good.*I WAS SO WRONG!  Now 14 months later my a/c stops working AGAIN.  At this point I asked for all of the service records on my car.  Come to find out that my car has had an a/c problem at 11 miles in 2006.  I would have thought any respectable car dealership would of mentioned that when I had to bring it back 2 days after we bought it.  And now it's the same part they replaced last year and the part warranty expired at 12 months so our extended warranty should cover it but they would need and inspector to come and look at it and that usually takes 24-48 hours.  I was PISSED! So they gave me a free rental (so I thought O'Briens were covering the cost of the rental) car to drive for as long as in needed it they said.  I thought that O'Briens was doing everything they could to make Jared and I happy customers.  *NOPE! They called me 5 days later and said yes the warranty company is coving the part but it will take a month to get here and you need to bring the rental back ASAP because your warranty only covers the rental for 5 days.  I'm supposed to drive a car around in the middle of summer with no a/c or with it leaking Freon really fast.  They said yes come get it.  I was pissed once again, mainly because I was driving back and forth from Bloomington (where I live) and I have MS. So going without a/c is just not an option.  I cannot function in a car at 90+ degrees outside.   So I begrudgingly took my car back leaking Freon and it stopped working after 3 days.  At this point we were talking to Hyundai USA about what was going on and a possible buy back of our vehicle.  Hyundai did get the part expedited faster but told my husband that they didn't have to buy it back or do anything else to recertify the situation. *The part came in a week later.  O'Brien once again suckered me in thinking they were doing everything to keep me a happy customer.  They said bring it in and because it will take most the day to fix we will loan you a car for the day.  I brought my car in and they did not have me sign an estimate/review of what they were doing, just a blank agreement for the day car rental.  I then returned that afternoon to pick up my car after most of the employees left.  I go to the checkout counter and they tell me it's going to be $1032.00. I looked at the guy checking me out and said no it won't.  My warranty was supposed to cover it.  So he took my sheet to the only Hyundai service employee left to fix it.  Then she tells me ok warranty covered it so your balance is $100.00. Once again I said no it not.  I explained that I wasn't charged last year for the deductible and I'm not paying it this time for the same exact part.  Then the lies started.  She first said it might have been a different warranty let me check it out.  I said ok.  Then she said it the same warranty it just looks like the customer service department covered it for you.  I said ok then they should cover it again because you people should have caught this problem in 2008!  She then got the service manager to come back and help figure it out.  My husband and I fought with him about 20 mins. He told us that it looked like it was paid last year, then called my husband a liar when Jared told him we didn't.  I paid the $100 without signing the papers or my credit card receipt!  So now next year when it breaks again it will be out of warranty and we are just SOL!!  *We also had problems with the fact that I had to turn around immediately after having it serviced many times because the alignment was off. They also over plugged a tire that should have been replaced sooner because it wasn't safe to drive on.
2	My fiance and I were car shopping and this was by far the shadiest dealer we encountered. They had a VW we had our eye on, but when we ran the NADA numbers on it, we found out that they had it priced $4000 over what it was actually worth. They wouldn't negotiate the car down to where we felt we weren't being cheated.On top of that, I felt like they were often talking down to me since I'm a female. Even though I definitely don't know much about cars, treat me as your equal!
5	This dealership is FANTASTIC!! I've never shopped for a car before and they were very helpful and patient, giving me information but not making me choose one way or another. I had Steve and he was excellent. I wilk definitely be coming back and sending famiky & friends here from now on. Thanks Steve & Eric!! (:
2	Decided that they are very overpriced and always tell me the same thing is wrong for my cars. Why do both a 2007 And a year car have water pump cracks. Oh cause they want you to spend money. When looking to trade up I, it was like pulling teeth to get the attention of a salesman. In the end I traded for a Jeep. They actually cared to get my business. And oil changes are 1/2 what Toyota was!! After 13 years of toyotas I am no longer a fan of the car due to crappy service at O'Brien.
3	The sales department here is very good. The service department isn't too bad, but could use improvement.
1	Definitely got the run around here in trying to buy a car and trade in my current one. Kept going back and forth on what they would do for me with the trade-in and the price of the vehicle. Did not keep me or my husband involved in what was going in. Apparently, they were too busy to call and inform us. If I wanted to find anything out, I had to call them at the end of the day before they closed to find out anything and they would say they needed more time. Needless to say, they never even bothered to get back to us. I sent two emails to express my dissatisfaction in them never bothering to call us, and of course they don't respond to the email. I will take my business to someone who values our time and has the decency to respond to their customers.
