5	Friendly professional staff, experienced certified personal Trainers, brand new cutting edge cardio equipment, free weights and machines, kids club, super clean well maintained equipment, and extremely affordable memberships. Never have to wait for cardio machines or weights, and some of the best group classes with phenomenal energetic instructors.
5	I've been a member of Pure Fitness, LA Fitness, and 24Hr Fitness over the years, and being an active, gym rat, I was picky on what gym I would join since recently moving back to Scottsdale.  My brother told me about Smart Gym, so I checked them out on Wednesday.   I must say I was very impressed.   I met one of the owners, Colt, and he, along with the entire staff seem to be very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.  The environment is inviting, comfortable, spacious, and has everything you need.  They also offer a variety of great classes!  Needless to say, I signed up right then and there!   I also had my free personal training session and assessment with Sean today, Friday.  He is very good!  Being involved in sports and working out most of my life, I thought I've tried it all, but I was wrong.  Sean gave me a workout unlike I've ever experienced before...it was challenging and I loved it!  I've never paid for personal training, but with the workout he gave me, along with the incredible price, I couldn't resist and signed up for training sessions!  I am very happy I joined this gym, and excited to get in the best shape I've ever been in!  Thank you guys!  i will definitely refer people to you!
5	I've used LA fitness, private martial arts gyms, done home fitness, etc. I have to say, Smart Gym is the way to go! It's more than reasonably priced (PT is extra) and the equipment is awesome. Plenty of cardio, machines, weights and TRX and classes.  I worked with a trainer a few times and man, they really get you working, even in the 30 min sessions. Staff is friendly and helpful and my trainer was very knowledgeable. Here's the cherry on top, the corporate office. Usually when you call a corporate office you get the run around, talk to machines, etc.I had a billing question that the front desk was unable to answer. Someone from front desk emailed a member of the billing department at corporate and within five minutes, the corporate office called me to answer my question. She was refreshingly helpful and friendly. I live in s. Scottsdale and this place is worth the drive!
1	Absolutely horrible experience cancelling our memberships.  They are all smiles and cheers on the front-desk to get the sales, but let me tell you, it has been pure venom from the back office.
1	To their credit though, someone did contact my wife about my Yelp review to hear more about why we are so dissatisfied.  Still rates a 1-star, but at least they understand how Yelp works.
1	...and they just charged us again.DO NOT do business with this company, they can not be trusted.  No integrity.After repeated contact with them, and a 'well you canceled the day before the fee cycle' last month, and a 'this is a cancellation fee' that we paid last month, I find that we are again charged a monthly fee.  This is just plain fraudulent.  Now we have to contact our bank to report this as a fraudulent charge and report Smart Gym as a disreputable business.  All of this ordeal for the last few months, just to cancel a membership to this gym.  A gym that I have never even set foot in (wife signed me up).  I can't comment about the quality of the training or the equipment, but even if that is all top of the line, what good is any of it if they have no integrity and can't be trusted with your account information?We have been repeatedly and intentionally deceived, and I find that unacceptable.
4	Smart Gym has lots of new state of the art equipment. I've tried several of the group fitness classes which have been fun and challenging. I've found the fitness instructors to be first rate. It's very clean, there are members of all ages and the monthly rate is very affordable.
5	For $10 a month, it's a pretty good deal I think. This gym is pretty new and you can tell by all the nice clean new equipment. All the staff I have talked to are very friendly and easy going. I enjoy working out at this gym, it doesn't ever seem to be crowded. It's nice not to have to wait for a machine.
5	I have always wanted to try personal training and I am so happy I found Emanuel!  After a few sessions I am so much more motivated to reach my goals.  He personalized  the workouts to my interests and so far it's been fun!
5	Best gym I have been a member of.  They are friendly and actually seem to care.  The training is great!  Equipment is great too!
5	Took the spin class with spin teacher Nicole Farr. Was a great booty kicking. She's awesome. Go check her out!!!!!!
4	Good basic gym.  Never really a crowd.  Staff is friendly.  They keep it clean and play good music.  Also it is...Cheap!
3	This place tries to stand out but they are just like all the rest.  There is really nothing that makes them better or worse than all the other gyms.  Relatively the same equipment, fees, classes, contracts, etc. as you would find anywhere else.  Sure the place may look different and the sales guy will point out the stupid leather on the machines or make it sound like their $20/month deal is going away because they are losing money or something stupid like that; but its all the same stuff.$1 to join (I'm not sure what that is but it is literally idiotic) plus some other $39 fee that they charge you every year for god knows what.  I gave them the wrong phone number when I signed up so they wouldn't constantly call me to press their personal training or sell me other junk.  My wife wasn't so smart and it has been a comedy of errors for her to set up her "free" session.I tried to get a pass for a few days to try out the place before hearing the sales guy drone on about nonsense, but he wouldn't have it.  I got the full workup about how the prices were going up and yada yada and I should sign up now and if I don't like it I could cancel.  I decided I couldn't stand another second of his sales pitch so I just signed up knowing full well it could be a huge mistake.Anyway, the 20 bucks I pay every month is well worth it.  The place is never busy, the hours are good, the classes fit my needs, and the equipment is excellent.  The only thing I could do without is the sales bullsh*t.  Its not as awful as buying a car, but close.  I just loath the day I have to cancel because I know its going to be a disaster.
5	5 stars for great value for price paid.I have been a member at many gyms over the years. I find Smart Gym to be a great value for the price. They offer a variety of VERY clean, well maintained, up-to-date equipment.There's a lot of cool technology add-ons for those who want to use it. The internet/web/TV/games stuff on the bicycles, treadmills, etc make it easy to plug you earphones into to distract you while you work out - just remember to bring the plug-in variety as your bluetooth ones won't work on these.  I personally am not much of a TV watcher when exercising so I just shut off that feature and listen to my own music using my bluetooth earbuds.  During the 6 months I have been a member, they have added several more pieces of equipment and specialized stations. I can't recall a time that anything was out of service or unavailable. I tend to use the free & cable weight areas & rowing machine. I find the staff to be pleasant and helpful. I personally did not feel hammered by the sales staff.  I am contract skeptical in general and everything was clearly explained to me, questions answered, no games. And, coolness!- my personal membership choice allows me to bring a guest with me EACH time I visit, so one of my kids, friends or husband can come along anytime. Terri, a personal trainer there, has been excellent at helping me w/ finding ways to improve fitness-wise while accommodating damaged & surgically repaired joints and the like. There are a variety of classes offered and the instructors are qualified and deliver. Evaluate what you want to use at a gym- you will definitely pay more for a pool and other water features because those are expensive to maintain. No basketball courts or the like. If that's what you want, they don't have it here- that's part of what keeps down the costs. BUT-- If you want a gym that offers a whole lot of equipment, a generous free weight area, the latest in cool new equipment and specialized classes, traditional classes,  spotless locker room, changing areas & childcare you will get it here.
5	I joined Smart Gym when it first opened and then later convinced my husband to join. We were coming over from Lifetime Fitness (all the bells and whistles and fees that go along with that!). We have both been so happy with Smart Gym and I can't imagine going back to Lifetime prices after the great gym experience we have both had at Smart Gym. The cleaning staff are exceptional. The front desk staff greet me as I walk in the door. The kids club is clean and staffed with people who really get down on the floor and play with the kids. The equipment is in great condition (probably because it is mostly new!) The classes are fun and engaging and a great value. Overall, we have been really happy with the Smart Gym. I would have no reservations recommending it to friends (and have!)
3	I signed up in November 2013 and never went back.. In September I showed up in person and asked to cancel my membership. I was told I had another month of membership in my contract, I said that's fine, but let it be the final month. I wrote a length letter in person on a sheet of paper they provided me explicitly requesting cancellation. Well they charged me again in October 2014. That was supposed to be the final month. Fine. But then they charged me for November again. After I posted here they followed up with me on the phone and refunded me, saying it was "according to the terms" but that they were doing this super gracious favor. I don't recall my contract being 13 months!? Glad I got the refund though; updated from 1 star to 3 stars. If I get charged again in December, though, I'm reverting this review update.Meanwhile this is the review I posted on Facebook a year ago:Very affordable, nice clean place. I've been trained by other gyms before (on four different occasions) but a recent bout of career frustration, depression, and career track in software left me pretty far gone (obese and muscles pretty weak), and I know what I need to do, that's why I signed up, so I could put back into practice what I already know. I was extremely frustrated that I could not opt out of the introduction training. Besides the redundancy in head knowledge, the trainer pushed me way too hard for my first go in my current condition; I had every intention to ease back into lifestyle fitness, not overexert myself with muscle injury so severe I cannot stand nor walk 2 days later without screaming. I stopped my trainer two or three times after he had me overexert my legs. Even if extreme muscle injury is an ideal, not everyone who walks into a gym is mentally or logistically prepared to give fitness 100% priority. When asked, I said I am 60% committed. I meant it! I am between jobs and I embarrassed myself at a job interview yesterday as I waddled in with my knees locked. The pain was so excruciating as I left that I dropped my smartphone and it cracked. Smart Gym needs to learn to respect the limits and limited intentions of their customers! After I am restored I am looking forward to access to the gym, as I'm sure it must otherwise be a good gym. That said, I suddenly find myself way more interested in my home fitness routine.
1	I would give ZERO if I could. I opened a month to month account while I was visiting my parents over the Summer. I joined March 28, 2014. I went a few times and then something came up where I needed to leave back home with very minimal notice. I called and spoke with a representative who advised me I needed to come in person to cancel. I advised of my situation, that I needed to leave back to Northern California where I live and would not be able to get there to cancel. The representative told me he would let a manager know, and they would be able to get it taken care of for me due to the circumstances. I called in the next day once I was back in California as I did not receive a call back, I was again advised the manager was busy, but that it would be taken care of and someone would call me back. This was around June 26, 2014. I then kept being billed in July, August, and then again in September for the monthly fee of $20, I also was charged the $39 one time fee, which should not have been charged as I cancelled prior to the 30 days. Between June 26 and and August 30th I had attempted to reach someone with this company through phone and email with the same old response, a manager would call me back, and NO ONE EVER TO THIS DAY has called me back. I also tried calling the Corporate number, that is a joke, I get to leave a voice-mail and someone from corporate will call me back. Again never have I received a call back. I even emailed them through their contact request page on www.thesmartgyms.com multiple times again to NEVER get a response back. On August 30th I finally felt like I had no other options and opened a dispute with my bank. I was being billed for a service I had requested to be cancelled in June and it was going to be billed to me again in September even though I had attempted to contact this company a ridiculous amount of times an not one word back from them ever. My bank did it's investigation and credited me back for July, August, September and the $39 one time fee. I did not dispute my June payment as I was there and used it for those couple weeks. Still nothing from this company until last week on November 14th I get a call from their Collection Agency saying I owe them almost $400!!! I explained the whole thing to Troy with their collections, and I got the typical rude collection agent response. Too bad so sad, pay it or screw up your credit royally. Well I am a full time college student, and I don't have almost $400 just laying around to pay for services I have been trying to cancel for months! What else was I to do as a consumer who could NOT REACH ANYONE from this company?! I do not live there, I cannot go and wait for someone. After my call with the collection guy, I immediately called the gym again, this time I spoke with an Assistant Manager who I explained everything to and she advised me they would get it taken care of that day. Remove me from collections and straighten out the account, BUT a manager had to do this. She ensured me she would pass the information along and the Manager Jonnie N. would be responding, she even gave me his email. Again I waited and waited to never get a call back, I called in again and asked for Jonnie directly, he was busy, would call me back. The same old same old I had been hearing since June. I emailed Jonnie, to never get a response either, I called again and again and nothing and today the Collection Guy called again. What did he say when I advised that the manager was going to be taking care of this for me, he laughed and said no that wont happen. He can't do anything only corporate, and they won't change it either. So I called the gym again and was told the same thing that a Jonnie was busy and would call me back. Might I add I am calm for the most part, I might get cry emotional, but not angry so I don't see why I am so blatantly being ignored. I feel like I cannot get anywhere with this company. This company has the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER DEALT WITH! I worked in the customer service industry for years, and this is absolutely horrible what they are doing. I can see from some other reviews I am not the first person this has happened to, and those people live in state and went in to this business and still got nowhere. DO NOT GO HERE! Just based on principle alone this company should not be allowed to be in business if they are treating the customers this way. Not everyone is going to stay on with a gym, it doesn't mean they should continue to screw with those people and ruin their credit just because they had to or chose to cancel! It is sickening. After all that has been going on I had to write this review, as well as a formal complaint to the Better Business Bureau, the way this company has handled this entire situation is absolutely ridiculous.
5	At last!!! An amazingly friendly gym with an incredible selection of classes and a wonderful kids club that my children beg to go to!! The gals are energetic and patient and always bringing fun things to stimulate the kids. Classes with Jen are awesome! This is a place where everyone wins!!!
5	This is by far the best gym I have ever been a member of.  From the cost to the comfortable atmosphere, no one trying to impress one another, just people who want to be at the gym for fitness.  The staff goes above and beyond, in training, customer service and over-all member experience.  I have found the manager Jonnie to be very friendly and he goes out of his way to make sure members are happy and feel welcome.  They have the latest equipment, which is always clean and in perfect condition.   I like that the treadmills, and other cardio offer internet access as well as TV access.  I have referred several family members and friends and will continue to do so.
