3	The dude that greeted me on the day of my visit was a tad gruff...but hey it is all good.  The oil got changed with the required amount of up-selling for synthetic oil, and of course the mandatory air filter advisory...  : )  But at the end of the day, you can get your oil changed in a jiffy.  See what I did there?  In a jiffy...Cool eh?
4	Quick and easy - friendly service. Prices seemed reasonable and recommendations were not pushed too hard, which is exactly what I'm looking for.
1	Didn't put the cabin air filter back in and I drove away. Had to come backand everyone stood around pointing at everyone else trying to place blame. The price of an oil change was too expensive. Anything over $100.00 for a 4cylinder is just stupid.
1	This is one of the worst Jiffy Lube locations I have ever been to. They aren't very friendly, overpriced, and slow! I tried using a coupon but they would not take it because they said even though this is a Jiffy Lube they are a franchise and their franchise does not accept the coupon. They charge 41.99 for a regular oil change which is a total ripoff. Beware of this location! I have been to many other jiffy lubes that were a lot cheaper and accepted the coupons.
1	Poor service. Talk you into getting car vacuum, clean windows for extra. Car not vacuumed or windows cleaned. Shisters!  Don't go there.
1	I have a 2002 Infiniti with less then 80,000 miles. It has never leaked oil. I have been to many Jiffy lubes but this is the worst one ever. When I got my oil change and tire rotation last month they forgot to put the caps back on my wheels and when I returned for them literally blamed me for leaving without them. While I was waiting for my car 2 customers complained about 1. Bolt for oil during oil change was not screwed on tightand now his car was leaking oil 2. A husband of a female customer was mad because she was charged for a service not performed. I joked with my wife that I hoped they didn't mess up our car, well guess what? A few weeks after my oil change Isstopped by to get my fluids topped off since we are going on a trip Friday just to be safe and I noticed they added about a quart of oil and I said the car doesn't have any oil leaks and 2 weeks ago when I got the oil change they confirmed no oil leaks and the tech said well you must have one now. I explained this is my weekend car and I have be had it sitting in the garage since last oil change and not driven it at all and I don't see any oil in my garage.  I asked them if they could look under the car and see uf the bolt was loose because it never had any oil problems until they did my oil change and that was my first time going to there location. I was shocked at the Managers response "You are getting a free top off so I am not going to look under the car" so I will never go there again (for the record the Jiffy Lube on Tatum and bell or on Indian School and 20th Street do a great job) but I will go out of my way to tell everyone that I know about the bad experience I had at the Jiffy Lube in Surprise. Do NOT go to the Surprise  location. Corporate should secret shop them.
1	Very expensive. Unfriendly staff. Why can't you just sell me what I need. I should have known better when no other customers where there. Avoid this place there are many other affordable places to take your vehicle to.
1	The manager here is so rude, I have been in here once before and left because none of the employees have any amount of customer service.  My husband said to try it again so I came back today and the manager takes me back to tell me how much it's going to cost and of course all this extra stuff I "need."  When I explained I don't have $100 to spend he said "well I guess I will just put these dirty filters back in your car."  They didn't look that bad to me.  And he tried to tell me there was mold growing on my air filter, there was absolutely no mold on my air filter!
1	Rude manager. $45.00 for an oil change and no they don't vacuum, clean your windows, or anything else they promise. They are definitely kings of the unnecessary upsell though. Go to AAMCO, at least they will treat you right.
