4	The food was really good. I had chicken enchiladas de mole. They have Mexican coke!!! It's all authentic. Great place for lunch during the work day!!!
5	FINALLY...an AUTHENTIC taqueria in downtown Pittsburgh!!!! The food is absolutely out of this world delicious!! I honestly can not say enough about the quality of the menu. All fresh ingredients, made to order selections that made me feel like I was on vacation in Mexico. This quaint little place has atmosphere and yum rolled into one. Food is better than some I've had in Mexico. The owner, Bea is personable, friendly and kind. Everyone needs to experience the goodness!
3	Good stuff.  Appparently , they used to be in south side.  Good tacos and burritos.  Not a bad price.  Convenient for USX tower, as it's right across from wiener world.  (I can't bring myself to beat there...)The cooks speak no English.  So that's a good sign.
5	Had a great lunch here today.  Ordered the Carne Asada, Barbacoa and Carnitas tacos and everything was very fresh and delicious.  Glad to have this addition to the downtown lunch options.
4	I don't like fake wanna-be Mexican restaurants.  You know, like Taco Bell or Don Pablo's.  "Mexican Inspired" food.  Bleh! So one day, I really had a taste for Mexican food and I had heard about Bea Taco Town.  Very easy to walk to from my job and very reasonably priced.  I ordered several tacos, rice and beans for my first visit.  The cochinita pibil (slow-cooked pork in orange sauce) taco and the tinga de pollo (shredded chicken) taco were pretty tasty.  I also enjoyed the rice and beans.  They also provide you with a small serving of sauce to go with your meal which was also tasty and definitely had a kick to it.  (I thinks that it's their version of pico, but I have never seen liquidy pico de gallo before.)On another visit I had the Enchiladas Suizas with chicken and that was pretty tasty too.  I usually get my orders to go so that I can be as messy as I need to be when getting down with my lunch.  Once my co-workers smelled my food they asked me where I got my Mexican stash from.  I told them, "Bea Taco Town" and now we have several Bea Taco Town addicts in my office.The service is very fast and everything is extremely fresh and it taste much more authentic than other Downtown Pittsburgh Mexican or "Mexican Inspired" restaurants.  Muy sabroso!
5	I was so excited to find this little gem downtown. It is going into my lunch out rotation. I ordered a chorizo burrito as a test run and it was great! I brought it back to my desk and ate it in less than 5 minutes. I need to go back and savor it! There was a great variety of meats to choose from, my husband is partial to tongue. Try out Bea Taco Town, you won't be disappointed!
