5	Maximum kudos to this place, and to Shannon in particular. I just wandered in here while window shopping to ask questions after having gone in the LensCrafters store to ask the same questions. I decided I liked what I heard in here and I was especially impressed with Shannon so I made an appointment to come back the next afternoon for my exam. They had told me I might be able to get my new glasses within an hour possibly if they have my prescription in stock,or the next day, which amazed me. I've always had to wait 2 weeks for new glasses and I won't be here in AZ in two weeks. I wanted a current RX when I went in to renew my drivers license when I return to San Diego. My appointment the next afternoon went smoothly. The doctor was sort of a slightly gruffer version of Mr Rogers. I felt he was very thorough and examined my eyes for "floaters" and other maladies of maturing eyes. I was not surprised when he said I had a lot of them. I asked a lot of questions I had been formulating since my last exam and he answered them thoroughly. The assistant did the glaucoma exam and an area vision exam. All was fine with those. I ordered two pairs, one for distance only and one bifocals. I found two frames I really liked. They said the glasses would probably be ready the next day. The next day I received a call that they would only be able to have one of the two pairs I ordered, the distance pair. I was happy at least I would have those you wear on drive home. But by the time I got there  after 6pm they had both pairs ready! Happy me! I have to say, they went out of their way to have the correct lenses sent over from the Chandler location so I could pick up both at once. You can't ask for better service than that. Both were adjusted, and I received new cases to carry them in and  I walked out with better vision than I've had in years. I didn't like my previous pair of bifocals but I am extremely happy with these. Shannon really listened to my concerns about being able to do my crafting without getting a sore neck looking through the lower part. And I can see so well through the distance lenses I don't feel the need to change glasses to read a paper. Maybe I'll just time my next appointment in a couple of years to coincide with a trip to AZ! Oh, and pricewise, the exam was $71 including the $12 area vision test. The two pairs of glasses total were about $250,less than LensCrafters quoted me for one pair. I did upgrade to the poly-carbonate lenses on both pairs, transitional on one pair so they turn dark when I go outside (which I love!), and the price includes frames that were about $75 each. One frame was even those twistable, unbreakable ones that usually sell for $200-300 but was on sale.
4	It was Sunday morning and my son was headed off for last part of his summer vacation, but his glasses had come apart, a screw had falling out, so was in a mad dash to get them fixed.  Went to the place we originally got them at and they were closed and he was getting upset saying he needs his glasses to see! So I whipped out my handy Yelp app to look on what was nearby and found VisionWorks and saw that they were opened. Called them up to see if it was something they could fix, was told yes and to stop on by! So off we went.When we got there I was greeted by the one I spoke to on the phone, very friendly and polite, took a look at my sons glasses, told me yes we can fix them and to have a seat, so we did. Within a few minutes they were like new again! And they didn't charge me a thing!I appreciate friendly customer service, and am happy to stumble upon VisionWorks, told my son instead of going back to the other eye dr, we should come back here!
5	I was in a difficult situation. My mother had been in a car accident where she lost her glasses.The staff at her optometrist's office in Phoenix were not very helpful, in fact they were making things very difficult. I called Vision Works at Fiesta Mall and asked to talk to a manager as this was an unusual event. Courtney said it is not customary to dispense glasses without the person present, but under the circumstances they would do it.  When I walked in, I was helped by Danielle. She was so pleasant, patient and helpful.  And, I was able to get the glasses for my mother in less than 48 hours. A very pleasant experience.
2	I have been a long time customer of the Dobson/Baseline location. However, the last time I went in things had definately changed. The sales people were aggressive in trying to up sell extras AFTER we stated exactly what we wanted. They were also very unorganized and claimed that a pair of glasses we had been waiting 2 weeks for had come in and that they called us..."which they didn't" so the glasses sat there for almost 5 days, when I asked if they have a system in which they call people who have not come to pick up their glasses, in case they didn't get the message, the woman says to me " oh no, that would be impossible, we have too many customers" well, you just lost 3 because of your blatant laziness. Thanks a lot Vision works. Pfft.
1	Horrible all they want is your money They put in wrong prescription for my contacts Didn't tell me I had slight astigmatism in an eye and never called me to reschedule an appointment DONT GO HERE !
2	I have been calm and patient. I have gone up the corporate ladder step by step. I have gotten zero results on unwanted add ons sold to me by over aggressive salesperson. This company has probably ripped off hundreds of unsuspecting consumers hoping for an honest experience in purchasing eyewear. I agree with others. Be very, very careful. Better yet, Don't buy here.
1	If you are looking for a place where people do not know what they are doing, poor customer service, and long, slow moving lines then this is definitely the place.  Just sat there for a half hour, 5-6 employees are helping customers at desks and not one manages to finish, no one asks what I need or anything.  I ask how much longer it will be, and the answer, "a long time, I'm new".  OK, well I'm not hanging around for that.  Your time is probably better spent at a smaller eye care facility where people actually know what they are doing.
