4	diner style. New owner and chef making good food. Menu stays fresh(variations made monthly). Open Late. Worth a revisit.
5	Awesome, laid back eatery in the Mile End.Makes the old classics served with a twist. I had the roasted pork with the sweet potato pie for dessert a few weeks ago when I came here for dinner with a friend and it was just amazing. Home-style comfort food cooking at decent prices, everything is fresh as as can be. friendly service, lots of Mile End hipsters. Place doesn't look like much from the outside but once you're seated, the vibe totally changes. if I lived in this neighborhood, I'd be here all the time probably.
5	While I've reviewed Nouveau Palais in the past for Nightlife Magazine - http://bit.ly/oUpqnb, I recently returned to the neo-vintage resto, and as always, I only have good things to say about the food and the people. In the spirit of mixing things up and keeping it fresh, the special for the night was this sort of stringy mushroom, fried, accompanied by a killer sauce. For anyone with a sweet tooth, it looks like a summer treat at Nouveau Palais is a home-made ice cream sandwich exploding with black cherries. As per usual, the staff was super friendly, and they gave us a dining experience full of heart. And fear not, the stuffed fox is still keeping watch over all patrons.
5	Visiting Montreal last week and stumbled upon this hip diner in the Mile End. The staff, food and cocktails were fabulous.Jacques makes a mean martini and a great vodka pink lemonade. Went back several times and actually ran out of time to try everything we wanted to on the menu. Late night tacos, amazing weekend brunch, with seriously the best fluffiest scrambled eggs, it is simply  great food at reasonable prices and terrific atmosphere....wish I had a place like this in my neighborhood! My only regret is that I didn't try the burger!!
5	I think everything changed at Nouveau Palais when the new owners including chef Gita Seaton got involved. We recently sampled the ribs with blackened rice and the steak sandwich and everything was subtle, tasty and great. The cocktails here are excellent and Jacques makes fresh lists of killer unique drinks, usually just $6 for all the house's special concoctions.
5	Quite a nice find. Rocking an old school diner atmosphere, yet the food is anything but -- much better! I had a porkchop garnished with peaches (peaches!), and these amazing green beans. Would for sure go back.
5	Had the burger once before which was decidedly amazaing, so this time I decided to spice it up, and went for the special: start with a bowl of borscht, followed by a hot beef sandwich with hot peppers and salad on the side. The borscht exceeded expectations and the sandwich delicious. The hot peppers might have been a little much, I would recommend sweet peppers for anyone who gets the same sandwich.
5	A modest diner?  In appearance only.   The food manages to be both gourmet and accessible.   We were told that the matzoh ball soup was the chef's grandmother's recipe and indeed, it tasted homemade - meant in a most delish way.  Also loved the squash side dish.  And my fish.  AND, oh my, the pie!The five stars were also earned with great service and a wide selection of drinks - though I'm sure it wasn't just the Jameson's that made me love this place.  Now I just want them to move to Denver, where I live.Ok, ok, I'll stop now.
4	An instant favourite of mine, Nouveau Palais has become THE place I introduce my visiting friends to. From the burger to the spaetzle to the serving of cookies and milk for dessert, the food here never disappoints. The Palais is a definite local hangout, with great service, great drinks, and great music.
4	Those of you who grew up in the Mile End might remember the old Nouveau Palais as the 70's era vintage diner that served up greasy casse-croute level food in the middle of the night to soak up whatever moonshine you were fed at your favorite watering hole. It was a typical Greek establishment - blonde French career waitress, shitty wine that burned your cortex within 5 minutes, and greasy, tasty voluminous food (ie. hot chicken sandwiches, burgers, frozen strips of gyro heated up and thrown on a defrosted pita, etc). Nothing wrong with the place, and where else are you going to go when you're trashed at 3 AM and starving? As a bonus, they had jukeboxes built into the tables, so you could hear some obscure ACDC or Zeppelin song while you were at it.Well, it's been taken over and revamped, and it's not obvious from the outside (or inside) until you see the menu - which, mind you, is deceptively simple until you pay close attention. I had a fried chicken sandwich, which sounds very ordinary, but was extremely extraordinary- juicy as all hell, thick, searing hot, spiced perfectly, and dressed to kill with razor-thin cucumber slices (I think) and maybe roquette bits in there. I ate it so fast I'm not even sure. The Macaroni and cheese was light and airy, and the aubergine hoagie was sensational. Wow! Talk about a Trojan Horse! In reverse, cuz, you know, the Greeks left and it looks like it's now owned by some hipsters, but hipsters that fry up a MEAN piece of chicken. And I hear there's hangar steak and some other meaty bits on the dinner menu.The rest of the decor, which is completely unchanged from the old management, looks a bit tired and worn, but that may or may not be the point. The more I looked around, the more I realized this place was "ugly" cute, like a Boston Terrier. The service is laaaaid back but NOT lazy, just relaxed as if you're over at someone's house. It's so unpretentious, so cool, and so breezy, I'm going back for dinner next week.Big score for the Mile End, this place. Along with all these new spots in progress (Comptoir 21, Waverly Bar, Melina's Phyllo Bar, Rialto Restaurant, Zigoto reboot) things are looking up for old Parc Ave.
4	I never had the opportunity to go to the original Nouveau Palais but I absolutely love the revamped diner now under new ownership.  I've been frequenting this spot for almost a year now and really enjoy their delicious fare, especially their burger!  It's a mix and twist on classic diner food, often with unexpected menu additions.  It's also a go-to spot for coffee and a slice of incredible sweet potato pie, or for a late-night drink  and cheesy fries with friends.  You've got to try Jacques cocktails!
5	The Burger I had was extremely delicious. Staff is really friendly and the fries are nicely crisp and the total ambiance in this place is really nice and cozy! Great news? They've got a full bar so its an excellent place to hit for couples or for friends catching up. Must try folks! Enjoy :)
5	Since I wrote my first review, I went back FOUR TIMES in 3 weeks. This place is like heroin. I don't know what the hell is going there (mind control, drugs in the food) but I can't stop thinking about it and dragging everyone I know there. So far I've tried the Autumn Spazzle, burger, Hunter's Chicken, and flapjacks with caramelized bananas. Holy shit - amazing.
4	I like the way the hamburger comes in a bag.
5	So far, I've only had the chance to go for the NYE Prix Fixe as I'm out of the country, but goddamn is this place good. I know that a Prix Fixe can't speak to the overarching quality of a restaurant, but everything was perfectly done that night. From the seared scallop app to the trimmed BBQ duck entree, the food was glorious. The service was also attentive, and humorous. Definitely gotta check this place out again when I move back to MTL.
4	Great food, simple menu but all good items. Good beer, good location, friendly staff. Beef sandwich was excellent, meet was juicy and tender. Spinach dip was good, the chips they serve with it have that good combination of salty sweet.
4	Honesty over good sense here.  sigh.  I LOVE THIS JOINT!  I live in Outremont and this is my little escape when I want a solo breakfast or lunch.  The waffles are otherworldly.  It's the only time in my life I've ordered waffles and actually been thrilled with them.  The burgers are killer and the chicken (which came with my waffle...crazy but great) was so good I ordered more as take-out to nosh on while I watched NHL playoffs later in the night.  Why honesty over good sense you ask?  Because the more honest I am the more business goes to this little hideaway (I haven't told my neighbours yet)...and the more business they get, the harder it becomes for little ole me to get a seat.
5	Super cool place .. lots of fun.
4	This is a cool, trendy place without it even trying. All they did was leave the original decor and it has come back in kitsch style again.Food was delicious and sizable portions. I had a tasty eggplant parmesan which was moist and filled with flavor.I would recommend the ice cream sandwich for dessert. Vanilla ice cream with fresh strawberry's inside a yummy ice cream sandwich.
2	I really don't understand the hype about this place under the new management.  The food is really blah.  Really really blah.  Went for brunch once and it was just greasy and icky.  Love the original decor with all it's rustic charm, but the food was a non-starter.  And they don't serve poutine anymore!!!  Seriously, what is a diner without poutine?!?!  Don't waste your time.
4	Nouveau Palais is an old-timey diner with wood panels and cozy banquet tables. I felt very comfortable and immediately liked the vibe here. I hear their burger is the best but after spending the day walking in the Plateau on a very hot summer day, I wanted something a little lighter and so I chose their sandwich special of the day.  It was a pesto-tomato-potato chips on a onion bun; it had me at potato chips. Anything with potato chips is awesome. The sides were fries and cold slaw. The sandwich was really good and the ingredients were fresh. I came here on a quiet afternoon and had the place all too myself. I'd be interested to check out how this place is on week nights because it just seems like that kind of place.
5	This was the happiest meal I had in Montreal.  Quebec must have a different definition of hipster than the US, because this place was not hipster at all. The outside looks unpromising, and the inside is no better - it resembles a 1970's basement den, complete with taxidermy (hi, stuffed fox in back corner). But true hipsterdom requires that the ambiance be intentional and ironic. This was just a little lazy. Even the menu is understated, with only a few options, none of which are described in detail. At lunchtime, there were just 2 or 3 other tables occupied.I was eyeing the fried chicken sandwich and our very sweet waitress confirmed that it was her favorite, "depending on how indulgent you feel." Psh, I always feel indulgent. We also opted for a beef sandwich au jus with hot peppers.  Both came with a side of fries and slaw for $3 extra.First of all, even their homemade mayo is delicious - smooth and rich. The fries are the skinnier kind, which is odd to see in a big fat frites town.  Also, they give you two slaw options: NYC style (creamy) or MTL style (vinegary). Get the MTL. It has a faint Asian taste I can't identify. But it is so fresh and so good. The two versions are actually not too different in taste, but why not try something newish. Our food came after a brief wait. I don't remember the next 20 minutes clearly - I was sitting on a challah bread bun cloud, with juicy and crunchy fried chicken (boneless, dark meat, if you care) and cucumber slices all around me. Oh, it was also raining chipotle mayo. That's probably too descriptive. The sandwich was mindblowingly delicious. You may consider the fact that we walked 3 miles on empty stomachs to get here, but actually that probably made little difference. Fried chicken sandwich good. Get it.  The beef sandwich was a big thing sitting in a pool of lovely au jus. I had a yummy bite of it but mostly focused on my fried chicken. I'd intended to try the matzo ball soup but am glad I didn't. There just isn't the gastric real estate.If you're looking for any old diner, you have a glut of other options (see what I did there). If you want comforting, delicious food obviously prepared fresh with thought and playfulness, in a low-key neighborhood setting, come to Nouveau Palais. The kicker is that prices are SO reasonable. Also of note is that Nouveau Palais is a 5 minute walk from both famous Montreal bagel shops (St. Viateur and Fairmount). Think ahead. Wear your stretchy pants.
4	Get the lumberjack! You can do without the bloody cesar unless quality eggs are your thing. Grits are good too.
1	I went here because it had stellar yelp reviews as well as it was on Anthony bourdains show 'lay over' or something like that.It's late on Saturday night and we just wanted something simple, greasy and good.We called to do takeout, and we ordered the burger, calamari, side of Mac and cheese.Let me just say, it was horrible.Burger was decent, nothing special.  Was passable.Calamari was awful. It was marinated and served with spelt and orange. Not something u would expect to find on a 'diner' menu. It was overly sweet, chewy, and the portion was minuscule. It was 10 bucks and it was literally 4 forks worth of food.  That's probably for the best because it tasted like crap.Fries were soggy and overly salty. Granted I ordered take out so maybe they sogged on the way home, but FYI I live less than 5 mins drive away...Burger came with cole slaw too.  That was ok.  Just standard generic coleslaw. Something u would buy at the grocery store.Mac and cheese was shameful. Smallest portion ever. I'd say like 2 tablespoons worth in a little container. First of all, the pasta was very al dente, if u like that, then you're in luck. However there was almost no sauce on it!! The sauce was extremely not cheesey and clumpy and still tastes of raw flour. That's a disgrace. What kind of diner mucks up Mac and cheese??? A crappy one, that's who.I never write reviews but this was so bad that I had to stop all these fakers that are posting online from getting away with it.
1	So I had a terrible experience here and even though there are a lot of great posts I am going to letcha all know! Anyway, so I came in after a super long bike ride and really just wanted something delicious... I ordered the greek salad for take-out and brought my little paper bag down the street to my place. When I brought it out in my kitchen my roomies (two of which are servers) exclaimed, "what the eff is that?", "where did you get that?", "how much did you pay for that?" etc.... Needless to say, it was very underwhelming and when I brought it back (after much coaxing from the roomies) the server (owner?) was extremely rude. Honestly, this is the only time I've ever returned food... but there it is...
1	I am not going to say much, never paid so much for so little and my breakfast was tasteless to top it off On the other hand, The service was nice! Montreal offer tons of better options to eat that offers much more in terms of taste and quality and $$$$$ I don't think I'm ever going back..  this place was great before the new owner, you knew what to expect (greasy deliciousness ) and huge portions. Now it's like they trying to hard to be something different but end up being a deception.
2	Well, this is kind of unfortunate but I have to do it. I'm going to make it short and sweet (or sour -- you can decide.). Although the vibe is relaxed and Nouveau Palais is ultra casual, I wish they were less laissez-faire with their brunch menu. My boyfriend and I both agreed that our meals were way too salty and this isn't the first time we say this about the food here. It kinda made me wish I still smoked because I would of justified the excess salt but I couldn't this time because 1) We don't smoke and 2) I don't really salt much of my food anymore (ever heard of spices, NP?!) Anyway. I know a lot of people like this place, so maybe we got the chef on a bad day, but I don't like to make excuses for established restaurants - plus I had bad indigestion after I ate. I can always blame this on too much filtered coffee (I had 1.5 cups) but I am a regular coffee drinker so I am just going to be honest and say I was bummed by my experience. And I was disappointed the times I came before too. The end.
2	Very over-priced and the owner is a bit of a dick. Overall, definitely not worth it. The spaetzel is pretty good though.
1	Closed at 2am instead of its advertised 3am... We saw people inside and the waiters saw us, but ignored us. Change your closing time to 2am so people won't be trying to come at 2:15am to a closed establishment.
5	Perfect. Most menu items fall in the "comfort" category but make no mistake this is sophisticated  food. Everything is done with great care. You can tell a lot about a restaurant by the salads. Their salads are all done with great attention to details and ultra-fresh ingredients. Service extremely friendly.
1	Great expectations from this neighborhood diner and unfortunately left very disappointed. Went solo to experience their Valentine's Day Sausage Specials for my first visit and will NOT be returning anytime soon! Both price and service were unacceptable, as I tried their sausage "platter", not once but twice(!) just to make sure, and did not feel I got my money's value. For $15.95, a grilled sausage in a poppyseed bun with shoestring fries, hmmmm, over-priced did you say?? And asked for salad on the second platter and of course got fries once again. Shrugs from wait staff, apologies and maybe next time. As I said, not impressed. Place does get busy, standing room only by the time I left, the four bar seats surrounded by at least 10 folks waiting for seats. $50 total for 2 hot dogs, fries and a beer, all in. Done.....
4	VERY COOL...VERY GOOD! Faux wood paneling, a taxidermy deerhead mounted on the wall, gourmet coffee, a midnight menu and a DJ spinning Tones On Tail and Archers Of Loaf have in common? Its a bit confusing like a cross between Deep Ellum and Reno, NV. They're food truck is in an old Winnebago. Some of these things should be off-putting to me but it all works somehow, seemingly genuine and keeps me interested. There's a dynamic scene (more later)  I moved into the Mile End and found this place immediately (my patio was directly across the street). I thought I discovered a gold mine, a seemingly innocent dive bar that I could occupy after work, but then found out it was "trendy" ... don't write it off too quickly for that, there's substance as well as a scene and depending on the time of day or night you go you'll see families, down-and-outs and/or artists and "cool" people there but it never alienates you or others from joining in. There's a limited menu but one of my all-time favorite burgers (It's REALLY good), I've had a few of the other items and all have been good to great. It's not really a dining destination and not really a bar ...it's somewhere i between
4	Super mega throwback greasy spoon diner with amazing food. We got fried chicken sandwiches and mac and cheeses. The chicken in the sandwiches were perfectly cooked, juicy, tender inside, crispy outside, and flavorful. The mac and cheese was rich, but could  used a little more salt.
5	Nouveau Palais makes so much sense. I like to come here mainly for the relaxed vibe, the drinks and the good music. The menu doesn't reinvent the wheel but it does simple foods weirdly well. I once had mussels and shoestring fries that were perfectly fine. It's cozy and comfortable and always fun to people-watch on a Friday night: pretty young things on their way to a neighbourhood party, mingling with those old-time customers from when this place was still a greasy spoon that served poutine. Ah Mile End.
4	One of the best burgers in town, so good and they don't overcook them. Salads are very fresh too as someone else mentioned. All desserts too are homemade and worth trying.
5	I was in the area and saw the good rating on Yelp, so I stopped by for a bite.  Apparently they don't do tacos anymore, but they do a damn good burger and fries! Man Montreal fries just can't miss can they? Didn't even need the cheese or bacon on the burger it was so tasty on its own!
3	A great little diner with not-so-conventional diner fare. Great Burgers! And also good for drinks!Nouveau Palais used to be a veritable greasy spoon, but then the current owners bought it and actually put some thought into the menu. Now they have a  much more limited menu that includes some of the best burgers in Montreal, some pretty damn solid mac & cheese, and a few other things worth trying.There are also nightly specials which are always fun to try if you get tired of the menu.
2	Overpriced place. I dont know were to start..  the staff look nice at first but are not really, when you ask them about their german or swedish dishes they get rude and impatient?? it takes ALOT of time for the food to be ready, plan to be there at least for 1h30mins!! anyways the food is okay but 18$ for a burger not really worth it. second time a ordered a "pizza" wich was 6" x 3" tomatoes and cheese for 21$? expected way more than a regular pizza! and dont expect proper customer service at all
3	the burger was very good but the fried chicken isn't very tasty. The place is very kitsch, also a hipster nest , but the service was good and fast.
2	I'm really not sure what the hype is about this place. I went with a friend on a saturday night expecting good burgers or tacos, but they had an Indian theme that night. The appetizers were pretty bland, as were the main plates. I asked for some spicy sauce and the waitress looked offended, but it was the only thing that could help. Booths are also a bit tight.
