3	This place is a fun sports bar with average pizza and bar food.  They serve you huge portions and the prices are ok.  The calzones come served with french fries, and I'll be honest and tell you that I think that's disguisting and just wrong.  I do like their Southwest Eggrolls.  Great place to go for a game.
4	I give the place 2 stars(wings are good...pass on everything else) for their food and two bonus stars  for being the best place in town to watch a Phila Eagles game!  E-A-G-L-E-S!!
2	Don't let the "artsy" name fool you.  Picasso's is a rather large hole in the wall.  Reviews on other sites describe it as an upscale joint and that may be true of the other locations.  But the one on East Boulevard is a grimy, smoky sports bar.  The food is mediocre but its saving grace are the tv's a-plenty so you can watch your game in public and up-close with all your homies.  The bartenders are super friendly and will turn the channel over to any game you want to view.The best thing about it is it's open pretty late most nights.  But the last time I went (and pretty much my final attempt to give them the benefit of the doubt) they were out of Jack Daniels and the next best option since I drink mostly scotch and bourbon was J&B or Johnny Walker.  Hence only two stars.  When Jack is back I'll give 'em 3, yo!  If they pick up a single malt I'll give 'em 4.  If they file Chapter 7, I'll give 'em 5.
2	This place is OK, but it was involved in one of the worst dates of my life.  The food is alright --what you'd expect from a bar-- and the service was pretty decent.  TVs line the walls everywhere, so you have plenty to watch and should never hurt for a view.  My fellow females will be glad to know the restrooms were better-than-expected for a joint like this.The parking, however -- make sure you park somewhere where you will not get TOWED.  I had never been to Picasso's before --and haven't been since-- so I parked where my date did, across the street in the parking lot where all the little stores were closed for the night.  After an extra-inning baseball game was over, my date walked me to my car and BOOM:  his truck had already been towed and we walked around the corner to Big Fat Tow Truck Man securing the straps on my little VW, about to haul her away.  They got into a huge argument, blah, blah, blah -- the dude released my car in exchange for all the money I had in my purse.   Then, of course, I took my date home...I'll spare you the rest of the story.  Word to the wise: BE CAREFUL where you park when you visit Picasso's.
3	Typical sports bar, kind of a dark interior, which is actually a bit creepy on those times when the bar is relatively empty.Walking to the bathroom, you feel as if you are in one of those ridiculous teen-slasher movies that begins with someone's car breaking down in the middle of nowhere.The place really come alive during college football and basketball season however, and a nice touch is having mini-tvs at the booths along the front window. It's a great place to gather with a group of friends and fellow fans and yell at the TVs.The service has also been pretty good during my visits.I can't speak to the food, as I may have had a slice of pizza here but usually just have a few beers.I can attest to the parking debacle, however. A number of my friends have been towed from adjacent parking lots while visiting Picasso's.Definitely make sure you are parking in a no-tow zone, especially if you are going inside to drink for a while.
3	I'm giving it three stars, only because like Lindsey said, there are so many other places like this place.  However, I met some cool people here on Labor Day weekend.  We were celebrating my friends b-day, and I ran into a guy named Black.  I asked him how he felt about a white dude singing Gin and Juice and he said that music transcends race, no doubt.  Nonetheless, I was a little nervous about performing in front of such a huge crowd.  He said he would join me, and we ripped it on the mics.  It was my first time doing the whole karaoke thing, and I loved it.  The crowd is very friendly and supportive here, and I would do it again.  Not to mention some of the acts were outright hilarious.
3	While Picasso's won't thoroughly impress you with its food and/or atmosphere, it's the official Tar Heel sports bar so I'm a fan during gamedays.Entering the place, there is no natural sunlight & the place is very dimly lit. So once you spend a decent bit of time in here, if it's still daylight when you leave, prepare to shield your eyes. Other than that, the place is just like any normal sports bar you'd walk into. There's a pretty lengthy bar on one side, with a seating area on the other, and the place is filled with plenty of tvs. They drop the big projection during big games & the place gets pretty lively if the Tar Heels are on during bball season.The food isn't anything special, just your typical bar food that will keep you satisfied while downing your booze. The wings aren't all that bad, but nothing special.If you're looking for a good place to watch a big game, & don't want the hustle & bustle of downtown, then Picasso's isn't such a bad choice. You can catch the game or games on numerous tvs, there isn't a bad seat in the house, & you'll be satisfied with the booze & food prices. But remember to shield your eyes from the blinding sun when you leave.
3	Picasso's is dark, dingy and smoky. But I generally forgive all these faults when I'm in the mood for some chicken wings. The wings are pretty good and come in a bunch of different varieties. It's a sports bar all the way - some of the booths even have their own TVs. If the atmosphere's got you down, call ahead and order some wings. They're the perfect food for a football watch party at your house.
3	I was at Picasso's last night and left with the same impression I always leave with: I had an OK time. To be honest, it's a pretty bare-bones type of Sports Bar: endless tables, pitchers of beers, TVs (though they're high-quality and plentiful), some OK food, and a large, almost impenetrable bar. But really, what more do you need from a place where you're just going to grab a drink and watch a game?It was packed last night with Clemson fans, and usually there's a very strong contingent of ACC folk, which means that Saturdays in the fall are particularly bumping. Sundays are good too if you're looking to catch your out-of-market NFL team. One thing I hate: tons of cigarette smoke, which I think is gross. If you're a smoker, you're pleased; I'm grossed out.
4	I met some friends at Picasso's one evening.  I've always passed by Picasso's in Dilworth driving down East Blvd and thought it looked kind of dingy from the outside.  I was surprised when I entered that it didn't feel the same inside.  It had that fun sports bar feel to it, without feeling too college-y.  That's good, considering I haven't been in college for awhile.  We had a fun time standing around in the bar area (they have counters to put your drinks and food on).  We drank some cheap beer, ate some good spicy chicken fingers, and -- bonus! -- played trivia, competing with other teams in the restaurant.   The only downside?  I ended up with a really bad hangover the next day and had to stay home from work.  I guess I'm really not back in college...
2	It's a dark, open space to watch your favorite sports team. There are a lot of tvs and a very large screen at the front/back of the bar. I mean, come on, it's a sports bar, not too classy, nor too trendy. Typical bar food, but skip the nachos (the chips were stale). The night I was there, it wasn't overly crowded, but for some reason the server was slow.Ladies, take a friend in the bathroom with you to watch the door. One of the stalls does not lock. All, careful on not moving too much on the chairs. They are one wobble away from breaking underneath you. Overall experience, not too bad, not too memorable. I'm sure the company you go with make the experience fun...but this bar does not. It's just your average sports bar.
4	There's something to be said for a good neighborhood bar where you feel welcome, the beer is cold and the food is consistently good.The pizza is one of my favorites in town and the wings can compete with anyone's.  Cancel your date with Jenny Craig this evening and go have a pizza, wings and a bucket of beer.  While you are at it, order the deep fried mushrooms.  They are awesome with the horseradish dip.My only gripe is they don't deliver.
3	Ok, so when I saw on their website that they have the best wings in Charlotte, I was a bit skeptical. I've been in this city four yrs now and haven't found a place with wings they have been over mediocre so I had to try when I went there.I love the selection of their menu. Bar food is one of my favorite things in the world (however my butt doesn't dig it too much) and they have a rockin selection. They had a nice variety of games on and I can' wait to check it out during football season and enjoying one of their many brews on tap. The bartender took her time, wasn't the most personable and didnt bring the right dressing but ok well, we all have our days. In the past I haven't had the best service either so that's why I am giving it a 3 instead of a 4.Now for the wings-wow. They were actually great. They were sloppy, messy and smelled amazing so I had a hunch they would be tasty and they didn't disappoint. I had the Hot BBQ which was hot enough that it made me reach for my beer yet not gulping it down (which we like). I would definitely go back for the wings or to try some other bar food of theirs. I am a hole in the wall fan and this was a big hole in the wall so I dug it.Oh yeah, all draft pints are $2.50 on Fridays!
3	This is a great place to watch a game and eat some wings!!Ive been a bunch of times throughout football season and not and the wings are always good!! They always have great drink specials too!! My only problem is the rest of the food is just not all that great! So in my opinion come in and grab wings (a lot of different flavors) sit at the bar and drink!!
4	If you are a Redskins fan, there's no better place in Charlotte to catch the game. Almost all the tv's are turned to the skins game, the fans are in the proper attire - it's awesome!!  As a lifelong fan, it's great to watch the game with my fellow brethern....and the food is good too. Parking is lousy so do what I do and park at Harris Teeter and walk over.  Did I mention this place is the home for Redskins fans?
5	Great sports bar with good food and good service.  I've been to Picassos probably 10 times in the past year and have always had a good experience.  If we have guests in town and they're sports fans, Picassos is a great place to take them.  My favorite food - Buffalo Chicken Roll with medium garlic buffalo sauce.  Delicious.  I've had a few other dishes and everything has been great - keeping in mind it's bar food.  I'd 100% recommend the bar to any sports fans.
5	I was here on Thursday night and the place was pretty dead, which was actually kind of nice.  There were some guys in the back playing Texas Hold'em and all of the basketball games were on.We ordered a basket of the fried mushrooms with ranch and horseradish sauce.  I have to say these are some of the best if not the best fried mushrooms I've ever had...seriously!!!  They were actual whole mushrooms with stems and they looked like they had been freshly battered and fried.  If they were previously frozen then they had me fooled.  The frozen ones are usually the little button shrooms and they are too neat looking to be homemade if you know what I mean.  They also have one of the really nice new widescreen touch screen games on the bar that has all the favorites like photo hunt, etc which is always a blast to play!  Also, the Miller Lites were $1.50The only thing I've ever eaten in here are the shrooms and as of right now they get 5 stars on those alone!
4	The sweet tea was the bomb....   the cheese bread was enough for a meal itself and great.    Onion rings were great also.  Overall very good bar food and big serving
