2	Wow! I'm the first one to review this place. This place gets a 2 star out of 5. Lets talk about the food first. It's pretty good and tasteful. There is a bit of a wait to get your order though. The pizza is always good and the crust is excellent. The boneless buffalo wings are very good too, with a few different choices for the sauce. As for the salad bar, that could use alot of attention (not the cleanest or greatest).As for the building itself. The staff could take some pride in making sure that it's cleaned properly. I was there with my family last Sunday 01/29/2012 and they had at least 4 tables that needed cleaning. They all had dirty dishes and it just didn't look like the staff even cared. If they can take care of that issue, this place would be a nice place to eat at.
2	First time coming here.... lets just say I won't be back. When my sister and I walked in, there was atleast half the tables still full of plates and trash. and my concern is the place didnt look busy at all. they had two tables of people sitting and eating. The food was great and all. but even the service wasnt up to par. the waitress stopped by our table once and that was to drop off the check. I had to flag her down to even fill up our cups which were empty for atleast 15 minutes. the manager of this place needs to stop by here and see how their business is being run. either they don't have enough people working to cover or the employees don't care. I'd be more than happy to drive the extra 10 minutes to another Pizza Hut to eat. is wont waste the time or money to eat here again.
3	Staff is usually pretty rude, pizza is usually not fully covered with cheese, if you call in an order advertised on tv or the internet they will not cater to it unless you order off of the internet( when they had the $5.55 pizzas the manager refused to give it to me I ordered it online and nothing was said when I arrived besides here is your pizza). Its good pizza if that is what youre in the mood for nothing different than any other pizza hut. Unlike the other two reviews I have yet to see this place dirty.
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Ah, happiness is a new Buffet to try!  So Scott W. joined me to give this Pizza Hut a whirl today & here's how it went:THE BEST...*  The dining room is nice, with comfortable booth seating.*  This location is set up like my old haunt, Pizza Hut Buffet in Mission HIlls (L.A.) CA.  That is to say that it has a REAL Salad Bar with sufficient goodies to add to the lettuce for your salad, plus some sides.*  The pizza selection was good, with six out at a time, each made half & half with varied toppings.  There were also choices of thin & thicker crusts.*  There were also garlic breadsticks with sauce as well as Cinnamon flavored dessert sticks.= = = = = =THE REST...Although this Pizza Hut Buffet is one of the best in the Valley, beating the ones in Mesa & at 48th St. & Broadway, there were some issues here:*  The stacks of clean plates were allowed to run out and I had to chase down the manager to get one.*  I was happy to see Cottage Cheese, but it was blah tasting with a hint of sour!*  There were two varieties of pasta:  Fusilli Marinara and Chicken Alfredo.  The serving trays for them were very small & other customers kept grabbing all of the Alfredo before I could run over there and get some.  (It must have been good!)     :-O *  The pizza wasn't very good!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)  This wasn't about the individual varieties, temperature or anything.  ALL of them were just blah & nowhere near as good as the pizza at Peter Piper is since they improved it there a while back.  LIttle Caesar's and even Pizza Patron ($3.99 for a Large!!) are doing better than these guys too, so Pizza Hut Corporate needs to get on the stick & improve their pizzas!For now it's a low 3 Stars overall for this Pizza Hut Buffet, it's $6.50, & it's back to Peter Piper next time!     :-)
3	Met Rand out here for the buffet lunch.  The place was 3/4 full when we got there about 11:30.  Started with a basic salad of greens with some add ins and choice of about 6 dressings.  Then a couple of pizza trips with some pasta and bread sticks.  The pizza was ok, but not great.  The pasta was kept in small tins in a warmer and the pizza was under heat lamps.  Nothing stayed out for long so they have a pretty good handle on how much to have out at any one time.  Plates were another story, they ran completely out for a short time.  I had noticed the server running around asking if people were done with their plates as we got there so I would guess they don't have enough.  It has started thinning out by the time we left an hour later so they apparently have an early crowd for lunch in the area.
3	Delivery was delivered on time when requested. Delivery man was friendly. Food on the other hand was far from statisfying. Have had better food in the past. Disappointed this time
5	Im very surprised with the low reviews and that is why I've finally decided to write a review. I've been coming to this Pizza Hut for years and I've had a great experience every single time. I haven't tried the lunch buffet its always for dinner. I love that you can sit down and enjoy a restaurant type atmosphere at a pizza place without the games and annoying singing characters. The staff has always been friendly and I've never seen it messy even on a busy night. The pizza is typical pizza hut pizza its tasty but obviously its not brick oven caliber. The salad bar is what keeps me and my family coming back. The salad always seems fresh with a variety of toppings and dressings you just can't beat it.
5	To my knowledge, this is one of the last Pizza huts with a lunch buffet. Friendly staff, had a great time.
