5	I have to say I had a groupon for a Brazilian wax. In October of this year kris was great very professional and she is a perfectionist I was very happy with the waxing so I got another groupon and she was great the second time too I had no ingrown hairs this time and eight weeks of growth was not a lot of hair. Kris is really wonderful and I'm happy to now call myself a regular even if I don't have a groupon I will be waxed by kris. If you go to her google map this place like I did it's in a strip mall it has a smiths there and the salon is in the corner of it. She is very busy usually booked solid so make sure you are early or on time. Thanks kris you are the best
5	I bought a Groupon a few months ago and was nervous for my first Brazilian wax. Kris is wonderful and she's now the only person I trust to wax anything! She always makes time to get me in without a long wait for an appointment. I'll be back there in three weeks :)
5	Honestly, I can't say enough about Kris. She is constantly learning about the latest products and techniques for skin  care, all  while keeping her prices reasonable. She has vastly improved my son's acne to the point where it is almost gone, and my skin has never looked so good. My face is much tighter and my fine lines have softened at least 75%. Don't waste your time or money with anyone else. She always goes the extra mile and you won't be disappointed!! Thank you Kris for taking such good care of my family!
5	Kris has done more to improve my skin in 6 months than any dermatologist has done in over 10 years! When I visited her the first time, I was on 2 different oral medications and two creams for acne! Since being treated by Kris, I am down to only one cream and no antibiotics! I went to see her yesterday and had one huge cystic pimple on my chin that was very painful and the kind that would normal linger for weeks! She worked her magic and when I woke up today the pimple was 90% gone! I currently get microdermabrasion treatments but she makes sure to extract all black heads and uses products specific to current problems! I also just started getting my Brazilian wax done by her! I would previously dread getting waxed but Kris does it in such a way that there is barely any pain at all, no in grown hairs and over all a comfortable situation! Her prices are very very reasonable, she is super knowledgeable and appears to keep up on all new skin care trends/education. Her space is clean and comfortable and she sells all kinds of good products including makeup! As long as she's in town, I will never go to anyone else for my skin or waxing! Thanks for being great Kris!
5	Kris is the nicest most professional waxer I have ever been to! I recently moved to phoenix Arizona but I come home once a month to have kris wax me! I have never had any difficulties and she is so quick I'm never there for more than 10-15 !!! She makes the experience so comfortable for me! I won't go any place else for my waxes!
5	Just had an appt this am with Kris and she is wonderful, just like the reviews. She makes the appt very welcoming and very good at braz wax and explained hair growth, etc..., she knows her stuff. Did a 3 for $50 Groupon, well worth it and already scheduled my next 3 appts with her, since she books up fast. Highly recommend her, you will not be disappointed.
5	Kris is amazing!!!!!!! I purchased a Groupon for a Brazilian wax, and I will now be a permanent client. Kris is very friendly, works quickly, uses high quality wax and does an amazing job with little pain. 3 weeks later and the hair has barely grown back! Not only that her brazilians are $35! Are you kidding me?! Go to Exotica, you'll be glad you did.
5	Kris is absolutely wonderful!  Most painless Brazilian I have ever gotten and I even forgot to take Advil beforehand!  She was great to talk to and also has a special when you buy Brazillians in bulk.  I will never let another waxer near me as long as I am in Las Vegas.
5	Oh my God, she is awesome. That's all I can say. I was struggling with terrible acne since I came here in Vegas because of the climate changes so I decided to get some help.She is so fun and does a great job. Needless to say, she is very professional and definitely knows what she is doing.Over all I'm very satisfied with my results, and I'am thankful for her caring and skillful service. She is the best.
