4	I responded to the Fulton Ranch mailer they sent out and came in as a new customer. The front desk staff was friendly & personable, and I was introduced to my massage therapist shortly after I arrived. I was very pleased with Ali's Swedish massage. Although I waited 5 minutes for her to enter after I was undressed and under the sheet, I think the made up for the time and I still got the full hour. She was very thorough by asking me lots of questions prior to our massage to find out exactly what I needed. The massage itself was incredible, and her touch was neither too soft or too deep. She also gave me a full scalp massage, which I am not accustomed to after going to other massage locations.When I left she presented me with 3 specials to entice me to come again, and , I probably will.Good job guys - surprised I am your first Yelp review in 2 years!
5	Have been looking for a new salon for over a year now and got referred here. I had stylist Shannon who I was thoroughly impressed with. She took her time asking questions about what I wanted, and you could tell was very detailed while coloring and cutting my hair. I was really happy with my results! I even got 25% off my first visit, and they gave me a book with coupons in it for future visits. I also received 20% off the products I purchased as well. Definitely will be back to see Shannon!
5	I'd been in Arizona for a year and hadn't done a thing with my hair !!  I browsed online the various salons in the area and finally decided on Madison Avenue on Alma School Road in Chandler.  I walked in and the front desk staff was friendly and professional and didn't look at me with disgust (since I had just been to the gym and looked like a total ragamuffin...clothes, hair and all !).  The salon is clean and well laid out.Vanessa Granillo highlighted, cut and styled my hair to perfection !!  I was incredibly pleased with her professionalism and skill !!  She'll be seeing me again !!!
5	I have been coming here about 2 years now and I see Amanda every time. She is awesome and always versatile when I get a wild hair to try something new.  Prices are comparable for hair.  I can't speak to the other services they offer here but it's a relaxed and comfortable salon.  Happy repeat customer.
5	I had used Madison Spa before in the Ahwatukee area to do my hair. My stylist who had done my hair for 6 years was out of town and this was why I decided to try Madison out. I left this location angry because the girl who did my hair cut my hair (that was long and down my back) up to my shoulders. I left angry and upset. Reminder: this was at the other location. The girl who did my hair for 6 years now is having a baby and I needed my hair done again. I decided to give Madison a try again. Only a different location. This is when I found Vanessa. Vanessa did an awesome job of highlighting and dying my hair. She even gave me some tips on how to help style my little ones hair, since both my kids have curly hair and I don't. I highly recommend her and she is the reason I will go back to Madison to do my hair.
1	Let me start off by saying this girl is very sweet, but she's in the wrong profession. Omg!!!! Why is it so hard to find a good mani pedi in this city!!!! So, I showed up for my pedicure and specifically told her over and over how important my cuticle and overgrown nails are a problem for me... Yeah she took about 1 minute on each foot. (So fricking annoying) then she started putting on salt scrub and didn't rub it in. Wtf????? I've never been here before, I have no idea if this girl is new but she is horrible!!!!! And this is just the pedicure. I am so dredging my manicure. Save your money and don't come here. I'm ready to straight up walk out and finish the mani pedi myself. Because a homeless person could do this better. Aaahhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No!!!! Dear god pls no!!! She just told me she's doing my manicure too. I seriously want to cryOkay. The manicure. Long story short I ended up filing my own nails (in front of her) and then they charged me wrong!!! Pass this place
4	Despite the front desk girl booking my appointment on the wrong day (I walked in and was told to come back in a few hours but when I returned she had booked me the next day by accident) I found the salon inviting. Pam did a great job highlighting my hair and felt she really listened to what I wanted. I also liked my haircut and was given some coupons for my next appointment. Prices were not outrageous compared to some other places. My only complaint is when I originally called to rebook, after I was booked in the wrong day, I was put on hold twice and no one ever came back to help me. When I called a third time a woman apologized and was very accommodating. There seems to be a common issue with who ever is working the front desk. Other than that, it's a good location, clean and inviting.
