5	Fantastic food!  Best pizza in Mesa.  Very fresh high quality taste.  We ordered a pizza with tomato and basil on it and everything from crust to sause to toppings and cheese were wonderful.  Server recommended a lemon cake type desert, I can't remember what it was called, but we all thought it was the best desert we've ever had.  Very light and delicate.  Service is very friendly but can be a bit awkward at times, but I found it endearing and think it is because they are so focused on the food.  We will be back often.
3	I'm not sure how to began, being another NE mesa restaurant i did not have high expectations we were greeted by a  elderly fellow seamed rather new yorkish . he had a strange way about him kind of disinterested told us about a few specials one with mussels and clams ..me being  a ex seattleite i asked him where the seafood was from he looked at me like i was some sort of wise guy ...said he did not know and quickly finished telling the specials in a disinterested manner.Im not sure if this guy is a relative or owner or what .we decided on the pizza we wanted we asked of we could have Canadian bacon instead of peperoni this confused the guy after a 2 minute go around he finally got it. we also ordered 2 house salads which were very good .....fresh,  when our pizza arrived we were pleasantly surprised it was maybe one of the better pizzas i have had since moving to the valley of the stunned. our wait dude also seemed to have lightened up and the places business seemed to be booming. dinner was good enough ( and I'm a picky sob)we got a togo menu there was also a very nice lady who was definatley  in charge that checked with us 3 or so times to make sure all was good.    3 1/2 stars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   we will return
4	I don't know what Brendan M. was talking about. Maybe he's never seen grated parmesan before... ;)I brought my 4 and 7 year-old daughters for an early dinner. Wonderful waiter. Very experienced. I love linguini with clams/white sauce, I've had it many times at many great restaurants over the years, so I tried theirs. It was delicious and I was surprised from the bite of the crushed red peppers; if you don't like a little heat, order without, it will taste superb either way. There must have been at least 12 clams surrounding the linguini. Perfect sauce; just enough clam juice, white wine, butter, etc. Didn't taste any garlic. My daughters split the lasagna. These are ALL homemade dishes and it's a family restaurant. The atmosphere was pleasant. They have a decent wine list, though I didn't order off of it. We took 1/2 the lasagna home for Daddy and he loved it, too. The lasagna is slightly sweet, and the layers of pasta, meat and sauce are terrific. I am picky and I was impressed with this place. We will be back soon. Thanks.
4	The service is a little slow.  They're finding their rhythm and it's obvious some of the servers are new to this location.  Having said that their pizza is outstanding.  Easily the equal if not better than Grimaldis.  Everything was made fresh, the mozzarella, the sauce the dough and it showed.  The owner was very warm and obviously took pride in his establishment.  It may be a little rough at first but the place was packed last night and I didn't hear a single complaint.Their deserts were out of this world.  I highly recommend the lemon-cello and the cannoli.
5	Finally!!!!! Awesome Italian food in North East Mesa. I had the lasagna and cheese pizza. The sauce had so much flavor and the pizza was a perfect crust. You can taste the freshness in every bite. Highly recommend.
4	Went in for lunch today.  The restaurant is cute and the pizza was very good.  the wine list looked comprehensive and the serve Stella Artois!  What can I say!  I love cold beer and Pizza!
4	We visited this restaurant a few times now. Our first time was with friends who told us about it as they live nearby (we live in Gilbert). We had a couple bottles of wine and all had entrees. They have several 'homemade' pastas daily in addition to the regular pasta meals. My husband had the homemade Fusilli which has red sauce, peppers, mushrooms and ground up Italian sausage. The noodles are smooth and not spiral like typical fusilli but man it was so good you don't care! It was delicious!! I had the pasta in a vodka sauce with shrimp. The shrimp were HUGE and perfectly cooked. The pasta was al dente and the sauce was rich and tasty. They serve a wonderfully soft italian bread with butter and parm w/seasonings over the top which is really good!! We really liked the place so returned to try the pizza. The wood fired oven really makes a great pie! It is definitely in the top pizzas here in the Valley which says a lot from an east coast gal! Their brushetta, which is like a pizza without sauce or cheese just the brushetta toppings, on a small pizza dough crust is really good as well. Lots of fresh garlic which we just LOVE! My husband continually gets the fusilli each time we go as he just loves it...that's his staple dish. I like to try new things. I tried the shrimp scampi the last time I was there and it was SO good..the sauce is different than I've had before...so good you wanted to just eat more bread dipped in the sauce until it was gone. Our friends had the seafood (mussels, shrimp etc) dish and said it was very good and also the pesto alfredo which I tried and have to say it was as amazing! They are supposed to be introducing a larger bar menu in October (other than beer and wine which they had previously) with some specialty drinks so I'll be looking forward to another visit soon to try one out!! Oh and we had the lemon dessert and my daughter had the spumoni...both were delish! The lemon cake was simply terrific!!
4	Service was poor but it seemed like only one girl working the whole floor so maybe just overwhelmed.  Homemade pasta was outstanding!!  Food is pricy for sure.  Meal for seven was about $240 after tip (only 2 glasses of wine, the rest had water).  We will go back but never again with a party that large.
4	Yummm-E! Just heard about Il Forno being in the hood. I LOVE Italian, so hubby and I gave it a try. The place was busy but didn't have to wait for a table. Waitress brought fresh warm bread to the table that was slathered in garlic and olive oil, to hold us over while we waited for our pizza. Hubby ordered a house salad, and received a VERY generous portion (so we shared).  I gotta tell ya, the pizza was the best I've had in Arizona!  Seriously!  I had to hold back from eating the whole thing. The crust was perfect and toppings were fresh with sausage, and I understand mozzarella, made in-house. The sauce was just right for me!  So good!  I look forward to going back and trying some of their pasta dishes. Oh happy day!
4	A little gem in NE Mesa.  Fresh ingredients, including fresh mozzarella (you rarely find a place that uses fresh Mozzarella).  Service was top notch.  We went on a Friday night with a large party and we were seated in less than 10 minutes with warm bread with olive oil and balsamic arrived before we could settle in.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
5	Excellent place, great food and good service. One of those hidden gems! We recently discovered it, and we keep coming back. Guarantee not to disappoint!!!
5	What a surprise!!  The food here is wonderful.  I gave them five stars in spite of the fact that they are Steelers fans.  Yes, it's that good!
5	I'm giving the food 5-stars. Outstanding. I had the home made stuffed pasta and a cannoli for desert. Delicious. Only small nit pick is that the restaurant decor is lacking. Bit of a cross between chinese buffet and italian bistro. But food makes it worth it!
1	WOW!  I am very, very surprised to read all the positive reviews for this place.  We had sticker shock when reading the menu, which looked like it was printed from a home computer.  A spaghetti and meatball dinner is 13 dollars WITHOUT a dinner salad!  Other pasta based entree's were around $15-19.  Not filet mignon or a lobster tail, just pasta, ALSO WITHOUT a dinner salad.  The caesar salad we ordered was HORRIBLE.  Can you say VINEGAR dressing???  We ordered a pizza that ended up tasting like a frozen pizza you buy from the store.  The wine glasses were tiny and the wine was cheap.  I changed my glass of wine for something at least drinkable.  The couple next to us had the same problems, and experience.  When the owner came out to their table argued with them and didn't offer a discount on their meal.  I'm sure they will never be dining there again, as we will not either.  SAD, because it would have been nice to have a quaint place to eat just down the road from us.
4	Another mom and pop that you want to be something to rave about but it only meets you half way. That half was the food, I wish I could have just tipped the chef! Everything was delicious, a little steep in the price but it was delicious. The service was horrible. It took 10 minutes for our drinks. At this point the staff out numbered the patrons so there was no reason for that. Then all the bad service attributes- didn't come to check if we were doing okay or if we needed anything. Our salad didn't have dressing on it, and we ended up just getting a to-go box for it because by the time she acknowledged us again we completed the rest of the meal. My suggestion, go eat there and maybe it will be different, or order to go!
5	This restaurant has been around for over a year now- which is about 9 months longer than I ever would have originally guessed (only because its Mesa were talking here)...and it's because of the food. Basically, it is ridiculously good. On a whim, my wife and two young sons decided we would try this restaurant because we've been hearing some things. We sat down and received quick service, amazing dinner bread, and a smiley server. We ordered calamari and found out that their dipping sauce is incredible. We then ordered a half n half pizza and I ordered their salmon salad. GOOD LORD that salmon was perfect and cooked just right and hot as molten lava over a plate of fresh greens and tasty balsamic. I'm talking about a salad here! (Oh, and their pizza rivals ANYTHING in Manhattan or that Grimaldi garbage.) Then, we ordered their cheesecake for desert. This was my least favorite part, only because I'm not a fan of strawberries and "froufrou" on top of my cheesecake. But it was still killer. My wife loved it. My kids hoovered it up. Basically, this place is DAMN GOOD.
4	My wife and I just came back from Il Forno. The service was great and the food better. The portions were very large and we did not realize we could split the portions for a $4.00 charge. Very reasonableWe will definiely be back
5	Just had the best pizza I've had in along time.  We had the special and ate every bite even after eating all of the fresh bake bread and salad we were served.  It is so nice to have a great place to get good pizza!
3	Food rates a better than 3 stars but the service does not.  White wine was not cold...she brought me a glass of ice!
5	I thought the place was going to be okay when we decided to give it a try.  But they definitely exceeded our expectations to the point where we went back about a week later.  The food and service were great both times we went there.  The pizza in particular is excellent!
5	Did carry out and everything was great. Fantastic pizza and pasta. Lobster ravioli was a pleasant suprise with fresh, delicious sauce. Kids liked pizza as well as adults. Pizza ranks up there with Bianco's. Great to find this place in Mesa.
4	This was the best Italian food we have had in the valley. The raviolis were perfect. The bruschetta was very fresh and tasted amazing. The wood fired pizza had the perfect burn on the crust to give it a wonderful taste and texture. Atmosphere was nice and staff was very attentive. Prices were reasonable. We will definitely be back!
1	Seriously, the worst food experience ever. Easily the worst pizza in 30 yrs of eating pizza. Zero taste. No cheese, sauce, or pepperoni. Crust had zero taste as well. Chinese buffet pizza is much better. Pizza 0/10. Calamari was at least somewhat edible. Maybe 4/10.  Also, would not honor $10 yelp discount, which I could not care less. They stated it was not posted by them. Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.
4	I can't believe how easy it was to get a table if six on a Saturday night! Our waitress was polite, helpful and met our every need. Not to be negative but I didn't expect this in Arizona. After living here six years, I was surprised to have a delicious Italian meal in the Wild West. Bravo to the owners! I had some spicy shrimp fettuccine and it was pretty good. My daughter had the salmon which was a bit overcooked but as a nine year old she didn't notice. My other two had lasagna and spaghetti and meatballs and everybody was happy.
1	This place was not very good at all. Maybe it was the fact that the oven was broken on 11/15/2013, a little detail the server neglected to tell us until after our drinks arrived. So we couldn't order from half the menu. Dishes run $16-$22, which I thought was a little pricey, especially considering we didn't get anything with our entrees; no bread, no soup, no salad.  The lobster ravioli was just okay. There was some lobster, but mostly just a mix of some seafood/krab salad  made with mayonnaise stuck in a ravioli shell covered with some orange sauce. I was expecting much more. Didn't come close to the Lobster ravioli at macaroni grill. The Mediterranean pizza was a little better, included all the right elements, but just lacked any sort of spark to set it apart. And we both got heartburn after dinner, not sure if that was from pseudo seafood or garlic on the pizza. The bill for two people was around $60, not including the tip. The servers seemed understaffed, there wasn't any bussers to clean tables, so servers had to do it all. We wanted to support small business, but I felt like I got ripped off for what we paid. The competition from Red White and Brew is going to be tough to beat if this business expects to stay in business with the poor menu selection and bland flavors that we experienced. We won't be returning.
5	Wonderfully delicious!  I've been wanting to try this place since they opened, but in looking at their menu online, they seemed a bit pricey which had me nervous we would pay quite a bit for a mediocre meal based on some of the reviews.  With today being Small Business Saturday, we took advantage of the AmEx promotion and the fact that they participate in the Southwest Rewards Dining program, and gave it a shot.  We went for lunch at 3PM (yes, I'm weird - I eat lunch at 3 on most days!).I am so glad we did!  Neither my husband nor I are huge eaters at one sitting, so we agreed beforehand that we'd split an entree there and order a pizza to go for dinner tonight (yes, I need a break from turkey - it's back to turkey soup tomorrow!).  It took us forever to agree on an entree, but our server Patty was super patient and friendly. She promptly brought us drinks and yummy bread - okay it's the fault of the bread and balsamic/olive oil (and all the delicious aromas in the air!)  that it took me forever to decide as I couldn't concentrate on the menu!We finally agreed on lobster ravioli as our entree and the salami picante pizza with added olives and jalapenos as our dinner to go.  Our entree came out in about 10 minutes and my first thought was yikes - we're splitting this little bit of food?  Then, we tore into the deliciousness!  Perfection - good chunks of lobster and the vodka cream sauce was amazing.  We were stuffed!Then Patty brought out our pizza to go and showed it to us to make sure it was correct - we both started drooling on the spot, but give us credit please - we did make it the 1/2 mile home and inside the front door before we agreed that we each needed "just a bite" to try it hot and fresh - it tasted even better than it looked and smelled, if such a thing is possible.We've been home a few hours now - alternating between napping off all that deliciousness and having "just another bite" of pizza heaven... now I need to figure out what's for dinner!Glad we finally made it into Il Forno!  Patty was very friendly and efficient and the food was ahhhhhmazing!  We shall be back!  (And we also got their take out and delivery menu - delivery is $1/mile which is a bargain!)Only negative - would have been nice to enjoy the patio today and eat outside (and escape all those mouthwatering aromas that had my stomach growling as soon as we walked in!) but that option was not available.  I'm guessing after reading more reviews before posting this that it was some of the negative ones that caused them to do away with that option - boo-hiss!Adding ~ looked at the survey questions before posting and regarding dress code - we went in mid-day after local shopping and were casual - jeans/sweater/boots for me and shorts/tee/sneakers for my husband.  I felt comfortable, but probably would want to dress up a little nicer in the evening - so I answered "not sure" for that one.
4	I love Pizza, but I try to stay away for dietary reasons. I went here last week with my daughter and mom, and was pleasantly surprised. Thin crust New York style pizza at a good price. The menu is kind of simple, but that's the way these places are nowadays. Friendly staff and clean simple surroundings.
5	We treat are self to a pizza from here ever few weeks we always get the same one with anchovies mozzarella ham although they offer it with peperoni  and tomatoes it is delicious the crust is firm not soggy and the delivery people are courteous
5	Excellent homemade food! My husband and i are having lunch here right now for our first time and the food is so good couldn't wait to review them. So here I am eating my ravioli's and starter bread and typing. The staff is very friendly as well. We just bought a house out here at mountain bridge (having it built) this will be our restaurant of choice here! Glad we found them
5	Best calamari I've ever had! Full calamari cut perfectly served with an amazing marinara. Their pizza is fantastic and made with fresh cheese. I always ask for extra marinara and I use it at home with spaghetti.  I can't find a place that can beat their Italian food so I drive 30 minutes from Tempe every time I want real pizza and calamari.
3	Ok people get it together either you deliver or you don't as my previous reviews state the pizzas are one of the best in the east valley but god dang it every time I want a delivery there not delivering this night for some reason or that night for another reason ..... Either you deliver or you don't
1	Tried to use their 10 off offer and they said the current owner doesn't  do yelp anymore.   Not a good way to start off.
4	I have been looking for a " realy good" Italian restaurant in the Phoenix area for 6 years...Today we found it in Mesa. Visiting the Emilia Romanga area of Italy in 2012 and experiencing "real" hand made pasta makes me not settle for less.  Do try this restaurant.  Their parpadella with shrimp is a combination of delicate flavors and tender pasta that made me want to swoon.  None of that glommy alfredo sauce but a tender blend of herbs in a light cream sauce.   Very Very good.  Can not wait to go back.  We have a friend wanting Veal Parm, its on the menu, we called him to try it out.  I am sure it will be awesome.  We were there early, 4pm on a Saturday so getting in was no problem-therefore  the noise level was very low.  The staff is also very friendly.  Being a bread snob, their's was too "wonder bread texture" for me. I would have rather had  a hearty artesian crisp crust, dense interior to dip into the olive oil.  But that won't keep me from a repeat visit.  So glad we tried it.
5	OMG. We found a tiny gem in east mesa with the most amazing food and service. Found a $10 off coupon on Yelp that apparently was from the previous owners but they totally honored it. Good public relations. You have got to try this place it is amazing.
2	The food was ok (had bruschetta and the limoncello cake) however, their hours state that they are open until 9 but they close the kitchen at 8 and started putting chairs up at 7:30. One couple walked in thinking they could order dinner and had to leave. Pretty poor business practice for a restaurant. If you want to close earlier, change your hours.
1	This place says it's open till 9pm, the waitress started by telling us all the things that were unavailable on the menu. We got here at 7:45 and ordered bruschetta to start,the waitress said the kitchen was closing so she would "see if they could make it", she said yes, but they would have to cut everything up from scratch. Um okay. They started putting up the chairs around us, it's now 8:20 mind you they close at 9, another couple came in and were told the kitchen was closed that the only thing they could have was pizza. Bad business, making your customers walk out and rushing the ones that were there.
5	I have been here for lunches and dinner. Never a disappoint. The pasta is delicious. The pizza is tasty and filling. The sandwiches are wonderful. Ask the staff for their recommendations. They are always helpful and friendly.  A favorite Italian restaurant.
4	Tasty, friendly neighborhood spot, yet a little odd. The decor doesn't know quite what it wants to be: sports bar showing NHL and FIFA on flat-screens , or Italian Ristorante playing a classic soundtrack by Sinatra overhead. The menu is sparse, but flavorful. They make their own mozzarella for their pizzas and have a delicious fire-baked crust. The Lasagne was sweet and meaty. The service is friendly and helpful. The prices are reasonable for the freshness of the ingredients and quality, but you'll pay almost double the cost of a meal at the Chili's in the same strip. It's worth it to support a local business trying to get off the ground.
1	First I'd just like to mention that they do not accept the check-in offer any more. Apparently, this offer was from the previous owner. They really need to remove this offer from yelp because it is quite deceiving. Now on to the food; we ordered a large pizza, 1/2 pepperoni/sausage & 1/2 chicken/mushroom. The crust was crispy on some pieces & soggy on others. The sauce was a bit bland, it really could use some flavor. The chicken also didn't taste that great. My husband said the pepperoni/sausage was just meh. Overall we didn't really enjoy the pizza. It was pricey & the quality was not that great. So if I were you i'd skip this place and go somewhere else.
5	Must try this restaurant - by far the Best Italian food in Mesa - nice to have quaint little place to escape where the food is delicious!!
1	This place was good but is has really gone down hill. Food is not consistent. Over cooked salmon. The menus don't represent what is served. They say they are served with spinach and potatoes but the salmon showed up with pasta. One time we showed up at 8:40 on a Saturday night and they were closing, not one customer in the place. They say they are open until ten. We should have known then. My daughter got sick on the next visit. Skip this place.
4	Pretty good pizza and salad   plus if you want some desert Dunkin Donuts is next door :)
5	I'll Forno is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to eat. The wood-fired pizza is just perfect. I love the thin, crispy crust with just a hint of wood char. You can tell the ingredients are fresh and high quality.The chef came out to greet us and it's clear he has a passion for the food. I love finding a hidden place where the food is better than most other free-standing restaurants. I've had the pizza, the pastas, and the lobster ravioli was awesome!
3	Nice place, great service, sauce was really good! Had the pesto fetuccinni,  no complaints, was really good. Other plate was the chicken parm. The sauce was awesome!!! However the chicken was way over cooked and over sauced. It was rubbery.  This was unfortunate since everything else was awesome.
5	The service was casually formal which was a nice change from too much attention.  The wood fired pizza was crunchy around the edges and had GREAT Italian seasoning even on the Hawaiian.  The Fruitti DE Mare was delicious with a white wine sauce. None of seafood was overcooked as is so common lately. Will go back again and see what other great dishes they have!
1	Terrible quality food. Prices are not competitive, neither is what's included in a meal. $15 bucks will get you a simple, subpar, disappointing bowl of pasta served on a dirty table with some tasteless bread. Worst $37 spent in a long time.
