4	Very fast preparation. Ordered the sandwich and it was ready by the time I made it down the counter. Regular subs are $4.25 for about 6". Loved the crushed ice in the soda machine. Right on the end of Tempe Marketplace next to D'Arcy McGee. The bread didn't blow my skirt up; a little stiffer than subway, but fresh.I ordered the #5: Vito. Basic Italian sub. Good choice. Few seating options might be the drawback. Room for 10; otherwise it's carry out
4	Plus:-Yummy sandwich! I got the #5 Vito. Your typical Italian (but also my fave!).-FREAKISHLY fast preparation. -Crushed ice in the soda fountain.-CHERRY COKE in the soda fountain!-Inexpensive.-Did I mention it was super duper fast?However... Minus:-Can't get pickles on your sandwich. They can sell you a whole one, though.-The bread is just okay. Not my fav. Prefer Subway or Togo's.-Pretty small menu. If you're looking for something 'different', don't go here.-For the size of the sandwiches, they have a GAZILLION calories. Not a good place to go if you're dieting unless you don't plan on eating much else that day. Skip the chips!
4	As many of my friends know, I love Sandwiches.....especially Jimmy Johns.  I stopped by this location and ordered a #9 Italian Club (Genoa Salami, Italian Capicola, Smoked Ham, Provolone Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Mayo, Italian Vinaigrette, $5.25) and added Hot Peppers, Vinegar Potato Chips ($1.39), and Soda ($.99).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IRpZS7EmmBeSM7oBnDd5iw?select=8nTOvKrKJYePvqOUklYa0Qhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/IRpZS7EmmBeSM7oBnDd5iw?select=1BQbD18J_MjO5NVKs53BuQOf course the Sandwich was made within 2 minutes of ordering....I don't know how they can make a Sandwich so fast, but they do!The Sandwich was excellent.....the Bread rocked of course and the Hot Peppers makes it so much better.While I was there, I looked at the menu and the JJ Gargantuan Sandwich piqued my interest....I will try that next time.Return Factor - 100%
4	Their delivery quickness is almost mutant-like. You order and BAM, they're here in 10 minutes. Ridiculous! Their sandwiches are pretty good too. Nothing amazing, but for a $4 Slim with mustard/mayo packets on the side and I don't have to move my ass from my seat all in 10 minutes flat? That sandwich suddenly tastes like a million bucks. Or like $8. Whatever.
5	Yesterday, I ordered the Gargantuan from JJ's.  Let me tell you, it was fantastic.First of all, they have a delivery requirement of one sandwich.  That's it!  It's much more reasonable than many of the pizza places, that require you to spend $10 (or sometimes $20!) to be elegible for delivery.I work out of a business right around ASU, and yesterday there was a man who was handing out samples.  I was so impressed with what I found, I figured that I should go ahead and order one.  It was a great choice.First of all, they are fast... As they call it, "Freaky Fast".  They were here within 15 minutes of my order.  Talk about timely service!Second, they made my sandwich perfectly.  The Gargantuan has tons of meat, lettuce, tomato, and special dressing to make it taste incredible.  The reason that this review gets 5 stars is because of the delivery man.  When he delivered my sandwich, I paid with a $20, and he did not have change.  He told me that he would return and give me the change.  I was a little reluctant to give him a $20, but I went ahead and did so.  10 minutes later, he was back, asking for me.  He handed me back my change, without missing a single cent.  Very good sandwich, fantastic service, and great prices.
4	I have been eating sandwiches at this place almost three days a week. I normally just get a the number #12 which is the turkey sandwich with lettuce, tomatoes, provolone cheese, guacamole, mayo, and I have them add hot peppers. This place prepares the sandwiches SUPER fast and it is completed within 15 seconds after paying. if you are in a hurry and want a decent sandwich this is your stop!
5	Love it! Best veggie sub EVAR! The staff is super friendly, always singing along to the music playing, and enjoying themselves.  They always make my sandwich the way I ask. Everything tastes fresh and delish!My one complaint - delivery.  We live LITERALLY 1 1/2 miles south, basically in a straight line, from the store.  They will not delivery to Scottsdale. Totally lame.
2	We just stopped here as Slices no longer exits at TMP :(For JUST cold meat sandwiches...they are over priced. Short variety and more than $3 for some salame, cheese in average white bread.....no thank you.
4	I love a good sub, and since I was here today, I stopped into Jimmy John's to grab some lunch after a hard day of shopping, slacking off, sleeping and overall counter productivity.I went with the #2 big john, and it was tasty as always.  Service was great, food is awesome.  The only downside to this place is that the inside is really not set up for dining in.  It's painfully small, with one tiny side counter that you can stand at to eat.  There is seating outside, but if the weather is uncooperative, you are seriously out of luck.  (like in July when its 115, or if it's raining, you'd kind of be hosed.)Because of the seating here, I would say plan on taking it out.  I mean, if the weather is nice, and you can find a place to sit, (which normally is easy to do) then you are in luck. If it's hot, or extremely crowded, then you would be stuck walking around Tempe Market place looking for place to sit down.Will be back in the future, as its always nice to have something different every now and then. Prices are fair, service is great, and its a great place to grab a quick bite.
2	Stopped in for a quick bite on our way to the movies.Food was decent, but extremely overpriced.  Most likely due to the Tempe Marketplace location.The customer service was rough!  After dealing with the people behind the counter, I was reminded that having a customer service based conversation with a teenager can be as pleasant as a kick in the teeth.I don't see a return visit in my future.
4	I never eat in the establishment, but they have great, fast delivery.  The subs are worth my time to eat!
5	Delicious! Great sandwiches and you can buy their "day old bread" to make you own sandwich at home. The really do have "freaky fast service".  Really reasonable prices on their sandwiches. Add hot peppers to any sub for an extra kick!
4	I'll try to keep this short enough so that you can read my review in the time it takes them to make a sandwich...Super friendly (expect every employee to greet you when you enter)Super fast (so fast you'll freak, as they say).  In fact I parked behind one of the delivery vehicles and my first thought was that I was able to be attacked when I heard this dude sprinting from the store to his truck.Super yummy - I get the vegetarian sandwich, no cucumber.  It has a nice zesty avocado spread.PS. Minus one star as the Phoenix-area locations don't serve any of their sandwiches with sprouts (contrary to the menu).
2	The only jimmy johns I have ever been to that refused to let me order a "side" of peppers. Explaining to a high school teen how to wrap up the peppers with the sandwich, without putting it on the sandwich, was impossible. I love jimmy johns but I may go to other locations. The food was great, but customer service needs to go beyond just saying a "hello" at the door.
4	No more sprouts for the veggie subs, no substitutions or extra veggies in place of sprouts.  :o( Still yummy and fast.
5	Jimmy John's is the best.  The bread is always super fresh and chewy. The have super fast service and delivery. And I mean SUPER fast.  My sandwich was ready before I was done ordering.  Definitely go there.
5	Havent ran into a bad Jimmy Johns yet!!! Love love love it!
4	Only place ill ever order white bread. Bomb fresh.
3	Perfect location right next to the movie theater in tempe marketplace. i always grab a small sub to sneak into the movie. Mostly i go with the plan slim's which is basically just bread & meat some have cheese and my only complaint is they won't add anything like mayo, mustard to it. you have to get the packets of mustard or may. But i make do and just do turkey w mayo. The slims are cheap around $2-3 and are enough to fill me up. They are quick and can make one in about 30 seconds you're in and out the door.
4	LOVE the and sandwiches here. They're also fresh tasting. Never greasy. Only thing that irritates me, I used to work on Ash and Rio Salado and they would deliver, I now work a half mile further (1.7 miles from the closet location) and for whatever reason they don't deliver here... Seriously? You guys would make dough if you delivered to this office plaza!? Guess I'll have to eat crappy cafeteria food again...
4	I moved back to Phoenix less than a year ago, and in the 5 years I was gone Jimmy John's seemed to sprout up everywhere. I never tried it when I came back to visit, and when I moved back it took me awhile to finally stop in one. Well, I've now been to this location a few times and I like it. Honestly, when I first stopped in I wasn't all that impressed. Not by the taste of the subs themselves, but I didn't realize the menu here is pretty limited. There really isn't all that much to choose from. The toppings are pretty limited, and they ONLY have provolone cheese & white bread. That being said if you're gonna have limited options do it well, and Jimmy John's does. I would normally never order a sandwich on a white bread roll, but the ones here always taste soft & fresh. The sandwiches are also cheap, and the service is fast (like, REALLY fast). I'm not kidding when I say your order is ready almost immediately after you finish giving it.
5	Last week I visited this location for the first time and I was very pleased with my experience. Extremely fast service; I was in and out in about 5 minutes. The staff were very friendly. As usual for JJ, the sandwiches were delicious! I will absolutely go back to this location when I am in the area.
1	No. No no no. NO NO. NO. NO.I love JJ's sandwiches. I'll give the god forsaken sandwiches 4 stars if I could. I've been to every JJ's in town, they are spread on the Phoenix map like the plague after all.The service at JJ's is the worst thing I have ever seen next to Mcdonalds. For a sandwich place that pays their employees better than minimum wage, this is the most disappointing service and I am NEVER let down by it. I go in to JJ expecting the worst kind of service, and I receive exactly that. This location is one of the worst.I've been here maybe 4-5 times, I love the sandwiches but I just absolutely dread going into this location if it wasn't for the convenience. Scratch that, I actually hate all JJ's. This is a long overdue rant. On New years, after I got off work I decided to get a sandwich. The workers were too tired or something? To even notice me or get off the table to take my order. When they did, he looked annoyed, tired, and looked like he was hating his life. Look son, I just got off from an 8hour shift too. It's almost 11pm and I just want a good sandwich and good service, is that too much to ask? I ask the worker if he could leave the bread in, and he takes the bread that he had in his hand (with the bread out) and tosses it with the most hateful expression I could imagine and grabs a new one. Sorry I don't want some bread sitting out with the bread off of it. He throws the sandwich together and I sit in the dining area to eat, the workers look even MORE equally annoyed because it probably is in their company policy that they are not allowed to sit while a customer is eating in the restaurant. I ask for napkins, he looks at me like I have inconvenienced him. I ask for a cup of water, he looks like I just asked him to climb mt. Everest for him. THIS WASN'T SOME REGULAR EMPLOYEE. This looked like some kind of lead, the manager, or SOMEONE important. Screw this. Two months later, I decided to go back because it's just simply a convenient place. Again, I love the sandwiches, it's just the service that sucks. I ask for the vito, and before I even finish saying it, the girl starts making it. I understand that you guys are FAST but let me finish saying "extra---" before you start grabbing the bread and slathering mayo all over it. Before I even finished the transaction, the girl gives me the sandwich. I didn't even have time to tell her add extra oil. not even extra cheese. I couldn't just open up the sandwich and tell her to pour oil all over it on the counter. What the hell. A month later, I come back. Maybe it'll be a better experience this time, I think to my self. It's not. I grab my waterbottle and I put it under the drink refill machine to get some ice and water. The worker immediately YELLS at me to STOP. I jump in surprise, and I look at him with confusion. This guy doesn't even tell me to stop refilling nicely, he just yells at me with the rudest language like I just stole his grandmother's money. He tells me that it's unsanitary and that I'm not allowed to refill my drink with my waterbottle here. Look guy, I work as a cook. I understand sanitary regulations and this is the first place I have ever heard of this. I UNDERSTAND for waterbottles that are extra elongated with small mouth openings that t will make a mess and it probably is unsanitary, but my water bottle was A LARGE OPENING SMALL CAMELBACK waterbottle that fit the refill machine PERFECTLY, and was a tiny 16oz thing that took up maybe half the space as a large JJ's cup. If I were drinking out of the stupid machine with my mouth and salivating all over it, you could yell at me all you want. If I was using the machine to take a bird bath in the store, you can also yell at me, that's fine. HOWEVER, even if what I'm doing is against the rules (there was no sign or anything), it gives you NO right to yell at a customer who paid over $20 for a sandwich. If he used polite language, then I would understand. If he approached me saying "Ma'am, you can't use this with the waterbottle" I would understand. Not, "STOP, YOU CAN'T DO THAT". Like I'm some 5 year old deaf child. Screw this.I have tons more stories from other JJ's as well.This review is catered to this store specifically, but other JJ''s services are not worth it. I wouldn't touch the store service with a 10ft pole. I don't know how they get away with making such wonderful sandwiches and having such TERRIBLE service.
4	My experience is very limited.The three times I went the sandwiches were vety good from a standpoint of ingrediants, bread and preparation. The place was clean and good service. The employees are enthusiastic!
1	Shouldn't take 15 minutes to get a sub here when no one else is in line at the store. Employees were unfamiliar with how to make the sandwiches.
