5	The staff here has always been 100% friendly to me and my dog Brody :-)The prices are fair for most items and so far what I haven't been able to find in the store I've found on their website. The store is always upkept so there are no weird smells or messes anywhere. I love taking Brody for joy rides to Petsmart and letting him walk around the store and picking what treats he wants me to buy for him and meeting new dogs. I have never had any complaints with Petsmart and will always come here.Thanks guys for making our experience as wonderful as your store is!
4	Wow, can you say customer service.  Everytime I come here they are asking me if they can help and offering great cost effective solutions instead of just offering a pricey solution.  The place is super clean and offer many services.  I am a fan now for sure, and this location is so close to home.  Good think because we just got a new pup.
4	Alex (1 year old yellow lab)  LOVES Petsmart Doggie Day Camp and Boarding!  We've sent him there for a day, while the carpets were being cleaned, as well as several days while we were out of town.   The staff is good with him and seem to enjoy his boundless energy.  They are thorough with their check-in procedures, asking about special needs, meds, etc. and have a comprehensive list for both check-in and out.  He gets to play with other dogs, can have private playtime, has clean housing, can be groomed and many more options are available.  He likes the interaction with other dogs and with different people and he really enjoys himself there.  The staff also builds a nice report with him.  He doesn't hesitate to go with them and was even hesitant to leave the first time we came to pick him up.Petsmart is his special place for training, food, toys and overnight stays.  Petsmart is a good fit for our baby boy!
5	love the helpful staff
4	Ok
1	The Animal Hospital is a Scam!  Signed up for the Puppy Plan.  Paid for plan up front.  1 year later I noticed money coming out of my account.  I called them to ask what was going on.  They told me it was like a Gym membership and it auto renews.Don't go there!
