4	I've been here twice, once for dinner midway through exam season and another time after exams.Whether you enjoy it or not really depends on how busy it is at the time you go. The first time we went, there were very few people and all the sashimi and maki were always available to take. I mark this as a vast improvement over the order-style of old, which always results in less salmon sashimi than we ordered... as we can go get as much as we want, whenever we want without waiting for others to finish first. On a not-busy night, the sashimi platters are artistically laid out as you would expect from most sushi places.Now the buffet format obviously hits a snag whenever the place is busy. This means that there is constantly no sashimi, sushi nor maki to get whenever you go up - the buffet platters are constantly empty and there is nothing to eat! If there's no salmon sashimi, well it's hard to justify the $19.99 weekday dinner price. I've posted a picture of the sashimi/maki area nearly completely empty from my second trip there, it was very very disappointing. There were line-ups around the sushi area each time a popular platter was put out (eg. salmon sashimi) and it would be gone within seconds. During this time, all the salmon sashimi is placed on the plate as quickly as possible with no consideration to platter design (eg. groups of 3 pieces of salmon sashimi)There are a number of new cheap foods offered, the usual deep fried 'Westernized Chinese' type of foods. Some of the other notable items include oysters baked with cheese (they're a bit tough), a chocolate fountain and an expanded dessert section. Unfortunately, the buffet format also means that most food is not as fresh as it could to be... so if you're hungering for kalbi beef (beef rib) then I suggest you hit Sushi 99 down the street.Note that in an unusual departure from most Asian restaurants, tea costs additional money. In summary:-If Ye's Buffet is busy, go to Sushi 99 down the street or else it will look like: http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/yes-buffet-waterloo?select=FCZLSynlHXxhsNxYgiVIwQ#TBDLuKVOlSY0uGsYcomV8A-Else, pig out guilt-free on your favourite sashimi/sushi/maki
4	I really enjoyed it.  Think of it as a better version of the mandarin..Tastier food, better quality food, better atmosphere and a hell lot cleaner! Good work.
2	I was a happy regular at the OLD Ye's which was "fill out the form" style.  The new Ye's buffet is very frustrating.  For a sushi lover this is a disaster.  It's very common to go to the sushi counter and find virtually nothing.  The other counters offer food which is being "warmed" under heat lamps - could be 5 minutes old, or five hours old - no way to tell.  The FRESHNESS of the OLD Ye's more than made up for the occasional delay in getting orders to the table.  Dining out today offers many places that offer high quality FRESH PREPARE FOOD at reasonable prices.  The new Y'es is offering "warmed" food, and a very inconsistent sushi table.  I will never go back - and I can't understand for the life of me why the Ye's ownership killed such a good thing - the OLD Ye's was always busy, and me and my family always commented on the happy enjoyable ambiance when they had the "fill out the form" service.
5	Another format change!Dinner: Now they have crab legs!For sashimi and sushi, you now order at your table and they bring it to you, just like at other AYCE sushi places. If you want 30 salmon sashimi, you can get it and not have to guiltily hawk the salmon sashimi platter when they put it out once every 15 minutes. Good things!You can also order all rolls for your table. I've only bothered to order sashimi to our table, as most of the rolls are available at the buffet. Since sushi/sashimi are the only things that are ordered (compared to the non-buffet AYCE formats where all things are ordered), the sushi/sashimi does come fast.The take-out menus that have been mailed around to all residences with all the other flyers includes a 15% off dine-in buffet coupon. I found out the hard way that they shut down the sushi bar at 9:15pm-ish, even though they're advertised to be open until 10pm.
5	This Japanese buffet is much better than the other one I regularly visited in the town. They offered snow crag legs and different varieties of fish. Most of the food items are delicious and are given in generous amount. It requires a bit walking distance from Conestoga Mall; so perhaps some people without a car might find it inconvenient to reach. But it's worth a try.I'll visit it next time if I want to have a Japanese buffet.
2	I used to enjoy this place a lot, but it all went down hill after the renovations.If you are going to go here, definitely DO NOT GO here when it's slow  / empty.  The food gets cold, the sushi doesn't taste very good, and it's just awful. The service is good though.My friend went here on a Friday evening, and said that the sushi was good.I think it depends on how busy the night is.I won't be returning anymore, sadly.
1	Bullshit restaurant.Management rude as shit. Seriously, who accuses customers of lying to their face and then talks shit in mandarin in front of your face as if I can't understand.A bunch of cunts run this establishment.
3	Ye's is a good ayce buffet/sushi restaurant. But I've gone there a few times and went to have the buffet food and it wasn't even warm let alone hot. It clearly had been sitting for a while. Also, it takes the waitresses forever to come to the table. I was going to go there yesterday for dinner but they are closed because they are renovating. Which I don't understand why because it was a fairly new restaurant. Anyways, hopefully the food is warmer when get open!
3	It's not a buffet anymore.... Won't be going to this place anymore... :( it wasn't busy when we went there. I hope they change it back to a buffet. Luthier buffet consists of different salads, soup, pizza, chicken wings (REALLY GOOD), fries/onion rings and desserts (some of which aren't good at all).
1	Never again. Went from amazing sushi and Chinese buffet, to subpar yucky food. Servers now have to work twice as hard so they're not happy. Ordering is done by iPads with hardly a description. Such a disappointment. Consider a different sushi place before this one.
