4	We just added our 3rd pug, a puppy to our family.  This is our 4th dog.  We had been taking our "pack" to another vet, but lately had not been happy.  Found BFAH when driving to our local market and gave them a call.  Needed to take the puppy for 2nd shots, initial exam and fecal exam.  When I phoned, staff was very helpful and knowledgeable.  Gave me pricing over the phone which turned out to be $40 less than our current vet!  Had appointments available to fit my scheduling needs.Could not have been happier!  Staff very courteous, friendly.  Office odor-free and clean.  Dr. Cohen extremely friendly and gentle with our little guy!  Took all the time we needed and never made us feel rushed.  Answered all our questions thoroughly and honestly.  Will be transferring all our other pets charts to BFAH!
5	This hospital can't be beat!  I stopped by one day because I knew I was going to be getting new pet and since Iive close to this veterinary practice, I thought it would be a great place to start.  The girl at the front desk was as sweet as could be.  She gave me tons of information about vaccines and deworming and spaying my puppy, and even gave me a puppy pack and lots of handouts.  I spent about 15 minutes there and didn't even spend a dime to get all of the stuff.  When I went in for my puppy's check up, the doctor was great.  She spent alot of time answering my questions.  I really felt like my pet was really important to them.  They had the assistant hold for the shots, which was really great because I am afraid of needles.  And I was really suprised that my baby didn't even flinch!  All of the staff were female, and I felt so comfortable both times I visited.  I will be going back for her boosters in a week, and I am going to have her microchipped (they are having a great special), and I will also be getting her spayed there.  It was such a great comfortable experience, I would highly recommend them!
4	The puppy needed to be spayed, so we went to Best Friends Animal Hospital. Called prior to, was informed about the procedure (they only do spays on Mondays), pre-operation checkup needed ($35), and needing meds for after the operation (price depends on the size of your dog). They also give you a reminder call a day or two prior to your appointment.Price-wise, everything that was quoted is what I paid. Marleau (my puppy) was ready to go just after 1pm (she got dropped off around 8am). A little groggy, but everything went well. Everyone in the office is really nice, the vet is direct, nobody tries to sell you anything you don't need, and there's no preaching about anything. Bonus: nail trim with the spay!Took a few days, but Marleau is back to being her typical puppy self. No issues with the surgery and no problems thereafter!
5	Honest, caring, and knowledgable. That's all I care about at a Vet! They're really good at giving quotes for exact amounts or more. That way when you get the final bill there's only room for it to go down. Not always a fun trip to the vet, but they do a fantastic job of making it the best experience possible. I'm so glad my 4-legged friend and I found this place!!Highly recommended!
5	This vet is great.  They have been taking care of my pets for over ten years.  They truly care.  You won't find better care for your pets.
4	We took our kitty to this place when he started having bladder problems. The staff were friendly and genuinely caring.The vet tech was so gentle and kind to my cat, I felt really at home there.Their prices are reasonable too, not an arm or a  leg mostly, and I appreciate their ease and speed of service.
5	I have taken my dog here for a fews years on and off. Recently my 13 yo cat got into a fight and had an infected wound.  She has never been to a vet. The staff was so gentle and caring she never put up a fuss.  The quote they gave me was extremly reasonsable and they did a fantastic job. I will always use their office for all my vet needs from here on out. Thx Best Friends for truly caring.
5	Excellent I took two of my dogs to gets shots. Sadly my one dog is very scared of people and they were amazing and patient. My pitty also had a cut on his eye and ibstead of trying to up charge me or sell meds they told me a simple over the counter saline solution will do just fine. I will be going here again
