5	Love Dr Kennedy and his staff! My family has been going here since we moved from California last year and I have to say that they are the best we have ever been to. They treat you like family, are kind and compassionate and I can not say enough about how happy we are with them. I can say with absolute certainly that you will be happy and glad you gave them a visit.
2	Loved it at first.  Had been terrified of going to the dentist for 20 years.  Dr Kennedy was likeable and very reassuring.  Office staff (Ewa, Adrianna) were great.  They even rescheduled for me on short notice several times when work got in the way.  When it came to getting the actual work done though, I had several complaints about the bridge not fitting right, getting an infection and other issues and they always blew me off.  Their endodontist, who comes in once a week to do the root canals, is a total jerk.  When he did the last root canal on me he said "there you go, here is another one for your collection, hope you're happy".  Made me feel like crap.  I mean, I knew I needed major dental work, that's the whole reason I was there.  One filling had to be redone 3 times because it kept popping off and they told me it was my fault because I was grinding my teeth.  On the last visit, when a long time crown I had came out, they told me I needed to have a $4000 implant and they kept pushing the issue.  I went to another local dentist to get a second opinion.  Turns out the implant is not even a good choice for me, and in addition, the crown Dr. Kennedy put on one of my teeth made the whole tooth go dead, which this new dentist noticed right away from the Xray but they never noticed at MSD.  It's like they think the world of themselves and don't want to face it when things go wrong.  I'm not the easiest patient but I put my trust in them and I feel that they betrayed it.  I would say, overall, if you have zero issues with your teeth, go there, you will be very satisfied and the staff really does try hard.  If you need any restorative work done though, stay far away.
5	Great Staff! Great Dentist! We love this practice and have been going there for over 5 years:)
1	One other reviewer said it well.  Stay FAR away from here if you are in need of anything more than routine cleaning.  I went here to have a lost filling replaced which had begun to hurt a little.  By the time they were done with their "treatment plan", I would have been three teeth and $3500 poorer.  And that would have left me with a partial I could no longer use which would, of course, necessitate further, very expensive work.  I got the impression that these people, by being condescending, and they are, hope to intimidate the patient into horribly expensive dental work to make their mouth perfect.  No compromise solutions, no negotiation, no fix the hurt and then talk longer term solutions, it's our way or the highway.  Probably best to take the highway.
