4	Sell you designer duds here... I basically bring my good clothes here (ie: not the crap I get from Old Navy and Marshalls) to consign.  I let the money collect and then go in and collect on it before I go on a a vacation- VOILA! instant petty cash for a trip!  It really depends on what you being in, I have had $200 sitting waiting for me.  It's great.  It's consignment so they look at your stuff (mostly they look at the labels), keep what they want and then weeks later you stop by and see what sold and get the money for it, they keep a good chunk of it.  You have the choice for more money to be spent back in the store (trade) or get the cash.  I've never actually bought anything here though.
4	Oh yeah, do I love My Sister's Closet!!! Some of my favorite duds were found here. Now let's get this straight: like any consignment store, it's hit or miss--you may find a fabulous St. John's suit here one day and dreck the next. But for those who are into cheap duds that look like you found them at Saks or Nordstrom [and NOT Nordstrom's Last Chance!!!] and for those who are patient enough to keep coming back--and back--and back again, you CAN find something here.Just like any other thrift store, though it seems like we real-sized women get short shrift. But maybe that's because they're not into cool threads like I am...but I have still found some great stuff here, so keep coming. And coming back.And I may start consigning myself, so all you fashionistas out there who think that size 2 means that a girl's just not getting enough to eat should come here and pick up all my old designer duds that I've grown tired of.
4	Ok, so I've just come to the conclusion that it's not me....... it's YOU.I just don't like other peoples used, worn, busted up shit. That said, I really like My Sisters Closet. I've only been in a couple of times but I know potential when I see it in the form of a $400 Louis Vuitton bag. ( I wouldn't purchase it but I liked that it was there) I did pick up a pair of designer (not sure which one, don't really care) sunglasses for $14. Sure, they are probably *gasp* "last season's" or whatever but I don't care. They look hot and they cover almost my entire face which is something I look for in shades.I will be back soon to see what other goodies I can find. That $400 Louis really made me nervous though. Who has so much dough that they can just drop a perfectly good $1200 bag at consignment??........ and are they interested in adopting or marrying me...
4	i've been pretty happy with my sister's closet.  i don't always buy, but i've found a couple really cute dresses and a GREAT ann taylor suit (for $40).  this location is MUCH better than the one in scottsdale, which could certainly double as an old lady store.  the prices are fairly high on sweaters and casual stuff (i mean, a USED old navy sweater for $12.95? um, no.)  but it's definitely possible to find a treasure or two.  AND these treasures don't smell like goodwill.  if you have time to dig, i recommend my sister's closet.
5	This is the best one yet (out of all of the My Sister's Closets). I've found so many yummy things here. Cashmere sweaters, designer jeans (Sevens, AG and People's Republic), Coach sandals, a Prada moon bag and some Juicy Couture dresses - and those are just the highlights. They're very picky what they accept when you consign, but that's what makes them a good consignment shop and their prices are really pretty good. I always stop here after Last Chance. It completes my shopping day and a good deal makes me happy. Forget Prozac, what we need are Prada bags for $200 (it was a super sale day - and I'm not on Prozac, just being facetious).
5	I love this store.  I stop by every time I'm in town.  Great selection of clothing in a boutique setting.  Name brands at great prices.  Stop by here.
3	Hit or miss, for sure -- some days, it's part old lady; other days, it's Scottsdale girl cast-offs. They've taken a bunch of my old shit and don't totally give customers the shaft on trade (unlike its emo counterpart, Buffalo Exchange). There's a lot of nice, current designer jeans, and a decent cashmere section. Indeed, there is a sprinkling of designer bags, but they're either beat to shit, four seasons old, or a knock-off. So yeah. It's not a super duper awesome place on my constant rotation, but I like to stop by if I have time, and it's a good place to unload my old stuff.
4	A summary of the high points - Better quality than other consignment places, nice staff, decent cash and credit for what you consign, great prices, especially for the "bridge" brands like Ellen Tracy, Jones NY, etc.  I got a spectacular Ellen Tracy blazer for $8.  A CAbi blouse for $7.  Ann Taylor blazer for $11.  The real designer duds are of course $100+, but still a tiny fraction of the retail price.Low points - the place is weirdly organized, and the selection of larger sizes is pretty small.  I still haven't  figured out why there are three or four racks of jeans and several racks of blouses in different locations, and no racks of dresses...  well I'm sure there is one, but it's not anywhere obvious.  Also, the clothes on the designer racks are jammed too closely together and not separated by size, which makes browsing that rack so difficult I usually give up.  Also, they don't notify you when your clothes have sold, so remember to check in.
3	The shop was organized into different items of clothing, then into size and color. Most of the clothes was for an older demographic but I found a cute J Crew dress for $10. The quality of the clothes is good for the most part but there was some stuff that had material which was obviously worn. Staff was very friendly and helpful. I will be visiting again.
5	I've been to this location quite a few times and I usually find at least 1 little gem! On my first trip I found a cute cream colored banana republic v-neck that I wear often on a night out or on a lunch date on a Sunday afternoon! My best find so far was my brand new (I mean they were BRAND NEW) black nine west pointy toe pumps. And it just so happened that on this weekend ALL 'non-designer' shoes were half off! I thought $16 was already a steal but to my surprise...$8. EIGHT DOLLARS? JACKPOT! Recenty I bought a cute pair of used cream and brown peep toe pumps that I fully intend to take full advantage of. Ladies, the best part of my sisters closet is the mens 'Well Suited' next door...so send your BF on his way and you can meet up when you're both done shopping:)
5	Love this place! I bring my stuff here to consign and I shop here as well. I've had lots of luck here and it's located in a great shopping center close to Last Chance!! Perf!
4	excellent quality designer clothing at reasonable prices.  I was really surprised to see how cheap some of these lovely items were being sold for...But, I'm a size 4 and didn't find much that I liked that would fit.   also, clothes seemed more for older women (30's +). service was very friendly.   nice lady called me "hon" and asked me if I was finding everything okay. I recommend this place to the shopper who values quality at affordable prices.  Good men's section too, but again, sizes were mostly too big and boxy for my tall, yet slender boyfriend.
4	Organized, clean, and I know I can always find something I like there.  Every-time I consign I always sell something within a week and can count on store credit.  Very reputable.  Great spot to shop during lunch from work, and the ladies are always real helpful.
4	-No FUNKY second-hand clothing smells here! The stuff looked pretty new too, surprisingly.-Prices were pretty decent, although I didn't find anything.-Merchandise was easy to look through, not too crowded at all.-I saw several people coming in the store with arm loads of clothing from their closet, so this must be a pretty good place for your unwanted duds.-Parking was convenient.-Next door to "Well-Suited" Men's clothing.-This is what a multi-million dollar revenue retail business looks like (per newspaper article 11/14/10). Impressive.
3	I never had a sister...but I remember while I was still very young being able to rummage through my moms closet... I remember this cool blue velvety/terry cloth track suit she had that I really liked....ahh the '80s...but then I hit the 4th grade....The 2 times I have been in here the only things I found of interest were some of the shoes and the handbags and purses.  As for the clothes, they really don't carry anything in plus sizes.  Or at least not for plus size under 50 years old and even then the selection is slim.  For those under a size 10 you may be able to find a few more things.  I find the prices to be reasonable (although I have yet to buy anything.) It's a clothing consignment store so you have folks bringing in their stuff for evaluation.  They seem to like Chicos, and there are racks of Chicos stuff.  So if that is your thing you may be able to put together an outfit or 3.  Or you may be able to sell your stuff to them. But they do have other high end designer brands here, without much looking.  While it's not for me, I do feel it is worthy of checking out.
4	I love my sisters closet! They have a great selection of clothing, in a variety of sizes.  Pants, coats, shoes, purses and all sorts of nice stuff to choose from.  Plus, the prices are great!I bought a top here for $12.50, and I love it. Its in great condition, fits nice and it will go great in my wardrobe.  Plus, the sales staff was helpful and friendly.I plan on frequenting here more often, and really enjoyed the selection of clothes that they had, along with amazing prices.  yippie for my sisters closet!
3	I've been on a consignment store kick lately and decided to check this place out. Items are definitely geared toward an older crowd and contain a lot of "bridge" brands. For example, there's an entire rack of Chico's clothing. Not really my style (but I was able to find a DKNY dress for $8), but you can tell the buyers have an eye for quality and well-made items. Store is clean, if a bit disorganized, and doesn't have the "aroma" of a Savers/Goodwill.
3	While I know lots of people love this place, I just can't get into it.  Not that I haven't tried.  I have credit there from selling items, but no matter how hard I look I just can't find anything I like.  It seems to be clothing mostly for conservative or slightly older people.  (I'm still in my 20's).  I have probably been in 6 or 7 times, and have never really needed to talk to a sales person until the most recent visits.  I went to the counter to ask about the amount of credit I had, and got the impression that I was seriously putting out the lady helping me.  Eventually she pulled up my account and gave me the figure, but she couldn't tell me if I still had any items for sale, or which of the items had sold.  I was told that it would take a long time to pull up and that I could come back later to check on it.While I will be back to keep hunting for something, I will not be holding my breath.  Nor will I look forward to interactions with any salespeople.  Shrug.  We shall see...
2	I heard so much about this place that when I passed it--and noticed it just by chance--I had to stop in.  I looked around and saw "meh."  I've seen a whole lot better quality at other consignment shops in other cities.However, Phoenix has a pretty sucky thrift shop/consignment storegroup here anyway.  This is not the best city in the country for junking at all in my opinion, since I found so much better in San Francisco and Chicago--both cities with waaaaay better consignment shops than Phoenix ever dreamed of.Very nice and helpful lady who ran this place, tho.  I would give her my stuff just because she's so nice and informative.  She really tries.
2	I love love love consignment stores...and walking in this store, the smell was great...  however...I have to say i am disappointed with My Sister's Closet. I had heard such great things, so I was really excited to go. They did have some amazing designer purses, including a $3400 jimmy chu purse that was huge and gorgeous for $1899.  The designer section clothing was hung on nice wooden hangers with their logo (Nice touch). However....... The items I saw around the store, and my friend with me agreed, seemed like more than 40% really were more appropriate for a thrift store, and a lot of the items were really dirty (and still had high prices). You could see food stains on a dooney bag.. a coach wristlet, black, had white food smeared all over it... still highly priced for as dirty as it is. The thing is... even if it is a brand.. sometimes your store reputation is worth more than the 10 bucks you'll make by selling something dirty. Just my .02. I saw sensors put though jeans pockets, wallets (in the leather!) and other questionable placements. When I asked about it.. the sales person just said, well maybe there is someone new who does not put it in the right place. That damages items people are buying, and they may not realize the big holes placed by those sensors. I loved there "on the web" tags. I've never seen that before, but they are really pretty and catch your eye if you want to take a closer look. I prefer consignment stores to identify the sizes on the hanger by color coding or some such to make it easier to find my sizes. I get bored really fast trying to find my size..  As a consumer, I would have spent more time looking had I been able to really scan the racks easier for size.The shoes are nicely organized.... and clearly labeled. They were not over crowded so it was easy to see the shoes. There are some positives.. I purchased a le sportsac tiny bag for 9.99, it was new so i do feel it was a good deal.  but really be careful what you buy.. The prices for the purses seemed high for used resale and their obvious usage stains.
4	"Name brand clothing without the name brand price tag"Although being male, My Sister's seems to be a big hit among the women in my family.  I am related to shopaholics and bargain hunters and though it seems that these may be part of a genetic predisposition to the Asian gene on both sides of the family, you would think that I spend my weekends on this expensive past time.  I don't.  But I do enjoy finding my bargain name brands here which are plenty at Well Suited (Male counterpart to My Sister's Closet).  By coming here, I not only save on $$, but save on time spent shopping all over malls and waiting for sales desired clothing.  They do have spectacular sales about twice a year on the consigned articles up to another 70% off (usually in late January and August).  This is to make room for new seasonal items.  While others may cringe at the thought of wearing consigned clothing, it is their loss due to the amazing savings.  I cannot speak on the consignment system as I have not brought in any of my clothing, but I can attest to the selection to buy which are great, clean, and organized; providing opportunity for us to wear name brand clothing without the name brand price. If you think this was useful, cool, or funny, please check below.
4	This is my favorite stop for "new" work clothes!! They have a good, varied selection of slacks, work tops, jackets and skirts - as well as some cute casual items. The prices here are fantastic -  last time I went to got 3 items (Anthropologie, Esprit and Lucky Brand!) for $33.  The clothes are always in good condition and often still have their dry cleaning tags on them. As is the case with second hand places, it can be hit or miss but that makes it okay to shop there every week! I've never sold anything to them so I cannot comment on what that process is like.
5	I love My Sister's Closet!!! I almost always find something cute to wear here. From shoes to clothing to purses, there's something for everyone. Every week I check in to see what  new merchandise they have. So exciting! Like it on Facebook.
1	This comment is directed to the gentleman that works in your Phoenix Colonnade location in the Furniture section. (The really short 80's looking guy)..Why in the world would be so condescending to customers and butt in on their conversation? Why did you feel the need to critisize their description of a chair they were looking at?Because of your rude and flippant behavior, and obvious lack of customer service skills you lost an extremely large sale and any future business my wife and I would ever give you. That unfortunately includes the clothing side. we refuse to give business to people that treat customers so disrespectfully !
4	While I can't say I've ever actually purchased anything for myself, I keep coming back to My Sister's Closet. It's probably more the thrill of the hunt for that perfect (shirt/pants/jacket/etc) that keeps me interested. Maybe its just me, but they usually don't have much in my size. They do have plenty of Med - Large sizes and 35 - 40 waist pants.FYI MSC - I wear a 38s jacket, size S collared shirts, a 30ish waist with 29inch inseam, and size 7 1/2 - 8 shoe; just in case you were wondering. ;)My wife seems to have some luck though. She's found a few designer shirts, a couple pairs of 7 jeans, and even some cool Coach purses. I think this is definitely a better place for the female shopper. Best of luck to all you shoppers; and who knows, maybe you'll bump into me in there not buying something. :(
4	The customer service is great at My Sister's Closet. And what a lot of people don't realize is that you can look stuff up on their web site and even submit a wish list. My wife saw a desk on the web site and we rushed over to see it after a quick call to make sure it was still available. Of course we chuckled a bit when we were told other people looked at it already and were interested. Don't you just love the sales game? I was able to buy a desk for my office after months of searching all of the consignment places in the Phoenix metro area; For some weird reason all the furniture sellers think their furniture is worth close to what a desk would sell at retail. I was able to knock down the price a little and scored a desk that looks brand new for around $325. Sweet, when you consider we couldn't find a comparable desk for under $500 before this one came along.
3	My Sister's Closet is a local used/consignment shop. They have a few locations, and this one is closest to me. As with most stores like this, it's hit or miss but always worth the trip. They have women's and men's clothing (casual duds and fancier duds), shoes, sunglasses, purses, and some jewelry. They usually have some clothes outside the front door on the sidewalk that are on sale, so be sure to check those out as well. I've picked up some cute tops here, and a pair of lululemon yoga pants! They have a dressing room at this location. Parking is usually plentiful right in front of the store.
4	My Sister's Closet is a great consignment shop that has a few locations around the valley. I first found it when I had a bunch of gently used middle-to-high end clothes and shoes that I no longer wore but didn't want to go through the pain of trying to sell them myself on places like eBay or clothing selling communities. I decided to give consignment a try and dragged a bag over and to my delight they took everything I brought them! (The second time I went I wasn't as lucky but they took a great deal.)I've cashed out before (when I needed the cash) but I like keeping a credit there too because you can find some great things in the store to purchase as well at GREAT prices! I have seem a few clothing items that had slight damage or a stain but the great quality pieces far outweigh the few duds. I love checking in here every couple of weeks to see what new clothes are in (and to see how much my credit has gone up from my own consigned clothes selling). I almost prefer to shop here more than at regular stores because I feel like I'm getting a better deal for my money. Alas sometimes I do walk out emptied handed but you can't always have a great shopping day!I would definitely reccomend My Sister's Closet if you're looking to sell some clothes or if you're looking to buy on a budget.
1	I used to be a huge fan of this place until last night. I went in to find a nice dress to wear. After wandering the store looking for the plus size section (I proudly wear a size 18) and not finding anything, I asked the clerk where it was. Apparently they no longer carry anything over a size 16.Talk about being disappointed. I was so upset I almost cried. Shame on you...... You should also put a sign up now so that girls like me don't waste our time wondering through your store anymore...
1	Smaller sizes...not much for the plus or large crowd.  Also, the staff is almost incredulously rude everytime I'm in here!  I know people love it here, but it's like a very expensive Goodwill.  The clothes and accessories are way overpriced for what you're getting!  Save yourself some money and go down to the Goodwill at 16th St and Indian School.Also, if you have clothes to sell, don't get your hopes up.  Gawd knows I've tried to figure out what they are looking for...when they did take a couple of my smaller size 12 sundresses to consign, they ended up giving them away to a thrift store for dogs (I shit you not) and didn't even bother to call me.  I guess that's not their policy...if you consign here and they don't sell your stuff in whatever time frame they think they should, don't expect to ever get it back.
3	A-ok, seems to be a fair description.  I've found a few items by chance, but for the most part, I'm not that impressed with what this location carries.   I can't imagine why someone would buy a used Tiffany necklace with someone else's initials on it, but ok...  The best part of this location is that if you hit and miss, at least you have Trader Joes and Nordstrom Rack Backroom in the same plaza so that the trip isn't wasted.
2	ive been to better consignment places. however they are the only ones that would take some of my older clothes. they have a large selection which is nice but you really got to dig to find stuff. also i always consign like 10 things and only seem to get like $5 bucks in credit for nice stuff. it seems disorganized in there and can take awhile for them to sort through your things. also you can't call them to see if you have credit u have to go in-pain in the butt. i pretty much only go here if other stores won't take my stuff.
5	My Sister's Closet it is a cute little consignment store in Town & Country. The very first time I came here was a couple of years ago.   I'm glad I found My Sister's Closet.  They have great prices and the staff is great too. Also they have the best selection of jeans in town.  I always end up buying my jeans here for a great price.  If you are in Phoenix looking for a great consignment store, you should head over to My Sister's Closet.  They now have a new Men's store that has a great variety of everything that is right next door.   :)
5	Excited about the new location!
4	The gals buying are always super friendly and go over why some items weren't selected. I appreciate that. The manager is also quite friendly! SELLING CLOTHESMaybe because the area has more professional business women but I do well with certain items here. I bring my Ann Taylor and WHBM, along with Banana Republic and other decent work attire brands. BUYING CLOTHESI've found some great jeans in small sizes (24-25) here! R&R for $35. Yay!!
4	Super fun place to shop for high quality clothing and accessories at bargain prices. They have a large selection especially good for work clothes lots of suits and dresses. Good selection of evening clothes as we'll. beautiful jewelry too. Other locations in town a fun day to bit them all.
4	Hey now... I stopped by My Sister's Closet on my way out of Last chance, as it is just literally a block or two away. They have some cute things in here, I scored a pair of Pilcro shorts for 10.00 as well as some Saucony running shoes for $12.00, not bad! This store is really small, and they have an odd mix of mall brand clothing all the way to higher end stuff. I saw a pair of size 9 tory burch miller sandals (brown brand new) for around $50.00, too bad they weren't my size or else I woulda snatched those bad boys up. Overall I think their selection is kinda small, I easily went through all the racks in 30 mins, if you have some time to kill you could get lucky and end up finding one or two things you really like.
4	Good selection at the Pima rd. location.  I'm doing the camelback location tomorrow.  Clean and well organized, good prices.  I do not consign clothes anymore with these types of stores due to bad experiences , but it doesn't stop me from shopping at them.
1	It's one of that consignment stores that refuses clothes one originally bought from them because the labels aren't designer enough. I would never shop here again, since if I pay $40 for a skirt, wear it twice, and decide it doesn't work for me, they'll snootily refuse it as inferior to what they stock, obviously, in tones of "how dare I sully their store with this trash?" They even accused me of lying about ever having an account with them, when I'd said I wasn't sure and it was from years ago. In fairness, I would swear the place has changed management or employees. It used to be possible to buy high-end office clothes here and the staff were nice. Now it's a trophy-wife clothes, staffed by the rudest, snootiest women I've ever encountered in a clothing store. I should probably be grateful I now don't have store credit I'd have to use there.
1	New location needs better ventilation. Awkward layout reeks of musty clothes.  Odor persists into breezeway. Organization not clear. I sincerely hope this is a temporary location.
3	I was going to write a review last night after having a horrible experience here but I hate being negative so I did not. I stopped back by this location today to see if they would take any of my items and my experience today was so much better! I have been here four times over all so I am just going to go ahead and cover each encounter.My first time here was actually a really great experience! I had never consigned before and the girl looking over my items was so helpful. She only took a few items but she explained why she could not take some of my items in a very polite manner.My second time here was the complete opposite experience of my first. I brought in my prom dresses and the girl really loved one of my dresses but there was make up on it so she could not take it. Which was fine I wouldn't want to buy something that had make up from a previous owner on it! However, my other dress was not the girl's taste and she made that very clear. She went over it extensively trying to find one thing wrong so she did not have to take it. She found nothing so she accepted it but told me it probably would not sell. I was so offended by this because I WORE this dress to my prom and she made me feel like it was the ugliest dress she had ever seen. (Side note: the dress sold within a couple of weeks, if that!!) My third time here was another poor experience. I wanted to cash out my account and the girls working acted like my presence was bothering them. They barely spoke to me and were much more concerned about talking to each other instead of helping me. Today when I went in to consign more items the girl was so nice and helpful just like the first girl I had encountered at this store. She ended up taking all of my items, but I overheard her deal with another customer and she was very polite when declining some of their items.Overall, I think this place is hit or miss as far as attitudes of employees go! I have never really shopped it so I can't give too much feedback on selection but it looks like they have a pretty good amount and variety of designer jeans.
3	I have both shopped and consigned here for years. I find a few things to purchase every few trips and their prices are reasonable (great when buying, not so great when selling but clearly as the market dictates). I like that they separate contemporary brands from other stuff which makes it easier for me to find what I like. The location is convenient but not as comfy as other locations. If you are hoping for customer service, try Poor Little Rich Girl as they take the time to help you and treat you well. There are nice people who work here, but they often aren't allowed by management to get you info or help out as you need. Mostly, you have to keep on top of everything you consign. Some examples. After seven weeks of asking where my items were, the manager admitted they couldn't find them. They only gave me $10 in credit for a new pair of Ted Baker evening pumps as compensation. Second, I dropped off a pair of genuine Louis Vuitton shoes. If the issue with missing items hadn't happened, I never would have found out that they labeled them as faux (which they are genuine!) and they would have donated them without ever calling me. I'd be out an expensive pair of shoes with nothing to show for it. Third, they lost a pair of unworn Gucci wedges for over a month. When they found them, they were on the floor less than two days before they were marked down by 40%! If I hadn't noticed they had never been out, then they never would have been sold, but I don't think it's right for them to take that deep a discount after only two days. Fourth, they also lost a pair of True Religion jeans. When they found them, they packed them away to be part of a future clearance, so they never even had a chance to be sold at first price. Luckily, they returned my Louis Vuitton shoes and jeans. Poor Little Rich Girl sold both within a few days. Lessons learned.
2	Wow, after hearing about how great this place is, I have to say, I'm a bit disappointed. I first went in to look around and saw a bunch of overpriced used items and when I say used I mean USED. Nine West shoes that were beat to hell and they were still asking $40.00, say what?  Needless to say I did not purchase anything. However, I had some items at home that were 'gently' used and thought I'd give the whole consignment world a shot. I took in a Coach handbag that I used 1 time, a new small Coach wallet, a new Coach key ring, a new Kate Spade makeup bag, a pair of Bandolino riding boots (vegan) worn once and pair of Calvin Klein snakeskin pumps, worn once and a new Guess handbag. Mind you, you can either take the credit at the store and keep 55% or the cash and get 45%. After emailing twice trying to get my amount owed to me and being ignored, I finally went into the store where I was redirected to go to two different registers, and over heard an employee telling a customer exactly the opposite of what was told to me about retrieving money on consignments. Anyway, all my stuff sold within the first 5 days and my grand total in cash was.......$78.00. It seemed a little low. I was expecting at least $200.00.
2	I had a very similar experience to Allison G. (review written on 9/16/2014). I went in to collect my money at My Sister's Closet at T&C today. I approached the sales gal standing at the register and explained to her what I was there to do. I was told to go to another register in a rather apathetic and dismissive demeanor. Prior to today, approx. 56 days ago, I took in 8 items to sell and 7 of them sold. They were decent labels (BCBG dresses, Coach purse, Elie Tahari skirt, Cache leather skirt, Italian suede blazer, Banana Republic skirt, etc.) and what I received in return in cash was $55. I asked Jenny (sales person) if I could take home my 1 remaining item and they wanted to charge me $5.00 to do so (and that charge will be going up soon according to Jenny and the sign she brusquely pointed to). It was because it was an item they had priced under $25. "It's in the contract" Jenny so gruffly explained. So when taking your clothes for consignment I highly suggest that you stay current on your contract so you know exactly what kind of exchange you will experience from them. Apparently they make changes to your contract whenever they see fit and do not notify you of the changes other than the signs they post in-store. Be cautious and informed before doing business here. I've had my account there for years and I've never felt so dismissed by the sales persons (esp. Jenny), so uninformed, and frankly, ripped off. Bottom-line: Doing business with My Sisters Closet feels bad. I will not be taking my items to be sold there to receive very little in return and to be treated so poorly for being a client of theirs. I'd rather donate my clothes to a good cause, get a tax write-off that I believe is a better financial decision and, more importantly, feel good about doing it.
2	A long term consignor, I didn't really keep track of the items I brought in, or the individual amount received for them.  I donate many things to charity, but take the more expensive things here.  Well, I took a necklace, Honora pale green, freshwater pearls in their leather pouch into MSC. I paid $185 for them and had never worn them.  I was paid $7.50 for the pearls!!  It is my opinion, when there is an item one expects to sell for at least $85+, they should let you know, before giving them away for peanuts. I was not happy, although an employee called me after my inquiry as to what happened to the pearls.  I think with designer clothes, one is better off sending them to The Real Real. They pay 70% and shipping.  From now on I will donate all other items to charity and take the donation receipt, rather than feel as if I had been "taken". The staff is friendly for the most part, but many do not know quality when they see it, and reject things that would sell and are valuable.,The store is well organized, and I'm sure if you buy anything, you'll get a great deal-especially if you bought my pearls.
3	I'm going to leave 3 stars here for now, but I will be back to give them another chance. Get this. I had 3 hours to kill because my car was getting serviced. I wandered into My Sister's Closet. I've never been to one before, though I have heard of them of course. I shopped around a little just out of boredom, and found a pair of boots in my size that were cute and fit. The price tag said $19.95 so I took them up to pay. The cashier asked me to wait. She was gone for some time, then came back to tell me that the boots were mislabeled and should be $99.95. All that was running through my mind was, is that even legal? I mean, what other business could possibly get away with that? So I asked to talk with the manager, and she assured me the price had been miss-entered by an employee who had been let go. I wasn't angry, just frustrated, and I let her know I felt it was not very professional. She did offer me a small gift card to encourage me to try again, which I will. But it makes me really wonder what kind of quality control they have.
