4	A typical hole-in-a-wall generic chinese/thai food joint. It was close to one of my customer's sites and I was in a hurry and in no mood to drive anywhere else so I decided to check this place.... ordered shrimp in lobster sauce lunch special.+ good size portion+ loaded with fresh vegetables+ very friendly service+ ... all for little more than $6 (no drink)+ simple but very clean interior
4	I really like this place.  They have great combination meals.  The fresh and crisp taste of the snap peas assures you that they just made your food when you ordered it.  I am one of those people who goes in to pick up my food and doesn't like to wait for delivery.  They are fast and efficient, even if you walk in and order!
5	Best Chinese in Las Vegas.
4	been going here since '05. many diff owners but food is still good.
1	it is one of those Americanized Chinese food take-out place, so you know what to expect, I saw a lot of good review, so i gave a try, unfortunately,the food is not what real Chinese will like, probably it is because there are not many Chinese people living in henderson.
3	I came here with my mom to order take out because she really likes this place. I already have a place to eat Chinese, but she was driving. The place was clean. They have pictures of food up, but I couldn't tell what any of them were. The service was good. I had a Sprite from the fountain, or what I thought was a Sprite. When I took a sip it was not Sprite. I told the guy at the counter and he said ok and made no effort to check the machine. Then I tried the Lemonade. That was water. When I went to pour it out, there were floaties of I don't know what in my cup. I sat down thinking they would get to the machine, but they didn't. They have lunch specials that go till 4p.  Unfortunately, we had gone in the evening, so I'm not sure of the portions they serve, but their prices are reasonable and about the same as other restaraunts. I had Udon soup which was good. At the same time unappetizing because I kept thinking about the machine. I'm all about supporting small businesses, but first impression is key.
4	We were looking for something quick for dinner and realized there just aren't many Chinese food restaurants in the area.  We'd already tried our closest one and wanted to try something different.  Then we remember Wok In Express on Gibson.  Went on a week night and the restaurant was empty.  Nothing special looking, but there are a lot of dine-in tables, which is surprising for your typical chinese food joint. I placed my order while my husband was still mulling over what to get.  He orders a teriyaki bowl and the man shakes his head no.  For a second we were wondering what this meant.  "No", as in "we can't order that"?  Finally he says, "I can't let you order japanese food at a chinese restaurant.  I have to have it on the menu but it's just not as good."  This was puzzling.  I mean, why have something on the menu that you don't want to serve?  Still, my husband appreciated his honesty and opted for beef and broccoli instead.  The man threw in 2 veggie egg rolls and I got a free fountain soda for checking in.  The food was ready quickly and the portions were large.  We both enjoyed our meals and especially loved the chicken fried rice!  The prices were OK.  I liked that they marked the takeout boxes to let us know which was which.  We'll definitely return when we're in the mood for Chinese takeout.
