3	Danny's Pizza and Pasta opened a couple of weeks ago in front of the Tega Cay Walmart.  A few people said good things about them, but a lot of people also said that about the recently opened Mama's in Indian Land and it was not too good.  Danny's was slightly better, but not by much.  After receiving a 20% off coupon in the local coupon magazine, I figured it would be worth a try.  The people working were very friendly.  I ordered an 18 cheese pie.  It was decent, but was overdone (what is it with the pizza places around here overcooking the pies?  This was charred on the bottom, like many other local places).  The dough had some flavor to it, the sauce was okay, and oregano was added to the top of the pizza.  If your pizza is good, oregano is not necessary (see Lorenzo's/Junior's).  The dough was slightly thicker than NY style, but not by much.  They don't say they are NY style, but it definitely is.The menu is also a bit limited.  There are no chicken wings, but they may be good because most places similar to this around here do not make good ones.  The pizza topping choices are also a bit limited.  It is a small place, so it is understandable, but it is always good to have choices.So, this is again one of those pizza places that just needs a couple of tweaks.  Next time, I will order the pizza light baked and without oregano.  I think it would make it very good.
4	Mixed feelings here for this new local business - I called about a week after they opened to place a pick up order. The girl who answered the phone was sweet, but had to put me on hold to get  a pen. Every pizza place should have a dedicated place for the phone to be answered that is fully stocked with everything anyone would need to take an order quickly. After taking my order she hung up the phone without saying goodbye (uh huh/click does not = goodbye).I thought the pizza was good, but a little bland. I would absolutely order it again, but out of convenience not craving.The next two times I visited the experience was this: food is good, but everything is a little bland (except the garlic knots and marinara - hands down the best in town). Don't be scared to season guys! The real problem that I really hope doesn't shut this place down like so many other local places is the service. It's a hot mess. There are always plenty (too many) people working - but no one seems to know what they should be doing or what everyone else around them is doing. There is one guy who is always appropriately dressed in a sous chef uniform who is cool, calm and collected who everyone seems to defer to for guidance. THAT is the guy who should be running the show. Then, there is a tall, nice guy who takes orders who 1) has little knowledge of the menu and prices 2) is scared of the register and 3) has this totally humorous habit of running away from the counter whenever anyone walks up and making them wait while he performs some trivial task even though there are half a dozen other cooks right behind him. We saw him do it several time while we were there. Classic. He always tends to carry on long conversations with other employees about restaurant issues while making the customer standing in front of him and wait before they can order/be handed their change. A guy who seems to be the owner spends waaayyy too much time cruising the small dining area when he needs to be behind the counter making sure things are running smoothly.Get it together Danny's! Your customers want to come in and be greeted, be the sole focus of attention while ordering and paying and be served delicious hot food at a fair price. If they call, be professional. Go and visit Village Pizza - their service down to the attitude of the delivery driver when he shows up at your house is awesome - but your food is better. Don't be done in! Have a massive training session, put a plan into place and ensure your employees execute it all.the.time.I will absolutely be back! I just hope you get the kinks worked out soon!
5	Since moving from the Northeast I haven't found a good, local, Brooklyn style pizza. It's safe to say that Danny's has the closest thing you're going to find to that. And really it isn't far off. I'm a simple guy and if you give me a good cheese pizza and throw some red pepper and Parmesan on it I'm happy. The first two times I went I will say that the crust wasn't as crispy as I had thought it would be, but it was a little bit later in the day which might explain it. I have yet to try the white pizza but when I do, I will know wether or not I love this place. From a Northerner, this pizza gets my approval. For the southern reviewers, this isn't papa johns, it's Brooklyn style pizza. My only advice would be to downsize the restaurant to essentially a glorified hallway, add some seedy characters, take away all the tables except maybe a booth or two out back, and start stocking some Arizonas :)
5	Great food- great Service
4	Finally a good pizza place in the fort mill area!
4	Great place to get pizza.  Since moving from NY over 7 years ago, I have been looking for good pizza.  I have only found a very small handful of places to get it, none of which were in Fort Mill.  Service isn't quite there yet, but I attribute that to the short time they have been open.  Definitely worth a visit if you're looking for good NY Style Pizza!
5	Just wanted to update and say that Danny's is absolutely working out the kinks! Past few visits = great service. The menu always has something interesting and different (for Tega Cay.) Well done!
3	Please stop with the table service. It makes no sense. It takes waaaay to long. Just takes orders and call names when it's ready. You're a small quick service pizzeria. Just be that!
4	Finally tried Danny and was not disappointed. The regular pizza slice was closer to NY than any other place. Minimally greasy which is what I want. I just don't like that you order a slice, they yell the order to the back kitchen ( while the ovens and pizza are in the front) and then you wait ten minutes and they bring the slice out to you at a table or counter. ( only a couple of customers there when I went). They will bring you parm cheese & red pepper but not the garlic. You have to go to the front to retrieve the spice. They need more counter space to sit at and/ or single or double person tables. It would be just like NY if you could order the slice at the counter and wait a minute or two, they hand you the slice and then go sit wherever you want. Maybe with practice this will happen. I will go back for the pizza but to hell with the service. PS: I spent a little over $5 for one slice and a small soda. A bit pricey, I think.
5	Finally! A place that really knows how to make pizza...and lots of other Italian dishes as well. Excellent Rigatoni a la Vodka, Chicken Parm is delicious, as an entree or in a sandwich...Home made Rice Balls are to "die for"' and their desserts are simply the best. Real New York tastes from a real New York baker, Danny adds personal touch to all dishes, soups are flavorful and tasty, staff is very friendly, looking to help with suggestions and great service....And, the pizza is the star, with just cheese, my favorite, or assorted toppings...have the pizza there, where it's piping hot and delectable...Danny's is not to be missed.
5	Awesome pizza!!  So glad we finally got a great local pizza restaurant nearby. The service is great, fresh ingredients and any pizza place that cooks their onions, peppers & mushrooms before putting them on the pizza (an extra touch I SO appreciate for flavor and no soggy pizza) is a great pizza place!!
5	Awesome!! Service was great and pizza was even better! We had pizza at the table, but I opted for the Mediterranean Salad. It was fabulous! We will definitely be eating there again. BTW- our server was Alexis and she was great! She kept my kids entertained and provided excellent service. Highly recommend!
4	Danny's is a great local pizza place! Definitely my favorite Pizzeria around! Every time I've gone there I've always left extremely satisfied. The pizza is the only thing I've gotten from there (besides italian ice) but really that's the most important! All the ingredients are fresh and tastes great. The pizza sauce has a nice zing to it and the crust is the perfect mix of  doughy and crunchy! My only complaint os that the middle of the pizza does get soggy after it sits for a few minutes. The service has always been stellar! I honestly can't complain about it. I was even  sitting outside waiting for a pizza and they forgot where we were sitting so they gave our pizza away. They apologized profusely and gave us a fresh pizza and some freebies  as a bonus. Very nice and great place to be!
3	They have a great lunch special and the staff is very friendly. I was with a group of 10 and the waitress did an excellent job and was very attentive without being overbearing. The pizza was just ok though. The fettuccine and the sweets looked amazing. Would be willing to go back to try those and even to give the pizza another shot.
5	This was the greatest pizza I have had in a long time. This is the best place to get pizza. But not just that they also serve pasta, kanolies, garlic knots and lots of other things I know you'll enjoy.
4	We tried Danny's for the first time today and we weren't disappointed. The service was superb and we both really enjoyed our pizza. The slices are huge, we each ordered 2 slices and ended up taking the second one home for dinner. My boyfriend ordered the meat lover's and says it's great the second time around as well. I ordered a slice of extreme and a slice of the margiano. The extreme was delicious but I wasn't a fan of the margiano. I tasted it fresh and it wasn't bad, but I decided not to eat it reheated. Not much selection of specialty pies, but what they do have all sounds pretty tasty. Seems a little pricey on the pasta side of things, but we are big fans of local restaurants so we will definitely go back to try some of their other offerings.
4	The special (one of them anyway) was a slice with meatball, pepperoni and sausage. Really tasty and on great crust, light and crispy with a bit of chew. I'll be back. Great outdoor seating spot that is on the shade at lunch!
4	I originally came for the pizza, which is excellent, but I keep coming back for the Italian dishes. O am glad I went out on a limb one night and ordered something other than the great pizza. Now I usually just order the evenings special with confidence that it will be great.Don't miss out on the homemade cannoli. They are addictive!
4	Been here a few times and tried multiple dishes including the pizza and chicken Marsala. I wasn't fond of the chicken Marsala dish but the pizza and pasta dishes are excellent. It's a smaller restaurant for sitting but they do have a patio section. However because of this they only have 1 or 2 servers so patience is necessary if not ordering out. Definitely give this place a try
