4	08/04/12I booked a five night stay here after recommendations from coworkers. The room was huge with pullout sofa, microwave, fridge, and separate bedroom. Two large modern televisions.The first night the shower was clogged, but the fixed it in the morning while I was away at work.  They put me in a handicapped room, for reasons I don't know, so I have to duck in the shower. That is why it's not 5 stars. I suppose I could complain, but it's not worth the hassle.A bit of advise, skip the restaurant downstairs and head to the corner and eat at Sofrtita or All American Grill.
3	I received the rate off of hotwire so I am happy with the rate. I was unsure of how far away Fountain Hills was and I was in for a surprise for how far away it was. The carpets were kind of nasty in the hallways and in the rooms. But the bedding was very clean and comfortable.  I was only staying one night so I was pleased for what I paid for. Fountain Hills is a very beautiful area.
3	This hotel was okay nothing fancy but did the job!
5	This holiday inn had a quaint Victorian style, and was quite possibly the best furnished one as well!  It even had a chaise lounge, and a fully furnished living room. Friendly staff, and located directly across from the ginormous Fountain hills fountain, that spouts on the hour. Prefect!
1	Pretty poor housekeeping.  Edges and corners have not been vacuumed in soooo long you can see the dust.  We stayed 3nts...found pizza crust on floor with electrical cords after the 2nd nt. Ther was brown finger prints on shear drapes.  Tub doesn't drain water well.  The whole hotel smells like a floral spray over a crap-Fest.  My Brother stayed another room where he found his shower-bath was filthy for his morning shower.  Maid staff was really unfriendly as well as undedicated!  Bathroom light fixture has dead roach in it.  Carpet is soooo filthy it dirties your feet if you walk barefoot on it!  Luggage carts have tacky crumbled signs on them to bring back to lobby.
1	This place has needed an update for years.  Experienced all the problems and more that I saw on the HI website dating back more than a year.  Apparently complaints get form letter lip service only.Main thing is filthy carpeting.  Walked around barefoot in the room and when I stepped into the shower dirty footprints washed down the drain.  Killed a roach.  Hallway has foul smell.No coffee set up in the lobby.Saw a so called hotel security guy open someone's room without knocking and peak in.  Ask for his id and he had none.  Took him down to the front desk but they were not  concerned.Bill was not correct but they fixed it with no problemSeveral problems with room key working, also shower (hot and cold reversed, hard to operate)Seen better in Nigeria
3	Clean, comfortable, with good staff.
