5	Bilyana is truly the best.  She is so warm and professional, her salon is clean and relaxing, and she has the skills and talent that results in the prettiest, healthiest lashes.  I have had my lash extensions done at other places, and they do not compare.  Bilyana precisely gets every single lash, and applies them to flatter your personal eyes shape.  She knows what the best lashes are to use for the look you prefer and for the health of your lashes.  I actually have healthier and more abundant lashes after going to her because there is no damage and my previously damaged (from another lash spa) had time to grow in.  This is now my must-have beauty ritual, as it makes such a difference in my appearance and saves me so much time because I no longer have to mess with mascara or curl my lashes.  I am a busy mom of a toddler and a baby.  This treat saves me time and helps me look more awake, polished, and dare I say, glamorous!  I drive all the way from Henderson to her studio because she is worth it.  You can try other places, but I already have.  Go see Bilyana.  You'll be glad you did.
5	I have been going to Bilyana since I moved to Vegas last Feb. She is the only person I will let touch by eyebrows. I have gone to other salons for waxing before, and they  cannot get it right, or they mess up my eyebrows. Bilyana also gives great facials, she is friendly and professional. She is also very knowledgeable about Image skincare product line. So she knows what will work for your skin, and she shows you how you can mix up different products in the line that will work for your skin concerns. Eventually I will also be going to Bilyana for eyelash extensions. I have heard nothing but great things from her clients that are leaving the salon as I am walking in. I know if I trust Bilyana with my eyebrows. I can trust her with my eyelashes.
5	I'm always a bit reluctant to go to someone's home as a place of business but, I have to say that "BOY, am I glad I did!" After having the worst experience at Cherry Lash Lounge, I found out that my lashes were damaged from use of extensions that were way too heavy for my own lashes. Bilyana's Lash Studio is a hidden gem in Vegas. Her place is SO clean, adorably decorated, warm and cozy!! She has years of experience as a licensed Aesthetician and has been trained in "Extreme Lashes," which is a certification system that takes a full 2 years to complete. The initial consult that I had with her was thorough, including the paperwork about my healthy, any prescriptions I may be taking, allergies etc. Then, she proceeded to compare my eye shape with a sample eye chart before going over the type of extensions she would be using. I got a thorough explanation of all that was going to take place before even commencing on the service. I still had leftover extensions on, which allowed Bilyana to compare and see the type that was used previously. She was able to remove the ones leftover without damaging anymore of my own lashes. She did a thorough cleaning of the lashes without pulling. And I can't emphasize how gentle her touch is on my lashes. She literally put me to sleep. I was so relaxed. It was like I came in for a nice nap. I apologize to Bilyana if I snored. Lol but, that is how relaxed I was. She is SO pleasant and I was so comfortable with her from the onset. She had relaxing music to boot. It was definitely more like a spa experience. The results were shocking. Even with damaged lashes, she was able to give me an even, set of beautiful extensions that show absolutely no signs of missing spots. They look and FEEL just like my own lashes. Super soft and I don't get that heavy, crunchy feel when I close my eyes nor, do I see the extensions hanging, poking or obstructing my own lashes. I was stunned and SO pleased!! Bilyana is A+MAZING!! I will be going to her for facials as well. She uses great products that are on the organics side of things but, are potent enough to get results. After my session, she informed me of how to clean my lashes, which I NEVER got before and I purchased an amazing cleansing/make-up remover product that is all from the Extreme Lash line. They took years and years of research to come up with a line that is specifically designed for the safety and longevity of your lashes. I couldn't recommend Bilyana more. She REALLY has a gift. I am now, a loyal client.
5	I was truly a virgin about eyelash extensions till I met Bilyana.  I was tired of curling my lashes and they were hungry for some volume.  Bilyana explained the different lengths, curvatures, and thickness.  To somebody new like me, this could be so overwhelming.  She answered my questions with such great expertise that I was able to relax and trust her.  I was hesitant to do the service at her residence but that immediately changed as she was very friendly and welcoming.  When she was done, I was delighted with how natural it all looked. I couldn't wait to show them off. Even my husband couldn't tell they were extensions.  I did buy products from her as well to preserve the longevity of the lashes.  The products really do make a difference too.  Thank you Bilyana for a very pleasant first time experience.
5	I went to Bilyana for eye lash extension, and was shocked by how different the process of eye lashes is with Xtreme lashes. Bilyana has passion with lashes. She took the time to educate the customer on how everything should work, so they last longer. I would not go anywhere else. Bilyana is a true gem! I would trust Bilyana with facials, waxing, and eye lashes. Bilyana truely cares how the lash looks and most importantly about the customer. I am soooo happy I found Bilyana! P Holt
5	Bily has been doing my lashes for the last 6 months. I've been very happy with the natural yet dramatic look she gives me. People compliment me on my lashes all the time, I would definitely  recommend her. Recently she's been doing my facials too, and my acne has cleared up for the first time in years. She's very gentle, sweet, and professional.  And her studio is very clean, which I find extremely important.
5	Love my lashes!I was a bit apprehensive about getting faux permanent lashes, but after seeing a friend in some flirty new ones, I thought I might as well give it a go. I looked through yelp and saw that the reviews on some popular salons were less than desirable and so I decided to try Bilyana as her reviews were great!Her studio is located on the second floor of her home. Don't let that deter you as her studio is very clean and very inviting. Bilyana has a very inviting demeanor and a very steady hand. I couldn't even feel her applying the lashes on my own. She's that good. Also, I fell asleep several times during the 2 hour appointment. I must have been very comfortable as 1) It's usually difficult for me to fall asleep anywhere at any time and 2) I never fall asleep when I get massages. Hats off to Bilyana for making the whole procedure enjoyable and fun.I'm going back today to get a fill and am looking forward to a nice nap. =)
5	Bilyana just do THE perfect job. She's is soo Great and so nice too.I have a long experience with my Lash . And most of the girls who do lashes , just don't know how to do it. I'm Extremely picky about who gonna touch my Lashes, hair , skin , and such .. And she is just the perfect one .Love my Lashes!
5	Bili is a true master and professional in eyelash extensions.  She takes pride in her work and she really takes the time to educate you on the whole process and especially guides you on how to prolong your extensions.  I love my lashes; I've already received several compliments on how natural & beautiful my lashes look.  They feel and look natural!
5	Bilyana is such a sweetheart and honestly is an expert at what she does. She takes her time yet works fast and always leaves you feeling elated and beautiful. 5 stars.
5	While I don't often indulge in the luxury of lash extensions when I do it's ALWAYS going to be Biliyana!  Not only does she has a beautiful vision for your lashes  I trust her knowledge of skin and lash health.  She's 1 of the only estheticians certified by Xtreme Lash in Nevada (Kim Kardashian uses their extensions and technicians too!).  She has a very gentle touch where other techs I've tried were noticably rougher.  I love Biliyana!
5	I recently moved to Las Vegas...  tried some place for lashes and it was an epic fail.  I looked for Xtreme lashes in the area and found Bilyana!!  She truly is a master at what she does. She is very professional and I couldn't be happier with my lashes.  I love them!  It's been weeks! And they still look absolutely perfect.
5	Where to start?!Bilyana responds to appointment requests promptly, is always perfectly on time, and has never had a scheduling conflict. Her studio makes you feel like you're in a spa - very peaceful and professional.Her products and work are absolutely the best out there. She is so knowledgeable about everything she does (lashes, facials, and waxing) and not only that, but she is so passionate about the perfection she achieves with every appointment.And, ok, this is a little crazy - but I actually FLY IN from Oregon to see her. I lived in Vegas for a short time, luckily stumbled across Bilyana in a salon, and have remained her loyal client even after moving back home to Oregon. She even got me to try someone else local for me because she felt bad about my time and energy to go see her. I reluctantly went, and one appt with someone else was all it took for me to never make that mistake again.To be honest, this all sounds a bit silly here, right? I mean, we're talking about EYELASHES. It's a little ridiculous. BUT not really, when you compare how much of a headache they can be for you if it's not done well. Well, with Bilyana everything is taken care of. Everything is perfect, and you literally couldn't ask for more. She's a dedicated professional, and it speaks for itself. I even get compliments from other girls who have lashes from elsewhere.Bilyana also just  happens to be a very caring, sweet, talented, and hilarious person to boot, which is really just icing on the cake. And despite her being the best, her rates are also very reasonable and competitive.Bilyana kicks ass.
