5	Dr. Lee and the staff are welcoming, friendly, honest, and sincere. They are skilled at what they do and will work with you. They are able to detect areas of concern before it gets out of control. It's easy to get in to see Dr. Lee with his varied schedule throughout the week that accommodates for individuals with busy schedules. The experience they provide is by far the best I have had with dentistry.
5	I haven't had this great of an experience at the dentist in years!  Dr Lee made my procedure painless and really tried to work with me and my budget.  Not only is he a great dentist, but his office is in a great location, right off Loop 202 and/or the 101.  I HIGHLY recommend!
5	Great Dentist and Staff! I'm terrified of dentist from past bad experiences.  Not only does Dr. Lee make me feel comfortable his staff is great also. Went in to have a tooth pulled and was so scared. I was sweating and shaking. Instead of getting frustrated like some dentist I seen, Dr Lee took his time in explaining the procedure and making sure I was comfortable. Dawn one of his assistants was also great. She ensured how I felt was normal, she talked to me to get my mind off of things. Even let my husband come back to hold my hand. :) During the procedure Dawn held my other hand gently and told me I was doing great, she would get a napkin and wipe the sweat off my forehead and say good job. I have never experienced that kind of great bedside manner. They were great! The compassion, and work they show is off the charts. I highly recommend them. The procedure was very quick and painless. Dr. even called next day to see how I was doing and if I had any concerns!! I don't think it can get any better than that. My kids go to him also and love him and staff. When my daughter needed a root canal he also worked and got her in to see an endodontist the same day cause she was in so much pain. Like I said Great Service!
5	The friendliest staff anywhere. I'm not one to bother Yelping about a dentist, but they're the exception. Great office, highly recommend.
5	I've been a patient of Dr David Matter for over ten years, putting up with a twenty-plus minute drive since moving from Gilbert to Chandler.  I didn't enjoy the drive, but I really liked him, so my eye never wandered... until one day a fancy mailer caught my eye.  I recall seeing the phrase "paraffin wax", and baby, that's all she wrote.After walking into the unassuming office, which faces Alma School (you'll park on the opposite side of the building), I excitedly anticipated which part of my anatomy would be waxed.  The office is adjacent to a colon hydro-therapy business, so I really didn't know what to expect.Mesha greeted me, and suggested I take a seat.  After blurting out something about spa treatments, she summoned Dawnie, who I immediately took a shine to.  She was utterly charming, referring to moi as "sugar" and "honey".  Where's the tip jar, cuz daddy's ready to slap it down!After being ushered to one of their "relaxation rooms", and seeing an ultra-modern massage chair, I shifted focus to Dawnie and let out an "Oh Mama!".  She coaxed my shoes off, and had me dip my paws into a crock pot of translucent wonder.  First the palms, then the backsides.  Each hand was bagged and summarily placed into a soft mitten.I was led to the chair, which had foot massage apparatus, which I have never seen before.  Asking for a photo, I realized my camera was tucked into my front pocket.  Dawnie, realizing I was about to try and stuff my baker-sized oven mitt in my jeans, offered to take the photo and text it to me.  The massage chair was activated, and I spent the next 15 minutes in Pamper-ville.Tessa, my hygienist, came to fetch me.  She even carried my clod hoppers to the cleaning room.  Total sweetheart.  After completing the cleaning, I had the pleasure of meeting Dr Caryn Lee.  The whole experience was one pretty woman after another.I love ya Dr Madder, but these breezies got me on lock.ps. They have the ability to mold your crown in-house, same day, so NO TEMPORARIES!!!  YAY!
5	This place is amazing! I have never had such a great experience at the dentist. The small touches like pink filling paper and decor of the office makes it even better. The staff there was so nice and made me feel so comfortable. They showered me in compliments and I left feeling better than I did before I came in. I would recommend them to everyone.
