4	Overall a pretty relaxed atmosphere for drinking and/or eating. Mostly an older crowd (+35), but the occasional table of college kids hanging out during the late hours. Decent selection of beer on tap, & wide selection of bottled beer, wine, & liquor. The alcohol specials aren't anything too special & really doesn't provide a reason to visit if solely looking for specials. Plus, they've recently raised their prices & now have about the same prices as Sammy's, which I don't think bodes well for business. Also, Bentley's & Sammy's actually have daily specials that give people a reason to go there & drink.The menu could use an upgrade, but if looking for some average bar food then this should fit your needs. From pizza, to sandwiches, to fried foods, it has all the typical bar specialties, but def could use some spicing up to draw more of a dinner crowd.Overall, the wait staff makes you feel at home & it is a good place to relax and have a few drinks with friends.
3	The food is always good here.  You taste the specials and you know there is talent behind the food. Wished they ran lunch specials every day.  Drinks are stiff, service is good.  Great mixture of food, drink and service
3	We've never been here when there is much life in this place, but i still kind of like it. Whenever we are there, it feels more like a hangout for a few folks to have a drink at the bar, but they have ample space to be a full-fledged restaurant. The most spacious, spread out dining area in Belmont it seems. i just need to go at a better time when there is a crowd here (assuming that time exist) to get a true feel for them. There are a few paintings on the wall that contrast the drab overall feel at night. We have enjoyed their Chicken Jalapeno Dip twice now. Pretty tasty and pretty filling for two people. We split that with an entree and left full. Their Facebook page said something about a new tv and game room, it must have been in the back because we were watching sports on an antique television over the bar. They did have $1 Budweiser cans when we were there and Southern Tier on draft. Seems to be something on special most days.
2	Get your wallet ready, the prices are crazy high!
4	Bar foodDecent bar food though.Waitress was niceBeer was cold Cool paintings and artAtmosphere was warm and non pretentious
2	Here for trivia night on Tuesday night. Love me some Christina but they are way under staffed. It took almost an hour to get out food. Good food but this is ridiculous.  We had to go to the bar to order drinks. They need to get some help in here or people will stop coming!
4	Service has improved and the food is good
1	I'm not one to complain, and I am not a picky eater, but that was undoubtedly the worst meal I have ever had. For eggs Benedict that came out over 30 minutes after ordering it, I would've expected it to at least be edible. The hollandaise sauce was sour and had a horrible vinegar taste to it. The only decent part of the meal was the potatoes, which were just roasted with salt and pepper. Definitely will not be returning for food.
