4	After reading an interesting article on this new brewery opening in Lawrenceville, I was pretty stoked.  I love to support local businesses.  I love to taste new beers.  When I can do both at the same time, how can I say no?  Besides, I was planning a day in Lawrenceville the day after Roundabout opened anyway.It turned out to be one perfect day.  It started with meeting a good friend for lunch at Barb's Country Kitchen where I had the lunch special (hot roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravy).  We then made our way to Arsenal Cider for some long overdue growler refills.  I was in tears over their bubbly Ramrod Rhubarb (11.5%ABV!).  We enjoyed a glass or two before heading to Allegheny Cemetery for Doo Dah Days (the reason we were in Lawrenceville to begin with) for some great entertainment and a trolley tour through the cemetery.  As we got off the trolley and started wandering around talking about our next stop, I looked across Butler Street and saw it, Roundabout Brewery.  We darted across the street and wandered inside.I was surprised at the number of people there...which, around 3:30pm on Saturday was apparently nothing compared to the line they had out the door the day before for their grand opening.  I was happy to hear what the brewers had to say and taste their offerings.  I enjoy hearing local brewers talk about their process and passion for creating craft beers.  I don't know if it necessarily adds to the flavor, but it doesn't hurt knowing the story behind the growler.  I didn't try everything on tap, but I did enjoy the Black Possom and Ginga Wheat.  I debated back and forth whether or not to even get a growler and then debated what to fill it up with.  I eventually decided on the Ginga Wheat.  Definitely my favorite, made with local honey.  Growler itself is $4, beer inside is $13.  But as of now you can take any growler and Roundabout will fill it with their beer.  (My understanding is the growler has to show the name and address of the brewery that filled it so if you take an outside growler to Roundabout, they will happily fill it but will have to put one of their stickers on it as well.)I deducted one star only because I see potential in the space they occupy and I read they have plans to renovate the store front so guests can enjoy a pint inside (or maybe even outside) and may eventually offer food.  I await their next step.  Until then, I'll just keep refilling my growler.  It's great to have a new local brewery in Pittsburgh.  Dyana and Steve have taken an inspiring yet roundabout way to get here, but I sure am glad they did.
4	Love it! Located in Central Larryville, this new hometown brewery is a great addition to the neighborhood! Finally made my first trip for a growler refill this week, and I realize that having the beer be so yummy and within walking distance of my house is bad news for my wallet but great news for my taste buds.They have about 5 different brews on tap, and growler refills are 13 bones (a growler equals about 4 pints). You can bring your own growler or buy one there. They also sell half-growlers.@Curtis G and I enjoyed a growler of the Ginga Wheat, a refreshing, light beer, perfect for summer. I'm anticipating weekly or even biweekly trips for more! Added bonus for the time being since they are only offering tastings and growler refills; dog-friendly! This adds some extra motivation to take my pup for his evening walk.I'm happy Roundabout is here, and I look forward to watching them grow.
5	Excellent beer at this newly opened brewery in Lawrenceville.  They serve a few distinctive brews including a great summer Saison, an amber wheat with banana and clove, a wheat beer with pressed ginger, lemon, and honey.  The owner is a down to earth guy.  The prices are reasonable 4$ for the growler about 13$ for a full growler pour.  They also serve half growlers which is great.  They have plans of making a brew pub to enjoy their beer but for now they just do growlers. It's a great local brewery and I highly recommend it.
5	For a newly started brewery, Roundabout has its act together...  guess that's to be expected from a brewmaster who's traveled the world and just rolled off an extremely successful stint at Church Brew Works (Brewpub of the Year anyone?).Roundabout's brews definitely hit a lot of unique spaces.  Ginger beers, hoppy APA's, etc.  All of which are well executed (abeit maybe a little disjoint from one another).I highly recommend the Hy-Pa and the Saison (if they has it in stock).  As a bonus, they'll accept your growlers from other breweries (they just have to add a tag with their name on it).  It's nice to not have to add to the never-ending collection of growlers I'm building for once!
5	I can't think of a single bad thing to say about Roundabout.  To start, they brew phenomenal beer, and do a great job of providing a variety of styles.  Having moved from the West Coast, it's great to see that influence in their beers, from the extensive use of California Common yeast to the first excellent IPA I've tried from Western PA.  The Black Possum and Saison were big hits as well.  They only offer growler sales for now, but prices are very reasonable ($13 for most), as well as half growlers, and you can bring your own.  Every time I've visited I've had a beer in mind, but have ended up trying the entire lineup.  Steve was also incredibly friendly and had tons of brewing knowledge to share...it's a shame they can't sell pints, or I'd spend a lot more time there.
5	When I travel to visit friends I always bring local brews with me to try and convince them all to move to PGH. Recently, in addition to my two growlers of Arsenal Cider, I decided to stop by Roundabout and give it a try.The owners were incredibly helpful and friendly. They gave me samples of all the beers on tap, and gave me information on all of them. It wasn't "Oh, this is an IPA..." it was "These are the hops we use, and this is why we use them...you should be able to taste this flavor.." Actual information, and you could tell how knowledgeable they are and how much pride they take in their beer. I had a difficult time deciding what to take with me, because they were all delicious, but I ended up with a growler of the Hy-PA (which was a floral hoppy Pale Ale), and the Black Possum (an awesome stout- and I'm not even a huge stout fan). Both were huge hits with my friends, and I can't wait to go back!Bonus- growlers are super reasonably priced.
5	Awesome beers, easy in and out, learned a bit and walked away with a really nice and reasonably priced growler.When I was there, they only had three beers to choose from, but luckily 2 out of the 3 gave me a really hard choice to make!  The first was a Belgian strong ale which took me back at how good it was, but I ended up walking away with a fantastic pumpkin stout - it's likely to go away soon and it so far has been my favorite seasonal beer I've had this year.  Excellent beer, reasonable prices, knowledgeable and friendly staff.  Just go here and get your beer already.
4	Very nice place - get in, chat a bit, try the  available beers, get a very reasonably priced growler, leave. Swift, easy, convenient!They had 3 beers on tap, a spicy stout, an IPA, and a german weiss. I did not like the stout - too much like candy. The two other beers were quite good. There was a constant flow of customers (but no wait), so people like what they get.I'll be back
4	A great place to try some experimental beer, chat about beer, and fill up a growler to go. (Roundabout also sells standard size and small growlers). They value using fresh ingredients and serving the beer as freshly as possible; the freshness level is quite comparable to cask ales.The do not serve pints yet but intend on opening a brewpub which serves food and beers by the pint.As for the beers, the Hyer IPA is outstanding. It has me very excited to come back for the Strong Belgian ale once the brewmaster thinks the barrels of aged well.
4	Two words: milk stout. Wait. Three words: milk stout deliciousness! I've been dreaming about it ever since I had my first sip of their beer! I'm not a beer expert but I'd say I can tell the difference between an amateur and professional brewer and these guys know what they're doing. Or should I say, husband and wife team! They sell growlers right now. You can't grab a glass, but you can sample to your hearts content! I like that they carry two different sizes of growlers so you don't have to commit to the larger one.Stop in soon! You will not regret it... And you'll probably leave with some quality beer!
5	We have yet to have a beer we did not like. Each beer is unique with a complex flavor. We love the mini growlers. A must try for beer enthusiasts!
5	So nice to have them right down the street. Have really enjoyed exploring new beers from them. Have had black possum, jacked up lantern stout, Weiss, gui, and pacific ring ipa so far. The owners are super nice. Real enjoyable to talk to and naturally they know their stuff. Drug a friend from New Zealand in to talk to them for a while! They refill growlers from other breweries now too.
5	I stopped by here this past Sunday morning with my fiance in order to get a couple of growlers to go.  Honestly I have been wanting to stop here for quite a while but it didn't make sense to until I had use for a growler since that is the only way to get a beer here.  The outside of this shop is quite inconspicuous and if you didn't know that they were there then you might easily drive past it on Butler street.  Once inside though the place is nice with a large front room and then a slightly smaller adjacent room where the taps and cash register are.  The Sunday that we went, we arrived shortly after they opened and so my fiance and I were the only two people in the store.  The brewery's worker was very kind to us and talked a little bit about beer with us while we sampled each of their 4 beers on tap.  They had a Pacific Ring IPA, a cranberry wheat, a coffee stout and finally a winter warmer.  I also noticed on their chalkboard that they had a new IPA coming soon and the worker confirmed that they make a new IPA about every four weeks which I think is nice.  In the end we ended up leaving the Roundabout Brewery with a 64 oz. Growler of the IPA and a 32 oz Growler of the Wheat.  The prices for the growlers were pretty good at $3 and $4 respectively.The bottom line for me is that I will head back here again in the future.  I liked that we were able to taste some good beer and talk to the worker at the same time while buying some reasonably priced beer.  I can only hope that in the future they are able to sell beers by the pint as I think they have a good product and also the perfect space in their front room for a bar.
4	Stopped in for a quick visit after lunch this afternoon to try some new beers.  Looks like they have a rotating tap menu for you to taste.  The beers are pretty interesting, if a bit hoppy / strong for my taste.  I ended up buying a growler of a strong Belgian golden ale to take home... that was my favorite of their offerings.Some places are snooty about filling other people's growlers, but not so at Roundabout.  Wish I would had known that before I stopped in... could have saved myself a few bucks.
4	A terrific newcomer to the Pittsburgh microbrewery scene. Their ginga wheat in summer and winter warmer (in winter, obviously) have been two of my favorite beers of the past year.The only reason I'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is that they could stand to bump up their staff, especially on weekends when it can take a while to get a taste and get a growler filled. But really, 4 1/2 stars would be more appropriate. Terrific, original, exciting beer that isn't in the standard hop-head mold.
5	Went in for a tasting and all four of the beers they had on tap were amazing. Really friendly people too.  In fact they inspired me to start homebrewing again after a half-year hiatus and gave me the great idea to try a kiwi sour wheat ale. I eventually had to choose two growlers and I went with their Winter Warmer  and Cherry Wheat. Can't wait to see what they brew up next!
5	Another 5 star review from me for a local brewery? Yep, and another clearly earned. I'm not that easy. But I admit I'm a huge fan of the craft beer community in Pittsburgh and am happy to support them all. Our tasting day in Lawrenceville brought us with clear intent to Roundabout. A great space with a most welcome neon orange sign on the door indicating a pending application for their pub license which will enable them to sell pints and become a true craft beer destination. Until then we must content ourselves with samples and take away growlers. Since they informed me they have no intention to be distributed via kegs to local bars a visit to 49th and Butler will be required to savor some of this delicious craft brew. And it is terrific beer. We started with some amber ale which was quite good even though I'm more of an IPA drinker.  Their HY-PA was an interesting session type beer that reminded me somewhat of Founders All Day IPA. Very good!  The surprise for me was the New Zealand summer winter warmer,  which had the characteristics of a double IPA (7.2%) and a rich malty flavor. This was my favorite!! Highly recommended. And their strong Belgian, Beelzebubba, was a classic Belgian ale in both color and taste. Loved it!The owners are welcoming and anxious to talk about their beer, their plans, and their experiences. Just a great place with great people. Can't wait till they start selling pints!! In the meantime, go! A local treasure for sure!!!
4	Mighty fine beer from a new start-up.   This is a tasting room - no food, no seats but you can fill up your growler or buy one there.  The couple who runs it has whole lot of knowledge and experience under their belts.  They are working to give their Ginga beer (a ginger wheat style) more bite.  I'll return for that alone!
2	Our first visit was so great that we brought friends and family for our 2nd visit. Unfortunately, the 2nd time around was not as pleasant. The owner was not friendly at all, he was very condescending and he wasn't happy to talk about his beers. In my opinion, he did not do a good job of selling his product or showing customer appreciation.I would give some of his beers 3.5 stars and some of them 4 stars. He makes good beer but who want's to buy and support people like him. My advise would be to let your wife work the taps (since she made our first visit great) and you should stay in the back and brew.I was embarrassed that I talked it up so much and it turned out to be such an unpleasant experience for my friends and family. There are plenty of other local brewing around to support, so none of us will be coming back here again.
5	Great beers. Well balanced and lots of flavor. Loved the hy-pa. Typically, I really don't care for wheat beers, but their ginger wheat was delicious.
5	Love their beer.  They produce the most consistent small shop craft beer in pittsburgh.  I may not be a fan of every style produced but I can appreciate the beer.  They are now selling pints so you can enjoy your favorite in house.  Try their barrel aged stout if it is on tap, it is quite excellent
5	Yet another entry in Pittsburgh's growing list of very good, local breweries. Flavorful, reasonably priced, and local, Roundabout is well worth trip up Butler Street from Downtown/Strip/North Shore/etc. Pittsburgh. The Ginger Wit was exceptional, the Amber a very nice entry into the style, and the other two Wits - Blueberry and standard - solid. The only weak entry was the brown ale, and it wasn't bad per se, just ... okay.Our service was fast and friendly and, as noted, it was all reasonably priced. Go there.
5	Such a friendly, welcoming little brewery to grab a drink and take home some growlers.  They always have a great selection to choose from and we have a great time while visiting with owner and staff.
5	I apologize for not giving this place a five star rating sooner. I waited far too long to visit this little slice of beer paradise. First, I live in the east end so it was a pleasant bike ride down into Lawrenceville and I was very happy to see a red bike rack waiting for us when we arrived. The location is perfect and it was very easy to find the Roundabout Brewery logo posted door. We walked in and were served immediately. The couple (owners?) that were working were very kind and confident enough in their own product to also speak positively about other local breweries. We both opted for the 5x 5oz. beer flight for $10 and grabbed a serving of cheese and crackers to accompany the brews.Second, the Beers: Rusted Route: Amber ale with sweet caramel aroma. It was very good and the 5oz. serving left me wanting more...Ginga Wheat: American wheat beer with fresh ginger, local honey and lemon. This beer was delicious and if you are creative, you might entertain the idea of making a Moscow Mule using Ginga Wheat in lieu of Ginger Beer. The Ginga Wheat is much more subtle and would make for a drier taste for that summer drink. Mandarina Steam: fermented with a lager yeast at ale temperature, similar to pale ale, hoped with Mandarina hops.Pacific Ring IPA: Cascade and Nelson Sauvin hops give this IPA hints of grapefruit and tropical fruit flavors. After the Ginga Wheat, this was my second favorite. When I go back I will definitely get a growler of each.Berliner Weisse: Sour German beer.Third, this place is definitely kid friendly as when we arrived there were two different couples with young children. That is a definitely a plus.Finally, unlike some other breweries around Pittsburgh, there is a degree of humility and authenticity that makes you feel welcome when you walk in the door. The absence of pretentious brew masters and wanna be hipster servers will make you gravitate towards their brewery any time you happen to drive through Lawrenceville.
5	Really cute little place off the beaten path in Larryville. We stopped in for a ladies' night out for a sort of bachelorette party. Very accommodating to our laughter and bit of loudness. The beer is damn good. I tried the Ferdl weiss--very nice but not what I was in the mood for that night. Ended up with IPA which had a nice hoppy bite to it and almost a buttery taste at the end?? I don't know exactly how to explain it, but it was was like a bite of the hops and a kiss to smooth it over. I think it's a nice summer IPA. Very reasonably priced. The service was great and she even took some picture of the group for us. We'll all be back.
4	Interesting little place with some OK beers. Husband and wife running things and both were very nice. Could have lived without the customer's baby but people are generally stupid. Good starter.
3	Small and friendly, seems like a local neighborhood crowd.  The beer is great for what they have, about 5 taps.  Kind of a production brewery feel dive vibe.  Not really a restaurant, but they do have some sort of food available.  If you just want a good beer, not much else to offer its worth a stop.  They make some of the better beer in the Pitt area.  Don't expect much more than a beer though, it's just a small white room.
5	Visiting Roundabout is one of my favorite traditions when visiting family in Pittsburgh. My girlfriend is a Kiwi and made fast friends with the owner, who lived in New Zealand for ages. I really appreciate their use of NZ Nelson Sauvin hops, as well as their creative takes on standard beer styles. I think Roundabout has done well with making experimental beers with finesse, which is something many breweries really lack with over-the-top, unbalanced flavors. They have a limited tap selection that changes with the seasons/availability, but there's something for most beer drinkers. Their meat pies are another Kiwi delicacy. For those unfamiliar, think of it as a snazzy, gourmet hot pocket or like a shepherds pie crammed into a turnover. Really basic, kinda plain flavor, but that's all very true to the Kiwi tradition. It's good for a hearty snack, but maybe not satisfying as a meal on its own. I can't wait to go back next time I visit PGH!
5	Another great new microbrewery in the Pittsburgh area!  They let you sample any of their beers and they also have flights, pints, growlers, etc.  I had a couple of samples then a flight of beer and enjoyed all of them.  They have a nice tasting room area with some tables by a sunny window, though the seating by the bar is rather dark in contrast.  They only have a couple of food options, but they make these delicious New Zealand style meat pies.  The service was also very friendly and efficient.
5	They've earned the extra star!  And I've apparently become a regular as I am now greeted by name.  Roundabout now serves pints and they have a few bar seats and tables that often get crowded during tasting hours.  They also now offer rounders (32 oz) as well as the regular growlers (64 oz).  If you've been to Roundabout and enjoy their beers, I recommend signing up for their mailing list.  It lets you know what they're up to and what's new every week.  I've never been disappointed.
