1	Disappointed. That sums up my two experiences with this Dunkin' Donuts. This location is right around the corner from my house. We are not  donut connoisseurs or food snobs so our expectations are pretty fair and reasonable. We usually buy donuts from Walmart or Albertsons but will make a trip out to Krispy Kreme on occasion. We are big junk food eaters though so when my wife and I first heard a Dunkin' Donuts was going into the shopping plaza we were very excited. The day it opened there was some buzz in our neighborhood and within a few days we stopped in with the family.My first thought was disappointment in the variety and selection. Years ago when I use to visit a different Dunkin' Donuts on a semi-regular basis I really enjoyed all the different types of donuts from jelly and kreme filled to glazed and chocolate cake. They didnt have chocolate or bavarian kreme filled. None of the chocolate covered cake donuts. Frankly the selection is much better at the Super Walmart down the road.We quickly picked a dozen donuts and headed home eager to dig in. Again, we were only disappointed. The vanilla kreme filled donuts were incredibly skimpy on filling. The glazed donuts were dense and not light and fluffy. Two days later we ended up throwing away 4 left over donuts and that has NEVER happened in this house.The second trip was nearly identical. We were disappointed by the selection and the taste/quality was an even bigger disappointment. I can only assume they must be trying to cut costs by being so skimpy with the donut filling. In passing conversations with others in our neighborhood they've expressed similar experiences. We will not be returning for a third trip. Its back to Walmart and Albertson's donuts until Krispy Kreme builds a store a little closer to our house. Shame on Dunkin' Donuts for being so cheap at the expense of its quality.
3	Rather disappointing place to be honest. Everytime I have been here, the employees have been rude, or unpleasant to deal with. The donuts are nothing to brag about in any way. The location also has a poor amount of room indoors so it can get crowded very fast.
2	Wow. Those employees are not very friendly. I wouldn't go to that Dunkin Donuts unless you had to. I would find some other place to get your breakfast.
4	I really thought drive-thrus were supposed to get you in and out fast.  Well...not so fast here.  But I did enjoy a large iced cinammon latte.  Yummers.  I ordered a few donuts to take to work.  The gal working the drive-thru must have been confused because she only charged me for my donuts, then another employee asked "didn't you order a latte?"  I said yes, so then I had to wait for my latte and pay again.  Not so fast but loved the latte!!!
3	I really hope the management pays attention to these ratings!! EVERYTIME I go to thIs DD I get the wrong coffee order because the kids inside are screwing around. I love the coffee but how hard is it to mark the boxes on the cup? I simply order a black hot coffee with vanilla but I always get something different. Disappointed.
1	Stopped here to get donuts service was horrible and you can get fresher donuts at the Quick Trips.  Really disappointed !
3	These guys just don't make donuts like Dunkin back east. However, the COFFEE is still the best.
4	Good cheep coffee! And the donuts...its Dunkin C'mon they're awesome. Staff is very nice and the line usually moves fast. They always get my order right, too. So much better than some of the other Dunkins in town :)
5	Best coffee ever!!!Add cream & sugar to make it even better!!!
2	1 1/2 stars, Dunkin Donuts donut's are gross. They are dry. Sometime they are good..but not usually. If you want good donuts go to Krispy Kreme. You'll be satisfied. :)
2	It is unfortunate that this location is closest to me :( The service is not pleasant anymore.  When I first started visiting this Gilbert location- the staff was really nice & would offer dog biscuits to my puppy each visit. This hasn't been the case for awhile now.  My puppy is never offered dog biscuits anymore so he is totally over this place.  As for me, I expect better service at the register & drive-thru.  Employees that I have encountered are grouchy & not very friendly.  Boo!  Hopefully Dunkin Donuts will hire sunnier people for morning shifts and people that don't turn off the ovens over 30 minutes before closing!!  Just a thought...
3	The donuts are hit and miss, but when they're a hit, they are oh-so-good.  The coffee is tasty and a great deal.  The service is fine; nothing has ever really stood out as especially good or bad.
4	Wow.  Just so glad I can talk about great customer service when I find it.  Left my wallet at this place yesterday.  Discovered the problem this morning and made a call.  The female person with whom I spoke said she checked all over but it wasn't there.  Not deterred, I stopped by a couple hours later.  A tall young man found it shoved up on a shelf.  I'm assuming the first person must have been a short female like me!  Anyway, everything was intact and I am SO grateful!!!  People of integrity in addition to great donuts and my favorite coffee.  Thanks, guys!!!!!
2	Decent reliable coffee/food- after all, it's a chain, and you can expect at least some kind of consistency.However, the service here is just really poor.  The people are nice, but they're just not trained and managed very well.  About 50% of the time, they get something in the order wrong, and they don't do a good job of instilling much confidence when ordering (they'll repeat the wrong order back, or they'll ask you to repeat the order a few times, or they won't even repeat the order back to you), so you never feel confident that you're getting the right thing.  And that's unfortunate when you're getting coffee- likely on the go with not a lot of time to go back and recheck/reorder.
5	Tonight we took the kids to Dunkin Donuts for a cub scout event organized by their pack. I knew they were taking a tour, but the kids loved icing and decorating their own donuts. All the employees were really nice and had a lot of patience with the kids. We really appreciate businesses that do things for kids like this. They had a great time.
4	I really like this location.  I manage an apartment community and offer donuts and coffee to residents leaving for work, early in the morning.  I always call in my orders the day before and let them know what time I will be in to pick up my order as I have to drive to Tempe and get set up by 7:30 am.  I have used 2 other locations, 3 times and each time I waited.  And waited.  And waited.  After waiting an additional 20 minutes for my order to be completed, 10 minutes before I had to be at work and ready to go, I decided the locations I had tried were done.  I found this location, close to my house, and decided I had nothing to lose based on past experience.  While the people who have taken my order the last two times did have me repeat it, it was no problem.  I showed up when I said I was and my things were ready to go, in bags, and waiting for ME.  Hallelujah.  I'll continue to use this location for my to go orders and probably grab a donut for myself on the way out.
3	I live close to this location and go at least 3 times a month.  More often then not, items are missing from the bag and I have to go back in and request them.  They never seem to apologize for forgetting some of my food.  They have really friendly employees but I think more training would be very beneficial, otherwise, I may have to start going to the Arizona Ave/Warner location.
5	Wow, I tried Dunkin as a tourist. (Californian)Ordered a coffee and it was too sweet. The lady fixed it within seconds and off I went from the drive through!! She was amazing!
5	I love coming here in the morning.  Typically, I use the drive thru. Great customer service - always very nice and polite.  The Dunkin App earns you lots of free coffee! If the Cardinals win, you get a free medium iced or hot coffee! During the summer they also do a 99cent coffee or iced coffee for a few months.
