2	I just placed a to go order (Fried Cheese Melt) here and the hostess told me it'd be ready in 6 minutes.  I give them an extra 10 minutes before i walk in there to pick it up.  I immediately noticed the dirty carpet I was walking on and that old casino smell.  When I payed for my order I thought I'd be zooming right outta there, but no, the hostess is just now preparing my bag.  I'd understand if it was busy. But it wasn't!  Poor service, 2 stars for the food still being good. Hehehe!!P.S. This place isn't closed at all.
4	Really good service. We sat at counter. Waitress was fast and nice. Off the strip at Vegas
4	My wife and I stopped here while on a trip to Las Vegas. We were seated quickly and handed our menus. Our waitress, BJ, was excellent. She was quick, efficient and always with a smile.As this is a national chain, you know the food is basically going to be the same from one Denny's and the next. We tried the cheeseburger flat-bread appetizer and really enjoyed it.This facility is older and can use new carpeting but the service far makes up for it.
1	First clue:  When you walk in the door, it smells like a hot Mumbai afternoon.Second clue:  Accosted by beggars looking for leftover biscuits and gravy.Third clue:  Three sets of utensils later, and still nothing without fake egg caked on it.Fourth clue:  The food.I actually liked Denny's too.  Franchisees completed ruined most of them though.  AVOID.
4	they were the best, service was great, and the manager came around and ask how we was doing, that made it even better. keep up the great service we will be going back soon.
4	My wife and I come here often and as always the customer service is good as well as the food. Service is usually quick and we never really had problems with our order. The restaurant could use some updating you can tell its been here for a long time
5	No complaints here! I've been to a many Denny's restaurants, and this one was great! Our food was delicious and the chef was quick at cooking it! Our waitress was Melody! Thank you guys for great service!
5	Awesome service...food was good...funny I was at a restaurant the night before where it cost me 140.00 for dinner and the service sucked badly. Ok its dennys its not gourmet,but frankly it was as I expected and the service was 5 star...
5	Came in for a Saturday morning meal after 2 days of hospital food during our stay at sunrise hospital after our daughter Emmalynn was born. The place was decorated with lots of saint Patricks day decor and it's not even march yet , but I find this nice because it shows the employees have pride in their work place. The hostess greeted me immediately and I ask to sit at the counter. The waitress was very friendly and took my order very quickly. I was sitting next to two gentlemen that appeared to be regulars. The waitress knew them by name and they seemed to feel right at home. My food came quickly and was cooked perfectly. This place has that cozy mom and pop cafe feel even though it is a large chain.
5	My wife and I needed a fast restaurant for breakfast after s an early morning appointment. We were not looking for gourmet but we did need it to be clean and quick. We were passing a Denny's. It was exactly what we needed. What server came by almost immediately and provided the desperately needed coffee. We each got a senior fit fare omelette made with egg whites. Each of us found the omelette to be delicious. It was filled with veggies and an appropriate amount of cheese. Neither of us could finish the omelette because it was so large. Next time I would consider getting one for the two of us. And the total bill came to just over $10 a head counting the cost of the coffee and the tip. Highly recommended for breakfast.
2	Typical Denny's, decent food, slow service. This one has a really nice meeting room. I came as a guest of one of the Toastmasters clubs that meets here. Linda, our waitress, would do much better in tips if she wasn't so surly and maybe tried to smile. We were the only patrons at that time, yet it was like pulling crocodile teeth to get coffee in the first place and refills thereafter. When I asked for a menu, she shouted from across the room, "There's a whole bunch of them right here," then gave me a look like I was an imbecile for not knowing that the waitress couldn't lower herself to bring menus to the customers' tables. Silly me, I just assumed, given that's how it's been done at every Denny's I've been to since...well...ever. She made me feel like an unwelcome burden. Here's a tip, lady: Ya got one job. As a customer, I'm it. If you can't bother to take care of me and even pretend to be friendly, find another line of work. Maybe something that requires deep sea diving or solitary confinement.PS, the bathroom was an unmitigated pig sty. Neither the paper towel nor soap dispenser worked. It smelled like dirty diapers.
5	I have been a customer of Denny's for many years as a result of my affiliation with Toastmasters. Our club has been blessed to form a wonderful professional partnership with this Denny's Location. Being a member since 2002, I have seen many waitresses, but Linda, our current waitress always takes wonderful care of us. Her knowledge of what everyone wants helps her to keep a timely schedule. Her skill as a waitress seems effortless, but she gets the food to the table on time, the food is hot, she is constant with the coffee pot.  I just couldn't be happier with Linda , and Denny's ... Thank you !
3	So we just arrived at here and we sat for 8min before someone come over to take our drink order. But when someone did it was another waitress name Linda who was so sweet and nice. Our original waitress showed her face about 5min after that. Needless to say linda will be getting the tip.
3	Came here with a big group of people (~15) at around 10p on a Thursday night. We had just finished running with MIP, and were super famished and thirsty. Can't remember the server's name but I would say he and the rest of the staff were very accommodating by putting together tables for us and taking our orders by whose bills were together. The food is what I would imagine a typical diner would be-- not quite the greatest culinary experience of my life, but cheap as heck and open 24/7. I had a Tuscany Superbird, which I suppose was a new addition? The bread was a tad too toasted for me and hurt to bite into lol, but overall not bad especially with a side of seasoned fries! At any other Denny's visit, I usually opt for the $2, $4, $6, $8 menu, but I was feeling "adventurous" lol.
2	Ok, wasn't even going to leave a review, but i feel like this is something people should watch out for.We came in and were seated right away, our waitress  (Linda, I believe) was sweet & totally on top of making sure we were alright, food was good, not the worst Denny's I've been to. Everything was cool up until the end of our meal.My only serious problem was when i went to pay our check. My total was $19. I left two dollars on the table since it was the only cash i had, and i put $2 on my card for the rest of the tip. When I was walking out I noticed that (Lilly, I think) the hostess charged $26 to my card?What?! I wrote in the total on the receipt, $21. She charged me $7 for gratuity. On a $19 tab?I went back in and pointed it out to her & she didnt even seem shocked. Just the dumb "oh, my bad, i thought thats what it said"2....7.... 21....26....? How do you confuse that?I ended up leaving it because I was too annoyed to deal with her & our waitress was super awesome. But still, seriously take a second glance at your receipt after you pay. As for you little hostess, you need to be more careful when handling peoples money. Some people cant afford a $7 tip on a $19 tab.
5	They have big servings and tasty food. The price isn't low but the big servings make it worth it. * Try their red velvet bites (or whatever you call it) get them with ice cream.
1	Well the place is kinda run down and there was a large hole in the vinyl of my seat, but thats not why they got one star. They got one star because my plate was filthy with dried on food. I got the chicken fried steak with broccoli and mashed p. There should be nothing RED on my plate, yet there was dried on marinara (obviously made it through the dish wash machine)....so I spent a few minutes deciding what to do and I move the chicken and there is more dried on food. This was OBVIOUS AND LARGE, I mean how do you pick up a plate to put food on it and NOT NOTICE BRIGHT RED DRIED ON FILTH??? so I set my plate aside and watch my GF eat.  I dont want the food replaced, this has turned my stomach. The waiter comes and takes my plate and assures me it will be taken care of, then the bill comes and nothing is comped except the plate WHICH I DID NOT EAT A BITE FROM. When someone messes up that badly, I expect at least to have my GFs meal, or the drinks comped. Nothing. Next time I will walk out right when that nasty food was served, which was our first intuition. SO THEN, we go to check out and the waiter tells me we cant use our military discount because we already used our discount by returning the disgusting food. This about made my head spin, so I had to argue with him till he miraculously discovered that he could indeed still give us our military discount. Needless to say I will never come back. Had the manager bothered to come address the issue and appologize instead of just glaring at me from across the restaurant I would have given 2 stars. Had the manager comped the meal I would have skipped a negative review. Needless to say, I will never return here.
5	We've eaten at a lot of Denny's across the nation and noted what we like most.  The service makes all the difference and our waiter, Carlos Figueroa, was the happiest and most positive, as well as professional and skilled, individual we've met in awhile.   Besides the breakfast being the great Denny's standard,  we especially enjoyed visiting with Carlos.  He would excel at a high-end restaurant. Stop by and be sure to order the pumpkin pancakes.   Say hello to Carlos for us.
1	No wonder seats arent filled up at this dennys. The waiter was very unhappy and seemed like  he hated his job. Service was bad. Food was very bland. They charged one of my friends wrong. Added an extra  oj to his bill. Never coming here again! !! Stay away. P.s bathrooms had blood on the walls and no toilet paper !!
