4	We had an #evfn here a few weeks back -- when the place was newly opened. The staff was fantastic. The place is clean, very modern and sleek. I'll come back to this place and found the rooms to be outstanding for the price.
3	Loved having the mini-pool table at my disposal, my own private pool, and the elevator always at the ready.  A trifle sad to see all that air-conditioned hipness going to waste on little ol' me.  Got exceptional service though - pool hours extended, late check-out, and ice chest filled for a summertime hike up South Mountain - no snickering included.The decor of the room was space-age coolness with a touch of rock and roll, and the dressing area made me feel as if I were in the suite of a mega jet.  The decorator touches just saved the long hallway from "Shining" creepiness.  To top it all off, Bliss products (however miniaturized)!  Someday the location will be wonderful - I guess it already is for fall football games at Sundevil Stadium, but I got the impression it was along a lake trail and steps from trendy shops.  The river/lake is more like a stagnant green canal, and the shops are a lonely strip mall consisting of In-N-Out, Starbucks, by-the-ounce yogurt, and one or two other fast foods.  All this is surrounded by bare, baking concrete.  Eventually the landscaping will take hold, and this will become the extension of Mill Avenue... then the likes of me will never get on the once lonely pool table...
5	I came here for a networking event with the Tempe Chamber and this place blew me away, just pulling in and knowing they are that close to In N' Out, j/k. Really though, walking in the door and the talent at the front door was very nice and the layout was great, no wasted space. Very clean, everyone was very helpfull. We got to check out a few rooms and talked price with the GM and Wow, thinking I should put my girlfriends mother there to stay, j/k. Their meeting room seemed to be top of the line, loved all the extras that we got to see, would definately recommend this place to anyone that comes in town. Nice central part of town.
5	This place is great for someone who is on their own schedule. It is super user friendly and has food, coffee, and drinks available to you at all times in a kiosk in the lobby. It is very clean and styley and the staff rocks. The beds are huge and comfortable. The rooms are modern and open with large tvs and blinds to knock out the light. I think this is a great stay for a business traveler or someone who is going to be in and out a lot and needs to be able to sleep whenever they want. The pool area is nice but a little small...it is very relaxing and not MTV beach party like you find at the ho or the mondrian. The gym is perfect size with good high quality equipment. I felt like I could do whatever I wanted without having to wait which I loved.
5	Wow. I travel a lot for both business and pleasure, and the Aloft in Tempe has by far the most "modern" hotel room I've ever stayed in. The rooms are comfortable and spotless, with large beds. They have free wireless internet (a first for me as a traveler - most places charge $15+ per day for wireless access), flat-screen wall-mounted TV, modern cordless phones, a cool little box on the desk next to the TV with RCA plugins and other inputs - I assume for the TV - as well as power outlets that are perfect for a laptop. Great soap in the bathroom by Bliss, with mounted soap and shampoo dispensers in the shower.The room also features a mini-fridge that is actually empty and provided for your own personal use -- not loaded with overpriced drinks and candy. You also get a complimentary bottle of water, which is pretty standard for hotels in hot climates, but still nice.The exercise room, which is open 24/7, has brand-new modern equipment -- with video screens that come with virtual trainers... stuff I've never seen before. They also have free-weights and a nice all-in-one weight lifting station. If you like to lift, hotel gyms are usually a disappointment. It's clear that the gym here was more than just an inexpensive afterthought. The lobby has a nice bar with a pool table, and it opens out onto a great patio seating area and a beautiful (small) pool with water-fountains. The staff was great -- friendly, conversational and attentive.I got this room for $99/night and I can't believe what an unbelievable deal it is. I'm an ASU alum and I was looking for a new place to stay when I come to town for games and to visit friends -- this is it. Basically, everywhere I went here, I was totally impressed. I don't normally give hotels 5-star reviews, but Aloft definitely deserves it.
4	Calling all Pac-10 college sports fans! Do you want the perfect place to stay in the Valley of the Sun while your team is playing against Sparky at ASU?Try the Aloft. It's decor is like a hip, trendy, bachelors pad, and their lobby is like a bottle service club or lounge (without the bottle service).It is brand new, just opening in February 2009. Here, when you get hungry, you can go across the street to Inn-n-Out Burger, and after that, go to YogurtLand for Fro-Yo, and what more could you want? Yes, there's a Starbucks within a 1 minute walk. Oh, it is only 1 mile from campus and the Stadium, and close to the Phoenix airport. Aloft is not your father's business hotel. It is designed for the younger, hipper, going-on-my-first-years-of-business-trips-crowd. The rooms are like a city studio dwelling in design; Euro efficiency in space, trendy decor and colors like that modern furniture store in that trendy city neighborhood you hang out in. But be careful, there is no real closet or dresser. Just cubby holes, a curtain to cover your clothes, but no real drawers to hide your drawers!If you have friends visiting, hide your unmentionables in your suitcase. Oh, and the door opens right into the bathroom sink, so when you are nude, brushing your teeth after a shower after 8am, try the deadbolt and lock so the maid doesn't walk in on you butt naked! (Unless she is cute and you're an exhibitionist!) The gym is nice with all new machines, the pool area is like a fancy desert party pad, and the lobby common bar area is like a Vegas lounge, with the bar as the main feature, 4 small TV screens, and a pool table to shoot around on. Aloft is exactly like Elements, the other new hip, trendy chain from Starwood.. Aloft is the new younger demo chain for W Hotels, and Elements is almost exactly the same and is the younger., hipper chain for Westin. They are all owned by Starwood hotels, ergo the similarities. But don't expect food. They have snacks, like 7 Eleven or Egg McMuffins; and they offer a free hot drink for Gold and Platinum Starwood frequent guests. Big whoop! (They do have a self serve latte machine). They do offer free WI-Fi though, and free parking here. Neon lights on the sides of the building, too. No charge. Haagan Daz for late nite snacks, too. Pricing is reasonable, in the $100 - $150 range, depending on season, location and availability. Most Alofts are in the east. So far there is only one in California and 2 in Arizona.
4	Aloft's style is interesting and cool--all the touches have that space-age bachelor pad look that is a little bit futuristic, a little bit retro.  The rooms aren't huge but they do the trick--the beds are comfy and the TVs are huge.  The amenities are kind of basic (very very small closets, for example), but all the important stuff is there:  great big flat-screen TV, free wireless access, nice bath products, free bottles of water.  The pool and gym are small but well-accoutred.  The lobby bar is very cool, though I did not patronize it so I can't say more (the people there were so young that it was hard to believe they were of drinking age, so if you're older than 30 you'll likely feel like a senior citizen there).The overall feel is a bit cheap-y; as one other reviewer said, it's kind of like a poor (or at least non-wealthy) man's W Hotel.  The finishes feel like they came from IKEA, which is not bad but not impressive either.  Then again, it's not like you're paying the same price that you would for a luxury hotel, so the cost/quality ratio seems about fair.If I were to come back to Tempe, I'd be happy to stay here again.
1	I have some friends coming into town for a fantasy baseball draft party.  We all hail from Tempe, so we thought we would check out this "cool" new hotel and see whether it would be a decent place to house a couple of our out of town guests..... ummm no, the rooms are a joke!  And then the rest of the scene looks like the classic button-down business hotel trying way too hard to masquerade as being all up in da club.  Overall, I'd say there's some great interior design going on here, but nothing else that I'd want from a hotel (like spacious, comfortable rooms...).  And as for trying to be trendy, I'd agree with the previous reviewer who pointed out that this freeway-meets-strip mall location doesn't seem like the place for hipness.  Maybe if it were within walking distance of restaurants/bars, but this is on the ugly end of the lake with very little going for it.  We chose to save a little cash and go with a more convenient location.***FYI, I probably would have given this two or three stars if not for the need to offset the apparently overzealous fans here.  But still... location, location, location.
3	Stayed here toward the end of the East-to-West Coast drive so we were pretty exhausted. The entire hotel is pretty trendy but very user friendly. The staff was knowledgeable of the area and were very helpful. The room was a little on the small side for what we were expecting but it was very interesting decor (see photo posted of bed/headboard). Ultimately, we would have felt cramped had we spent any amount of time here but it was in a very central location, easy to get in and out and the room was clean and fun for a night.
3	I am a big fan of the Aloft chain and the room and lobby were identical to the ones I have stayed in before. However, this hotel is very close to a busy freeway and my room was facing it. I heard the traffic all night. I could also hear the drive through speaker from the In & Out right across the parking lot. Still, I'd recommend to my fellow yelpers to stay here BUT request a room facing AWAY from the freeway or bring earplugs.This hotel was very convenient for my recruiting trip to ASU and is an easy drive to Ikea and airport.
3	Most reviews of this location are better than mine.  I realize that.  I will give you the pros and cons to this hotel and you can decide from there.  Was this the worst place to stay, no but it was not the best either.  However, if you need or want to be able to walk to ASU or the stadium than this is the ONLY place I would recommend you stay.  That being said.... We stayed here when in town for a bowl game at ASU.  Hotel is walking distance to the stadium, an easy walk also.  This is a cute hotel.  No thrills but in no way a Motel 6 or anything like that.  It is very clean, simple decor, very modern.  Rooms are small.  They are clean as is the bathroom, this is a big plus. Beds are OK, they are not true Westin Heavenly Beds.  They are also a newer hotel.  Friendly service.  Everything is self serve.  I called for additional pillows and was told no problem just had to go down to the front desk to get them.  Food service is all self serve as well and there is a nice assortment of snacks and light fare am and pm. Sandwich type places are across the street too.   However, do not accept a room facing the freeway/In N Out, you can hear the road noise!  Also,   rooms are very stuffy.  Although it was a very cold night, had to run the A/C to breathe and it is a wall unit, very loud and ran off and on all night to hold room temp.  Top it off with the road noise and it was not the best nights sleep.  However, if you bring ear plugs, it may not be an issue.  I give it 3 stars because it was just OK.
4	I stayed here with a group of friends for a 1/2 marathon that we were all registered in.  The room that I had faced the In and Out burger but I didn't hear anything.  The pool area is small but if you want a bit of sun I think the best place is in the small grassy area behind the HUGE wicker chair.  Grab a lawnchair or toss a towel down and enjoy.  The biggest complaint I had was that the Bar didn't open until 5 p.m.  Early, I know but it was my weekend!The room itself was modern and clean. The bathroom was nice, and so were the complimentary magazines.
4	I was en route to a doo wop show in Mesa and had no idea where to stay. One friend told me to stay in Mesa and another was waxing rhapsodic about the Starwood hotel brand, so I chose the Aloft as a decently economical choice. I can best describe the hotel as austere hip. It's the apparent anchor of one of those strip malls that has a nail salon, a fast food place and (thank God) a Starbucks--not that I needed it and, despite a few reviews to the contrary, I could not hear the speaker voice at the fast food place. Everything's loft and module, from the lobby in which the XYZ Bar was sitting at the wall (great wine list) to the "coffee shop," which wasn't one but rather a Horn & Hardart (gad, that dates me) type of vending wall where you could get food (I opted for a breakfast place in Scottsdale). The "front desk" is located at one of those bank table-type--again, modules. The staff was accommodating when I was there--equally young and hip, with the feeling that they're laughing up their sleeve at whatever you're wearing. No big deal--when I couldn't find the iron (everything's located in little hidey-holes around the room--there was a space behind the bed that had the iron on a shelf). The bed was comfy, the shower was great, and most of all , it was clean and quiet. If you're easily amused or stoned, the floor of the elevator consists of panels with some liquid under them, and you can move your feet around and watch the pretty bubbles and patterns, The only problem I had was at checkout, when they seemed to charge me twice for one glass of wine (they may have thought that I was too drunk to remember having ordered a second glass). We straightented it out. If you don't mind being in the middle of nowhere--not a bad area--just nowhere--it's great. Bring your car--Mesa's around 5 minutes away.
5	I stay here every week for work and it keeps getting better.  The hotel is great and the staff is awesome.  The staff is freindly and always looking to help me out with anything I need.  I feel very comfortable here which is huge since this is my home away from home.  The rooms are spacious and include a desk and chair.  All rooms are equipped with fridges which is nice for personal snacks and drinks.  Bonus features are Free WIFI, nice gym, and a hip bar/ lounge area with a pool table.  Overall this is a great hotel, centrally located with easy access to the freeway.
4	I've never actually stayed here, but I frequently grab a drink or meet friends here! They have great "loungy" areas inside and the patio is small, quaint, and comfy. The music always fits my mood, somehow, and the service is very friendly and upbeat. The bar itself is worth the trip - it looks like granite but it changes colors! Call me crazy, but I am so easily distracted whenever I am here. Love it.
4	The aloft is great idea and progression in hotel design. If you are a fan of modern design you should check out this hotel. Plus In-N-Out is across the street and they start serving at 10am, not a bad breakfast after a night on the town!
5	Stayed there for the first time while visiting for work.  I was pleasantly surprised to find all the amenities and style of an expensive hotel at such a competitive price.  I highly recommend it.   While there, I had a unique situation that the entire staff helped resolve.  The professionalism was superb.  Mr. Metgzer and Mr. Watkins went above the call of duty to make sure I was happy.  They alone were reason to return.  It was my first time staying at Aloft in Tempe, I look forward to coming back often.
4	The downside to this hotel is the incredibly loud A/C, which doesn't really keep the temperature of the room at the one you set. Some reviewers complained about hearing noise from the INO across the street. I'm pretty sure that was drowned out by my A/C. This'll probably warrant an update once the temperature drops below 107+ degrees.The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful.The lobby bar, W xyz, is open from 5 pm until midnight.There are a few fast food places across the street. After 1 am, you'll need to hit the Denny's across S Rural Rd. A limited bar bites menu at W xyz is available as well.Note: If you want a bigger room, book a room with 2 queen beds. You will definitely notice much more space on the bathroom countertop, the "closet," and the desks. Trust me. It's worth it.
3	I've been wanting to check out the Aloft brand since I travel so much and for the most part, I dig this brand. Love the sleek, mod look of the hotel and rooms. Only problem,?? For all the sleek amenities, they couldn't give decent pillows!!! For the king size bed, they provided (2) pillows big enough for your 10 year old. That's the best way to describe it!! Kinda thrown off by that! I was basking in how much I like this hotel till I went to lay down and was shocked that they would skimp on such a small item. They use Bliss products in the bathroom but can't provide standard pillow sizes or decent pillows for that matter?? Surprised to say the least.Checked in on the later side and was glad there was food choices across the street. In addition, there is a food available for purchase in the lobby, salads, sandwiches, etc.The hotel has a club vibe but there was a mixture of old and young. Business folks milling around but no families. Don't think this is the brand you would check your family into. Definitely will check out the other Aloft properties while traveling.
5	Great hotel with excellent staff. Clean, easy to locate, great location, comfortable bed, nice shower and adequate pool.Negative: there are no drawers in the room. Literally, no drawers. There are some shelves in the bathroom, but there is not a single drawer in the whole room. We had a 3 month old infant when we stayed here for 4 days and the drawers would have helped. However, not a huge issue.I read some reviews that were annoyed with the air conditioner. I am a REALLY light sleeper and I had no issues with the air conditioner. Also, rooms on the west side are nicer because you get a sunset view of Tempe Town Lake.
4	This hotel is super modern and has some features I loved, such as the ability to easily hook your computer up to the TV and the stand up shower (no tub) with a shower head that could be adjusted to be very high.  As some have noted, there are no drawers, but that did not bother me.  The room is a little small, which did not bother me because I was by myself, but it might be a little cramped if you had two people.  I loved the location, but wish they had a hot tub to go with the small pool.
4	This place just gets it.  Cool little spot close to ASU, the PHX airport and Scottsdale.  Not really walking distance to any restaurants/bars (although they have cool bar on site and In n Out is across the street along with Starbucks, Yogurtland and Jersey Mike's subs, so you're never too far from enough food.  And a cab always seems to be on-site within 5 minutes of your request.  No fuss, no muss, and very reasonable rates.  If you're in town for Spring Training, an ASU game or anything else for a day or two, this is place to stay.
3	Spent a Saturday night here with some trepidations that in a college town during spring training season, the hallways would be full of raucous drunk 20-somethings slamming doors all night as I have experienced at other Alofts.  My fears were blissfully unfounded.  It was a quiet and peaceful stay.  The hotel looks exactly like all the other Aloft properties - same fabrics, carpets, bathrooms, lighting, etc.  Same lousy pillows.  Same dinky closet.  Same noisy AC unit.  But the bed is surely comfortable.  The TV has a decent selection of real HD channels.  A new and snazzy Starbucks is just across the street, as is In-n-Out Burger, which is nirvana to an Easterner who misses that chain at times.  It is well-located, the staff is extremely pleasant and efficient, and that, as they say, is that.
5	The price was not bad. Clean, nice rooms, 2 free water bottles, wifi, decent gym, outdoor pool. It has a nice lounge area to just surf and hang out. Also has a small pool table and 2 computers to print out your boarding passes. There is a small area with microwave and quick bites. We had munchies at 2am, so it was nice to be able to go downstairs and buy a turkey sandwich and cereal. Stayed here twice, and haven't been disappointed yet. Good job! :)
3	The staff at both this aloft are all great. The hotel is clean, has a great video system that allows you to plug in your toys to it, and it is in a decent location. (Next to an In N Out!) The bar area in the lobby is pretty well stocked with a decent, if limited, selection of beers, wines, and liquor. It has a good workout room.However, the hotel gets three stars for the following: No complimentary breakfast, no drawers to stash your clothes and such, no ironing board in the room. They get points for style, but it comes at an expense.UPDATE: There actually is an ironing board and iron in the room, it's just hidden where one would not think to look. The free pool table is also a nice treat. I added a star to the review for these reasons.UPDATE: Just got back from what they call a pool. It is a bit small, and very shallow. (3ft!!!) Too shallow for my 6'1" frame to swim well, Also, it is the only area in the hotel where people can smoke, and the smell was thick there. I had to go to the desk to get some towels, as the ones there were all used and strewn all over the pool area. There were used drink cups and even a pair of sunglasses just sitting there on the side of the pool. It is obvious no one checks on the pool area very much. Taking the rating down to a three. It would be a two, but the kind staff boosted it.
4	Out of town, or perhaps just getting away from all the noise and need a retreat?Aloft Hotel stands out, spacey rooms, great architecture, and wonderful designer furniture all make their hallmark there. Nevertheless, what truly stands out from the Hotel is their bar/bartender.  Being in the middle of arguably the two biggest nightlife spots in the West Coast, outside of LA, Old Town Scottsdale and Mill Tempe make it a perfect place of origin.  Before hand, you almost think it is absurd for them to even have a bar, who goes to Vegas and gambles inside their resort?  Yet, amazement abounds.  Their bar is Made by the great personality of their bartender, Catherine.   She is a breath of fresh air, her unique personality makes you awe at her and get a conversation started.  What is even more impressing is that she will invent a cocktail, with the ingredients they have, and name it after you, so your legacy will carry on way after your departure.  The only downside, if a downside at all, is that since Catherine is so enchanting, you are almost bound to tip her more than what the actual tab ends up being.
4	My first stay at the Aloft Tempe.  Overall I'm pretty satisfied.The Pros:Modern styleClean and comfortable bedsNice TV (With Showtime)Nice views of Tempe from the roomPoolFitness RoomPool Table in the lobbyBar open til midnight in the lobbyConveniently located across from Starbucks/In & Out and only a small distance away from Mill Ave.Cons:No complimentary breakfast. (Seriously?)Ultimately this is an excellent hotel in my opinion. I love the modern look and feel. The staff is also very friendly and welcoming. The only thing I can really knock it for is lack of complimentary breakfast. Usually I wouldn't care but when it gets hot I wake up early and crave something to eat. Considering I just stayed at a Hampton Suite for the same price that offered an outstanding complimentary breakfast, I feel that is detrimental when comparing yourself to your competition.  Luckily it is across from a Starbucks and fairly close to Mill Ave in which you can find yourself a bite to eat.I will more than likely stay here again, but I can see how with most hotels offering some sort of complimentary breakfast option, this could be a deal breaker for some people and more specifically small families.
4	Loved this hotel and glad that Starwood added this type of hotel to its roster.Loved the free parking, free wifi, free bottled water.  I HATE being nickeled and dimed by hotels on all the incidentals.  Love that they have a bar, a pool and a convenience type store in the lobby.  And PETS are welcome!  YAY! We only stayed one night as AZ was the first stop in our cross country journey and it was perfect.   The W feel at a reasonable rate for travelers!
4	My Sandy layover home will forever have a special place in my heart.  The Aloft chain is a place I will frequent as often as I can.  The Tempe version has a friendly bar and staff, easy self-serve laundry machines, and a great pool.  It is simple, energy efficient, and family friendly.  What more could someone ask for.  It has the best location in Tempe being centrally located and across the street from In and Out Burger.  I love staying in University towns, and I loved this hotel!
3	This is basically an "express" hotel. So if that's all you need, you'll be satisfied.I'm here from the Bay Area and this hotel provides a convenient location, but that's about it. Sure..it's modern, like Ikea, which actually doesn't bother me. But please be aware that your room will not have a closet, only cubbies in the bathroom. And while the shower is nicely decorated, there is no option to relax in a bathtub (i.e. stall only). I mean this hotel is alright, but it's by no means a destination type hotel. The website makes it look like you could actually hang out here. The lobby is super small, and self-service in many respects. The front desk staff person was super nice, but she also was responsible for retrieving items from the mini-store (read: display case), and seemed to be making drink orders at the bar, in addition to renting the rooms. She gave good service! But despite what this hotel is trying to achieve with basic, modern design, I would choose a Hilton, Marriott or the like.
4	I stayed here last Tuesday night for the first time.  Overall I was pretty impressed.  A nice and modern hotel.  A full bar in the lobby, and also a coffee shop, where you can also get pastries.  The design of the hotel is nice and also very clean.  The room was very nice.  Definately not that nicest room I have ever stayed in, but I enjoyed it.  It had an awesome big screen tv in it!  The hotel is in a good location, and I would have no quams ever staying here again!
3	Have stayed at the A-Loft Tempe several times over the course of the past few years and I'm never disappointed. Rooms are impeccably clean, decor is modern and the attention to detail for the experienced traveler is much appreciated!  Beautiful showers and retro modern vibe to the joint makes feels a lit like being in Berlin (albeit with Southwest Airlines cruising over the pool on the final approach to Sky Harbor).  No, there aren't a bunch of kids running up and down the hall that you usually get at the Holiday Inn and other joints near campus-- which means you can actually get a great night's sleep here.  Much appreciated, whether on business or pleasure.The front desk staff is always lovely and the location awesome (In-N-Out right across the parking lot... need I say more). There's a path for a nearby morning run along Tempe Town Lake if you need to burn off the Animal Style from the night before or you can hit up the workout center before you set about the day. The location is perfect--right along the 202 but close enough to the 101 to get you anywhere in the East Valley conveniently.  All in all, a great experience and one of the best options for a modern hotel in Tempe.  Definitely somewhere I'd stay again.
4	MY 100th REVIEW! Woo.I've stayed here a good three weeks so I have the license to preach about this place.The Aloft is supposed to be a 3-star version (or excuse me, I mean "vision") of the W Hotels, meaning that it encompasses the functional-modern aesthetic without all the bells and whistles. And trust me, they've taken out the bells and whistles... The decor of the hotel is definitely modern, albeit cheap. You'll see an abundance of tacky decorations and plastic-y items riddled everywhere. The bed is not nearly as comfortable as its Starwood-luxe counterparts and you'll find that the room contains the bare-minimums. That said, I've always found the hotel to be clean, friendly, and very welcoming.While the entrance of the hotel leaves much to be desired, the lobby+bar region is actually decent. There's a cool w-xyz bar with affordable drinks during happy hour and a full-size pool table. Can't say no to that.The amenities are kept to a minimum: you'll find a re:fuel station in the lobby (surprisingly useful), a small-medium gym with new LifeFitness machines, and a small swimming pool/outdoor patio which is never used. The location is far from the business centers (boo) but close to the ASU bars (yay) and an In-N-Out Burger (yay). However, you might find a giant red neon sign outside your window and an ever-so-subtle smell of fries in the parking lot. Make of that what you will.Out of all the 3-star hotels in the region, the Aloft is certainly my top pick.-----Distinguishing factor: The Aloft is glory of the W, without the hefty price tag.
5	This hotel is nicely located right off the freeway around the bend from ASU Sun Devil's Stadium. Stayed here for two nights over the Rock 'n' Roll Arizona Marathon weekend and would definitely stay here again. The decor was modern European and very clean. The room (standard king bed) was extremely spacious and for the most part had everything I needed. If I could change anything about the room it would have to do with the limited storage space for clothing, however, I made due. The bed is average in terms of its comfort but was smooth and without lumps. The bathroom was great, the shower and toilet area are separated from the rest of the bathroom by a sliding glass wall for privacy. The shower is large and is made with large rock tiles and a glass door. The staff here is friendly and there is someone always at the front desk to assist you. There is a food shop/store in the lobby that is accessible 24/7 and a bar with the usual suspects to partake in too. There is an outside pool too but it doesn't appear to be warm, granted it was January, and the grounds weren't well kept. Regardless it is worth your time to check it out.Overall: I would stay here again based just on the rooms alone, the staff and the amenities beyond that are just icing on the cake.
4	I was in town for my Niece's wedding.  We picked the Aloft to stay.  This one was very nice.  The service was excellent.  A nice greeting at the front desk.  My room was ready and clean nd comfortable.Aloft has a bar that opens at 5pm.  It is a great place to meet people, relax and unwind.  On Friday night, the bartender was super friendly and very helpful.  I must mention the FREE WIFI.  This is a must have for any hotel I stay in.We stayed over the weekend and despite a pretty full hotel, we were very comfortable.  The pool was a great place to relax in the morning with a cup of complimentary coffee.The only reason my review is not a full five stars is because of the lack of someone picking up trash in the common areas.  There were always cups in the pool area, around the bar and the front trashcan was overflowing every time I passed by it.  Friday afternoon, Friday Evening, Saturday Morning, Sunday.  It seemed like no one had been assigned to empty it. That said, I hope to stay with you again the next time I am in Tempe.  Thank you.
1	So this was my first and probably only time that I will be staying at a Aloft hotel chain.....The hotel concept is based on competing with the entry level Motel 6 and lower end Best Westerns... But with a nice chic/edgy decor that is geared toward the younger crowd..college age or very young professionals..Not a bad concept but what kills this is the lack of lack of a proper checks and balances in the housekeeping/ maintenance department.I stayed at two different locations this past week....the Tempe one and the Airport Aloft. Both had issues with room cleanliness, not necessarily the maids fault as some issues were room damage that should of been fixed by management.Service was hit and miss.... A...first day check in staff was ok...female bartender was friendly and gave us tips on were to go for St. Paddys day But one guy working the desk (in his late 30's or early 40's) refused to re-magnetize our door key because none of us were listed on the reservation or the room...so after about 15 minutes of us making phone calls to get our buddy's brother on the phone we finally got our key magnetized....and he literally said " oh yea I do see your name on the reservation, not sure how I missed it"!...Ohhh and one female bartender actually had BALLs to ask where a shot glass went from the shot he bought me... As I was sitting in the lounge area while they played pool...he pointed in my direction and told her he bought it for me...she said ohhh..I don't want you walking away with it....I guess there is a shot glass stealing issue at the Aloft Tempe  locationList of pros:Free wifiFree pool table in lobby free water bottles and coffee in roomDecor was nice and appealingGood happy hour from 5-7...$2 draftsCons:Both locations had stained carpets in roomPillows are really small almost travel sizeRooms are on the small side All three rooms and both locations had damaged walls from the desk chairVery little storage room Comforters in two rooms were stained ...lack of a cover on the comforters means they have to wash the entire thing after each guest....which I highly doubt they doAnd the coupe de grace was a red stain on the bed sheets of king bed at the Tempe location..about the size of nickel and the 2nd stain the size of a 3 quarters put together in a triangle shape.There was a group of us and one reservation was lost so two of us stayed one night at Airport location while the rest stayed at Tempe location.  Overall all 3 rooms had similar issues at two different locations so  either is. Chain issue or a Phoenix issue....
1	Starwood platinum member with 30+ stays in last six months. Left early for event and told front desk that toilet not working and asked that it be fixed upon return. Upon return, toilet not remedied. Called front desk and instead of fixing issue threatened to be thrown out of hotel. By far, worst hotel experience of all time.
5	Recently stayed here for a weekend with a couple girlfriends and we were very happy with our choice. The staff was always super friendly and offered many recommendations for places to eat, fun bars to check out, etc. They really went above and beyond to make sure we enjoyed our time in town. The pool is small, but during our three day stay we were literally the only people out there, so laying out in the sun without crowds of people around was actually really nice. On our final night we even decided to not use our beds at all and spent all night/morning at the pool, with permission from the front desk attendant, who just asked that we not be too loud and turned on the fireplace for us when it got a bit chilly. We split our time between Mill Ave and Old Town Scottsdale and this location was a happy medium to get to both areas fairly easily. I'd definitely stay in an Aloft hotel again based on my experience here.
4	I enjoyed this hotel for what we were using it for, which was watching the Tempe Town Lake fireworks from the hotel room.  It was really cool hotel and all the employees were super friendly and nice.  The bar in the hotel also has a pretty good happy hour from 5-7pm, which is cool. Within walking distance there's a few quick food places which was convenient for dinner and breakfast.My only realy issue was their were weird marks on the walls in the room I had, near the ceiling...not sure what they were but that and the small pool are what made them lose a star.  I would definitely stay here again on the 4th or New Years again.
5	I LOVE this hotel and won't stay anywhere else in PHX! The staff are friendly, energetic, and efficient - they always smile, and if any issue is brought to their attention they take care of it quickly and without attitude. The rooms are comfortable and clean, the gym is well-stocked, the bar serves draught Fat Tire! And the rates are literally $75-200 less than you'd pay elsewhere. And it's right next to the university area in Tempe, so there are always restaurants and night life to choose from. And it's right next to the 202 so you can easily get to anywhere in PHX/Tempe easily. And it's right across the street from a Starbucks. And and and...!
5	Great and friendly staff, free toothbrush and toothpaste incase you forgot yours. Located across from in n out which is convient for a late snack, also near starbucks and yogurtland. Great rooms and pricing! Room is clean lobby is nice will stay here again when I come back.
4	There's an In-N-Out about 20 yards from the parking lot. Not sold yet? Clean facilities, pretty friendly staff, I had a very quiet stay which is always appreciated, and contributed to some restful nights sleep. Will be staying again next time I'm in town.
3	For a Starwood Property this hotel is not up to the standards I expected for a Starwood hotel.  We stayed from 3/2/14 to 3/6/14 and were disappointed in one fashion or another.  Confusion upon checking in, room not serviced by the housekeeping staff.  Housekeeping staff was disingenuous, and didn't pay much  attention to providing timely service.  One bright spot was the warm and friendly staff, particularly Nick and Jamie on the front desk.
4	Convenient location , central to all the good spots. In n out literally across the street can hear the drive- thru orders when downstairs, kinda weird. Pool is on the small side. The beds were really comfortable. The hotel had a nice homey feel with a chill lounge downstairs to hang out and mingle.
4	Chill place, the room and pool were smaller than expected, but we enjoyed our stay. Front desk was friendly enough, gave us advice on place to go.
1	Awful... Never ever again. Two of the most uncomfortable synthetic pillows I've ever seen in a hotel. A light flashing from the ceiling right by the bed every 5 seconds. Not clean. One towel, one washcloth. Awful, lumpy mattress badly made up by what is clearly an apathetic housekeeping crew. Honestly, I'm not a picky traveler, and I travel on business about 3x a month, but this was the worst hotel experience I've had in years. I normally stay in a residence inn or CY type place - not fancy. I think a Motel 6 would beat this place. I could go on and on about the bad outlet placement, the lack of spare pillows and blankets or the just plain weird closet. Run, don't walk, away fromAloft Tempe.
2	Aloft is the attractive blonde you see from across the bar, who, when you get up close, has many imperfections and not much substance or personality.Awful showers, dark rooms, poor maid service, perpetually empty grab-and-go cafe, uncomfortable beds.The gym has decent equipment, but a horrible configuration as well as lack of equipment, make it pretty tough to get in a workout. The pool is positioned in such a way that only gets sun from about 10-1pm. Not ideal if you're trying to catch some rays...which is about all you can do there since it's not long enough to swim laps.The bar area is a disaster as well. I've reviewed that separately under the Wxyz Lounge.
2	I've been interested in staying at an Aloft hotel ever since one opened in my town of Tucson. When the opportunity arrived to spend a couple of nights in Tempe, I decided to go for it and see what it was all about. I'm sorry we did.The room was dusty, walls had repair patches, the carpet in the hallways was lumpy from all of the rolling carts and luggage, the elevators are scary to ride in (not smooth at all), cobwebs on the pool fence and speakers, cigarette butts all over the patio, full trashcans outside...you get the idea.The worst of it was the bed. Neither of us got a good night's sleep with the mattress 'pad' coming up and getting lumpy, the pillows were horrible as well. We had planned on staying 2 nights but checked out after the first night. There was no way we could stay there anymore.Thankfully, we had a nice chat with the manager who listened to our complaints and took notes about housekeeping. I hope they make some changes. It could be a cool place to stay.PS: The platform that the bed is on is a shin breaker. There needs to be some kind of padding on the corners. I've got a nice bruise from the first time I smacked my leg.
3	The hotel is good for the price.  Friendly staff, convenient location.  Only stayed one night so didn't experience the cleaning service.  Wish the bar was open earlier than 5pm.
4	A small but comfortable room at a reasonable price. Aloft hotels don't have a restaurant so it is necessary to dine out. Unfortunately, the dining options within walking distance are limited to sandwiches and tacos.The bar in Aloft is higher priced and my Margarita was made with canned juice.I will happily stay here again.
4	Solid little hotel in north Tempe. They don't have suites or anything but still quite modern and comfortable. Location is pretty good and there are a few walkable food options. Generally quiet and in line with what you expect from SPG. I used the laundry service and it was a bit slow. Other than that not much to complain about.
4	The Tempe location is a great central location for clubs:)   I had great service, and the room was very modern and comfortable.   There is also a Starbucks and some places to get something to eat right across the street.   The bar also was pretty nice in the downstairs area, I was able to get a drink while waiting for my cab.  The bartender was very helpful at recommending places to see.
4	This is a great property. Although I'm an AZ local, I like to stay here when attending shows at the marquee theater. It's an inexpensive cab ride, and allows me to not worry about getting back home to the far west valley. The weekend rates are also great. Rooms are always clean, and the pool area is great to spend the day at.
5	Nice looking hotel rooms. Polite staff. Clean room. Will stay again next time I'm in Tempe.  Dog friendly hotel.
2	We stayed at the Aloft for the first time last weekend.  We decided to stay there due to the proximity to Sun Devil stadium for the ASU vs. Norte Dame game.  Boy were we disappointed.1. Wifi sucked!  You couldn't get Wifi in the room even though they tell you it's free Wifi throughout the hotel.2. We were on the third floor and could hear the orders being called out at In N Out across the street until 1:00 a.m. each night.  We just wanted to get to sleep but instead we had to hear - "Order 41, 43 and 55.  Order 61, 62, and 63" until 1:00 a.m. 3. The room looked rundown with pieces of the wall falling off in the bathroom area.4. It felt like an overpriced youth hostelWe will never stay at Aloft again!
