2	This is the kind of place you find in a mall.  Fast food salad, pasta and pizza.  I had a salad/pizza combo.  The pizza was cold and the crust had a weird metallic taste.  The salad was your standard plate of bland greens.  With all the offices and the hospital nearby, you would think there would be better options for lunch in this shopping plaza. Nope.  That's why I always end up at the Good Egg.  It's hard to screw up an omlette. Despite the high convenience factor, I will not be back.
2	"Let's open a place just like Sabbaro but give it an early 90's artistic decor" is what they probably said before opening. I just went here for lunch, I am taking a class in the same shopping center. For years, I had passed by but was never impressed by their menu. Today I finally broke down just for the sake of being able to review them. You stand and order cafeteria style. The menu is divided into pastas, pizza, salads and sand witches. Pasta items are in the $7.50 range +$2 for chicken. Pizza is in the $6 range for two slices, a combo of one slice and a salad could be had for $7.50. Overall, the prices seemed a bit high. I opted for two sliced of the Bianca pizza. The crust was soft and a bit doughy, on top was mozzarella cheese, signage, ricotta and tomatoes. After I told the line what I wanted y food was hastily thrown into the oven, such haste was use my food overlapped other food, I did not appreciate this. I took my food to the utensil and condiment station, there was Balsamic vinegar, olive oil and red pepper but no Parmesan. My slices were of normal size and the toppings had a decent flavor but the crust was subpar and at this price, I expected better. Unless you are stuck in this plaza, I would not recommend making the trip to this establishment.
2	Went there for lunch and had a Chicken chopped salad.  There was not a lot of chicken and it was not cheap!  Everything is already made and it is re-heated after you order it.
2	Went there for lunch today. I needed something fast and yummy.  As I was walking up (after 1:30) I saw their specials.  Lemon chicken, yummy.  As I ordered, they were out, out of every pasta they made for today.  They had pizza but only margarita and bianca. I ordered one slice of bianca and back to work...I've had much better food.  Or maybe I just had my taste buds set for lemon chicken.
4	I have visited Fusilli's every time I have to come to Phoenix over the last few years. Partly, as I am stuck at the mall there, but also because I love their food. I can hardly wait to get the daily calzone, as I have had a hard time finding anything that compares. My favorite is the one with chicken, spinach, and artichoke hearts. Although previous reviewers might have assumed that if they don't have items prepared in advance of the lunch rush, that if an item is not available, they will prepare it for you on the spot. They have always made any dish that I have asked for if they didn't have it ready without unreasonable delay. Today I had my favorite made fresh for lunch in about 10 minutes, and I had enough to enjoy for dinner too. Just so you know, I have absolutely no affiliation to Fusilli's, just a big fan!
2	I was headed out to Pita on 3rd Ave and got roped into going here by a group that said - "it's great and in Park Central"...all I'm gonna say is that it was like cafeteria food. Yeah, like cafeteria food - cold pizza and overly dressinged salad
2	Slow, indifferent service, mediocre and somewhat pricey food, decor reminds me of a mental hospital I once spent a 72 hour hold at... my coworker enjoyed her pasta, my sandwich was aight but I won't be going back (Park Central Deli is much more my style anyway).
2	I was cruising the Park Central Mall killing time looking for a place to eat. Italian sounded good, and then there was Fusilli's. How stupid I was not to consult YELP first. I should know better. Unfortunately, I went through the motions of ordering, waiting, paying (in that order), before I reached to my Droid and asked what it thought. The two stars should tell you everything. The pizza I had didn't taste bad it was just flavorless and boring with not enough toppings. It also cost more than it should. I never order a drink, so when my tab came close to 7 bucks for two slices of less than mediocre pie, I was shocked. The staff was friendly, I mean at least they smiled. So for that they get an extra star. With limited choices for lunch in a mall with a large corporate business presence it looks like Fusilli's has gotten by by offering options not quality. Next time I'm hungry and wandering the Park Central Mall I will not be going back to Fusilli's.
