3	This is an older retail store.  I normally have a loving relationship with Eat 'n Park, but this one just didn't hit home for me.  I came during the Sunday Brunch Buffet; my friend partook, I abstained after seeing the fare.  I ordered two eggs over-easy with a side of toast.  Getting beyond the murky, dated feel of the store, it was actually fairly clean on the interior and in the restrooms.  I received my food and the eggs were cooked perfectly.  Maybe not a big deal for some, but you would be surprised at how often over-easy comes out over-hard or, worse, uncooked.  I think the real reason I enjoy Eat 'n Park most of the time is the normal salad bar items.
1	Pure garbage.  Being a Pittsburgh resident all of my life, I have been dragged here many times by people that don't understand how terrible this place is.The service usually is sub-par and that is only topped by the lack of quality food.  It's bland, you could do better at home style cooking.  The salad bar lacks true options, and for this type of food why not just go to Denny's where you're getting somewhat better food at a better price.People that like this place are usually collecting social security checks and trying to get home and in bed before the 5 O'clock news starts.
3	So I was not happy that we ended up here but that quickly changed once I got my food. I'm a sucker for chicken fingers and they had the best honey mustard EVER!! And inexpensive as well. So if you in the Burgh and it's late and everything else is closed this wont disappoint.
3	Hard to believe this Eat N Park has never been reviewed being one of the oldest in the history of the franchise. Eat N Park is a local franchise, the corporate headquarters are located at the Waterfront in Homestead. A Family restaurant, the menu is extensive, appetizers to salads, burgers to sundaes. It's all here. Who hasn't come here on the weekend to gorge themselves on the midnight buffet? Admit it, we've all imbibed a bit too much and needed something to make the morning hangover less painful. The grilled bearclaw is a Pittsburgh favorite, sweet pasty dough, cinnamon gooey icing, grilled in butter, served hot from the griddle, with coffee or a large glass of milk, this has been my choice meal after many nights of extreme alcohol consumption. The Super Burger is their version of the Big Mac. Only made better because it comes served on a dish and not in a cardboard box. With fries, this was a favorite meal when I was growing up. Breakfast is where Eat N Park shines, they make some awesome blueberry pancakes. Light and fluffy, stuffed with tons of blueberries and warm syrup, this is one of my favorites. Who can resist a smiley cookie? An awesome sugar cookie with glazed icing, they come in a variety of colors and even Pittsburgh sports team colors when it's playoff time. The famous strawberry pie is another favorite of Pittsburgers. Everyone looks forward to the very berry month of May. Eat N Park isn't for everyone, but when you crave a bit of the past or need a meal 24 hours a day, Eat N Park will be there.
4	They have gluten-free buns for all sandwiches and burgers for only 50 cents extra. How many other low cost restaurants offer this? I am a fan for this reason alone. My only gripe is that they eliminated the grilled salmon with dill sauce from their menu, which had been one of my favorites.
4	Had breakfast and dinner there a couple of times. Its your traditional Eatn Park and the food is good especial the Superburgers. Breakfast has a wide variety of choices including breakfast bar. Good food and quick service. Friendly and helpful waitresses. Everyone smiles.... an oldie but still a goodie... :-)
3	I can't wait for the remodel... a drive through window will satisfy all my needs!!!! Then I'll update my review. For now, I will say that I love Eat n' Park, as it has a special place in my heart. But this visit was not a perfect 5. Our order was somehow "lost" as we waited starving (after a late night event). Our server was SUPER nice, so it was hard to be mad. Plus, she offered us dessert, so we REALLY couldn't be mad. Once we got our meals, I was slightly bummed. My turkey sandwich, which was "promised" to be "just like a Primanti's" with turkey instead was sad. It had maybe two fries on it, as well as maybe two pieces of cabbage that didn't resemble coleslaw. But man, that orea cream pie was to die for! AND she gave us 3 pieces to split. So that is how you earn my love back Eat n' Park!
5	Great place late at night if you are hungry. Staff was very friendly and a great place to bring the kids.
4	Stopped by the new spiffy EnP.  Very nice new building with a drive up window.  We came for breakfast and I had the Eggs Benedict Florentine.  Delicious!  The poached eggs were cooked perfectly.  The hollandaise was tasty and seasoned.  The bacon, spinach and English muffin were a winning combination.
1	The new restaurant just opened recently. We were very disappointed. My breakfast included runny eggs (ordered over easy), cold toast, under cooked potatoes.... not very good.
