5	This very authentic Big-city style bagel shop is brand new and after two trips, I can say its my new favorite bagel place in Las Vegas.  The white fish salad is great and it comes at a much cheaper price than you get at the Bagel Cafe.  Pastries are good too.
5	Stopped by with girlfriend, ordered the egg bagel (asiago cheese) with ham with cheddar cheese. Added the crumb cake and apple juice. The bagel and crumb cake  were very good. Service and pricing was excellent, when comparing to Einsteins. Wish the egg was scrambled, compared to being over easy,  but overall would come here again.
4	I love bagels. period.  Especially a tasty "everything" bagel, lightly toasted and with lox shmear. Add a small cup of the Illy coffee that they serve and I am in breakfast heaven. The bagels are made fresh and they are perfectly crisp on the outside, and flavorful and chewy on the inside. They also sell fresh baked breads, serve sandwiches, pastries, and have a small deli selection as well.  But, I keep coming back for the bagels.  Although the matzo ball soup is also calling my name.  I love the fact that this is a locally owned business and is on my way home from dropping off the kids at school. The service is quick and friendly. I have yet to dine in, because I am usually in and out but with Yiddish words painted on the wall, I at least learn a new word every visit.  Mazel Tov!
5	Ahhhh...just had a perfectly toasted everything bagel with their flavor of the day garlic parmesean cream cheese.  The restaurant is nice & clean with a comfortable seating area & nice decor.  I wish I lived closer cause I would eat here often.
4	I am addicted to illy coffee and they have it here, bless them!!  This place has gone through some change's/owners but they have finally gotten it spot on.  Good coffee, and bagels are just as they should be-soft on the inside and nice crunch on the outside.  I am not from NY, but this seems like it would fit the bill for many a Eastern seaboard transfer.
5	I love this place!  They have amazing rock salt bagels, which I haven't been able to find since living in Seattle. They also have lox or lox cream cheese. Service is always very fast, the shop is clean, and everyone is always very polite. If you love bagels, you have to try this place.
4	This is a good spot when you just want to chill, get away from all those fancy breakfast/brunch/lunch places in the main Las Vegas area and just eat good food. Bobby's Bagels Bistro is a place where I saw locals come in and out to buy bagels by a dozen. I got the lox bagel sandwich on a poppy bagel...wow! It was one of the best  lox bagel sandwiches I've had. Also, this place has a chill atmosphere and friendly staff.
4	This place was pretty good, I'm not much a bagel fan. I had the The Broadway turkey bacon sammie. It was big! I also had a blueberry bagel, which was great too.The counter girl could learn to speak up a little bit, and if you're sick, please stay home (she kept wiping her nose on her sleeve) Return factor: meh, probably not.
5	It's going to be difficult to not draw comparisons to Bagel Cafe, seeing as how I've been going there for years.  Not only did my heart belong to Bagel Cafe, but it's only 1 mile from my house as opposed to the 3 miles it takes for me to get to Bobby's.  But they won me over today on my first visit.  Follow my adventure...I actually didn't know this place existed until the Groupon deal came up recently.  I Yelp'ed the place and saw how well rated it was, so I picked up the $20 for $10 deal.  The place is only open 7am-3pm, though, and I'm rarely awake during those hours, so I wasn't sure when I could use it.  My sleep schedule flipped over today, though, so 7am was around mid-day for me.I walked in and was instantly greeted by the girl that worked there, damn I can't believe I'm forgetting her name.  I asked what was good for breakfast, and she said the grill was on and she was making breakfast sandwiches on a bagel.  SOLD!"What kind of bagel would you like?"  "Sesame.""How would you like your eggs?" "Umm.... (eggs are eggs)  Surprise me!"** I lose a lot of servers here, as they're afraid to bring me something I didn't order, but she was up for the challenge."What kind of cheese would you like?" "Umm... (challenge accepted!)   Surprise me!""Do you want to add ham, bacon, or sausage?"  "Yes.  Surprise me!"Not scared in the slightest, she asked if I wanted a specialty coffee drink.  This I'm a little more picky about, so I ordered a vanilla latte.She went to ring me up to pay, but I asked her not to, yet, since I had the Groupon and planned to figure out what else to buy while I ate.  No problems with that request either.While I waited for my food, I looked over the menu and realized just how little I had spent so far.  Bagel sandwich was like $3.50, add meat for $1.25, and a vanilla latte was like $3.00.  She showed up with a huge, delicious beverage while I figured out my plan to burn off the rest of the Groupon.The waitress showed up with a breakfast sandwich pretty quickly, and I was about to dive in when she asked me if I wanted to know what it was.  Sure.  Eggs over hard.  Muenster cheese.  Sausage.   She seemed proud of the combination, and I can't blame her as it was great.  This ain't no McDonald's breakfast.  And Bagel Cafe has nothing on the speed at Bobby's.After my meal, I discussed my options.  I ended up with a half dozen of assorted bagels (3 sesame, 2 cinnamon, 1 oat), 1 small tub of nova cream cheese, 1 small tub of tuna salad, and 1 small tub of chopped liver for the ex.  I think I ended up paying like $1 or $2 over my Groupon after all that.Here I am, 12 hours later, eating my second bagel.  Cinnamon bagel was a nice dessert/snack, but the toasted sesame seed bagel with the nova cream cheese on top is sooooo good.  This CRUSHES Bagel Cafe's nova cream cheese.  Bobby's has huge chunks of salmon, and it tastes amazing.Good food, really friendly staff, great prices, there's not a lot to dislike about Bobby's other than their hours.  Sadly, I will likely not get to enjoy Bobby's very often.Oh yeah, keep your eyes on LivingSocial this week... a little birdie told me they're running a $4 for $10 promotion for Bobby's, so you can try it out AND not feel like a glutton buying everything in the store like I did!Oh yeah part 2, I'm sorry Bobby that owns Bobby's, but the video I posted below is Internet comedy gold.  The guy at 1:13 makes the video.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M96BDI0ou-A
4	I went there for lunch the other day to use my groupon. I had the empire state sandwich which is the roast beef sandwich. It was really good. The roast  beef was tender and well seasoned. Gotta go back and try other items on the menu.
1	I had high hopes for this place. I gave it a shot after getting a deal on Living Social, and was disappointed. The "bagels" are not "bagels". They have a bready and airy texture, that of a bagel you would find at say.. Vons. There is no dense, chew that you expect when biting into a real bagel. Not only this, my order was wrong, and when we asked to dine in, they brought us a to-go container.. I'm sorry to say, but I don't see this place lasting much longer. They are blatantly overstaffed, and while the owner was taking our order, he had to stop TWICE to explain to the cook behind the counter how to read the order slip of previous orders.. With that said, the people working were very nice, and the establishment looked very clean and well kept.. Please avoid this place, the bagels are literally.. bread. They look impressive from the case! Large, fat, and enticing.. But don't be surprised when you bite into a dry bready bagel. Save your money, and go to Bagel Mania on Twain and Swenson. The bagels are infinitely better, and true New York style. I would know, I'm a New York native!
2	We went to this place about two months ago and ordered two pastrami sandwiches to go.   I asked them to "deconstruct" them, meaning not putting the bread on the meat.  We got potato salad and a pickle with it.    The pastrami was really good when I made it at home.    The bread, not so good.  If it was rye, it sure didn't look like it or tasted like it either.       The other day we went back to get the pastrami again and this time it did not even look like Pastrami.   It was not "brisket pastrami" but "round pastrami" no the kind I wanted.   The young lady behind the counter just told me that they get what ever is sent to them, and wasn't too helpful.    I will call the owner-manager tomorrow.   Very disappointed!
5	Here on business, craving lox, theirs is very good! Bagels were perfect! Friendly staff.
5	Love this place!! Great bagels! Great service! Turkey bacon club with swiss on a bagel is the best clubs I've ever had and I worked at a sandwich place before. I can't want to go back again and eat more yummy food.
5	I initially went in this place for a bagel, but when I walked in the sandwiches smelled so good that I had to give one a try.  I had the "Empire State" sandwich.  It was amazing!  I have been craving it now for the last few days.   Finally a real sandwich, not the cheap subway stuff.  I can't wait to go again.
