4	Very cute place that you just don't expect to be here in a commercial complex.  It's right next to an office for Al Collins.  Give ya an idea?  There are a few shaded tables out front, and some cute ikea/minimalistic tables/chairs on the inside.  Everything looks clean and bright and new - just the way you want it to look.  And the folks who work there are always really friendly - look like college students.  They have some nice "Morning munch" selections (Breakfast) including smoothies, but I haven't tried one of them yet.  Their sandwiches and wraps though - very good. I'm not a huge fan of their turkey lunch-meat, but it's not bad - I'm just picky when it comes to turkey.  One of these days I'll eat there and try a toasted sandwich, but since I'm always a to-go girl, I figure it would be cold by the time I got back to the office.  They also have pre-made salads and sides in a case up front so you can just grab and go.  Their fruit (Cut in pieces) looked great and very fresh and for just $1.50, not a bad side at all.  Their salads are also really good sized for the money.  I will say that their chocolate chip cookies aren't quite as good as they look.  AND - while priced 2/$1, they are packaged in sets of 2, so really it's just $1.  And oh yea - they deliver.  You can call, fax in an order, or order on-line.  Pretty fancy.
3	I thought the place was okay, but nothing tremendously special. The crew at Modavox swears by this place for delivery (well some of them anyway). I needed to get out of the office on a recent visit so I decided to drive over to them in Tempe. I had a nice talk with the young guy, who may have been the owner. He was very interested when I told him I was from San Diego. He wants to open one of these over there. I think he might have a good chance, although there are many similar and better places already.I got the California sandwich, being from California, of course. (Turkey, Swiss, sprouts, tomato, avocado) It normally comes with mayo but I substituted mustard. The sandwich was actually much better priced for a foot-long than many other places. The place was very contemporary but I felt the sandwich was just okay. I also got chips, but bagged chips is bagged chips no no review necessary. Would I go again? Maybe.
4	Found this little gem around the corner from our new office about 3 months back and have been a frequent visitor ever since (at least once a week).  Like the other reviews mention, its location is super random (in a commercial office complex), but super convenient for me!  I can jam out of the office, grab lunch for the crew and myself, and be back in 15 minutes.  A win in my book.As for the tasty morsels they've got to offer, I really haven't had anything bad.  From the meat and spinach pies (a syrian and lebanese delicacy), to the perfectly toasted turkey melt, I tend to leave this place a happy camper on a regular basis.  Everything off the menu is prepared to order (and comes out quick I might add), and they also offer a daily special called the "lunch box".While the Turkey Melt is a close second, the lunch box is the main reason I continue to come back to Munch a Lunch.  I'm usually running pretty hot and have little time to eat, so the fact I can walk in, grab a sandwich that was made that morning accompanied by chips and a drink is a HUGE draw for me.  Especially when it only costs $4.  I mean, you can't even get a 6" at subway with chips and a drink for less than $5, and Munch a Lunch is using real meat!Quality, fast, delicious and friendly.  Keep up the good work "boddy".
3	I would never have known of this establishment's existence if it wasn't for the small dining area out front with umbrellas and strange wrought-iron flutterby and dragonfly shaped chairs and tables. Not very comfortable to dine in, but cutesy nonetheless. It also helps that I now work in the surrounding area, since Munch-a-Lunch seems to cater exclusively to the business parks around it. Although it's nothing to write home about, it does a pretty fine job of sating my hunger.This small hole-in-the-wall joint caters to those on the go with a five dollar sandwich box that consists of a sammich, bag o' chips, candy bar and canned soda. It's a screaming deal compared to most fast food meal deal prices, and you can be in and out in a few minutes. However, if you're willing to wait around a bit (and maybe try out those funky butterfly chairs or watch an old black and white movie on the tele inside), the made to order specials and salads are usually pretty solid and a good bang for your lunch buck. One gripe I have with this place is that the consistency is wildly variable depending on the day. I've ordered the Greek salad numerous times (what can I say, I'm a sucker for beets in a salad) and it's been nigh inedible at times due to a heavy hand with the salty dressing and feta cheese. So order dressing on the side if you're a featherweight like me. At times some items have been a bit stale as well. I've had some unfortunate puff pastry that seemed like it had been freezer burned or microwaved a hair too long. And they have a strange propensity for smothering things in sour cream sauce. These are little issues in the overall quality of the food though. Sandwiches and salads are always a solid bet, and the Greek menu items have rarely let me down! Give it a shot if you're in the area. There's worse things you could do to yourself for five bucks.
4	This place is so yummy and tasty! Used to go here quite a bit with co-workers from UOP. Love the breakfast sandwiches!
1	Went there for lunch around 1:15, not expecting it to take 25 minutes for a salad. Sadly, this place is under staffed and lacking everything needed to be a good lunch spot. I DON'T recommend it. If you want a good sandwich place, drive down the street to Dilly's Deli or any of the other sandwich shops in Tempe, your wallet, your time, and your stomach will thank you.
4	Gotta love the way these guys advertise - free food samples!!  They came into our office a couple months ago with some of their Spicy Hummus....the rest as they say is history!!  I order from here 1-2 times a week, everyone there is super nice. And I like that you can place your order online. The free delivery is a definite plus!I love the Spicy Hummus & the Dumplings, but the best thing on the menu has to be the Chicken Caesar Wrap - the homemade garlic dressing is phenomenal! All of their sandwiches are pretty unique from your standard sub shop, and I love that about them. The only thing I don't care for is their Gyros - and I love Gyros.
5	I like this place. The prices are reasonable and the food is good. Breakfast and lunch are good. My favorite is their breakfast croissant.
4	So I was looking for a spot to get a quick snack before the gym. I remembered a little place around the corner I use to go to all the time when I worked in the area. I was happy to see it was still there.If you didn't know it was there, it's easy to miss. They now have cute but unusually looking set of chairs and tables outside now with umbrellas. (So don't miss it) I always think it nice when you have the option to sit inside or outside when the day is nice.I didn't try any of the food this time but did try a smoothie. There are limited flavors but I must say the mango smoothie is amazing!! It taste exactly like a mango, not to sweet and very flavorful!! My friend got a pineapple coconut smoothie. She let me try it and that was good as well. I would definitely recommend it over a chain smoothie establishment.
4	Came here to grab a quick smoothie before heading to the gym with my friend. I got the pineapple coconut smoothie (the only thing missing in it was some rum :p) which was delish and my friend got the mango flavored smooth in which she loved as well. Very clean inside which is def a big plus for me. It's sort of hidden so unless you know about it or happen to notice the cute butterfly chairs out front while driving by, you can easily miss it. I plan on coming back to do lunch here next time since some of their salads did catch my eye!
1	I ordered a veggie sandwich on wheat, and when I opended the sandwich I could not believe it!  All shredded lettuce, 2 tiny pieces of tomatoe and a few olives.  I have given this place enough chances, it is horrible don't waste your time or money.
4	Great sandwiches.
4	This place it so tiny, hidden and so cute. I've gone in and the folks inside have always been a treat. I don't' always do salads, and such, but the ones available here are so good, any other places seem inadequate.
