1	This is worst hotel I have been in Las Vegas. Way overpriced for what it offer. Customer service is non existent. Ricardo who presented him self as the manager needs a training on customer service skills. Check in was a mess. Hidden charges. Rooms are nothing like it was advertised. I booked this hotel a month ago and after waiting 40 minutes to get checked in they gave me what it must be the worst room in the hotel. When I called to request a change the girl on the phone was very rude and lie to me saying there was nothing available. There were at least 50 people waiting to check in. So at least there were 50 rooms still available. Then Ricardo the manager say they will not make any room changes and I will have to keep my room or go somewhere else.  Rooms are small and with poor terminations.  This is a 2 star hotel at the most.  Don't come here
1	I got pushed here from the flamingo for a night. Even though it's free don't do it. Pay to go elsewhere.  Service was terrible. Check in was forever long and there was no expedite for total reward tiers.
3	I paid for a two bed room. I was given a single queen bed room. I called the front desk and Bernard was really rude and refused compensation. *update Cecil Abeyta and Morton are awesome. They are really wonderful people.
4	For those who want to see how the new room looks like, here's a video tour of the newly renovated room I shot when I stayed there:  www.youtube.com/watch?v=khJ5zY2F24kAs of October 30th 2014, the Quad has been renamed to The Linq Hotel and Casino. So anyone who book a room after October 30, will be staying in the newly renovated room. So, I had the opportunity of being the first guest to stay in the new room as you can see in the video.The room is up to date with hip and modern decor.  Reminds me of IKEA. The room has a walk-in shower, but no bathtub. There's also a small refrigerator instead of a mini-bar in the room. The thing I didn't like is the low flow of water in the shower. I don't care if the hotel is trying to be green, it needs to boost its water pressure. Another thing, I didn't like is the speed of the internet. It was way too slow. My phone internet moves faster than the room internet.Other than that, I did have a great time staying at the hotel.
1	This hotel is everything wrong with Vegas. Long waits, terrible customer service, and unfulfilled promises await you.From check in you'll experience the unmanaged lines, long check in, and lies. We were told we could check in at noon if we were a total rewards member. When we came back at 2pm, we were told it was only IF rooms were available. As a side note, a friend checked in 7 hours later and received a note and t shirt saying they were the first guests in the room, meaning the room was available all day.When we game back to check in at 4 pm, we were told rooms wouldn't be available for another hour. We waited and returned at 5. After waiting in the check in line for 30 min we finally got our room. We then had to endure 20 min on hold with the bell desk waiting for our bags. Finally I went downstairs, through the stairs because only 3 working elevators serve the entire hotel, to go to the bell desk myself. After requesting my bags, I watched two people behind me in line get their bags bags first.After rushing to get ready, we went downstairs to get a cab to make a 7pm show. There were NO cabs available. The valet tried to sell us on their in house limo service for only $65 to get to NYNY. He assured us it would be the same price as a cab. Luckily a cab showed up and took us to NYNY for $11. Overall, if you can get a room for under $50, the linq isn't terrible. However, it is in no way a quality hotel and should be avoided if you have the choice.
1	THIS HOTEL IS A HORROR!  I find it hard to believe that anyone who has ever stayed at a hotel before, (anywhere & any rating all the way from the Holiday Inn to the Four Seasons), would write a positive review for this spot.I have nothing but negative things to say...I will elaborate when I check out. But for the time being I will say that the worst part is that I paid & furthermore splurged on this, my vacation...something I haven't done in years.  It also happened to be my bday & it was ruined by the unprofessisonal and imcompetance of the linq-i missed a bday dinner, a concert and worst of all-good times & memories...ultimately, all this was was money & time flushed down the drain. They didnt take accountability either & blammed hotels.com...i have photos/videos/& record from hotels.com as documentation to prove this to be true. The one star I gave is for brooklyn bowl, otherwise if yelp allowed for it, i wouldn't give one at all.UPDATE:The entire day I've called to request a blanket that every other room has on their bed. I spoke with someone more then 5x. Each time they either ignored or forgotten about my request OR are they are actually incompetant, which I'm starting to believe to be the reason.A pool is advertised, there is no pool. It is under construction. The room service only operates from 7AM-1PM. Elevators are for the most part broken & don't always run...best option is to use the stairs. MANAGMENT IS COMPLETELTY UNQUALIFIED TO OVERSEE A HOTEL & WITH THAT, A NEW HOTEL IN LAS VEGAS...ONE OF THE MOST POPULAR  DESTINATION SPOTS IN THE WORLD.  I FEEL LIKE THEY OWE ME $ FOR WASTING MY VACATION TIME, THEIR FALSE ADVERTISING, INABILITY TO ACCOMADATE & UNHOSPITALITY.Don't bother booking anything but a standard room because they ignore requests and will put u in a standard room, which I'm assuming is all they really have...HORRIBLE.  DON'T LET THIS HOTEL STEAL YOUR MONEY.
3	We really liked playing here. It didn't seem as though the machines were as tight as they normally are for a casino on the strip. Right next store at the Flamingo they were tight as tight can be which is common for the strip so we were pleasantly surprised to see the Linq actually somewhat loose on a weekend. We would recommend playing here and we will probably go back.
1	Rude uncaring staff at this place. I can understand why this hotel company as not made a profit in 6 years. I would have guessed a monkey is in charge with no idea what he is doing! The first issue was I booked a room with 2 queen beds and was given a room with 2 doubles. The room is tiny and reminds me of a college dorm room.  I called the front desk and was told that's the way it is now. Great service!The second issue was checking in.  They have no lines you just stand someplace in front of the desk and hope to be next. People are all over wondering what to do. The third issue was only 3 elevators work in the whole building. The place normally has 11 elevators so imagine the wait times. Each time we dared to go to the room it was a 20 minute wait each way. The 4th problem I had was they did away with platinum members checking in VIP.  It's an inconvenience and slap in the face to people that spend thousands at this property to get a benefit taken away.I forgot the swimming pool is also closed due to remodel but they don't tell you till they get your money.
1	One of the worst hotels that wasn't a 1-2 star I've been to in a bit.  Good:the bars, sports books, and casino are all top of the line.  Bad: I had to check my bag until 4 pm because they didn't have any rooms.  I was ok with that.  When I came back to get my bag, the lady took my ticket and stood there for 7 minutes.  She easily could've gotten the bag but kept calling back and no one was picking up.  Finally someone went and got the bag.  I was here for two nights.  I get back at 4 pm to take a nap, and my room wasn't made.  I call, they said they would fix it immediately.  I go out, come back at 7:30 pm.  Still wasn't made at all. I go down to talk to the manager.  They initially say they will wave one days resort fee.  I said hell no. They eventually waived both.  Just know this is effectively a one star hotel in a great place.Forgot to add.  Only one working elevator.
1	I can't even give them 1 star as this place is horrible.  First, they give us a handicapped room, but that wasn't the big problem.  The problem is that this is the old Imperial Palace and the rooms aren't finished.  So our room had garbage in it, the lights in the bathroom did not work, the shower water flowed throughout the bathroom, the sink was stuck, there was no black out shade.  So we call the front desk, they tell us to come down and they will get us a different room.  We pack our stuff go down to find out that they won't release the room and it's clear they have another but refuse to give it to us and send us back to the room.  We were supposed to get another room the next day only to find out that all rooms on the 16th floor are not finished and do not have black out shades.  They designate a new room give us the room number and tada we go to switch to find out they gave it to someone else and put us back on the crappy 16th floor.  Plus, the elevator to the 16th floor wasn't working. That definitely was not acceptable.  Finally, they put us on the 9th floor the evening before we check out.  If that's not bad enough, our stay came with 2 tixs for the Linq High Roller and they told us we get $5 off.  Had we not been paying attention we would have paid for something already included.  We will never stay at this place again.
1	The ride is so boring.  You can technically book a hotel room facing the strip and request for the room at the top of their building and have the same view for probably cheaper.  Whatever you do, don't purchase the VIP package, especially by using Travelzoo's coupon code.  Terrible deal ( http://www.travelzoo.com/entertainment/las-vegas/-63-High-Roller-VIP-Ride-Package-for-Two-1871376/?conf=1&cm=signedin&source=_tzlock&placement=Overlay-TravelDeal-DealPage-SignUpFP5), especially if you are going to ride this ride before 7pm (day time cut off) since the day pass is only 24.99$/per person (that's 50$ for 2 instead of 63$ for two) If you're thinking that it comes with free drinks and photos with this package, it doesn't.  They made me pay for those things and when I told them that my ticket and this thing says it's complimentary, they told me to contact Travelzoo or Linq's itself.  I will post pictures later to show you the receipt I paid for for the extra items listed here. You're basically paying for more to ride this boring ride and for the coupons.  Oh, and also, that deal from Travelzoo can only be purchased on a computer and not a mobile device--I didn't know that so wasted so much time calling them (they kept bouncing me around from one to another, from Linq's itself and Travelzoo agents, instead of just telling me that) and trying to enter it with different Internet browser as they advised it. And when I did it on a computer, Linq's website was down, so I didn't know that it would only work with a computer till I had my friend test it out for me a few days later while I was on the road driving to Vegas.  Seriously, save your money and go ziplining or ride on their roller coasters or do a tour or something there instead. Oh, btw, they do have a parking structure next to it, but it's closed off, so you'll have to park at Flamingo or on the street.
1	The worst experience of my life!! Had originally booked Friday and Saturday, but then decided to head out a day early and booked a separate night. We didn't get in till late on Thursday so I knew the king bed wasn't going to happen. But the double beds were Fulls not Queens and the room was tiny. The next morning we went down to get our other reservation with the king bed and it was a constant run around. We were told to come back in an hour. An hour later we called down and we were told it was ready, so we went down and were told there was nothing available. This happened 3 more times!! Finally at 4pm, check in time, we got in line and everyone was being told no rooms were available. Lots of people were very upset, we still went up to the lady that told us to come back at 4pm and finally they had it for us, but the lady was very rude about it. They didn't even apologize, not once. I will never return to this hotel. There is more bad:Extremely important the door wasn't sound proof, you could see a gap under each door, and everything could be heard from the hallway, so sleeping wasn't easy. There was construction on the pool the whole day Friday. Elevators only 2 were working. Parking structure is dirty and not safe. Lots of construction still going on. Shower had no pressure. No blackout curtains, light came in thru the sides. No clock in the room. Some ice machines weren't working, as well as vending machines. Cellphone service was horrible in the building.Had the Do Not Disturb sign on the door, and housekeeping knocked two different times!! The good:There is a refrigerator in the room, but not that cold.Beds were new, since they had just opened the hotel.Location, since its across the street from Caesars and the new promenade is very nice.
1	This is probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. If there were negative star reviews on Yelp I would click there for my rating. Stayed here during the official opening this past weekend (10/31-11/2) for my friend's Bachelorette Party. My friend had 3 non-smoking rooms reserved in advance, and specifically requested that one room be located closest to elevators for me since I recently had foot surgery and it would be difficult for me to walk far to get to my room. When I checked in, I found out that my room may have well been in a completely different hotel since it was so far out of the way from the ONLY WORKING ELEVATORS in the building (yes, apparently the hotel was not as ready to open as they should have been). My room was in fact near a set of elevators...elevators that were not in service the entire weekend. When I asked to have my room moved closer to the main (Working) elevators, I was told that the hotel was full and no rooms were available, but to check with the front desk between 11am and 1pm the next day to request another room. I called the front desk at 11am and was told it was to early for them to tell if a room would be available and to check back at 2pm. I went to the front desk between 2:30 and 3pm and the lady at the desk told me that she would reserve a room for me but it wouldn't be available until after 4pm or 5. I watched her write a room number on a key card case and put it aside. I went to dinner and returned to the front desk at 6pm. The woman at the front desk, Joana (different lady than before) had no idea what I was talking about, and said she didn't see any rooms listed under my name. She told me that the hotel was full and there weren't any rooms available. I told her of my many attempts to change rooms (due to THEIR mistake of putting my room next to non-working elevators), and she said she needed to speak with the manager. She left me waiting at the front desk for nearly 20 min (while I was standing in pain on my injured foot) only to return and tell me that she still couldn't put me in another room. At this point I was extremely upset and requested to speak with a manager, whom I then had to repeat everything and now inform HIM of the situation. He rudely repeated what the woman said about no rooms being available. I (in a raised voice by this point) had to remind him of my disability (foot injury) and the fact that I had not even mentioned the loose screws and parts on the floor of my room, and that he would regret denying an injured/disabled person access to a room near a working elevator, especially since I am an Elite Yelper and also reviewer on many travel sites. FINALLY, he decided to move me in a new room. I am still extremely disappointed that I had to yell and get that upset for them to correct their initial mistake and move me to another room. When I finally reached my new room, it was still not close to the main elevators, but much closer than my previous room. Walking down the hall to my room, I noticed cigarette smoke but thought it was just in the air from being on peoples clothing...when I got settled, I soon noticed the smoke was seeping into the room thru the vents and under the doors. Apparently I was in a SMOKING room, even though I specifically told the woman who changed my room that I wanted a NON-smoking room. I am usually able to tolerate cigarette smoke but this was horrible and I had difficulty breathing and sleeping. The cigarette smoke throughout the lobby on the way to the hotel rooms is also ridiculously strong...you would think that if the hotel was renovating, one of the first things they would do is invest in a better filtration system.During our stay, we came across many things that shouldn't have been, simply because the hotel wasn't together. While the decor of the room was nice, clean and modern (fixtures & furniture), there were loose screws, bolts and random metal pieces around the floor of our room (as I mentioned earlier), the bathroom fan didn't work & there were no manuals, maps, menus or anything about the hotel or room service anywhere in the room, no clocks, double room beds were full not queen, hotel pool was still under construction, etc. There was a soda/ water vending machine on my floor next to the ice machine, and when I went to buy water (there isn't a gift shop or store in the hotel), the vending machine was not working. I ended up having to drink tap water. Also, when I called to request a late check out on Sunday, I was told that they were not granting late check-out that weekend since it was a soft opening weekend. Seriously, don't stay here. Stay anywhere else...
5	Tara is awesome and so are the rest of the staff. I can't wait to come back again soon!
1	I'm a Las Vegas local, and I love staying at new hotels on the strip! But I also stay pretty often when I have guests in town. And if I can summarize the lengthy review below, I would say: SAVE YOURSELF. DO NOT STAY HERE.Firstly, when I made the reservation, I added my friend's name to the room so that she can check in when she arrived in town as I finished my work day. They did not let her check in. So instead, she had to leave her bags at bell hop and wander. **STRIKE ONE: INEXPERIENCED STAFF**. I called to complain and when she tried to check in again, they finally gave her a room key. When she got to her room, she was surprised to find that the front desk had given her a key to a room that was already occupied!! There were belongings of other people all over the room. And even though no one was there, this is bad! **STRIKE TWO: SECURITY BREECH**. When she finally changed her room and got her own, she requested that the room be next to mine (as I had reserved both rooms). They told her they will try to get it conjoined but can't make guarantees. Um hello, none of the rooms at this hotel even conjoin, so I have no idea what they were talking about.Secondly, the elevators at this hotel are horrendous. Apparently there is another set somewhere that is not yet operational, but every time we had to use the elevator to get to the rooms, it would be a horrendous wait. There were always about 20 people waiting to get on, and it seemed like only ONE elevator worked! This backfired because when we tried to check out on Sunday, it was a 30 minute wait to finally get down! What we ended up doing was we got on an elevator going UP. Then rode it all the way back down. During our decent, we stopped on every floor. And every floor, there were VERY unhappy people waiting to check out. **STRIKE THREE: HORRIBLE ELEVATORS - YOU WILL BE TRAPPED**Thirdly, there was a resort fee of $20/night and there is no resort here! The beautiful pool on the hotel website is fake. The pool is not done yet. There is no wifi. And even though I did not check the fitness center, I would be surprised if that was done too! When we complained about the report fee, they were only willing to take off ONE night. **STRIKE FOUR: CHEATING FEES**. Fourth, when we tried to hail a taxi, it was always a 5-10 minute wait. Does the staff actually call a taxi to come get you? I have no idea.. **STRIKE FIVE: TAXIS DON'T COME HERE**Fifth, sometime during my stay, my key stopped working. Okay fine, not a big deal, but when the elevators are this bad it's an extra 40 minutes to do a simple key change! I was so annoyed. Also, their key doesn't go into the slot. You're supposed to just waive it at the door. I don't know about you, but I think these keys could be easily hacked. I didn't feel safe here. **STRIKE SIX: SAFETY CONCERNS (AGAIN)**. Later that day, as I was waiting in my room for my friends to meet me, security guards came up to the room and asked for identification. They had no reason to check on me except.. maybe when my key was deactivated, they had accidentally given the room to someone else, just like the issue my friend ran into. So they probably had to send security up to make sure the people in the room were actually supposed to be there. **STRIKE SEVEN: SECURITY CONCERNS**.And the nightmare is not yet over! The charges that are pending on the credit card have not yet finalized, so I have no idea if the hotel had overcharged for my rooms. If the pending charges go through, then they more than doubled the charges they were supposed to charge when I booked the room. Then we're going to have a real problem when I complain. **STRIKE EIGHT: CHEATING CHARGES (AGAIN)**Actually, I think there were more issues with this hotel than I can possibly mention. Given that it's their opening weekend, maybe I should cut them some slack. But in reality, I had high expectations for this hotel. It's at a prime location, at the entrance of the new and popular Quad.. and it just failed.. miserably. The concerns I have are beyond just aesthetic appeal.. we have real inconveniences and real security issues here. I might stay one more time months from now to see how things progress.. but if they continue on this slope, I will NEVER stay here again. I will warn all my friends, all my family.. and just hope that new management takes over.My fellow yelpers, please stay away!
2	Ok so first of all ... Let me start with this was my birthday weekend ... I was SO excited to get to stay at a brand new (renovated) hotel - the first in a clean, gorgeous room with a killer view! Well ... Ha! Let me start with our arrival, we were there for 4 days, 3 nights so we parked in self park, thinking that the entrance doors pretty much lead you into the Linq. 20 mins later, lugging so much crap, we find the actual lobby/ casino ... After going through at least 5 construction zones and up and down stair wells as the elevators were either under construction or broken. We find check in - hurray! Staff was AMAZING! Loved every one we came across! Up to our room we go ... So excited for my high roller view room ... Yewww! Wait. Is that a parking garage??? Um yup. That's my birthday weekend view. And it looked like a car almost flew threw it. Wrong room, wrong view. We went out, partied, came back and fell asleep. Comfy bed, slept great! Woke up and I don't think there was room service (bummer - I like breakfast in bed), at least we didn't have a menu so we left and enjoyed ourselves. The elevators were broken 75% of the time. The shower "design" (only half was covered with a glass wall) there was a bar for curtain but maybe that was just for looks i'm not sure but what I do know is that all the shower water ended up on the bathroom floor ... Not cool. No taxis but that wasn't a huge deal for us. High roller wheel was AMAZING. Our fridge was broken. Not good circulation/ ventilation in the room. They said no coolers were allowed in the room, we never experienced this issue in our past 15+ Vegas trips. Note again the fridge didn't work. Loved the location! The shopping plaza was awesome. This hotel has potential but it was very disappointing for such a special birthday weekend. 2 stars but that's MAINLY for the staff we came across and the high roller wheel happy hour ;)
2	The casino is fine.  They did a decent job upgrading it from the Imperial Palace...  well, I'm reviewing Linq and Quad as the same thing, because really they are.  They have a great video poker bar inside with 100's of beers from around the world.  If it wasn't for that, I'd probably never come here.Their parking garage is a living hell.  It's old and should have been torn down and rebuilt with the rest of IP.  It took my friend and I like 20 minutes to get up the 6 floors due to difficult corners to turn at and lots of cars coming in and out.  Then on the 6th floor, the parking garage just ends with no warning, and there's nowhere to turn around and go back down.  Any cars queued behind you all need to back up to give you room to do a 17-point turn.100% the worst garage in Vegas, and I've pretty much been in them all.  Told a security guard that while stuck in line.  His response? "I work here, I know it."  How many accidents will we have to see before they fix this place?  Shame on you, Caesars.
4	Newer, casino to the strip! Theyre still renovating this casino so there is alot of construction heading in from the parking garage. the entrance from the lot to the casino is a little confusing,  they need more directional signs. The slots and tables are great and the drink service is fast! They have runners just taking orders and within 5 min the waitress is back with your beverage! !the security is AMAZING!  Shout to security guys CRAIG and KEVIN Q (manager). My phone died while playing the slots, and I asked them for a charge place for my phone, only to realize I had left the charger in the car! They both went and found me a charger to use., and then stuck around to make sure I had a sufficient charger that worked....excellent service!  MADE MY Trip!!! I  good customer service.  Great job guys, ill be back!!!
1	I checked in at 6:00 PM, not very late especially for Vegas. The person at the front desk they would have to try and find me a room. "Try and find me a room" I booked the room three weeks ago, don't find me a room, give me the room I booked! After 20 minutes they put me in a room with two fulls instead of a king, no big deal. However, my view was straight into a building next door with construction going on. I woke up to a guy standing on a latter right outside my window, hammering a wall!The photos on their website make it look like a hip new spot that got a legit remodel. This is not the case. The remodel was done cheaply. The photos do not show you that there is no closet. There is also no coffee maker. I had to pay $14 for really slow wifi.There was also a fire-alarm running out of batteries somewhere near-bye so I had to hear a chirp every ten minutes.
3	This is one of those reviews where I am really torn, half of my stay was a 1-2 star experience but the other half was 4-5 star. Let me explain. I am a Vegas regular and have stayed at nearly every major hotel on the strip.The GoodCheck-in, Despite what some other reviewers have said my check-in process was fast and easy. I waited in line no more than a couple minutes. I arrived at 10:30 on Friday morning, my room was ready, it was the correct king bed non-smoking room I reserved and they did not charge me any early check-in fee as some others have eluded to. Rooms: The new rooms are beautiful. Clean, well laid out simple yet stylish. Comfortable bed and linens. My room had a mini fridge which was nice. The room is not quite as luxurious as some other super high end spots on the strip but still  very nice and priced accordingly, I would call it a good value. My room had a cool view of the High Roller Ferris Wheel which is really cool at night. The revamped casino floor and lobby are beautiful. There is a wonderful center bar that makes some amazing hand crafted drink made from some really novel homemade infused vodkas. The Skittles candy infused vodka and red bull was a tasty treat. Plenty of table games in the casino, I even saw some $5 and $10 minimum tables which I have not seen on the strip in years, while I do not play that low of mins I thought I should mention it for those of you on a tighter budget.Location: A+ the center of the strip location can not be beat in my opinion. The shops at the Linq or Quad or whatever they call it: There is an alley between The Linq Hotel and The Flamingo and it is jammed with bars, restuarants and shops, very fun and convienient, lots of excitement happening here.Dining: Everwhere we ate on properyy was a 4 and 5-star experience but I will be leaving seperate reviews for those placesThe Bad....Yep, the other shoe just droppedPart of the resort property is still under construction, getting from the parking garage to the lobby was a major task. The parking garage itself is a nightmare. Signage is poor and floors are not clearly marked, you have to take one elevator down and then another elevator up a floor or two to get to the lobby, it was a hassle. Wi-Fi in the rooms did not work most of the time and it almost seemed like they had a jammer on the 4G on my phone to force people into paying for the crappy Wi-Fi or paying the resort fee. For most of the weekend I had no internet access either through my hotel Wi-Fi or my service proviers 4G network. I went downstairs to complain and the girl at the desk was friendly and said she would remove the resort fee from my bill however when I went to check out the charges were still there and had to wait for a manager to remove the charges which slowed down my checkout. In 2014 Wi-Fi is a basic ammentity, Linq needs to fix theirs and offer it for free.The lights in the bath room went out, not sure if a circuit popped or what but I had no electricity in the bathroom the last night of my stay. It happened right before I was heading out to dinner to meet friends so I did not want to wait for them to send up repair guys so I just showered in the dark. House Keeping: on Saturday morning I left my room before 9:00 am.  I left the house keeping sign on my door handle yet when I returned to my room at about 3:30pm my room had still not been cleaned. Needing a litle nap I just asked for some clean towles and tidied up the room myself. Taxi cab lines, these were the slowest cab lines in I have ever expeienced in Vegas, so bad I had to walk to other neighboring casinos to catch a cab whenever I needed a cab. For whatever reason taxi's do not come to the Linq, I waited in a cab line for nearly 30 minutes but there was only 5 people ahead of me when I got in line. In 30 minutes less than 4 cabs showed up. If I do not ever give the Linq another shot it will be becuase of the taxi cab issue, it was so frustrating and having to walk to other properties to hail a cab is a joke. All in all the positiives outweighed the negatives but I still can not bring myself to give more than 3-stars. I might go back and give them another shot once the construction is completed and see if they fixed their problems.
3	Although we did not stay at the Linq, we did spend a lot of time at the casino, especially in the Poker room.  They have a Daily tournament for $40, first one starts at 11:30 am and then ever 3 hours I believe.  It is a lot of fun and some good players with a well ran tournament.  Sports book is an OK size just need to get more sitting, we were there for the Sunday ticket and could not find a place to sit.  Ended up at one of the restaurants to watch the game.  The new o'shea's is located there as well and it's a fun place to just relax with friends and enjoy the beer pong.
5	Okay, we're here.  Yep you're right no upgrades we're in a room overlooking the parking lot. We're going to try again tomorrow. But the room is clean. Small, very small but clean. And we have a huge new flat screen TV.  Hubby and I wanted a king room and got two fulls (really? They still make full size beds?) but is fine not a deal breaker.   I'm a little upset about the no upgrade because we are Rewards Members and always get them but I'm thinking maybe there aren't any suites yet available. They did however give us $75.00 in food and drink credit and free tickets for the High Roller to make up for the no upgrade.  The High Roller tickets are expensivworking. Someone said they don't give you soap so we brought our own soaps we usually do but there is a nice assortment in our bathroom, including the little bar of face soap on the vanity.  The Casino is fun we played a little video poker at the bar and I win a nice jackpot at the slots. It's a small casino which I love you don't have to search for your travel mates!  I'm with my Dad and he said he's meet me in front desk and voila he was there!  You try looking for an elderly parent with no phone.  I would recommend this hotel.  The absolute best location if you like wandering around and the customer service is great everyone is helpful and I have seen nothing these reviewers have experienced.  And my wifi works fine! No problems but I don't do any work on my phone I just post yelp reviews :) I truly do not understand the negative reviews this placeWhy is it so important to have an ice chest when you have a fridge in your room free of charge?  And just so you know, not many hotels offer coffee makers anymore I bring my own I've always been weirded out by the room coffee makers. People can do stuff to them...enough said okay?  Pet friendly I kind of get.  If you are passing through town but why would you want to bring your guys and what would you do with them while you are out enjoying Vegas?  Leave them in the room?  Keep them with family or a trusted caregiver...dogs do not care about Vegas.  Lastly this hotel is under renovations.  Give them a chance...geez LINQ I have really stepped up to the plate for you....I should get some kind of perk.  :)Did I enjoy my trip yes I did!  Will I stay here again?  Probably not and ONLY because there are no tubs here.  And I associate my Vegas trips with long tub afternoons with my hubby and relaxation...so PH is my place I love those tubs maybe in the future LINQ can include some tub suites.  Otherwise...I was very happy and yes I loved that bar 3535?  Whatever I love our stay there.  They try hard.  Give them a chance, have a blast and stop complaining about things that don't matter. The Linq is trying to make good.  Of what I don't know because I really did like the IP.  And oh btw...I am a long time Vegas Tripper...Yard House is not part of the LInQ Hotel it is on the Linq promenade...shouldn't take points away for that..of course you won't be comped by the hotel it is not part of it...Why am I so protective of this place?  I don't know but I think the reviews are unfair.  This place is nice...Have a blast.
5	I stayed here the second weekend it was open as the LING Hotel.  Yes, it is newly renovated.  It just opened as the LINQ on 10/30 so if you are reading the reviews and they say the rooms are old, it's not the same place.The room has a clean, IKEA kind of look to it.  Younger feel and nicely decorated.  The room has  fridge, not common in Vegas, so that is a nice touch.  We were on the second floor overlooking the pool which is under construction.  No view but I'm not sitting in my room looking out the window anyway. I  could have upgraded to a High Roller view but not worth it for me.The check in went flawlessly.  Elevators have been redone.  They are not the same IP elevators, which I would have rather taken there stairs then go in the Imperial Palace elevators.Favorite part is the 3535 bar downstairs.  Great bartenders.  Great drinks and reasonable prices.Read between the lines on these reviews.  Yes, it is under construction.  Yes, the views are not the best.  Location cannot be beat.  I had excellent service.  You are not paying for a suite at Caesars so don't expect it.  But overall comfortable and very happy with my stay.  Will stay here again!
3	Great Location New Rooms but Needs Improvement NOVEMBER 7-10Booked my room on Priceline Name your own price $110 pr night + priceline fees. should have booked direct could've got room for $89 including resort fees. I ended up paying $67 resort fees for 3 nights stay.Upon arriving, parking access is behind the hotel off flamingo rd. Valet is free like most vegas hotels whoo whoo! Had tons of luggage bell service helped with that. To my surprise Bell Service would not carry my cooler outside my vehicle. Coolers are not allowed in room WTF. He suggested I place drinks in a separate bag, luckily I had a huge Costco Bag loaded it with my Beer, Liquor and water. Major Plus to the rooms you get a mini fridge inside very convenient Thank YOU LINQ. Keep them beers cold!The staff was nice for the most part up until you get to the elevators. Now I forgot my room key and the elevator cop refused to let me up. Understandable, next he begins to harass me asking me why I didnt have a room key and if I knew he could have me arrested for not having a key. This fired me up, I said to him that all those questions were irrelevant just tell me what I need to do to get to my room. Go to the front desk ask to give you a new key. If I were drunk or easily adjitated there would have been an incident with this A-hole, totally unnecessary. Just a reminder to all there is always a Security Guard posted at elevators must have key to go up and will not allow you to bring up coolers. We saw people waiting at lobby several times with coolers or waiting for someone to get them since forgetting room key. LINQ- TRAIN YOUR STAFF THEY DONT NEED TO BE ASSHOLES TO PAYING GUESTS, ASSUME EVERYONE IS A GUEST.This was the 2nd week since opening their renovated tower, there are several towers not all are renovated. The room was spacious you could easily layout a queen size mattress if traveling with friends we had King Size Bed. The flat screen TV is nice not that many channels to choose from though. There is no dresser just a small closet to place your belongings. Furnishings in the room look like you are inside of an IKEA. The bed was firm, good for me, the down comforter was very comfy slept well. The curtains were too short, sun was shining through corner in the morning my wife had to move a lamp and but it up against the curtain to cover the sunlight. Brand new AC/Heater units work well. Ice Machines and Soda Vending Machines on each floor.You are located right in the heart of  the strip everything is within walking distance, very appealing dont have to spend lots of money on cab rides. Valet would quickly bring vehicles down whenever we ventured out. The Casino Area is also renovated Im not much of a gambler but people seemed to be enjoying themselves. They have a highly rated restaurant onsite hash house a go go open 24hrs. I tried them in San Diego food was ok. Didnt try them here. Now the resort fee $23 per night is BS first of all pool area closed. The Gym has not been renovated old equipment but does the job if you are into working out. Should be optional. Wifi worked ok. I have unlimited internet on my phone not needed. In conclusion, I would return for its convenient location and clean rooms and if the price is right. I would first check all the other hotels in the area and if this one was significantly cheaper than I would still come back. Considering I dont stay off the strip I like to be within walking distance of everything.
1	If I could, this place would not getANY stars. We finally get to Vegas and the front desk lady kept telling us how we are the very few people to rent out the new hotel out of hundreds of rooms. So we asked if we can get an upgrade and she said no everything is full. Okay? Didn't you just say we are one of the few people to rent these new rooms during this week? Moving on, we get to the room and it's ridiculously small. It's renovated and looks new but as I was checking the restroom (I like to wipe down restrooms with antibacterial wipes due to my OCD) the toilet is stained no matter how many times you flush it. The Linq is supposed to be renovated but they can't clean toilets?! Plus, no complimentary lotions, no alarm clocks, no coffee maker.. Cover sheets are cheap. The list goes on. This is a hotel that I wish I never stayed at. AND, don't ever use their valet. We forgot some sunglasses in the car and when we got our car back it was gone. So yes, someone stole them. Yes I know not to leave any important items in the car.. But sometimes people do forget and it really sucks that you can't even trust their valet at a "new" hotel for a few minutes. Therefore, I wish I never stayed at the Linq. I really advise anyone not to stay here. The worst hotel I've stayed at in Vegas.
5	The remodel of this place is awesome. Half a star taken away for ongoing construction noise but when I hear about all of the changes they are making I understand that Rome wasn't built in a day. Bar 3535 is the the lobby bar with the beautiful design right by the front desk. It is a great place to stop to get your first Vegas drink before going up to your room. They also have fantastic Bloody Marys and cocktails. So you can successfully end your Vegas trip here as well. And of course everything in between. O'Shea's is open 24/7 so that's useful and super fun if you want to party. All in all, I like the Linq and all of it's offerings.
1	Extremely disappointed! I booked a three night stay at this place in August after visiting and seeing the hotel to be what appeared as almost finished. I came back in November to see things like Guy's restaurant condensed to half the seating, the daiquiri bar gone! And upon booking my stay I had requested a non smoking room. I later realized Linq offered pet friendly rooms. I called several times to inquire a room which was pet friendly. The day before my check in the front desk confirmed there would be no pet friendly rooms available. Fine, I paid $200 and left my fur babies at the pet hotel. Upon arriving to Las Vegas I was told the non smoking rooms were first come first serve and that I had the option of a smoking room or ... A pet friendly room. "Pet friendly  room?" I asked "yes" the front desk girl says. I became visibly saddened and irritated after driving 6 1/2 hours to here my dogs could have came and I waisted $200 extra dollars on top of what would already be an expensive weekend. Ok so we settled for the pet friendly room and The Linq hotel offered to remove all resort fees (as there are no resort amenities anyways) and they offered $75 food and beverage credit for the obvious disappointment. I was instructed by a front desk employee and her manager "eat anywhere besides Hash House A GoGo and charge it to the room" ok so the next day my husband, friend and I go to the Yard House, successfully charge $80 of food and beverages to our room at Linq. Happy customers. I went to check out today and was given grief because we chose to eat at the Yard House, as it was not a part of the Linq hotel. Well then why could I charge the meal to my room? Either way the front desk girl was able to speak with another manager and appeared to handle the charges. I left with a credit card receipt for $5. Later that day after returning home I check my credit card statement to see several additional charges for resort fees and a $75 food purchase! Overall the whole place is a mess, the parking structure is horrendous and I would never opt to stay here again...
2	We arrived yesterday..... FALSE ADVERTISING....... Room was dirty, only 1 elevator working, no hand soap, no comps or upgrades, NO COFFEE in room, no coupons, they "upgraded" us to the high roller ferris wheel view.....well its a parking lot with a somewhat view of the the ferris wheel. Then they gave us an other room closer to the elevator, with "no  view" ...but the view of was better. ROOM SERVICE: ha it's a joke......its all from the restaurant upstairs but ONLY from 6am to 1 am so if you are out till 1:30 you are out of luck, and you are not allowed to order in ......but you can buy outside and bring it in. HUMMM? DO NOT RECOMMEND
1	Booked my room through their deal with the Rock n Roll marathon and got a great price. Room was decent, nothing special. If you go make sure they are done with their construction, which they clearly aren't now. Casino and lobby are a mess. Construction work started right outside our window at 5 am. Nothing like getting some sleep.When we complained at check out, we were offered our resort fee of $16.80 back yet the couple in front of us was given $50 off their bill for the same complaint. Front desk staff wasn't very friendly. Bottom line, won't be returning.
3	I was about to write my review and skimmed some existing ones first. Rather than go on and on, just read Rich P's review. It is exactly what I was going to say:- Not sure if 2 star or 4 star- Great Location- Impossible Wi-Fi and zero cell reception- Good restaurants- Construction. The hammer drills started at 6:30AM. Elevators are brutal; half broken, the other half slow.The supposed easy electronic check in didn't really happen. I did it, but then no one was at the express desk where you should just pick up the key, so it's no different than any other check in.
2	Still have a lot of kinks to work out here. Loud construction at 7am. Customer service hit or miss... Mostly miss. The drink girls were terrible on the weekends. The dealers were very inexperienced. However, it was a cheap room that was decent and the promenade connected to the hotel is awesome. I'll try again in a year or so and see if it is any better.
3	I booked the room back in April when it was called The Quad.  Fast forward 6 months later as I am trying to prepare for my trip, I am looking for confirmation email and for the life of me, didn't see anything that mentioned the name change that occured before the re-opening recently. Kinda of annoying to have to search the internet to figure out what happened.The parking structure is confusing as heck.  It seemed like I was going up and down elevators to reach the front desk to check in.  The person who took care of me at the check in was professional but had a difficult time explaining to me why I had a balance due when I thought I already paid for my stay in full when I booked my stay months ago.  They didn't have all the elevators fully functional as they are still in the midst of the remodel.  So, it seems like everyone gets packed in to the elevator car pretty tightly or they have to wait a while for the next one.When I finally arrived at the room, I was pleasantly surprise by how chic the room look.  Well obviously, they certainly invested well in the remodel.  The bed was perfect and so were the pillows.  The bathroom had a nice step in shower with marble walls but no tub, which was fine by me.The cell reception was quite dicey.  Trying to figure out the wifi was confusing.  But since I was there to run the Rock N Roll Half Marathon, I didn't really stay in my room much.Considering that this hotel was one of the partner hotels listed by the Rock n Roll Marathon Series website, I was disappointed that they didn't have any signs or special perks for the guest who were running the race.  For a race that drew 30K plus participants, I'm pretty sure a good chunk of their business was from the racers.  A little something would have been nice as this particular race is quite popular.Overall, I would probably come back again.  Just hoping with my next visit, they have completed the remodel and things are flowing better.
1	Talk about putting lipstick on a pig. They think a fresh coat of paint to make this event a new hotel that can compete with the others. Still The dump that it was before. They also don't let you bring an ice chest to your room which was a pain as we had to unpack our stuff and bring it up in a bag. Tons of construction still. Parking is also not convenient. I would go to any other hotel before this one.
4	Yes, I'm giving it 4stars. I was very hesitant on staying here with all the negative reviews, but I did. Let me first back up and say I only stayed here becaus I purchased a smart circle coupon deal from my job last year. I had read the reviews then ...and hoped that by he time I visit in 2014 the construction would be done. Fast forward to July 2014, I signed up for the a Rock n Roll marathon and thought I check out the Quad ( was the name at the time of coupon purchase) checking reviews.....they still weren't the greatest. Loud construction, broken elevators, dirty rooms, theft....I mean after reading this who in their right mind would stay here?!? Me! So I had given my sister the disclaimer and said it's just a room, to sleep, it's reasonable let's do it. I went in with an open mind....To avoid any more headaches Valet park, check in was easy, elevators worked, never heard of any complaints of none working, room was clean. My wi-fi worked I had shampoos, conditioner & soap in a dispenser and They provided travel since Adequate room service. I just wished that there had been a clock, coffee pot and a Bible!
2	So... the casino half of this Hotel & Casino is great. (Relatively) cheap gambling, great bars, nice atmosphere. I'd come play here any time.But the hotel half? Yikes. Recently "remodeled," but clearly still inferior to just about everything around. The biggest difference between pre-renovation and post-renovation seems to be the price. There is an required $25 resort fee, which is the norm now for Vegas, but to offset that you get "high speed internet access" (normally $14 a day) for "free." The thing is, "high speed internet access" is about 0.5 Mbps down. But that's okay, for just $20ish more dollars a day, you can speed speeds TEN TIMES AS FAST! ...5 Mbps down. I get that there are lots of guests and many who would like to connect to the wifi, but including WiFi in the resort fee and then THROTTLING it in an effort to make more money is just dirty.Seriously, I would get faster speeds by tethering my phone and connecting to the LTE it provides. Except... There is no cell coverage. Like, barely 3G speeds. And at first I thought "Gee, maybe it's just T-Mobile?" Except I am here with friends that have both AT&T and Verizon. And here's another weird thing: all of us have full coverage everywhere except here. On the 14th floor of a newly remodeled "resort" on the Las Vegas Strip. So we can't use our phones, and the WiFi is unusable (unless we fork over even more cash). This is 2014, and a situation like this is insulting. Holding usable speeds at ransom is despicable.The room itself is fine for what it is: a small, basic room. It's a bed to sleep in, a TV to watch, and a shower to wash up in. 300ish feet, a few new-looking fixtures, and a C+ view. At least the A/C is cold. I wouldn't mind hanging out here if I could DO anything while I was here, but at this point I can't even receive phone calls. Do yourself a favor and only stay here if it is absolutely necessary, or if you don't plan on being in your room at all and just need a bed to land in at the end of the night. The effort put into the recent remodel is appreciated, but at this point the price has gone up to the point that the difference between this and a better casino nearby is negligible and well worth the extra cost.
5	This place was once the Imperial Palace, then it was The Quad and now The Linq and boy is it a HUGE upgrade from the old IP. The rooms are redone with more modern features and it's like an entirely new hotel and it's wonderful. The 3535 bar sells great fancy drinks at typical Vegas prices. The rooms are very nice and plush. The casino floor offers a very good variety of games from pennies, nickles, quarters, dollars and no high limit area (that I've seen) and tables range from $5-$25 minimum. The bad? As of Nov 23 still the pool is being redone and the last tower is being refurbished with the new rooms. The gym is TINY, and some areas are still under construction, the parking is just crap but then again who really drives anywhere once you park? but overall I love it here.
2	The place stinks of smoke like when it was the Imperial. The rooms are tiny. The WIFI works about half the time or less. The casino area is small, the only saving grace is the staff are attentive.The bars and restaurants on the walk way are all nice.
2	Our stay here was decent, but I don't think we would stay here again.  I was running the rock n roll half marathon so I was thrilled how closely the hotel was located in relation to the finish line, and that was the main draw.  We took the airport shuttle and our driver told us the hotel does not have a designated drop off area for shuttles so we had to be dropped at Harrah's and walk our bags over to the hotel which was a pain.  There were also no real signs directing you from Harrah's.  We knew there was still construction happening so we specifically asked to be in a room that wouldn't have construction views or noise.  Well, we were placed right outside the construction and there was a chute right outside our window that chunks of concrete and building debris were thrown down.  It woke us up at around 7:30-8 on Monday morning and was so loud we were startled out of bed thinking it was an earthquake or something.   There still seemed like other things that weren't completely finished.  The toilet ran for hours after being flushed and there was no info book in our room to reference for check out times, etc.  The location was nice, close to the promenade, Starbucks, monorail, etc.  That's the main advantage I would say.
5	If you've been here in the past, chances are it's different now than before. That's a very good thing. This hotel used to be a real dump when it was the IP and the Quard. Not anymore.We had a great stay at the Linq. The new rooms are modern and fantastic. No, they're not larger than they were before, but they make good use of space. There's a mural behind the bed (not every room has the same one) that's backlit under the headboard. The nightstands have lamps with 2 outlets on them for charging and the small desk built into the wall has an additional 3 outlets and wired internet built into the desk. There's also WiFi which I did not use, as I had plenty of Verizon LTE in my room and in the casino. The bathroom has a shower with rainfall showerhead and plenty of hot water. The closet area has a small fridge built in.Service was excellent - even the housekeepers were friendly - and there was no shortage of people cleaning and dusting the halls and making the place look like new. Construction is still ongoing. It's limited to outdoors between the parking garage and entrance and the area leading back to the guest elevators. The pool area is still under construction as is the spa. They are also still doing about half of the rooms in the hotel - I noticed while riding the High Roller that the rooms closest to the strip were all dark so those must be the rooms still being refurbished. You wouldn't know it from walking off of the elevator - that's all new - and we didn't encounter any noise during our stay. While we did hear several rooms getting their party on walking from the elevator to our room, once we were in our room we didn't hear any noise.The casino is a fun place to play and both my wife and I won more here than the other places we played. The new lounge off the lobby (3535) has great cocktails with infused liquors and again very friendly service. Hash House is probably the best breakfast in Vegas. I don't think we encountered anyone working at the Linq that didn't seem happy to be there. Even the guards checking room keys at the elevators were fun.Stay here. I'd come back again in a heartbeat.
2	A potential to become a decent hotel but not close to even being there as of 11/25/2014. I would suggest travelers to consider other options for the Vegas lodging at least until Spring 2015. We stayed in a Deluxe King. The followings are the positive, area of improvements and unacceptable conditions:Positive:1) Centralize location in the heart of the Vegas Strip and LinQ Promenade2) Customer service have improved from previous reviews during the opening of the Hotel (10/30/2014)3) Room is modern and fairly spacious.4) Strong pressurized water flow for the showerArea of Improvements:1) Quality Control, review of hotel rooms, and system synchronization:     - Example: registration system indicate a King bedroom but once we went to the respective room the room was 2 full size2)  Lack of attention for the House Service team:     - Missing Alarm Clock, bath robes, Ipod Stereo , which are all listed in the hotel website.       - Body Wash, Shampoo, Conditioner were all empty during our stay. Isn't it in the cleaning process to refill each time? 3) Blackout curtains does not cover the entire window. Sun will shine through in the morning. 4)  Minimal amenities a basic hotel may offer:      - Front desk indicated Body Lotion is not provided      - No Desk lamp but there are bed lampsUnacceptable conditions:1) Expect to hear construction work and LOUD noises starting @ 7am each day!     - Constant work noise and earthquake like vibrationsAdjust your expectation accordingly if you are consider staying at the LinQ Hotel in 2014. A potential to become a decent hotel but not close to even being there as of 11/25/2014.
4	What a transformation from imperial palace hotel.  Modern and fancy decor casino floor and guest room.  The walking street LINQ was beautiful, it was great combination with High Roller.
3	When I had originally booked this hotel I was under the impression that the hotel will be fully remodeled for its grand opening on Oct 30, but that was not the case. Almost a month later they are still currently doing construction on this place.Stayed here this past weekend for 4 nights. Once arrived we were greeted by valet and directed to hotel receptionist. I was able to check in an hour earlier, the receptionist originally asked if 6th floor would work but after reading all the reviews prior to my trip I decided to ask for something higher, ended up staying on the 17th floor. There is a security guard right by the elevators checking everyone's room key prior to going up. Only 3 out of the 4 elevators were in operation. The room was decent, clean linen, refeidgerator and a slight view overlooking the Linq promenade. At night I would be able to hear the music outside on the promenade but I was so exhausted the noise didn't bother me so much. The noise that did bother me  was being woken up to jack hammering on the roof on Monday morning which was not pleasant and the constant noise of construction went on throughout that day till about 5PMIt's a decent place to stay for the price we paid and the location on the strip met our needs. The Linq promenade was conveniently located with access to restaurants, stores and a 24 hour Starbucks.
1	I'm sure this place is a work in progress but it should have been torn down. The rooms are very small and modern. Not a fan if having the a/c blow right on me at night either. Parking is not much fun. I would not stay here again.Edit:Stayed there again to "give them a chance" it was even worse this time. I had more interactions with the staff at all levels and was not impressed. Most of the staff seems to not have a clue what they are doing, even the Vip office. I know for sure I will never set foot in this place again.
3	I haven't stayed at the LINQ hotel but I was frequently in here as we were staying at the Flamingo.  The Flamingo doesn't offer free wifi so we came in here to use the wifi and check in for our flight the next day.  We sat in the lounge where there was seating as a DJ spinning the tunes.  She played dance mixes of old and new but the lounge wasn't too busy.  The server came to see if we wanted drinks but didn't bother us after we declined the first time.We also came in here looking for the Guy Fieri restaurant and walked around while waiting for a table to be available.  There's a small convenience shop across the way from the restaurant.  It sells alcohol, Vegas souvenirs, snacks, and popcorn but you are paying much more than Walgreens or CVS.The slot machines and tables weren't very busy every time I walked through and I saw the bar servers walking around.  Like that the Promenade and shops are close by.
1	Only giving one star as this place was a wreck! I booked rooms prior to opening so there were no reviews when I booked. The front desk people are unbelievably rude and refuse to assist or take care of the customer. Really really bad. Ran out of toilet paper and called down to house keeping seven times... Never received it... Construction is constant and loud! Never should have opened with that kind of work going on. And employees need to be trained to be better accommodating. They have tons of nasty attitude!
5	I booked our room at The Linq a few months before their opening. On our drive up to Vegas I made the mistake of checking out reviews online. I was a little worried until I realized that the majority of the reviews were about construction and the parking garage.We occupied a deluxe King room in tower 3, 12th floor and were very happy with the accommodations: 1) The room was beautifully decorated and spacious, 2) The bed was wonderful, 3) The marble shower had a rainfall shower head and there was plenty of room on the sink top for our toiletries, 4) The clothes storage was open to avoid nasty bed bugs that come along with the usual arrangement, 5) Plenty of room to stow our luggage and 6) a small desk to keep up on work if needed.Over the years we have stayed at many other hotels on and off the Strip. This is the first hotel that we will return to.
1	Strike 1: Getting rid of the dealertainers. Freddie Mercury to be exact.Strike 2: That doucher, Guy Fieri, has a restaurant here now.Strike 3: THE FAT TUESDAY IS CLOSED. I've gottta say i am a bit bitter about how they took the good ol' IP and turned it into this.
2	Wow! The resort fee is $28.00 a day...!Is it because, MGM Grands's resort fee are Aria, Bellagio, Delano, Mandalay Bay, MGM Grand, The Mirage, Vdara, The Signature at MGM Grand: from $28...?And top of that Caesars Entertainment properties (except for Ceasear Palace) resort fee include spas and fitness centers But, at Linq there is no spa and the all exercise machines are old the room was very small ones still  at the old property..I don't know why I paid top resort fee but not get all the advantages is supoose to come with...!But only thing your get is wifi for two devices..!Only reason we stayed was this was new remodeled property, anyway...!Everything else was still kind of nice though..!
4	The Linq has been renovated and looks like a decent hotel now. The interior has been updated nicely with marble floors and new carpets. It has come a long way from the historic imperial palace. The exterior has also been painted brining new life to what was a a very dated property. With the addition of the Quad Area, including the High Roller, retail shops and restaurants, this has become the happening place to be at during the daytime and also night. Caesars Entertainment has made substantial investments throughout the strip and it is finally attracting more patrons... It's just a shame that they may soon file for BK as they no longer have cash flow to continue operations and interest payments through 2015. I would hope they sell their properties to people that will continue their progress in maintaining Las Vegas Boulevard.!!!
2	The last time I step foot here was when it was the Imperial Palace. The Imperial Palace changed its name to The Quad, and  then added a new section called The Linq. There's probably 15 floors but don't think its a small hotel.  It streeeeeetches to 1000's of rooms per floor.   My room was 30858.. not sure what the 30 means, but we were on the 8th floor with the view of the "High Roller" attraction.  Literally, folks, my room was looking AT the attraction, and we had to walk 1/4 mile to get to our room.Slapping a new coat of paint, and adding updated furniture helped the Imperial Palace, but in the end, its still the god awful Imperial Palace, with the small shoebox of a room.  Even housekeeping had not improved.  On our first day, housekeeping forgot to give us a complete set of towels and bottled water.  The second day, she forgot tissue.  Elevators are slow, and rooms are minimalistic, where you get 1 chair for the entire room.  No coffee maker, and I think the glasses they gave us were used, and just wiped down.The only positive part is it was free, and they paid me to stay there. Sorry but never again.  Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me again by calling it the Linq.. shame on me!We got Stephen's mom a free room next door at the Flamingo (which is supposed to be lower in ranking) and her room beat our room hands down.  She even got a coffee maker!
1	If I could give half of a star I would. First off, they told us the construction was complete, not so. We checked in on Thursday (4 rooms in our group) and had asked when the reservation was made for adjoining rooms. We were told at check in that they didn't offer them. The rooms are small, but you don't really need large one in vegas. Decorated ok, bathrooms tiny. Small shower, one sink and toilet, not enough room for 2 people to be in at the same time. At 8am Friday morning we woke up to beeping and metal scraping noises out our window.  There was construction being done, and some idiot put the truck in reverse, left the vehicle on with the back up warnings on. The banging and scraping noises were them cutting off the concrete balconies, and sending them into a metal chute into the metal dumpsters. It sounded like a war zone. We complained, and they moved us to a room that had an adjoining room, after they told us they didn't have them on the property. While brushing my teeth in the bathroom, I could hear clear as day the man in the next room peeing. Super thin walls! They don't have a buffet,  you have to go next door to the flamingo. A very disappointing hotel.  They pretty much put paint on with minimal upgrades and the are promoting the heck out of it, which I have no clue why. There are much nicer properties in vegas,  they just need to implode this one and start fresh. Also, I held 2 of the rooms on my credit card, they said when my group checked in they would charge theirs.  Well, true to form, they messed that up too, now I have to ask my friends for the money because they can't handle simple reservations. Also, no black out curtains, and the ones they do have don't close all of the way so light comes in super bright. No clock or coffee maker either. Cute little fridge though. They seem to have issues with getting enough taxis on the property.
3	Room is beautiful and awesome with great design.Self parking garage is kinda far away from lobby.Hotel staff is nice but casino staff is not.I had no fun with the dealer, they don't really talk and they just dispatch the card from the mix machine. I would prefer they do hand mix the cards.
2	IF YOU HAVE A RESERVATION HERE, CANCEL IT NOW. The positives (there are many).  Friendly and professional parking valet, front desk staff, bell men and housekeepers.  Quick, easy check-in.  Nice, remodeled rooms.  Comfortable beds.  Good location on the strip adjacent to the Linq Promenade.  The negative.  CONSTRUCTION NOISE.  It is very loud.  My wife and I wore ear plugs and the construction noise was still very loud (we always travel with ear plugs).  It's a loud, constant, pounding noise.  We were unable to sleep once it started at about 6:30 a.m.  It's significant.  Come back when the remodel is complete because this property has a lot of positives.  It is only half complete at this point according to the staff.  My 2 cents.
4	This ain't the Imperial Palace anymore.So when I'm in Vegas, I don't look for much in a hotel room: a good location and a clean, comfortable bed. After all, how much non-sleeping time am I going to be spending in my room? However, I had always avoided staying at the Imperial Palace because it was too old, too dark, too dirty. Well, I was browsing rooms a couple of months ago in preparation for a winter Vegas trip and saw that there was no longer an Imperial Palace, no longer a Quad. It was The Linq (the q is for 'qlassy') and it looked so much better in the photos! And the same price as my usual haunts (Bally's, Harrah's)! So I took a risk. I gave it a shot. Let's go with the great unknown and see what happens!This was a good risk, people. My husband and I went down for our visit on some weeknights at the beginning of December. Navigating the parking garage was a bit interesting, but once we got into the casino we were impressed. First, I was able to check in online and received a text message when our room was ready (which happened to be very near the time we arrived in Vegas). Usually, check-in time is 4pm and I have been charged at other Caesar's casinos for checking in early, but was not at The Linq. (Maybe this went away when they added resort fees?) Perfect. Our room was very modern, minimalist, and IKEA-esque. The bed was super comfortable, and there was even a nice flat screen TV! The shower was nice as well, with tiled walls and good water pressure. However, our toilet was having a "jiggle the handle" problem, which was a bit annoying, but not a huge deal. There was also loud construction noise each morning we were there. We sleep like the dead so it didn't really bother us, but keep that in mind if you're a light sleeper. I also really dug the casino itself. I made a couple of bets at the sports book and had no problems. We had a couple of drinks and played some video poker at the bar across from the check in desk, and had a blast. They specialize in infused spirits, which is never a bad thing. The poker room is also great for casual, low stakes players like me. They have a tournament every few hours with a $40 buy in and I played in one of these. The dealers were professional and the other players were laid back and nice; a great atmosphere. And the best part about this place is the location. Most of the awesome things on the strip are a short walk away, and if they aren't, the monorail stops right there. Overall, I'd definitely stay here again.
3	I stayed here for the last 3 nights. WHAT A BIG CHANG IN SERVICE!!! Before, when it was the Quad/ Imperial Palace,  the service was hit or miss. The rooms were always clean and the price and location was excellant, but, service?...... Not so great.  Upon checking in, they were friendlt, courtoou6, and fast. The bell desk delivered my luggage quickly and the room was totally remodeled to a more modern-day style. The room service staff was courteous and quick and professional.  While gambling,  my drinks were quickly brought to me. The only couple of problems I had was that there is NO clock in the room and the liquor in the casino was sub-par. Other wise... I would definitely stay here again!
3	I know I am only rating "The Linq or The Quad or Imperial Palace" 3 stars, but I love staying at this place.  It is the best location in Vegas for rock bottom prices.  You will not be amazed by the rooms, but you will by the location.  Step out side and everything is right there.  Do a little bit of gambling and sign up for the players card and you will be getting promotions all the time for either discounted or free rooms.If you stay here and don't expect to get a 5-star resort... you will love this place and come back.
1	Terrible hotel.  I usually spend 50+ nights a year in a hotel and this is easily the worst experience I have had in years.  We originally were given a room overlooking about 10 dumpsters on the 3rd floor and asked to move so we wouldn't be woken up early by the trash truck.  We moved to the 19th floor.  6:30 am construction of some sort started directly above us.  After several calls to the front desk and GM the noise is still going on at 9am almost non stop on the floor above us.  I would equate it too trying to sleep directly below a bowling alley.  Chairs and furniture are being drug across the floor almost non stop.  I am checking out a day early, this is just unacceptable.  I could have gotten more sleep with a mattress on the strip.  The shops at the linq are nice, lots to do, the hotel has been a nightmare experience.
2	My main issue with this place is the noise because it's still undergoing construction.  One of the main reasons I came to Vegas was to relax and catch up on sleep since I have a 1 year old and he never sleeps in.  Construction started at about 6:30 am and even though I was on the 18th floor the windows did a poor job of trying to muffle the noise.  They offered to switch us across the hall, but I opted out because if the noise travels up 18 floors I doubt walking across the hall would make much of a difference. I get the fact that when you're in Vegas you should be on the move out and about,  but there were times during the day I wanted to take a nap and was not able because it was so annoyingly loud!!!! The fact that I wasn't able to sleep passed 6:30 am because that's when construction started kills me.  If I wanted to wake up at 6:30 am I would have stayed home. A hotel that you can't sleep in is about as pointless as a rental car you can't drive. It just ends up being a huge waste of money.  I am only giving them 2 stars for customer service since we received a credit for 1 day of their resort fee charge.  If you value sleep don't stay here.
3	This hotel is nice & new, and in about a year when all of their renovations are complete, it will be at least a 4-star establishment.  Our stay (Dec 17-20) was probably a 1 or 2 star experience at best, but it feels wrong to dock them for trying to remodel and still rent rooms.  I mean what are they supposed to do?  I guess they could've assigned us a different room since I'm sure they weren't completely booked (she did offer to move us... eventually, but it was too late for all that).  If you stay here DURING CONSTRUCTION, here's what to expect: *no daytime napping OR sleeping past  6:30/7am (noise begins).  *no daytime TV watching, unless you blast the volume.  *terrible WiFi connection in rooms; they recommend going to Starbucks or calling the internet help desk for a signal refresh.  *sidebar... Isn't it YOUR JOB, hotel clerk, to get my WiFi signal refreshed??  *the hot tub/ spa as well as the swimming pool is unavailable (due to construction)... and the Mgr will lie to you, saying "All hotels close their pools during the winter so you're not missing anything by staying here."  FALSE.  While having afternoon coffee at the Bellagio, several guests were enjoying their pools, lifeguard on duty and all!!  I loooove a hot tub, especially in winter :( *another sidebar... a mandatory $25 /night "resort fee" is supposed to cover (or provide access to) basic resort amenities like WiFi, swimming pools, housekeeping, etc...  But if WiFi is down, pools are closed, sleep is deprived, and I don't require housekeeping for a 3-night stay, what did I actually pay $75 for??  (Grant it, upon checking out, she offered to refund $25 for all of the inconveniences.)
1	WTF kind of hotel parking is this?!   You go underground but the valet was closed.  So I self parked and walked around in circles because there are no signs. Then I found my way out to where the Linq High Roller is and asked them where the hotel was...and they said that I needed to go into O'Shea's Casino.  What a pain in the a$$.
1	Currently staying here and I literally can't even. Our room was comped, but I definitely won't be back, nor do I recommend this hotel to anyone.It's still under construction so there's that. The parking structure is super sketchy. It's not well lit and it's confusing as heck to get in to. I'm from Long Beach, and our structures are nicer than this. What the heck.We had our room comp email and brought it to the front desk lady who told us that we had to book the room online and then come back. Basically she was saying she cannot even do her job which is to book rooms.I don't get cell service in here except for maybe in 5 minute pockets.For the room:The room is small, there isn't a coffee maker, the bathroom door doesn't close all the way, the channel selection sucks, and our view is of the sketch parking structure. We didn't pay for anything and I feel jipped.Go anywhere else. There are a million places to go on the strip
5	The best mid range casino on the strip,  drinks keep on coming when your playing on tables,  cute waitresses and clean atmosphere. Will be planning to stay here next time again!
5	It's true that they're still doing construction. However,  I think that for $296 for 3 nights (dec. 24th-27th) booked  sometime in Oct. I think this place is awesome! The location is right in the middle of the Strip. The rooms are clean and everything is brand spankin' new ..with a firm bed...bow chika wow wow ;)What's close by:Ceasar's PalaceFlamingoEllis Island cafeHigh RollerThe Linq Promanade ...Ya get the idea
1	Grumpy staff, mediocre casino, and there is some fucking construction going on. It starts at 7:00 am like it is necessary and it does not stop until everyone in the hotel is awake early. I will not come back ever again.
1	Hmmm let's see , we have a reservation a Guys and of course the husband wanders off. I stop and ask where he is heading the casino. I shrug like whatever I'll wander with the kiddos. Turn to walk away to get stopped by svete the rentacop. No kids in the casino!  Oh no I reply we are going to the restaurant . No you and the kids have to go outside.  I'm like ... Whaa?  The hotel is jammed packed with children walking the same areas no one is in the casino so why can't we go to the restaurant?  No children must wait outside. It's in the 30s and we are guests seriously? .  Husband runs back like no no I won't gamble, we'll just walk on. No children need to go outside. That's where I'm about done . I ask him if he realizes we are guests and it's freezing and since hubs is there he's is like oh no you can walk on. Seriously ?? I go to management and yep his name was Carlos Santana (total double take) he agrees it's cold and if the kids were able to move on it shouldn't be a problem. But outside is completely illogical especially when it's cold. Regardless this place has left a bad taste in my mouth. The amount of people complaining before me should have given me a clue at the quality of service.  Staying at the Cosmo
1	Staying at Linq for the holidays. Since 6:30-7 am they are doing some sort of construction. Non stop noise and banging. This place is not relaxing at all. Vegas, you stay out so late and when you want to relax, the stupid construction won't allow you. We called guest services,they transferred me twice and third time after being on hold for 7 minutes, I talked to some one and requested a manager to come to our floor and hear this noise. He apologized and said we give you $50 credit in food n beverage. I said this credit is not going to help me relax. Keep the credit and get rid of this noise. He said oh, they are not suppose to do construction this early but I guess because of holidays. After all noise remained the same and they suggested we change our room. Insane holidays at LINQ.
1	I DON'T RECOMMEND STAYING IN LINQ HOTEL IN VEGAS. First of all, you come to your room around 3 am and construction starts around 6 am.. It's a loud freaking noise like they are digging or drilling asphalt constantly. It's very loud and annoying. Second, your phone doesn't work In this big building, it's 21th century and phone doesn't work. That's so stupid. Third, if you ask for extra blanket, they only give per person. Their none working Wifi that keeps dropping is limited to two device and for each extra device you have to pay $13... stupid.. If my own phone was working in their vicinity then I had less problem but your phone doesn't work so we used our two device limit for me and my husband's phone so we couldn't even connect our iPads or laptops because was stupid to pay $13.99 box extra for each device... The casino has no good ventilation and it's like you are walking in a smoke room. There is no central air condition unit in the room and it's loud like the one in old motels...Anyhow for the price we paid I could have stayed in a 4 star hotels but we decided to stay here given that it was a newer  built but that was mistake.
5	I walked down here to see how this casino looked and where it was. Apparently it replaced the Quad and is a huge improvement. It's a classier looking casino that features the High Roller: an enormous ferris wheel that has provides seating for a unique dining experience. The stores outside between Harrah's and the Quad is now between the Linq and the Flamingo.
4	I was super nervous about my stay because of all the negative reviews. I booked the room for a family reunion in Las Vegas and was looking for something in a good location that wasn't too pricey. This hotel fit both of those criteria and more! It's the old imperial palace, but it's been beautifully renovated. Nice and modern, fairly minimalist. Rooms were clean, comfortable and fairly spacious; definitely bigger than other boutique-type hotels. And the location is awesome. The Linq promenade is so cute and has great restaurants. I love that they have dispensers in the shower so as not to waste so much with individual toiletries. I didn't have any issues with construction noise either... Both mornings, my husband and I woke up past noon! (They were also gracious enough to give us a 2pm checkout on the second day). All in all, a solid choice for anyone looking for a decent room in the middle of all the strip has to offer.
1	I wish that I could give a rating in a negative amount of stars. This place is an absolute shit hole with the worst customer service I have ever encountered in my life. I would not stay here again even if they paid me to. I looked on Yelp before I made the reservation here. Since most of the complaints and bad ratings seemed due to the construction at the time, I called the front desk to make sure that construction would be completed by the time of our arrival. I woke up to the sound of construction this morning. I work in construction so usually things like that don't bother me too much, it is just one of those things that has to be done. However, I am not talking about some guys hanging from scaffolding and banging hammers. I am talking about heavy equipment and large peices of metal being banged around first thing in the morning.  I'm really not sure what they're doing out there, but from the sound of it I would guess that they are errecting an actual sized replica of the statue of liberty. When we first arrived and could finally check into our room, completely exhausted after traveling way too early in the morning, we were absolutely disgusted. Not only are the pictures online taken at angles that make them seem a LOT larger than their actual size, but our room was dirty. The carpet had not been vacuumed, there was hair on the bathroom floor, stains on the pillowcases, and some absolutely disgusting I-don't-want-to-know-what on the side of the bed frame. When I called down to the front desk to inform them of our problems, the woman who answered spent 10 minutes arguing with me before she sent up the housekeeping manager. I was informed that the person who told me that construction would be finished had been wrong and maybe I had called the wrong number because NO ONE there would have EVER said that. Then I was informed that these rooms were just gutted and remodeled, so there was NO WAY that there were stains on any of the pillowcases or that the room was as dirty as I said, but she would send the housekeeping manager up to check. Apparently the motto "The customer is always right" has been replaced here by "Blame it all on the customer". After the housekeeping manager came up, saw the room and fed us some story about a trainee cleaning it, we were offered a different room. Not a nicer room for all of our trouble, just a different room. With a worse view. The manager comped our "resort fee" for the three day stay (amounting to a whopping $70 savings). (I'm not entirely sure what the resort fee is for in the first place, since half of the amenities listed on their website seem to not exist.) At this point we asked if we could just get a refund and go to another hotel, or even just to transfer to another property owned by the same company. Apparently since we booked through Travelocity, that was not an option. We called them, they were rude and less helpful than the hotel, but I'll save that for another review. So now here we are. Being held hostage in one of the crappiest hotel rooms I have ever had the displeasure of staying in, because no one can seem to figure out how to give us a refund, or an upgrade, or a transfer.  The room is about the size of a shoebox, with no windows that open to the outside. I'm not usually claustrophobic,  but I pretty much want to crawl out of my skin while laying here and I have a stuffy nose from the lack of fresh air. There is absolutely no insulation in the walls. I just listened to my neighbor pee. Also got to listen to him having sex last night. I feel like maybe I have to buy him a drink now or something. The "remodel" that they spoke of was a piss poor attempt at a lackluster cosmetic makeover and the bed is about as comfortable as passing out on a stack of newspapers. And there is no coffee maker. FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT IS HOLY, WHY WOULD YOU LEAVE HUNGOVER PEOPLE WITHOUT COFFEE IN THE MORNING?????? I could continue,  but if you have read this far and still have any desire to stay here, then you are just dumb enough to deserve to stay here.PS- The neighbor just peed again. I have to know that, so now you do too. I'm really hoping to be dressed and gone before he has to poop.
3	The noise was just uncomfortable due to construction which starts at 6am and goes on the whole day.  Also, you can hear hallway noise, your next door neighbor and above you.  The room is not properly sound proof.  The aircondition unit was right next to one of the beds.  Cold/Hot air just blows on you.
1	You can rename and put lipstick on a Pig, but the fact is its still a PIG. Look at the 600+ reviews on their previous business page for The Quad Las Vegas Resort & Casino. It tells the story. They may have remodeled part of it but the fact is their management team is less than stellar and their housekeeping is atrocious. Watch out for unadvertised extra fees and credit card hold charges without advanced authorization. Its one thing if they actually cared and tried to learn from reviews and customer complaints but the fact is they just dont care. If negative reviews existed, this hotel would be the poster child...
2	The customer service is terrible, the workers are rude and you have to pay for the WiFi.
1	Just some quick thoughts on my stay at the "new" Linq Hotel & Casino, a place I will highly not recommend.Front desk staff was the worst of my stay - and my first impression. Here are a few things that set my entire New Year's Holiday week off in the wrong direction:1 The registration desk was fairly small and no clear signs on where Platinum (or higher) members were to go to take their advantage of their membership.2 I attempted to check in early and was immediately told it wasn't available. Understandable, but asked to check in anyways and be contacted when available like I have been in 3-4 of the other Caesars properties. I was looked at like that has never been done before and was denied. "Just come back at 1PM and see what we have available," she said.3 When I went back at the requested time, I asked for a strip view. Granted, they weren't completed with remodeling, but instead of a courtesy "I'm sorry, those rooms aren't available," I got a very defensive response: "Ha! No, we have no rooms on that side." Then I asked for as high up as possible and smoking and was interrupted with a "No. All smoking rooms are ONLY on the 7th floor."4 Then I was told I had to put down $200 deposit for my complimentary room. This is common for whenever I stay at the Caesars properties. I never want to do this and request that do not charge me and I will handle all room charges on my own. The clerk and I went back and forth on this until she called the manager over. I advised Caesars Palace never does this to me, and he said they were two different properties. I advised, same company to which he threatened to cancel my reservation! Having no choice, I accepted the $200 deposit. (Which, by the way, was not meant for room charges as I learned later when trying to use some of that. It was just some blank deposit that took more than 2 days to be returned to me - as of writing this review, I have not received my deposit back.)I might be paranoid, but in retaliation from my objections at the front desk, I got the absolute worst room available with construction outside that was so loud, it rattled my window beginning at 6AM and ending pretty late in the day. (I should've been told, or at minimum apologized for, the construction would be both very loud and begun at 6AM. At times, I couldn't even hear my TV thanks to the rattling outside.) Not to mention the view was horrible.The room itself was average, at best. The window was not tinted, so everyone could look into other people's rooms and the place was hyper small with an air conditioner from a Motel 6 and a not-so-comfortable bed. Also, the smoking room had no ash tray, no lotion, small bathroom, TV with no visible plug-ins and I could hear everything in the adjoining rooms and hallway. Overall, it was, in fact, the Motel 6 equivalent of the other Caesars properties. I got the room comped from my play at Caesars, but for the price I saw online, my jaw dropped on how this was barely worth $29/night.The only positives about the place were the staff outside the front desk and the shampoo/conditioner/body wash dispensers in the shower were very nice. But, the first impression and the highly mediocre room will have me never stepping foot into the establishment any time soon.
3	I stayed here for 3 nights and was sketchy about it because of all the bad reviews. The location is legit so we took the risk. The Linq was a nice surprise! No issues with elevators or with parking. Who self parks in Vegas?! Ummm VALET people... Cute, simple rooms and super comfy bed! There was loud construction come Monday morning, but if you're just doing a weekend trip you shouldn't have any probs. Cons: The casino was definitely small.  They really need a food court, but that may be in phase two of the renovation? Fingers crossed. The shower is too small. They need a better system to prevent the water from running out.  The hotel seems to block your mobile internet and the property internet is unreliable.  If you want Venetian quality, stay at the Venetian.  You can't have fancy expectations staying at a low cost hotel. I'd probably stay here again if the rates don't shoot up after construction ends.
1	Looks can be very deceiving. If I were you, I would invest in another hotel to get your money's worth. They offer wifi, free if you pay for the resort fee but other wise, you would have to pay 14.99 for premium. In order to use the wifi, it only allows two device per room. We got the best view.. The Great Wall of China. Literally, you're just looking at a wall. I understand that the hotel is still under construction, but that's still unacceptable. The windows are not tinted either, so anyone can see through your room. We ended up getting over charge for using the wifi for having more than one devices. Their wifi is so slow too, it's just not worth it.
5	I'm a diamond tr. And VIP check in was closed but the front desk line was long but put me to the front of the line . They were very nice upon check in. The staff here is outstanding and friendly.My room was so simple contemporary.
1	Worst customer service ever. Hotel front desk agents are nice but the shift supervisor (really old lady with bangs and glasses) was RUDE. wont even let you talk or even try to listen. Our hotel reservation was cancelled because we didnt show up before midnight. We've been to bigger hotels and we usually arrive past midnight and we dont have problems checking in. We paid for that room so it should have been guaranteed to us for 24hrs. They got paid double for those rooms (i reserved 2 rooms) that night. The amount we paid and who ever got those rooms. We have to wait until 6pm to finally get a room. And we have older people in our group. Will never ever recommend this hotel.And that shift supervisor should learn good customer service if she is working in a hotel. Rude rude rude old lady. She was saying its hotel policy that we call them before midnight. She can explain that nicely and not talk rudely to people who are tired from travelling. No manners. Telling us to stop talking and listen to what she wanted to say. I think we should have tried to be rude to her too. But we are not that kind of people. A few people witnessed that encounter and they said she was really rude to us.
2	For the price, it is decent; but, it should be A LOT better. This hotel is a 2 to 2.25 out of 5. The rooms are clean and smell good. The service and staff are hit or miss, being either adequate or border line rude. I do not understand how any hotel could ever treat their guests like they do, let alone a hotel/casino on the LV strip. ***Side note: They have signs stating that they "do not" allow outside food or beverages and they have security guards at the elevators to ensure you do not bring any coolers in. This lowered my rating 1 point off the bat.
