5	OK, so this morning (4/12/13) I went to Auto Tint Express to have my front two windows tinted.I had done extensive research, comparing prices of different levels of film at seven (7) different places (OK, so call me finnicky), and found that this place was almost 1/2 price.  Since all other things seemed equal I decided to make the long drive up to Decatur and Alta, and I'm very glad I did.On the phone I had been quoted $50 for two windows using the "High Performance" film, and that's exactly what I was told when I arrived.  There was NO effort to "up sell" me, the young lady just answered my questions about the "carbon based" film that was about 3 times more expensive as the "high performance" film.  I opted for the cheaper one.The owner, Jose, did the work himself, and answered all kinds of dumb questions from me as he worked.  He had an assistant do the prep work, and he did the difficult stuff.  I was intrigure by their computer controlled film cutting machine, that ensured a perfect fit on my 2013 Dodge minivan.  It worked beautifully.Their shop was very clean and well organized, and they had two copies of every professional-grade film mounting tool (one for each side of the car).  Jose has very good eyes, and is very picky about his work.  When he finished the first window he stood back, got the window in just the right light, and rejected the work.  His assistant had not quite done a perfect job on the prep work.  He ripped the film off, and started all over, finally satisfied on the second try.He then moved on to the second window, and when finished he surveyed his work, found a spot he didn't like, then ripped THAT film off, and started over.He ended up doing the whole job TWICE and didn't quit until he was satisfied.  For my part, I never noticed the flaws.When it came time to pay I proffered the coupon that I had found on their website, and they honored the "two window" $10 discount, making the whole job just $40, which was LESS THAN HALF of the other shops.In the future I will HAPPILY drive up there to do business with Jose and his crew, and I highly recommend that you do too.Dean Herrington
2	I hate the quality of tint used on my car. I had my previous car tinted years ago and it noticeably kept the heat out of my car to a more normal level.  I again chose a dark tint for my new car and everyday my car is EXTREMELY hot. It was not worth the hundreds of dollars since my car is still hot.  I'm not happy at all.!!!! It's as if I have no tint at all. If that's the case, what's the point??? I just wasted my money.
1	Horrible service. I couldn't believe how unhelpful the staff was. I called the main number and they had a kid pick up the phone. I was trying to ask about a product and they couldn't answer any of my questions or give me any information. I called back a week later to speak with someone else, thinking perhaps the owner brought their kid in and didn't know they were answering the phones, and I started to inquire about a product and I was hung up on. I know I was being very polite so I don't know if it was an accident or what, but regardless, after two attempts I took my business elsewhere. I talked to a co-worker about my experience, and she told me that she had a similar experience with the person working at the front being extremely rude and unhelpful. She actually got her tint work done there, and was very disappointed by the quality. Thankfully there's several other tint shops in Vegas. :)
