4	I been a regular customer of Findlay Acura since they opened here in Henderson. I used to drive across town to the other Acura dealer to get my vehicle serviced. Instead of a 30 min drive, it is now 5 mins! Now you might ask why would i go to a dealer  to get my vehicle serviced? Because the prices there are great! Oil change + car wash= $29!  I just changed out 2 tires at Discount tire for close to $300 and I find out after the fact that Finlay Acura has a new set of 4 for $550! The reps there Charles and Andy are always professional and friendly. They have always quoted me prices for work on my vehicle with online discounts coupons already included without me even asking. And from online forums (Acurazine.com), I found those prices to be fair. Sure it s more than the local repair shops, but I am assured that my vehicle is serviced correctly each time. I have had my air filter filter go missing after i had my oil changed or just stuff not put back correctly and they charged more than Findlay Acura!  Next vehicle I;m getting will be another Acura. Great service and none of the import luxury prices!
1	I felt like it was necessary to make somebody aware of the service received (or lack there of) as of recent at Findlay Acura. I own an 05 Acura RL and use Findlay for my service even though it is much further from my home/work then the Sahara location. My reason for doing so was the service adviser Andy, and the manager Charlie was almost the reason i stopped going to Findlay which i wish i started to do. Recently my vehicle developed an issue at start up and i called to Andy to setup a time to bring it in, additionally i would need a loaner car to have this service performed. He made me aware that he had no loaner cars available at that time and i simply said im an easy going person, and my car still runs can you please contact me when one does and i will bring my car into you. I let a week pass and called back to Andy, where he said again no loaner cars had been turned in (find that odd). So i let an additional week go by and again Andy's response when i followed up was again no loaner car had been turned in (now im mad). As of when i write this, this Thursday will make 5 weeks that i have not been contacted by Andy or anybody at Findlay about bring my vehicle in for the service i called about previously. I actually went to Findlay one morning (in the 3rd week) because i was in the area for work and i physically watched people come and go in the service area bringing their car in and leaving in a different vehicle that was brought out for them. On that 3rd week when i witnessed this i have had enough and called over to Jeff Davies at the Sahara location, who got me in the next day and serviced my failing fuel pump and sent me on my way like a professional. Its quite obvious that Jeff Davies will be handling all my service needs from this point, but i find it very personally disturbing being in the service industry myself at the lack of communication, follow through and professional service that was offered by Findlay given my history of service with them and my position as an Acura RL owner.
1	This dealership misrepresents and does not stand behind their repairs.  Our Acura broke down while we were on vacation.  We had to have a whole new engine installed.  Findlay Acura did the work and said we had a 12 month warranty on it.  6 months later, we had to take our car in.  This time it was the transmission.  The dealership said the part that was leaking was a non-authorized Acura part that Findlay installed.  Acura client relations confirmed this fact, yet Findley will not reimburse us for the damage this leak caused to the transmission or, at the very least, reimburse us for the cost of replacing this part.  A person pays more at a dealership expecting to get proper parts and service.  This is NOT the case!  If you see Findlay, run - for that matter, if you see Acura, run!  We have spend over $11k in repairs in one year.  Since we still owed on the car, we had no choice.
1	Zero stars should be an option. Worst customer service imaginable. Fast talking skeezy salesmen acting like they are doing you a favor and only out to be the laziest, most horrible group of people. Exact situation: we received a letter from Findlay Acura saying they were having a contest to trade in the 2010 Acura and get people into the 2012 Acura. So, we bit, and went in. They offered to pay the registration for the remaining year, and they PROMISED to do that within 30 days. We even confirmed they had all the correct paperwork. THEN, on the 30th day, still no word. We call them and OH, they haven't gotten around to it! So, now with the registration not paid, we get fined by the DMV of that lazy group of wastes-of -spaces don't get off their asses and go get the registration! When we were there the place was empty and now I see why. Never ever EVER again would we step foot in there. And I'll be spreading the word to everyone I know and on every social media site (maybe even call the B.B.B. and local news channels) to let everyone know how SHADY this dealership is!
2	Went in for a simple oil change and of course after everything was done they seemed to find something wrong with my vehicle from transmission fluid, tires, and brakes. My car is still brand new (less than 20k)  and still runs well so i know everything seemed bogus. Service guy (andy) seemed a little pushy that i needed to repair them right away. From $20 oil change they wanted almost $500 in repairs. Next time i'll take my car for service somewhere loyal.
4	With trepidation from other Yelp reviews, I took my 2004 Acura MDX to Findlay Acura.  Having recently moved to Henderson from Oakland where I only used Oakland Acura, which is the gold standard in courtesy and service.  I brought the car in for a rountine oil change and general inspection.  The service person was very courteous and quick.  The work was completed quickly and I was advised that my brake fluid was filthy and I should have it changed.  The price was average, so I had it done.  A nice touch that most Acura dealers do, is they washed the car.  The waiting area has free internet, free gourmet coffees, tea and water.  I will return when additional service is needed.
1	I've been a regular customer for a few years now like a few others, and the service I mostly get is crap. It took over five minutes of me standing 3 feet away from the front counter for someone to acknowledge me I don't mind having to wait, but seriously? No customer service.
2	I've had my TSX for a couple years now and I was pretty excited to hear that they were opening up a Acura dealership by my house as opposed to having to drive out to the west side. In the years since their opening, my excitement has been replaced with increasing disappointment. I didn't buy my car here so my review only reflects my experience with their service/parts department.Though I hate to say it because their location is so convenient, Findlay's service is not up to par with other Acura dealerships. I have been 4 different Acura dealerships since having my TSX (2 in Socal, the 2 here in town) and Findlay ranks a distant 4th... =(.Taking my car to their service department feels like going to the doctor for a headache and coming out with brain cancer. Each time I have brought my car in, the service writers have come up with a laundry list of problems and push to have you spend big $$$ on minor repairs. Taking the TSX in for a standard oil change resulted recommendations for a $850 tires (I got them for under $600 at Discount Tire Co.), and $630 maintenance package which included 2 fluid flushes (transmission, and power steering), a tire rotation, and the "inspection" of many various belts/parts. I can understand dealerships charging a little extra as they are the "official spot" but $600+ for 2 fluid flushes is insane.Each time I have been, I left with the impression that my car was about to break down agree to the expensive service/repairs. Subsequent trips to Hondatronics and Las Vegas Acura alleviate the fear. The writers here like other places make commission of their service orders, but Findlay really writes you up for every single little thing.The availability of loaners is rare. Unless you are leaving your car in over night, it is unlikely they will hand over a loaner for a few hours service appointment which means you are going to be stuck in waiting area. The area itself is pretty small and is nothing like what you would expect from a luxury car manufacturer. Find another spot for service, you will save money and be treated better.
5	Mike Brady and his sales team are incredible!! My wife and I have purchased a few cars here and it has always been an enjoyable experience. Recently my wifes TSX was totaled and she needed a new car, not only was Acura offering the best deals in town but also they turned a traumatic experience into one to look back on fondly. They let her drive several cars taking their time with her until she ultimately decided she wasnt over the TSX yet. They got her the exact color combo she wanted in a Special Edition and now she even has a lower payment than she had before with a nicer car! Exceptional job done here and one that will surly be remembered for years and cars to come!! Thanks Findlay Acura!!!
4	Recently I had to purchase a car and I went everywhere... At least it felt like I went everywhere. Finley Acura was the most pleasant car buying experince I've ever had and I feel like a got a good deal. When I discussed true car and what they say the car prices should be most salesmen were dismissive but at Finley acura they agreed and gave me a price under sticker and a good value based on true car. They also have me more for my trade then any other dealership was willing to.
1	Again, fail. Last time it was the sales staff and front desk. What's next? SERVICE DEPARTMENT! Don't bother making an appointment for service because its first come first serve. We were told by a woman that actually works in service that the mechanics don't get here till 8am and we were the first appointment. I bring up that fact to the man at the counter and he says, "Your appointment holds your spot." ummm wouldn't my car just being here hold my spot if its first come first serve?!?! I get here, at 7:50am and I'm told it'll be AN HOUR TO CHANGE THE BATTERY. Give me the battery and I'll do it myself. Besides, why is the battery dying on a new car?? There isn't a chance in hell my husband is getting another Acura and if he did, it won't be from here. Magically, after making it clear I'm pissed, another mechanic has showed up and they are working on it.
5	My review is based solely on the sales and not the parts department. I just purchased a car a few days ago and can I say it was one of the easiest and least stressful purchase I made in a very long time. First, I did my transaction via email through the sales manager Mike. I was a bit stand offish because I was so hesitant in thinking ALL salesmen are sharks and evil-doers. Boy, was I wrong!! Mike worked with me until I was happy with the numbers achieved. Since I do not live nearby to this Acura company, I wanted to make sure that if I was going to drive down there, I was going to be happy with my purchase. The moment I walked into this Acura dealership, I wasn't haggled by anyone or pressured into buying a car. I got out of the car and asked the receptionist if I could talk to Mike, but he was with a lot of customers that night (totally understandable). I talked to another sales manager named Allen. At first, I was a bit hesitant and wasn't sure if I should just wait for Mike or deal with him. I was afraid everything we talked about wouldn't be honored by this "new" guy I had to deal with. Let me tell you, I was incredibly surprised how nice Allen was. Not the typical salesmen that doesn't care at all what you have to say. I explained him what my deal was with Mike and he said, no problem, we got you. In fact, he stayed with us until 10:30pm (an hour and half after the dealership closed) to make sure our needs were met. After looking at the numbers, we told him I would think about it. I thought Allen would be upset, but he was understanding. I called Allen a week and half later and asked him if he would still honor the deal. I can't tell you how patient and incredible caring and sweet Allen was. I ended up buying a brand new RDX  and am happy with it.My experience with Allen and Mike was incredible. It was worth the drive out there to make my car experience that much better. If anyone needs a car, ask for them!!! Gener, another salesman showed me the ins and outs of my car. He was awesome in taking the time to show me the car and make sure I knew I wasn't a buffoon behind the wheel. haha Impeccable sales service, great deals, and friendly people.. what more can I ask for...
1	The day I went in to find a car everything was good until we got inside and they charged my card $550 before I even signed anything...then I had to come back for maintenance as there were "broken cables" preventing my window to stay up (mind you it was a used 2003) that day I found out that I had to sign a new contract so I wasn't happy to find out I had to pay for the window repair before the car was technically even mine. Then I finally got my green slip in the mail went to the dmv and found out they never even smog checked it. I came back to get the smog check and they said the system was down and told me to go to jiffy lube....um???? Okay...Overall my experience at Findlay Acura has unfortunately not been a pleasant one.
1	I had so much difficulty with getting a quote on work that needed to be done that I dare not go further with this company. When I finally did get a quote for the work that needed to be done on my car it  was way overpriced. I am going to listen to the other reviews and put together my initial experience and go somewhere else. Such a shame as I have always had great experiences with other Acura mechanics.
1	Gotta be the worst car dealership in America! Bought a brand new 2012 MDX that vibrated very strong at interstate speeds. Findlay had vehicle for 37 days, could not fix problem. You would have thought I bought a 6,000 dollar used vehicle with the amount of customer service I received, not 54k! I was not treated any different by Acura of America. Good luck if you buy from these guys, GM Kevin now sits upstairs so that he is totally un-accessible! All I can say is I will never own an Acura again! Owned exclusively Acura's for past 13 years, No More!!! Take the reviews to heart, many of previous reviews are right on the money!
2	This dealership used to be ok and more friendlier but ever since the last time I went about 1 month ago I am taking my business somewhere else. I used to go to the dealership upon mostly my wife's request and for it just being located nearby. Pretty much for convenience and thinking that a dealership would be dependable.I had a a/c compressor changed due to just warm air blowing which cost an arm and a leg but in the middle of summer you just have to do what you have to do to get it done. After about 5 months or so the air started working erratically and brought it in again. The front counter was rude and not willing to help without charging me an $160 diagnostic charge. I thought this was ridiculous and they did not relent. I am now looking for a new service center for my repairs. Upon writing this review I am over at Japanese Car Service because of their Yelp reviews and their diagnostic charge was only $43. Way below Acura's ask. We'll see how this works out and I will be writing a review in the future.
3	I bought my car here about a year ago. It was a brand-new Acura MDX. I felt that we got a good deal and everyone was friendly, but within a few months the backseat lights weren't working and something weird was going on with the passenger door where it wouldn't open even if it was unlocked. Both things were fixed but for the price and brand of the car I wasn't too happy. The few times I've taken it to get an oil change I've waited a long time, and the service staff isn't very friendly.
3	I had to come here for a repair that Acura of Las Vegas couldn't handle after numerous visits.. They even picked up my CPO'ed car from work. I found them to be professional and courteous. Thanks ya'll.
2	I have been going to this Acura dealership since I moved here about a year ago mostly for convenience. After every service visit I have had a follow-up phone survey that is likely not shared with the public so I thought it would be nice to give some insight here.My experiences at this Acura dealership feels like visits at other non-luxury/premium car dealerships I have been to. When comparing it to other Acura and Lexus dealerships that I have serviced my vehicles in the past, the experience is underwhelming. This includes dealerships in Hawaii, California and the Pacific Northwest. I don't want to seem harsh but the service at this dealership is inconsistent with other dealerships of the Acura brand. First, I called to schedule an appointment and was told to just bring my car in since certain services do not require an appointment and would take about 30 minutes. I ended up waiting for a few hours for an oil change. On the other hand, some of the employees at the service department were nice and I received a freshly washed car. A couple days later I received a phone call from a representative at the dealer asking how my service went and I told them it took a little longer than expected. In response, I was told to tell the service department to skip the car wash if I wanted my car sooner next time... That defeats the purpose of bringing a luxury car in for service. Having my car washed has always been part of bringing my car in for service. Who wants to drive around in a brand new dirty car anyway?In comparison, during visits to other dealerships for any type of service, granted I made an appointment ahead of time I was able to receive a loaner. I would drive my car up and turn in my keys. After I spoke with the person at the desk I would be handed a pair of keys to a loaner or walk out to a car with keys in the ignition. Sometimes it was warmed-up which was a nice touch during snowy winters (thanks Acura of Bellevue). Afterwards, I would arrive to a vacuumed and washed car. This is what I think deserves 5 stars and keeps customers loyal to a brand. I just expected more, especially from an Acura dealership. I hope they can improve service in the future.
5	I was stranded in Vegas with a flat tire, no lug nut key, and tire stores were closed. So I was towed to Acura and they treated me like family! Karen Baca found me a hotel and personally drove me there! Then, in the morning, Valeeda English calls me first thing to get approval of the new tire purchase. I am so impressed with the customer service... Beyond words... I was stranded and they helped me. I am very grateful and thankful that there are still good people in this world and two of them are at Acura Henderson! :)
4	Peaceful! Not too crowded,  great attentive service.  Ty Shigemoto was my sales consultant and he was very efficient and thorough.a. Time - I only had 45 minutes to test drive an RLX.b. Information - I don't care to give all my "info" to the sales person like every other car dealer tries to get you to do.  Findlay Acura did not ask for anything!c.  Ready - I called to advised I was coming down for a test drive.  When I got there, the car was running and the air con was on.  Sweet.d.  Really - I wanted to try many other cars, most that were more highly rated compared to the Acura.  But you know what, the Acura just fit me.e.  Had to go - Told them I wanted the white one. They had to trade for it, Told them I would be back the next day and of course I was in and out in about 50 minutes.The greatest help was Kathy at the front reception. She was awesome, informative, helpful and even volunteered to register my car when I get the papers in.  This was the icing on the cake!Very nice.  In and out in less than 2 hours overall and got exactly what I wanted.I highly recommend Findlay Acura to everyone!
1	After taking my Acura here for 5 years of out of warranty service and being fairly happy I'm now done with them after my last service.  They called about an hour after dropping the car off to say I needed a new power steering pump, CV boots and tie rod ends, all for just $1,600.  Normally I'd just say go ahead.  This time I said to leave it on the lift, I wanted to look at it.  Guess what, it was a total scam no, cracks on the boots and if anything at all the power steering pump may have a tiny bit of seepage, normal for a ten year old car with 78K on it.  I declined all of the "suggested repairs' found another shop, they checked everything out and confirmed that there were NO issues.  It may have just been one new rogue service writer trying to make some money at my expense and I could have understood that if they would have bothered to contact me on the survey I completed.
5	Was cross shopping an acura tlx with other cars and helped by Juan. He was very friendly and patient and was also knowledgeable about the car which was a big plus. We were given a test drive and were shown all the features on the car. We did end up buying another brand but I would definitely be back for my next vehicle purchase as the experience here at acura was pleasant and very professional. Juan kept in contact with me til I purchased my car and even congratulated me on my purchase even though I didn't buy from them which was very nice of him. If your looking to buy an acura give this dealer a try and ask for Juan.
1	Bought 3 cars here, went to buy a fourth when I found out the 2011 Acura MDX they sold me last year was in not 1,but TWO accidents prior to my ownership. The manager stated it was a clean no accident car with a clean carfax at purchaseI guess I should have checked with my own eyes and not believed him, lost $4,000 on the trade in value because I can't trust this dealer.To add insult to injury, the car I tried to buy was a WHOPPING $4,300 cheaper at another dealer and I did not even have to haggle...So I went elsewhere.They are really nice to your face, but rip you off here...go elsewhere.
5	I'm giving 5 stars to German only. He was very helpful during my TSX trade in for a new TLX. German provided very good service and followed up to make sure I liked the car and was understanding during the purchasing process. However as for the dealership. I wasn't really treated to well when I came be to look at the TLX initially which lead me to Acura of Las Vegas only to have a fall out with them. It was probably because I didn't look like I was going to buy but like they say don't judge a book by its cover. I'd recommend anyone looking to buy a car from this dealership to work with German.
5	5 stars for German Meza. He was Awesome! Made the process easy. Went in looking to purchase a new vehicle and German from the start was really helpful. He took the time answering all my questions and did not rush me at all. Was very content with the customer service. Came out with a 2013 Hyundai Elantra.
5	My numerous visit there, before I bought my ILX, have been good. I was greeted and taken cared by German, who I believe, was what made my entire buying experience great! Nothing about Acura Henderson really stood out to me as I did my visitis through different dealerships. Anyway, German took care of me from start to finish. He answered all my questions even after hours and had tremendous patience as I dealt with them. It took me awhile to decide as I had to get the best deal that I could. When I did finally decide, German and his manager (who I cant remember) were very helpful with the whole process. They were able to come close to my terms. German always mantained excellent communication throughout. His excellent customer service did not stop there. When I bought my ILX from him, even after a few months, he continued communicating with me on how I felt about the car, any problems, etc. in addition, I had some concern with the ILX and brought it in for service. Their service team were very helpful and also, their lead service tech waited for me a few minutes after his shift. He drove with me and resolved the nonexistent issue. Overall, im quite pleased! I felt like i bought not just a car but an entire system (to be expected from a luxury brand). We'll see if they can deliver through the coming months as I'll be coming in for my routine services.
