5	It's a new spot an it's so effin' great! Came here last night and had their tacos. It was so good that I had to order a burrito. Then the next morning I just had to go back and order some more before I left The Strip. I ordered 3 carne asada tacos and a whole burrito again! Def give it a shot and help support this new business or just give them your opinions here on Yelp! Another good thing is they cut the meat right in front of you when you order it. B-E-A-U-tiful!
4	Street tacos on the Vegas strip. What a concept. Could there be anything better than street tacos after a crazy drunken night you will never remember. These tacos hit the spot and are BOMB.
5	Best tacos I've had in forever! After a night out on the town my girl and I ordered 17 tacos de al pastor! F*%}in DELICIOSO!! NOM NOM NOM!! Get some, trust me!
5	I will admit the tacos are pretty good .. The salsas are delicious .. All in all great food.. The price is a bit high since they are so good you can't eat just three.. And the portions can sometimes be small as they do limit the amount of meat and toppings on them .. But no matter what they are worth every penny! The staff is super friendly... Will definitely return for more!
5	Taco's were VERY TASTY and you can't help not to stop by after looking at the yummy pork spinning on the stick from the outside! Very nice little kick back place across from the city center!
5	Stumbled upon this while walking the strip.  BEST MENUDO I've ever had!  Super clean.  Great prices and pretty authentic.  Definitely will satisfy your craving for mexican food at non-strip prices.
5	I got the Steak taco and the shredded pork taco.   My hubby got an horchata he says the drink was a 3 1/2 out of 5. I still ranked this place a 5 because my tacos were great!!  I will warn you they are petite tacos but they are packed with flavor.
4	Street tacos right on the Strip of Las Vegas!It's not as dingy and dink as most places I'm used to, but being on a prime location I think they do pretty well up keeping the place.I ordered the El Pastor, Carnitas, Carne Asada, and Lengua -- Ci yo soy mucho hambriento!  How you gusto me Spanish!?  They didn't put any sauce a top, which for me was odd since the hot sauce is that extra kick that does it for me.  I had to ask for some on the side which was not a problem.  Overall, the lengua was blah, the carnitas was good, but my favorites were the Carne Asada and El Pastor.  Guess they had those ready and popping since I gather these are the popular choices.  The sauce which gave it some kick along with the lemon and onions really helped keep the meat moist.  Wrapped with a soft corn tortilla this street taco was yummy and very rare can you find a place that makes it this good!  Definitely a recommended taco joint if you're strolling the streets of Vegas and need a quick bite to give you that energy boost! - Enjoy!
5	I stumbled up to the strip from Motel 6 just to try one of these tacos.  It was well worth the steps and stumbles.  You get 3 tacos and the choices are amazing.  I ordered 1 al pastor and told the nice lady to give me the most popular for the other 2.  There are about 9 choices of fillings, 8 or 9 salsas, and then any popular taco topping.  The best part is that they do have cervesa (beer).  I pulled up to a table out in the common area and enjoyed.  I really forgot what other flavor tacos I had, but I can tell you that they were all fresh, and spiced very well.  I will be back on my next trip.  P.S.- Don't go to the foot massage place there in the plaza, its creepy!
3	As far as I can see, besides Gordos on the other end, this is the only place that does street style tacos on the Las Vegas strip. But lets not get crazy with the accolades now. These tacos don't come anywhere close to Gordos or even the better places in Los Angeles or San Francisco. Perhaps it satisfies while drunk, but it disappoints while sober.
5	Awesome cheap food and a great staff.  I was amazed on how good the food was and I can't wait to go back when I'm actually drunk and/or hungover.  The manager is really cool and their food was really fresh.  The salsa was actually spicy and it definitely burned on the way out.
4	Looking for a great taco joint?  TJ's (it's actually DJ's so idk how that got mixed up, but whatever!) Taco Bar is that place.  The al pastor is amazing!  The barbacoa is also an excellent choice.  Make sure to try their sauces as they are a knock out.  This is a great place to swing by at any time.  We went four or five times during the week we were in Vegas.  The service isn't always the greatest as it seems their staff isn't that well trained but the food is def worthwhile.  Check it out!
5	Great tacos!  Had the pork and it was amazing.  The hot salsa was awesome.  You can't beat the price. The grilled jalapeno was one of the hottest I have ever experienced.    If I have one bad thing to say, it is that the server behind the register did not understand English.  I had to point at the menu for everything.  Otherwise, skip the oh so expensive strip Hotel/casino restaurants, this beats it hands down.
5	Now this little place in tucked right in the corner in between Planet Hollywood, going southbound in between "little Hawaii" and/or The Harley Davidson "Best BBQ in Las Vegas" sign. They have $2 tacos, or the 3 combo tacos with everything except Guacamole.   The meat was tender, flavorful, plentiful, and the salsa was fresh, both the green and red salsas were spicy as they said. I had 1 tear come out my right eye. It was a delicious meal under $10 ON THE STRIP.   Outside the restaurant, people were singing karaoke, selling t-shirts with speaker attached and colored stereo waves, and "cheap souvenirs, and 2 for $1 waters (cold). I suppose it is a festive island, you can easily walk through, but should stop!
3	It was 108 in Vegas, they had limited AC, the place was hot.  So I assume the food quality suffered a little bit.  We ordered 2 burritos, steak and pork.  Not cheap, 8-9 each.   The portion size is large. The steak was very tough and dry and the pork mushy, the beans and toppings where ok.  Really, this places seems fit for late night drunk food.   It really reminds me of a knock off qdoba or chipotle,  where the food is good just not great.  guacamole  is 1.49, boy that sounds like qdoba.   If its late, your drunk and on the strip you could do worse.
3	ProsTasty tacosConsHorrible atmosphere and serviceThe tacos (I got carne asada and carnitas) were very tasty and they have a nice little selection of a few different beers. A little pricey but it's on the strip. Unfortunately, I decided to eat in, which is a huge mistake. I asked if their wifi was for customers, and the person at the cashier just waved me away. Maybe she didn't understand me, maybe she didn't know. Call me old-fashioned, but I think staff should be polite to customers when they ask a simple question and find out the answers if they don't know. As I was eating, the place started to fill up with smoke. It was coming from the grill where they were cooking the meat. A little smoke, I don't mind. But it was literally filling up the place to the point where it was quite thick. Me and another couple that was there left and ate outside. Just odd that they have such poor ventilation and didn't give a crap.I prefer Tacos El Gordo over this, but they are quite a bit up north on the Strip.
3	Decent food, disorganized staff. The ordering line could be comparable to Chipotle in size, variety and method; however, the staff preparing the food seemed overwhelmed and confused, customers had to yell over others or some standing in others way while waiting on whatever they ordered. The food line workers also yelled quite a bit, which is a personal pet peeve. The prices are great though, $8 per dish and it was quite flavorful. No air conditioning inside, seating with those misting fans outside, closest restrooms are in the creepy, rundown foodcourt building near that area.
4	Street tacos on the Vegas strip. Yum (:Not too much you can say about street taco's other than if they hit the spot or not.  These did hit the spot.The reviews comparing DJ's to Chipotle crack me up!
5	A-ma-zing tacos. We've been back every day since we discovered the $2 tacos. The staff is super friendly and sociable (although it may help if you speak in Spanish). I always get the fish (there's fried and grilled), and they cook it when you order it. Also, if you like spicy food, this is the place! Their spiciest salsa left my husband and I crying. People who have left negative comments about the atmosphere are in the wrong place. This is amazing food and should be judged for what it is, not against the fancy, 5-star restaurants on the strip. Give it a try!
4	Stopped by here after walking the strip on a Sunday night and eating Secret Pizza.Typical looking taqueria/taco stand. They have a to-go window. My girlfriend and I ordered tacos of the following variety: grilled fish, al pastor, carnitas, and barbacoa. The quantity of meat was good and most of them were pretty good. The carnitas was probably my favorite between the meat tacos. You choose your taco dressings but they don't have a salsa bar (boo).Overall, decent taste and price and definitely a good late-night, street food stop on the Strip.Note: When we went, they did not freshly cut the al pastor off the spit (unlike Tacos El Gordo). They gave us pre-sliced al pastor.
4	Habanero salsa was delicious, the service was fast and friendly and not a busy place so we could sit and eat comfortably! Also, huge portions for the quesadillas and burritos.
4	I had a carne asada torta here and it was  good. A lot of flavors and the meat was tender. Good views sitting outside. A place to bring the woman you love.
4	Man, after an hour of walking the Strip checking out the freaks, whores, scammers and fat tourists like myself these tasty little devils hit the spot. Tried the asada, carnitas and al pastor tacos and all were good. Typical street taco tortilla filled with some way savory and succulent meats. Would've awarded 5 stars if they were $1 instead of $2. I am the taco terminator and yes homie....."I will be back".
4	3 tacos for less than $5!! (including the 10% check in discount). Awesome! YOu really can't beat the price, especially in Las Vegas. I had carne asada, grilled fish (freshly made), and pork. All delicious! Yes, the location might not be like the Wynn or Bellagio, but when I am craving Mexican tacos, this is where I'm going! Definitely recommend to anyone on a tight budget.
4	Very nice authentic street tacos, right in the middle of Las Vegas strip between all kinds of touristic mega chain restaurants. Wow!I was very glad to discover this place while looking for something decent to eat quickly, place certainly does not look very fancy but the most important thing i.e. food was good. I took the taco plate with 3 tacos, rice and beans which was more than enough to kill my hunger. Tacos were tasty, fresh with just about right amount of spiciness (with the most spicy sauce). All in all a place I would certainly visit again if ever looking for something quick to grab when walking up and down the Strip
3	In a little mall right on the strip.  The food was good, a small step up from Chipotle. They had a large selection of meats and toppings for taco.  Nothing was very fresh except the tortillas because it is all sitting there.  Since there was not a lot of people,there's not a lot of turnover.  The rice was hard and some of the meats had dried out a little.The service however was not great.  The staff was not particularly friendly and was really slow considering we were the only ones ordering.  They were not particularly friendly or helpful.  They did however accept the yelp deal I bought  with no issues.If you want a cheap meal on the strip, it might do the trick but otherwise skip it.
5	This place is awesome. Cheap alternative to godly expensive trendy Vegas food. Manager super cool. Gave us samples of whatever wanted. Very grateful for customers and good people. Come eat here you won't be disappointed.
5	I would munch on these tacos all day. Had the beef tongue....awesome. Plus the super awesome lady let us sample the meat. Great place, nice peeps. Do it and eat these tacos
5	The best carne asada burrito on the strip! Love it !   Friendly staff,  love the music .I'm definitely coming again. Thank you Armando
4	The food was excellent. A bit pricey but this is the strip!!! I ordered a burrito and nachos, meaning I got two different dishes. I'm stuffed. I'm going to blow up. I love pigging out.
5	About a 10 minute walk from planet Hollywood and fairly good Mexican food. For the cost, it was really good. $2 tacos.
4	Cost: $13Came to the strip for the first time with a few new friends and found this to be a decent place on Yelp. Was pleased with my chicken 'bowl', although I've had better. The bowl was okay but the Horchata was too sweet and watery. I've had better from a food trucks in Vancouver.
5	Delicious! Everything was terrrific , especially the al pastor
5	OMG!!!  We were talking along the strip, and got hungry.  Someone had spotted this place, so we went back.  I pulled up on YELP while waiting and was blown away by the ratings. Looking around the shop, they had a vertical pork broiler and had just brought out a new slab.  Too, they were working hard on grilling up more steak, cutting, etc.  So it took a minute to get waited on.  But Marisol was quite apologetic and pleasant when things calmed down. We had $2 tacos, and I got a burrito (huge).  They build it in front of you, and you can request what you want.  The hot sauce has a great kick and not TOO spicy. The guacamole was home made (not processed crap). The marinade on the steak was amazing!!Once we found this, we went back a number of times - and one night for dinner!!
3	Nice people here, but the Mexican food here really is just okay.The tacos are good, but I would different that they are anything particularly special.  Here are a couple of reasons why:1) The rice here has no flavor - just salt;2) The corn salsa here uses frozen corn - you might as well not offer the option;3) The salsa verde here is a bit bland;4) The meat here, regardless of which one you order here, is also a bit on the bland side.So put these things together, you get a pretty average taco/burrito/bowl.  Personally, I think that most of the raving reviews here are a result of needing a good late-night snack.
5	Great menu, fast, and delicious! Perfect for wanting something quick and cheap! Will definitely return!
3	Very friendly staff.  The grilled fish tacos hit the spot.  Nothing super amazing but solid, quality food.  The rice had corn in it and was a little sweet.  With all of the fast food options around, I felt like this was the best food for the value in that area of the strip.I got a 10% discount when I checked in with Yelp!
5	Great service as Marry (I think that's her name) was super helpful and friendly.  Tacos and especially the churros are super delicious!!!! Would so go back for them.
5	Probably some of the best tacos I've ever had outside of Los Angeles or Mexico. The key here is the homemade tortillas. Dear God they were wonderful and delicious. Tacos are on the cheap $2/each and you gotta love the free drink refills (including Horchata, Jamaica, Tamarindo). Have a huge selection of meats including chorizo. Everything was fresh and the cooks and staff were incredibly helpful and accommodating. Would definitely be back when I'm in Vegas. Another plus? Open until 4am!!!
4	Friendly staff, open late, homemade corn tortillas, and great tasting meat. I have no complaints about this place, I even enjoyed the hilarious mural they have painted on the wall. You can't go wrong with great tasting $2 tacos. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will visit this place again.
5	Really liked this place. We decided to try this place due to the deal they had on yelp. the service was really good and the staff members were all very friendly! you really feel welcomed by them. i personally love their tacos and with the yelp deal, it was an awesome bang for your buck!
1	These guys are assholes, pieces of shit must of thought it'd be funny to give us insanely spicy sauce when we asked for mild. I love spicy food, but this is just crap. Neither of us can eat this. Karma is a bitch.
5	Awesome !! You will not be disappointed! While certainly not the most expensive meal we ate while in Las Vegas, it was the best we had!
2	I had the carnitas burrito, my husband had the carnitas bowl. Both with the hot sauce, but not the hottest sauce. Service was really friendly, and portions were good but the food itself was greasy and not very flavourful. I've eaten a lot of good and bad Mexican food all over North America and this place is neither. Probably pretty good if you're drunk and it's open late, and again the staff was so nice. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but I would if I was hungry and someone I was with wanted to go. I'd just try something different, and a hotter (and extra) sauce. For late night on that part of the strip I would recommend secret pizza at the cosmopolitan.
4	Pretty good. I loved their horchata-yummy!
5	Tacos were SO GOOD! So impressed! Reminded me of California taco truck! Great prices! I will Definitely eat here again!
4	This place was really good and I guess u could say cheap for the strip. I got a burrito for 10 bucks which is a little pricey but a lot of food. We would go back again just wish they had margaritas
4	i was walking the strip with a couple of friends of mine and as california natives we were all craving mexican food. we stumbled across a huge tex-mex themed restaurant where the meals averaged about $16. that was a no go for me. I don't pay that kind of money for mexican food because generally the food is not tasty. I turned to yelp to see what was nearby and dj's had a yelp deal. off i went. my burrito was super-good and the tortilla tasted homemade. I got mine to go bc i planned to eat half then and half later but ended up inhaling it all in one setting. Delicious food!
4	Great value for your money!I was in Vegas on a work conference. After finding out that the evening event would only serve appetizers (I know, lame!) I quickly found a place for a quick bite. Yelp had a deal for DJs taco bar, so I gave it a shot. I got the fish tacos, and while they weren't necessarily the best I've ever had, for $10 they did just fine. I also got the beans and rice as well as chips and guac. I'll knock off a star for the fact that the food was good, not great. Value-wise, I feel like I got a lot for my money. They also took longer than I expected to make the food.Bottom line: If I'm in the area and want a quick, delicious bite, I'll go back!
3	Food isn't bad and it is VERY filling. I got the burrito with carne and a bunch of different toppings. Was pretty sad about there not being any sour cream, but the horchata made up for that! Definitely recommend this place, as it isn't as crowded as a lot of the other restaurants on Fremont.
5	You must go try DJ's Tacos if you are in Vegas! I have been Mexico and had some local tacos there. DJ's tacos were just as good as those. If not, better!
4	I'm going to assume you're reading this review because you're on the strip and you're hungry. In that case, you should absolutely come here.I don't often say "reasonable" and "strip food" in the same sentence. It's happening. You know how every other taco stand in greater Las Vegas is priced around $2/taco? Guess what? So is DJ's! You are NOT being ripped off! Are you as pleasantly surprised as I am?Not only are you not being ripped off, you are getting some pretty quality food! Half of what I ordered for tacos was cooked on the spot. the other half was picked up out of a metal tray. It's a bit like a Chipotle mixed with a taco stand. A lot of ingredients are laid out and ready to assemble but the menu is larger and more Mexican.I'm always having street tacos so I had a few al pastor and a few carne asada. Both were fresh and tasty - two tortillas as expected. Also, at the time of writing, there was a $10 for $15 deal going on which sweetened the experience. There's also a 10% off for checkins but this only applies to some items so double-check with them first.If I was on the strip and near the Hawaiian Center, I'd definitely get to DJ's. If not, there's no reason to come here. You won't find parking and it's the equal of any other decent Mexican spot out there.
5	Food was indeed very good and very reasonably priced. We each had a taco plate ( three tacos any kind, plus rice and beans) for $8.95. On the strip in Las Vegas! Grilled fish tacos were as good or better than anywhere ever. My puerto al pastor and pollo al pastor tacos were also excellent.
3	Fraud/Coupon alert!!! Says $15.00 of food/drink for $10.00 but is only 10% off. It's good but not great food with small portions that ended up in a $25.00 bill. Don't let the pictures fool you cos just walk a few feet for a much better deal/value on the Strip.
5	Delicious. Anything else I add to this review would just be fluff. Delicious and reasonably priced sums it up. No inside seating, basically fast food and there are tables outside in the foot court common area. We ate there pretty late so it was cool with a breeze. Dress accordingly.
5	I went here my first visit to Las Vegas and omg there are no words for how delicious and full of flavor their food is. The meat is very tender and juicy. I had tacos barbacoa and pastor. Also their chorizo was wonderful. You have to try this authentic Mexican food while you are in the area. The tortillas are hand made fresh. You definitely won't regret it. Also try their orchata (rice water)
4	Had the taco plate. Chicken tacos were beyond my expectations. Wow. Just like the best taco stands in Tijuana. The carne asada taco was a little thick and had a fat chunk in it. I def recommend the pollo tacos. You should dine in and enjoy the mural of the Tijuana border. It's a great mural I assume of a famous painting.
4	Come here for lunch. Come here for dinner. Come here after a drunken wander down the strip. Come here the next morning for breakfast.Get the taco plate. Get the carne asada fries.  Get the Horchata, add tequila to the horchata outside (if you're of age, of course).During our 4 day stay in vegas, we ate 3 meals here, 2 of which were on the same day.  The food is great, it's cheap, it's filling and fresh.  There's a nice seating area outside.
2	Was excited to eat here, ordered 3 tacos al pastor with traditional trimmings -- onion, cilantro, hot sauce. Very disappointed to have super-dry meat. Maybe it was because I arrived at 5:30pm and it wasn't busy, but had been hoping for something at least as good as a taco truck.
4	My go-to in Vegas. Great price, authentic food, what could be better?
4	I was very pleased with my meal at DJ's. The $15 for $10 was totally worth it, I got a bowl and an order of chips. It was really good, much better than most of the surrounding places to eat. I will totally stop there again. I recommend it to anyone looking for an affordable bite to eat that is actually decent food.
4	Very good food... wouldn't have been worth it if not for the half off Yelp deal though.
4	Large portions. Good food. Quick. Good salsa.  We stop here next time and recommend it to everybody. Large burrito is about $10. 3 taco plate under $10.
3	Made it a point to check out these tacos since we were in town.  They're tasty and at a great price for the area.  I wanted to have my mind blown but it just didn't happen.  Staff was really friendly and a good pick for a quick taco fix.
5	Omg. I am in taco heaven! This place is kind of hidden so don't miss it! I wish we would've walked the south end of the strip sooner in our trip and discovered this taco joint earlier...cause guess what I would've eaten all four days in vegas?! It wasn't until the last night of our trip that we finally stumbled upon DJs Taco Bar. The family sitting next to us told us they have been eating there at least once a day for a week now! Anyway, I ordered two of their steak tacos, gulped those down, and went back to order more! Their habanero extra extra spicy sauce is to friggin die for. I asked if I could buy some of this special homemade sauce. She handed me a a small plastic condiment container for 50 cents. No, what I meant was, is this sauce available for purchase in 12 oz bottles?  Lol. They laughed at me. Seriously, they should consider selling their sauce. Omg, my mouth if on fiya thinking about DJs. Again, biggest regret is not discovering this place sooner.
4	Hungry and reading for a late lunch we headed here smack in the middle of the Strip. The reviews were good so why not?! Like I said hungry we ordered the steak fries, chicken quesadilla and steak burrito. All so gooey, spicy, big and flavorful we were thoroughly satisfied. The place was empty when we got there and there were plenty of tables for us to choose from outside. The staff was friendly and quick. I can't remember precisely but for all of it plus tax we were between $25-$30 total. Good deal for good food and close proximity I think!
5	Great burrito! If you are looking for a quick bite that isn't overly priced on the strip, definitely eat here. Nice area to sit outside! 100% recommend. Steak burrito with the extra extra hot sauce
5	Delicious! I got tacos, nachos, and fries. Everything's was tasty and I wasn't even drunk.
5	Dj's was great.  Taco plate was fantastic and they loaded it with whatever toppings desired.   Great strip stop..
5	Looking through places that I checked in and wondering if I should review. Stumbled on this one,  funny because I was probably stumbling while I checked in! I'm so glad I did because DAMN. This place was amazing! Open late, quick, cheap, and effing heaven. I mean, it's late night tacos and stuff, but everything tasted so fresh, and was pretty much cooked right in front of you. I fell in love with DJ's and I will definitely stumble my way over here at the end of the night next time I'm in Vegas. Bomb.tacos.com/DOIT
4	Good food, decent prices, rude service. If you looking for some cheap and greasy (in a good way) Mexican food when on the strip  this place is good. Quick and easy and cooked to order. The service was pretty rude. They expect you to speed through the line so they can get to the next person.  They treat you like you have been there before and should know everything. All in all I would come back, actually we are in town for another day so we might be back tomorrow.
4	Man I miss street tacos in Vegas, they are the best! I wanted to go to El Gordo but it was just too far, so I stumbled upon here instead. It was delicious, not as good as El Gordo but it's much more centrally located and convenient, so next time I will opt for this place. The Al Pastor tacos are pork off of a spit fire, which I wish they had these back in NoVA but surprisingly they don't. This will be my street taco spot next time I'm in Vegas!
4	Located in the Hawaiian Marketplace, the tacos carnitas here is soooo good, super juicy! And no, I was not drunk when I had them, so if you are, I'm sure they'll be a mouthful of juicy meat delight! I'm sad they were out of al pastor when I went at 2pm in the day... also was VERY hot inside. $2 tacos is a good deal though for something on the strip, they've got a great selection of fountain drinks so battle the heat. Plus the $10 for $15 Yelp deal was the icing on the cake. I'd definitely come back here
4	On our last Vegas trip at the beginning of this year I had a craving for tacos. This is nothing new, it happens to me all the time. Thank goodness for a smart phone that helps me with my late-night cravings.On this particular evening, the craving struck around 11:45 p.m.. We'd already walked around the limited food options at Excalibur's food court, so when we saw DJ's wasn't that far from our hotel we set out on foot.  Running. Then walking fast. Then running again.  We made it up to their window with a minute to spare and were greeted by a couple glances at their clock.  They (thankfully) made us each a couple of tacos and we enjoyed them in the open-air plaza outside their establishment. Tables and chairs and napkins were set up and we enjoyed our food before walking past the dark restaurant back to our hotel.A couple nights later we returned for more tacos, at a more decent hour.  We went inside this time.  Honestly, the tacos were better the first night. Or maybe they weren't; and I just wanted them more the first night, and I thought they were better because they satisfied my need. But either way, they were good tacos for Vegas tacos!  We never plan to stay at the Excalibur again, but if we're walking around this part of the strip and come across DJ's again I'd definitely make room for a taco or two.
4	An absolute must-eat if you're walking the Strip and looking for a generous, quick & tasty meal at a great price ($2 taco special). The Yelp check-in offer was another percentage off the total bill which was a nice surprise, so remember to check in!Basically ordered one of each of the main proteins: carnitas, asada, lengua, al pastor, and was happy with all of them. The house habanero salsa is fantastic - not too spicy - one of the best-balanced habanero salsas I've experienced.Great to see such enthusiasm behind the taco counter - turning & burning with smiles and big scoops of taco filling. Do try to keep it street-taco-simple with cilantro & onion only or you will get charged extra (for pico de gallo, cheese, et al).Way to go, DJ!
4	Stopped by here for some late night food - keep in mind I had some drinks - but it was delish! I like that you were able to make your own tacos AND nachos. But yea.. keep in mind I was drinking :)
1	Had the steak fries and it was horrible.. Authentic or not it was not good
5	Love this place. I got the marinated pork, steak and beef tongue tacos with menudo and it was so good! The price is good and great location.
5	Great place !!!! Great service !!!! Reasonable prices .. If you're ballin on a budget this is the place to be !!
3	Great if you're trying to find Mexican food on the strip. Price is like going to Chipotle but it is more authentic. ($7-$12 range/entree)  I had the carne Asada burrito. Was expecting more flavor and authenticity.
4	The tacos were incredible!  The rice and beans weren't that great, they were very bland.  People were very friendly and the prices were reasonable.  I would suggest it to everyone!
3	$2 tacos.. that's pretty amazing prices for anything on the Vegas strip. Taste was pretty good, on point but nothing spectaculr. My complaint is that they wanted to charge extra for every salsa you get. You know how at chipotle you can get hot salsa, corn, pico de gallo all on the same thing? You can't do that here. Extra charge for each salsa
5	Must have when im in Vegas...I always order pastor and asada tacos ..Oh the quesadillas are delicious too..Cant wait to go back this July.
4	Good spot for quick tacos on the strip!
4	Didn't have high expectations for this hole in the wall, but the food was outstanding.  There are a ton of options on the strip and a lot of them are garbage, DJs had awesome tacos and burritos, and we went multiple times in a 3-day stint in town.
2	Not impressed.  I had barbacoa and carne asada tacos.  They were bland and small.  Nothing special.
1	This place doesn't even deserve any stars. The manager that owns this place is a total asshole and talks shit about his customers. Not worth giving them money to keep them in business.
5	I haven't had a lot of Mexican food in Las Vegas, but I've had a lot of Mexican food! This place has some of the best I've ever had. Add to this the fact that dJs has reasonable prices across the strip from Louis Vitton, and you have a real winner!
5	My girlfriend and I had carnitas in green sauce with rice and beans, and it was delicioso!!!!  She's Mexican and she thought the flavors were pretty authentic.
4	Had trouble finding the location for this place. Its next to Harley davidson and Hawaiian market place. If youre on Aria, Cosmo or bellagio side take the air cross walk in front of the cosmo.Good food, good price and no wait!
3	Disappointed, especially after reading reviews. Spent $18 for carne asada fries and taco plate. Expected full size foam container and got HALF for fries. Couldn't taste the meat too much cheese sauce, that one my fault, should have asked for one scoop. Taco plate, one scoop rice and beans, expected more, though beans were really good. Would i come back, maybe but not go out of my way to do so. Onr more thing seating outaide, hips hurt because metal seats meant for size 7 and under!
4	Decided to get tacos for some late night eats on the strip. Got carne asada, chicken, and carnitas. I wanted to get grilled fish too but they didn't serve it at the time I visited.  I felt brave and asked for habanero salsa on my taco. HOLY SH** it was so good but I was running around like a crazy person for a good minute...but I enjoyed it because it didnt have the usual a$$ taste from the pepper but had all the good components. I was able to use the yelp discount which was a plus.
4	We stopped in here for a quick lunch on a Tuesday in August. We picked up some tacos and ate in the little seating area outside. The food was cheap and delicious. They had lots of options for different meats and salsas. I got chicken, barbacoa, and carne asada tacos all with the red hot salsa. Everything tasted good, and it was nice to get a quick, cheap, tasty lunch right on the Vegas Strip.
5	Excellent and affordable Mexican food right on the strip.  Once you are tired of the chains and the buffets, come to DJ's for their 3 taco plate with rice and beans for $9.  If you check in with the Yelp app, it's 10% what is already a really affordable meal.  My personal favorite were the lengua or beef tongue tacos.  If you have never given lengua tacos a try, do it at DJ's.  You will not be disappointed!  So flavorful and tender.  Such a treat to find authentic, delicious Mexican food right on the strip!
4	By far the best taco place on the strip. It's tiny, but there were multiple reviews for its taste and value, so my friend and I decided to go.The burrito was humongous. The meat was tender and delicious. There was a lot to choose from for my burrito, so I piled it up. I highly recommend it.The chips were okay since they tasted like they came from a bag. I was kind of hoping they made their own, but it's not taking away from their quality.The hot sauce wasn't too alarming, but it's probably to cater to the average person. It was delicious though.The reason I gave it a 4 and not a 5 is because while I was eating, there were flies constantly landing on me, which disturbed my lunch. That's why I took half of my burrito to my hotel room and devoured it.
3	I came here over the weekend bc the reviews said how good the food was. I got the bowl and the 3tacos. The food was okay but definitely not spectacular. I felt the meat was lacking some spices. Ingredients was fresh but lacking.
5	My brother recommended this place and my husband and I absolutely LOVE it. Service is okay, but food and price is great! Definitely better than your Mexican restaurants. $2 tacos!!!  We loved it so much we came back the next day.
5	Good quality ingredient for nachos and burritos, like a qdoba. Had a 10% off deal for checking on on yelp and had a $10 for $15 deal.
4	Taste + Location + Price = 4 StarsThe food isn't mind blowing. It isn't the best Mexican I've had. But for the price, location, and the taste, it's worth giving them a try.I only had their tacos. They were cheap and pretty good. A bit on the soggy side with all the sauce, like I said not the best I've had but good. Has a street taco / backyard / homemade taco kind of taste.The rice was plain white rice so I didn't bother trying it (come on, serve that delicious Spanish rice)."Hey I'm right on the Vegas Strip and I want some tacos.""Man, I'm right on the strip and I want something cheap, fast, but still pretty good.""Dude, all this walking around and drinking... I need some quick good food.""I can sure go for some tacos."Give DJ's a try.
4	I got the chicken burrito which was darn good. Added cut jalapeno and the hot sauces and boyyy was it spicy! A+ for not watering down the salsa. The chips were not that good though, thought it was not worth the 3 or something bucks. Burrito: A, Chips B-
1	Wack... Luckily I got 10% off for checking in... Rice was hard, Carne Asada tacos tasted kind of old
5	Carlos and alfred are amazing! This place is awesome! I love everything about it from the food, atmosphere, hospitality! Its awesome! Keep it up fellas
4	First meal in the city and lived up to its billing. Had the taco platter with: carnitas & al pastor pork plus barbacoa beef. Fresh onions & cilantro, lime and a great spicy green salsa. Throw in some guacamole and a Modelo beer - it was a perfect start to the trip.Plus Carlos was super friendly and shared bits of different meats for tasting. Great service.
3	The food here was okay, I had the taco plate.  Maybe for the strip it is good and cheap but in comparison to outside of LV it wouldn't be getting 5 star reviews.  There was nothing wrong with it, but it was not 5 star food.
5	Manager has great energy.  Food looked fresh, place looked clean, shared the burrito with two of us.  I would def come back!!
5	Quick service, cheap tacos and I didn't get sick!! This was probably the best find I've ever had in Vegas!! If I'm walking that way I'm sure I will make a stop for another $2 taco to keep me sober on my Las Vegas Strip walk lol....
5	Great food and great service. Alfred Montilla makes you feel like your family. Most definitely coming back again
4	Decent food, the tortilla for the burrito is the size of a pizza crust. They ended up getting pretty busy and only had 3 people working and the order of service was getting confused. I watched my food starting to get cold as they had it staged to be wrapped. It was still ok and a good value but could of been a lot better.
4	I love street tacos. I especially love street tacos that can be ordered from outside of a little window, be it a truck or a window stand. Don't worry there is counter service inside the place too. I'm not sure if there is any indoor sitting, we sat outside. It's Vegas! We were excited to see they had Carne Al Pastor cooking. Real Al Pastor turning on the spit, and a nice little pineapple dangling above it. Mmm Mmm. I had 2 tacos Al Pastor and 1 Carne Asada, with the spicy green salsa. They have about 5 different fresh salsas to choose from. The Al Pastor was good, the meat had a great traditional flavor, yes I wanted more. The Carne Asada had a little different flavor maybe cumin or cloves, but it didn't taste so great so. Stick to the Al pastor. 3 tacos 1 beer under 10 bucks.  Yes I'm going back.
5	Place was amazing ....real street authentic tacos, burritos, quesadilla , steak fries platter, etc .Really friendly people and everything is fresh.  Went 3 days In a row and still can't get enough!
2	Disgusting, Expensive Non Authentic Mexican Food.Yelpers you failed me here. I purchased the yelp deal $15 for $10 prior to arriving here based on stellar reviews. Disgusting- all the meats sit in their grease in chaffing dishes under heat lamps u build your own entree, all toppings are also sitting in chaffing dishes they are served buffet subway style. They consist of lettuce onions, cilantro, cheese, guacamole, and salsas. I did not order their nachos or carne asada fries but noticed they use nacho cheese for these entrees; this practice is totally americanized disgusting, nachos should be made with real cheese. Expensive- I ordered the carne asada torta sandwich 8.95 with beer $4. And my wife ordered the carne asada quesadilla $9.95 plus $1.50 add quacamole and 2 tiny tacos al pastor $2.50 ea. and corona $4. Total bill 35$ so much for affordable. I understand vegas prices are inflated but for a hole in the sewer mexican restaurant this is unwarranted. I would not mind the price if the food was good quality.Quality- my wife's quesadilla was big lots of cheese with a small amount of meat. The cheese was not completely melted they made it in a hurry not sure why they were rushing since there was no line at the time. The meat was fatty and greasy from soaking in the chaffing dish. She took a few bites and could not finish it. Just too greasy. The tacos were small no complaints about meat says they were good not the bomb. I had torta they toasted the bun added a slather of beans a slather of guacamole lettuce onions and asked me if I wanted mild or hot salsa. Im mexican I need it Hot yo! I went to take my first bite and noticed the bolillo was soggy it had already soaked up all the grease from the meat. Their picante salsa was bland I could not taste A hint of heat from it non authentic like it was served from a jar.Ambiance- located in a strip mall on the strip like a small little ghetto inside the strip. It is dirty, you will dine outside with wobbily tables and hard chairs. Only feeling that was authentic was the ambiance felt like I was in TJ. Went out of my way to eat here never again. Eat at a nice restaurant share an entree with your partner will b the same price. Dont do it Yelpers!
2	Disappointed given the otherwise positive reviews. Fish tacos aren't that hard but when I ordered three, I was told it would be another ten minutes. No problem but when I see what looks like a bag of frozen tilapia (I think it may have been fresh) being pulled out, cut into three minuscule pieces, and slapped on a grill, I'm not excited. Throw in white rice and very plain black beans and I've really lost interest. Then, when I'm ready to pay, the price is increased by $1.50 because I ordered the fish. I'm fine with that, but at least put it in your menu board so it is clear. It definitely isn't worth an up charge. Bottom line: the flavors of the food were decent (green spicy salsa was good), but I'd rather have La Salsa or Baja Fresh for a cheap taco on the Strip. Also lacked any atmosphere.
4	DEAL ME INThis place is a total find and is located on Fremont Street next to the Heart Attack Cafe. You can not miss it because they have a blinking red neon sign that says $2 Tacos. Enough said!!!I needed a light snack before dinner after skipping lunch, so I decided to pop in here. They had a large selection of meats to choose from. I decided to go with a pork carnitas taco and a shredded beef taco. Both were really good and packed full of meat. The $2 price also included a choice of hot sauce and I went with the medium green salsa.  Cilantro and raw onions were included too. I skipped the cilantro but dived in on the raw onions. Luckily I had a tin of the Yelp shaped breath mints to freshen me up afterwards. The meats were really tasty. There is nothing like a slow roasted piece of meat in my book. I saw the grilled steak and grilled chicken but they looked a little dried out. This location has many of its meats precooked and sitting in warming trays. This is why I choose the two meats I did. The pork carnitas and shredded beef were sitting in their own natural juices and I knew they would be yummy at any time of the day. I was dead on. I decided to go with a medium salsa because I was taking a redeye flight back home and I wasn't looking forward to terror at 30,000 feet, so I played it safe. They had several salsas to choose from but I was happy with the medium salsa verde. It had the perfect amount of spicy without being too over powering. The location is in a food court without any  mall. There were two other restaurants in here. One serving pizza/pasta and the other serving Asian food. I did not try the other food at these two places but was offered some Asian chicken on a toothpick that I nicely turned down. So if your on Fremont Street looking for a light but filling snack then I highly recommend this place. The tacos were really good and I would come back here in a heartbeat for a good meal deal that won't break the bank.
4	Perfect late night dining option. I came strolling in close to midnight after working up an appetite walking the strip and this perfectly hit the spot. Even though they were close to closing staff was still friendly and welcoming as I made up my mind.Even though tacos are there go to I went with a pork burrito with all the toppings. Pork was moist and well seasoned, lettuce and tomato were fresh and crisp. re-fried beans were a tasty and flavorful add on. The portion size and price were also perfect especially compared to other places on the strip.Great little spot for some late night eating or at any time during the day.
4	Decent, affordable real Mexican food on the strip.  The food is just pretty good, easily the best affordable food on the Strip.
2	Stopped by here with the bf on our way to Caesars Palace. The lady assembling the taco made us feel so rushed even though there was no one behind us. It was our first time here so we didn't know what we wanted as toppings for our tacos. She kept scooping up different toppings assuming that's the one we wanted with an annoyed look on her face. I believe the lady ahead of us felt the same way because apparently the other girl working put the wrong sauce on her tacos - she was rushing the lady as well. At that point, we felt like we were "bothering" her and left with some plain ass tasting tacos. We got steak and chicken tacos and it was so bland! Rice and refried beans also nasty. The only seating available was outside with the pigeon shit covered tables. Disgusting. Should have went to Chipotle instead!
4	The tacos here were good. One of the best lengua tacos I've ever had. We tried their other tacos but I can only remember how good the lengua was. It's pricier than other local taco joints but is definitely worth a shot if in the area.
5	This place blew me away for a cheap awesome place to eat while visiting Las Vegas. It was recommended by a friend and although hard to find, so worth it. The tacos are amazing and cheap(only$2-3 each) I ordered three of them with a side of churros .They were cooked fresh and the flavors are incredible. The flavors are so complex and the meat marinates in a special seasoning and sauce. The chicken was my favorite but the others were delicious as well. There is a wide array of fresh salsa and homemade guacamole. To find this place you need to find the Harley Davidson sign and then walk a bit further to little Hawaii. This place rocks and is must in Vegas. The staff was incredible friendly as well.
3	The people are nice, and it's cheap. But the food is not worth the price at all. I ordered a 3 taco plate with rice and beans. There was little flavor with everything and the tacos were so tiny. I am visiting here from San Francisco so I guess I have higher expectations for tacos. This place was a solid 3 stars for the service, food, and convenience together, which isn't bad at all - just don't come in with any expectations.
