5	If you ever go to school at University of Illinois Champaign-Urbana, you must visit a Merry Ann's diner at least once! Especially to try the infamous DINNER STACK:  hash browns topped with cheese, hamburger or sausage patties, two eggs, and then smothered with delicious sausage gravy. (Add a KFC-like biscuit for another 95 cents.)This is the latest Merry Ann's in the area out of three locations. By me being the first to review it you can tell that not everyone knows about it.  Therefore, it's the cleanest location. Like the other Merry Ann's, it's open 24/7 and I've definitely seen some students write key papers over several cups of coffee.Prices aren't bad. Lots of food choices. Once finished, pay up at the front register.
5	This place was awesome!  The service was great and very friendly.  We went for early dinner and had cheeseburger, fries, shakes, and biscuits and gravy.  Everything was really tasty, although diner-y, so you know it's probably not the best thing to eat every day.  Very well-priced (under $20 for all this good stuff) and close to campus.  Highly recommend.
4	We went around 1 am.  It was pretty well filled in there.  We got a table right away and service came and was very nice.  I ended up splitting a diner stack which is hash brown, eggs, biscuit, and choice of sausage or hamburger.  I got the eggs over easy and sausage.  It was really good!  It was smothered in gravy and was a bit over peppered but it really added to the taste and did not overpower it at all.   This is one of the most expensive at 8.25 ish.  But well worth it.  The rest of the food is in the 6 ish range.My other friends were happy with their fries, chili, and root beer float.  The chili was salty but that could have been the crackers that were put into it, I didn't try it myself.I must say, I have NEVER had service this fast.  We got water right away, the food was on the table 2-3 minutes after we ordered.  She kept making sure we were good on water and clearing plates.  She was VERY Nice, never made us feel hurried.  I would highly recommend it.
3	Drunk food at its finest! You can't go wrong with breakfast food and drunken folks. It's easier to go here and get grub than drunkenly go home and try and cook. The service is solid, quick, and the food is affordable.  HOWEVER, I've never been sober, because I'm afraid that my view of the joint well go south.
3	After a disaster of a breakfast at IHOP yesterday, I went with a group of seven to Merry Ann's Diner in Urbana for breakfast today. There were only a few groups in the place so seating was not a problem. We were able to order quickly and our food came within a few minutes. Everyone seemed to think their breakfast was okay -- no great raves, but no problems either. Service was excellent. My meal was a Mexican Omelet with hash browns and coffee -- and was good.
2	The food and service are great during the morning, average throughout the day, and absolutely awful during the night. We came here around midnight (all of us completely sober) and ended up having to wait almost 15 minutes just to be acknowledged by the overweight waitress with one of the worst attitudes we've ever encountered. After another considerable wait for our food, and another considerable wait for our bill, we were thoroughly dissatisfied with the waitress who seemed to be doing absolutely nothing while we waited. Finally, we pay and leave, but as we are walking across the street, we hear the door open and that very waitress scream at us across the street, "Are you f*cking serious!? You tipped me 36 cents?" Admittedly it is kind of a dick move to tip anyone in change, but I have never met any waiter/waitress with the audacity to yell at me for it. This was by far my worst experience at this place, but I'll be back in the day when the waitresses aren't overweight goths with a bad attitude.
4	Love the horseshoe
4	Been here a few times so far and the shakes are delicious and thick, reasonably priced too. Friendly service. I've had the burgers, breakfast food, shakes, and smoothies. Everything is good, shakes are a great deal since they're huge and thick. Other food options are relatively small portions.
4	Went for breakfast this morning. Excellent service! Our waitress was attentive, kind, and went out of her way to make our experience enjoyable. The food was what you would expect from a diner - big portions, cheap prices. Would definitely recommend Merry Ann's!
4	I was in Urbana for a job interview that didn't start until 9 AM, so I decided to grab some breakfast. Being unfamiliar with the area, I wasn't sure where to start. I saw a subway, but I wanted something more, and I got it!I walked in at about 8 AM, and I was the only one there, along with Alex the cook, and Debbie, my waitress. I am an eggs and 'cakes guy, so that's what I ordered. I had the mega omelette (egg whites and no ham/cheese), with a banana instead of hash browns, and a short stack of pancakes instead of toast.The omelette was solid. It was nothing great, but it wasn't terrible either. The salsa that I asked for was just okay. I put ketchup on some of my omelette... I love that stuff.Anyways, my short stack of pancakes were the best part of the meal. They were fluffy and delicious!Debbie was very fast, even though 6 other parties came in while I was still dining. She was by herself on the floor, and did an excellent job.It looks, and sounds, like Merry Ann's is known for their late night gluttony items, which is fine. I was looking for something quick and not terrible for you, which is what I got. I wish I would they would have had some green veggies for my omelettte, but oh well.7.60 for an omelette, fruit, and cakes? AWESOME! I tipped very well to show my appreciation.I was not aware that there are other locations in the area until driving around later that day. Open 24/7. If I'm in the area for breakfast again, I'll def stop by!
4	Amazing price for so much food! This location and all of its other location are open 24 hours a day every day. And they now have chorizo!!!!!!!!!!!! You can get amazing chorizo sausage with your dish!
5	I love this place I always come to this one the service is great always nice and funny and more then happy to tip the food is basic dinner food with a not so basic taste fully recommend it for a midnight snack and a good time
4	A lot of places will claim to be "old-fashioned diners," but Merry Ann's is as close to that description as I have ever seen! Merry Ann's is one of my go-to spots for food around campus, and by far my favorite place for breakfast food. The only down-side is that they are frequently under-staffed, but Debbie and her team are always hustling to make up for it. It is very reasonably priced (it comes with being near a college campus), the food is delicious, and the waitstaff and chefs are extremely hard-working. I highly recommend the ham and cheese omelette, which (I believe) includes a choice of pancakes or toast. Go with the pancakes - they are fluffy and piping hot. Oh, and make sure to compliment your meal with coffee. It will come to you in traditional diner fashion - sliding down the table as the coffee swirls around the edges and ever-so-slightly spills over the sides. I go for the food, but I stay for the diner atmosphere. Consider Merry Ann's!
4	I loved the authentic diner experience!   Definitely one of the best places to eat breakfast in all of Champaign- Urbana.  I've had the mushroom and cheese omelet (delicious!) and the french toast (good home cooking comfort food).  I want to go back for lunch sometime soon and see how their burgers rate.  Definite thumbs up for Merry Ann's!
2	No one ever said it was quality. Open all the time, pretty affordable.
3	Went there once. very basic, taste is normal. Reminds me of waffle house
5	The place is relatively cheap, and a nice break from dorm food if you're a student. It has a very retro diner kind of feel, if you enjoy that kind of thing (there's a counter with spinning stools and a whole lot of booths). Their chocolate milk shakes are fantastic, and I've always had a good experience with anything they have that comes with eggs and hash browns.
2	The workers here have grown jaded from having to deal with university students on a daily basis. We sat a a dirty table for awhile before someone came in and finally cleaned it. I ended up getting a breakfast burrito which was fairly average. It's a place to go if you don't care about lazy service and want average diner food.
5	Flame food. Definitely the best spot off breakfast on campus hands down and arguably the best place to eat from 2-10 am Waitresses are always quick and friendly and food always comes out promptly and delicious.
2	Decent food, horrible service. My friend and I went here on a Saturday morning. It was pretty busy but we were able to seat ourselves and find a table. The menu looked like normal diner food and I ordered the mega omelet with two pieces of wheat toast and my friend ordered a waffle with 2 scrambled eggs on the side. The food came out pretty quickly but my toast was not even toasted but instead just warm and soggy from the amount of butter they put on it. After cutting into my omelet it oozed with grease and I think they were using slices of American cheese inside?? Despite the grease and cheese it wasn't the worst omelet I've had and it was stuffed nicely with veggies and meat. The hashbrowns were also decent. My friend said she enjoyed her waffle but when her "scrambled eggs" came out it appeared to be a flat not fluffy mini omelet with nothing inside.. Definitely not anything close to "scrambled". After we finished our meal we walked up to the counter to pay and there was a long line that didn't appear to be moving. After a couple minutes of investigating for myself, I realized that the credit card machine system had crashed. The girl working at the counter didn't feel the need to let the long line of customers know what was going on. After 20 minutes and missing our bus, she started just writing down the credit card information of customers and saying she would charge us later?? After the person in front of me she said " if anyone can pay with cash please do that so I don't have to enter these all in later" with an extremely rude tone. When it was my turn, she took my card and had the nerve to ask me to leave a tip. I left a 2 dollar tip and left. Definitely not a great last impression. This place is probably amazing when you're drunk with the amount of grease and poor customer service you'll get. But it's cheap and just don't get your expectations too high.
3	This little diner in the heart of the U of I campus is a great place for a quick breakfast.  We were lucky enough to find two tables for six on a busy Saturday morning before the football game.  Our server was fast and friendly and our standard breakfast fare was tasty and hot.  Not ideal for large groups since the seating options consist of either 4 top booths or counter stools but a good choice regardless.
