4	This place DESTROYS any other quick-dine at every airport I've been to around the planet in terms of quality of food and making it not feel like you're waiting for the 3:35 to Tulsa for some lame family thing.  But take this review with two scoops of salt -- this IS an airport bar after all and drink tabs here add up quicker than Rainman.  First, let me inform you that this spot is in the gate 1-13 (I can't remember how high the gates go before you move over to the neighboring set of gates) in Terminal 4.  Usually the destinations I travel to using Southwest fly out of this area, which is great because I NEED a bloody mary and Terry Bradshaw cheese fries before a flight.  Kind of my tradition I guess, but both are freaking GREAT before a flight.  You can get a double for $1 more to get that extra kick of vodka.There are a ton of TVs and a whole lot of tables despite its tiny square footage.  Every time I've been in here it was crazy packed, but have had no problem finding a table either immediately, or with in a few minutes.  Turnover and service here is quick.I will also add that this place, despite its name, is NOTHING like the similar monickered spot in North Scottsdale.  In fact, I wish that the place up north was more casual like this one.
3	As the announcer comes across the PA system to jab a delayed flight notification spork into my neck I immediately stand up, don my backpack and drag my carry-on behind me like a ball and chain to soak my sorrows in suds.A friendly old man greets me and I chuckle when he refers to me as sir.  I ordered the biggest Sam Adams and a chicken sandwich that would hopefully be low enough in calories so that I'd be able to indulge in a steak dinner tonight (if I ever make it to Dallas) and keep my caloric count under 3000 (thanks Sam Adams).  Surprisingly the chicken was tender, juicy and the bread was lovely (I happen to be a bread expert by the way).  Onions were perfectly sauteed and the basil offered a subtle unique flavor.  I'm going to try and replicate this at home.Another beer please!  And YELP...1/2 STARS PLEASE!
3	The food was decent, and came out quick. I thought the menu was a little busy for how limited it was. Only a couple items were listed on each page, the rest of the page was covered with some trivial information on a Fox Sports announcer. This made the rather small menu take up several pages.
2	Here's the quick and dirty (keep in mind that I give some leeway when reviewing airport food versus normal food):Pros:-quick service-great place if you want to catch a game-really impressed with free wifi at PHX-For folks who need to charge their computer during their downtime, there are outlets on some of the corner tablesCons:-burger was mediocre and you'd expect them to have burgers nailed at least (choice was b/w medium well and well which should have been a sign). this may be the best PHX has to offer, but I doubt it.Would recommend trying somewhere else.
1	Every time I come here the staff is so rude! Its the closest bar to my gate so I'm kinda stuck. Hey staff, can you please pretend to like people????
4	So we had an hour to kill before our flight and decided fox grill looked like the best option. The last time we ate at the airport, it was an overpriced and underwhelming experience. So, we really didn't get our hopes up. We order some beers, wings and a chicken Caesar. The beers were delicious (of course). The wings were surprisingly yummy. We got half BBQ and half buffalo. They were crispy and perfectly cooked. The chicken Caesar was also good. Overall we were both surprised. For airport food, I give it a definite thumbs up. The service was a bit slow, but the beer made up for it.
1	Totally disgusting overpriced caesar salad alert!
3	Ehhh. I get into PHX from SNA at like 8:30pm and on at least two occasions I've been told that the kitchen is closed, I can only order booze at the bar. Well what the heck, Fox Sports Grill?Here's the deal, in the concourse where FSG is, there are two red eye flights to the east coast, one would think FSG would stay open a little longer than 9pm for food. I'd rather spend my money at FSG than the hotdog/sausage place closer to my gate.The drinks are good, wait staff are nice and food ok (when you get there early enough). Chicken quesadilla was average, needed some spice.
2	Doubles of jack taste like singles to me!
2	Ouch slow service and bad food what a combo.
1	Where is the zero?The waitress who worked our table was such a b!tch that we left.  I was really hungry too so it had to be way over the top rude.  I hope they aren't all like her.
2	Solid 2.5 star airport restaurant. Generally, ths place is dirty and the food is marginal. However, the C terminal offers very little in terms of real food.I was very happy with the service.....just wish they'd do a serious re-model on the 80's sportsbar motif.
3	Decent enough place to sit down and watch some TV while waiting for your flight at PHX; prices are high, but so are all sit-down places in airports.  Food was okay; staff was okay; other customers were loud jerks.
1	Waited 15 minutes in the terminal section with no service.  There were other patrons that were waiting on checks etc.  I dont know why I stayed so long but it wont happen again.
1	We sat at the outer "patio" and had to search for the waitstaff more than once. When I finally found the one of two servers and asked if there was a waitress for the outer "patio" I was told, "yes there is" and she promptly walked away. Horrible service. Eat TCBY instead. The management should clean house and get rid of these two worthless servers ASAP!
2	Miserable spot in a depressing corner of the airport. It's overcrowded, dirty and dated. Service was slow but it wasn't their fault. When I flagged her down, my waitress, though obviously harried and overworked, was surprisingly pleasant, earning FSG an extra star. It was a slow night in the world of sports, and a terrified-looking family in a corner had to ask the staff to change the channel away from a grizzly UFC-type thing set in the jungle. The manager couldn't work the remote and succeeded only in alienating the segment of the restaurant half-watching a listless game of third-tier baseball. A drunk followed up by dropping a glass on the floor, which made an already grim atmosphere feel somehow worse. The whole thing felt like a bad carnival experience.  I left feeling unsatisfied and vaguely anxious, exactly the opposite of what you want before boarding a plane.
2	Service is just horrible, the taller big blond women walked by me three times and didn't take my order.  when i walked up to order she said to me you need to be seated! just rude
1	The breakfast food served when I ordered the scrambled eggs combo was probably scooped out of a buffet style bin dropped here several hours (or even the day before) earlier.  The eggs were cool, toast wouldn't melt the butter, bacon was tough and room temperature.   However, credit to my waitress for removing it and serving me (by request) a fresh fruit cup.  Really lousy food at high prices.
2	Ordered nachos...took about 20 mins for it to come out. Sour cream looked like cottage cheese and they use the shredded microwaveable cheese. The beer is good, can't really go wrong with that!
2	What sounded like a promising and even delicious burger, the Buffalo Ranch, arrived at my table as a total disappointment. To start with, the "seasoned" burger resembled a thick piece of cardboard in both taste and texture. This was topped with soggy shredded lettuce, a flaccid slice of tomato, and a barely detectable dab of buffalo sauce. The creamy ranch dressing and shaved red onion? Non-existent.  Supposedly coupling this culinary disaster were "seasoned" fries (when I asked what they were seasoned with, the response was salt and pepper), and a pickle spear (also forgotten).  At least the server Brandon was a nice guy and he offered to remove the burger from my check. For this, and the fact that the place serves beer and has sports on tv, Fox gets two stars.
