1	Pardon the language. God dammit Phoenix, or Arizona for that matter, how the hell did you let THIS happen. Look at it for chirsts sake, it's disgusting.So what happened here I'm not quite sure, but apparently to me it was sometime in the late 90's a couple of well off outsiders moved to town and bought up some land because it was so cheap. Problem is though, outsiders started bringing their friends and before you knew it home prices started SOARING out of control. I think it was best when I toured an open house that was selling for somewhere around 620.00 a square foot, then called the realtor out like this "So, you're charging Newport Beach prices huh?"He didn't like that."Scottsdale seems to be humorless in just about every way, but especially about its citizens collective dream of being Beverly Hills or Newport Beach East. You wonder how all of these Arizonians got their money with such a mediocre strip mall job market, or, if they don't actually have money but are very intent on pretending they do, you wonder how long it will last. With the Arizona housing market dropping off faster than any other state in the US you can deduce that a lot of people lost a lot of money."  -The Economist But human nature is to hope and believe that things will always be as good as they are right now, and operate accordingly, so another round of JAGABOMBS!Then the shopping came to town, which nobody could afford and if they did, just made them look like an idiot or, a clown dressed middle aged man....Affliction anyone??Furthermore there's no pride in Scottsdale, just watch, Arizona has plenty of good sports teams that it's residents can root for, but in Scottsdale it's root for the Yankees or the Lakers, apparently because the city "is at the same level" as NYC or LA. New concepts come all the time, and they close all the time, it would be nice for these people to finally admit they can't afford all the fine things in life all the time and move on, instead of embarrassing themselves on the news with another store or concept closure. Figure it the fuck out Scottsdale, I'm tired of hearing about all your drama. And no, you can't have anymore California concepts, you lost that right after you couldn't figure out how to run an Oakville grocery, which is about as simple as feeding a dog bacon.
4	I've only done this a couple of times. Breaking my rule of writing a review for a non-business.I'm leaving the City of Scottsdale, but I figure it was a 4-Star experience.This town get's a lot of guff from people who think it's "too pretentious". To those people, I say, get out and see the world a little. I've lived all over. Salt Lake, Los Angeles, Las Vegas. I've even spent the better part of the year traveling on business going from city to city, hotel to hotel.Scottsdale has nice restaurants, a decent nightlife, great golf courses and an interesting mix of people: young professionals who just got their first real job, wealthy folks who enjoy life, seniors who are wondering why they are still alive. This place has it all.The city is run like a well-oiled machine. The library system is very good. It's easy to pay your utilities. Construction can be a pain, but ends pretty quick. If you like sports, stick around for Spring baseball. The Giants, Diamondbacks and Rockies play here. Some people like to hit the poker table and, there are casinos nearby for that. If that's not your speed, hit the spa. Plenty of those to go around.I'm glad I had a chance to experience the best of Scottsdale. If you are a visitor, stay in Old Town, but make sure you venture out to the north. There are some pretty cool things up there. Like Taliesin West.Lastly, if you are looking to live here...it's not that expensive. You can buy a decent 3BR home for 150-200. At least right now. It might be tougher to sell it of course. But that's with any place.Good luck.
5	I love Scottsdale! They have the best shopping around, not to mention the beautiful desert landscaping. It's really a desert version of Miami south beach or the Beverly Hills.
1	My wife and I just finished building a very expensive home in Scottsdale.  We were limited to a thirty foot height "to protect property values."  Fine.  That's fair.  But now  in our little gated  community the city has permitted a four story condo building - and I tell you folks the rooms do not have 7.5 foot ceilings.  I am sure that our home and those of our neighbors will help push the value of the condos up just as that much taller building blocking the views will push ours down.  Had we known that the Silverleaf developers could "get to" the city and avoid the restrictions it forced on us we would have built in San Diego.   There's a lesson here: Avoid investing in cities that have one set of rules and laws for the average person and a different set of rules and laws for the friends, cronies, and contributors of its politicians.
5	From the first day, I treated her like no other.I lovingly washed her.Wheeled her outside twice a week.And, when she fell, I was quick to pick her up and clean her off.Then some miserable fuckstick of humanity stole her...right out from underneath me.I called the City of Scottsdale and reported her missing. They said they would have a new garbage container out to me in two days.I won't let this one out of my sight. Not ever again.Five stars, Scottsdale.
1	Scottsdale Municipal Services truly suck the big one and swallow. We never received a water bill in August. Today, 9/5/14, we received a bill showing a past due amount "due IMMEDIATELY" and a $5 late fee for a bill we never received. I called Water Services and was directed to "Revenue Recovery" as if I'm some sort of deadbeat. I explained my problem and the woman on the other end became terse, rude and downright nasty. "Well, we use the same mail everyone else uses so it's not our responsibility if you don't get your bill." So I'm supposed to drive to where they print their bills and pull mine off the line? Is that it? The conversation got worse as I tried to explain that it's unfair to penalize me for a bill I never got. "Well, you can have it taken out of your checking account (for a fee)" Oh, like I'm going to trust this slimy bunch of perverts with my bank account and routing numbers. Like hell I will. The end result is that I can take a full day of my time to file a formal protest which will go before a board of review to see if they can waive the $5 "late fee". I know their time isn't worth anything but mine is. I guess they are really telling me that need to steal a plant from the park to get my $5 back. There were a lot of ways the city could have handled this communication which would not have angered or antagonized me but the PMS Queen chose to speak in condescending tones and tell me it's my responsibility to police the US Postal Service. So I overpaid by a penny just so they have to post it as a credit. Next month, another penny and so on until I have my $5 back in manual processing time.
4	Scottsdale desperately needs a name change.In my 35 years try and find a spot where the streets are not being torn up for improvements. If you drive around there are endless spots where the streets cry out for resurfacing.  Is the city in cahoots with supension companies ( shocks & struts)? No mercy for all the small businesses that the road construction maims.A lot of places squeak by. Business or driving on the streets?? Total lack of coordination. Well this street is being "improved"???, but so is the next street over. Have to wonder how the police, fire and ambulances get around? All kidding aside, I do like Scottsdale, in a few spots. Possibly city planners were all raised in bomb shelters? Not sure the streets should feel like a war zone. Maybe a few more medians, worthless trees and shrubs will finally make transportation impossible? Could this be innocent segregation? As Bob & Ray said 50 years ago. "How did you get here? We came by stage coach. But there is no road."Welcome to SPOTTSDALE!
