5	Affectionately referred to as "Don Julio's" by my family, this place has been around for decades. A 'hole in the wall' with almost exclusively Hispanic clientele, Las Palmas is run by (drumroll please) wait for it, wait for it..... Don Julio himself!Don Julio and his wife make the best empanadas on Earth - seriously. Traditional Colombian style, the shell is made of cornmeal dough while the inside is nothing but juicy beef with a chunk of potato here or there, seasoned to perfection by Colombian hands. With scrumptious aji (pronounced ah-hee, aji is sort of like a fresh green salsa with a bite) and a wedge of lime for squeezing, Don Julio serves them up right. Every time I'm in Montreal I make the pilgrimage to Don Julio's, and usually end up leaving with a few dozen extra to freeze for later.Las Palmas also makes various other assorted traditional Colombian dishes, and delicious fresh juices/smoothies, but I've never really tried anything except the empanadas! Oh, they also have Colombian pop like Colombiana and Manzana Postobon, both a delicious complement to the empanadas. Ah if only Don Julio served beer.Muchas gracias Las Palmas!
5	Green sauce has many names, chimichuri, sauce verte, or salsa verde. Ole! Las Palmas' green sauce is Latin love. It's a wonderful puree of tomatillos, herbs, and chiles creating the perfect bite of fresh, tart and sweet with a little kick.Empanadas are Spanish/Portuguese stuffed bread - but not just any bread, and at Las Palmas they make it with cornmeal (OMG, delicious).  The filling varies but at this local eatery its jam packed with meat and potatoes (OMG, I'm such a meat and potatoes girl). Las Palmas' empanadas are so well made that even after the first bite it's intact and the stuffing doesn't burst out.Green sauce + Empanadas = The Perfect CoupleI LOVEEEEEEEEEEEE the empanadas.  I hope my enthusiasm is clear - it's hard to express here.
5	My review was marked as Spanish...I believe I've now fixed the problem.Figured while I was here, I could update you.I was recently in Montreal and went by Las Palmas.  My last three visits to the city have included stops at Las Palmas.  My empanada craving seems to have a mind of its own these days.I had one at the Toronto Food Truck festival.  It was terrible.  One bite and then I threw it out.  That experience may explain why I had a couple this weekend - I was overcompensating?  I ate a couple then took a few to go so I could snack on my way back to Toronto.  I tried Las Palmas for the first time four years ago, which is when my sister took me.  She found the place more than a decade ago.It's still the BEST empanada (and salsa) I've had.
5	This is one of my favorite "hole in the wall" in Montreal. I make sure to stop by every time I am back in town.
2	I am very disappointed after reading the great reviews and going to that place. As a Mexican taking my Colombian grandma along to eat there, we were expecting to eat authentic food with Latin American flavors but the only thing authentic in my view is Don Julio, the cooks and the tv programs. We ordered the Paisa platter, some empanadas,  chicharron along with some fruit juices. The food was terribly simple, with no real taste and expensive for what we got.  I was expecting fresh fruit juice but it was made from a (cheap) concentrate pulp sold at latin markets for a very expensive price. I don't give one star because Don Julio seemed to be a nice person but for sure I won't come back there anymore.
5	I love their empanadas. Crispy on the outside, well seasoned on the inside, and delicious with the aji (salsa). Very small, with seats at the counter and at the window, and the time I saw it crowded (late Sunday lunch), it was Spanish speakers only, so I think that's a good sign. Friendly service. I haven't had a chance to try one of their plates or soups, will update as soon as I do.
