3	If you live in Madison, you too probably have a love/hate relationship with Charter.  It's nice to have high speed Internet without having to buy a useless cable package, however it kind of sucks that the service is insanely inconsistent.  As someone who has spent countless hours with customer service representatives ranging from inadequate to empathetic and resourceful, I have no idea where the problem lies with their service.  (a.k.a. why am I not consistently getting the Internet service that I both adore and pay so much for?) However those of us who just want high-speed Internet without phone or cable one just sort of has to suck it up as this is really the only option.
2	My arch-enemy.I've never encountered a company with such an astounding lack of customer service.  Their monopoly on the local market doesn't help either.UPDATE: after posting this review, a customer service rep contacted me regarding my problem.  I had a rather pleasant email exchange with the reps.  We still weren't able to correct my problem but for finding an employee that was willing to go above and beyond, they gain an extra star.
1	They charge more than the services they provide are worth.  Since they currently have a monopoly on cable tv in the madison area there is nothing anyone can do about it.
1	To be fair, I am not yet a customer, so I cannot rate the actual quality of their cable/internet.  That said, I have so no such qualms about revealing their absolutely HORRENDOUS customer service practices.I spoke to a representative yesterday to sign up for internet service at my new apartment.  I specifically asked the representative if there were any promotions currently available, in order to receive the best price possible.  He quoted me 39.99 as their only current promotion for basic internet (not including moden/router rentals, upgraded speed, etc.) Taking him at his word, I accepted, and scheduled an installation.  Thus begins the tale of woe:--------------------------------------------------------------  Later that night, on the internet:  I see advertised in giant, bold, colorful letters, $24.99 for basic internet.  Just about half the price of the "promotion" the representative offered me.-  I call the representative line to find out what I was told a blatant lie (in nicer terms, of course).  He confirms the promotion is available, but he doesn't have authority to change me to that price. TRANSFER 1, TO SALES!- Sales also confirms the much cheaper promotion, but says it is an online-only offer, and she absolutely cannot give it to me:  I can only receive it online, and I will need to reschedule my installation.  TRANSFER 2, TO THE INTERNET!- The internet promotion finds my address alright, but instead of being able to sign up online, every time I reach the promotion page for my address, I receive the same error message:  "Your session has timed out or encountered an error. Please start over or click the "Back Button" on your browser. If you still wish to contact us."  This occurs over 3 different computers and the same number of unique browsers.  TRANSFER 3, TO THE ONLINE-CHAT REPRESENTATIVE!-  Online chat confirms again that the service is available, but I cannot achieve it online, only over the phone.  Having just been told the *exact opposite*, i attempt to point out the circular logic there, but to no avail. Apparently, reducing my price to their own advertised offer would be considered "downgrading" a customer, and he is not allowed to do that. TRANSFER 4, TO THE PHONE REPRESENTATIVE (AGAIN)!-  The new phone representative tells me that as I am NOT a customer, she cannot help me at all.  Still loving the contradictions (the last one claimed that she could not downgrade customers, now I'm not even a customer?  Really?), I try to argue, but she claims sales needs to handle me, and transfers my call.  TRANSFER 5, TO SALES (AGAIN)!- And at this point, after another few minutes of lovely Charter advertisements and soothingly torturous elevator music, I am transferred to... a voice mail.  This proceeds to Inform me that the Sales Depts. hours are over, so please call back later, and then terminates the call.---------------------------------------------------3 fun filled hours of lies, contradictions, and a misinformation campaign that would dazzle ANY public figure later... absolutely nothing was accomplished, except a gigantic waste of my life and a review that will hopefully reveal these horrifying business practices to all those unsuspecting cable-seeking fellows on Yelp.Beware.
1	there should be a negative rating on here.  one star is way to high.i am sick and tired of how the cable box is never working their solution? KEEP RESETTING THE BOX... YES IT IS MY JOB TO MAKE SURE I GET MY SERIVCE ON A DAILY BASIS.  IT'S NOT THEIRS TO MAKE SURE IT WORK.  Plus they have poor customer service but I don't blame the people that answer the phones but the people who st the rules to nickel and dime it's customers. charter is horrible and since i coudn't get thru to complain on the phone here is my truth.  Charter is the worst.
1	Used Charter for a couple of years. Just ditched them and I couldn't be happier. Shortly after we first started with Charter our connection went out, took them days to send someone out and it turned out they'd disconnected us for no reason at all. Thanks Charter. Fast forward to the recent past when our bill went up, I called up to try and get a new promotional rate because I'm no paying $60 for internet that bombs out briefly a couple times a day. They said they couldn't do anything better than their listed rate. After that I decided to downgrade to their lowest speed for the time being in order to save some money. When I called up to do so they transferred me to retentions and magically they offered me a better rate. Turned out they were lying and there was an additional charge on top of that because I wasn't bundling serviced (I have no interest in rotting my brain out watching cable TV or having a phone that I can't take with me in my pocket), when I complained and asked for the original rate the supervisor did not apologize and said the last person I talked to must have assumed I knew about the extra fee. When I told her I wanted the original rate she said there was nothing she could do, what is the point of having a retentions department if the best they can do is what is listed on the website?Finally I organized DSL with AT&T which was simple and easy and did not require a visit for installation. I just plugged the DSL modem in and called customer service who guided me through the set up. When I called to cancel with Charter they offered me the original rate but I'm pretty sure it would have been the same thing again. After calling to disconnect I got several calls from Charter trying to get my business back if perhaps they offered me a really good rate but by that point they'd managed to blow whatever shred of credibility they had left in my mind. Since I don't trust their billing practices I had no interest in continuing business with them any longer and am now much happier for it!
1	I signed up for Yelp solely so I could post a review of Charter. That is how much I hate them. If you are new to Madison and you don't live downtown - go with someone else. If you are living downtown, sorry, like me, you're probably stuck with Charter. I have been their customer for 7 years, so my list of woes is long, but I'll just sum up the current one:I canceled my account towards the middle of June. The account was to be canceled as of 7/1. On 7/2, I moved. On 7/8, I returned all my equipment to Charter. 7/9 - present, I am STILL receiving bills for this account (now up to $280!). I have called 4 times and received INCREDIBLY poor service. People who were supposed to call me back have not. All have admitted that, yes, my account is showing up as canceled on 7/1, but that some mysterious "work order" has not been completed. The current agent I am speaking with told me they actually OWE me $19, but that the account still will not be canceled until the "work order" is complete. Do yourself a favor and get U-Verse or WHATEVER else is available in your area. Charter has a monopoly on downtown Madison and as such, treats its customers like crap.
1	In my opinion, Charter Communications is just terrible.  They have been unreliable, unhelpful, rude and incapable of providing an acceptable level of service.  The customer service representatives are like talking to pre-programed robots, even in the midst of a prolonged service outage, their main goal is to sell more worthless services. Avoid this company like the plague.
