5	Friendly staff.  I was a walk in, waited a bit for a spa pedicure but who can complain sitting in a massage chair.  Vanessa did a cute french pedicure w a requested flower.  It was relaxing and a nice environment.  The staff was always asking if I was comfortable and even provided water. Will be back.
5	This is a fabulous place!!  Super clean which is always a plus.  I was a walk in and I got in right away no waiting.  The gal that did my pedicure was awesome, she is a perfectionist which I most appreciate. I am going back for my manicure next.
1	In a city with nail salons on every corner, customer service is essential. Being the newest, "nicest" salon isn't enough. Had the worst experience here with my son - the owner was beyond rude and treated us like crap. The lady that did my nails was awesome, unfortunately his behavior was atrocious. Total jerk.
5	I love this place! It is so beautiful and clean inside. I get my nails done by Tina and she always does an amazing job and is very friendly, I highly recommend her! I've only been in twice so far but I will definitely be coming here to get my nails done every time from now on.
5	I have been going to Color Nails and Spa for about six months now.  Tina, who is new, is awesome.  She has done my eyebrows, manicure and pedicure --- all which turned out fabulous. The salon itself is very clean and comfortable.
2	As a walk in I asked how long and they said 5-10 minutes. 30 minutes later I was finally starting my gel manicure. They looked nice as I left, but did not last very long. I have been so places in the area and paid $30 and my gels last 2-3 weeks. At this place I paid $35 and they didn't even last two weeks. I would not go back there unless I was extremely desperate.
5	Color nails is my new favorite! Exceptionally clean which is a huge priority for me. Customer service has always been great and they take their time and do a really good job
5	I moved to Henderson from Los Angeles, and have finally found my new nail salon! I have tried numerous salons and their work was ok, but not up to the standard I was accustomed. This salon is super clean, they have the talent to make my nails look special and unique. Ken is awesome. If you are looking for a truly amazing place to get a manicure and pedicure try Color nails and Spa! You will not be sorry!!!
5	Cleanest nail salon. I won't be going anywhere else. Hundreds of gel colors, and very friendly staff. Plus they play rad shows on the tv. I followed 2 of the technicians from a salon I frequented in Silverado Ranch. My toes are happy!
5	I love this place, specially Tina, I come here and feel comfortable, she does from wax, to manicure, pedicure u name it. She is awesome, always treating u with courtesy and very attentive. Good job Tina, you are the best.
5	This my new salon for pedicures.  My friend and I went at lunch for birthday pedi's, best decision we could have made.  Tina and Carrie made us feel like royalty.  Never before have we had such thorough and relaxing massages on our feet and legs.  Amazing ladies, we were still commenting on what a great experience we had three days later.  Oh and the pedicures came out beautiful.This salon is very clean and they have the most incredible massage chairs.  There is quite an extensive selection of polish that is up front, so you don't have to walk clear through the salon to choose your color.  I always feel weird trying to figure out where the polish is, and then feel pressured to hurry and pick.  Not here, I was able to browse polishes while they got things ready.  Sounds silly, I'm sure but this matters to me.I can't wait to go back again.
5	If you like designs on your nails, and a manicurist who is amazing at doing nails, make an appt with Diana....she's awesome!!!!
5	Tina did such a great job on my pedicure!  Finally someone who really cares about the customer.  Definitely would come back again!  Thanks Ken for booking my appointment! Great salon.
1	I have been to many nail salons but I have never had such a bad experience (more than once). Every time I have gotten a gel manicure here it has lifted up the very next day (if I'm lucky it might have lasted 2 days). Kari, did my nails all three times and every time without a doubt they lift. I don't understand why because any other nail shop that I have been to and had the gel manicure -this has NEVER happened. I definitely will NEVER go back here and I will make sure I tell all my friends not to go here either. With the bad nail job and not to mention the rude owner I seriously have no idea how this place stays open. Definitely never going back!!
5	The prettiest, cleanest nail salon in Green Valley right next to the new Target. Ken is the best.
3	I visited this nail bar today for a gel manicure.  Maya was pretty fast once we got started.  However, I had a 4:30 appointment and sat up front until 4:45 and once I sat down, she had to get up to help some people and then cash out a patron after she started filing my nails.  They seemed a little disorganized, but I'm not sure if this is common or an anomaly.  They don't have ombre sample nails, so Maya asked me to find one online to replicate.  I had one on my phone and she tried to mirror my example.  The outcome was not the same, but I still liked the look.  The only issue I'm having is that a few nails have what feels like granules on them and I can't stop messing with them.  I wish they were smooth, but these don't affect the look.  We'll see if I can last a couple weeks without picking them to death.
5	Tried out this place for eyebrows, gel mani and pedi... It was awesome. Very clean, relaxed environment. Hailey did my mani and eyebrows, which were perfect btw..and pain free. No redness after waxing. My nails and toes look amazing, the foot and leg massage was so much better than the typical one we are all used to getting. I'll be going back.
4	Kari did a great job!  My Ohio State Buckeyes are going to the CHAMPIONSHIPS so I picked a wicked cool color scheme and she rocked it!  Thus salon is very clean and modern!  They have insane color choices!   I was pleased and will be back!  Id give five stars but was s little frustrated with the fact me and my friend felt very passed around but we had no appointment and it was a SUNDAY afternoon so I understand!
