4	This place is good for what it is... A cheap, mock Asian food place. Don't come here expecting gourmet or authentic food. Sometimes it's the cheap overly Americanized stuff that's the best. The chicken teryiaki bowl is great. The sauce is sweet and they really put a lot of it, I just wish they would put more chicken and veggies.
2	Cashier was rude, I had to ask for my fortune cookie (if you knew me, you'd understand I'm huge on fortune cookies, it's a big deal for me), foods not that good, foods not that good, the carrots tasted and smelled like a cow farm, if that makes sense (New Englanders will understand), I will give them the positive feedback on the environment being cute. My chicken however was too chewy.
4	First time ever eating here and it was delish. I tried the chicken fried rice bowl combo , which comes with a egg roll and drink. It is a little on the expensive side but not too bad . The food is worth it . The establishment from what I seen of it was clean. The employee was a little gloomy though.  But over all experience was great
3	Same Kyoto bowl, in fact it was a time warp going in.  I had not been to one in years, looks the same, but well worn.  Food is still good, but a bit pricey for what you get.
5	It was like taking a trip back in time when I walked in. The decor used now is the same as back in the early 90's that I grew up with (though a bit faded). Somehow, I like that it hasn't changed. After living in California for 8 years, it was nice to come back to something VERY familiar.The cashiers are friendly enough. Last week she took my order, and said thank you, with a smile, at the end. The male cashier, tonight, was fine too, I don't have high expectations at a fast food joint. As long as you don't spit in my food, we're cool.The food is good if you are looking for a good cheap meal that doesn't contain a burger and fries. It definitely isn't authentic Japanese food. (Of course, if you think Panda Express is authentic Chinese food, or if you like to douse your rice in soy sauce, this is the real ish.) I highly recommend the veggie egg rolls. They are so good I could literally eat them every day. I don't know what's in them, but they are amazing.The house chicken is great if you're dining in as it will become a bit soggy if you take it to go. The steam from the rice softens the crispy exterior quite a bit. It's a little bit sweet, and a little bit sour - but it isn't like sweet and sour chicken. It has little bits of pickled carrots and cucumbers (I think) mixed in and some green onions thrown on top. The teriyaki chicken is great if you're dining in or taking out. If you don't like a lot of sauce on your Teriyaki, ask for it on the side. They really lay on the sauce.The fortune cookies are hit or miss depending on who is working. Usually the girl cashiers are a bit more generous (or maybe I'm just that cute.)
3	Fast food, Japanese style.  Kyoto Bowl serves up teriyaki dishes, curries, and stir fried items over rice.  Service is fast and cheerful.  The dishes have decent portion sizes, with decent flavor.  I can get full from a regular sized bowl, but for those that want bigger portions they do offer large bowls too.  The decor is a little dated, and it always seems dead when I've gotten food from here.  In fact, when chatting with the barista at the nearby Dutch Bros, when I mentioned I just came from Kyoto Bowl, the nicest thing she could say about it was "Oh, it's so quiet there, isn't it!?"
4	Good food.  Ate there today and I like that the dishes are not overly sauced yet sauced enough for you to enjoy the taste of the meats and the sauce.  It's a bit pricey for the portion you receive.  I would frequent it more should the prices be a bit more reasonable say about a buck less for teriyaki chicken.  Should you go for the combo with the drink, two entrees will run over $16.00.  Don't get me wrong the portion is a pretty good and it is cooked right when you place your order.   It is just that you can get more for less elsewhere -- though some cheaper establishments are not nearly as tasty.
2	Take 15 pounds of typical Asian fast food entrees, dump them in a laundry machine with sugar instead of detergent, and serve on a fresh lump of sticky steamed rice. Don't get me wrong, its still decent. But that's the caliber of what you should expect here.This place has got the cheer of a rest stop restroom. The guy I seem to always order form always looks like a manic depressive. But hey, if you want calories and it's on the way, go for it.
5	Kyoto bowl has the best teriyaki bowls I've ever had in my life. Hands down. They cut out the vegetables you always push to the side anyway and load you up on chicken and yummy sticky rice. Don't even get me started on the sauce!!!!!
2	This place is actually not good. I went here several times before finally putting my foot down. It is worth a couple extra bucks and walking two blocks to go to Stingray, or really, anywhere else. Like, this place is actually bad, I am unclear on their rating or how they are still in business. I'll give them an extra star for decent service.
1	I keep wanting this place to be what it used to be, and keep getting disappointed. There is no other term to describe the $10 yakisoba bowl I received, other than disrespectful.     The "all white" option I ordered were mostly sawdust size scraps, and large ugly chunks of rib meat. I questioned the counter guy, and he immediately hid in the back for the remainder of my visit. I left the uneaten portion on my tray, on the counter as a clear message. I WILL NOT RETURN. Please view the picture I took..for the Kyoto Bowl employees, go eat at your competitor in Tempe Marketplace to taste what you are up against.
1	I got the chicken and veg bowl. It was so bad that I threw most of it away. It's drenched in sugary sauce, and the chicken still has tendons and fat on it. Not great al all.
1	Ewwww! I drive by this place everyday. Thought I would give it a shot today. I took 2 bites and had to throw the rest away. I will never come here again. The owners should be embarrassed to serve this slop. I wish I could get my $7 back.
