5	Best braider in Vegas!  Fast, professional and braids are on point!  Will def. go back again!
5	Great braider very affordable money well spent
5	I am in the process of a long transisiton from short relaxed hair to "natural".  Sean was not only able to braid my short hair but I was in NO PAIN.  Sean was very considerate of my edges, told me how to maintain my hair and very resonable with her fees.  I have had many braiders over the years, american and african , and Sean is the best HANDS DOWN!Thank you Sean!!
5	I was referred to sean  from  a woman I  saw at. The Nordstrom  in Las Vegas  first let me say how refreshing it was to find a braider who is licensed  and knowledgeable about  hair. Her work is simply  one of a kind the braids are so  precise and neat   Each braid is truley a work of art  I am from NYC  and since being back home I've never had so many compliments on my braids. Sean I wanna thank you for your professionalism and your hospitality you are  a artist and I will be back thank you  for everything. Best service and one of a  kind work
5	Sean has done my braids for the third time this year. She's an awesome braider. I just love what she is able to do with my hair. I know when I leave her chair after having my hair braided. I am beautiful!  The braids are small, identical and consistent.  I always get compliments.  She's the only braider for my hair!
5	I've been to Sean twice and I'm extremely happy with my braids! She is the ONLY braider that I've been to that doesn't braid my hair so tight that I have either a headache for days or can't sleep at night. Her braids are neat and she does a great job explaining the up keep. Her rates are affordable for the quality that you receive! I love my braids!!
1	This review is about a year and a half late. Only until I saw her today on yelp is when I thought, "I need to let these women know what MY experience was". My initial interaction with Sean wasn't the best. I called her expecting to set up an appointment  only to receive a less than "warm" reception from her. Sean was rude, irritated and short. She basically told me (paraphrasing) that I needed to pay her up front by depositing the money in her account. Hmm! Ok! I immediately went to Wells Fargo, deposited the money so she would at LEAST take me seriously. After I made the deposit she explained to me that recently she had been setting appointments for people who didn't show. Odd, but ok! I need my hair done! She makes the appointment, assures me that she ll be ready 6am and it will take her 8-10 hours. I wake up at the crack of dawn to only knock on the door to NOTHING. Nobody comes to the door! I call her, NOTHING. I hated to bang on the door but, I drove 25minutes away from my house, at 5:30am! Finally, a smaller version of her came to the door. It was her gorgeous daughter! She was so sweet. She apologized and said her mom was still sleep. She tried to make me as comfortable as she could. Sean came down 20 minutes later explaining that she was up all night doing hair. Before she started, I told her that I wanted my micro braids to NOT be cut. I don't want them all being the same length (personal preference).She told me ok, and got started. After about every 2 hours, she would call her daughter to cut the "fly away" hairs off the braids (to make them neater) and flat iron the hair (which was odd again. Who flat irons synthetic hair? )while she laid on the couch and tried to get 10 minutes of sleep. Fine by me until I felt my braids get a lot lighter. She CUT MY BRAIDS! The very THING that I didn't want. I couldn't even be mad at her daughter though. I immediately said "Oh nooo!" Her mom woke up and said "She didn't want her braids cut!!". I'm thinking, "Why are you yelling at your daughter, when it's YOUR fault?" Her daughter wasn't around when I told her that I didn't want them cut!  So, now I'm just sitting there frustrated. Then as Sean is braiding, I'm noticing that she's braiding down only midway. Meaning, I still have my REAL hair sticking out of the synthetic hair? WTF? I asked her "you're not going to braid it all the way down" She told me no. I paid her EXTRA $$$ because my hair is longer, and I have a big head. I'm used to paying a little bit more. Only to not get my hair ALL THE WAY BRAIDED! So now, I have cut braids with my hair sticking out the braid. No wonder she says you can't get the braids wet! I get braids SO that I'll be able to get my hair wet! The conclusion was, I had small braids with the bottom of them being BIG AND POOFY. She KNEW I wasn't happy as she asked to take a picture of it and saw my face. Her response? "Smile, you'll get used to it". It took me a WEEK to braid those braids all the way down. Of course she posted my picture on her fb page. I like to actually get my hair braided for convenience. Not a week of inconvenience!
1	2nd Update- My husband and I are responsible for 10 teenage boys with behavioral issues as well as my 6 year old  daughter. My references are DFS,DJJS,and Parole. My days consist of therapy appointments, school conferences, after school sports and  spending one on one time with 10 different teenagers and a 6 yr old so that they feel supported.(Just to name a few). So, this is why I CANNOT braid a FULL HEAD of micro braids all day. My TIME is valuable, that's why it's EXTREMELY important that I don't waste it. Braiding my hair, when I paid someone so "EXPERIENCED" like yourself to do  was unacceptable.I never claimed to "know it all", so those are your own assumptions. Unfortunately, my beautician has moved to Texas, hence my search for a NEW stylist. I actually have a braider! (Thanks for asking!) :) She's professional, quick and can take direction. Maybe i'll refer her to your unsatisfied clients.So something GOOD can come out of seeing YOU! You really have to step up your customer service ma'am. This is getting a little comical! In the words of my teenage boys "You mad bro?" Obviously you have a lot of HAPPY customers right? Why are you so affected by my review if you have "100 clients"? Yikes! I remember you saying that your daughter was on honor roll, getting accepted into colleges! BEAUTIFUL GIRL! Kudos to the both of you! Hopefully when she is a "business owner" like yourself, she'll be more open to constructive criticism.  I am all for bringing other women up, as long as they provide good service!  Yelp is for reviewing service.Consider yourself REVIEWED! Unfortunately I don't have time to "look up you tube videos" to learn how to braid. I'm too busy trying to save our boys from the streets and raise my daughter to be as intelligent as yours!  :)  I rather pay someone to do my hair.  You can "you tube" how to make smoothies! I see you go to TROPICAL SMOOTHIES! #BYEFELECIA Thanks for the laugh though! My days are stressful and this really gave me a laugh! ALL of my friends,co workers and family members enjoyed  your rebuttals as well! Goodnight Sean! Again, good luck! smhUpdated-Wow! Congrats on you becoming licensed! :) I actually was yelping "sew in weaves" and YOU actually popped up. You being on yelp for 2 years is not something I ever knew. This is MY experience with your services a year and a half ago as I STATED.Regarding the picture, you should have it. You posted it! I didn't like them, why would I take pictures with a hair style I don't like?  MAYBE you've gotten better since then, idk BUT this was MY EXPERIENCE. A little bit of advice though, instead of taking things so personally, and trying to criticizing or minimize YOUR CUSTOMERS bad experiences, maybe you should be ACCOUNTABLE and make it right! An apology maybe?  You are in a field where you have to deal with PEOPLE. Customer service is EVERYTHING. Hopefully,  "100 customers" later,  you've learned that. Word of mouth is a POWERFUL THING. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO YOU AS WELL! GOOD LUCK TO YOU AND YOUR BEAUTIFUL DAUGHTER!
1	3rd and FINAL. .. You were very smart to erase your rebuttals from my post AND the other 2 clients that weren't satisfied as well! Looks like you changed all of your replies on 5/10.Hmm, very convenient!  Hopefully you realized that you were slandering YOURSELF for the WORLD to see.You called the other two women in your replies  every name in the book but a child of God.  No real "business owner" would say the things you've said on here for potential clients to see. You went from you not remembering what happen 18 months ago,to how I "RAN to Wells Fargo"after you told me how cheap you were  and me having "long hair and a big head"  to again not knowing who I am? That's fine. People with common sense will know that I wasn't talking to myself! Your last rebuttal to me was to take care of my 10 boys and daughter and leave it alone.  You started that reply with "There are 3 sides to a story". I did leave it alone.I agreed to disagree. Now you've erased and changed your reply to make it seem as if you never said ALL OF THAT?? You had 3 REPLIES! LOL SMH You and I know the truth!  So do my screenshots..
1	I had my hair braided in micros, for $150. I'll list the pros then the cons.Pro: Does not braid tightCons: I had to buy a $9 gel that I'll likely never use again; I had to search high & low for the gel in the beauty supply store instead Sean simply telling me what it was (I asked her for more details but she didn't respond to my text. When I called her to confirm that I was buying the correct product, I greeted her with a 'hi, how are you', she mumbled 'hey'. I can't help I have manners.); when I arrived at the salon, every beautician simply looked at me, no greeting or anything (this put me in a foul mood); she told me that we would have been done sooner if I had flat ironed my hair as her page has all of the instructions; my hair is coming undone (she said she braids an inch past the real hair - not so in my case); the braids in the top middle of my head are sectioned into larger pieces when compared to other sections (a rip off).Lastly, I'm not happy with this synthetic hair. I have to flat iron it everyday and this takes way too much time. She didn't tell me I'd have to maintain the hair until she was finished braiding it. If I had known this I would have bought the packaged 'human hair.'I would not recommend Braids by Sean.
5	sean braided my hair on june 11th. Even though I was running late she was very understanding. Not only that, the price was very good and it only took her 6 hours to do my very small. I would and have recommended her to different people.
5	I originally decided not to go to this stylist because of some of the reviews. But  after I checked out all of the pictures and also her Facebook page which had tons of excellent reviews I decided to purchase the yelp deal. Do NOT purchase this voucher because she does not accept them. I contacted her through Facebook. I sent her a picture of my hair and she quoted me the price and gave me clear instructions on how to make a deposit to book the appointment, what to bring, and how to have my hair when I arrived.  The salon was clean and comfortable. Sean was nice, professional, warm and friendly. She explained the service to me and examined the condition of my hair. There was no pain at all when she braided she used care and precision.  She was very fast and neat. She gave me lots of tips and instructions on how to maintain my braids and keep my natural hair healthy. My hair turned out beautifully and this is the fastest anyone has ever braided my hair. I definitely recommend her. She makes getting braids easy. I will absolutely be returning. She is the best.
5	I LOVE my braids! What I love about Braids by Sean:She is on time, meticulous, and creative. My head is shaved on both sides. Can you see it? EXACTLY! There are no gaps to make my scalp visible.  There is also no braid headache after her service.This is my second time getting braided by Sean & it won't be the last. When I reluctantly took the first braids out, my hair had grown so much and my edges were intact. If you follow her simple care instructions, you will see amazing hair health.PS She's licensed!
5	I just got new braids installed yesterday. As always, Sean's work is FLAWLESS! I'm soooooo pleased my hair has grown so much in three months.Licensed. Professional. Creative.
