5	Gary and Sheila did some family photos for us (my wife, myself and our two dogs Copa and Lola). They were great - we went to a number of sites and they were very understanding of our needs and produced some amazing pictures. We ended up using one on our Christmas Cards, and we have shared many of the pictures with friends. We are looking forward to using them again this year.
5	Sheila and Gary have been taking pictures for my website, catalogs and fashion events for over 3 years.  I always recommend them to my bridal clients, because I know they are professional and do a great job!
5	I have been privileged to attend multiple social events that were photographed by Four White Walls Photography.I wish these guys had been available for my wedding.  I'm actually wondering if I can think of an event to use these guys for.  My next quarterly meeting perhaps?Very friendly folks and they do an outstanding professional job.  Somehow they manage to catch the action without becoming part of the action.  Great candid shots, great scenes of motion, nice still lifes to set the stage...the whole package that you would look for in capturing the feel and flow of an event.
5	The highlight of my Day 1 of Comic Con was running into Gary and Sheila at the J-Fashion Show and being a part of their photo shoot. Seriously, two of the most amazing photographers, and not just in the valley, but like, everywhere. I bet even the Bizzaro versions of these two are warm, friendly, and just teeming with geekery.If/when I become a tranny rock star b movie superstar I will probably pay these two to follow me around and take artistic "concept shots" of me doing everyday things. Just for the hell of it. Let's hope we all don't become arch-nemeses in the meantime.Though if I had to pick two people to be my nemeses, I'd probably pick these two anyway. We'd be that special kind of arch nemeses that shoot lasers at each other all day and then bake brownies and drink sangria at night."DIE YOU WRETCHED--oh, it's five already? Cool. Let's get some jalapeno poppers."Okay. Fantasy time is over. Back to homework and other "responsible adult" shit.
5	We recently had our engagement pictures taken by Gary at four white walls photography... I love their work from what I've seen before at events, but I wasn't sure what to expect from an actual 'photo shoot.'We were extremely impressed with how professional Gary and Sheila were during the session.  We met at the LOVE statue in the Scottsdale Center for Performing Arts area and took pictures all around there...Despite the fact that Jared thought I was wearing too much makeup, and me not hearing the end of it for keeping it on, we had so much fun doing the shoot.  Sheila and Gary made us feel really comfortable along the way.So as anyone would be, I was anxious to see how the pictures came out.  Gary sent a few to me via email within 48 hours, and an entire CD of the shoot arrived in my mailbox within 5 days.  If you're anxious to see a few of the pics, you're in luck... I've posted them to my profile pics.Here are the links to a few of my faves: http://static.px.yelp.com/photo/d_i7S4uyxLB6YJ09nghmzw/lhttp://static.px.yelp.com/photo/kTRHpCHtny08KgJ0qtKTAA/lhttp://static.px.yelp.com/photo/3jhIDaEUa_tJMlKVQV21DQ/lhttp://static.px.yelp.com/photo/70TjzrRHzMnXPul4tUmhEQ/lPricing was reasonable, especially to what I've seen other photographers in the Valley quoting for engagement sessions.  If you need professional pics taken, give these guys a call!
5	Besides being my neighbors, they are great photographers! The way they make their clients feel comfortable, the ideas that they bring to the table and their artwork is amazing. I love their candid shots! They do random photo shoots for their neighbors and we recently did a shoot with them. They're great, I can't say anything but good things about them!
