5	A few years ago, my wife randomly chose Neighborhood Vision Center to get our eyes checked.  Since that time, I have been quite happy.  First, the customer service is unrivaled even by some of the doctors I have had in Chicago.  After the typical battery of exams, my favorite part begins...picking my new frames.I never choose a frame without doing the "Gaby" test.  Gaby is the office manager and she's got a really good knack for finding those frames that work well with your facial features, complexion, etc.  She and I are usually on the same page when it comes to picking frames for my wife and myself.  For instance, my wife and I both have Silhouettes,  Michael Kors, Oga, Jaguar, Nike (Sunglasses), Theory (Sunglasses), and other high end frames.  They also have a very extensive selection of sunglasses by Bebe, Juicy Couture, Nike, and others.Besides Gaby, all of the office staff is a delight to work with.  I periodically bring my glasses back for adjustment by Rachel and she does a very thorough job in adjusting them.
5	this is the best eye care I have found. I was very used to the big cookie cutter, nobody cares places so it was very refreshing to get someone that cares about YOU.
5	I had always gone to Target or Nationwide for my eye care, but recently a good friend recommended I see Dr. Kent Kneip.  Completely different experience all together.  The technology used in my eye exam was incredible, I actually got to see what my eye looked like on a good sized monitor which was amazing.  The exam took about an hour, nothing was rushed and procedures were explained.  The Dr. is pleasant, soft-spoken, and thorough.  I had a comfortable and relaxing experience with him.     Then I got to chose glasses!!!  With Gaby!!!  Boutique-style and pampered with a professional and fun opinion catered to my style and needs.  Gaby made my time there super fun and I ended up choosing sunglasses and everyday glasses in my prescription.  I have a high prescription, so in the past my choices for cute glasses were very limited.  At Neighborhood Vision I tried on 20+ pairs and Gabby helped me take my time and narrow it down.  I was never excited to pick out glasses until I came here.  I am compelled to write this review because I feel like this office is a hidden gem in Gilbert.  I had an amazing experience and will definitely look forward to going back every year.  They have so many brands of edgy and fun glasses, I need to make more money so I can have many more pairs :)
5	My family and I are more than happy with Neighborhood Vision Center. The staff is incredibly helpful, from insurance questions to frame selection and appointment scheduling. Keith, the tech, was super friendly and very professional. Dr. Kneip genuinely cares for his patients and their vision. He checked and rechecked some stuff with my daughter's eyes to be absolutely sure that she was getting what she needed. We've never received such amazing service or doctor to patient care. I can't say enough good about everyone there at Neighborhood.
5	Love this place. The stuff in the front are very friendly and helpful, and the doctor is great, very thorough and helpful!!
