5	High end burgers. Truly a hidden gem.
4	Went in today after dropping my friend off at work (He works at Stripside comics & Sports Card like a block away) and I wanted to try a burger here as I always pass by it when I'm dropping him off.It's a tiny shop connected to the Circle K gas station. There was one person working there, a mexican guy by the name of Emilio I think, and he was working his ass off cookin burgers and makin fries. There was a short wait before I got to order (A burger with cheese, grilled onions, and mayo with fries).The wait for my food was a tad long (about 20 minutes) but I couldn't blame em' as Emilio was all alone back there and there were 2 other people ordering before me.After about 10 minutes of waiting for my food another employee came in, a black dude, didn't get his name unfortunately as he was very friendly and struck up a conversation with me while I waited for my food. He didn't seem to run the register or anything, I think he may have been the delivery boy as he was cleaning the moped outside and mopping the floor inside.The food finally came out and it was delicious! The fries were golden brown to dark brown (which is my favorite way fries are cooked as I like my fries to be crunchy) and had some very nice seasoning on them. The burger itself was phenomenal. The bun was toasted and slightly buttery and the meat was very juicy for being well done. At the end, my total came out to about $8. A good deal for the quality and amount you get.All-in-all, I very much enjoyed my experience at Burgers Brothers and will be going again! Only thing I wish they could improve on is the wait. Good show!
5	I was heading over to a friend's place for band practice and stopped by the 76 to fill up on some gas.  I was starting to get hungry since it was close to dinner time, but then I turned and noticed this little burger joint on the side getting worked on.  They were still setting up their signs, but they were open for business.  So I said to myself, "Why not?"      This place is owned and operated by 3 brothers.   All of them are friendly and definitely help you feel comfortable when you walk in.   I ended up talking to them the entire time while I was waiting for my burger.      It only took a few minutes for my burger to be ready, so it didn't take long at all the first time I visited.  However, the second time I visited I took 8 others with me.  So the wait can vary depending on what you order in addition to how many people are ordering.   But while you are waiting, you can see them grill your order right in front of you.  They serve burgers, chicken sandwiches, hot dogs, fries (Potatoes from Idaho), onion rings, and even Philly Steak Sandwiches.  The buns they use are gourmet buns, and boy, are they great on the burgers!  On top of that, you can have chipotle mayo, grilled onions, and all the regular add-ons/ condiments on your burger if you want.  You can even ask for additional patties too!  As soon as you bite into your burger, you'll be thrown into Burger heaven!  The burgers are juicy and perfectly cooked.   Every bite you take will have you salivating for another.  And before you know it, it's all gone resting at the bottom of your satisfied belly.  Let's just say they're DELICIOUS with a capital D!     It's small joint, that can maybe fit up ten people at one time, so it isn't the largest place to go to if you plan on dining in during a lunch hour.   They do take call-ins, so you can always just call your order in and just pick it up when you get there without having to deal with any wait if there is any.  They are pretty quick on the order taking, because they don't want to keep you waiting.     Overall, both times I visited, I was not disappointed.   It's definitely comparable to any burger joint out here in Las Vegas or anywhere else and reasonably priced as well.  Next time you are craving for a burger, or just plain old hungry, I recommend stopping by Burger Brothers.  You won't regret the visit.
5	My new burger stop. My wife has picked me up some burgers from there previously a few times. Wow. They are delicious! Swung by the other day after work to get gas, and to my surprise they were still open. Walked in and was greeted by the guy who was running it. He recognized my wife right away and already knew her burger order. I wasn't sure what I wanted, so he suggested the cheesesteak. Good choice! Better than Pat's or Geno's in Philly! Also got an order of fries. They are cut from fresh potatoes, not the frozen kind. And they use Heinz ketchup, the only brand that should be legal to use. I definitely recommend this place. Good food, good service, and it certainly hits the spot! Try this place out!
4	Saw this new business pop up on my Yelp app and wanted to check it out. I'm always interested in supporting local business', especially a burger joint. After seeing some good reviews and pics, decided to come here last night.BB is connected to the 76 gas station on LVB right across from the Lee's discount liquor, and it is close to where the old Stoney's used to be. Walking in, there is a small counter to order, a sitting bar for 5 seats, and a small table for 3. After checking out the menu, I picked out a few items and waited for about 7 minutes for my food to come out.Note: I was lucky that there were no orders before me. There is only 1 person cooking, and he takes the ordering as well, so, the 3rd person after me had to wait 15-20 min for their food.Burger - my favorite part of this burger was the bun, it was toasted perfectly. The lettuce and tomato were very fresh. The meat was juicy and was well seasoned. It was greasy, but in a good way.. It would make a great hangover burger. Even though in-n-out is still my favorite burger, I would rank it slightly below that, but ahead of five guys.Fries - I like the fact that the owner used unpeeled fresh potatoes instead of frozen ones. They are the big, thicker ones. Also, he gave me a ton of them for 2.25. Wish they could have been crispier and more seasoned, but I liked them.Chicken wings - they were the bigger sized wings, which is always a +. He put a Popeyes style breading on them, and there were hints of garlic. They were crispy, but I thought they could have been a little bit more crispy, that would have taken them over the top.The owner is friendly and checked to see if everything was alright even though he was busy. I'll probably come back again if I'm hungry and near the area. I would come back at an earlier time, maybe the afternoon, because there are vagabonds in the area that like to hang around the gas station late at night. They also have cheesesteaks that are not on the menu, and other specials, all you have to do is ask the owner.
4	Came here with a fellow Yelper for lunch. I was a bit confused as to the exact location- its in the same building as the gas station so be prepared for parking to get a bit hectic with people filling up on gasoline and beef jerky. The place is super small with just a few chairs/tables and a short counter to eat at. The menu is pretty simple and the guys will help you with any questions you may have with your order. They also make other suggestions to add to your meal. We decided to eat outside to enjoy the car exhaust and do some rather eccentric people watching. The burger was packed with extras and the fries were overflowing in the basket. The homemade ranch was the icing on the cake. One of the "burger brothers" came out to check on our order which I thought was really cool. We left happy and very full. I would say this place is going to give other burger joints a run for their money. A bigger location would surely give this place 5 stars.
5	One of the best burgers I've had! Great little local spot, the burgers are piled high with fresh toppings and the cheesesteak is so yummy good meat, dripping cheese and grilled onions, it's now my favorite! I highly recommend you check them out.
5	Burger Brothers is a great establishment.Down to earth staff, menu, ingredients, and prices. Excellent food, they use quality fresh meat and produce. Staff is excellent. An enjoyable experience.
5	Five stars for the food and five stars for the experience. Definitely a dive/hole in the wall - but one you should definitely make a point to stop at and grab some burgers.Our options were limited on this late Saturday night. It was around 9pm and we didn't feel like going to dinner nor did we feel like making dinner. So Yelp jumped in and was like "what up? I got a dive for you to try" and I was like, "sweet." So after checking out the limited reviews for Burger Brothers I decided to head over and check it out. Burger Bro's is connected to a 76 gas station and has really limited space. It's just walking distance from the luxurious Emerald Suites, and by luxurious I mean anything but that. But location is secondary when you're seeking out good food.I ordered a cheeseburger with advocado and my wife had a cheeseburger with bacon. She said the bacon was cooked to perfection and really complimented the burger. The avocado on my burger was perfect. The cook on the  burger was exactly right with just a little pink - the buns were amazing, slightly toasted on the grill. I don't like fries and I loved the fries here. One order is enough for two, maybe even three people. Fresh cut, comparable to Five Guys but better. I had a chance to chat with one of the brothers and enjoyed hearing about the business which has only been open for 4 months. The order took about 15 minutes to come up since everything is made fresh and there were a few in front of me. Because of the wait he gave me a complimentary beverage - not necessary but very much appreciated. Great to see a little hole in the wall with great food right around the corner from my house. Wishing Burger Brothers all the best and looking forward to my next visit to try the chicken strips and onion rings.
3	I want to give this 4 stars. I really do. But I can't. Why? Because it's too expensive.First of all, the food itself is good. The fries were delicious and very crispy - just how I like them. Burgers themselves were also tasty. I'd say just the right size. Not too big, but just enough. Meat was tasty, and toppings were fresh. But here's where it goes a little bad.The burgers start at $6. That buys you basic toppings that usually come on a burger. That's fine. But what if you want some mushrooms (probably like 1-2 of them sliced)? $1. An egg? $1. Avocado? $1.29. So in my case, I put on an egg and mushrooms. The burger is now an $8 one. It's not an $8 burger. Trust me. It's tasty and all, but not $8. Most burger spots will do anywhere from 25c to to 75c. At most $1 for avocado. I seriously better be getting half of an avocado for that. This isn't meant as an insult or anything because they make good food - but Five Guys makes a fine burger with any toppings I want for $6-7 and has fantastic fries.Also, it took a long time to get the food out. This is understandable, though, because it's a 1-2 man operation and there is actually a lot of traffic. Overall - good food, but pricey if you get into customizing anything. They also run random special items like wings with their own sauces and combo deals. Worth checking out.
4	Like many, the hunt for a great burger is never-ending, but you can stop here and nod your head in agreement that this may be the end to a great hunt.  Burger Brothers, despite it's humble location, grills up some fantastic juicy patties that are made from scratch and seasoned throughout.  The best part of any burger--besides the meat itself--is the bun.  Their buns hold up to the juicy goodness of the patty and toppings.  Oh!--the toppings.  They are as simple as any man can get, and I truly appreciate it.  You choose from onions (grilled or fresh), lettuce, tomato, pickles, sauteed mushrooms, cheese, mayo, and mustard.  I went for all but the sauteed mushrooms and I have to say--that is one excellent burger.The first bite down through that cold lettuce and breaking through the patty and bottom bun was amazing.  Every flavor component I chose was perfect.  I finished the burger slowly, giving my "mmm" and "oh my god" every other bite.  After the burger, I turned my attention to the fries.Oh goodness--the fries.Behind the counter is a cutter that is mounted above a cold water bucket.  Every order you will hear the potato slice through the cutter and drop into the cold water, then the swish of the strainer and the fryer immediately coming to life.  The fries come out crispy, giant, salty, and oh so good.  I could eat those fries forever.Stop in to the gas station for a car wash as an excuse to eat here.  He also delivers.
3	Staff was nice, burgers and fries fair, hole in the wall with lots of flies.
2	Came to this place because of all the good yelp reviews. I assumed it was a regular restaurant. Once I arrived, I noticed that it was connected to a gas station. Both the restaurant and gas station looked run down. My order, one fry, four burgers and drink came out to $26. The place only sits six people inside and another two outside. The tables were sticky, the bathroom had graffiti and no soap. The people who showed up to the gas station, made me fell like I was going to be killed at any moment.Overall the food was good, only because it was different from my typical burger choices. However for $26, it shouldn't feel like you're eating in an alleyway. I feel like I was duped by yelp pictures and reviews. So I decided to add my own picture that tells the whole story.
1	Lies!!! Place was awful. First they advertise there philly steak on the chalk board as you walk in and guess what they didnt have steak in stalk lol! Come on now all you have to do is erase philly steak off the board people. Second the place was filthy and smelled like gas so I guess it was a blessing they were out of steak! Do yourself a favor and keep it moving when you see Burger Brothers
3	3 for the burgers, went by Sat.11-9-13 while fundraising for Veterans day stopped and had a little lunch not 2 bad however, while inquiring whom to speak with in regards to a little support for our NPO Veterans group  we were told by Efrain/Efren to call Mon. and speak with Sako. Well, Mon. is here and we just got insulted. After explaining to the man how happy we were to be back home and still intact, the man made a remark along the lines of this "you did'nt get shot, that's good, how many dicks were stuck in you" exactly what he said, with that being said I would like to say a prayer for the Troops and Vets and i will even pray for these poor souls as they need it. God Bless! Happy Veterans Day
1	Don't Bother! This place is at a gas station and very unprofessional. You go into the little side store and order. Then you have to pay in the Gas Station's convenience store, and then go back to get your order.Got it to go since there was no room to sit anywhere. When I got home and open the boxes, everything looked good. As I ate the burger, mI realized that it was burned to a crisp. Very bad burger.The fries, while plentiful,  were way over done and most still have the skin left on. Taste was not good.I won't be going back ever again!
3	This place is connected to a gas station. When I walked in there was only one guy there who had to both take orders and cook food. The menu is pretty simple with only a few items written out on a chalkboard. I wouldn't say that the place is dirty but doesn't feel especially clean either if that makes any sense. I like hole-in-the wall joints so I really want to rate this place high, but when I go over the pros and cons I don't think I'll be able to. Lets see...I had a double bacon cheeseburger and fries. I wanted onion rings but they were out.Pro1. The bun - I think it's a brioche bun. Very soft and holds up to the meat very well.2. Good selection of toppings and condiments- fried egg, grilled onions, bacon, chipotle mayo (good stuff), mushrooms, avocado.3. Fresh cut fries - can definitely tell they aren't frozen.4. Food handling - Since there was only one guy there doing everything, he started cooking my food, then another customer came in and he took his order and payment. As nonchalantly as I could I watched to see if the guy would wash his hands before continuing to cook my food... he did... which was much appreciated :)5. Attention to detail - I noticed 2 things that were kind of impressive when watching him cook my burger. First, he made it a point to put the cheese on top of the burger patties as they were finishing on the flat top grill so that it could begin melting. Then once the grilled onions were done he lifted the cheese up and slid the onions underneath it. I'm not sure that this made a difference in how the burger tasted but I thought it was unique and I appreciated the attention to detail. Secondly, when putting the burger together, he took the time to stack the patties, lettuce, and toppings neatly so the burger looked good.Cons1. Meat - The quality of the meat just didn't seem that great. Didn't have the beefy flavor that you want from a burger and the texture didn't seem like it was great quality. 2. Fries - Thought the fries are fresh cut, they were very soggy and had little to no crunch at all. They don't have the double frying technique down at all.Overall: The burger was good but not great. The first couple bites were good but  by the time I was halfway through it the quality of the meet started to disappoint a bit. I liked the chipotle mayo and the bun. The fries were seasoned well but definitely too soggy. I'd give this place another shot because they seem to have some good things going for them and if they improve on their weaknesses I think the can be pretty good.I'd give them 3.5 stars if I could, but 4 stars would just be too high. So 3 it is.
3	Don't judge this book by it's cover. Yes it's small and located in gas station/mini mart. I order the hamburger combo no pickles ( I hate pickles).  I got my food the hamburger was a bit small for the price. I take my first bite *crunch* ewww a pickle. The burger had good flavor but the pickle ruined the flavor. The fries were very good but I don't want my fries to finish my meal. - 1 star for burger size and -1 star for the damn pickles.
5	They have won me over. No pickle flavor to ruin one of the best burgers in town. After reading about the ranch I tried it and it is amazing. Maybe one day they can move to a location for more seating. Again don't let the location scare you away or you will be missing out.
4	This is yet another example of why you shouldn't judge a book by its cover.  If you drive by this place because it shares a building with a gas station, you would miss out on  a very solid burger and fry joint.  We had lunch at Burger Brothers on a Thursday.  As many yelpers note, it's small.  As I recall, it probably had seating for 8-10.  They were playing the Bob Marley channel on Pandora, which is never a bad thing.  To eat, I had the combo #1, which is a burger, fries, and a drink.  The fries are impressive, thick cut, which I don't usually care for, and made fresh from actual potatoes.  And, you get a LOT.  My wife and I each got combos, and we probably had a  whole order of fries left between the two of us when we were finished eating.  My only complaint is they needed salt, which was fine because all I had to do was put salt of them, which is not that hard.  These fries were winners, and at $2.25 an order, you certainly are getting great value.The burger was solid, certainly not the best I've ever had, but far from the worst.  Good soft bun that was toasted combined with fresh veggies.  The cheese got nice and melty and the burger is large enough that you get meat in every bite.  Next time I'll probably branch out a bit and get bacon or some mushrooms.  The grilled onions were large, which I like, they weren't small diced up onions that were then grilled.  They actually had some bite to them.We got our son (3 years old) the chicken fingers.  Although he didn't finish them (he never finishes anything), he did like them.  I had a couple of bites and I liked them as well.  If they were ever frozen, they are some of the best frozen chicken fingers I've ever had.  They are made of breast meat and remain juicy despite the crispy exterior.  Also, the skin is thin, which I prefer.  There was only one employee working, so I could see how you could have to wait when there is a rush.  But, we had a nice leisurely lunch, listened to some good music and had a great lunch.  Can't beat this.  I hope the place does good business and is able to move into a larger location, if that's what the owner wants.  Vegas, and the world in general, needs more places like this.
4	This place is a hole in the wall restaurant for sure.. The burgers are very good the fries are out of sight.
1	"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning."-Bill GatesQuoting another legend, Kevin Hart,"You gon' learn today!" Me and a couple of my buddies wanted to go on a late night food adventure and ended up with a food disaster. We were seeking a decently priced burger that wasn't far from us so we used Yelp to help us break down some choices. The pictures and decent reviews made Burger Brothers the place to go. Confused at first by the hole in the wall location attached to a gas station I expected more than I should have. When we walked in the employee did not seem like he enjoyed working there. I order my cheese burger with an add on of mushrooms and egg that came out to a decent price.  The paying at the gas station did throw me off but I just went with it expecting an amazing burger. When my order was ready he let me know that he didn't have any eggs and "not charge me for it." I went back to the gas station employee to ask for my original ticket receipt that shows the items on my burger and proved to the Burger Brothers employee he did charge me. From that point he got defensive with me and gave an attitude while saying I gave you guys the large soda cup instead of the regular because I knew we didn't have eggs. Are you kidding me!! I never asked for an ultimatum for the mistake he made. He knew he didn't have eggs and he didn't take the time out of his only three orders to tell us. The burger was decent but did not have all the ingredients on the menu even on the burger.  The fries were definitely well done with most of them with the skin still on. Overall taste of the burger was ok, but the service that employee gave was the worst customer service I've ever gotten. I don't write reviews  but the way I felt after leaving this burger spot definitely deserved my two cents. If I had the opportunity to get my money back I would take it in a heartbeat. Forever lost my respect for this establishment.
1	I know it may seem like my review may not be legit because this account is new, but the experience I had is the reason I made an account. This is the first time where I felt like the customer service was completely unprofessional. Also, the method of payment was a bit odd. You have to order from the restaurant and pay at the cashier in the connected gas station. From the moment my friends and I walked in, the Burger Brother employee had a sense of displeasure on the looks of his face. As I was ordering, he didn't even pay attention to what I wanted on my burger. My friend and I both wanted to add mushrooms and an egg to our burger but found out they didn't have any eggs. The thing is, the employee told us about the egg after he gave us our order. I wanted my money back for the charge of the egg, but the employee told us he didn't charge us for it. I went back to the cashier to ask for the receipt back and it clearly shows that an egg and mushrooms were charged with the order. Upon showing the employee the receipt, he then made an excuse saying he gave us large drinks to cover for the expense. We didn't even ask for large drinks. I don't understand why he didn't let us know about the eggs from the moment we ordered. I would've been fine with that. His attitude ruined my dining experience. Not to mention that the place only seats around 6 people. Other than that, the burger was pretty decent. A lot of the topping were missing though. The quality and quantity of the fries were good. Honestly, if you want to go to a burger joint like this, I would recommend Five Guys. They are pretty similar in terms of quality except you get your money's worth at Five Guys.
4	Finally there is a actual "burger stand" in Las Vegas... This divey little, and I mean tiny, place is a diamond in the rough on Las Vegas blvd... On a road with some of the most expensive burgers in the works the under 8$ burger holds it's own!!   When you get there do not be dissuaded by the appearance of the place go in and get the burger... It's a simple place with a simple menu founded on my of my fav restaurant rules "do less better"   These guys are all about that and it shows when you open the greasy box filled with delicious burger and fresh cut Idaho potato fries!!  One other note to consider they are very generous with he toppings.  So if you don't like something on your burger like mustard... Make you you ask them to hold it off...Bottom line:Don't judge a book by its cover and don't judge a restaurant by its exterior!   And try this burger
4	Great flavor.... As all the other review stated, defiantly a 'hole in the wall' kinda joint! Ordered a #2 & a #2 with mushrooms & grilled onions for my man, however, we didn't think there was any mushrooms on the burger, very little. Not worth the $1 they charged! As for the fries: not bad, great flavor of seasoning, with skin on, I do like skin. You do get more than you bargained for, we could have shared. Had great service today, customers on the other hand kinda freaked me out, just don't go alone if your a female!
4	Yum...  They had me at 'fresh cut fries'....  Next time I may ask for them crispy to please my SO, but I loved them.Great service and I witnessed lots of hand washing, which is a good thing in my eating out book!
3	The burgers are actually really good, despite the fact that they are fixed inside a gas station. Good choice of toppings, but a little high on price ($5.50 each I think). My main complaint is that they are SLOOOWWW. My husband went and ordered burgers for 7, everything written down on a paper to avoid confusion. It took over an hour! Unacceptable! I'll go back if I'm in the neighborhood, bit only for 3 burgers or less.
2	Walked in this place and waited for 10 minutes and nobody seemed to be working. Asked the clerk working in the gas station and to my surprised he was working both sides. They could have put up a sign saying that. Then placed my order and they were out of avocado. So ended up with a plain cheeseburger. Honestly it was ok but way overpriced for a less than mediocre burger. The fries were the same, just ok. I wouldn't waste your time.
2	Great French fries.  But this place is ghetto as hail, it should be called Bompton Burgers.  Not tryin to sound bouchey, but its not worth risking your life on a Saturday night to get a meal at this place, son.  This shop is leaning up against some extended stay cribs and the tenants treat the alley and parking lot like their front yard/storefront, if ya na-mean.  Even if you were looking to score some trees to go witch ya grub, this is Vegas son, so stick with your reliable services instead of dealing wit deez fules.
1	For those leaving positive reviews I'm speechless. Apparently the owner has all ready given up. We came in at 6pm on a Tuesday. Walk in, no one there abandoned.Go into gas station part, Mexican with almost zero English points towards the restaurant. Sketchy to say the least. We decide to try it never know what you are missing . Simple order.wifey cheeseburger mustard ketchup pickles.Me double with bacon mustard pickles tomatoes lettuce onions raw and grilled.order of fries order of onion rings one drink.NO worky drink get at gas station. OH no gotty tomatoes. OOKK ?? Got our drink sat waited for food.Wife's burger no cheese mustard onions pickles.mine Single patty no bacon with ketchup lettuce cheese. ??Really how can you miss both burgers  thisbadly ??? i inquired on both burgers basically ask WTF. I end up writing our order on his pad for him.Do over. All right except mine a single again.out come the fries and rings.Ask for salt ketchup.hand pours salt into a small drink cup and tells me no ketchup go to gas station? what about my double burger.Get this we all ready have our food again and he is going to go cook another patty????UMMM no thanks refund please. The other reviews on location and activities are Dead-on think HBO The Wire.SKIP THIS PLACE ! Mcdonald's far better and much less frustration.Afterthought:too bad because the fries skin on fresh cut might be the best fries in Vegas period.Still not worth it.
3	I order cheese burger with onion rings on the burger it had meat patty, spicy mayo, lettuce tomato , cheese made everything fresh
1	For the past yelpers who reviewed this POS place are delusional, filthy and grimey just like it.   Every crevice was dirty, the cook doesn't wash his hands even after shaking bums hands that solicit in the gas station lot or after currency exchange.  Food was gross and tasteless.  Fries were soggy even When I ordered them well done.  The Burger is greasy, which is normal and fine by me but season that with some salt and pepper.I've come to this conclusion with one bite of the Burger and taste of 3 fries.  Save your money and time.  I threw the food away and got some In-N-Out.
2	The place is in a questionable location, and the food is overpriced. The burgers tasted okay, but tasted like that overly processed "pink slime" you hear so much about, and the fries were okay, but average. The whole place just came across as dirty and temporary to me.
