1	Ewww. F-UGLY tacky shoes. Seriously. These things should only be worn when gardening in the backyard where only your yard gnome can see you. I don't care how comfortable they are, they are major faus pax statements. Seriously. Now there's an outlet store to spread more of this madness!?
4	I absolutely LOVE Crocs. They are comfortable and washable and perfect during the summer months in southern California. I'm not out to make a fashion statement so I don't care if they're not the most attractive footwear.This store is pretty awesome since they carry a wide selection from children's to adults Crocs. They even sell those clip on thingies (dunno what they're called) for the kids' Mickey style Crocs.This outlet has a bigger selection than the store in Santa Monica on the 3rd St Promenade.
5	I have to admit. These shoes are not the cutest but they are comfy. I was really surprised. While I thought that they were only those ugly clog things, I was wrong. They have some other styles. The one I am most fond of looks like a ballet slipper style or something. Anyways, I have to say, at the least. . .I was surprised. I managed to find a good deal on a pretty ugly colored pair. But, that's not the point. They were for when I go outside with Kona Pie and play with her in the garden. Anyways, they were  cheap and they are comfy. Sales people there were friendly and we shared a few laughs about my misconceptions of their products. I was impressed though with the different colors, sizes and clip on accessory things, etc. Not too bad, considering they used to be the ugliest things on earth to me.
4	Awesome deal on $10 Crocs!  At this price, who cares if you look dorky in these?   Ok, I dont wear the clog version, but I buy these for my kid.  This time, he outgrew his Mickey crocs and now wears flip flops all the time, so I got the flip flop version.  (And yes, I have a sandal pair of Crocs which I recommend if you're looking for comfortable shoe and just can't picture yourself in rubber clogs.)
3	Haha I love reading  everyone's yelp reviews about how ugly Crocs how but yet they're comfy. It's true they are not the coolest looking things. It's also true however that they are comfy. I tried one of these out and it was definitely something I could probably walk in for hours. The comfy feeling actually led me to try out some Crocs at this outlet. This store is Crocs galore. They're in every color and size that you can think of. Also they have some of the newer Crocs here. These newer Crocs are actually pretty stylish! Gasp! Surprise! Really?!? Haha really! There are some that look like ballet flats. There are some that look like wedges. They are really kind of cute. I did notice however that the cuter they are, the more expensive they are. The wedges are about $40. Anyways don't always think Crocs are the ugliest shoes on earth....if you actually take the chance to walk in here and check out some of their styles...you may be surprised haha.
4	This is a new location, which means a much larger shopping space equating to more elbow room. The old store location was really crowded (but it was like a shoebox). The sales prices are great and I ended up getting a bunch for my mom, who likes to wear scrubs these days (she used to be a home care-giver, don't laugh). Let me say, I've got several pairs that I regularly wear (thongs), not just in Hawaii (it's huge there and just about everybody wears them, seriously- if you see them at many of the gift shops, it's the norm) but here, especially during the hot summer months. I've got different styles in different colors and surprisingly comfortable for my feet (like I said, I can't wear cheap poorly constructed shoes). So easy to care for- just pop them into the washing machine with the rest of your laundry (towels ok). It's funny how I can wear kids' crocs as well as women's crocs. Many people in the medical field also wear them (the clog version but specifically for medical professionals), so they are highly functional, as well as comfortable. I noticed the last few times when we were here, there seemingly was a focus on the larger sizes (9 and up). Nonetheless, I did spot Patricia crocs (three straps with a slight heel, a much more feminine style for the ladies) at $39.99- the regular price. I also spotted the square sales bins. This is one of the few stores dedicated to selling Crocs. There is a small kiosk at the Fashion Show Mall, as well as the Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile Shops BTW.Worth stopping by this store for the best deals.
