3	Average nail salon. $32 for a mani & spa pedi. Nothing special, but an A-OK experience.
2	Short Version:  Solid pedicures, bad manicures (multiple cuticle nicks/cuts, and not a good finished product, half done) horrible full set of nails (very thick and looked like they were a week or two old when they had just been done as the nail did not even get close to covering the full nail area).Long Version: The longer I'm on Yelp the more I feel bad for writing a bad review about a business but in this case I must.  Pedicures were pretty good, foot and leg massage was a little lacking but everyone's feet were nice and smooth afterwards.The manicures were very lacking.  I paid extra for my nails to be buffed because as a man I don't like polish on my nails.  Not all of the nail bed was buffed and there was still a lot of skin on the nail bed close to the cuticles.  I pointed this out to the lady and after giving it a half hearted effort on one nail she said it would come off when I wash my hands which we both knew wasn't true.I'm going to try I couple of more places that are highly recommended on Yelp and if I still find no joy I'm just going to have to do it myself or try the crazy expensive places.  I'm sick of $30-$35 dollar mani-pedi places that leave me more angry than happy.
1	The reason this place gets one star is for customer service and their manicures. The gentleman doing my moms nails ruined them. He shaped them incorrectly and then when she told him they were too short he told her to come back when they had grown out.... Then he used what seemed like old gel polish and her nails just look awful. It looks like a two year old did it.Then when we went to pay we were charged extra on everything including the botch job on my moms nails. It was me my mom and sister. We were charged an additional 5-10 dollars on all our services. We had two pedicures, two full sets, and a gel manicure. The only good thing about this place is Tony, who did a great job with my full set. Really though, everything else was either mediocre or terrible. Oh yeah, and they forced us into tips. Hopefully they use it for either a calculator or extra nail technician classes. We are taking a picture of her nails to get the point a across.
5	After having a bad experience with another nail salon, I was reluctant to try this one. But I was not disappointed. I came as a walk-in and they took me in right away. Tina was sweet but hard to understand and it took a while before she understood what color I wanted. But when she did, she treated my nails like they were royalty. She shaped them perfectly without a single nick or cut and my nails look healthy and clean. I had this done about 2 weeks ago and the gel polish is still in mint condition on my nails, without even a single chip. Very happy with the results, for only $30!
4	First pedicure. Place is clean and priced right. I enjoyed myself. This review is simple and right to the point.
5	Randy gives a great pedicure! I came from out of town and was blown away by the way he handled my feet...awesome. The place is not fancy, but definitely a hidden gem. The price was right!
