4	Garcia's has been part of the Valley for decades.  It always brings back good family memories.  The food doesn't disappoint.  I am so glad the moved in this area.  This was their first week, they had a few opening glitches but they overcame.  Good basic Mexican cuisine.  This location is small, so check the wait time.
4	We went to this place to visit a friend who was working and decided that we would have lunch as well.  I am normally a picky person when it comes to Mexican food but this place was actually A-Ok in my book.  Is it 100% authentic, probably not but they do have some things that are actually pretty good and decent.  They start you off with chips, salsa and some kind of bean dip.  The salsa was good but the bean dip I thought was amazing!  I had the red chili burrito with rice and charro beans.  The burrito was good, the chili had good flavors.  The charro beans were good as well but the rice was a little overdone.  My bf had the chicken/steak fajitas which looked and smelled really good.  There was a ton of food left over that he took half of it home!The decor is really nice and they have a beautiful outside patio.  If you go there sit in Rich's section, he will take care of you!  Oh and thank you Garcia's for putting an extra large bottle of Chalula on the table!
3	Mexican food with some history!Read up on the history of the Garcia's and you can appreciate it more. This obviously isn't the original Garcia's, but it'll have to do.  On a Sunday whim, my bro needed some Mexican food.  Garcia's is actually one of my favorite places to attend because of their bean and salsa dip they offer at every table.  The bean dip is the best!  I ordered their beef tacos and tamales.  The taco itself was nothing to rave about and I was totally disappointed by the tamales.  I've had some bomb tamales and this one didn't pass.  It was too hard and couldn't really taste the beef.  Everyone at the tables ordered drinks and when the bill came we thought we had a deal.  Not with the food I guess.The service was good, once they knew we were Yelpers!  Arrr! I hate it when my secret identity has been compromised!  The place itself has the old southwest decor and some pretty murals of random Mexican traditional paintings; overall a very beautiful restaurant. - Enjoy!
3	The restaurant is very nice, cool patio, and plenty of parking.  As Mexican resturants here go I think it's fine. The food is not at all spicy so it's a good place to take those friends and family members who can't take the heat.  The lunch portions for the combos are huge.  So on the Yelp system we should be at or around a 4 star review, but the last time I went the service was painfully slow.  We were the first in the restaurant and I think the last to be served one day for lunch.  So I have to take away a star for spending an hour and fifteen minutes getting lunch here. Maybe I should have told them I was a Yelper like the other reviewers :).Hopefully it was just a one time thing.Try:- Lunch combo ( be hungry )- Bean Dip and Chips
3	Food was good, but nothing spectacular.  Service was good and fast so no complaints there.  Hope this location makes it unlike the other restaurants there.  It's really a nice neighborhood.
3	It's been a long time since I've dined at a Garcia's.  Nice to have one in the neighborhood at a location that hasn't seemed to be successful for anyone else that's signed in there.I had the soup and salad -that tortilla soup with taco salad.  Eh, it was okay.  I wasn't especially hungry so can't say I was wanted or expected much more than a soup or salad.Now the margarita on the other hand was alright.  I got the one with the Cuervo (?) and Grand Marnier and hubby got the one with the Sauza and Grand Marnier served in a shaker along with a martini glass.I was pleased with what I got.  And I had a second one and asked for the Grand Marnier on the side.  Mmm mmGotta love a Grand Marg on the rocks with a bit o' salt.
2	Mediocre food, and overpriced for what it is ($10 taco salad was a joke)...  Admittedly I was debating between a 3-star and a 2-star, since we had pretty decent service.  Would I go back?  Perhaps, for appies, and without the kids...and if we're hungry and nearby.I normally have more to say, but this place totally didn't wow me, even with a $5 off coupon.
1	We used to go to Garcia's on Rural & 60 and really enjoyed their food. Last night we went to Garcia's on Warner and McClinktok (new location) after over 4 years and found that the food was very disappointing. I ordered Tilapia which was overcooked and chewy. My wife ordered veg Quesadilla which was greasy and the oil used for cooking had a strong smell. I don't think we'll be going there any more.
5	I'm a little biased with my review. Being a lifelong Phoenician we grew up going to a Garcia's in central phoenix that has long since closed. My partner and I had been frequenting the location on Rural until the hotel bought it.  We have gone to the new location on Warner many times. While it may not be everyone's cup of tea, the staff is great and attentive!  I have my favorite items on the menu usually Pollo Fundido or Pork Tacos, no matter what is ordered I am never disappointed. I love the new location's space, very cozy and feels like an actual restaurant.  The patio is a great touch.
4	Took my daughter out to dinner Monday night because I didn't feel like cooking, I'm sure we all have had nights like that. I told her I wanted to check out the new Garcia's that is our area, she said ok, so off we went!The restaurant from the outside does not look roomy, but once you are in you see that's not true.I saw on the board their daily special was called an Ajo Grill, so I started to wonder what that was, but took the menu that was handed to me and checked out what other options I had.Now my daughter, she knew right off the bat what she wanted, cheese enchiladas beans & rice, so when our server came to our table I asked him what the Ajo Grill was, he told me it was Steak or Chicken cut up with peppers and onions cut up on top of a bed of rice served on a skittle grill that came with pico de gallo, cheese, sour cream & tortillas, omg yes that's what I want to order!!Dinner came, and it was beautifully colored, the red & green bell peppers or orange of the rice, it was very eye pleasing, and it tasted great! I made me some soft tacos with my tortillas and was only able to eat about half of it, but don't worry, it made for a great burrito at home!My daughter, who turned 21 in June, but was prego and unable to drink, ordered her 1st strawberry margarita, and I giggled when she got carded!We both wanted dessert, I had been craving Fried Ice Cream, and boy oh boy did their fried ice cream hit the spot! It was covered in chocolate & honey, and who would have thought those were good combos, but omg they were!We did enjoy our meal; had great service and I do see us coming back!
4	People's taste in Mexican food is all over the map so you have to allow for that.  This Garcia's does an excellent job of serving the now standard type of menu items for Mexican Restaurants.  They don't "overheat" the food so your out of town guests will be able to enjoy it but it does have flavor.  I love their bean dip for the chips. Their service has been good every time I've been there.  The place seems to be doing OK business so someone else my like it too.  I usally get a green burro or similar and those have been good.
1	I have been to many garcia's before that were pretty good. We were sat next to the only other table that had people, it took an hour to get our food, the service was horrible, my food looked like it had been baking under the heat lamps for 20 minutes, a complaint was met with an EXTREAMLY rude manager, and to top it off I am now horribly ill... Skip this location.
2	On my way home from an appointment...running late....lunch hour almost over....starving....and it is taco Tuesday! So I stopped in here for the first time. This place is pretty near my house and I was looking forward to having a Mexican food choice (other than Taco Bell) in the neighborhood. The place was pretty quiet...and I was seated right away. My server (who was very nice and efficient) came over, and I ordered the taco special (Two beef tacos, rice and beans) I asked for ice tea with no lemon, and when she brought it, some really tall thin man appeared from the bar and told her she forgot the lemon. The waitress explained I ordered it that way. The man walked away. I had no idea who he was and he never said a word to me through the whole meal, but I assumed he was the floor manager. He must have walked by my table half a dozen times and never spoke....weird. Anyway, on to the food. The chips/salsa and bean dip that came out were good...the chips were nice and crisp and the salsa was a little bland, but not bad. However, the taco plate was really bad. The taco shells were hard and the meat inside was so salty I could hardly eat it. The beans were pretty much just liquid...amazingly like the bean dip, so I assume it is the same stuff. Lots of rice and shredded lettuce on the plate..which is not what I really wanted to enjoy! All in all, I don't think I will be back, even though they did give me a lunch club card (buy 5 lunches get one free) I had to laugh when I turned the card over I noticed someone had written on the back ...looked like a catering order!! Hope they don't miss it!
4	Tried this for the first time on Friday. Our server was great and the food was good. We will definitely be going back.
4	I was very excited when Garcia's opened just minutes from home.  We go frequently for happy hour.  The guacamole is delicious and a steal during happy hour.  They don't skimp on the margaritas either.  The food is pretty good.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  We'll keep going back!
2	We received a door hanger with a coupon for Garcia's, so we decided to give it a try...Service was excellent,... The food not so much. Both my wife and I,agree very bland, no seasoning at all....
1	Don't bother! Not only was the food not so good, but also the service was TERRIBLE. The inside is a little shabby, my seat was moving every time I adjusted (bench seat in a booth), and the service took forever. We ordered nachos that took about 20 minutes to come out and were cooled down a lot by the time we received them. We also had to ask the host to get our server just to pay the bill. If the food or the service is amazing then I am ok, but it was neither :(.
1	Do not eat here or you may get sick...My steak was NOT a steak at all...and it was a rotten piece of some other type of meat.  I almost puked right then and there.  The couple sitting next to me had the same experience with there hamburger.  Something is up with this place...don't trust it.  They had attitude when I mentioned it as well.  I walked out.
1	We live close to this location and have eaten here twice now. First I will say they have a great patio. But other than the patio both visits have been horrible experiences. The first visit we sat on the patio and ordered "Fajitas for two." When they brought it out we had a total of 2 taco sized tortillas and not enough meat to even fill one.Our second visit was this weekend. Again we sat on the patio. The help brought out chips and dip right away which was great because we had been working all day and we were hungry and thirsty. Well twenty minutes go by... our chips are gone, are mouths are dry and nobody has come by to even take our drink order. Finally relief we order drinks I ask for lemon... receive drinks. Guess what? No lemon.No biggie, we order our food. My wife orders enchiladas No onions please, I order a chimichanga.  Wife gets enchiladas with onions (still not a big deal), I get a "wet soggy" chimichanga (still no complaint), but thinking to myself WTH I could have gone to Filibertos and at least had a warm crispy chimichanga.Then finally some good service.... here come refills for our drinks :)  ... except the waiter drops one on me. Then he says he will get me a some towels and I stand there for 5 minutes dripping Pepsi everywhere watching him ring out another table before grabbing my towel. We didn't ask, but we received no manager apology or discount.
4	i used to frequent this location often and always had zach as a server by request.  my order was always correct and we even let him order for us a couple times and were not dissappointed.  also let him persuade us to try new shots and drinks occasionally. the food and drinks were always good and if anything was wrong it was quickly rectified.  our waiter has since moved on so we no longer go here as often but if you read  this zach let me know where you are now we would like to come support you wherever you are.
3	Good food, bad service. They took away our drinks (whole table) for a refills and it took 5+ minutes before they returned. I didn't even gave any water.  Had to walk to front to ask for our check too.
2	Maybe it was better when I was a kid.  Ultimate burrito was just a few slices of steak and sliced bell peppers and onions.  There are better places and maybe theyes need to update menu.  I would rate chipolte burritos better and filaberto tacos better.  They need to update something.  Espos two miles south has little decor but much better food.  I wish Garcias luck.  I want to be a fan again.
4	Good food, friendly service, but the speed of service could use some work.
1	I want to give them zero stars! When we first walk in there is already a family waiting and no host or hostess around to greet us. When the host walks by he tells us all we're gonna have to wait as he delivered food to someone outside. He comes back in and instantly walks to the back without a word. He comes out with a smug attitude, claps his hands and says "alright, no ones getting sat for at least 20 minutes" even though the restaurant is half empty!! When this is brought up he says that they are short on servers, which is understandable, however it was dinner time!! They should've been a little more prepared. Unfortunately this was my second time coming here, and although the food was good last time, I experienced the same terrible customer service the first time. It's too bad I will never ever go to this location again!
3	I don't expect to have great Mexican food here when I visit, but it does in a pinch, and visit often due to the convenience of the location.The service is so slooooow. I don't think we have ever had anyone come and check with us during our meal. Not to mention I have not seen the same wait person more than once. I pay attention to that kind of thing.Make sure you ask for the "hot sauce", it is good.
2	I think Yelp said it best...  meh, I've had much better!  All flavorless other than the ground beef.
3	Early lunch, had the combo chicken-steak burrito which was delicious. Served with your choice of beans and Mexican rice and chips with dips. The bean dip was bland while the salsa dip tasted fresh. Average experience.
3	Early lunch, had the combo chicken-steak burrito which was delicious. Served with your choice of beans and Mexican rice and chips with dips. The bean dip was bland while the salsa dip tasted fresh. Average experience.
1	I've come here dozens of times since it opened and the experience has been all across the board.  When they first opened, the food was fresh, the service was good and the place was clean.  It's gone severely downhill with crummy, extremely slow service and completely tasteless food, and a dirty, shabby interior.  Also the employees do not like each other and are clearly unhappy being there.  My husband and I give places a lot chances, especially when it's in our neighborhood.  But we've had it with this one. With all the consistently bad reviews I see here, why have they done NOTHING to improve?  That speaks volumes.  They just don't care.   It won't stay in business much longer, which is such a shame.  We needed some Mexican restaurants in Tempe, especially in this area.  I have noticed the patrons are really falling off.
3	Eh, it was alright. The lunch specials come with a huge amount of food- more than enough to warrant a siesta afterwards! I had the red chile burrito lunch ($7.99), which came enchilada-style, with rice and your choice of beans (Refried, charro, black).We were promptly served chips and our waitress took our drink order quickly once we were seated. The chips were a huge portion and size, served with salsa and refried beans. The red chile was made with large chunks of beef. Although I appreciated that they used whole chunks, they were bordering on the side of being too large to eat with one bite. The whole meal itself wasn't too remarkable, but it had decent flavor and service was good as we made excellent time within our lunch break.
4	I would like to give a huge thumbs up to this location.  I go in for my lunch break which is one hour and they always get me in and out on time.  There lunch menu is awesome, everything I have tried on it is delicious.  I love the chicken chimichanga.  I just want to say thank you for great food and impeccable service.
