4	This is the most obvious place to go to buy smoking paraphanalia, t-shirts, disk golf accessories, candles and insence, etc.  The selection of pipes here is decent and changes a lot, so sometimes you can find some good stuff.  They have tons of papers and cigarettes.  I would go to this place more if either of the locations (there's also one in the strip mall at the corner of South Blvd. and Seneca) was more convenient.
5	Heavy metal t-shirts, ultimate frisbee's, beaded curtains for your sleazy uncle's bathroom door, candles, weird jewelery, bedazzled ladies undergarments, rock n roll posters, glass smoking pipes, wall hangings, wind chimes...  There's absolutely no reason for most normal people to go in here which is exactly why you should check it out.  If you haven't done anything to piss your parents off in a while you should step over here and pick up something immediately!!
4	This is your basic one stop shop for all your hippie needs.  Seriously, I love just poking around in these stores, especially since I end up smelling like patchouli when I leave.  But really they do have really cool stuff, including a bunch of fairy art things for dorks like me.  Plus this is the only place I've found so far that sells specialty cigarettes.  Like the clove kind and many other flavors, but make sure you're over 18 if you're planning to buy some.  The clerk unknowingly gave me a big time compliment when he carded me.  I had been feeling rather old recently, and was sure it was starting to show.  Then he asked to see my ID and I felt a lot better, since it had been forever since that's happened.  Personal crisis aside this place really is a lot of fun, so go check it out.
3	This is a sweet little head shop that carries tobacco products and rock tees.  The staff is extra friendly and the prices are pretty affordable.  There are plenty of Buddahs to rub for good luck, and jewelry for all of your piercing habits.  Honestly I enjoyed the old location more, because it was a little more spread out, but this one suffices.
5	i love the selection of incense here! And it was close enough to take my out-of-town friend to pick up a pipe. Always helpful & friendly staff.
5	just looking at the catagory that INFINITY'S END is placed on makes me think the owner was on a good supply of "tobacco" when this was put up. (i know the owner didn't create the yelp page. but u get the point)I come her all the time for little things.... Ahhhemm!!!good incense, (10 =1.00)... i always spend at least 4-5 bucks on them alone. Nothing like a good smelling scent to set the mood after a long day.. RIGHT????  righttttt!!!!!!They DO HAVE "sketchy" looking employess but hey.. what do they suppose to look like considering. Always ready to help and answer questions. the T-Shirts are a-lot-a-bit on the HIGH side for my liking. (80's Tees . com is my fav for vintage shirts of alllll kind... THANK ME LATER IF U CHECK THEM OUT... and show me some love..lol)posters, signs, pipes (wind blown) etc are there to gaze at. On 4/20 they have live Wind Blowing shows and the store is 20-50 percent off. Check em out.... I come to this location more often. The sale skateboards and all that good stuff too..Go Hemp!! (funny.. 50 yrs ago.. That would be the norm of a statement)
4	I bought a hookah almost as a joke on vacation one time. Once I fell in love, I wondered where around here I could replenish my supply. The tobacco I bought before was a joke compared to this selection. They have all of the best products, excellent sales, and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly. The location and clientele may seem a bit foreboding, but ask an employee for any kind of help, suggestion, or product and you will not leave unhappy. Also, I usually consider trinkets as useless clutter but they have a wide selection to fit anyone's tastes, and I have surprised myself by leaving several times with a little buddha figurine or a porcelain origami crane that just called out to me as I walked by with my Starbuzz.
5	I love this store!  Clothes are great, Incense is yummy and inexpensive. staff are groovy and helpful.  One of my favorite places to go when I'm down and need a little pick-me-up!
5	Wonderful selection! Best place to buy glass pieces in Charlotte.
5	I make time to stop by this store every time  I'm up here to visit my family. It is by far the best smoke shop I've ever been to. The jewelry and is beautiful and the prices are always on point. Staff is super friendly and the good vibes are always on point. Love this spot!!
