3	I agree with the previous post.  How exactly do they justify the prices that they charge on some items?  Specifically the Idea nightstand they were charging $80 when it doesn't cost that much at the store to begin with.  The clothing selection is definitely scaled back from other store, and not marked at all, so you may think you picked up a men's shirt when you really may have just picked up a women's shirt.  No idea where to look here.  Book selection is a good one.  Knick knacks galore and household items are kind of awesome if you have time to pick over the stuff.
3	This is definitely the smallest Goodwill I've seen. The clothing section is not large, but it's organized by size which is great...some places do it by color/style and it's a nightmare to search through. They also only had one small rack of jackets and one small rack of dresses, so that was quite disappointing. They have an ok selection of housewares and small furniture. It definitely was not the best thrift store I've ever been to, but it's one of the more convenient in the city.
1	Goodwill Sucks! They are not out to help anyone, especially the homeless! They are FOR PROFIT! Do not even try to order from them online! Garbage!
2	This is probably the least well-equipped Goodwill in the area. I had expected more at a location in Shadyside, but the selection here is sub-par (particularly for men)- the only good item that I've bought here was a sweater for an ugly sweater party. This is surprising, because the drop-off center in the back is particularly hopping. Every time I drop off a bag they hardly have any room in the storage facility behind the building. I don't understand the disconnect.... maybe they're shipping items over to another location because the store is too small to host everything in the front? Either way, I would go down to the South Side location for your Goodwill needs, because they've got it going on.
1	Awful service and selection! So lazy when you actually find something to buy you wait at the register for a few minutes and then you walk all the way to the backroom to break up the employees' amazing conversation and the rude worker says "go to the register" and waves his/her hand at me, this occurred more than once bWow no someone lacking any people skills...this is the place for them
