1	This place was horrible and depressing for me. I thought it would be nice like the ones I've been to back in California but was I wrong. You would not want to come here to shop for baby gears. This place is so ghetto, it's kinda freightening. Yes, they may have really cheap prices but the quality of stuff is pretty budget too. For about the same price, I prefer to go to Target instead.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with Burlington Coat Factory.  I love that I can find great clothes and items from time to time.....but I hate that it's so difficult to find those hidden gems.My most recent visit this week was for a specific purpose....to purchase a warm overcoat for a trip to Beijing in November.  It was a Thursday morning and there wasn't very many people in the store....thank God! It can get pretty busy and messy.After searching the store for 15 minutes or so, I finally found the overcoats section I was looking for.  Of course the sizes were not where they should be, so I had to look through every hanger just to make sure.  I found three coats that I liked.  Now, I had to find The Better Half (TBH) so she could help me choose.While I was looking for TBH, I passed by the shoes section and found two pairs of shoes I wanted....dammit! Over budget already!I eventually found TBH and she helped me pick the coat, which I was able to pick up at a reasonable price.  I headed to the registers, which is always a disaster.  It took me 15 minutes to check out....that was with 1 person in front of me!  Oh well.Overall, it was an above average visit to this place.  I've come here many times over the years and it has improved.  They are renovating a part of the store and I hope they make it more intuitive to find stuff.Will I return?  I'm sure I will.
1	Worst customer service ever.  You first have to dig thru the rack after rack of poorly organized clothes to find a hidden gem.  That part can be fun - but then you have to wait in line forever trying to cash out.  The cashiers are slow, unhelpful, and always on break.  Management never responds to line demand.  You could grow a vegetable garden with the time you waste waiting in line.Go early or don't go.
2	Organization Sucks!  but the employees are nice and good deals.
4	Recently remodeled. Much easier to find items.Checking out was quick , too
4	I used to HATE going to burlington because it always looked likeclothes, shoes and housewares threw up in a giant space and to find anything you had to wade in knee deep.Well, not anymore. They have great signage now that makes finding what you want easy peas-y!I was super pleasantly surprised. As long as they keep the store looking as spiffed up as it is now.. I will undoubtedly be a frequent customer..!
4	Wow what a change this place has under gone.  I haven't been in here for a while.  They have cleaned up, remodeled and made some good improvements.  We came looking for some polo shirts, wanted good quality without shrinkage factor and prices being sky high.  The brand Van Hausen is always a good bet and they go for $12, so we picked up a few for my husband and a couple for my father who loves them.  We now know where to look for a bargain.  No luck finding me something new this trip, but will be back for sure.
4	Went recently. Organization is much better. Love Love Love it now.
4	I never used to enjoy this store. The lines and checkout were atrocious and the shelves and racks were unorganized and picked through. Fast forward to my most recent visit the store is ten times better than before. This location went through a miracle makeover recently. The checkout lines were reorganized and are now clean and swift to navigate through. The aisles and shelves were revitalized as well. The shelves were organized and the displays were much more aesthetically pleasing. Although Burlington is still not my favorite chain of retail establishments, I'll definitely start frequenting this location more often.
4	Yelp 365 Challenge #145/365 (Las Vegas Family Reunion Adventures: Shopping)For some odd reason, Hawaii loves to air commercials of restaurants or stores that are NOT available in Hawaii. This whets the foodies and shoppers appetites on making a list of go-to places when flying to the mainland for vacation or business.Burlington Coat Factory is one of those commercials...At first, I thought Burlington Coat Factory was all about coats until my business trip in Arkansas, bypassed that store and my sister later telling me, "Are you nuts? That's like TJ Maxx and Ross'!" My bad... -_-So, guess which store was on my go-to list in Vegas? You guessed itMy niece kept begging for Buffalo Exchange but I told her that MY first stop since I was DRIVING was Burlington Coat Factory. Plus, I had my scheduled route to avoid zigzagging all over Vegas.Anyhow, finding the location was pretty easy. As we drove into the parking lot, there were only a few cars and I thought, "Dang it...is my expectations of this store too high?" When I walked in and browsed through the women's clothing, I noticed that there were some bargains to be found IF you took the time to browse through the variety of brands.Lucky Blouse: Original $60 Burlington Coat Factory $11.99Michael Kors Blouse: $72 Burlington Coat Factory $13.99Coconut Wedged Heels: $60 Burlington Coat Factor $12.99Calvin Klein Jewelry Burlington Coat Factory $7.99My husband found dress shirts for $19.99 and ties under $10, which normally would cost $40.Each rack was stuffed to the brim but not messy. The store was pretty clean and bright. And as I read the reviews, I'm understanding it went through a recent make-over. The check-out lines were quick and they opened up another counter if they noticed that the lines were getting long.Sales staff friendly and helpful offering a shopping cart especially when they noticed that you're walking around with a bunch of clothes thrown over your arm.We walked out of there with three huge bag of clothes and shoes for under $250 and for me...THAT is a deal. If ever I am in Vegas again, this store will remain on my go-to list. Now, I'm just hoping...HOPING that there will be some consideration to bring down Burlington Coat Factory (or Marshalls) to Hawaii in the near future. My justification in my request is by having a variety of clothing stores on island... will lessen the worry of individuals in Hawaii that you'll show up at work or a party with the same dress or blouse as another person!
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 15/100Think Ross; designer labels at a fraction of their original prices. I went here today with 3 potential buys in mind: a wallet, hiking pants and sweaters and left with nothing. At the wallet rack, everything was piled up together in what was possibly meant to be a color-coded arrangement but didn't quite end up looking that way. I rummaged through my options in hopes of getting something simple, neat-looking yet sophisticated. A few Tommy Hilfiger choices popped up, some of which actually looked decent. However, they weren't exactly what you would call clean. I found smudges and stains on their sides, plus a number had ripped buttons and color fades. Guess my mother and I got lucky a few months ago when we spotted a nice pair of hiking pants, sun-proof and had zip-off legs for only $17 (from about $69) but today, jogging pants and leggings dominated the active wear areas. If anything, my only red flag about Burlington is its neatness and misinforming labels - an area said women's sportswear and I saw trendy lace tops and fashion blouses instead. Prices are affordable. Good deals on the coats and I won't make any assumptions just yet but I'm waiting for a good time to go back when winter items are on clearance and prices go down even further. Till then, I guess 3/5 is just right.
4	Went here for some suits for my grandma to wear to a wedding - thinking we wouldn't find anything.  The clothes were arranged very well and were where they were supposed to be.  The fitting rooms were staffed by very nice workers and we wind up finding 4 suits and the workers directed us to where we could find some blouses.  The suits were about $50 each, some were a little more and one was only $25!!!None of the blouses were over $20 each.  We also found some good jewelry to go with and even found some shoes that would go well but they don't carry wide sizes.  After we bought the items, we found out there is a tailor right inside the store!  This is great for my grandma who hasn't bought any dressy clothes in about 40 years so she could get it all done at one place.  The tailor here was very nice and helpful - she really knows her stuff.
3	There used to be a larger selection of furniture/home goods which was neato...they've since remodeled the store which looks cleaner and nicer.
4	I love this Burlington Coat Factory location.  I didn't realize how much I did until I moved away to Phoenix and saw the tiny Burlington's there.  This Burlington location is easily 2x larger than the stores in Phoenix.  There's 3x the selection for suits, ties, and shirts....which is what I was shopping for.  There's also an extensive watch section which has some decent watches for sale.  The shoe selection here is massive as well.  What a great store all the way around!Return Factor - 90%
2	What is it with women and purses--well my wife anyway.  I finally bit the bullet and said I'd take her to Burlington today--no Coach for her.  Burlington usually has something that will fill the bill, but there's a lot of looking and looking and well you get it.  Today atypical.  Within 20 minutes, she found the perfect purse--for this year anyway. As usual, things in Burlington were messy.  Things were all over the place.  I guess there are so many people rummaging through that they just don't have nor take the time to replace stock the way a normal outlet would.Then came checkout.  It's akin to enhanced interrogation.  You wonder if you're in the correct lane.  You bob and weave to move to another lane that then stops moving.  It's a nightmare.I really would like to give the place more than 2 stars but any visit to Burlington is not OK in my book.
3	I have had good days at Burlington and some not-so-good-days. I often find that there are a lot of shoppers who let their kids run wild here and the bathroom is kind of icky. If you can get past possibly getting mistaken as someones' mother or catching an illness in the restroom; there are occasionally decent deals here. There is one other HUGE obstacle here. The checkout lines seem to always be full. Deal Wise: They have some of the nicest quality bed sets in town for cheaper than Anna's Linens. Cheap workout wear and purses. I also bought some shampoo here and a paid of boots that I have been happy with. My experiences with the clothing haven't been great. I recommend checking out Kohls before digging through the clothes racks here.
5	Hi, just wanted to tell you how awesome the people are at Burlington Coat Factory on 5959 West Sahara Ave Las Vegas, NV. I had bought a leather coat there about a year ago and just started having some issues with the color bleeding from the collar onto my dress shirts. Without question they told me they would take it back at the current price. I found a different type of coat for less money and they gave me the balance on a store credit. Never would have thought that I would have received anything. I recommend Burlington Coat Factory to anyone looking for great prices and great people. Thanks again, Ed Maloney
2	I am going to get right to the point...they have some cool stuff for sale at good prices...hence 2 stars. Otherwise, their customer service is ghetto and sucks!!! What a shame!!!!!! End of story!!!!!!!!!
1	this place has no business sense. just made a $1000 of purchases today and they wouldn't let me leave the store with by cart full of items. instead, they made me make 5 trips to my car citing a cart theft problem. GARBAGE. Go to TJ Maxx Marshalls instead. better deals and they let you take you stuff to your car.
3	This is one messy store, but wow: they have some cheap clothes and accessories! On my recent adventure, I found a high-low dress for $10 and a shirt for $5. But I think that my best deal from here had to be my 7 dollar sunglasses! They're hot! :) Besides summer is coming up and ya gotta protect your eyes! Though, when buying clothes, my suggestion is know your size and body really well because those fitting room lines tend to get kinda long! Of course, the quality of clothes is not that great, but hey, its cheap right?! But I have to say that the one good thing about this store is that it has a ton of selections. It almost makes you dizzy how overflowing with stuff this store is! Also, be weary of when they feel your clothes with metal sensors. They tend to forget taking them out! Happy shopping!!
5	This Burlington is way better than the ones in Los Angeles.  Nice, clean and fully stocked. I seen clothes that I haven't seen in my area. And plus sales tax is lower here so, Hey might as Well take advantage.
4	This is one of those places that aren't good for non lookers. I am a looker. I like the dig and find so don't mind this at all. I came with a group of my finest friends in search of items for the Second Chance Prom. This is a good stop for suits at a good price, but there is also a great seamstress working in the dressing room here so go check her out! The strong points for me is they have a great purse and accessory selection and a large area of casual dresses- my bread and butta'. I had to talk myself out of a purse but now am thinking I should get it. Most negative is some racks were a bit too filled that it was hard to move the hangers and browse and some areas can be messy depending on who was shopping that day. Sometimes you leave with nothing, sometimes you leave with a lot. Still, I enjoy browsing here quite a bit.
4	I went in looking for a suit and didn't know how to put one together I spent about 30min doing it and realized there was no one around to even ask for help, I went to the fitting rooms where I found Keenan or Keesan sorry I forgot your name he helped me put a whole suit together I appreciate him going out of his way even though he was busy working on the clothes people just leave in the fitting rooms thanks definitely come back and I know who to look for
1	First and foremost, I like the fact that they fixed up the store, but all it takes is TERRIBLE customer service  to ruin the experience.I don't know if this was company policy or not, but after spending my money there yesterday (over $100), I was told that I couldn't push the cart outside of the store. Yesterday was one of the rare days that I had my 3 year old daughter with me in the cart. So basically, I had to take her out and carry my bags, which is inconvenient.Just imagine if a parent has a cart full of stuff and multiple children. They are expected to leave the cart at the entrance, inside the door, take out all their stuff, and lug it to the car.I've never been to a store that doesn't let the customer roll a cart into the parking lot, for whatever reason. The only thing worth buying there are cheap shoes. I'd rather go to DXL (Flamingo and Paradise) from now on. They have superb customer service. They are a little more expensive, but their customer service is the best I've ever experienced in a clothing store.
4	I am a huge fan of Burlington. As a child, I could not appreciate going shopping with my mom. As a man, I can truly appreciate the expansion of my wardrobe at a discounted price. I came here initially to buy a tux for 2nd Chance Prom. I got a Andrew Fezza tux for less than $100. After getting it tailored drove the price up, but now I have a tux that is fitted. I have come back many times since then for bowties, dress shirts, and shoes. Get out of here. Cole Haan wingtip dress shoes in leather and suede for $50 a pair. It is a steal. Now please don't go shopping here. Just leave those for me. Especially if you are a size 10 1/2. Not only are their clothing items cheap, so are their home goods. I have bought items for the grill, kitchen, and random decorative pieces. This might become my second favorite store.
2	I don't really have a great frame of reference to rate this place. I haven't really been in another Burlington Coat Factory except one in my small home town. This place was pretty mobbed, and kind of trashy. Many of the areas had crap everywhere, and it just looked pretty run down. Now...I think that Burlington Coat Factory's may just look like this, but I think this one was particularly bad. In the changing room, you get a distinct  "who gives a shit" feeling from the staff. Also check out was painfully slow, even though there were a million registers open. I actually don't remember the last time I waited in line as long as I did there. Well, that a least makes me appreciate every other place that has apparently figured out lines.That being said, there are some very good deals here, we're talking some rock bottom prices. I recommend it if you are hunting for a great deal, and willing to put up with a lot of people, digging through stuff, and waiting forever to fork over your money. Worth it? Maybe. Depends on the deal you found.
5	I went there today with my wife to find some gifts for the Christmas, this place is one stop for everything that you think of and with the best deals you can ever find!They really have everything start with clothing, shoes, cosmetic, mans section and more... So there is really nothing bad to say about this place just good!  and for sure I'll get back there soon.
3	Parking lot littered Manager not willing to give an extreme price cut for broken zipper on boots. I'll come back when they are in the clearance binMy kiddo found a great pair of boots at a fair priceEarly January and the store was barren  3 stars is giving it too much  credit
