3	A great local BBQ spot with tons of potential. I gave it three stars so I could update it when things get better. I got the yard bird sampler. Portions are good. Pork has a nice sweet crust and flavor.The smoked chicken is nice and moist.My brisket was a little dry, but this is new on the menu. Baked Beans were not my favorite. Needed to cook a little longer I think. But all in all, a great local spot with lots of potential.  I'll be back.
4	Things are starting to come together here. The baked beans this week were amazing. The decor and feel of the place is coming along. Excited for what's next.
5	Amazing! Absolutely some of the best pulled pork I've ever had. We had The Porker and The Tony with Brunswick stew.  The pork tastes delicious without sauce and the hush puppies are great too.  Can't wait to get back here!
5	This spot gets better every time we come. Great food. Awesome service. Updated decor. We love it!
5	Best BBQ place in NC!All their specials are to die for, very affordable and such a friendly staff. VERY clean too!High recommended1What more does a girl need than a BBQ sandwich with pepperjack cheese, original sauce & vinegar base, fries, and a classic bottle Cheerwine. Only men I ate yesterday because I knew nothing else would taste that good.
1	I had eaten here 2 weeks ago and I ordered a foot long hot dog and fries for 3.99 and I thought "what a great deal". I went back today and the same meal was 6.90! I was taken by the huge jump in price. The clerk had a bit of an attitude when I asked about the increase.  I was also told a drink comes with the meal, (which I did not want) I told the clerk I did not receive a drink on my last visit. She did not apologize for the mistake or offer to give me the drink I did not get last time. She also told me fries are a premium side dish and cost .47 extra. Really? fries? The menu has an excessive amount of "hidden" extra costs. I asked for my money back and will not be returning. I know prices increase, but almost double the price and the attitude was not necessary.
5	My family and I decided to drive to this location after reading the reviews on Yelp.  We arrived and were greeted warmly by the staff and proceeded to place our order.  The food arrived and wow it was amazing. The BBQ was wonderful, the Brunswick Stew was the best ever, the Mac and cheese had a wonderful smoky cheese flavor.   My goodness I live this place!!  Will be back often!!
5	We brought a large group in for a holiday dinner and had a blast! We were served buffet style and had plenty of second trips to get second portions. The space is very eclectic and since I grew up in the area was glad to see the renovation being a success. This is a great place for families and easy access for to go orders. BBQ was awesome and I love classic Brunswick stew! Go visit today!
5	Run don't walk to this incredible 'Que joint.  I would recommend the smoked wings and brisket.  The hand crafted menu is incredibly unique and has something for everyone even "grass grazers".  Lookin' forward to my next vittles there.billybob
3	This is a typical small southern town BBQ place.  It is fine for what it is but not great for what it could be.  Is there better BBQ nereby yes.  Is there worse yes.  A unique location with ok food.
