3	Dyed black fringes, expensive clothes and greying quiffs - I had no idea Edinburgh had such a population of well-off but ageing hipsters.  Woodland Creatures opened this week on Leith Walk, in the former rough-and-ready Balfour Bar. It has a simple, austere style with a few wooden tables and chairs around the edges - and a central bar staffed by rather too-cool staff who take a while to serve you. I shouldn't be too harsh - it does have decent beer on tap and is going to serve food, and it's nice to have somewhere new to go. But it's an odd place, with an interesting clientele - including every 'cool' dog lover in town, so you have to watch where you put your feet for fear of stepping on a tail.I did feel sorry, too, for the poor old geezer, possibly a regular of the old Balfour Bar, who came and stared mournfully in the window. Then he shook his head, and walked off down the road...
3	Did you ever have a friend who wanted to move out of home so his parents built him a sort of bodged granny flat in the basement? Dodgy woodwork by his dad, mismatched bits of furniture, crappy parquet flooring and some cheap garage-sale decorations? He's so proud of having "his own flat" and feeling all grown up but the reality is he's sitting on a wonky school chair in his parents' basement.Well, if he opened a bar, it would be Woodland Creatures.It's not a bad place, and it's already full of customers only a couple of days after opening, but it's a bit like a substandard version of Victoria's or Boda. Then again, that's probably their goal. It has a bit of a hipster can't-be-arsed-trying vibe, which is both annoying and refreshing, depending on your mood. And they have a couple of real ales on tap, which most modernised bars don't, so that's a big plus for me.So, I'm glad that Leith Walk is continuing its rise to glory with another funky drinkery, but I think it will take a little while for this one to bed in. Judging from how busy it was today, though, they'll do just fine.
4	FIRST IMPRESSIONS...This (and the other reviews to date) must be considered only first impressions because this place has just opened its doors and is not even serving food yet, which it will be very soon - they're still putting finishing touches on the kitchen.For a bit of context, I've put my head in here twice to wander around and have a look and have spent one evening drinking. First impressions, I'm definitely a fan. Great drink selection, plenty of standing room and not an unreasonable proportion of floor space dedicated to seating, which is thoughtfully arranged within the space. I don't see a problem with the decor at all, I like it a lot actually. The main room is arguably lacking character a LITTLE when the place is quiet, in that it has just opened, but the same space works really well when busy - room to swing your elbows a bit. The blacks, browns and wood give the place an austere but warm atmosphere. The smaller, brighter space to the right behind the bar area is the more challenging aesthetically, a kind of gallery space with funky seating from old cinemas and theatres. Ask yourself: do you really want this, weird but comfortable seats, art on the walls? YES!! In terms of the Leith Walk competitors: Victoria, as much as I do genuinely like it, now has a welcome antidote across the road. I absolutely don't buy the idea that V's should be a blueprint and standard for new bars in this area. Diversity is key. Woodland Creatures is a GREAT contribution to this diversity. I understand the 'hipstery' comments but honestly I don't care in the slightest; it comes with the territory, always, for a place like this (as it does across the road).
4	I'm updating this review because I've gone and eaten here and felt I should express my feelings about the experience. Table service, pretty good and definitely friendly. The guy was a little stressed due to dealing with a very big table around the corner, but that's more observation and less criticism. We were given our due attention and wanted for nothing. The setting I've already spoken of, and I like it. This was my first time in here during daylight hours though, and I was pleasantly surprised by how much light gets in - I had wondered given the size of the windows. We went in on a Sunday and ordered a fairly straightforward roast and a beautiful hake dish with a light tomato sauce on mash. The latter was definitely the star attraction because I'm not generally a massive fan of roast beef, preferring lamb or chicken roasted, but it still had character and the whole experience deserved 4 stars. I should probably add that we had the distinct impression that this was a menu that dealt with quite a lot of dietary needs, with vegan-suitable commitments for a couple of the dishes as well as some proper meatfests. This impressed me. I would say that there weren't too many diners in total and I wonder how efficient it would all be if there were more, but this logic isn't fair criticism at all because, hey: maybe they'd just have asked someone else to come in and help if that were the case!
3	Leithwalk is quite dead so any new places are welcome. There are two types of pubs on this street. First type which only visited by guys (and i don't mean gay pubs, I'm rather thinking about Pub for pals, buddies) and second type for both sexes. Don't have to highlight that I prefer this second one. Honestly for me it would be perfect to find a pub which is attended only by girls... maybe if I were born as Hugh Hefner... any way,  last Friday I saw couple of chicks in this woodland, that's very positive sign... ;-)
3	To be honest I was several pints down by the time we got here on Saturday and I remember a few things fairly well.We were approached for money for some charity which is pretty annoying. We were in leith which is rarely high on my "things to do sheet" and we were towards the end of a days drinking on a busy saturday. However it's a big bar, it's got decent beers on and I quite enjoyed the ambiance. There was plenty of space, good seating and enough space around the bar that queing was fine.Well done WC you're top in my books. Oh wait this is one we probably shouldn't acronymise.
2	For some obscure reason, I start singing songs from 'Bambi' in my head when I think of 'Woodland Creatures'. I just wish the bar filled me with as much delight as Disney movies usually do!I was quite looking forward to paying this place a visit, as I'd heard lots of good things, and I finally got my chance one Saturday night. On first impressions, the owners have done a great job with the decor, both inside & out, but I think I was expecting it to be a wee bit quirkier (perhaps more woodlandy, a few more animals & maybe some unusual feature...like toilets hidden inside a tree themed bathroom or something!).The bar was well stocked, prices were normal and the staff were friendly...it just seemed to lack atmosphere for me. I'm having real difficulty putting my finger on the exact problem, but it really did make me feel a bit 'meh' (or maybe some other creature related noise).I'd like to give Woodland Creatures another try so I can hopefully update my star rating but, until then, it's only 2 stars for my night in the woods.
4	A welcome addition to Leith Walk. A breath of fresh air with plenty of room, good selection of drinks and capable staff. Nice wee beer garden out back too - entered into via a Narnia style wardrobe.I'm not sure why so many reviewers describe it being full of hipsters - aging or otherwise! It has a fairly +30 stylish clientele which for me is a good thing. It beats the hell out of Victoria (twee, overpriced and loud), Joseph Peirce's (even more twee, obnoxious punters and overstyled/vacant ECA bar staff) and Brass Monkey (full of teenagers and burgers - like an Scottish TGI Fridays.I like Woodland Creatures very much and I hope it's here to stay.
3	This is a nice addition to the Leith Walk. Having visited about 4 times thus far (2 times in summer, 1 autumn and 1 winter) I can say that I find it a comfortable bar to get back to. I have yet to sample the food, but I am not a Pub Meal kind a guy so I stick with beer and nibbles. About the beer, they have 2 of my favourites on draft: Black Isle Blonde and Innis & Gunn. Very reasonably prices for draft and spirits. The seating is open plan , big sofa in the middle and a lot of bar stools to sit on, but to be honest those are a tad uncomfortable to sit on for long.The service is mixed. Can't really put my finger on it, but it is a little distant at times. Could just be me, but it does put me off a bit.I like sitting outside in the summer, but they only have a limited amount of daily sun during the summer's day due to being located on the shadowy side of the streetMmh.. it seems that every sentence I use has a 'but' to describe this place. I guess that is how it is.. there is a 'but' It is nice place to visit, but I hope it will improve somehow. (See what I did there?)
5	lovely bar, lovely food, lovely staff.dog friendly and child friendly ( prefer dogs to kids!) beautifully renovated from the disaster that used to be the balfour bar, the interior is all beautiful natural wood, light and airy  with a space through the back to display art by local artists and a wonderful secret garden! less expensive than some of the more shabby bars on leith walk and definitely a cut above the rest in the area.
3	This place wasn't too crowded. Seemed dog friendly place, cause there was a reaaalllly friendly dog there, who made us laugh. Staff is friendly and helpful.Burgers looked wild and stylish at the same time! But beef burger was really salty for me. Maybe the chef is in love? :) Beer was little bit expensive and that's why we didn't stay there too long. :(
5	Excellent ambiance and great selection of beverages. Lovely staff.
4	I've been here a few times now but only had food for the first time yesterday. To be honest, Id rather not spend a night out here coz it's a bit too 'gentrified'. Its great for a daytime pint though. The staff: They were lovely.The food: I had a burger and chips and it was excellent. I'd say it was even better than the Holyrood 9A burger, better than the City Cafe version or the Southern. Reasons - A good helping of thick wedges, better than string fries from the freezer. The burger, was a great texture and homemade with plenty of Stilton on top. The drink: There are cheaper places and the doorman once told me they put the prices up to keep the riff-raff out..Meh. They serve that Black Isle Ale which is good though. Lastly - I just wish places would serve food on plates - It would actually be crazy/retrotastic! Why do I have to eat a burger on a small chopping board with wedges in a small metal bucket? Its boring now and makes you look out of date rather than original.
