3	I have used this post office a lot on my trips to AZ and it has served me well.  There was one clerk who was a bit gruff but I don't think they hire people for their winning personalities.  The important thing is, was I able to get my business taken care of expeditiously?, and the answer is yes.
4	This has been my "go to" post office since I moved into my current apartment a few years ago.  Plenty of parking, a separate drive with 2 blue mail drop boxes, and a lobby full of post office boxes.  You have access 24 hours a day to the PO boxes, which is convenient There's a second lobby behind glass doors, and that's the actually where the post office workers work, and where you would get your counter service for mailing stuff, stamps, etc.  The staff here isn't so bad, but its the post office, so don't expect to much.  There's a lady that usually waits on me, and she's rather nice.  I think there's also a gentleman who works on the counter, and he's a bit more gruff, but gets you what you need.Back in 2011, my mailbox was broken, and it took my apartment complex 6 months to fix.  Every Saturday morning I came in here to get my mail from the counter staff, and overall, it was okay.  Some days were good, other days were not.  The later you go in on a Saturday, the longer the line.  Your better off getting there first thing to avoid the crowds.  Most likely, your going to have some kind of wait.  Staff was friendly and decent most of the time, and the wait varied depending on a number of factors.  Some Saturdays I was the only one in line, others, the line felt like it was a mile long.  98% of the time, there's only been 2 counter staff working. Its the govt...and the post office did layoffs, so thats most likely why its a line some times.Overall, I'm reasonably satisfied with my experiences here.  I still use the drop boxes outside often and frequently to mail stuff out, and its great to live close to a place like this.  As annoying as the post office is at times, I like being able to save a day on mailing and take my stuff right here.
1	I wouldn't write a negative review on a place unless I have had bad service more than once- which I have. 1st time: I have an eBay account so I print all my postage online through them and I get the flat rate packaging at the post office and mail out. So my first experience there I had my printed out postage and packaged my item up and asked for tape- they said "we do not give out tape" as i am looking at the huge roll of priority tape on his desk i ask " i'm shipping this priority and i need tape to put on my label" he rudely let me know that it doesn't matter i have to buy my own tape ( $4 from them) or bring my own. I have never had this happen to me at any other USPS store, not sure why it happened now.. I had to leave to go get tape from my own house and the man said nothing, didn't want to help me.Second: Another time, I came in with everything all packaged at home since I was not using a flat rate box and ask the man to give me the cheapest shipping, he gave me the fastest, I quickly corrected him since i didn't want to pay $15 to ship a small box and he let me know that USPS was prob. going to go out of business this year and they need all they can get. I would hate to all the people working to lose their job but HELLO, I'm there using their services, paying money. Don't make me feel guilty for not wanting to pay more than I need because of the failing business.Third: Then today,  I go in with MY OWN TAPE to send out a new item and they do not have any of the flat rate envelopes which i would assume are supposed to always be in stock. I asked the woman behind the counter if they had any in the back and she said "nope, haven't gotten them in months" that's it, no alternatives no additional help. I just walked out and I will be switching to UPS from now on. no wonder the post office is going out of business, their face to face customer service SUCKS!** I do want to point out it is the OFFICE I am speaking of not my local Post Man- he's great!!
4	Helped me out getting some documents mailed in a pinch and did it expeditiously as I was stuck in the middle of a training session a few doors down and only had a few moments to step out.  Far more efficient than the POs closer to home.
2	I only frequent this place cuz my pobox is here. It's definitely not because the workers are worth bragging about. Oh ya & I love the bums asking for $$$$.
3	Lets face it. All USPS locations are slow and about the same with service. Better service is always available at ups or FedEx. However everything,e I go here it's not too slow.
1	No good, this post office has a racist employee, with a really bad attitude, the other 2 employees r fine, but for some reason, almost every time i end up going and wait in line, this is the guy I end up facing, I will try to catch this guys name next time and update my post. I plan to notify and file a complaint with usps on there website too.
4	Never really had bad experiences here. Today I went with an envelope that already had a stamp but I wasn't sure if it's enough as I added something inside. There were 3 cashiers but still a lot of customers. And there was this guy that came from the back, maybe a manager or something like that and asked everyone if we needed any stamps or other simple assistance that wouldn't need the help of the cashiers. I totally like that and I was very thankful that I didn't have to wait in line just for a stamp. Thank you!
1	I run a small business where I mailout thousands of postcards for my clients each month from multiple USPS locations across the valley. I have been to at least 10 different USPS stores and got OK to AWESOME service from various locations. This location by far is the worst of the worst. Employees are rude and think they are your boss and try to correct you when you tell them something. No customer service or smile and they leave you with a feeling of punching them in the face. Keep in mind everytime I go in for these mailers, I spend around 700 to 800 dollars per order but still these people show no gratitude, then the PO complains that they are going out of business. What a damn shame. If I had the choice to ship these mailers with UPS or FEDEX I will never ever step into a USPS store. I actually got so frustrated with these guys that I had to call their main office and talk to my sales rep to fix the issue while the USPS employees were clueless. I hope someone up top reads these comments and tries to give these employees a class on CUSTOMER SERVICE. I guess they are running out of business because they give people kaka service.
