5	I have never been satisfied with my haircuts until I went to Lavetta at Kim Vo.  She cuts with precision, everything she does is perfect!  The girl will make you look as fabulous as she does!
5	Phillip is a GOD! He has found the perfect shade coppery red for me, which can't be replicated! Many people have tried and have subsequently failed! He's the best.
2	I have to say I was very disappointed with my experience at the Kim vo Salon.  I went in for a pedicure.  I had called and booked my appt the day before.  The receptionist on the phone told me there were 3 different types - I picked the Lemongrass Bamboo.  I was really excited about my appt.  I had booked my appt to follow right after my massage at the spa.  My nail tech (Annie) came into the spa to get me.  She spoke broken English which was fine because I didnt wanna talk anyway.First off the room where they do the mani pedis is wonderful!  The chairs are fab!  I pick my color, get settled and my nail tech tells me there isnt a lemon pedi - just orange.  Ok strange orange isnt even on the menu.  Mind you this pedi is $95.She informs me my feet are very dry - effen duh - we're in the desert Thats why I'm here!All the other techs are giving their clients reccomendations for dinner and shows.  Mine tells me to go to an Asian Buffett off the strip!  WTF am I on candid camera!  Well anyway my feet were dry when I went in and they were dry when I came out.
1	My mother-in-law treated us to mani/pedi's this past week and I feel bad that she had to pay for it.I think her woman's name was Donna? Mine was Annie.The atmosphere was great, low light, quiet music, great pedi chairs (just be careful pushing the buttons if you have wet nails (for fear of a lecture...) Both women were very nice. We spoke about our families, yada yada yada... however we're not paying to make nice.Maybe my Vegas expectations were too high?We got the "Express Mani/Pedi" which is supposed to be 25 min on each hands/feet. I gotta tell ya, "express" was exactly what it was. We totally felt rushed. In fact, when there was an air bubble in my nail, she practically snapped at me not to mess it up again (um, air bubbles are not MY fault) because they were about to close at 7pm. (Why book our appt at 6 if you can't take care of everything that comes with a mani/pedi by the time you're supposed to close???)So, I carefully spent the rest of my time there not breathing for fear that a fleck of dust was going to settle on a nail and I'd get into trouble.Anyway, while she was working on my toes, I noticed another flaw in another nail... not something I did... the polish was not evenly layered on my thumbnail... but alas, I stayed silent... I didn't want to be "that" customer. That was our experience. Later, after looking closely at ALL my nails, I noticed it was very sloppy. My cuticles are all messed up. The polish is missing from most of the sides of my  nails. And it's 2 days later and it's already chipping (and OPI polish won't chip like that if applied properly). Also, my nails are not even shaped evenly! How nice to have 2 rounded nails and a couple squared and even a couple more somewhere in between.I left wishing I had gotten my nails done for $30 (along with a leg/foot massage) before I went to Vegas and would have rather burned through that $90 at the BlackJack table.
4	I came to Vegas for a wedding and the bride wanted to have a spa day with all her close girl friends.  This place was willing to take 5 girls all at once which was great.  We all got mani/pedi's.  They wanted us to be there 30 minutes before our appointment so we came close to 12:30 when our appointment was at 1:00 and then just told us we were early.  No point of telling us to come early when you don't really need us to.  When they were ready for us they were reading off the names of all the girls but they didn't have the bride's name down.  That is the most important person to forget plus it was her credit card that was used to book the appointment.  They use OPI nail polish and they do have quite a selection.  I thought they were very thorough with the way they did the mani/pedi.  They made sure everything was clean and perfect.  I was very happy with my mani/pedi and all the girls were happy too.  If you are willing to pay the price then go for it and treat yourself to a mani/pedi.
3	I came to the Kim Vo salon with Chrissie O. from the PP and some other friends. I got married in Vegas and was looking for a place for me, my sister and some friends to go to get some mani/pedis before the big day. I knew that salons on the strip charged outrageous amounts for their services, but decided to book an appointment anyway. As stated in the PP we arrived super early because the girl told us to come early, and then when we arrived, they told us we were too early. Umm.. annoying.. So we walked around to kill time and came back. When I told one of the manicurists that I needed a full set of gels. She said, "but you didn't book that." I replied, "Umm, yes, I did!" Minus one star for lack of organization. Moving on to the actual quality of nail services.. My manicurist did a great job on my french manicure and pedicure. My full set of gels looked pretty natural, and my french pedicure was exactly how I liked it. My pet peeve is when they make the white part too thick, and my manicurist did it thin, so I was happy.  The girls seemed to be happy with their nails also. Now fast forward to 3 days later.. at this point I am in Maui, enjoying my honeymoon, when I realize that there is sand stuck in between my natural nail and the gel nail. Yup, only three days later and my gels were starting to lift! When I got home to San Diego and visited a local salon, the lady told me that the gel they had used on my nails was supposed to be used for temporary purposes only, so apparently they are using cheap products. Minus another star. Overall, this place was okay. The facility was modern and clean. The prices were expensive, but right in line with everyone else's pricing. The organization at the front desk could use some improvement, and it's probably a good idea to avoid getting a gel set here.
3	Kim is good, but I'm not super impressed overall with the salon.     First off, it is way in the back of the Mirage, which makes it a long walk from where you have to park.  And the lighting in there is not what you'd expect in a high end salon- there is no natural daylight at all (being in the middle of a casino) so it is really hard to tell what your end result will be when you are inside there.    I used to see one of the colorists, James, when he was at Moxie and loved him.  However, when he moved over to Kim Vo, he seemed to slack off a little.  He ended up turning my hair kind of orange and having to put quite a bit of toner on it, which made the overall effect darker than what I'd wanted.  And after the assistant shampooed my hair, I felt like there was still bleach in it, which there was, and James was really upset and went and shampooed me himself.  I'm glad that I spoke up, otherwise I would have had quite a bit of bleach left in my hair!      The one time I saw Kim for color, I waited an hour (literally) for my appointment with no apology from anyone.  He did a good job on the color, but due to the downsides of the salon, I didn't return.  Prices also seem significantly higher than those at Michael Boychuk's Color Salon, which I much prefer.
3	Before you get excited about the $135 hair style, makeup, polish change deal on the Mirage remember this:Hair - If they wash, do anything super special including putting it up in a pony tail it will be extra. I told the stylist to pretty much come up with something because I had no idea what I wanted. She put it up this really odd looking updo that after examination I could've easily done myself. Upon check-out I was told it would be $25 extra for an updo which the stylist was supposed to tell me but did not. I ended up not having to pay for it in the end after complaining a littleMakeup - They only do a natural look on you and if you want anything dramatic say in the eyes it will be extra. You're looking at $35 extra. Lucky for me I'm a more natural girl so natural was just fine for me. I don't have any complaints about my makeup as the girl did a really good job and I liked the look she gave me. Polish change - Nothing bad to say about this service. No side up-charges. Just a straight up polish change. The tech was really nice and talkative and my nails lasted a little under a week before I got my first chip. Pretty impressive in my book. The front staff I felt were rude upon check-in and check-out and that made it really awkward for me. In conclusion, as long as you don't need any of the extras with your hair or makeup then the deal is a good deal.
4	My best friend had her hair and makeup done here for her wedding. I have never seen her look so amazing. Her hair, and  especially her makeup her fantastic. Some of the other girls had their hair and/or makeup some as well and they all looked spectacular. Only reason for 4 stars is the price. You will pay for the "fabulousness" but for your big day, go for it.(Her lashes started to come off after a few hours. She had some of the thicker ones put on. I would recommend bringing along glue for repairs)
1	Over $320 for a color and blow-dry. I think not.  NOT impressed.
4	I had an appointment here with Tony on my wedding day. It was fun being his client. You could really tell he was all about what I wanted and excited to do my up-do. I didn't get a chance to look at the rest of the salon since I was up front, but they did bring me a beverage while I checked in. I was one happy bride and he definitely made my hair look awesome. I received so many compliments. He even took before and after photos. I would like to go back and get my hair done by him. You get what you pay for!
5	I wasn't using Yelp when Kim Vo opened his Las Vegas salon - but a recent Twitter prompt reminded me that I have yet to review.  I came to the salon a mid length dark blonde with random highlights and low lights.  I brought with me a picture of Jenna Jamesons (I learned later he does her hair as well :)  new severe a-line, chin length, platinum bob and I took my seat in the masters chair.Kim Vo masterfully and swiftly free-hand painted large chunky sections of my mop.  I had never in my life seen anyone work as fast as this and after ten years of coloring and bleaching, this was my first experience with the balayage technique.  Once the color was complete, I went to Lavetta (no longer at Kim Vo) for a cut.  She was in a word,  brilliant.  I would like to say I have never felt more beautiful than I did that day, but the truth is I felt just as beautiful three months later.  My hair grew out naturally, never looked rooty and the blonde stayed a true buttery platinum - never brassy or golden.  Even with a double process the condition of my hair seemed to actually improve.  How good was my hair?  After opening the Vegas salon, Kim Vo began spending more time at his L.A. locations (WeHo and Beverly Hills).  I could never manage to lock him down in Las Vegas so I did the most logical thing a girl can do in that situation - I drove to Beverly Hills for my next hair appointment and six months later (yes - I WAS able to go that long between color) I was sitting in his West Hollywood chair.  Worth every penny, every last minute of the sixteen hour round trip driving, and worth each of the 1000 miles I put on my car for the two appointments.  I moved to NYC two years ago so what is the next step?  Flying to L.A.  to see him again....
5	I had the most amazing salon experience at Kim Vo in October.  It was the perfect ending to a wonderful Vegas vacation.Located inside the Mirage Hotel and casino, this salon is very accomodating to their hotel guests.  I made appointments for my boyfriend and I to get haircuts and some nail and eyebrow treatments for myself.  They outline all of their prices for their services in a very detailed fashion.  Its Vegas, and its on the strip, so it'll cost ya, but it was worth every penny to me.  I carefully added up what the amount would be and entered the salon.It was obvious I had been placed in professional hands as my hairdresser worked so quickly on my hair.  I brought two or three pics on my iPhone about what I was looking for and wanted more shorter pieces of hair near my face to style and lots of layers and a V-cut perimeter... he knew exactly what to do.  I was sent to the shampoo/wash room and after recieving a very nice scalp massage, I came back to the chair.  With his delicate scissors he cut the most beautiful shape into my hair.  It is always intimidating as someone with long hair to trust someone to not chop too much off; needless to say with a bad encounter at a hair salon I do not return for months until I gather courage to trust another hairstylist again.  When he had blow-dried my hair and given me the mirror to see the back, it was absolutely perfect! I have never felt so satisfied at the end of a haircut as I did that day.Towards the end of my hair appointment, they let me see my boyfriend's finished haircut as he had wandered over to find me.  So handsome, and I love that they styled it in a modern way that he had never thought of before.After feeling fabulous about my haircut and ecstatic about my boyfriend's haircut, I went to the waiting area to hang out until my next appointment.It was the pedicure, and it was so refreshing.  My feet were long over due, and so I already knew it was going to be a lot of work for her.  I think I got the deluxe pedicure, so it came with a bath salts massage.  The salts smelled so heavenly.  Although I should have spoke up to tell her she can be more "aggressive" with the massage part, it was very relaxing.  They had great colors to choose from and the color lasted nearly three weeks before any chipping occurred!  She cleaned my feet up really well, they were looking sandal-ready perfect!And next was the manicure.  I opted for the gels, and you should too!  I have very brittle nails and have had horrible experiences with arylics.. I have only had gels done one other time because I can't find places that offer a true gel manicure! Solars are not the same, and neither are the shellacs.  If you get a chance, splurge for the gels.  They last "forever" and can be made MUCH thinner than acrylics.  They are more likely to fall off (which typically doesn't happen for at least three weeks although the salon claims two weeks) than they are to chip.  I highly recommend the gels, and especially from Kim Vo salon.  I did not have the best nail length for her to work with... I had actually broken my thumbnail to the nail on one side and I was thinking well, I hope she can just make it look reasonable.  She admitted too that she wasn't sure if I would like it.  I am picky and a perfectionist about french manicures, and she did a fabulous job.  Next was the eyebrow waxing and tinting.  This was a different gal from before and she had the most beautiful, thick brows I had ever seen.  That is always a good sign for a eyebrow specialist.  I told her I wanted a completely different shape from what I was given previously... I needed my eyebrows to look more full and longer, as long as possible.  She explained to me that it would have less of an arch, and that was ok with me; I really appreciated how she took the time to explain how it would work, asked me if I had tinted my brows before, and made sure she knew exactly what I was looking for before pouring the wax on.  She also spent the most time of any aesthetician I know... which made me very confident that she was proud of her work.  They looked amazing afterwards.I am much like the previous reviewer and would follow these individuals to another country if I had to.  It was just so much greatness in one day I was completely stunned.  But to do it all, you will be forking over some serious cash.  But to me it was totally worth it.  I hope they stay around for a long time in Las Vegas so I can make annual (at least!) excursions to get everything spruced up.
5	I love the ambiance of the salon. It's so beautiful. I go in to get a mani/pedi by Mart Lee(go see her. She is GREAT). And I get a facial/wax from Tina(she works wonders! And definitely the best facial I've ever gotten and will not go anywhere else. And she's the ONLY one I trust with my eyebrows). For the prices, expect to pay a pretty penny, but duh, you are at the mirage. But the salon is beautiful, and the workers are all awesome. For the price you pay, it is DEFINITELY worth it. I won't go anywhere else for a pedicure and it actually lasts. I'm not sure if its the polish they use, but it definitely lasts. The foot scrub is AMAZING. Definitely satisfied. TWO THUMBS UP!
1	I've had my hair done by the infamous Kim Vo & I don't consider myself fortunate. You couldn't pay me to go back to him. I gave him two chances but he lost me as a client! Not that he cares because Kim is some "big shot" hairdresser (allegedly). But please allow me to explain because YOU REALLY SHOULD NOT GO HERE!I thought Kim was a nice guy, so it sucks to have to write this, but this is about hair here & I make my money partially based upon how I look. The results of his work has messed with my livelihood & I'm not happy about it! In short, Kim majorly screwed my hair up & this isn't some isolated incident. I'm completely baffled as to why Kim is a so called "celebrity hairdresser" yet THIS doesn't seem to be common knowledge:"Kim Vo Firestarter" it's appropriately titled... http://gomezhyatt.com/2010-03-22-kim-vo-firestarter/I wish I'd read all this BEFORE I went to him because if I had, I would have never let him come within 50 ft of my hair! The whole reason why I went to him was his BS marketing about how he's the "best blonder in the business" & how his blonde techniques are actually healthy for your hair. And I'm embarrassed to say that he caught me with his marketing hook, line and sinker. His PR company must be GOOD at burying info because it turns out that Kim is actually also famous for allegedly burning people & frying people's hair off. You can google all of this info yourself or you will hear it from time to time on Chelsea Lately, as apparently he fried her hair hair off too. Luckily I wasn't burned but I had to cut ties because Kim Vo left my hair in the worst shape that it has ever been in my life after only two visits with him. Kim does a GREAT job alright... at packing on the clients like an assembly line! The first time I saw him I was amazed at how fast he works. I was happy with my color but I did notice some tiger striping which was also pointed out to me every time I had a blowout. I think "Who did you hair?!" were the exact words my stylist said when she looked at all the bleeding from the foils in the back section that I was unable to see. But stupid me ignored these warning signs & I somehow thought perhaps it was my fault & that maybe I had tapped the foils by accident while under the dryer. And Kim had me roped in with his lil used car salespitch about how I have to give him a good four visits for my hair to be where it should be. So back I went for time #2 at his salon in Vegas at The Palms. I had been noticing that my hair was sticking up straight every morning like I had been sticking my finger in a light socket so I said something to Kim about it thinking that maybe I should cut my hair even shorter because it was obviously still damaged. Kim talked me out of it though. He related a story about how he was having the same issues with his own hair that morning & that it was sticking up because our hair was short & that we didn't have the weight of it being long to weigh it down. His explanation quieted my concerns & I entrusted him with my hair again. After this visit, my hair condition got even worse & then it finally hit me that HE was the one who was messing my hair up! That's when I started reflecting, & think about it, if he can't even get his own hair right, that is NOT a good sign! And the other thing is that I've had short hair before & I never had issues with my hair sticking up straight like it did under his care. So yeah, the length of my hair was not the problem. It was Kim Vo that was the problem. And let me just say, he is FIRED & officially off my Xmas card list! He's actually lucky I'm not waiting for him in a dark alley to show him my wrestling moves & brass knuckle phone case demonstration, LOL!And now that I'm done with him, it's crazy how many horror stories I've heard about Mr. Vo which lead me to the articles/shows talking about how he (allegedly) burns people & fries hair. And I also heard that he uses some really hardcore bleach on everyone's hair because when he does his little assembly line action it allows him to lift the hair quicker which means mo clients + mo money = win for him. So if these things are true, then to Kim, you are really nothing more than a dollar sign & that pisses me off. The guy doesn't give a flying F#$K about your hair's health & I had to get back on the extension train & spend a lot of $$ to fix what he did. I just wish someone had said something on Yelp &/or this info wasn't buried by PR campaigns because I definitely would have thought twice about going to him. I'm pissed I drove all the way to Beverly Hills to see him the first time & paid a fortune x2, only to have my hair ruined! So that's my story. Maybe you won't have to fry your hair off or ruin it like he's done to me & others (allegedly). It's really a shame because I wanted to like Kim! I just got sucked in to all the hype. If I can save one person from my fate, this review will have been worth it.
1	I gamble at Palms and received a gift voucher for $50.  I thought I would try the manicure treatment. I personally made an appointment (Mr Vo was there) for the following day. I promptly went for my appointment and was turned away in a rude manner.  I was even told to go to another place because it's cheaper. I called their Beverly Hills office to share my experience and did not receive a response back by the end of the day!   Arrogance is not pretty! I asked the marketing department at Palms to stop sending vouchers to gamblers. I was very upset and gambled at another casino.
