5	There are two types of people in this world: Qdoba people and Chipolte people.
3	Sometimes at 3 in the morning this place is the absolute greatest idea.  But for a regular time, like lunch, it can cause a serious food headache and potential cloudy vision.
3	Qdoba is ok. Same idea as Chipotle Grill, but, in my opinion, the food just doesn't taste as good. The burritos don't have that magic ingredient that makes me want to return. And I did not dig the decorating scheme - especially the concrete floors and metal tables. It feels cold and dark, even in the summer.
4	One morning I woke up next to a burrito and although I do not know exactly what kind of burrito it was; it most certainly was from Qdoba.  I'm a huge fan of pretty much everything there; nachos, salads, and of course the occasional burrito.  In general Qdoba is tasty, fresh, and predictable and if it wasn't for their late night hours, I don't think I ever would have had to pick rice out of my bed.
3	Fast food mexican.  Burritos and tacos are tasty and a good quick lunch or quality drunk food at the end of the night.
4	This place was awesome when I first came to college and Chipotle wasn't around.  I still prefer it over Chipotle because they have nachos.  There was a short period when the state street location offered breakfast burritos on the weekend but that stopped after a few months which was a shame.  The breakfast burritos were awesome.  It was like sonic x2.  I'd go there every weekend and pick one up and eat half of it in the morning then pass out.  Wake up later in the day and finish it off.  I'd easily give it 5 stars if they brought back the breakfast burritos.
4	I love their veggie tacos!!! And that's about all I normally get there. But I only get one thing when I go to Chipotle, too- a barbacoa burrito. For veggie [non-vegan] dishes, I prefer Qdoba.
3	It was 10pm on a Sunday night. We'd been unpacking and cleaning and moving all weekend. Our goal had been to cook our first meal together in our new place that night, but, um...you know, the best laid plans... We're ravenous and everything's closed! Qdoba to the rescue. Kind of.Our burritos, while delicious, were hastily built. In the car ride home, one of the burritos unrolled, split open, spilled grease and hot sauce on the passenger seat. Oh well. Appetite rules and once it was in our tummies, who was to be the wiser? The fajita veggies in the burrito were fresh, the sauce was perfectly spicy, and we didn't go to bed hungry. Goodnight!
3	Fast. Open until 3am on bar nights. Perfect break from the library. Lots of seating. Way more options than Chipotle. Yum.
3	At 3am, Chipotle is closed. Qdoba is open. The end.Wowzer the line is brutal on barnights, but worth if it you need it.Watching the staff get crazy angry at drunkards is a hoot as well, unless you ARE one of the drunkards.... it happens.
3	I like Qdoba, better than Chipotle and I really don't know why.  I'm sure it's exactly the same, give me a burrito from both places and blindfold me and I'll probably end up saying Chipotle is better!  But, really I know why Qdoba is better than Chipotle, have you ever been into a Chipotle, I feel like I'm in an alluminum foil wrapper, the atmosphere, ambience, whatever you want to call it is so OFF, it's uncomfortable to sit in those sharp, uncomfortable, so-called booths...Yup, that must be it, plus Chipotle always seems dirtier, guess it depends on which Chipotle you end up at.  Yea, Qdoba is good, it has to be a, what I like to call, "qdoba craving", otherwise I'm not just going to go there.
4	Not quite Chipotle.  However delicious
4	I know I know... Qdoba? It's a chain. Yeah, but this place never disappoints me. I like burritos, tacos and my favorite is Mexican gumbo. Yes, its great food. Love the hot sauces. Why not 5 stars? I guess cuz it is a chain fast-food joint and there's cilantro in the rice. Lol
3	At first I was not a believer of the Qdoba experience... but now I am, this is a more particular review of this location as I will go more in depth of the food in another review. This location is ok, it has a very odd line system but it feels really really large. The only real problem that I have with this place is that the Whiskey Jacks Saloon is right next door and their line can go right up to the Qdoba door so you have to walk through a wall of drunken people just to get into the restaraunt. It is relatively clean and is in a great spot for a quick late-night dinner after being out on the town.
5	I come to this place all the time, the food has never been a disappointment nor has the staff.. If your a first timer I would suggest getting there "craft 2" it's a good way to try different things to find what you like.
4	It's fast and open late. After a night out on state street this is a perfect place to satisfy your munchies. Pulled pork nachos!!!
1	Here's my advice: go to qdoba and get a cup of queso. Then go to chipotle and ask them to put it on. You should not go here. The rewards program is also absurd. Just gimme a punchcard; it would be so much easier.
1	I'm never coming back to this location. The line server I was serviced by was so rude and unapologetic. He didn't wait to finish my order before wrapping it up hastily and sending me away. I had to remind him that I wanted corn, tomatoes, onions, sauce, and guacamole (YES, he didn't even ask nor wait!). He just slapped them into containers and smacked the guacamole on top of the containers. Gross! I am tempted even now to demand a refund because that service was embarassing; there wasn't even anyone else there.. Didn't apologize and charged me the full $8.95 for this mockery he called service. I was so upset, and I never knew qdoba could upset me. Now I know.
