1	I didn't have much luck here--could never find a clerk available to help me.   I did see some female employees chit-chatting among themselves behind the customer service counter while I waited for their attention and passed by one old fart talking on his cell phone while I stood there waiting to ask a question.  When I turned around and walked away he called after me "Can I help you with something?" but I figured if he could ignore me then I might as well ignore him.  I left without buying and took my business to the Home Depot down the street.
4	So far, so good! The Lowe's here in the valley I've been hitting in different locations all seem to be doing the right thing. Even though it's New Year's Eve, we purchased a hot water heater since ours decided to relieve itself all over our garage floor - how rude!So easy as 1-2-3, we went to this Lowe's because somehow hubby found it (please don't ask, I was too busy cursing at the water heater in the garage), we drove over and in under 20 minutes, we had been set up with an appointment to have the water heater installed on a Saturday and had paid in under 20 minutes. O RLY? YA RLY!I was happy, he was happy...and our garage will thank us for getting rid of the old bessie water heater that decided to die an ungraceful death in our home.
4	Amazingly impressed with the customer service here.  I had been to 4 other stores to buy a new pricey appliance and left each time because the sales staff were rude or didn't know about their products.   Stopped by this store and I felt like I was dreaming it was so easy especially compared to the competition.  They not only price matched the other stores lower prices but threw in free shipping.  Staff answered all the questions the other guys couldn't and everything went off without a hitch.   Who knows if the rest of this store is this good as I dont often shop here, but way to go to the appliance folks!
4	We were in the market for some appliances and the people were very helpful in answering questions. We ended up buying from Home Depot because they carry Maytag and GE but that was the only reason.
4	My friend's refrigerator died this morning, so we ran around quickly during lunch for some quick appliance shopping.  Here's the findings:1.  Home Depot -- free delivery but not hookup, but you get the impression it's shipping from a centralized location as the soonest quoted delivery was for another 2-3 weeks (w/out even checking the computer), maybe sooner if someone cancels their delivery date (had nothing to do w/ product avail but rather uber busy due to all the recent holiday sales).2.  Sears -- $69 delivery + $10 disposal fee of old unit, former is refundable via rebate which will take 8 wks or so (to make sure you don't return the product I'm sure).3.  Best Buy -- baseline models are higher than HD and Lowes, but they did have floor models w/ scratch and dent avail if you find the one you like.  $30 delivery or free if you buy the $159 geek squad warranty plan.4.  Lowe's -- free delivery AND hookup (ie ice line), next day avail if appliance in stock.  The inventory actually is sold by store and on premises, hence why they can deliver so quick.  Ding ding, winner if your model is here!
1	Well, the extra star is really for the fact that I love our front-loader washer and dryer and that they were on sale. Didn't go to our regular Lowe's (Ray Rd) as they didn't have the models in stock. Absolutely disgusted and appalled at their customer service or lack thereof when it came to the delivery and installation. We were told they would call us Saturday morning to confirm our delivery slot. To err on the side of caution, we even called to confirm Friday night. Three phone calls later on Saturday morning, we come to find out that our order isn't even ON THE TRUCK! Seriously?! To add insult to injury, the "manager"  (I use this term loosely),had the audacity to ask if he could deliver it tomorrow! Absolutely unreal. So it's now noon, we still don't have our new appliances nor any idea of when they will be delivered. What an absolute joke and waste of a perfectly good Saturday. Thanks Lowe's, just how I wanted to spend my weekend, waiting for you jokers to get your crap together. Thumbs down!!!! Do not recommend the Chandler Road to anyone! We have always been very loyal to Lowe's and this seriously makes me think about switching our alliances to home depot!
4	We had a great experience at Lowe's.Our refrigerator took a dump so we'd been involved in somewhat of a fire drill to get a new fridge. We had already been to Home Depot (takes two weeks or longer to get delivery), Sears (not a great selection of units under $1000), Great Indoors (only stupidly expensive fridges), Costco (like one fridge in the whole store) and on and on.We were starting to get pretty discouraged when we walked into this Lowe's. We were immediately noticed and engaged by Carol, who was working in the appliance area. We told her our needs and she showed us several models that fit. The best part is that most of them are in stock, right at that store. They have their own delivery drivers and everything is handled locally.We picked out a unit and Carol confirmed they had it. The computer told her that the first available delivery date would be several days away. However, we had told her it was somewhat urgent, so she went out of her way to make sure the delivery was scheduled for the following morning. She paid lots of attention to detail and really made us happy.And I'm a grumpy bastard, let me tell you.The delivery was also smooth. They showed up on time, hauled out the broken fridge, and installed the new one. They were professional and thorough, taking time to remove all the packing materials, attach the handles, and so on. They took all the junk with them when they left. Score!The best part is that the delivery and haul-away is free. No rebates needed, just free.You'd be nuts to buy an appliance anywhere else!
5	We decided to remodel out master bathroom this year.  All the employees at Lowe's could not have been more helpful!  From what to use for the walls to the radiant flooring we installed.  They were all very knowledgeable.
4	Helpful employees, clean store and decent prices.  I was able to find what I needed very quickly.
5	Our network was down at work so I took a stroll over at Lowes, just checking out some things.  Planning...I think Lowes is nicer-cleaner than Home Depot, and it's always less crowded.  Today everyone was very very friendly.  I was asked at least 5 times if I was doing OK or in need of some assistance.  That's how it's supposed to be at a Home Improvement store!
1	Thanks to their paint department, I got to paint a room TWICE!You better check closely to ensure they give you the right paint- I ran shy with the gallon I bought, so returned for a quart and gave them the same sample both times. Apparently, they were out of the proper base coat color in the quart size to mix things properly, so they tried to be sneaky and mix something else up. Turns out it didn't match.And when I came back to customer service, the woman caught attitude with me when I told her they were going to refund my money AND give me the correct paint for my troubles. (They finally did, but not until I made a fuss.)I will NEVER return to this paint department.
5	Clean, nice staff that you can actually find, and it isn't as intimidating as say a Home Depot. It's a little more weekend warrior friendly. What more do you need in a home improvement store when you aren't a licensed contractor.
4	I was easily impressed with the service here. They don't hound you down like they do at Home Depot and I was able to find what I needed that they did not have at Home Depot. This location is nice and clean and i like that they have more of a selection of housewares, interior and exterior decorative goods vs Home Depot.
4	Store is always clean and stocked. Service is dependable.
5	great people at this store.
2	I want to preface this review by stating that I have over 25 years experience in retail management and customer service so I understand fully the rigors of large big box store and interfacing with customers on a daily basis. I was pretty appalled at my recent shopping experience there and because of what occurred I won't shop there again. Prior to this I liked this store a lot and shopped there often. Its clean and well organized. Generally the staff is helpful and not pushy and they have great discounts on plants in the garden department. I went in to buy 4 eye screws for a shelf I had at home. My sale totaled a little over 5 bucks for the 4 screws. I paid for them inside the store and specifically asked the cashier to put the receipt in the bag where it would be visible as I next was going to the garden department to check out some plants on my way out. it was a small bag and the receipt was hanging out of it not to mention the bags they use at Lowe's are translucent and you can see through them fairly well. I picked out 3 plants in the garden department and went to the counter to pay. I placed the bag of the screws on the counter as I went to get cash out of my purse. The receipt was hanging out on the top of the bag and you could also see it through the side of the bag. I was really taken aback when the cashier asked to see my receipt for the stuff in the bag. I cancelled my purchase and went to the front to ask for a manager. He explained that it was store policy for the cashiers in the garden department to ask for receipts for items not purchased in the garden department. I've made 25 or more purchases the same way... first in the store then out to the garden department to get some plants.. and NOT ONCE has anyone EVER asked to see my receipts. My own experience in managing a big box store that's owned by the same company as Lowe's tells me that this is NOT their policy and the policy is to ask for a receipt for a large un-bagged item that is hand carried by the customer such as a garden hose or a carpet or lumber etc. The fact that the bag was on the counter with the receipt hanging out of it and clearly visible should have been more than enough for this cashier. I can only venture to guess that she had a desire to exert petty authority and this is how she did it. I've seen this before and had the unhappy experience of managing the same type of employees and had to counsel and re train them.  Nobody wants their shopping experience to include a shake down and I certainly felt it was way out of line. I got a call from one of the store managers the following day after complaining to the corporate office and I felt his response was lack luster. While he valued my input as a consumer he sure didn't do anything to win me back as a customer. If this had come across my desk as a manager I would have asked that customer to come into the store and offer them a $10 gift card to show how much I wanted them back. I'm not looking for handouts but I spend money at Lowe's every month. In protecting those 5 dollars worth of eye screws they lost hundreds in future sales. A 10 buck gift card could have won that back. its simple math. I'm back to shopping at Home Depot now and that is where I'll stay. The prices are lower overall and they seem to value the customer a great deal more.
3	I love Lowes, if I had to pick one hardware store it would be it and I've used this location many times.Home Depot tends to be cheaper thought for standard items and they have better paint with Behr. Props to Lowes for taking the decorative edge though. Lately though, there have been several instances in which I've had to wait 20 minutes or so for service. That's crazy. The last time I went to get a couple paint samples (2) I was told I would need to wait 30 minutes for them. That was the only thing I was there for so that's extreme. I was able to drive to Home Depot, have paint made and get back home before I would have even left Lowes! Understandably they are busy but lately the customer service has been lacking. They either need a process to have other associates to come help in that situation or put more people on shift. Hopefully they get this fixed soon. LOVE LOVE LOVE their garden department.
5	We've been shopping here for a few years now and have always been happy with the customer service and products.  We purchased a storm door and had it installed.  Awesome experience, from the intiial inquiry to the contractor who came out to measure everything to the contractor who installed to the business office.  Thanks Lowes...you have two loyal customers in us!
5	Do you know that "lost in a hardware store with no help down any aisle" feeling? You think you spot an employee, but then they've vanished around a corner. Or worse, they miss you by a second and start helping another customer who needs help building an underground nightclub or a ladder to Mars... from scratch. Not fun.This Lowe's has never burdened me with any of those hassles! They've got more than enough people walking around, mostly eager to help. We did run into a socializing group of employees tucked away in the garden center, but they were quick to disband when we came by to ask for guidance.And, they've got more than enough inventory to handle your project. We were able to locate every piece for an outdoor raised gardening planter, including suitable alternatives for nearly every item, and even a kit that would have done the trick if only we had a bigger budget.The Lowe's website is also fantastic with all sorts of DIY plans and ideas. Creating a MyLowes account can help you track your purchases to make returns easier, make lists, set reminders and a lot more. Go Lowes!
5	I went in there today to get a few gardening supplies. I didn't know exactly what would be right for my specific situation, but a very nice employee helped me with everything. Awesome here.
1	I ordered a dishwasher online and it was sent to this store so they could deliver it to my house. Apparently unlike the last dishwasher I got from Home Depot the delivery service from Lowes does not include them uninstalling the old unit and installing the new one and instead they just drop it off and take the old unit after you have disconnected it yourself. I could of dealt with this part but unfortunately my brand new almost $500 dishwasher did not come with a power cable yet they decided to take my old one and not say anything. My wife who was at home when they delivered this called me a few minutes after they left when she realized. I called Lowes to ask for my used cable back since the delivery guys were probably still in the area but after being transferred around a few times was given all sorts of attitude about how  should of known the new unit did not come with a cable and how the delivery guys could not come back due to there tight schedule. Some Lady named Alexis in the delivery dept told me "I know that is what you would like to have happen but it's not possible because they are on a tight schedule" when I asked if they could bring it back that afternoon. She said they would try and bring it back the next day but she couldn't guarantee it. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE .Avoid this Lowes if at all possible!
2	Was just in the rug department for about 20 min. Six employees walked by us at different times and not one asked if we needed any help!
4	This is generally my go-to Lowe's and for the most part I have no issues.  I've always been able to find what I need and the employees have been very friendly.  I only have had two issues.  Once in awhile the stacks of mulch will be full of broken, leaking bags making a huge mess in the area.  Does anyone check this?  Or do they think the customers will just grab partial bags and go?  I dunno, but I usually shove the partials aside and get full bags.  I'm strong and resourceful like that.Then the other issue has nothing really to do with the store, but there are several stop signs out front and almost no one stops at them, so watch yourself as you walk from the parking area to the garden center.  People rarely stop there after they turn off Arizona and it can be like a good game of Frogger, only this time of year with walkers and oxygen tanks.
4	This lowe's is just like any other lowe's. nothing fancy or spectacular. just a place to buy building materials.
3	Pretty typical home improvement store.  Decent selection.  Good prices.  Reasonable quality (Recognize that the name-brand items they sell are special SKU's specific to Lowe's (or most of them are) so you won't be able to cost-compare very well and that does allow them to use a different parts list than what might appear to be a nearly identical version elsewhere.  For retail consumers that is usually OK, but for people that expect a lot or heavy use out of their purchase, just be advised of this and make sure you really understand what you are getting.)The big knock on this place is that there always seems to be about 3 people working in the entire store.  Historically Home Depot had always been the contractor store and Lowe's had always been the retail customer store, and with Home Depot's focus on customer service over the last two years, this has really shifted a lot.Note, IF you can get hold of a rep at this location, they are usually decently knowledgable, sometimes extremely so.TIP:  If you are looking for something that is similar to a part on the floor but not on the floor, try finding one of the elusive reps and ask if they have any in the back.  Last time I was there I was looking for a designer outlet cover that had 4 recepticles and they only had up to three on the floor.  The rep went into the store room and produced a 4-receptical one despite the fact it was supposed to be special order.
5	Went on line doing my homework before purchasing a new countertop microwave. I checked all the BBS and all were comparable in pricing. When I got to Lowes web site I noticed that other than color (one white and one black) they had exactly what I was looking for. Problem was the black one was $7.00 more. I called their 800# and got transferred to the W. Chandler Store and spoke to the Appliance Dept. Manager, and he agreed to lower the price to $92.00 from $99.00 to match the other one. Now That folks is how one develops a satisfied customer base.... Great Job and thank you Steve.
1	Horrible customer service.  We had our patio sliding door replaced with french door, they installed wrong door with wrong size the first time, then the second time it was wrong too for open on right vs left.  It took over 3 months for them to get it right with no apology.  We couldn't do anything because they took our old door and trashed it; thus, we couldn't even have it back and go elsewhere.
