5	My husband and I went this weekend on the recommendation of a friend and found that it is absolutely delicious. We had of course the Pad Thai noodles and spring rolls. The restuarant is very nice inside also. If you like Thai  food this is the place to go!
5	Better than many Thai places I've been to in the Bay Area and very reasonably priced. I can't believe how much food we ordered. I think we got eight dishes for the six of us and almost finished everything. I got a small box for the leftover pineapple fried rice and ate it for breakfast the next morning. mmmm... The Massaman curry was very very good as was everything else. They asked us to give each dish a spicy rating 1-10, but I don't think their chefs have that fine control. Everything had a fair amount of heat, but some were spicier than others. We got 7 on the eggplant dish and it didn't seem any hotter than the others. Of course we had to get dessert, so we shared a sticky rice with mango and ice cream. The ice cream was a bit much, but oh so tasty.The decor is really nice and contemporary and the service was good. The price was very reasonable considering the amount of food and drinks we ordered. A must if you're in Vegas, forget the fancy places on the Strip, this place will be worth the drive. I think they have a second location closer to the Strip, but I haven't been.
3	This was a cozy place with a very plantation feel inside with the wood floors and the white plantation window shutters with dark wood cabinets covered with Buddha's. We started the meal with papaya salad on a 4 out 10 hot scale. The portion matched the price which was reasonable, We than carried on with our dinner with a chicken curry dish on a 3 scale and cashew chicken on a 3 scale. Both of these dishes were good and had the right touch of flavor. The only thing was both of these dishes looked the same. The only thing that separated the two dishes was the sauce.
4	When you're craving Tom Kai soup you have to have the real deal...So far Archi's has THE best Tom Kai soup that I've had.   Everything that I've ordered here has always been fresh and authentic.I love dish with the pan fried flat noodles and Chinese broccoli (Pad See Eww).  The new location on Rainbow is more updated and modern than the old one on Flamingo.If you're craving Thai food, go to Archi's...it's always a sure thing!
4	Archi's is definitely worth going out of your way for, The Pad Thai is outstanding. The Thai tea is sweet and nice. Service is friendly and fast. The Rainbow location is the newer out of the two. It's probably me being mental but I like the Flamingo location a little better. They have a descent lunch special as well.
4	This place (Rainbow) has got to be my favorite when it comes to Thai! I had the Pad-Thai and we also ordered Pork Fried Rice super yum! The location off Flamingo is also a thumbs up!!!You gotta stop by or order to pick up..they are great and super friendly!
4	yay for this place! this is one of the best places to eat thai food. i always order the pad see ew, but the thai fried rice is a must! best thai fried rice ever! and the service is great!
4	On an errand to pick up a Halloween costume, I called in an order to pick up some Thai food from Archi's. The nice lady on the phone told me my order would be ready in 15 minutes, although she did ask me twice to make sure I was aware I was calling the Rainbow Blvd location. I arrive about 12 minutes later and I see the waiter bringing my order to the counter. Perfect timing. Paid the bill and was on my way. Note: I was there on a Sunday around 12:15pm and only about 2-3 tables were being used. Kinda empty for prime time lunch.After going to Archi's, I ran another errand and then finally headed home. When I opened the boxes, the yummy goodies were staring at me wondering what took so long. I ordered:1. Pad See Ew - Stir fried wide rice noodles with Chinese broccoli and Thai soy sauce. Choice of meat included chicken, pork, or beef.WOW. This dish was really tasteful. The noodles were perfect. Soft yet with a crisp of crunchiness. I chose the pork and it was sliced and tender. I got it with a 5 on the spicy scale and it had a nice kick without being overbearing. I would definitely order this again. For sure.2. Fried Rice - Stir fried rice with tomatoes, onion, green onion, and egg. Comes with a choice of meats (chicken, pork, or beef)This dish was also good. I wouldn't say its the best dish ever, but I would probably order this again after trying a few other dishes. The rice had good texture and it wasn't dry or oily. Good portions of meat as well.I definitely preferred the Pad See Ew over the Fried Rice, but I'm not against ordering the Fried Rice again. I recommend trying this place. Maybe next time I will dine in and check out the atmosphere.Pictures are included as well!
5	After several unsuccessful attempts to find good, AUTHENTIC Thai food in Vegas I finally stumbled upon Archi's. Coming from Seattle where you can find good Thai food (good Asian food actually) anywhere Archi's was like a God-send. My friend who is half Thai recommended it to me, and I haven't set foot in any other Thai restaurant in Vegas ever since.I always dine in, and the restaurant is very clean and well kept. I usually order the chicken Pad Thai and beef Pad see ew. The Tom ka soup is also very good, and the red curry and fried rice are also decent. Their Thai iced tea is humongous; I get full just drinking half of it, but I always manage to make room for my delicious food. If you're looking for the best Thai food in Vegas, look no further than Archi's.
4	Came to this place this past Saturday 4/18/09 for some takeout at the suggestion of the boyfriend. We had the spicy eggplant with fried tofu, shrimp pad thai, chicken satay and (2) orders of sticky rice. I left to run an arrand and came back 15 minutes later with the food just coming out of the kitchen steaming hot. First impressions of the restaurant inside is beautiful- very calm, with faint traditional music playing and quality furnishing and decor. I'd definitely come back for a nice relaxing meal out. As for the food- delicious! The pad thai was plentiful with a good amount of shrimp and it wasn't greasy like it can be at other Thai joints. The chicken satay was very tender, flavorful and came with a coconut milk-peanut sauce and the requisite pickled cucumber and onions which were good too. Spicy eggplant was tasty and it wasn't overcooked. Even the servings of sticky rice were good and it wasn't overcooked. All in all, it was good food prepared well and quickly. Only gripe was that the serving of chicken satay was a tad smaller than  other restaurants and they only gave one box of plain rice to accompany the meal- most places issue one box per dish even if you do order sticky rice (we had 2-3 dishes, technically). Still, a delicious meal that was definitely enjoyed.
5	Archi's is my favorite Thai restaurant in town. The pad Thai is excellent, usually one of my benchmarks for judging a great Thai place.The panang curry is to die for. The thom ka is great for a winter day. The Thai coffee is the best I've ever had. If you bring friends, be sure to try their dishes, as well.All of the dishes are big enough to share. The dishes come on a spice scale of 1-10. I'm a wimp and don't go above a 3.The service has always been great.
4	This is another one of my favorite Thai restaurants.  One of my korean friends introduced me to this place.  It as a bit more modern atmosphere than Pin Kaow with some different menu items as well. The food is superb.   If you like Thai food this should be on your list of places to go to.
2	WHat a clown down of a thai restaurant. Most of it is flavorless. the service sucks which is expected for thai restaurant service is arrogant for the food they produce. I was with my friend who is gay and the waiter went out of his way to ignore us and i believe it was for that reason. Seriously people you need to go to some better places if you think the food here is good you;ve been missing out hard. you got Sakun on warm springs, Little Bangkok on D.I. and Valley View and the mecca Lotus of Siam. just sayin was not impressed with archi's and  i was referred there from multiple people.
4	I've loved this Thai place for years. Best Chicken Satay I've had since I left So Cal! Good lunch specials with soup and such. Personal favorites include Spicy Basil Dish, Pad Thai and Red Curry.
3	I've eaten here a few times and have always had a solid meal.  I feel like this is the same quality and level of dining as Pin Kaow.  Neither are nearly as good as Lotus of Siam (  http://tinyurl.com/l8hr9w ).I particularly like the panang curry and the papaya salad here.The restaurant is clean, and conducive for families or groups.  The service is attentive and helpful.
5	Great food, service, setting. Definitely will come back if in Vegas again.
5	I love this place. Hubby's friend from church recommended it a while back and so we decided to check it out. Being Laotian and closely tied enough to Thai, i am very skeptical and picky about any asian food that doesnt come out of my mother's kitchen or my sister's (any 4 of theirs). But this place is the real deal. The food is as good and authentic as you can get. I love it. When i am there i usually get the beef salad, the beef noodle soup, the papaya salad and chicken skewers.  The restaraunt is really nice, the waiters are usually very attentive and the service is quick. The prices are reasonable. So if you are looking for some place that won't jip you on aunthenticy and quality, i'd definitely go to archi's.
3	My younger sister suggested Archi's for lunch and I enjoyed the place, however I prefer Thai BBQ better.  Archi's ambiance is pretty, service is good but food is not the most delicious.  Overall experience is fair.
4	I've been here a couple of times & everything is fresh n savory.  This time we had the beef stick app ($6.95), beef panang curry ($7.95), & pineapple fried rice ($7.95) washed down with Thai iced coffee ($3).  Note tho that they close @ 10pm even on the wkend so as usual we had to close the restaurant down as we left @10pm.  There's a great diverse mix of ages & groups of people here which is great to see.
4	This place is good! I ordered the Pad Ke Mow at a 6 on the spicy-ness scale and it was HOT.  Very good but too hot.  Also had a Thai Iced Tea and it was delicious. Service is good. The place is big and clean and new looking. Definitely a step up from the location on Flamingo. Prices are also a dollar more for everything.Would definitely return.  A favorite for Thai food lovers.
4	Good Food and Good Times!
5	This place is perfect for satisfying your Thai food cravings! Every entree I have tried is great, from the Pad Thai and Pineapple Curry to the Pad Kea Mow. I'm not big on salads, but Archi's made me a fan of the Beef Salad! Their fried rice is some of the best I've tasted, and shrimp tom kha/tom yum soup is perfect for clearing your sinuses! Wonton shrimps have to be my favorite appetizer. Drinks are great too, whether you get the sweet-tasting Thai Iced Tea or a Singha Thai Beer. The service is always friendly and accommodating. They will ask your spicy level preference on a 1-10 scale to avoid any confusion. The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant. You will become a repeat customer like I did!
4	This is my go-to place for take-out.  They're quick and the food is always excellent.  Spicy eggplant, pad prik king(green beans), red curry are among the best.  A 7 on the 10 scale is damn hot...fyi.  Rock on Archi's!!!
4	ive been dying to try some thai foods for a long time. One of my friend had a dinner party at archis. I was really excited to try thai foods. the restaurant was really good. the only problem that i had was that they put to much basil and that they have different numbering for spices. It might be an inside thing for people who go to archis a lot. I would recommended this restaurant for ppl who r looking for good thai food. if ur ok with lots of basil.
5	BEST THAI RESTAURANT IN THE WEST! Yes, that's right..even better than the hundreds of thai restaurants that exists in California too. They should open one in Los Angeles.
4	Great location and prices. My boyfriend and I love the papaya salad, the tom kha, and the pad won sen (sp). I'd prefer Lotus of Siam, but will gladly take Archi's. It's not as tasty, but close and reasonably priced.
4	All the locations are great! Best Thai food in Las Vegas that I have found so far. Try it, you won't be disappointed!
5	I use to be a regular here when I worked in the south.  I'm a huge thai food fan.  (If your ever in LA, go eat at the RED CORNER in east hollywood area).  This place is great.  I have also been the Flamingo location.  I thought it was just as good.  I'm seeing reviews that the Sahara location is not as good, which is a shame because that would be closest to my house, and I have been planning an Archi's run for a few days now, guess I can't stay away!  I usually rock Pad Ew Sew, but I've had the curry, pad thai, most of their soups and more here.  It's all good.
1	Terrible service!!! Waited 30 minutes for our food! Table next to us got their food before us & we arrived at least 20 minutes before them! They didn't refill water, shrimp was undercooked and red curry was bland & gravy should be thicker consistency! Mix Zone on Charleston & Rancho has the best curries!!!
5	One of the best Thai joints in town.
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant.  Love their spicy eggplant, panang chicken, pad thai, tom kha, crab fried rice, garlic pepper beef, papaya salad and more.  I could eat here every day and feel like I'm not eating the same dish.  They have inexpensive lunch specials although, it would be difficult to pick just one dish so we usually do family style.  Wimps that we are started with a 0 spicy (on a scale of 0-10) but, have now migrated to a 2 (adventurous, I know!)  The little spicy kick is a great complement to the flavors and textures in their dishes.  This has become our go to restaurant with family and friends.
5	The chicken pad Thai is great!  A great place for lunch...the food always come out quick and friendly service.  I highly recommend grabbing a bite to eat here.
1	I been all over town to the many different Thai restaurants, including Thailand itself. This is by far the worst Thai food Ive ever eaten. Chicken satay was not ever marinated, it was pan fried and pink inside; not even busy in the restaurant.  The basil chicken had bones in it and was freakin disgusting. The catfish was bland, with more flour than the fish itself. To top it off, the waiter shorted my change. And I walked out sick. Never coming back!!!!!!
2	So I came here today for lunch with a friend at her suggestion and since it's really close to my office and this friend is pregnant, I had no arguments. In fact, I was curious to try Archi's. There are several Archi's around town and I've heard that they have pretty good food. Walk in...and this place is packed! I'm talking about a wait during lunch to get a table. Wow! I've never seen this during a weekday lunch at any establishment around where my office is. Must be good....then I look around and see that no one dining in the restaurant was Asian. Warning signals are ringing....but I keep an open mind. Their lunch specials did not seem appetizing (there were about 8 specials) and so we ordered off the regular menu. Our order (shared):Papaya Salad - They were kind enough to omit the shrimp and fish sauce. We asked for medium but this thing was SPICY...I was sweating and sniffling the whole time. I wouldn't say it tasted bad but I couldn't really taste much of since my taste-buds were paralyzed for the most partPad Kee Mao with Tofu - Ok....this dish had about a gazillion baby corn slices, bamboo shoots and canned mushrooms. Really? Those are the 3 things I hate the most and the dish was about 60% that! Again, we ordered medium but I couldn't eat it as it was way too spicy. I have never seen Pad Kee Mao prepared this way and thankfully I haven't, because I absolutely disliked itPanang with Tofu - The only passable dish of the lunch. The gravy was passable. There was a very distinct taste of the "Thai Kitchen" red curry paste you find at the grocery stores in the Panang. Also, there was very little gravy which made it sort of hard to eat with the rice. Our waitress was very friendly, accommodating and didn't mess up our order at all so I really liked that. The restaurant had cute hardwood/laminate flooring and a very "Asian-style" atmosphere which made lunch a fun experience. The food here was a joke and it's really not catered to anyone who's enjoyed eating good Thai Food. They aren't really cheap either (the bill for all 3 dishes was $29 not including tip). Don't think I'll be clamoring to come here again unless I'm taken hostage by my adorable pregnant friend...then I might just make an exception.
4	I must be hitting the Thai lunch specials as of late and Archi's Thai Kitchen definitely deserves its popular reputation.  First off, the interior decorating of this restaurant definitely is up a notch!  The plantation window blinds give this space an open air feeling and it's definitely not what you'd expect from a Thai restaurant at all.All lunch specials are served with soup of the day, egg roll and fried wonton, which already sets them apart from other Thai joints offering lunch deals.  Our dishes also has a small side salad with our lunch dish too.* Pad Thai with Tofu Lunch Special " Thai national noodle dish: rice noodles stir fried with bean sprouts, green onions, crushed peanuts and egg." ($6.95) - The MIL got this and per the Husband, he said hers was pretty good.* Red Curry Dish with Tofu Lunch Special " Fresh red curry paste in coconut milk with bamboo shoot, zucchini and basil leaves." ($6.95) - Rich in color and taste, I ate it all up and it was good.  Yum.* Spicy Basil Dish with Ground Beef Lunch Special " Sauteed with house special sauce, bell pepper, onion, zucchini and chili sauce." ($6.95) - The Husband said he forgot they were going to use ground meat, so he wished he got it with ground pork instead.  Nonetheless, he ate it all up, so I don't think there were any problems there.In terms of lunch deals, they really make it all inclusive with the little extras they throw in.  However, portion size varies as our size of Pad Thai was only okay compared to another Thai place I went to recently that gave a huge lunch portion.  However, you can't beat the nicer ambiance at this branch.  Service was fine, maybe a bit too quick on clearing our unfinished soup bowls and things like that.
5	I'm Hooked !! I came here with my friends last week.but was too busy to write review, I like this place better than Lotus of Siam, personally I think Lotus of Siam is overrated, we ordered papaya salad, spicy eggplant, catfish dish, pad thai, and another dish which I forgot the name, but everything blended well, and taste delicious, the portion is big enough , unlike Lotus of Siam,Would come back again, however, one down side is it took quite a long for them to cook other than that, I would definitely recommend
4	This is one of our default Thai places.  The prices are reasonable and the food is great.  Atmosphere is clean and wait staff is nice.The pad thai is pretty solid - they make it pretty perfect in my opinion (well, most of the time - it was a little off a couple times during the lunch special).  If you want noodles and not pad thai, try the pad see ewe, they make it good too!  One of our fav dishes is the pad ka pow chicken (basil ground chicken).  We also sometimes get the yellow or red chicken curry.  The sauce is not as thick as I'd like it to be, but  it's still super flavorful.  I wish they would give a tad more rice, but the portions are still a great size.  On their scale of hotness, we always get 5 - its just enough heat for us (although I've heard its too spicy for some people).I definitely recommend Archi's.  I can't speak for other locations, but the one on Rainbow is awesome and we keep coming back.
4	Food is great. Luch hour is hard to get in and out in 1 hour thats why i dont go as much as i would like to.
5	I usually reserve my 5-star ratings for hit-it-out-of-the-park experiences. When it comes to Archi's, I've just been such a huge fan for such a long time, I have to give them a big "Woohoo!" By the way, this is the first time I've ever been there. Let me explain.A few years ago, I went over to my cousin's place and she had some Panang from Archi's. I was blown away by how good it was. Ever since then, I've been ordering Panang whenever I'm at a Thai place, but nowhere has been able to match Archi's flavor. It's silly that I didn't just go to Archi's, but the longer I didn't, the more mythical their Panang became in my mind.Well I finally decided to head to Archi's for lunch today. The fact that their Panang was able to live up to my meteoric expectations is enough reason for me to give them a five. Not that I'm a Panang expert. It's probably not even my favorite curry (I pretty much love all curry). It really all stems from that one experience at my cousin's place.Also, they were packed during lunch today. They must be pretty good.
5	This is Thai Perfection! Archi's gets my 5-star rating because it leaves nothing at all to be desired and always keeps me coming back for more. The Panang Curry Sauce is what sweet (and spicy) dreams are made of. The depth of the flavor is INSANE. I can taste the perfect balance of sweet coconut and kick of curry and cilantro. This sauce is consistantly a crowd pleaser at my table. I also always order the Garlic and Pepper Beef which is served with broccoli and cabbage. The meat is always tender and served hot. You can order your dishes at any spice level. I must not forget to mention the coconut ice cream for dessert. DELICIOUS. Secretly I am tempted to order seconds or take some home for later. We all know it would be devoured in the car by the first stop light! Archi's is clean, the service is quick and the quality of the food is on point every time and cheap, too! If you have not been there I highly recommend it to get your grub on:)
5	Okay people... First things first.  I'm not Thai, so i have no idea if it's authentic.  But the service is always great.  Lunch specials are quite economical.  And the Pad Thai is crack!  Lunch specials are under $8.  Some entries can go up to $15ish.
5	I love this place. Yummy food + Reasonable prices = Happy me.This is my go-to restaurant in town. Take out, eat there, last minute dining plans, what have you.  Love love love almost everything on the menu, minus some of the salads, Thai Macaroni and the Stuffed Chicken Wings. My favorites include the Spicy Tofu with Eggplant, Pad Thai with Pork, Moo Dad Deaw (Thai Jerky), Tom Kha with Vegetables, Yellow Curry with Pork, Kang Kua Curry with Pork, Pad Kea Mow and the Papaya Salad.  I tend to shy away from any dishes with chicken here, it's a little on the dry side so stick with vegetable, shrimp or pork for most dishes.Love it.
5	So far this is one of my favorite Thai food place in Las Vegas. Coming from the Bay Area where I had amazing choices I was originally reluctant to try and would just wait for trips home. We ventured out, discovered some NO WAY places, some EH and a few greats. This is a great. We've never had a bad meal at Archi's. The dishes are consistent, full of flavor, fresh ingredients cooked to perfection. At times the service can be a little slow, but the place is always packed and it appears they keep the number of servers pretty low. Worth the wait I say!Pad ThaiFried TofuNum Tok Beef SaladPad Prik Pow or KingPanangPineapple Fried RiceBasil Fried RicePak Kea Mowomg, I'm totally salivating as I write this list. redic.
4	I'm new to the Thai food scene, but I am hooked!  Archi's is a great neighborhood restaurant.  The service was outstanding; they answered all of our questions. We started with the fresh spring rolls and the beef thai jerky.  The spicy plum sauce with the jerky was "put-it-on-everything" good!  For our main dishes, we shared the Pad Kea Mow with tofu and the Pad Prik King with chicken.  You could tell everything was freshly prepared.  I'm certain we will head back soon.
5	Archi's is the best Thai food I've ever had.  This location in particular is the first time I tried Archi's. And for some reason, the food tastes better here than the S. Fort Apache one.The owner Pete is a cool guy.  He actually talks to his customers, makes sure everything is good and actually gets cool with them.  Anytime I want some Thai food, Archi's is my number one choice.  And if you're scared of curry, don't be at Archi's.  I used to hate curry but now I like it, only if it's from Archi's.Thai Eggplant Beef & Yellow Curry Chicken are my top two's.
4	Archi's is the Buca di Beppo of Thai food.  It's good Thai food prepared by real Thai chefs, in restaurants operated by Thai people, for now...Because the commercial success of Archi's business model, it will soon propel them out of Vegas, and onto the rest of the world, or so I hope.I adore Archi's because it is a very reliable establishment to be the first ethnic restaurant to take my non-Asian friends.  My fiance loves the place, and for good reason.  They do not have a wide selection of Thai dishes, they have the standard fare of what non-Thais usually eat: curry, basil stir-fries, pad-thai, etc...  But of those standard fare, Archi's serves up good quality ingredients in a pretty presentation in a pleasant atmosphere.  Nothing is too risky, nothing can possibly offend, and thus nothing too hot, too spicy, or too incomprehensibly authentic (just don't order level 10).Even though the lunch hour is usually crowded, it's my favorite time to come to Archi's.  They have an inexpensive and delicious lunch specials menu.  For $6.95, I can always count on a yummy basil chicken, with a warm bowl of soup and brown rice (a modern American healthy addition to offer to the business lunch crowd).Archi's has three locations across the Vegas valley now, undoubtedly they're still expanding.  Delicious, clean, and safe are characteristics that make them the perfect franchise.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in town. I'm new to trying a lot of new types of cuisine. I love a good spicy dish, so when I was presented with Thai for the first time, I was reluctant until I realized there was a spice factor. Archi's is my first foray into Thai food and it'd definitely a great introduction. So delicious and I love the spiciness. So far my favorite dishes are the Pork Pad Thai and Pad Prik King with either chicken or pork. I always ask for a 7, but might up the spiciness factor a bit on my next visit. Definitely a place I frequent since it's 1. located close to where I live 2. great ambience for dining in and also great take out service and most importantly 3. is cheap!
5	I have been to every Archi's location around town and I have to say that the Rainbow location is by far my favorite. It might have a little to do with the fact that it's the closest in vicinity to where I live, but mostly it's because the I enjoy the ambience and service the best. I've never had a bad experience (knock on wood) here.Also, most importantly, they have refillable sodas... the other locations just have a cans of soda and you have to pay for refills, while Archi's on Rainbow has their own soda machine.  Just an FYI. Also keep in mind that the Flamingo (I'm not sure about the one on Sahara) location has a $15 minimum credit card charge policy. Good to know if you're not planning on ordering a lot and have no cash on you.
3	As we entered the restaurant, the first thing I noticed was the bevy of awards displayed when you walk in. I figured that must be a good sign. The decor was very nice and reminded me of what I'd expect a Thai plantation to look like. There were plantation blinds, wood ceiling fans, and earth tones throughout.To start my wife ordered Thai iced tea (good if you like tea). I ordered Thai iced coffee which was kinda strong and bitter.For our entrees we had panang shrimp and pad kapow with chicken. The panang was okay but paled in comparison to LOS's panang sauce (though imho, LOS's panang is probably the best thing I've ever eaten in my life, so that might not be a fair comparison).The pan kapow was quite good and had fresh basil leaves and an anise undertone.For desert we split coconut ice cream, which was a nice finish to our meal.
4	Yum Yum Yum! I love this place! The food is always tasty and fresh and offers fantastic lunch deals. I usually always have to Panang and my boyfriend has the basil lime chicken. Both are so good. The place is a nice place to have dinner / business meetings since the interior is very clean and upscale looking. The service is decent and we always leave feeling full and happy....and in the end, isn't that what we all want!
4	This was to be my first review on Yelp.To get an idea of my ratings, I will rarely, if ever, give out a 5 star rating, so you can consider a 4 pretty damn good.I have dined at Archi's a few different times (all for dinner) and finally had a chance to try them out during lunch. This place, despite the Americanized namesake, is one of the best Thai places in Vegas. I would avoid their beef dishes as they tend to overcook the beef. Their papaya salad is light, fresh and tasty. Also, this location is a good 1 or 1.5 star better than their location on Tropicana.
5	This place is still my favorite. I stray to Komol from time to time, but I always return to my first love. Catfish Choo Chee, Pork Pad Thai, Chicken Pad Prik King and some Thai Tea. Ahhhh.
5	Archi's now lets you order online for take out!  BAD A$$!!!!!!!!
3	i FINALLY tried out this place. went with the bf, a friend from high school and a mutual friend. i am, and this visit confirmed it, a true fan of pin kaow. the experience we had at archi's was just - meh.we went in on a thursday night around 8pm, the restaurant was full but they werent slammed at all. we got a table for 4 right away. a few minutes later, the rest of the group comes in. we order drinks, and by the time the server got back with our drinks we werent ready to order and asked for a few more minutes. usually once you put menus down its a sign that you're ready to order (at least thats the way i've always seen it from a servers perspective for the last 7 years). maybe 10 minutes go by, and our server comes back to take our order. we order the tom yum shrimp, chicken pad thai, and yellow curry chicken. 15 minutes later our soup comes out, but we dont have any bowls or spoons. we flag down a server after 5 minutes of our soup sitting there and they finally get us bowls and spoons. maybe 15 minutes later our food comes out. we realize we only got 1 small bowl of rice for the 4 of us, and we order another bowl of rice and the broccoli beef (it clearly wasnt enough for the 4 of us). a few minutes later our bowl of rice and the broccoli beef come out. weird? yes.one of my friends had to order food for her bf to-go, which we did. after closing out the check, we were all just happy to leave. maybe it was an off night? i gotta say pin kaow wins my vote for "best thai food in vegas". maybe we'll try it again sometime, archi's.
4	My friend and I were catching up in Vegas and she took me to her family's restaurant (her uncle owns a couple of branches in the Vegas area). She wanted me to try it and see what I thought of it.The service was pretty good.  The ambience was relaxing and good for groups.  In fact, there was a large group there while we were dining.  They have a pretty large dining area.  The Thai tea was good, just the way I like it.  You get a whole lot of it. It's got that authentic crushed ice and sweetened condensed milk.I got the yellow curry with shrimp and it was really good. The consistency was just right. And I like how the vegetables, potatoes and onions were nice and big whole pieces not finely diced. It had more of a bite and soaks up the yellow curry sauce better.  This might actually be the best yellow curry I've had, dare I say. The white rice also had a hint of coconut flavoring and that was a nice and pleasant surprise.I also had some pad thai and that was also good. I would have liked to try the desserts but I was way too full. Next time.
5	Wow.I am in LOVE!!!! I apologize to all my other beloved thai restaurants, but Archi's has become my ALL-TIME FAVORITE!!!!!!! ---Just look how many exclamation marks I included!Every single dish that came out had the wow-factor. We ordered the fried eggplant; tom yum soup; beef pad kee mao; chicken pad thai; basil fried rice; beef salad; chicken satay; and mango, strawberry, and green tea mochi ice cream. Explosions of flavors and beautiful textures marry to bring me possibly one of the best meals of my life. I came here with a group of friends and all of us left with the biggest smiles on our faces.   Everything was so belly-rubbing good, including the dessert!! I am salivating right now just thinking about Archi's. I cannot wait for my next trip back to Vegas just to eat here again. Well-deserved 5 stars.
4	I was first introduced to the original Archi's location off of Jones by those who have lived in Thailand and know authentic Thai food. To find something like this in Las Vegas was a treat. So how excited was I to hear that they opened up another location closer to home?? The answer: VERY excited. The other location was nice, but this one is all new and seats many more people.This is probably my favorite restaurant to hit up when I have a craving for Thai. My go-to dish: Pad See Ew with beef. Do yourself a favor and add to it some vinegar spiked with green chili peppers.Other Archi's menu favs: thai iced coffee, thai iced tea, Tom Yum Shrimp soup, Panang curry, and Pineapple fried rice.Their lunch specials have great variety (served with soup and egg roll). And you can now order online!
4	Pad Woon Sen - that's all I have to day.... just kidding, I have loads to say. First, the Archi's is clean and the staff are friendly. Second, the food is yum. After eating there a number of times, my favorite is the Pad Woon Sen. When I'm feeling wild and crazy I get the Pad See Eww. The only thing is the spice can vary from time to time. I'm normally a 5, but sometimes it's burns like a 7.
2	Came here and got a beef pad thai. Took a few bites then noticed there was a piece of hair in it. I called the waiter over and told her but she just looked at me with a blank expression and took it back into the kitchen, no apology or anything. I think I waited about 3 minutes then she came back with another plate but I seriously think all they did was let it sit, maybe moved it around a little and gave it back to me. 2 stars because the green curry a friend got was decent, but other than that I'm never coming back here.
5	The Panang Chicken is to die for... spicy as you like it!
4	On those days when I'm too tired to cook and too lazy to open the fridge door- which btw is quite often in our house, we head to our normal stand by for "home cooked" food at Archi's Thai Bistro.  I'm not Thai but I might as well be for all the Thai food that I consume on a weekly basis.  Another restaurant that knows my face.  I walk in the door and they look at me like we're old friends.  The food is so good. The execution of most of their dishes is so well.  The normal favorites that you just can't go wrong are the pineapple fried rice, tom yum soup, fried chicken wings, Thai beef salad, pad kee mow, Pad Thai, chicken panang and chicken satay.     The price is cheap too.   People, just come here!  You can't make it better.  (And no, I do not know the owners, nor are we friends.  I just love their food and they love my money.  It's a simple relationship.) -M2
5	First off, I've tried quiet a few different thai restaurants and others haven't come into comparison. though like many other asian restaurants, the service isn't top notch, I must say the food makes up for it. Its great everytime, wether dining in or take out. Mind you I live in sunrise manor and drive all the way over there for their delectable food. I usually get the pad kee mao, just without beef, sometimes it tastes funny. I also get the combo fried rice. Spicy 8. Spicy, but not to where you can't taste the food. Their thai tea is one of the best served in town highly reccomend it. =)The atmoshpere is different. Its not the typical asian restaurant they throw together. It's decor fits the restaurant and it's customers. Definetely plan on going there again.
4	Fantastic lunch special. Just dont try to go at noon, it is packed. Sometimes the service is a little lax but it doesn't stop me from eating there about once a week.
3	More authentic than your typical strip-mall Thai joint but will not blow your mind if you enjoy dining at Lotus. Reasonable prices and friendly service make this your best bet for Thai cuisine in the southwest part of the valley.
5	My second favorite Thai spot in las Vegas. #1 is lotus of Siam. But much closer to my house and they stay open pass 9pm!  I've eaten here probably 50 times and it's always good. Food and service are great.  Must try the beef salad, pad ki mow, spicy basil with chicken, and the stuffed chicken wings!!
4	On a weekend night at prime dinner time, it was NOT crowded which was a major plus in my books!Chicken Pad Thai +Spicy beef salad +my fav 2 items that i consistantly order. If you love archis in summerlin, then this ones the same. small cozy little spot tucked away with nice decor.
1	I don't even know where to begin. Archi's has never failed me before, but this was my first time at this location. My family took Dan T. and I here for a Sunday afternoon lunch. My parents were ignored when they first walked in so two of the hostess could chatter among themselves. (we weren't the only ones waiting either!) after a few minutes of going back and forth and laughing they finally got around to seating people. (btw there were also empty tables so we knew it wasn't a full house to be waiting either.) After seated we ordered our drinks from a not so friendly waitress who looked like she was still in high school. (hopefully she is there learning some manners.) i didn't catch her name but she did have a birthmark on the side of her face/chin. After about 15 minutes of waiting to put in our order she finally came by our table again. We ordered and she watched my mom finish off her water. Now instead of bringing out a new one my mother had to wait to spot her down again about 5 minutes later to ask for a refill. We waited and waited what felt like forever for our food. Did they forget about us? Nobody came to check on us for refills again and just seemed to snub their noses up at us. weird. Good thing we all can make good conversation with each other. After waiting about a good 35-40 minutes for our food it was finally in front of us. I ordered the pad see ew with beef. Now, I have liked archi's better than pin kaow since they always serve more broccoli in theirs. It was okay. Not as I remember. Maybe I was just upset over our attitude waitress and that ruined it for me. Whatever it was I was just turned off. After we were finished with our food our waitress had disappeared and we had to ask a guy for a few boxes. Mind you we had 4 large plates and a bowl of rice. Some plates still half full of food. After he looked at the table he brought back 2 of the smallest to-go boxes I have seen. How were we suppose to fit our food in there? We tried ordering some mochi ice cream, but he seemed like he wanted nothing to do with us. annoyed that he had to help us. uh, sorry but have you seen our waitress because we haven't for quite some time? finally after we split some mochi the waitress came over with our check and took our food to the back to put it to boxes for us after we asked.I am so annoyed with this experience even a few days later. I don't think I will be back here. Not even to order to-go. (which i couldn't even find a to-go menu and even trying to ask for one was a hassle.) Archi's you really let me down this past Sunday. I hope your manager reads this and puts you into place. I don't expect top-notch service and someone always at my table, but I do expect a smile and atleast a little service when dining out.
4	Archis is my favorite thai place of all time! I can go on and on about their food. Their tom yum, tom kha, pad thai, papaya salad, and thai tea are my favs!!! oh and their pad prik king (sp?) yum!  Ive tried other thai places, and i always come running back to archis!!the only one complaint i have was a couple of times there was this one guy server that seemed like he was saying "FML FML FML" in his head everytime he served us.  Seemed like he didnt want to be there or serve us.  so everytime I ate there i prayed i didnt have him as my server.  Other than him, everyone else is very friendly and the food is awesome!!!
5	I love this place! The food is definitely authentic. It has a lot more authentic "Thai" food selection then other places. Even though I am Thai, I just don't understand why they have to include Chinese food in the menu. HAHA Maybe it's their marketing strategy, who knows. I always stick to the Thai food. I am at a Thai restaurant, right?!?! Anyway, the food never lets me down. I'd never be embarrassed to bring my friends who are not Thai to this place because the place is very nice and clean inside. I'm not saying "hole in the wall" food isn't great some times. The location isn't in a bad area either. Service is OK here. I never expect great service from an Asian restaurant anyway. HAHA My mother always says the original location is better but I have yet to try it since it's a little ways out for me. This Rainbow location is it for me for now. I've always been there for dinner. I haven't tried the lunch menu. Dinner there has never failed me. This would be my number choice for Thai food in Las Vegas. Don't forget your Thai Iced tea!!!
4	The food here is amazing. Very authentic and fresh. I love that their dishes are super spicy - everything had so much flavor. The Prig King was delicious and the beef with green beans was fabulous and very hot. Just what I wanted. I introduced my family to thai steak salad and never having associated salad with thai food, they loved it. The pad thai was perfect as was the crab fried rice. All the flavors came together beautifully. So the food was great, however the service was horrible. We walked into the restaurant to place our order because their voice mailbox was full when we called. After placing the order, we were told it would be 20 minutes, so we had a drink at a place a few doors down. When we came back, it was another 20 minutes before we got our food. They totally didn't even start making it until we came back!  There were no apologies, just the excuse that they were super busy. It took forever to get our food and they were less than accomodating, so I'm super pleased that the dishes were perfect. It eased the pain of an annoying inconvenience.
5	Came here and the other location on Flamingo 2 days in a row.. Biggest difference I noticed was the decor at the Flamingo location, really felt like we were in an actual Thai family home dining room?! In regards to food, both places were Outstanding!!The orders:Pad SeeEw (pork): Best Pad SeeEw i've had (better than Lotus). Simply Perfect..Pad Thai (beef): Dinner portion came with a serving that could be split with another person. A little sweet but the medley of flavors all together were just right. Another hit! (3 of 10 on the heat scale, not much punch)Stuffed Chicken: An appetizer sized dish. Came with 2 pieces of chicken drum sticks stuffed with goodness!.. Goes great with the sweet dipping sauce! The slight crunchiness of the skin just incorporates a very nice texture.Spicy Basil (chicken): The herbs, the spices, the tender bits of chicken.. Wow, this place just doesn't have any flaws!! (3 of 10 on the heat scale, But this time it felt like 3 times Hotter!)* I asked the waiter "Why was the Spicy Basil MUCH Hotter than the Pad Thai when I ordered both with 3 out of 10 heat?" She replied "because some dishes are spiced/heated with powder chili like the Pad Thai and the Spicy Basil we use the actual Thai chili's so it will be hotter.." Another Exceptional  Thai Restaurant here in the Desert!! Well above average Service, Food All Very Impressive, Atmosphere Clean and Casual and Prices well worth it!! For sure coming back here!!!
4	I like this place. The food is top notch but i am not too fond of the service. But that is just my personal opinion. I personally like interactive waiters and waitresses.
4	Service is great, I mean unusually good! You wont ever come close to needing more tea or soda, you blink and its been refilled. Food is great because its simple. Simple ingredients blended and cooked beautifully. The price could go up a bit and still be worth it.
3	a good update! came back here saturday evening with my parents, Dan T, and my uncle again. the service was better. A LOT better. whew! at first they did give us a run around from booth to booth but third time was a charm and we were seated. our waiter was a young man who was nice. we also had my nephew in hand and he was helpful with water questions for Lennon's bottle. Our orders were taken and when the food came out everything was well with the archi food world again. i also must add that it was brought out in a promptly manner so we weren't waiting for almost an hour again. YAY! most of us ordered our food at spice set at 6, but we all agreed it was a lot stronger than last time. i'm not complaining though. i opted for something different from my normal pad see ew though and got the red curry with veggies. i don't know why i haven't gone back to that dish in a year, but it needs to happen more often. everything was so flavorful and they gave me so many veggies! i was pleased. they did forget to bring out Dan's thai tea though. maybe next time he can get his fix. I up'd the stars, but i want to go back one more time soon to make sure the service is still improving from last time. I will keep you guys posted!
5	I absolutely love Archi's! The Panang is amazing and consistently delicious. Both catfish dishes are spectacular. I've introduced dozens of people to Archi's and all have been as satisfied as me with their food and service. All locations are equally superb!
4	We come to Archi's every once and awhile.  My wife discovered this place a while back.  I like thai food, but I don't really care for it that much.  My wife would go with friends to Archi's and I would hang back.  Then one day I decided to just give in and check it out.  So, I finally I tried Archi's and was, "it's ok."  Then we met some friends here at this location and my friend's wife ordered the beef salad.  Thats when my world was turned upside down!  What was I missing?  My life was so incomplete before tasting this delicious simple menu item.  I actually had a dream about this salad, and it was glorious!  Ok, so a little over the top I know. I really like Archi's.  I must eat here at least once a month.  It's not like other thai places in town.  Other thai restaurants always seem dingy and have weird drapes and dusty statues.  Archi's is always very clean.  When we order we get the beef salad, green pork curry, and sometimes vegtable pad thai.  I have also recently discovered thai stuffed chicken wings.  These are great too!  I give Archi's 4 stars, and I was on the fence with four stars.  Why? the service, A restaurant can have the best food in the entire world and if I get crappy service they will never get that fifth star.  The service isn't terrible, it's just very slow.  There was a help wanted sign on the window when we went so that 's probably why it was slow that night.  But, it always slow every night.  Try the beef salad and maybe some day you will dream of it too! Cheers!
4	When seated at the table, there was a used tissue in which someone had blown their nose in, left on my seat. Our waiter forgot about us and food arrived about 50 mins after it was ordered. The food and presentation however was delicious.
5	Been here on several occasions and this is a business that deserves five stars every single time.For dishes in which they can control the heat factor, they've always been prepared to our liking.  Very consistent in everything we've ever ordered.  Our favorites: red curry with shrimp, pad thai and tom yum soup.  Clean, great friendly service and well worth our money.  This is the restaurant by which we measure others.  And did I mention YUMMYLICIOUS???
5	Archi's is my favorite place for Thai food!! I wish we had one in Hawaii. ): Every time I go back to Vegas, I have to eat here at least once! Everything that i've tried so far is so good!+Tom Yum soup+Fried Noodles+Yellow curry+Green curry+Pad Thai
4	Awesome thai food. Have been to many thai places but this one is one of my favorites!! Pad see eww and the tom yum soup are yummy.
4	Archi's has the best Thai food in Las Vegas! And now that there are three locations, Thai goodness is just around the corner.  There are about 8 choices for lunch specials.  They are served with soup of the day, mini slad, egg roll, wonton crisp and rice.  My faves include the spicy basil beef and the pad thai.  Today the soup was a vinegary chicken broth with a few fleckles of chicken, tomato, and mushroom.  Other winning dishes include the spicy eggplant, papaya salad, and of course mango with sticky rice when they have it.  Their pad thai is buttery and flavorful with just the right amount of sweetness.Regardless, Archi's will surely satifsfy your Thai food needs!
3	I love their Fish Cake!! along with the sauce that come with it.As for other food, it was just okay for me. The fried rice with the crab meat is sweet and juicy. As for the papaya salad, I thought it's too sour for me. Setting is very nice and the customer service is good.
5	The best place for thai food! Prices are cheap, service is great, and food is fresh and tasty! Came here on Memorial day for lunch. Ordered the pad thai and the spicy basil dish entree and both came in bigger portions than I thought. Got a 3 and a 5 for spicyness which I thought was the correct rating after tasting it. Water was refilled promptly and server came to check on us. Restaurant was clean with a laid-back atmosphere. Bill came to about $20 for the two entrees. This is now my goto place for thai food!
4	Came here for a graduation dinner. The service was so slow, but that's because there were so many people. All of our dishes were nice portion sizes, and the staff was very friendly and attentive. Of course we all got Thai Iced Tea!Appetizers were so yummy, especially the crunchy wantons. I can not relate just how incredible those little fried critters are! I also thought I would not enjoy the pineapple chicken fried rice, but it has now become my favorite dish.I think it has a very homey environment, although it is a chain. I would very much recommend any of the locations, I think you will find it to be a great restaurant.
4	Yet another extremely solid Thai option in South West Vegas. The wife and I headed here this weekend for lunch and we were not disappointed. I'm very close to awarding this place five stars.Archi's is a very relaxed, non-threatening sort of environment. The restaurant is clean and comfortable and the service is friendly. The first thing that struck me was that the menu was rather extensive compared to most of the Thai places you find outside of Chinatown. Eventually I decided to go for my (compulsory) Satay Chicken Sticks starter, followed by chicken "Ginger Ginger Ginger" which sounded right up my alley. Green onions, peppers, baby corn, lots of ginger... mmmm... They had no problems at all making mine without mushrooms which come as a standard. I was excited.When the food arrived I discovered that Archi's heat scale for their food doesn't obey the same laws as most other places around town. My 7/10 would have been at least a 13/10 at most other places I have eaten and I had to drink after every other bite, but my ginger dish was absolutely delicious. The satay sticks were slightly different than what I usually look for (I usually like the thin strips of chicken and these were more chunky) but still very tasty. My wife was less enthusiastic about her vegetarian fare of fried tofu starter followed by Tofu Pad Thai, preferring Panna Thai's version, but still declaring Archi's to be tasty.Overall Archi's is a quality Thai option that I hope to revisit soon, possibly dialing the heat down a little from my previous order. Conveniently located not far from the Rainbow flyover of 215, I can see this place being a great Thai takeout option for any who live in, or commute through, the area.
1	I absolutely enjoy Thai food.  I usually enjoy Thai dishes at Archi's on Flamingo, however recently had tried the location on S. Rainbow.  My experience here was absolutely disappointing.  I had raved about this restaurant to a friend and invited her along.  We met at the Rainbow location (it was just convenient...otherwise Flamingo location would've been the spot).  Service: Scale 1-10  "1"Upon arrival in the evening around 7 pm business was slow yet it took more than a few minutes for anyone to acknowledge us at the door.  There was a glance from a server, but no "We will be right with you" (at the very least right?)Second, to order, it took another approx 10 minutes to flag the server down (I guess they were just hanging out in the back)Food: Scale 1-10 "4"Mediocre...it's hard for curry to be bland.  However oddly mine was.The chicken was very dry too.Cleanliness: Scale 1-10 "1"There was a nat in my rice...I asked for a fresh pot to be made.  Now where we were sitting, I saw the waitress whine/complain about us complaining, dump the rice back in the pot after picking out the nat.  And get more rice from another pot but did not wash her hands!  I was like health department?!Ok this was just one of my worsT experiences...I usually enjoy the restaurants from my previous posts.  For this particular restaurant and LOCATION this was my ONE bad experience to others' several great ones.  With that said, I hope my review helps, however, foodie beware!*As a result from our bad experience, we did speak to management and they had discounted the bill.  I still love Archi's but on Flamingo yet just will not go back to the one on S. Rainbow.  Same chain...different restaurant- ENTIRELY.
3	Archi's used to be my all time favorite Thai place. The past couple of visits have been a bit of a disappointment though. I was always trying to call to place a to go order (about 3-4 separate occasions) and they would never pick up. Apparently you have to do it online which is perfectly fine with me, but what about those who do not have internet? I ordered online and I got a call probably about 5 minutes later. They wanted to tell me that the prices online were incorrect and that it would be an extra 4 bucks total. I said it was fine because I was totally craving Thai. I was a bit peeved though since they had this whole order thing online that their prices were not correct. They should have offered me the price that was shown online regardless. However, I'm sure they have fixed this problem by now...I assume as this was about a month ago. We decided to come here for dinner on Saturday after the mall. We ordered the Beef Pineapple Fried Rice and the Chicken Pad Thai. The fried rice was delicious but too spicy for me. I've become some kind of wuss with spiciness now only because it burns my stomach. The pad thai was a huge mistake. A soggy mess of noodles. There was way too much tamarind sauce and the noodles were overcooked.  Service was attentive, but bring a sweater ladies...its freezing in there. Overall, Archi's is a decent Thai place, but it's definitely not my favorite anymore.
4	I can't believe I have to do this, but Archi's is getting a downgrade. My favorite Thai place in town hasn't been as good lately. First off, they raised their prices. I understand they have to do this to stay competitive and make money, but damn $2-3 more a dish is a little much to take overnight. If the increase was a little more gradual, I think it would have been a little more palatable.The service isn't as personable as before. I often stand at the front waiting to be acknowledged by wait staff to get a table far longer than I should have to. Just a nod or something to let me know they see me and will be with me soon is all I need. The food is still delish, but I hope they work on the service aspect a bit more.
5	Pineapple Fried Rice with ChickenChicken Spicy BasilBeef & Tofu Pad Kea MowHands down my favorite dishes at Archi's.  They tend to be heavy on the spice so I always stick with a 3.  It is a bit expensive, but I think it is the best Thai restaurant on the West side of town.  They definitely have me coming back for more.. and more.
4	love it all ! but we always go back for the same things!chicken pad se ewwpanang beef spicy #7 hot hot hot! chicken satay w/ peanut sauceall topped off with jasmine rice and a large thai ice tea mMmmMmYUM! i think im going there for dinner yes!
2	Anyone who gives this place 4 or 5 stars must be either smoking crack daily or has never had good thai food. Since moving here in February we have been to Lotus of Siam probably a dozen times and it has never even approached disappointment. I live much closer to Archi's Bistro and got the thai bug we decided to check it out. I browsed the menu online and it looked pretty good and quite reasonable. Curries and entrees were advertised as being in the $8-11 range, but when we sat down and saw the menu they had pasted higher prices over the old ones so it was actually $10-15. We ordered a Tom Yum Koon(soup), Panang Curry, Basil Chicken, and a flat noodle and veggie dish I can't remember the name of. The soup was okay, but the broth was watery and the shrimp were overcooked and a bit rubbery. The thai basil had ground chicken which is very strange ingredient choice for a $15 entree, and was also quite a small portion. The panang was okay but waaay to greasy and oily the sauce was broken and kind of cold. The flat noodle was kind of like a chow fun with basil and green bell peppers, this was the best dish we had even though I said no meat and they gave us chicken for an extra $2. The staff was pretty much all high school kids from what I could tell, polite but hardly professional for what they are charging for run of the mill thai food. I was and am very disappointed in my fellow yelpers for rating this place so highly. I will never be back even for take out. There are places that are just as good for much less money, and places that are much better for the same prices. Don't waste your time and money, just make a reservation at Lotus of Siam...
4	Loved this place we had the stuffed calamari which tasted awesome, hubby doesn't like calamari but he sure liked it here.....we had the pineapple curry with shrimp, it was so so delicious and the seafood combination can't complain....will definitely be going back...even the iced tea tasted great!
4	I really do enjoy good Thai food. So do a lot  of people I know. I have been all over town for great Thai and this is one of them. I try not to spoil myself so I go only when friends are in town. I usually do that if the place is pricey but it really isn't. My friend once told me while eating at another Thai restaurant, later to be reviewed that Archie's had the best Pad Thai. I have never been and got scolded for the simple fact that this place was 5 minutes down the street. The lunch portions are a good size and include egg roll, Won ton and soup. The service is good even when they misplace your order. Yes that has happened to me here but it was an accident. I took my father in-law who I have no idea what he wanted to I over ordered and enjoyed every dish. Friends did enjoy the basil chicken which is becoming a favorite at most places now. There are three locations spread around town.  Enjoy!
5	FINALLY! A decent thai place in town! I LOVE IT! Good for big parties since my friends and I love to eat! I recommend the papaya salad, fried tofu, pad thai, pineapple fried rice, spicy basil and panang curry. The location is off the strip (probably 10-15 minutes but maybe too much to cab it). and it's pretty far from Henderson but worth the drive. The service is fantastic as well. I love the ambiance because it reminds me of the restaurants at home. It's a pretty quiet location.
4	Chicken pad se ewwsilver noodle soupthai teaBeef saladall delicious! i thought the thai tea was toooo sweet, but it was easily fixed by adding ice and water to it.
4	Archi's is the brick house of Thai food in Vegas.  Always consistent.  Always good.  It offers a consistently solid Thai dinner.They do a great job with the curry and I've tested their red, green, and massaman options.  Flavorful and they offer the level of spice you want (warning: 6 out of 10 on the heat scale lit up your mouth and I'm someone that always eats the jalapenos when I order Mexican).  The pad thai didn't blow me away, but it was solid and delicious.  I've had numerous dishes with chicken, steak and tofu and overall they do a good job.Bottom line: you will not be disappointed eating at Archi's.  It's not the greatest thai I've ever had, but it's a solid choice and good for the price.
5	Great food... Pad Thai!'
4	great thai restaurantLOVE their spicy basil chicken,pork,beef!!
4	One of my favorite Thai places in town. The restaurant is so clean and the food is always good. My favorite combo pad thai, chix panang curry, papaya salad. And of course Thai tea.
2	This is usually a really good restaurant... One I regularly recommend to friends and famiy. However, today's visit is not shaping to be a good one-- here is the play by play:* Called 3 times to order carry out but the call kept going to voicemail. Either their listed number was bad or they were not answering the phone* Nobody to greet me at the door, which is not a big deal. When the hostess did arrive she seem flustered and was just punching keys on the register and not even making eye contact. I repeated the order three times and when it was time to pay I realized she had left out part of my order.The food was good as always, but the service this time around left a lot to be desired
4	Archie's is pretty much a staple in my places to eat.  My wife and I love to get the Pad Se Ew, Pad Thai, and the Pad Ka Pow.  Super delicious.  The portions are just right and the food always comes out hot.  Makes sure you ask for the side of spices.  I really enjoy my Thai food hot.  And, the spices include some vinegar drenched hot pepper slices that I always toss all over my plate. The wait staff are always pretty attentive and friendly.  They always make sure your drink is refilled. The Archi's restaurant is actually really nice  & clean inside.  If you're looking for a place to bring your family/friends and you want to avoid the strip, Archie's hits the spot!
3	Pretty decent restaurant. I enjoyed my meal very much. I ordered Pad Prik, and it tasted much better than it sounds like.
5	Back up to five stars for me! On my two most recent trips here the portions were increased noticeably. I was very pleased with my meal. My out of town friends always ask me to take them here when they're visiting. The service was much better this time around as well. So glad I am able to give them back their star!
5	Great pad thai, great spicy basel!
1	I LIKED going to Archi's before today.   The restaurant was not busy.  We got seated by the kitchen.  Unfortunately our waitress FORGOT TO PUT THE ORDER IN. So we didn't get our food until 45 minutes later.  Unacceptable for management to run a place like this.  The place was not even busy.  This loyal customer will not be loyal no longer. Two other parties received their food before we did and they got seated after us.  Poor  management style that caused a bad dining experience and lousy tip for employees.  The only good thing is the food.
5	Best Thai food in town.  I absolutely love the curry, and my friend swears by the pork fried rice.  There is a ton of excellent options on the menu, but be careful what you order on your first visit.  I have a hard time ordering anything else.   Now the only way I get to try anything new is to bring someone else and sample what they order.  Service is always pleasant and decor is simple.
2	Had to dock 3 stars for the following reasons:---Took at least 1/2 hour for our order to be ready when we were told that this would be only 15 mins. max.  We did not order a lot, nor anything extravagant.---The entree they were correcting (which they said was the reason why it took so long) was the wrong entree.  Couldn't take it back as it was a "to-go" order, so by the time we got the whole order home, it's a done deal.---The noodles on the pad thai tasted old.---They forgot the ice coffee I ordered, which was only included after I reminded them.Reasons for the 2 stars:--Staff was friendly.--Pineapple fried rice was good and tasty.I would probably try another Thai place before going back to this one.
3	Archi's is yet another great Thai place in Vegas. The som tum was great (3 stars) but the best remains Thai Neva's in St. Louis hands down.  The tom yum (4 stars) was pretty fantastic with great lemongrass and seasoning. Thai tea here was insanely good (5 stars). Atmosphere was spot on and would be a good date place but the service was a little lacking when compared to that of Pin Kaow which has been consistently attentive.
5	Authentic Thai food, nice atmosphere, very friendly service and awesome value! This is definitely our favorite Thai restaurant. Everyone we've recommended this place to love this place. You can't go wrong with this thai restaurant.
2	SERVICE WAS NON EXISTENT..  I asked for an 8 on spicy scale for curry it was a two.. I know I'm white but an eight for a white guy should still be like a six.. Too expensive too.. They need to get there stuff together.. Too many Thai options in area to drop the ball on customer service
4	I was very impressed with the quality of the food at Archi's. I would have never gone there due to the strip mall location but will definitely be a regular due to food and service.
4	In Vegas, we have a inordinate amount of delicious Thai Cuisine at our fingertips, which is awesome because it's such an accessible food and we could have it everyday, (although I'm not a spicy kind of guy, I can't get enough of Thai food).... I could go on and on about Thai food and the other restaurants that we love, but then we wouldn't have anything for our future posts, so I'll keep it short; in terms of geographic convenience, Archi's Thai Bistro is a really great place to feed your Thai addiction!We have a real bad addiction to Pad See Ew; the Soy coated flat noodles, which has a chewy, satisfying texture along with the crunch of Chinese Broccoli stems and my favorite protein-Pork and Egg it's unbelievably tasty!!So I love all the Apps here, but it's impossible to order all of them in one sitting, so, we'll add updates to this post when we've come back and ordered more.  This time, we ordered the stuffed wings; boneless Chicken wings that have been stuffed with minced pork, clear noodles and vegetables that are then deep fried!  It's a miniature, pre-TurDuckEn type of App that, with the Plum Sauce, is a great starter. Protein component, check! Fried component, check!Other great Apps-Chicken or Pork Satay, with the Peanut Sauces, it's pretty addictive.  As well, the Pla Muk Tod (fishcake) is awesome to tempt your palate before the main event!  The Soups are good too, I just can't have too much cuz I sweat way to much on my head eating hot stuff-but Tom Kha Gai is my favoriteThere's just nothing like Thai Curry; I'm partial to Massamum or Penang Curry (I find that the sweetercurries create a balance with the heat) but I won't turn away a Red, Yellow or Green one from the table!  This time we ordered the Country Curry- a homemade Red Curry with a lot of vegetables in a lighter soup.  It's delectable!YUMMM!Rating (Out of Five Stars)Food:            4Ambience:    3Service:        4
5	Good service & great lunch specials! My favorite Thai restaurant so far! Great vege soup and pad thai.
4	If it wasn't for Lotus of Siam - they would have 5 stars.For appetizers - must have is the beef thai jerky and of course their tom kha soup.Entrees - Prik King and Panang are incredible.  As I get older I can't handle spice as much as I used to so I always order mild and get the spices on the side.  You have to ask for the spices as they don't always give it to you but it's worth the asking as this way I can add a little more as I go for an extra kick.
5	Another Top Spot for Thai Food in Vegas. Pad Thai (flavorful) is one of the best I've tried in town. Great flavors, location and food!My Favorites:Pad ThaiPanangTom Kha Gai
5	Always a good move! Can't go wrong.
3	Let me be clear that I am NOT a fan of Thai cuisine.  That being said this chain seems to produce "mostly" fresh, above average dishes.  Is it up to the level of say Thai Spice...  no...  not quite.  It has sacrificed some of that special place quality as every chain seems to do.  My chicken skewers were fine... but couldn't help but wonder if the chicken was frozen.  It definitely did not scream fresh... but it wasn't clearly frozen.  This place sort of walks the line.  If I was going to bet... I think there is a good bit of frozen food going on here.  Overall, not bad... and not too expensive.  If you are in the mood for Thai, this place will do.  Just don't expect too much.
5	This was probably my 2nd or 3rd time I've dined at Archi's and today, I was reminded of how good it still is. Why have I not come here more often? Old age forgetfulness, I suppose...My friend and I went for lunch on a Monday. It was decently crowded, but their service was great from start to finish. We had the stuffed wings appetizer, chicken Pad Thai (lunch portion), and papaya salad. They made it exactly as we requested, and everything tasted wonderful. I wanted to order my favorite dessert, mango & sticky rice, but knew i had no room to eat it. The portions were big. The price of the bill was more than reasonable, too. Always a great thing to see at the end of the meal. :)Next time I'm craving Thai food, hopefully my forgetfulness will not fail me, and I'll head down to Archi's. I'd highly recommend anyone to do the same!
4	I love this place. Consistent, tasty, and good service...whether you dine-in or take out.   My favorite is the Masaman vegetable curry.
5	Great price solid service but always come for the great food.My favorite dish is the Chicken Panang!! Delicious!
4	this place is the old stand- by place to go when friends come by. The food never fails to please. Everything here is good! I still like," lotus of siam" better.
5	This place will probably be my only favorite Thai restaurant in the whole entire world. I LOVE Thai food, and I have been to many Thai restaurants, however Archie's in Las Vegas is the place that has great quality authentic Thai food. Also, I absolutely love their lunch special sections. They basically have a majority of my favorites on the lunch special menu, and it includes soup, salad, a fried wonton and a egg roll- and on top of that, it is not even expensive! Plus, another favorite thing about this place is their Thai tea. They serve their Thai tea in a big ass cup with small crushed ice! I love that because you are getting more liquid rather than ice. Plus, there's really no need for a refill with a huge serving of Thai tea like that! I love it! LolThe decorations of the place and it's atmosphere is clean and elegant. I would to go here on a date with my honey if we were craving Thai food. Overall, you got to come here! The food is amazing. If you love spicy Thai food, this is the place to go! You get to pick from a scale from 1-10 how hot you want your food to be. For me, a freakin' 3 is hot enough! Lol
5	Let me first of all say that I absolutely love thai food and once spent a summer in Thailand with some friends primarily for the food. I live for good thai food and this place has injected new meaning into my life. Ok so maybe that's an exaggeration, but seriously they're good. This was easily the best lunch special I have ever eaten in a Thai restaurant outside of Thailand, and it was reasonably priced too. After eating so many mediocre thai lunch specials during work, I have finally found one that is worthy of the drive.The interior is clean and well kept. The staff consists of trendy young Thai immigrants who offer excellent service. I decided to try the pepper steak lunch special. The soup came first. It was Tom Khar Kai ( chicken in coconut milk) and it was pretty damn good. Not the best I have ever had but the flavoring was solid and clearly made with an authentic recipe. The salad was pretty much your standard thai salad with the sweet dressing. The eggroll was pretty impressive--MUCH better than the standard greasy hunk of dough you get at your average Chinese restaurant. The beef was excellent-- tenderly prepared and sufficiently seasoned, accompanied by an aesthetically pleasing arrangement of green and red bell peppers and sauteed onions. I devoured my plate and sent my compliments to the chef, who by the way, brought me the meal herself. That's another great thing about this place-- you can see them do much of the preparing in their open kitchen which holds them to a higher standard of food preparation. I tipped generously and bookmarked this place. I will have to come back here with my girlfriend and see if the dinner entrees are all that they are cracked up to be, but if the lunch special was any indication, I'm sure I'll be more than satisfied.
4	I came here with 3 friends when we wanted to eat some normal food while in Vegas.  Among the 4 of us, we ordered a crap load of food.  We got the spring rolls, papaya salad, pad kee mow, pad thai, tom yum soup, and yellow curry.Spring rolls:  Definitely not what you expect when you hear spring rolls.  The wrapping was thicker.  Not the clear thin kind you are used to.  The inside was pretty good though.  I actually enjoyed the tamarind sauce even though I'm not a big fan of sweet stuff that should be savoryPapaya Salad:  Let me warn you, if you cannot handle spicy stuff, you need to order a LOW number on the spicy scale.  We ordered a 5 for this and it was so spicy.  We drank 2 cups of water just eating this dish.  It was really good.  It was really refreshing and we liked the peanuts on itTom Yum Soup w/Chicken:  We had to ask them to lower the spicy level on it before it came out.  We probably would've died and had our esophagus burned as the soup went down.  The soup was flavorful.  I'm not the biggest soup fan, so I can't judge this that wellPad Kee Mow w/ Chicken:  We ordered a 3 on the spicy level and it was good enough.  This dish is usually spicy already.  They give you A LOT of ingredients in here with all the veggies that are in the dish.  This dish was really fulfilling and the portions were generous. I just wish it had more noodles.  I would definitely recommend this dish.Pad Thai w/ Chicken:  This dish was a standard pad thai.  I always love a good pad thai and this met my standards and craving.  There was nothing too special about it.  It was good enough.  If you do like acid on your pad thai, you have to ask for it here.  They brought us a little bowl of lemon juice.Yellow Curry w/ Chicken:  I didn't try much of this but it was good from the little that I had, but the rest of my friends enjoyed it.  I do enjoy a good curry every once in a whileOverall, the prices are a few dollars higher on average than what I'm used to in the LA area but the portions are generous.  We ate most of the food, but we still had enough leftover for a small meal the next day.  The service was great.  We really liked our server and he was so kind to us.  I'll definitely come back if I'm in the area and want to get away from the strip and have a quiet meal
5	I've eaten here a couple dozen times and have never had a bad meal.  Prices are extremely reasonable, and the food is great.   Highly recommend this.
4	They have fountain sodas, no paying by the can! No delivery, pick up tho. Nice and clean. Crushed ice. Fresh herbs, super super fresh. Sauce for fish cakes is amazing. Small shrimp. Very reasonable prices.
4	The food is wonderful,  the inside is nice, and the service was just okay. Asked for a to go cup for my daughter's thai tea and ended up having to ask another server.
4	Archi's is usually the primer for people who are new to Thai food. The standard in many ways. It's pretty good - so that's fine.I've had most of their menu and I can say everything is good. I'd have to say their pad thai is some of the best I've had, if not the best, in the city. Their eggplant is also exceptional - though I wish the served more of it. Curries are just average. Watery, with bamboo shoots.Service is good, with prices just right as well. I've never had any issues. All their locations are kept clean and professional. That's why they have so many locations. They know how to run a business and keep their customers.
4	Archi's is definitely my favorite place to go to for some good Thai food.My friend took me to this place for the first time. Back then, I had chicken pad thai and she had thai beef salad (might not be the right name). chicken pad thai was really good. One thing I noticed about pad thai when I went back a couple of times, is that sometimes noodles are overcooked. I know this happens at any given restaurant, but it happened several times I went back. I have been getting chicken pad kea mow instead, and this is also a must-try.My favorite dish here is spicy basil pork (you get a choice of chicken, beef, pork, shrimp, or combo). It's diced pork stir-fried with spicy thai basil. Also a must-tryYou get to choose the level of spiciness for your dishes, which is nice. I usually get 5 or 6, I have tried 8 before.... well, that was a bad ideaGreat place to stop by for lunch (they have some great lunch specials) and dinner!
5	I cant believe I'm just writing this review now and Ive been to this place a dozen times. I absolutely hands down love this place by far the best thai food Ive had. I have only tried 2 different dishes here but both were delicious. The first time a came here I ordered the chicken pad thai which was pretty good but Ive had better but the next time i went here i ordered the beef pad see ew and omg it was so delicious. The pad see ew is very flavorful i love the flat noodles they use and there very generous with the beef, I do ask for it with no Chinese broccoli I'm not a fan of that. They use good quality product and the portions are generous it got to the point where this is all I ordered and i would come at least twice a week that's how good it is. so all in all great food, big portions and friendly service I probably wont be trying any other thai places for a while.
1	I'll start out by saying this review is mostly about the service and we thought the food was decent.  However, after the service we received we will not eat there again.  We were a group of 10 at about 5:30pm on a Sunday evening, so needless to say the restaurant was not busy at all, yet it took the server over 10 minutes to take our drink orders.  Later, when our dinner came out, my mother's plate was not correct.  So we asked the server who brought the food out if we could change it for another plate.  She said we could not change our order once it had been made.  If we wanted another plate, we'd still be charged for the one we didn't want and then she just left.  We were shocked, since no restaurant we've ever been to has ever done that.  We asked again and she said "my boss will be mad at me if I change it," and walked away again.  I asked another server if this was the norm and was told again that it was not possible to change your order.  I explained it was incorrect and not something my mother could eat, but was just told "sorry"...Finally, another server then came to our table and agreed to exchange the dish.  At this point, no one really wanted to eat, the mood was ruined by incompetent service and we ended up taking it home.  It's amazing to me how they could not take care of this simple request.  The food may have been good, but I can't get past the service.
4	Celebrated Mom's 80th last night at Archi's. We were a group of 10 and ordered a variety of dishes - from soup,salad,to satay and pad Thai. Our server didn't smile much or show much expression, but he was quick and efficient. Sometimes he would refill our drinks and we wouldn't even notice it!  We called him the Ninja waiter!All the food was great as usual and no one was left unsatisfied.  I like the plush wood decor and atmosphere of Archi's as it is on par with nicer restaurants.  I've been here about 10 times over the last few years and food is always good and service have been consistent. Some might consider the service bad (sometimes the culture is just plain shy).  I just think service could be friendlier but they still got the job done. Our party of 10, with only a few glasses of wine cost about 200 dollars with included 18% tip.  Not too shabby.  Will return often.
4	YUMMY!  Have not ha d bad meal here.  Service is good too
5	I have been to this location over 50 times. It is by far the best Thai food in Las Vegas. The pineapple curry with chicken is by far my favorite. They do the spice on a scale of 1-10 and a five can sometimes be hard to handle but it just depends on who is the chef that day. The Pad Thai, Thai fried rice, Tom Yum and Pananng Curry are amazing as well. I have never had a bad meal here. Sometime the service can be a not slow if you go before the rush but usually everything is outstanding
3	Tonight was the second time I tried this place, and I was even less impressed than I was the first time. I ordered the Thai basil chicken(Level 3), with steamed rice. The sauce was not so much sauce - as it was grease. Cooked with onions, zucchini, and peppers, this dish was bland compared to some other Thai restaurants in town. My wife ordered the cashew chicken which was mediocre at best. The cashews were burnt, and the sauce tasted weird as a result. The restaurant itself is clean and the staff is friendly. However, there are plenty of other options available in the area that offer better Thai food. Overall, I was disappointed in my visit tonight and probably won't come back anytime soon.
4	Sticky rice!!!!  Add it to every dish you order, you can't go wrong.  I had chicken pad thai with sticky rice and it was amazing.  My husband and I shared an order of the pad thai and it was more than enough food for us...and we can eat!  The only thing that could be improved upon here is the service.  I always get the feeling like I'm imposing on the staff here...like, I'm sorry you have to seat me...I'm sorry I need a refill on my beverage...I'm sorry I'm ready for my bill...Just get the feeling like they would just as soon not have me dining there...Don't know if I'm the only person to get this vibe here.  They get the job done, just not in the most pleasant way.Great food...service leaves something to be desired.
4	I decided too try different Thai for lunch just because yelpers do time too time. I notice they had advertisement for lunch special outside. I usually go too regular Archi still stand by as best place comes too Thai food in Vegas. Archi Thai Bistro pretty good comes up short too Archi. I had Thai BBQ chicken lunch special. I love the crispy skin on the chicken with the marinade could eat chicken skin by itself. You get leg, thigh, wing, and part of the breast. Side of the BBQ sauce that really really good! I could see that same sauce on any protein being delicious. The fried rice was da bomb! Fried rice must admit that stands out LOUD. Most of the time order friend rice never any good but this one was perfect. I wish you get more with lunch special but it is lunch special all good cheap good food. The service was great nice warm welcome walked in and fairly empty sit wherever I liked. The interior really Thai atmosphere from the decoration the paintings, couple statues, and Thai music playing in the restaurant. It kind of dark with the low ceilings so first check like ok. The service too the food really good stuff. Sure I would come back try more of the menu.
5	I love Archi's - they're convenient, decently priced and full of options on the menu. I've come here as a vegetarian before and they were still able to accommodate me. This place is good for a lunch date, meeting or dinner date. It's got the class and is still casual all at once.
4	All dishes I've tried were really good. My favorite: Pineapple Fried Rice and Panang.Con: I always order "not spicy" and it still is almost too spicy for me.
3	Thai food always hits a spot on my taste buds. I love thai food and I have been to archi's before. It is usually a hit or miss here for me.  It isn't the first place I would pick to go eat thai food but this time my friend wanted to eat there. This particular time I had went I had ordered the pad see ew with chicken. The chicken was extremely dry. It was definitely a miss this time around. Service is always pretty decent here. I can't say I would recommend coming here if you're looking for really good thai food.
3	I've had good Thai food. I've even had really good Thai food. I've also had mediocre Thai food. And... I've had Thai food delivered to my house, which... is kind of the most awesome Thai food of all, right? Well anyway, Archi's lands in the middle for me. I declare it to be good, okay, not amazing. My friend and I went during a very busy lunch hour today. When we arrived the doorway was packed and as we walked in we walked into... well, people. I felt a little awkward and I wasn't sure if these people were in line or what. After about a good minute of standing there a girl slid by my friend and I and gave her name to the man at the counter to the right who didn't acknowledge anyone coming into the place. Hrmm. I headed over and gave him my name. He wrote it down. That was it. No salutations. No telling me how long the wait would be. Oooo-kay. Moving on...We were sat in about 10 minutes (would have been nice to have known the wait time...). Our waitress arrived quickly and we were already ready to order because we were ordering off of the lunch special menu. I ordered the pad thai with chicken at a spiciness level of 7 and I ordered a Thai iced tea. My friend ordered the red curry with tofu at a spiciness level of 9 and we waited.The restaurant is small and somewhat loud, but not so loud you can't hold a conversation. The tables were clean and the place looks new and polished. As for the food. My friend and I both declared it to be pretty good, but nothing amazing. My pad thai was okay - but the noodles were a bit dry and clumped together. The side of soup was actually quite good and had an interesting flavor, coupled with the mushrooms, which I found to be a great addition. The egg roll fell flat with me, it was basically an egg roll - nothing more. My friend had just about the same reaction with her red curry. It was all right. We ordered two very basic Thai dishes. These are base lines for what the rest of the menu will be like. Hmmm. I can't say Archi's is good enough for me to return to - especially during the busy lunch hour. The strange way the host was handling people as they came in the door was a BIG turn off for me as well. Archi's gets an okay from me for now.
2	Approaching the doors you'll immediately notice the many stickered awards from restaurant reviewers marking this place as the best Thai food year over year. Walking in the door, the boasting continues with a table, dedicated and decorated for their many Zagat and other food awards. What do you not find? Good service. They certainly missed the mark from the moment I stepped in the door. The host attempted to seat me with another party, sighed with extreme displeasure that I wasn't with the initial group. (I'm sorry; did you just do that in front of your shrine of awards and pictures of the business?) After he came back to me, I was seated with no greeting, no notice of specials for the day, and no smile. :(I ordered the papaya salad to start off with and the red curry lunch special. Sadly, my lunch special came out and was finished by the time my papaya salad came out and I ended up getting the papaya salad to go. As for the food, I'm not sure if this same Archie's Bistro was the same Archie's Bistro that received the numerous awards for their food, but their food was really just average. The red curry sauce was a little too runny and didn't have as much flavor as what I've had at other places. The papaya salad was average. Overall, I'm left somewhat satisfied but still puzzled at how they could have gotten so many awards when my entire experience was lacking from the less than average service and about average food. From the high expectation that was set from their grandiose display of awards I felt disappointed by their horse and pony show.
5	Awesome Thai food. Really delicious. Attentive staff that gives you everything you need, doesn't hover, and stays out of the way. Good prices. If I had to say one negative thing, it would be that I expected hotness level 7 of 10 to be hotter, so next time I'll get an 8 or 9. There will definitely be a next time. So delicious.
5	You can request your level of spiciness on a 1-10 scale. I don't know how they manage that kind of precision, but it seems to work. The Mongolian style beef was well-seasoned, and the beef was crisp (so were the veggies). I would eat here all of the time if I wasn't just visiting for vacation!
4	Going to Archi's at lunch time is comparable to standing in line for the new iPhone.  You know it's going to be crowded and risky if you'll even get in ... but you're so happy when you walk away with your shiny new toy.  In this example the new toy is Archi's in your belly.  It's nearly as good as the new iPhone but doesn't cost nearly as much.So yeah the lunch time rush is crazy, maybe because it's good and the specials are cheap.  You can get a full plate of Phai Thai, salad and egg roll for under $8.  No wonder it's slammed at lunch time.  The food is constantly good and the spice levels are just right.  Anything over a 6, you'll feel the heat.If you want to avoid the lunch rush, check them out for dinner.  It's a lot less crowded and it's the same damn good food!
5	I'm a simple person. Give me a yummy pad thai, attentive water refills when I need it (such as after a long day), a clean well-lit dining room, and a quiet enough atmosphere to hear the other people at your table and I'm a happy diner. This place meets all the criteria.Hmm, I pretty much covered all of it. The heat level is subjective, so if you're ultra-sensitive you'll want a 3, or if you're like me you'll be reasonably challenged by a 3, or if you're my friend you'll think that the 10 is like a 3. Shrimp, combination, or seafood is a reasonable surcharge on top of the basic meats and veggies. The service is reasonably fast. Only issue for me personally is the relatively distant location, so I'm probably not gonna go back here too often even though it's good
4	Best Thai food in all of Las Vegas.  I really enjoyed dinner and all for under $35.00.
4	It's ironic that I'm a fan of Archi's Thai Bistro because I've always told anyone who would listen that I hate Thai food, and back then I sincerely meant that from the bottom of my heart but the larb here is THAT GOOD. :)I was dragged here one night because we were trying to go somewhere new for a change and I'm glad I was forced out of my comfort zone. I don't remember what entree I ordered (it wasn't very memorable) but one of my friends had the larb and the other had the wonton soup. Both were great.. which is why I came back a couple months later. That time I ordered BOTH the larb and the wonton soup (don't worry I shared!) and my friend ordered some sort of beef salad, which was good as well- it's just that once I find the one entree that I love, its hard to change my mind LOLAnyways, the only reason I didn't give it the 5 stars was due to the food's spice level being inconsistent (I ordered a 4 both times but got the second one a lot spicier).Since the dishes come out "family style" I would recommend coming with anywhere between 2-4 people, but the portions aren't huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuge so I wouldn't try to come with more than 4 unless you want to order the same entree twice. Have fun!
4	First off, the food is excellent. The curries and pad Thai is what they're known for. Service here is hit and miss. I have seen many people just walk out because of bad service. They do take out. A bit pricey, but its worth it.They do they spicy scale from 1 - 10. 10 being the hottest. I like myself some spicy foods, but I can hardly eat a 5.
4	I have been here once upon a time & from what I recalled from my memory. It was pretty GREAT. Very pleased with the service & food.  The portion of the food was bigger than I imagined it to be & it sure did fill me up! One of these days, I'll come back to you, Archi's.
5	This is the restaurant that got me into actually enjoying Thai in the first place.  This isn't my first Thai experience but definitely the only place I go to in Vegas now.  The spicy scale helps you venture as far as your taste buds dare.  I don't think they will be disappointed because I've never had anything that was subpar.  My favorite items are the tom yum soup with coconut milk and the pad see ew.  Enjoy!
5	Awesome food and service best thai food in las vegad
3	First visit was two days before NYE.  We had lunch.  The Green Papaya salad and the panang curry were both excellent.  Service was good.  Beer was cold.  There was litter on the floors and no one picked it up throughout the lunch period, but other than that it was just fine.   If I lived in Vegas, I would go back and explore the menu a bit more and then I would adjust my review accordingly.Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone who likes Thai food...btw:  Their Hottest setting is not really very hot.
4	I am ridiculously addicted to the Ginger Ginger Ginger Beef lunch special at Archi's Thai Bistro. STUPID addicted..  It is the only thing I have ever had there, and I doubt I will change it up any time soon. My first visit to Archi's was with the lovely Jaime W. for lunch. Every other time, I have gotten my meal to go. This place gets jam-packed at noon, if you are planning on having lunch here it would be a smart move to show up closer to 11.  Sometimes the wait just to pick up to go food is 5-10 minutes, with the wait to get a table just as long if not longer.The lunch specials are $7.95 (unless you want shrimp) and you get the entree, a generous portion of steamed rice, a fried wonton and an eggroll (if you eat in I believe you also get soup). I have had better eggrolls and I throw away the wonton. The delicious ginger beef dish keeps me coming back week after week... It has baby corn, mushrooms, bell peppers, onions and a ton of delicious ginger.Every other dish at Archi's may suck, and I may never know... but based on how busy they are day after day, I doubt it. If you like Thai, you should give Archi's Bistro a try.
5	My favorite Thai joint in town. I honestly never had anything here I didn't love. I still talk about Archi's to this day. It has become the measuring stick for how I judge and rate Thai restaurants now.Everything was so good that it's hard to pinpoint my favorite dish. The Spicy Eggplant is probably on top of the list of faves. The Garlic and Pepper is also up there. And I like how you can substitute getting brown rice instead of white. Which depending on how hot you order your dish, you'll definitely be eating some to cool the heat in between bites. Their cucumber salad is top notch too, the best I've had anywhere for sure. And since we're on the subject of best, their peanut sauce is fan-fucking-tastc! And if you're in the mode for desert, you can't go wrong with the mochi ice cream, particularly the red bean and green tea ones.If I had to find two negatives, they'd be that I didn't discover this place my first day living in Vegas, and that they don't have a location 2000 miles away where I currently live.
3	I had the yellow curry with chicken. Normally, I'm a fan of thai curry, but the one I had today was slightly off. The curry was lacking in coconut milk, and the chicken was overcooked. On the bright side, we got a lot of rice with our order, and there was an abundant amount of chicken and veggies inside the curry. Couldn't exactly finish everything.We went right before the lunch rush, so we got our table and order in pretty quick right before the place got packed. I would've liked their lunch special, but since I went on a 'holiday' (New Years Day), they weren't offering their specials :( The service we received was as expected from a busy restaurant.I'd probably revise my review once I find the time to drop by again. =]
4	Best pad Thai I've ever had. Pineapple fried rice was pretty good too. Service was awesome. Never had to ask for a refill.
4	I'm so happy this place is down the street from us. I'm not a big Thai food eater but I love Tom Yum soup and who doesn't love pad thai?! This place scores huge points for both!I've been here over 50x and each time is just as good as the time before.
4	great atmosphere, tasty food, and affordable!We went for lunch and had:red curry with chicken which was loaded with things as opposed to being mostly liquid!  i like things!  ordered it at a spiciness level 5 and it was perfect.basil with pork which was spicier than my curry but also very flavorful and had nice chunks of zucchini.wings of angel, which are stuffed chicken wings that are then deep fried.  the stuffing was flavorful and the chicken was super crisp with all the fat from the skin perfectly rendered out.  I think the stuffing consists of pork, rice noodles, carrots...and more!overall an excellent lunch spot and plenty of left overs.
3	A Thai restaurant,... That I used to love.It's always disappointing when you return to a restaurant and the prices go up but the portions get smaller. My go-to dish is the ground spicy beef or chicken basil. We almost always had leftovers to take home or at least enough to fill us up, but this time around, we barely had enough for the three of us! Such a downer.They don't offer refills on Thai tea, no one really does except for a few places but your glass is gigantic compared to the soda glasses to make you feel some what ok for the lack of refills.Service, well, it took forever for someone to refill my water, it took about 10 mins before anyone walked by for us to pay our bill. It wasn't horrible but it wasn't great.There are a few Archi's in town, this one isn't really my fav, but when it comes to Thai food, I'd rather go to Basil 'n' Lime.
4	I love Thai food and when I want it, this is where I go and I'm always happier when I leave. I always order between the same three dishes for myself and Ruben: Red Curry, Pad Thai, and Fried Rice. Their red curry is just fabulous. I order it with level 5 (out of 10) spiciness and with its fresh vegetables, bamboo shoots, and choice of meat (or more vegetables), it's just so, so good (don't forget the always delicious Jasmine rice)! The Pad Thai (also level 5) is tasty and satisfying. I love the crushed peanuts and fresh bean sprouts. It's really wondeful with chicken. As for the fried rice, we order it with level 6. Of ALL the Asian restaurants I've had fried rice, Archi's is one of the BEST executions. The flavors are amazing and when I ate meat, I used to order their "combination" and the meats weren't micro pieces that were over-cooked, but rather plump and fresh, cooked perfectly. Even the vegetarian option was delicious! Plus, you seriously can't beat the prices!Edit: I can't eat spicy food as much as I used to, so now I order level 2 for a little kick, but nothing insane. My new favorite dishes are the Curry Fried Rice, Basil Fried Rice, Pad Kea Mow, Spicy Eggplant, and Spicy Basil. Everything is really great though! I've also enjoyed the Tom Yum, Tom Kha, Pad See Ew, and Panang. Try something new when you go!!
5	Pad Thai! Their soup was great and the food for the lunch special was delicious. Their pad thai at 5 (hotness) was the perfect blend of flavor and heat. Good service too.
4	This is a great restaurant with great food and great service.  A place I would recommend when you have a few in your party so you can splurge on all different types of meals. We started off with the Tom Yum soup.  We all ordered rice on the side so we could put that with our soup.  It was so yum that we went silent when it got served.  For main dishes, to play it safe with everyone else we ordered Papaya Salad, Mongolian Beef, and Pad Thai.  Nothing disappointed us.  We ordered everything on Medium spicy to keep it safe since you never know their level of spiciness.  We didn't have any left overs among the four of us sharing. This really hit the spot.  Glad its in my neck of the woods.  I usually like to go to Chinatown to get my Thai fix, luckily my taste buds and tummy was satisfied with the spice!
4	Pretty good Thai food on the westside of town ! I'd like to say in a Thai food master and have been to many great Resteraunts and this one is great to bring someone too who hasn't experienced Thai Cusine! It's a little more American than one would hope but still has amazing flavor and great customer service. The price is great and if you order take out its done in a Kidd! Pad see eww is my favorite!! Delicious!! Spring rolls at Archis are fresh and taste great. I'd definitely recommend trying this place out!
5	Tried this for the first time today. had ordered to go, food was ready when I got there.had the chicken satays and the fried rice. everything was amazing. the peanut sauce was unbelievable! everything tasted  really fresh and there was so much food left over. the food is pricey but definitely worth it. can't wait to go back!!!
5	Great food and great service. This location is very busy and it is obvious why. The prices are reasonable for Thai and I've never been disappointed with the quality of their food! Give them a try!
3	My co-workers compromised with me and decided to take me here on my birthday recently. One of them hates Thai food and doesn't like to get nuts with anything "exotic". This time they made an exception. I've been to Pinkow (which is very close) many times and was always very satisfied with everything. However, many people people told me to "try Archi's, try Archi's" so I did since it was close to where we worked. It gets insanely busy at lunchtime, so I'd go at around 11:30am for lunch or an off time for dinner. When I walked into Archi's it was a little too nice and lacked the great questionable dump factor that I really enjoy of the great Thai places I've been to in Las Vegas (Pinkow now being an exception with it's newer locations). As always, I searched the menu for "Spicy Mint Chicken", but only found "Spicy Basil Chicken". This raised an eyebrow for me since every Thai restaurant I've ever been to has had the mint version of this dish. Anyway, I ordered it. They probably could have made the mint version, but I wanted to see their take on it.I got the lunch special which comes with soup, a wonton and an egg roll. I have to say they really do give you a lot of food for the price. I always ask for a "10" in spiciness and they did a pretty good job of obliging. It's never really a 10 though. Overall, the food was pretty good, but they put big chunks of cucumber in the chicken which I've never seen before and that was kind of a turn off. I had to segregate the cucumber from the chicken like a little kid since there was a strangely abundant amount of it. My co-worker, who doesn't really vary from Americana, got the sweet and sour chicken. It looked and, by his report, tasted like dog food. I guess that what you get when order Chinese food from a Thai place. All in all, Archi's is good. It's just not my preference. It just could have been a little dirtier.
5	OMG!! this place can do no wrong, The food is authentic, (just how I like it), & every item sooo good. Its my go-to place if your in the area & looking for amazing Thai food. Oh yeah & the service is great too!
4	Ordered the chicken pad thai and the yellow chicken curry. Both were excellent. I felt as if this would be the exact flavors i'd be tasting in Thailand.I'm almost sad I hadn't been there before. I've been missing out!
4	I love the food here, sometimes there is a wait, but that's to be expected when it's like the best Thai restaurant in the city. Prices are reasonable, good lunch specials.I would recommend.
5	Best Thai in town!
1	This is like the 5th time we came here and we've been trying to give them chances but for some reason it's always the same experience.  SO THIS WILL BE THE LAST TIME WE COME TO THIS LOCATION. Every time we come here this is what haopens:We get seated right away but wait so long to get our orders taken(even though we put our menus down so soon) since we always know what we like. They take our orders, with unpleasant faces, and deliver our orders without even asking if we needed anything else. Halfway through the meal, we still don't get checked up by the server and STILL NO REFILLS for our water but when it's time to give our check, they're so fast at it.No matter how many chances we give them, they still do the same. To be honest, I HAVE GOTTEN BETTER SERVICE IN MCDONALD'S THAN THIS. I highly don't recommend this location. If you want to get good service while eating good food, this ISN'T the place for you.
5	Food: GREAT!Service: Okay.  Young staffs, most are lack of customer service skills and smiley faces but not bad overall.  Facility: New, well maintained. Bathroom: very decent.Long lines during lunch hours, but almost worth the wait because the food is fresh and very good.
4	Great for when you're really craving Thai food! I tried this place out recently when I had a really intense craving for Pad Thai at work. I did take-out since I was on my lunch break and waited about 10 minutes for my food, not bad. I was pretty impressed by the decor and ambiance of the place, it didn't have that grungy non updated look that most Asian restaurants have. It was pretty packed when I went and most of the customers there were people who worked in the business complexes behind or near the restaurant. I ordered the Pad Thai lunch special that comes with an egg roll and wonton. The egg roll was bland and forgettable, and the wonton was basically a deep fried piece of wrapper with a pea-sized piece of meat in it. However, the Pad Thai was very flavorful and had the right amount of spice and sweetness to it. I just found out there is another Archi's location near my house, so I will definitely be trying their other dishes soon!
3	The atmosphere is a whole lot better than the Flamingo location so this is the place to go if you're not doing take out.  Our waitress was forgetful though.  My wife ordered white wine and she brought out red.  I wanted Chang's beer and she brought Singha.  We wanted 2 glasses of water (one with no ice) and she brought just one glass of water with ice.  That took my rating down a star.   We split a papaya salad at level 7 out of 10 spice.  It was refreshing and spicy as heck for me.  My wife ordered the green curry with tofu.  She always, always gets green curry.  The tofu was deep fried which complemented the curry very well and frying it makes sense so the tofu stays together in the hot broth.    I got the country curry with shrimp only because it had the most ingredients listed on the menu.  That had eggplant, mushroom, bamboo shoots, green beans, baby corn, basil, zucchini and a few other things in a red curry base.  I had that at spice level 5 which was a quality burn for me.  Definitely a quality Thai meal at a reasonable price.
4	I came here for lunch right as they opened at 11 am after hearing that this place fills up quick during lunch time -- and it does!I was not impressed with their lunch special selection. The price of $7.95 was decent for the amount of food you get, but they charge extra $1 for brown rice substitution. Really? Around thirty percent of the lunch menu was chinese food, and I don't come to a Thai restaurant to eat the goopy concoction that is sweet and sour chicken. They did not have Pad Kea Mow (drunken noodles) as part of their lunch menu. Bummer. I opted to skip the lunch menu and order my drunken noodles with chicken ($9.95) anyway. The portion was large and the taste and quality of ingredients used were superior to many other Thai restaurants. The chicken was cooked perfectly and was not dry -- a feat only few have been able to accomplish.The service was a bare minimum. There was no personal interaction; it was drop off your food/drink and quickly run off. I get it, it's busy... but you're doing well so stop being stingy and hire more wait staff. They never brought out Jessie B.'s hot tea, but it was on the final check. She did take it off, but that is carelessness and lack of service at its best.I'd come back for the food if in the area again, but I wouldn't rush off to drag people here from the other side of town.
5	Do yourself a favor and try the panang chicken curry.
5	This is my fav thai place in town! Their lunch specials are perfect and you get plenty of food. Two can comfortably share one lunch item. If not, you'll most likely have enough for lunch and dinner.
1	Worst Pad Thai I've ever had.  Flavor was flat and had an odd finish to it.  Picked it up to go and staff was friendly and even though I showed up late food was still nice and hot.  Disappointed that it wasn't very good because its so close to work, would have been my goto spot.
5	This is one of my favorite Thai restaurants ever. I'm really glad I know some local residents in Vegas!I really feel like everything here is good. For starters, try the papaya salad and beef salad. Both of these dishes are amazing! Also remember to get the Thai iced tea... it comes in a pretty big cup and it's delish!I've tried the Pad Thai, Pad Prik King, Pineapple Curry, Fried Rice, Tom Yum Soup, Pad Kea Mow, and Spicy Basil... ALL ARE GREAT! This review is simple because everything is seriously so good.
4	Good is out of this world!!!! The only thing somewhat disappointing was the service.
4	I have to admit, until recently I didn't even notice Archi's. Even though I've driven by it probably a few hundred times. It's not easily seen from the road. My sister is the one who pointed this place out to me. It looks like just a casual dining spot from the outside. There was quite a few awards posted up on the restaurant frontage and just inside. For some reason it felt more upscale & classy. I don't know if it's the nice shutters or the shiny wooden tables. Mind you, not upscale like a fine dining restaurant on the strip. But like it would be a nice place for a date night or a business lunch. I got a very nice and relaxed feel from the general decor.Prices were fairly reasonable. I did notice they have lunch specials for $7.95($1 brown rice sub). I will have to try lunch another time. We shared chicken Pad Kea Mow, shrimp red curry fried rice, pork spicy basil & won ton wrapped deep fried shrimp. Spiciness for each dish can be customized from 1-10. I went along with whatever my sister suggested, which was a 3. All the dishes tasted good. The spicy basil had good flavor, but not spicy at all. The pad & fried rice also were both good, but there was a nice kick of heat.Service was good. Prompt with taking orders and getting our food. Waters refilled constantly. Overall a nice experience. I will definitely have to return to try a few other dishes I eyed on this first dinner visit. Like the basil fried rice, larb and the various curries, to name a few.
4	one of the better quality Thai (not fine dining Thai food) restaurants i've been to...and surprised that its in vegas...vegas actually has really good food off the strip too!!!I wanted to try lotus of siam but was brought here by locals and i'm glad i got to eat at this hidden gem...good portions...a bang for your buck...the thai curry is pretty spicy, u get to pick your levels..and i dont recommend getting anything over a 7 unless u really like heat!!!pad thai was great..good sauce consistencycoconut soup was averagepapaya salad was spicy...pretty good but not a typical salad...good trythai ice tea - they give u a massive glass, i dont think there's refills
5	Clean, ample space and wicked great food! Having certain intolerances mentioned to our server she returned promptly to inform us our app should be changed. We opted for a delicious Veggie Soup and chowed on an amazing Yellow Curry with Chicken & Shrimp! A must stop joint!!
4	Team lunch today at Archi's Thai and the lunch entree did not disappoint.  They have items such as pad thai, red curry, kung pao, spicy basil, broccoli...select the entree with beef, pork, chicken, tofu, veggies or shrimp for only $7.95.  The lunch entree includes soup, side salad (which is very simple), egg roll and a pork wonton.I chose the beef red curry, level 5 (1-10), and I packed up 3/4 of my entree to go and shared that with Earl for dinner.  This red curry was delicious.  The beef was tender (thank goodness), and there were lots of bamboo shoots in here.  I also had the thai milk tea and it was potent and yummy.  Word of caution, it is filling.  I  believe the reason why I only finished 1/4 of my curry was because of this large glass of  concoction.  Service was quick, and we all were happy with our selection.Recommend!
4	It was my first time here and I would definitely come back!I had the green curry with shrimp #6 hot. I loved it! Wanted to drink it.My friend ordered the spring roll appetizer and it was just average.Can't wait to come back & try other items!
5	Have been here a few times with coworkers and it is beyond FANTASTIC.  Food is out of this world.  Lunch specials are great.  Best Red Curry I have ever had. Food is always amazing, service is great, in and out for lunch.  Nice atmosphere and the prices are great.  Unbelievable food.
4	I really like this place.  They have great food.  I usually order the spicy chicken basil.  They provide a number system from 0 - 10.  5 is pretty hot.  My friends who like hot, order the 5 level. You seem to get a little more food by dining in.  Recently they changed to smaller "to go" containers. The people there are friendly and helful. Their mochi is awesome.
1	Husband and I found hair in the mongolian beef.Hair was long and wrapped around the meat. Was really gross to make it worst we has almost finished eating it.  Server apologized and removed the dish from the check.
5	Archi's is yummmy! One of my favorite Thai restaurants in Vegas. They are pretty far from my house but definitely worth the drive. I usually order tofu and vegetable pad thai and the way they make it is out of this world! They use the perfect amount of sauce, have delicious tofu, and fresh vegetables. They have a drive thru pick up too which is super convenient!
5	Best Thai food in Vegas without a doubt. I've been in multiple times and everything has been amazing. Pineapple fried rice was very delicious and I don't wen care for pineapples. Their pad Thai is very delicious. Can't I wrong there. Their Panag curry was the best I've ever tasted. Making everything spicy just ups the level of amazing flavors. I will be back again and again. I can't wait to try more things on there menu. It is hard to stray from things I already love though. You won't be disappointed in this establishment at all. It is a win all around.
3	My friends raved about this but I actually didn't care for it. Maybe I need to give it another shot, or my friends are crazy. I think they're crazy, lol.
5	The vegetable panang curry and papaya salad were the bomb. Extremely flavorful. One of the best Thai restaurants ever. Great service. Wish this place was in the Bay Area.
4	Definitely the best so far that I've found in Las Vegas.  Clean restaurant, friendly staff. The green papaya salad and green curry was delicious.
5	We love Archi's! My husband wouldn't ever go out for Thai with me until he ate here. The Pad See Ew is excellent, and the Lad Na. There is a rice dish with tomatoes that I crave before I order, but I can never bring myself to order a rice dish in the midst of all the amazing entrees! The chicken satay is great, and I love their little sides of pickled veggies. Pad Thai is good, too. The curries are quite good. I love how they let you choose how spicy your dish is on a scale of 1-10, and it seems to run true to taste. I always look forward to trying something new and seeing what other people order, but it's hard for me to skip the beef pad see ew!
2	I have been hearing people wax poetic about Archi's for a number of years, but had yet to get around to trying their fare.  It is always hard for a place to live up to its reputation when the expectations are so high, but even taking that into account, while the experience and service was acceptable, the food was a huge let down.My co-worker and I went to the Rainbow location for lunch, and were greeted at the door by a short line of people and a 10-15 minute wait, which I took as a good sign.  Busy restaurants are usually really good restaurants so I never mind a short wait.  We were seated in a corner by the kitchen.  The overall service was perfectly acceptable for the lunch rush, with prompt drink service and consistent refills.  The server took our orders, and another employee came out to verify my co-worker's order just to make sure that it was correct.  I immediately mocked my co-worker for being complicated.  The wait for our lunch was a little long, but again that does not factor in to my rating as it was during the lunch rush.  Upon my order arriving, that's when the experience went downhill.I ordered their "Signature Dish", the Pad Thai with Chicken, with a requested heat level of '10'.  The dish was served with a pinch of salad\greens, and a spring roll.  It was also, unfortunately, served with a healthy heaping of raw sprouts.  Had they been cooked, no problem, but when they're raw, they're often nothing more than a snow white vehicle for e-coli.  I ate around them.  The spring roll was "OK" and the sauce was slightly sweet and just a touch spicy.  Then I dug into the heaping mound of noodles.The best I can say is that they were warm.  Barely.With random pockets of "kinda hot" and a chewy, overcooked texture.  The chicken seems to have been an endangered species for the dearth of pieces that found their way to my plate, and the overall flavor was just bland.  If the spiciness index of this plate was a '10' a '5' would probably put my taste buds into an irreversible coma and a '1' would perform a lobotomy through the roof of my mouth.  TL\DR, it wasn't spicy at all.  I really wanted to like Archi's, but if this is their "Signature Dish" I really don't know that I have much interest in trying any of their other dishes.  The service was acceptable, the staff was very friendly, the portions were large, and the price was OK for lunch, but the best description I can give to the food is "Mediocre Freezer Meal".  I've had vastly superior offerings at Pin Kaow.  Heck, even Mr. Chop Chop on the east side serves palatable, hot Thai food with a side show as their socially awkward offspring try to act as servers.  Sorry, Archi's, I probably won't be back...
5	my fav thai restaurant in town.
2	Chicken basil was very greasy and had almost no basil in it. I ordered spice level 7 and found it just spicy enough for my taste. I walked in and placed my order to-go around 8:30 pm. They were very prompt in making my order. It's just too bad it was so greasy. It gave me a tummy-ache later in the evening. This was my first time at an Archi's, and I probably won't venture to try it again.
4	Archis is my favorite local Thai restaurant. If I am hungry and don't feel like cooking, my usual first thought is call in Archis for pick up. The cucumber salad  and chicken pad Thai at a 5 is my normal order. Archis spice levels seem to be a little higher than other restaurants, so I would go a spice level lower the first time. I have never actually eaten at the restaurant, but would love to one day.
2	I had been hearing about this restaurant for some time, so we decided to finally come for dinner.  When we walked in, we were hit by a wall of freezing cold air.  This place was absolutely bone chilling on a cold October night!  Nonetheless, we decided we still wanted to give Archi's a try, so the host seated us. The servers didn't seem to establish who our designated server was, so two of them came to ask for our drink order within seconds of one another. We weren't ready to order our meals so both servers came by twice to ask if we were ready, and when we asked for a few more minutes, they both came back literally a minute later. I can appreciate the attentiveness, but to be approached four times for our order in less than three minutes was pretty excessive and annoying.When our waitress delivered our drinks, my Thai tea came with the straw wrapper submerged in the drink. Gross!  We ordered the Panang Curry and the Country Curry.  When the food came out, we saw that they mixed up our orders. We asked for steam tofu in the Panang Curry and fried tofu in the Country Curry, but they did the opposite.  Not such a huge deal though.  We didn't like the Country Curry at all, so we didn't finish it.  The Panang Curry, however, was quite delicious.Unfortunately, we won't be visiting Archi's again.  There are other Thai restaurants in the neighborhood that serve the same, if not better, dishes for a lower price.  We weren't fans of the ambiance or the uncomfortably cold temperature inside.  Next!
4	Just got out of meetings and wanted Thai food. Archi's is right down the street from the office so some of us host went to try it out. Love the Thai tea and also orders the Panang curry and papaya salad. Both were great and they give you the option of spice level which I love because I love my food spicy.
4	Like the background music inside. The Thai tea is bomb. Love the look of the restaurant. Food was really good. Service was good as well. Want to come back next week after my meeting. Give it a 4 1/2
4	The food was very good. The service was adequate. I was glad to be able to order a seafood salad and avoid all the rice. Generous portion of seafood. Gets the job done.
3	Not very impressed with the Pad Thai, funny after taste.. Can't ever go wrong with Thai Smile
4	USUALLY, I would give it a 5, but my recent experience made them lose a star!! I LOVE ARCHI's!!! Everyone I know, knows that Archi's is my favorite restaurant of all time. Unfortunately, my friend, whom I took for the 1st time, found a hair in her Arnold Palmer drink. They quickly took it back and gave her a new one but didn't really take responsibility for it until my friend asked them to and they took it off her bill. Everything else was good, but I think that ruined it for her. Out of all my friends, she was the only one that probably wouldn't go back. I'm still a lover of Archi's. I usually go to the Flamingo location, but it was convenient for our group to meet there. Also, a few years back, they only had one location. Now, they have 3. THANK GOODNESS!!!
4	Archi's is a small chain restaurant in Vegas that serves Thai food. They have an extensive menu, and they cook everything from a spice level 1 (not spicy) to a spice level 10 (my mouth is on fire!).The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food that is served. My favorite dish is the Pad Ka Pow, however, their Tom Kha soup is also tasty. On a chilly Autumn night, there's nothing like a bowl of warm Tom Kha. The hints of cilantro and coconut milk really make for a pleasant experience. Why 4 stars instead of 5? I made the mistake of ordering the Beef Salad, and the meat that came with it was quite fatty. Also, there service is 'ok', but not great.
5	Realy great service tonight. We always love to eat here.
2	We loved Archi's.  We always make a point to eat here whenever we are in Vegas.  This is our third time at Archi's.  We like the flavors and the prices were decent.  We ordered catfish curry and chicken penang.   Customer service was acceptable.  We waited about 20 mintues for our food.  When the food eventually came out, it was cold.  Both dishes were cold, not even lukewarm.  Both dishes was overly salty.  We had to ask the server to take it back and reheat it.  How can something take so long to make, and come out cold.  Was it prepared and just sat there and the servers just didn't bring it out?  Or the food was premade and they just dish it out?  Did the regular chef have the day off?    Needless to say, that will be our last visit to Archi's.  Its a shame.
4	I've been coming to the same Archi's for a couple years now. My neighbor MJ turned me on to this place. I've never had a bad experience and the food is always good. The service is good. 20 mins for a pickup. ..  Too many green onions and sprouts  and not enough noodles. .. Other than that,  the food is good!
5	The food is AMAZING!!! Best Thai food in town!! The coconut ice cream is incredible and the fresh coconut water is my absolute favorite!
4	Tom yum soup!!!!  Western/eastern decor, chill elevator music, nice service.  I ordered Tom yum, pan yang curry, pad that and they were all excellent :)
5	Ive been craving some excellent spicy fried rice and I finally got my fix. :) so worth the drive from east las vegas to spring valley. We ordered the lunch specials and I have to admit it was plenty of food. I really wanted to order a mango sticky rice but there just wasn't enough room.  thanks again for a great meal!
5	I was greatly surprised and pleased with my visit to Archi's. I really love their Pad Thai. They let you choose how spicy or mild you want. The soups are authentic. Portion size is generous and good service. Overall quality is great. I come back to Archi's whenever I can.My mouth is watering right now thinking about their Pad Thai...
1	Let me just state this to be clear: I have been here multiple times and I would typically give it 4 solid stars, but today I wish Yelp can give negative stars. I start this review by stating I will never, ever come back to the Bistro - Kitchen all the way! My husband & I got here at noon on the nose today and though it was pretty packed, we got seated quickly towards the back. A few minutes later a screaming baby came in - that should have been our sign to haul ass out of there but we were starved. Both of us ordered the same dish, the red curry with tofu, just at different spice levels - mine a 2, his an 8 (I don't even know how he does that, but I digress!) and very clearly, as the lunch specials have starters with meat typically, tell the waitress that if any starters have meat in them, please don't bring them. She repeats, "No meat!" and goes off to the kitchen. Ordering is almost 10 minutes into our sitting in the restaurant. During this time, a party of 7 come in (the ones with the kid screaming like a banshee notating our exact location in hell), and the couple next to us have left and have been replaced by another two guys. Still waiting. The guys next to us get served. And leave. And still no food and hardly any sign of our waitress. Around the 12:40 mark she comes out and says it'll be just another minute and half apologizes while trying to scurry away from our table. 12:43, our meal finally hits the table. Guess what folks? Both are red curries - with chicken. HOW DID SHE NOT NOTICE THIS?! It took a single glance to realize it was chicken - their tofu is very distinct and looks nothing like chicken. After a minute of disbelief, I have to flag down the waitress who assures me she said tofu - oh really?? Well it does not matter what you said but that's not what came out and you should have you know, looked at the dish you were about to serve. She apologized, ran back and served our spring rolls that came with the lunch while we waited. After 10 minutes she also offered some Thai tea but we were both not in the mood - I just wanted to eat and unfortunately this gesture did not make up for the fact that our food was late and she couldn't even glance down at the food she was serving. We finally get our correct dishes at 1 PM. The curry is decent as usual, but we were so ridiculously disappointed by this point and the busy restaurant we came into was completely cleared out. Yes, the party of 7 had left before we got our second dish. This kind of issue is completely inexcusable and I am sincerely amazed that they even bothered to give us a check after waiting so long AND screwing up BOTH orders. I really love their curries and their willingness to cater to vegans, but if this were my first time here I might have actually tried to eat the curry and I can guarantee I would have had a fit of epic proportions. The only good thing to come out of this is I'm going to learn to make Thai food at home. Goodbye Thai Bistro, you will never see my face again.
5	I have, since writing the original review of this place, tried many Thai restaurants including another Archi's. Archi's has been cemented as my favorite Thai place so far. The real meat of this update is as follows.I was pondering ordering an 8 or 9 spiciness the next time I came here according to my last review. I have long since discovered that if you convince them you really want it spicy, you just order a number higher than 10. Turns out they have a secret spiciness scale that goes up to 30.Be warned! The Archi's in Summerlin will give me a 30-spicy dish that is edible and delicious. This Archi's I can not eat past a 20. A 25 was ridiculous. I dare not venture to 30. However, if you are a fan of spicy food this will definitely get you what you're looking for.
5	great food and great service.
1	My guy and I been here lots. Friday night I had mixed vegetables w chicken he had chow mein w steamed tofu.went to sleep both woke up vomiting and extreme diarrhea. We had extreme food poisoning. He had salmonella I had bacteria and parasitic worms.both still not right . obviously this kitchen is cross contamination .we are so done with this place
3	Spicy eggplant, pad thai, and curry is pretty good.... My faves! Tom yum soup is a little sour for my taste. Service could be a little better and more prompt. I had to ask for water....... And a refill.  But at least they were nice.
4	Great Decor.Friendly staff.Order Pad Thai, spring rolls,panang curry,Pad Thai was greatSpring rolls were so-so. Do not confuse their Spring rolls with the Vietnamese Spring rolls. A big difference in taste and texture.Panang Curry was great.Great overall experience...but not perfect.Will return though.
3	I didn't have any expectations, having never been here before and hearing of it for the first time today. Going in with my usual gluten questions, I was a little disappointed that they had no idea what I was talking about. I saw that they offered rice noodles, so I asked to have that replace the rice, as most asian rices have gluten. The atmosphere was pleasant, nothing special. There was elevator music playing the whole time. The food took 32 minutes to reach the table. It wasn't very crowded, it was 7:30 on a Monday night. We didn't have a designated waiter, multiple people came to our table. I probably wouldn't come back unless for a special event or with others who plan on paying ;) The food was good but not the best, definitely not bad though.
5	Located in a great complex, Archi's is both convenient and offers great service. I have never had an issue with food or staff, and if frequent this dining establishment quite often. Although it's surrounding include highly competitive eateries, nothing compares to Archi's simple yet delicious Thai Dishes. Without a doubt, the Shrimp Pad Thai (spicy level 5) is my favorite Thai dish in town. Try it and you won't be disappointed
3	Great price, delicious food, slow servicePad See Ew with beef is a good go-to dish - generous, packed with flavorful, savory noodles. Had this with the pineapple fried rice and shrimp - also a great combination and taste. Presentation of the pineapple fried rice could be better but forget all of that - it was delicious. Mince chicken was packed with spices and flavor. It's a well done dish and delicious with the pineapple fried rice. Service was slow. Took a few minutes to be noticed at the front when walking in on a Friday night (the restaurant had many tables open). Took a while for them to come and take our order, check up on us, etc - I was surprised. Servers are nice - just slow. Bathroom is clean, so I trust that the kitchen is clean. Overall, this is my 3rd time and this restaurant is great. What brings the people is the quality of the food for the price.
5	One of the favorite Thai restaurants. Fresh quality food, great prices, friendly staff. The venue has nice decor and welcoming. I love the beef salad.
5	Ate here again today, still great, good food with good service.
4	Love to get take out from here.  Consistently good.  Portions on the small side on some items. I don't care for eating there....but it seems clean and they are staffed well. Not cheap...but fair.
4	Always ordered to go.Big heap on the curries and Tom Ka.But , they don't give much on the other entrees.. It's all about the qty.Ordered the spicy basil with ground beef, wrong choice, should've stuck with the ground chicken. But overall, they are alright.
5	OMG.... Very tasty! Had the Shrimp Pad Thai, Panag chicken and Seafood soup. Each dish was very good! Worth it!
5	They have the best Pad Thai I've ever had! The flavor is perfect. Their spicy goes from 1 to 10 and 10 is perfect for me. It's not inedible and it gives it the perfect flavor. The place can be a little cleaner, like the shutters need to be wiped down and a few ceiling tiles need to be changed out but the food is great and service is good. Prices are fair.
3	I had lunch at Archi's today.  It was ok, the service was good.  The food took a long time to get to the table, but tasted very good!  The silver noodle soup would be my recommendation for something to try there.
4	Came here earlier in the week.... sick and looking for comfort food.The chicken noodle soup (with no cilantro) was fantastic and hit the spot, shrimp pad thai was standard, and the ginger chicken was a safe tasty choice.Great customer service, no parking problems, no wait to be seated.If you're in the area and looking for thai food, I recommend dining in.If you're sick and looking for soup, I recommend ordering the chicken noodle soup... the broth made me happy :)Casual dining. Thanks Archi's!
5	I went here twice in one week when I was visiting family in Las Vegas! Their portions are enough to share with others (even their lunch plates)! Both times, my cousin and I ordered the Pad Thai and Panang Curry. Both were amazing and full of flavor! I've had pad thai many times before and sometimes it's just drowning in oil, but this was a perfect combo of everything.The service was great, and even at lunch when it's very busy, they do a good job getting you seated pretty timely. I'll definitely be coming back my next time in Las Vegas!
5	Always get their lunch specials and for years have failed to review then, sometimes even forget to check in as I'll do a quick pick-up for family lunch.  But boy is this place great.   Their red curry is phenomenal, #10 beef red curry hits the spot and their sweet and sour lunch specials regardless of meat choice is always spot on never being overly sweet.  As an appetizer their fresh spring rolls are killer.  This is definitely a top 5 food place in the valley for me.  5 stars for their food and service.
4	I decided to try for a quick lunch today, so I finally returned to Archi's after my first visit over a year ago. Funny thing is that it wasn't quick. It was ridiculously crowded for lunch and we actually had a 15 minute wait.Lunch specials are all $7.95 ($8.95 with shrimp, +$1 for brown rice). They have ten selections: pad thai, sweet and sour (a stir fry), fried rice, red curry, spicy basil (with ground meat), broccoli ____, pepper steak, pad pak, kung pao, and ginger ginger ginger. Yeah, that's the same word three times. Unfortunately, they didn't have pad see ew, which I kinda wanted to try, so I picked something else.First item brought out was the soup of the day. Apparently, today's soup is something of a hybrid between chicken noodle soup (without the noodles) and egg drop soup. I enjoyed it a lot and quickly, and then there was about a ten minute wait for the rest of the items as the kitchen worked to get my food together.My entree of choice today was the red curry, 2 of 10 on the spice level. I'm pretty sure a 3 would've tasted much the same, which is disappointing because I was trying to keep it even milder than I remember having my pad thai last time. I thought the red curry portion was reasonable, and the addition of zucchini to the standard bamboo shoots and bell peppers made it interesting, but it just wasn't as tasty as other places that I've tried. The lunch special also included a salad with some kind of sweet dressing, a fried wonton, and a veggie egg roll. Good, not great or anything.Water was still refilled early and often and the dining room was still aesthetically pleasing. However, the failure of the red curry to meet my standards means that I'm taking Archi's down from 5 to 4. Heck, it wasn't even that red. What were they thinking?
5	I was brought here by a friend for lunch. Let me tell you this was one of the nicest places I have been in Vegas. Very good service and the food was great. I will definitely be returning.
4	After stupidly not making reservations on Valentine's Day night, we were left driving around and found this little gem, which was relatively quiet. I was surprised with their beer menu, which had some very interesting imported stuff on it. Not your typical Thai restaurant offerings. We ordered the fried tofu appetizer - I've had better. The fried part barely made a thin shell. The tofu was very very soft on the inside - not other thai fried tofu I've had which was are cooked more thoroughly. I ordered the Thai Green Salad - nice combination of shrimp, chicken, and fried tofu, but the sad romaine lettuce left something to be desired. My partner ordered a curry, which was outstanding. Will opt for something a little more filling next time.Archi's...you get 4 stars nonetheless because your wait staff was nice, food came out relatively quick, and overall, it was not too shabby.
5	This is our go-to Thai place in Vegas. And it helps that its just down the street from us also! We have tried almost every dish on the entire menu and everything is very very tasty! Plus the portion sizes are HUUUUGE!
2	This restaurant  has amazing food and as long as the manager named Ping is not your server you will have an amazing dinning experience. If ping is your server you will be lucky to get a fork to eat with. The worst service ever!!!
4	Great food, ingredients are top quality, atmosphere is relaxing and clean. Their chicken pad Thai is awesome. Try the chicken wing to start meal.
5	It's difficult to put into words how great this little gem of a place this is!You walk in , are asked how many are in your party.  You then sit down and are listening to a variety of music that just harmonizes with the environment (from bach to techno).  You order (fried pineapple rice level 5) and 10 minutes later your food is hot and ready.  For some reason on every occasion that I've been here, I've never heard much noise other than people having a relaxing conversation.  There are no noisy children present!  so it's perfect for a date LOl.  I love children, but when you have some quiet and can actually enjoy what eat, gosh who can ask for better!  The prices are very reasonable.  The food is ridiculously delicious and carefully prepared.  It is said that customer service can make or brake a placeThe customer service here is great.  The staff seem very content (rare to see now a days) management has done well with the staff.
5	the first time i tried seafood and papaya salad and thai iced tea, the second time was cashew combination AND PAPAYA SALAD!!!, this place is really clean, beautiful people, delicious food!
4	Thai food! I hear this is one of the most popular Thai food spots in Vegas. The most popular goes to Lotus for sure. The atmosphere here is very nice and feels fancier than the spots I've been to. The service is on point and the menu has a lot to offer. We came here with a party of four and ordered for a party of 7. Each dish was well cooked and not overtaken by the salt. The prices were fair and the speed was pretty quick.The Tom Yum was good. Pad Thai was solid and not too dry. The chicken macaroni was delicious. The coconut ice cream sticky rice was solid. The food here is good and I'd eat it again if I was in the area.Recommendation: Chicken macaroni , pad thai , and coconut ice cream sticky rice
4	Trying this Thai place for the first time .  The Thai beef jerky is pretty good ,the atmosphere is a little stiff lol lots of people here but I feel like I am in a library everyone is so quiet lol  the Tom yum soup is flavored perfectly. Ordered pad see ew is so good and the Thai fried rice is perfect yummy. If you like Thai food come here it's a winner. Xoxox
4	Great food!We had the pineapple rice, papaya salad, red curry chicken and stuffed chicken wings... all great.2nd best Thai that I have had in L.V.... Lotus of Siam is still the best!
5	The food is simply amazing! I recommend the papaya salad and seafood tum yum soup....also the Thai iced tea!! I have dinner here at least 4-5 times a month.
5	I tried this place for the first time and all I can say Is I will continue to go back . Great food and great service . I will definitely recommend to all my friends and family.
4	Archi's has a lot of awards! Constantly recognized by Zagat, I wasn't surprised when the food was excellent. Large portions, accurate spicy level across the board, but a long painful wait on a Friday night :( Be prepared to take home leftovers!
5	Chicken Pad Thai lunch special spicy 6 once a week for the last 7 months... Do you want a review from me too??? The food is awesome, customer service is great, had a couple issues they always managed to somehow rectify 10x fold and make me happier than before. Highly recommend.
5	I'm a regular here. I usually eat in here with my family and the customer service is great. The sitting area is awesome. The seats and booths are very comfortable. Their thai iced tea is amazing, just wish they didn't put so much ice in it. Don't order to spict because medium is already really really hot for me I couldn't eat it, unless you're obsessed with spicy food go for it! The tom kha soup is so good. I usually order their tom kha coconut milk soup with chicken fried rice and two orders of pad thai. I do take out here a lot and every time I get there within the 20 minutes they said it would be ready I never had to wait for my food for a long time! They understand and speak English very well. The staff look very neat and cleanly. The restaurant itself is very clean with an A rating. It's at a great location, on Russel and Rainbow. It is located in the plaza where the Starbucks is, and next to a Flower shop.
5	Archi's is amazing! I have been getting take out from this place for quite a while and it has been great every single time. Although I have never actually eaten in the restaurant itself, I can still say that the service is great. They have always been very polite and answered any questions I've had about menu items. The food is absolutely delicious and consistent every time. Slightly pricey for take out, but definitely worth it!
4	Finally made it to an Archi Thai location!We started off with the Thai Iced Tea ($3.95). Good flavor tea here...a bit stronger than most. Large portion...not sure about refills, since I did not need one personally.  Yum!Thai Beef Salad ($10.95): Grilled Top Sirloin, Tomatoes, Red Onion, Green Onion, Cucumber, Cilantro, Romaine Lettuce, & Spicy Lime Dressing. The citrus flavor was not very strong in this dish...the beef was tender and flavorful though.  As far as Thai Beef Salads go, it was a bit disappointing.Pad Kea Mow ($9.95): Rice Noodles with Egg, Garlic, Chili, Bell Peppers, Onion, Bamboo, Mushroom, Green Beans, Basil & Thai Soy. This was very good, with a good heat behind my request. The pork was tender and delicious as well...recommended!With so many Thai choices in town, I can't say I will be back again anytime soon...but it is a solid choice for good thai food if you are in the area.
3	Great food but extremely slow lunch service. Had to wait 45 mins for our food today from the time our order was taken. We'll still be back, just extremely disappointed with the slow service. Only saw our waitress 1 time while waiting on our food.
1	For the second time, I got hair in my food. They seriously need to wear hair nets or something!!!
5	Hands down, best Thai food in Las Vegas.  This local is exceptional.  The other three locations are just OK to me.  Parking is awesome as usual in Las Vegas.My favorite dishes here are the Panang curry, Crab fried Rice, Tom Yum soup and the Tom Kha kai soup (coconut).  Also, gotta get a Thai Iced tea.  The prices are the typical you will find around the area.  Archi's Thai Bistro can get busy, especially during the lunch time, so the waiters/waitresses are always busy.  The spicy levels can get pretty hot for some people that aren't used to spicy food.  So, choose wisely.
4	I've finally started yelp-ing, but I have been to Archis on many occasions. I'm always satisfied!  I always seem to order similar things at Thai places (Thai beef salad, Tom ka ghai), so I love going with other people and trying things I wouldn't order myself. Basil fried rice was one of those things. Delicious!  I also love their lunch specials. Great deals!
5	Best thai food in the city! Start off with their thai iced tea.  Not sure what makes it different from others I've tasted, but it's always on point. Their dishes are also prepared to your liking with a spice level of your choice from 1 being the least spicy to 10. Highly recommend the chicken satay, pad thai, pad see yew, yellow curry, spicy egg plant (to name a few)
4	Great food, service can be a little slow. They lost my reservation but dinner was great so I forgive them.
1	Ok, I have tried this place one too many time with same bad result.FOOD good.SERVICE slow.SEATING break your wide hips uncomfortableGet booth and have plenty of time.
3	This location doesn't seem to be as consistent of the one near Summerlin.  I've eaten lunch at both enough to know.  While about 20% of the time the food is excellent, and spiced just right, about 40% of the time it isn't up to par for me.  This place has a mad rush at lunch time and it can take a while to get seated and eat your meal.
1	Food is good.SERVICE SUCKS.Every time I come here its slow. But this time the server (Pong) just plain didn't want anything to do with us. I asked for something and she rolled her eyes at me.Took literally 12 minutes to even come back to our table we had empty drinks the whole time. There was probably like 2 other tables so it was dead. Never felt so unwelcome at a restaurant before.Order food to go.That's your best bet.
4	I love Archi's. The service isn't stellar, but I go there for the food. I had the red curry tofu with brown rice (lunch special), and everything was excellent, even the side salad... very crisp and fresh.I even enjoyed their coffee, and I didn't have high expectations of coffee in a Thai restaurant.Thumbs up every time for Archi's!
4	Maybe they have been reading their reviews lately about great food and less than stellar service. I have dined and gotten taken out too  many times to count here and yes service was a growing concern of mine. Dined her tonight and service was better than it ever has been. It was an off time, but I've been at a slow time before and have had slow service. Tonight everything was just great, really good food as always and tonight the service was there to match!
4	Great food. There was an issue with my order but it got fixed right a way. I enjoyed the country curry. And the staff was nice and helpful.
4	The Pad Thai is really good.Great food.  My favorite Thai restaurant after Lotus of SiamGood service, but can be so so when they are really busy.Go early at lunch time
4	Went for the first time today and ordered the pad Thai and curry fried rice! It was yummy
1	No sense of urgency. The staff will leave you standing at the door waiting to be seated with with half the restaurant empty. SMH.  Food is good, but service lacks. Kinda disappointing especially with a restaurant sporting so many "awards".
3	I used to absolutely adore this place. To my great disappointment, it is no longer the same. The Pad See Ew used to be killer with black flecks of caramelized goodness on the noodles and has now been reduced to pale noodles with Chinese broccoli so crunchy it was practically raw. Is there a new chef or something? It's been this way the last 2-3 times.
4	We wanted Thai and this place is by our house. We usually go to Pin Kaow but we wanted to try something new. We arrived Archi's almost 9 pm (kitchen closes at 9:30) and right when you open the door you're greeted by their awards-- that definitely set the expectation high! Very clean place, it didn't smell funky (thank God), it was dim intimate lighting (good for dates), and it wasn't too loud so you can have a convo. while you eat. I read their service is bad but they were welcoming towards us and the rest of the guest who arrived pretty late. They checked up on us if everything was alright and refilled our drinks without asking-- definite plus!Ordered Thai tea, came in a pretty huge glass. NICE they're not stingy! Unlike Thai places in LA: where it comes in a skinny glass with more ice than Thai tea! And speaking of not being stingy-- rice was free!We ordered: beef pan ang, spicy pork basil, and chicken pad Thai. Everything was a thumbs up except.... The beef pan ang, that was mehhhh.. The beef was over cooked and tough. I like tender beef, flavorful and easy to chew on. Cooks may have cut corners and used already cooked beef...I'll have to try this place again but around 7pm, maybe the beef will be cooked better. Also there was a party of 3 that came in right at 9:30 pm (kitchen is closed). They still welcomed them, so I don't know where the bad service is coming from. Overall I recommend this place. Good service, good food, and theyre not stingy (4 boxes of leftovers). Definitely cheaper than Pin Kaow by like 2 bucks.
5	Best Thai good in town!! I LOVE Archi's! I usually go to the Sarah & Ft Apache location, but I went to this location one night and for once, when I ordered a #10 spicy, they actually gave me the full 10. Heck yeah!!
5	I am a regular here and have never been disappointed. The Massaman curry is outstanding. Everything I've had is, actually.
5	Love this place ! FoodIs so authentic and the service is not bad at all ! Definitely recommend this to everyone
2	So the food is good. Pad Thai is awesome! But the garlic chicken has a really strong garlic taste, can't event taste the chicken. It's like do u want chicken with your garlic? While the food is good, the service is not great. Not once did the server come by and asked if we were okay. Our drinks were empty for quite sometime before we got a servers attention for some refills. All in all it's good but just don't expect 5star service from this place
5	Best Thai ever! Always looking for another Thai place to remind us of our favorite spot in Vegas and it's hard, no one will ever compare! This is said having been to Thailand!
1	Let's see- enter 5 min before 12, seated 10 min later-- 20 minutes to order 2 drinks- soda and a water, 36minutes to order food- 2 lunch specials- we've been here AN HOUR and NO lunch yet. -- had to ask for it to go, waited OVER an hour and NO lunch- for 2 lunch specials. No staff checked on us, no apology for there Extremely slow service . Yet I had the pleasure of paying the 20$ bill for an hour waiting- not to even eat in. Avoid , go to another Thai place.
4	As Thai locations go this has become one of my favorites. We got seated right away and the servers were attentive the whole time. Drink glass never empty. If any one knows me that is a key detail for me. Curry was good and since I like a little heat I was not disappointed. It was some time ago we went so I am not sure what else was ordered. We had a good meal and were served well.
5	For real? I've never reviewed Archi's? This is my family's go-to Thai Restaurant. We have NEVER ordered anything here we didn't love. The service is quick, quiet...yes, but whatever. Their food is amazing. We ALWAYS order their spicy eggplant dish (you can choose chicken, beef, pork, tofu, shrimp to go alongside it) and some type of curry. Which curry? Couldn't tell ya. We've tried them all and ALL have been delicious. Their pad thai is also delicious. I've been to other places where their pad thai can be a bit too dry, but not Archi's. Perfect every time. Their pineapple fried rice is also another dish that will hit every spot imaginable in your body. SO GOOD. Also, you have to get their mango sticky rice. Just do it. You'll cry. Because it's that good.
5	Lotus of Siam might have more menu items and stronger reviews -- some food critics call it the best Thai food in America -- but Archi's runs a VERY close second in my book for the best Thai restaurant in Vegas. In fact, I probably go to Archi's 2-3 times more often than Lotus of Siam. After all, Archi's Thai Bistro is located in a nicer building in a better part of town and you can usually walk in and get a table right away at dinner time (lunch time on weekdays can get really busy, though). Archi's food is also some of the best Thai cuisine you'll ever taste combined with exceptional service and very reasonable prices. My personal favorites are the Thai Beef Salad, Pad Thai, Num Tok and Pad Prik Pow. Some of the menu items can be pretty spicy, but like most Thai restaurants, you can customize the spice level on a scale of 1 to 10. The servers are also extremely quick to refill your drink, usually doing so when your glass becomes half-empty.I always visit the location on Rainbow and the 215, but Archi's also has a couple other locations (one on Flamingo between Jones and Torrey Pines and the other on Sahara between Grand Canyon and Fort Apache). If you love great Thai food, you can't go wrong with Archi's.
1	It's normally 5 stars for me but their service was awful today!!! We waited 15 minutes to get water when we got seated at the same time as another couple. What sucked was that we also waited 15 more minutes than the other party that was seated to get food! All this waiting only to wait again for the check. We came at 4pm when it wasn't busy at all and there were only 3 tables seated. What were they doing? Our food came out cold but was still delicious. If the poor service wasn't enough when they came to give us the receipt they forgot to give us our credit card back. What's going on guys? The service has even getting worse and worse.
4	In a sea of mediocre Thai restaurants, Archi's is by far my favorite.  Although the service is especially lacking from my recent encounters, like a dumb, jaded lover that's repeatedly been cheated on, I just keep coming back.  Yes, the food is that good.  Consider the one lacking star a love tap.  Archi's, you've gotta step up your customer service game.  I love your succulent food, with it's moist Pad Thai and curry that could make me consider leaving my husband if a choice were to be made...but you have to change your ways.  Please amp up your service team, especially when you know there's going to be a herd of hungry office workers knocking on your doors between the hours of 11 and 2pm on a busy Monday afternoon or when we're lusting for you after a shitty day at work.  I know this doesn't sound like a good review, but if the service is that bad, but the food is that good...well.....you know how it goes.  Perhaps we will keep our relationship as strictly take out.
2	Came here on a recommendation, but will not be back. Service was ridiculous. Apparently only one guy can take your order, but plenty of other staff can float around cleaning the same table. Food was good, but not enough to go back and wait 30 minutes to order. My husband opted for brown rice and then got hit with a lovely $3 surcharge on our bill. Would've been great to know that upfront.
4	Wow definately a fan of this Place. The Chicken Fried Rice was amazing. It was just enough sweet to make it a dish that will never leave my mind. Everything else was great to and I cant wait to return and try some more items on the menu.  The Drive-Thru Pickup on phone orders is defiantely a unique part of this establishment even though walking in is ver yeasy the Everyone is so nice there!
5	I'm a big sucker for flavor and this place defiantly  swept the ground of  my feet. I went once for dinner which was delicious service was excellent and food was beyond delicious, I ordered lunch which was very reasonable and delicious , would love to recommend this place as its value for your buck and its a treat for your mouth :-)
4	Very good food, decent prices, nice atmosphere!! Service is hit or miss, never terrible though or rude, but at least the quality of the fresh tasting ingredients they use in their dishes makes up for it!!! Love this place!! Been here too many times to count...
4	Holy shit the portions are HUGE. Literally 2 extra dinners in every dish I ordered (that will vary depending on your appetite obviously LOL). I ordered the thai tea, pad thai, yellow curry, and pineapple fried rice. The pineapple fried rice was bomb, something I'm going to order every time I come back (yes, i'll be coming back haha). The pad thai was bursting with flavor, and the yellow curry was delicious. Side note, the yellow curry was actually beige and not that true yellow tint you'd expect but it's no biggie haha. Only con is that service is a bit slow.
1	It's crazy how many people rave about this place. I'm Thai and I do not like this place! I've come about a handful of times trying something new each time. Food is just OK but have never left satisfied with my food! Go down the street to pin Kaow!
4	Beware, it's addicting.  Everyone I take here requests to come back...again, and again, and again!  Tip: Phone in your order ahead of time to avoid waiting.
4	Went to Archis a couple of nights ago for a girls night dinner. We tend to be drawn to Thai, and after hearing that they are accommodating to vegans I had to stop in. The portions were generous and the food was great. I had the spicy eggplant dish and the pad kea now, both were excellent. I left with plenty of leftovers and a full stomach!
5	Love this place! Only Thai restaurant I go to. They have huge portions. The only dish I eat is chicken pad Thai.
5	Thai food and a lunch date with Jessie B!! What a recipe for a great time! Jessie had been telling me about this amazing Thai place. Archi's did not disappoint. They open at 11am and when I got there I was surprised that there werepeople waiting to get in. We were quickly seated. It was already getting packed with a lunch crowd. Archi's has an excellent lunch menu with equally awesome prices. I picked their signature Pad Thai with beef spicy level of 3 and Jessie ordered their Ginger, Ginger, Ginger. Our orders came out quickly. The soup they served with it was interesting, not my fav, but it was ok. When my Pad Thai came out I was shocked at how much food it was! They even included a little salad and an egg roll! Yummy! I really enjoyed the tender beef and sauce was just right and not overly salty. Next time I'd up the spice to a 5 cause 3 just wasn't enough kick. Jessie's lunch looked even better then mine cause it had a lot of veggies that I like including the little corns. The staff was friendly and quick. I can't wait to go back and order the Ginger, Ginger, Ginger! I'm a sucker for those tiny corns. I wish they had a closer location in Henderson. Yay Archi's!
5	Consistently good. The spices are there the freshness is there. They are a little pricier than other Thai restaurants but quality is great. Outside as you walk-in always smells good.
5	I give it  4.5 stars. Have been here many times for dinner or pickup and the food is outstanding. Highlights: Pad Thai, Tom Yum/Ka Chicken. Minor disappointments: Beef Salad, Yellow Curry
5	We often come for lunch to get the special lunch menu.  The food is always so fresh and the flavor phenomenal.   The fresh cut spring rolls are a perfect appetizer to share while everyone else gets the special meal.  The spicy basil or the pad Thai are must try meals.    They have a 1-10 scale but they are hotter than most so go lower if the spice is not your style.   Enjoy !
5	I've tried most of the curries and they are all good!  The pad see ew is awesome! The menu is so extensive you can order a different dish every time. I've never had a bad meal here. The service is fast and friendly!
5	We go here at least once a week! I recommend the beef salad, tom kha soup, panang, pad se ew or pad kea mow, spicy eggplant with beef, spicy basil chicken, pad woon sen, and of course chicken pad Thai! Honestly you can't really go wrong with anything else on the menu, but the ones I listed our our favorites that we recommend to our friends when we bring them here. Recommendation: don't just go for the typical stuff like fried rice, Mongolian beef, sweet and sour, etc. They are good, but you have to try the ones I listed too! This place is always busy btw.
4	Excellent food, but minus one star for bad service. However, my Thai friend told me that bad service IS the authentic Thai experience.  As an Angeleno, it is very hard to impress me because there is such wonderful authentic Thai food in Los Angeles. Archi's Thai Bistro comes close to the bold Thai flavors that I am used to. On our last visit, my favorite person and I ordered chicken pad see ew and a minced chicken chili basil dish. The dishes were cooked to perfection with the right amount of spiciness (and we like our food pretty damn spicy). The pad see ew was not too sweet, was not cheap on vegetables, and did not have gamey tasting chicken. The chili basil dish was scrumptious as well. All in all, this meal paired well with the Thai massage that we had gotten after working long hours in the hospital!
4	Friend of mine brought over some take out from Archie's. The food included panang chicken curry, kra prow, and pad Thai. The food was definitely solid. For someone who loves Thai food this was some of the best I had ever had. The panang curry was spicy with a hint of sweet from the coconut milk, and the kra prow was on point with spicy hints and sweet basil. The pad Thai was some of the best I have ever had.I will be returning to Archie's if I am on that side of town and have a craving for good Thai food, that is for sure!
4	Fresh coconut juice was 10/10.The Panang Curry level 2 was perfect, one of the best I've had in Vegas. Tried Chicken Larb, a little bit gritty, won't order again. Service was very attentive. I'll be a regular here.
4	Went in for lunch early (as it does get busy.)  Ordered the Basil Chicken, 7 hot (but felt more like a 4-5.)  The food was good and the service was quick.  Would definitely recommend and would definitely go again.  I would get the 10 hot next time though.
4	One of the best Pad See Ew I ever had. Spice was perfect and rice noodles weren't mushy. Spicy eggplant was ok, eggplant was mushy, pork was good, spice was good. I liked the basil in it. Huge Thai ice tea. Atmosphere was good, very comfortable seats. Will definitely be back, not bad value and good food.
5	The first time I came in to Archi's I honestly thought I had been transported to some adorable cafe in a tropical place with comfy seats and plantation shutters. But this was Thai so I didn't get it.NEWSFLASH: It's like delicious Thai food in a super comfortable setting..which is not always the case.The Chicken Satay is always my starter. That peanut sauce you get with it, oh man oh man! I then usually stick with the Basil Beef #1 level spicy because I am a little baby and can't handle any spice. A friend of mine was under the impression she didn't like Thai, until I brought her here. Guess what??!!  After she had the Pad Thai, she was HOOKED. A week later, she insisted we go back. I try and tell people that I have stupid good taste in food, but it's like pulling teeth to get people to believe!THANKS ARCHI'S for not making a liar out of me!
4	My son and husband absolutely love this place! Husband's faves are the papaya salad and tom yum, while my son and I are huge fans of their pad see ew and their beef fried rice. Service is always great, servers are always nice and prompt. First time I had red curry was with this place and it instantly became a favorite of mine. Would love to try more of what they have to offer in future visits :)
5	I'm from San Francisco where we have plenty of great Thai Food. I rented an exotic car in Vegas an while driving around got the hankering for some Thai and through Yelp ended up at Archi's... FAVORITE Thai spot to date. The pricing for what you get is amazing. I've never taken leftovers from a Thai food place but here I only finished half and spent the same as I would have here in the Bay Area. Can't wait until the next time I go back so I can make my return to Archi's Bistro!
2	WHAT HAPPENNED? This used to be one of my favorite place. Yes the portions are much bigger now but the taste is so much differrent. We ordered beef pad thai I am very familiar with thai food and this was not even close to the taste of what they had before. It  didn't taste  peanuty and it was a bit too sour, The beef was tender but it felt gritty there was some after taste too. The thai ice tea was a bit strong too.It used to be smooth and creamy to the taste. The appetizer with Chinese sausage was good  it is a new taste for me. They were nice enough to take out the  pad thai from our order . I was kind of disappointed because pad thai is a very basic and important to the Thai restaurant menu. The prices were great for the portions of food they give but the taste was a little off. Great ambiance  but I just want my pad thai more authentic. Thanks I also ordered sukiyaki but the server said I did not order or he did not hear me.I waited and waited to find out that he did not put the order in.( We ended up eating somewhere else because i was really hungry after this.
4	One of my favorite Thai places in Vegas. Sure it's a bit mainstream for you hipsters, but their food is good. I also look through the menu even though I already know what I'm getting, just in case I change my mind. I always run across a dish called Pad Cha Cha Cha. I am never sure what to do... I get confused as to whether I should eat it or dance with it... What makes it different than the others? You definitely get the taste and the bang for your buck all in one. 8.95 for a Pad Thai or any of the other popular dishes. I didn't even finish mine because the portions were big. They didn't give me a lime though :( The spicy level goes from 1-10 here. For those of you who know Thai food, a lot of places have 1-5. I understand that there are a couple of other Archi's in Vegas, but I haven't been to them all. I'm sure they all slightly differ considering the cooks are different. For those who don't eat Thai and don't know what to get... Here are some of the basics:Stuffed Chicken Wings ; Pad Thai ; Pad See Ew ; Tom Yum Kai ; Combination Fried RiceAny of those, especially here at Archi's, you have to get those.My justeatit rating: IEatThaiFoodSoMuchINeedVarietyInThaiToo#justeatitgirl
5	I'm not into Thai food, but everyone else in my family is. We've been going to Archie's for years. We used to drive up from Henderson to the place on Jones. We live in Mountain's Edge now, not far from the place on Rainbow. The food is excellent, according to my family. I usually opt for Pad Thai, soup and Freid Rice.
5	Let me just say this... If you like Thai and are in vegas....go here! Foods always great! service is good! Ive always enjoyed it.. This place have been around I would say 15yr it used to be a drive thru on flamingo and jones area
4	I had an awesome first time experience at Archi's Thai Bistro. I admit my expectations coming in were low only because many Asian restaurants in Vegas have disappointed me thus far. With that mindset, I was pleasantly surprised with Archi's Thai Bistro.The wait staff was very friendly. I came here to catch up with an old friend, so we had a lot of chatting to do. Despite this, the waiters were present for the perfect amount. They were quick to take our orders, refilled our waters without us asking, and checked on us without interrupting the meal and conversation incessantly. The best part is the food portions. For $9 I received a humongous plate of shrimp pad thai. However, the quality of the pad thai was not the best. The noodles were not cooked to the perfect consistency and they were really small and thin in size. The ratio of shrimp to noodles was not very high. Despite the negatives, the pad thai still tasted good, and I had enough to take back home for 2 more meals. To be honest though, if price is not an issue and quality is much more important than proportions, there are better and much pricier places to go to in Vegas (such as Lotus of Siam). But the food isn't bad, and I can still see myself coming back. I also ordered a Thai iced tea. It's really sad to say that my expectations in Vegas for Asian cuisine is so bad that I didn't even expect the Thai iced tea to turn out well, but it was good. Tasted exactly what I expect Thai iced tea to taste like, and it wasn't served in a dinky little cup where all the liquid could be finished in 1 large gulp. Eh hem, take note Lotus of Siam, NAGA, and QQ Boba. The cleanliness and ambiance of the restaurant is very pleasant. The lighting isn't too bright or too dim; I often feel like Asian restaurants are too bright while Western ones are too dim, so it was perfect here. A nice soft glow. The facility is well kept, tables and booths non-sticky, bathrooms clean. It may be a little difficult to find since it's in the middle of a little plaza, a little ways from the big intersections. Archi Thai is across from a bank, north of Cracked Egg, and south of Dunkin Donuts. All in all, I'd come back to sample other items.
2	The food here is good. Sad to say though, I will never go back after the terrible service they give. Now I am used to the unfriendly servers here and the fact that they never check on you to see how your food is, that stuff didn't matter because I really enjoyed the spicy basil beef here. However, the last time my husband and I went here we sat for 20 minutes and no one took our food order. I ended up just sitting a 5 on the table to cover my drink and we left. I can deal with mediocrity where service is concerned, but outright ignoring two people sitting in your restaurant? No thanks. Never again.
4	I absolutely love this hidden Thai food paradise. The menu is very VEGAN friendly. The lunch special is by far the best I have found in Las Vegas in this LOCAL category.The only draw back is that DO NOT try to drop in around Noon without thinking your going to be waiting for a table. As I said above the lunch special is a hit and that being said the surrounding 9-5 workers make this a hot spot.
4	Love this place.  It might be my new favorite Thai restaurant. My bf and I came here once before, both time the place was packed, and liked it..came back ordered different things and really enjoyed it...try the pineapple fried rice with chicken..it has a curry flavor...so if you like curry youll LOVE this.   I had to knock off 1 star because we both ordered 6 for spice level..mine came out a perfect 6 while his was barely a 3. Still good though.
4	I always go to the Rainbow and Sunset location. The people are always friendly and the food is always on point! I always get the panang curry level 5 with added potatoes and the pad see ew level 5. Soemtimes, I feel adventurous and will try something else,and it is usually very good. This location is very clean as well
4	I'd give this place 5 stars based on the taste of food, because it's great. My favorite place out here so far. However this place loses a star because when you order for pick up, you get very little food. Disappointing for the price you pay. You almost want to eat in the restaurant every time because only then do do you get the amount of food you pay for.
4	Came here on a recommendation from a friend. It isn't easy finding a decent Thai restaurant southwest of the strip, but glad I stopped here. Beef panang is pretty good. The silver noodle salad has good flavors, even better if the noodles are allowed to soak up all the dressing overnight. I've only ever ordered take out, so no review on the service.
4	I usually get the beef and broccoli every time I go there I think the consistency is better at the rainbow location myself
3	Food is great. Prices are not bad. Not too many options on the menu though. The service was so-so. Go there for the food not the service. Seating is booths with a move able table or 1/2 bench seating and chairs with arms or tables with chairs with arms.
4	I had looked over my past reviews and felt compelled to write an update as it has been several years since my last visit, literally.I have to admit I let the one, although pretty bad, experience keep me from dining at Archi's for quite some time.  I returned only because my girlfriends wanted to meet for Thai and I wanted to enjoy their company.  I'm glad I went!The place was packed around 1pm (assuming most diners were from the office spaces surrounding ).  It had a great energy and service ran smoothly considering the rush.  The lunch specials they had to chose from all looked amazing and was a pretty good deal.  I decided on the chicken red curry lunch special and a thai iced tea.  The special came with a soup and egg roll.  I found the portion just right for $8.  The red curry had just the right amount of spice but the flavor was out of this world!  The ingredients were fresh and chicken broke apart easily (not chewy!) I love Thai iced tea but thought it was a little too much on the sweet side.  Overall, I enjoyed the lunch special and will return soon! 4/5 stars bc the Thai tea was too sweet and I found the soup (side on the special) was a bit generic in flavor..
3	Came in during lunch hour. During lunch time it comes with soup, eggroll, and fried wonton. We got I think fried pork wonton, fried tofu, and pad thai. It was pretty reasonable price about $8 a dish. Spice level isnt as spicy as other thai places ive been too have been.
3	Always good food here. But servers are not really friendly and no smile! But the bus persons are really nice and helpful, so tip the bus and forget the servers!
1	1st time trying Archie's . After decorating plates next door at color me mine.  The food tasted very good until the MSG kicked in.  Hydrating all night and nasty after taste of the MSG.  You should have BIG BOLD print informing people you use it.
4	This is a very good spot for lunch. There is usually a crowd if you arrive much after 11:30. I love their Pad Thai with either shrimp or chicken.  Their lunch specials are very reasonable priced.
3	When we arrived. Lights were too bright, did not look inviting, did not feel like a dinner setting. The person who took our drink order, looked like he did nor want to be there and did even try to sell the drink products. This restaurant needs more booths and more privacy, you can hear everyone's conversation. Dinner was good, but the dessert was good, but we wanted monchi and they did not have anything but coconut with ice cream, even though they have it in the menu picture. They said they did not sell it anymore.  I hope they improve services, prices were good.
4	I work next door to this business, it's always busy "that says a lot" I love the chicken panang curry it's so delicious!!! If you want to beat the lunch rush I highly suggest that you come before 12:30 or call for a take out order. I gave it a 4 star because they have a waitress that is not so friendly to our table whenever we come and we use to go once a week!
4	I had this spot 2 days in a row. The first day I had the beef basil with rice while my friend had the beef pad Thai. The beef and basil is one of my favorite Thai dishes. Archis makes their beef a little bit different than I'm used to, however it ended up being better. Instead of throwing in chunks of meat, they instead pounded it so that it almost had a ground beef (but not) look to it. The texture was very soft and the taste was on point. I like things pretty spicy, an 8 here isn't too spicy, next time I'll do 10My friend is a very picky eater, so picky last time we had Thai, he got chow mein. I had him get the pad Thai this time and he loved it so much he had it both days in a row.My second trip I got the kung pow chicken/shrimp combination. Again, it was on point. The prices here are reasonable for the quality of food you are getting. I'd highly recommend this place if you like Thai, or are interested in having Thai for the first time.
2	I was impressed at first. Ordered as an app, Thai eggrolls a beef salad and padsee ew..except, over half the beef of the salad was fat. The eggrolls didn't come first and the padseeew took long to come out. We were acknowledged only once. Food was so so.. Too bad it could have been better.
5	Excellent food I am happy that my son did research and choose this place service is great
5	I love this place. I really wish they have one in OC. All I know is that everytime I come to Vegas, I have to stop by every single day I am in town. Everyone I recommended this place to rate them a 10+. I recommend the Pad Thai, Pad Se Ew, Prok Fried Rice, Beef Salad & Papaya Salad. To die for. The prtions are supe generous too. Most importantly, everything is super Fresh and quality meats.  For desserts, try the coconut ice cream with sticky rice, yummy!
5	Their food is like CRACK!!!  Best Thai food in the city hands down. Pineapple curry and Pad Thai are amazing. Love their service and quality!!
5	Super! Tried their Panang chicken and Chicken Satay - both delish and tasty! Panang chicken curry was so creamy and bursting with coconut curry flavor with just enough heat to make your taste buds tingle - not over powering by any means. Chicken satay comes with a creamy thick peanut dipping sauce, again super tasty - ordered an extra serve of rice as they didnt have a dinner portion.  Both dishes were enough for two and still had some left over.
