1	Horrible customer service from the owner (the man with the white/gray hair). He treated me rudely and threw the shoe in the box and grabbed it away from me before I could aak for another size. I only asked for one size of one shoe while others were asking for tons of shoes and sizes. He was horribly rude to me and my mom. Not worth buying from there.
4	Woah, sorry others had a not so great experience here. I on the other hand came in here twice while shopping in the Forum shops. Great looking shoe store with reasonable prices and a very nice selection. They had some really cute handbag's as well. Most prices are under $100 a pair, with some very nice stylish high heels for under $50, wedges, stiletto's, pumps, etc...in many colors. I did buy a few pair, actually went back the next day to get another pair that I could not get out of my head from seeing. Solid color's, bling, and more bling. Very nice casual sandals as well. Service was good, they give you your space until you need them. Not pushy at all and for this I was happy. Good store and so convenient to check out especially when your feet need saving from all the walking.
4	I love shoes. and shoooz!  However it is spelled, shoes are addicting!I have been to all 3 locations (here at Forum, in Paris, and at Venetian) but I really like this store.  It has a nice layout and is easily accessible from the Self Park garage.  Shoooz carries a lot of my favorite brands including Onex and Dezario, as well as Sofft, B. Makowski, and other high end arsty shoes and boots.Having been successful at this location prior in the sale section, I went there first.  No luck this time, but of course they had the shoe I was specifically looking for, a black sparkly Dezario that is very similar to the one I got on sale a year ago (I own it in gold AND silver and wear them at least three times a week) but has a new design twist.  I figure if I wear those often enough, I will definitely wear the black (and my old black and silver shoes I was wearing yesterday happened to be on the way out).I also needed a thong sandal since mine were recently casualties to a muddy elephant farm in Chiang Mai.  I ended up with low heel Sofft brand patent ones with a very unique design, nice enough for work even.  I forgot my salesperson's name but she was great.  I also entered to win a pair of free Onex shoes (what a perfect sweepstakes for me!) and a pair of O Gringo boots, some high end boots with Swarovski crystals.This is a great place to fulfill your shoe or shooo desires!
