5	We were in luck today and got to try a preview of Cheddar's.  If you live in Chandler like we do, then you've probably also driven by this place 100 times, patiently waiting for its opening.  Shouldn't be too much longer... as in next week... first week in April.  Cheddar's is on the same plot of land as the former Redfish and Royal Buffett.  However, Cheddar's was smart and had the old building torn down.  They've built a new structure, exactly how they want.  It looks great inside and out; my kids loved the large fish tank.Being in training mode, the service was A+.  We had multiple managers stop by asking how everything was and our server was great too.  We had no issues and everyone was friendly.  I so hope they stay this way when they finally open their doors.We tried two appetizers: chips & homemade queso and the homemade onion rings.  Five stars for both.  My picky 3 year old actually enjoyed the queso.  My wife and daughter said the onion rings were the best they've ever tried.  Not greasy at all.  I had heard good things about both and they did not disappoint.  If you like onion rings, you must try these for sure.I tried the baby back ribs and my wife tried the philly cheesesteak.  While I absolutely loved the ribs, my wife said she'd probably skip the philly next time.  She said it wasn't bad, just not one of the better sandwiches she's had.  My ribs were much meatier than similar orders from Chili's or the Outback.  If I ever crave baby back ribs again, I'm going to Cheddar's.  I also had a baked potato (average) and buttered off-the-cob corn (decent).  My boys tried the mac and cheese, which they said was good, but would have preferred without the breadcrumb topping.  Their sides were the apple and yogurt medley, which they thought was the dessert!  My daughter likes a lot of different foods (unlike her picky brothers), so she could have had anything on the kids menu and been fine with it.   I had her try the chicken tenders (which I had also heard good things about).  They are excellent!  I'm not going to lie, I tried a bite, or two, ok maybe three!  They are hand-breaded and clearly one of the best things on the menu.  I know I will be ordering the full size entree in one of my future visits.  Her side was french fries, which were seasoned and cooked perfectly.As for prices, take your typical Chili's or Applebee's menu and subtract a dollar or two from everything.  Not a bad deal at all.  When you add in the quality of the food (items being made in-house, etc.), there is no comparison, Cheddar's is the clear-cut winner.  I can already picture this place on a Friday or Saturday evening... good luck trying to get in.  Overall, Cheddar's has great food at good prices.  This family of five will be back for sure.
4	I have been waiting for this place to open for a while now, so as soon as I found out it was finally open I cancelled my dinner plans and came here instead. Being opening week I know not to expect the service to be perfect so my 4 stars are only for the food. If I had to rate the service there would most definitely be less stars. These people are running around like chickens with their heads cut off. They kept bringing people things they never ordered multiple times,  and the waiter didn't even know what sodas they had.On to the food, my boyfriend ordered the half rack of ribs with the chicken tenders. The ribs were so delicious, they were juicy and the meat fell off the bone. We got my son the grill chicken kids meal. It came with rice and we got the mac and cheese for the side. My son loved the mac and cheese, he ate the whole thing! The grill chicken was cooked perfect, which was awesome because they normally over cook it in almost every restaurant we go to. And last, I eventually got the 50/50 tenders half original and half buffalo with mash potatoes and corn. They messed up my order at first, they only gave me buffalo tenders so instead of taking some of my buffalo tenders away and bringing me a couple of original tenders later. I had to wait 15 mins for them to make me original tenders and when they were finally done they just heated up my buffalo tenders so they didn't taste so good. You can tell they were reheated. The original tenders were good they were juicy and crispy on the outside.  Nothing special about the corn or mashpotatos though, I expected them to be better since everything is made from scratch. I also got a salad which the waiter forgot to give us, we got it after we had gotten our meals. The salad was really cold, and I felt like I bit into ice when I ate the tomatoes.  Not nearly enough dressing either and since our waiter was Mia after the mess up,  I just didn't eat it.Overall other than my buffalo tenders, the food tasted Like the previous chaddars that I have been to in texas which is the reason why I was so excited to begin with. Hopefully when I go back everyone has been trained and the service is as good as the food.
5	Ribs Ribs Ribs Very good! Wife had the Buffalo Chicken Wrap said it was really good but she would not order with the pickles. ..Service was a little over the top but being that the place is brand new you expect that. Seemed like someone was at our table every 5 mins, became annoying.  Overall very happy and would definitely come back!
5	The service here was great, and food was even better. The spinach dip had a great flavor and after you finish it off they will still bring you more chips and salsa. They have a large menu with a lot of great choices, the only issue I had was that the size of the tables in the center dining area where a little small for 4 people.
4	Food was delicious but, the service was sluggish. I had the shrimp and chips and they were perfectly cooked. I'm sure as time goes by the service will strive. Jeff (GM) took care of my appetizer as they brought my queso dip with meat, as i asked for it with no meat. I'd definately go back.
3	I have been wanting to try Cheddar's since the first time I saw the coming soon sign many months back. After reading through some of the reviews and talking to some co-workers who had been, I had my mind set on the "fall off the bones ribs" last night.  I was looking forward to them all day yesterday. We got to the restaurant around 6:45pm last night and we waited about 30 minutes which wasn't bad at all given that it is a new restaurant. The lobby is very welcoming and I like the fish tank and the unique ceiling fans. The hostesses were all very nice.When we were seated we were greeted right away by our waiter who was a very young man and very nervous. He did have a hard time even getting his words out so I was a little worried about him, it seemed as though he had a rough night. I like to give people the benefit of the doubt and I know it was there first week open and probably his first waiter job. I ordered a spicy mango margarita and my fiance had a top shelf, we both also ordered water. The margaritas took about 15 minutes to come out and still no water. We ordered our food and I was looking so forward to the delicious ribs and mac and cheese. My fiance got the chicken fingers with mashed potatoes and corn. About ten minutes after ordering our waiter came back and said they had run out of ribs. I was so disappointed!! I wanted the ribs so bad. I know that this does happen but it is really all that I wanted at that point. I decided to order a sirloin steak instead cooked medium with mac and cheese and green beans. Our food took about 20 minutes to come out which wasn't too bad. I ordered my steak medium and it was definitely more like medium well and pretty dry. It did have good seasoning but the meat itself wasn't the greatest. My fiance loved his chicken fingers and I had one and loved it too. The mac and cheese was absolutely delicious and I would definitely get it again. The green beans here are really bad and taste canned and mushy, do not recommend them, I prefer crisp green beans.  Our waiter did come back to check on us many times and even kindly replaced my green beans with a side a corn instead.Overall I gave them only three stars based on the steak dinner which was really just okay. The chicken fingers were good and I am impressed that they make most food in house. The prices are also very reasonable. I will be back to try the ribs which is what I really wanted in the first place.
3	I have been to Cheddar's in Texas a few times. I have been here twice  since this location has opened.  I figured I should go here twice before I review. In the first experience was the first day. We got seated pretty quickly,  they had a lot of help from trainers and such.  We got the queso w/ beef. Pretty good. The lemon chicken I ordered  wasn't really lemony. But it tasted good so no worries. The only problem with the first experience was the waiter almost forgot to pick up my card to run it. Overall that experience was a 4. Today, I went with my mom to relive our Texan days.  Sadly this experience was not so hot. The buzzers didn't work and they had to yell our name to get our table. Our waitress was horrendous. She kept up selling ( I understand that is part of the job), but when we both said, I we don't drink we do not want a painkiller.  But she also asked 3 times if we wanted appetizers when we stated we did not want them. It took a good half hour to get our food, without getting a refill. We saw the other waiters who were doing a great job keeping their  tables happy. When we did see her we asked for our check. No asking if we wanted a desert or if we wanted a box... She came pretty quick back with a check. That experience was a 2. I understand they are newly open,and that explains the buzzer things. But no refills and getting drinks quickly especially in Arizona is a big part. I am just glad they opened in March and not in June. Overall Food- 4 (my mom didn't like her Texas toast moist from the food).Service- 3 ( From what I watched most of the waiters were on their tables pretty even, just not mine). Atmosphere- 5 Clean and nice. I would also say, we had waiters pretty close to our tables all the times having conversations with each others the entire time. It was kind of off putting to know about their life when maybe someone might of wanted something?
4	This restaurant originates from Texas and they have some of the best chicken tenders I have ever had. If you are from Texas and a fan of shiner which you can't get in too many places, they serve shiner here. The restaurant is new and so there are some kinks with the wait staff but that is to be expected. The pricing is really reasonable and the atmosphere is nice, I wouldn't call it "swank" but definately on par with your Outback or Texas Roadhouse type chain.
5	So happy there is now a Cheddar's in Arizona! Great, affordable food and friendly staff. Very clean environment! Try the chicken pot pie and don't forget to ask for those croissants!
3	This was my first time coming here and I was anxiously awaiting like everyone else. I absolutely loved the fried cheese bites! They are the best I've had from a restaurant! I got the chips and cheese and spinach dip with the chicken strip trio. Really yummy.We shared everything so I tasted different things and we all agreed on my review.The burger was typical however I don't like that I can't order medium rare or even medium. The bacon in the burger is really good and I wanted a side of that instead! Mmmmmm! The ribs were excellent with lots of meat that falls off the bone. We ordered the ribeye and it was cooked perfectly with lots of flavor! One of the best restaurant steaks I've had! I didn't get the salad because they couldn't put eggs in it for me and they wouldn't give me the mashed potatoes fully loaded. If they can fully load baked then why not mashed too?Don't wast your money on the cup of potatoe soup. It's tiny and boring. They up sell the onion rings and they were good but not great and took 25 minutes to get. We had a good waiter but had to wait and ask repeatedly for water and a fork. We literally shared one fork for most of our meal.  I think we asked several waiters at least 10 times! Annoying! They have two drink minimums and I'm not sure why. I had the painkiller and it wasn't that strong. I think they had more staff then customers so using the rest room or walking was a challenge as well.Beware of the cheddars sauce the add to your burger. It was strong and tasted like a mixture of mustard and horseradish. All and all everyone agreed that we will return but stick with appetizers, chicken strips and ribeye or ribs.Hope this helps... aka "your local foodie"
1	OMG food was horrible, mashed potatoes were watered down, cheeseburger completely raw in the middle and cold, no tarter sauce for fish-are you kidding me?  Waited over an hour for a table for horrible service and foo
3	Wel l  I heard the big buzz about this place .  the design and decorations of the inside and outside are Very nice. but the food  and the service was just ok. we came in We had a 15 minute wait to sit down so we got more Excited .we finally sat down and ordered our appetizer which was the chicken fingers with the queso and spinach dip. they make sure to tell you before you sit down that 90 percent of their cooked items are made from scratch.  The appetizer came out pretty quickly. don't ever order the queso dip because it tastes Exactly like that Tostitos queso cheese dip. the spinach dip was delicious but it was cold in the middle so they had to take it to the back to reheat it but they just brought me a new one. The  chicken fingers were just like any other chicken fingers but they were fresh. then we waited 43 minutes to get two burgers and a salmon. the Burger was good but it was nothing to rave about the mac and Cheese tasted like store bought mac and cheese And the fries were good . My wife said the salmon could have been cooked at a higher temperature it was blackened . all in all the price very fair for the food it's better than denny's and probably a little bit cheaper than denny's all I know Is your going to wait and there hours on there website are wrong they close at 10 not 11 on weekdays had to find out the hard way . But its a good 3 stars. Just make sure not to order the queso and the mac and cheese.
3	I would love to give it a better review considering how beautiful it is inside. But there's just been too many hiccups that bring this down. I came here on Sunday at 9:50pm and were told they were closed, and infact on that particular day they closed 'earlier than usual' (which is unfortunate since the hostess that answered that phone stated 11pm is when they closed and  the hours on the website also state 11pm). It seems like there's a lack of communication on somebodies end in regards to the correct timing. Anyways, onto the actual restaurant. Based off the decorating inside is what really carries this review to three stars. Nonetheless, I was excited to try this place that just came to Chandler. Me and my party of three came here and were welcomed by the managers promptly and told for us to enjoy our meal. We had our drink orders in and we had ordered the santa fe queso and onion rings for starters. The onion rings were rather good, but the queso was just a mess. It really tasted like the queso that I purchase from the store for my sporting events in my house. Everyone in my party ordered a variety of burgers(we're not very original). I chose the mac and cheese as a side, which I thought was also just okay. They were a bit cold, and to spend 2.49$ on a side I expected at least more than ~4 bites of mac and cheese. We waited quite a while for the burgers as well, but i'm just going to assume since this restaurant just opened that they've not used to this influx of customers on a weekday. The burger itself is very good, not the best, but for the price-- you can't beat it.Food:  2/5 (I just wasn't impressed, honestly)Interior: 5/5 (gorgeous)
5	When I found out they were opening a Cheddars here I got really excited b/c it's one of my favorite restaurants back home. The place was packed for it to be 5:15 in the afternoon. At first, the wait was 30-35mins, but then I went back to back if we could eat out on the patio and were seated right away. Even though the place was packed, the food came out hella quickly which was surprising. I ordered my fav, New Orleans Pasta and it tasted the same as back home...GOOD! It was my coworker's first time trying Cheddar's & she loved it. Which is saying a lot b/c she's picky as hell (She might read this & if so, Hey Girl! *waves*). Our server Demera was nice. Her service was prompt and she was engaging. We stayed there, unexpectedly, about 4 hours, & Demera still came over asking if we needed anything & refilled our drinks. Most waitresses would be giving you the evil eye wanting you to get out after you've paid lol. I teased her asking why they raise the price of the croissants here to 3/$2.99 when back home they're 3/1.89 lol. You gotta try the croissants! (I didn't get it this time, but also try the frozen Texas Margarita)I did order the Monster cookie for the first time and it was a bit too sweet. I probably wouldn't get that again. I'm not much of a sweets eater anyway.All in all, Cheddar's is a great restaurant with good food and nice portion sizes at a very reasonable prices.
4	Excellent fish and chips and very nice decor!!!  Good service as well. Definitely will return.
4	First time at this restaurant and I am already a fan. The bourbon grilled salmon was very good and so were my husband's fish and chips.Nice looking restaurant with outdoor patio and our server Andrea was so friendly and knowledgable of the menu that made this first experience great and wanting to come back!!!
5	It surprising to me the bad reviewes...this place just opened! Did you know how to your job perfectly on your first day? come on.....with that being said...service was a bit chaiotic but I expected that due to they just opened! Food was great! Very consistant to any other cheddars Ive been to. They did give me fish instead of chicken but no complaints here...just gave me more to eat! for free! sorry for the short review..Ive got to go..were going to cheddars!!!!!!!!!!!
5	We have been waiting for this place to open and since it finally did I had an opportunity recently to visit there. First of all , it was during the week , almost dinner time and there was already a good sized crowd in there but no wait. When my son and I were seated, it was in a booth and the environment and deco is great. Lighting is perfect and I liked everything about that. Service was excellent and food was awesome, so I am giving it 5 stars which is pretty rare for me to do . It really was a great experience all around.. Also, I thought the prices were quite reasonable. I will go here again for sure.
5	I have been waiting YEARS for Cheddar's to make it's way to Arizona. I honestly didn't think it would ever happen but now that it's here, I'm in HEAVEN!! This location is prime, just on the other side of the 101 to Chandler Mall. Restaurant is extremely clean and looks amazing. You would think from the inside this is a fancy restaurant until you read the prices and think "YES, good food that's actually affordable!" Since this is a new restaurant, expect to wait unless of course you come at like 9:30PM on a weeknight. Service was friendly and efficient, even though it was busy when we came. We ordered an appetizer of chips and queso (adding meat is FREE). Delicious! I ordered the Chicken Caesar  pasta salad, which has been my go-to dish at Cheddar's ever since I've known about it. I think my favorite part of the meal is the unbelievably soft and buttery croissant that comes with the meal. I could eat an entire tray of those things. In fact, during this visit, I had 3 and they only charged me for 2. We didn't get dessert- too full honestly. My boyfriend had a few drinks as well and walked out of there for $40. Great value, food and service. I will keep coming back!!!
4	I have never visited a Cheddars before, but I must say, I can definitely see myself being a regular here. First, the bad:  The restaurant has only been open for three weeks, and it showed in many ways, but my overall experience was a good one. We went on a Thursday night, and there was  25-30 minute wait to be seated. There were a few empty tables on the patio, but apparently not enough waitstaff on duty to cover them. The hostesses were a bit...immature? Our buzzer device went off to signal that our table was ready, but when we went inside, we found that another waitress had given our table to a different party. They did apologize profusely and get us another table within a few minutes. During that time, a guest came up and thrust two soaking wet menus at one of the hostesses and declared that they had spilled their drinks on them. The hostess could not seem to comprehend how to handle the matter, and told the hostess beside her that it was, "totally disgusting!" Which it might have been, but she could have handled it with more grace and tact while customers where within easy earshot. I think what I witnessed was mostly growing pains for a place that hasn't had time yet for the .to get a sense of rhythm and teamwork--and I think once that happens, these problems will disappear entirelyThe good:  The atmosphere is fantastic. For a place that says it is a casual cafe, it has more of an upscale feel to it. Our party of six each ordered a different item, and we were all more than pleased with both the pricing and quality of the food. Our waiter Justin was friendly and personable and kept on top of refills and checked on us often enough to be efficient without being annoying. The manager came out and chatted with us at the end of our meal to check on how felt about our dining experience, and assured us that any hiccups they were currently experiencing would be smoothed out very quickly.I would definitely go back--it seems like a good place for happy hour, too, with a separate bar area.  If you are wary because of the other reviews, I would say to wait a couple of months before giving it a try to give them a chance to work out the kinks in the service.
2	Very good food. I tried the Cajun Alfredo and it was delicious. But the service was terrible! The main courses took about 30 minutes. But our waiter seemed very inexperienced and looked sort of confused. For dessert I ordered the personal pan cookie. I waited and waited for it to come to the table. Finally after waiting for an hour the manager came to my table and told us that they screwed up out dessert. So they had to cook another cookie which takes about 35 minutes. After waiting for an hour and a half for a cookie. The manager said he would pay the entire bill. I will moat likely return again to try for a better experience.
4	So the place is new which in chandler means busy, we tried 3 times to go the first two the wait was way to long. But as they say the third time is a charm we went on a Tuesday and were in relatively quickly my wife and I went with our one year old son and couldnt be happier the food was really good the decor was amazing and the customer servie was great. I got the chicken tenders and fried shrimp which was amazing also it all tasted fresh I did have an issue with the mashed potatoes which seemed like a puree but still had great flavor. My wife got the chicken pot pie which was amazing the crust was so flaky and delicious we also got the Wisconsin cheese bites which were very yummy. we ended the night with a choclate bread pudding which melted in our mouths!!highly reccomended
1	Third visit today since this place opened.  The decor is fantastic and that's all I have nice to say.  The hostess staff is rude, insolent, self absorbed and untrained.  Three times I have had to deal with an obviously overwhelmed young girl with a waiting list, waiting disks and asking names.  Let alone figuring out how to instruct the seater where to take a party.  I understand long waits and long lines and am very patient but not a rude hostess who acts like if another person walks through the door to eat at this restaurant, she will be leaving.  My husband enjoys the short and tight skirts on the hostess staff though.  Today's visit was no better to start.  I really felt like I interrupted a private conversation asking for a table for three.  When we were seated, apparently the server had been triple seated and argued with the hostess right in front of us.  Truly.  I felt like I should go elsewhere.  Anyway, after a lot of excuses ahead of time why she won't be with us quickly and why our food won't arrive quickly we finally were served.I ordered the fish and chips and the batter was raw inside and fries were cold.  Not much more I can say.The manager did come by when the server noticed I didn't eat the food and he did take that plate off the bill but I can truly say, third time was NOT a charm.  I'll be going back much later when they get more experience and time under their belt.For now, 1 star.  I'm hoping I'm wrong.
5	OMG, Cheddars is finally in Arizona!!!! I can't believe it!!!! When I left Texas in 2012, I never thought I'd see one, and I drove by before it opened and couldn't wait to go in! It's just as I remembered it in Texas. The spinach and artichoke dip is my favorite appetizer. If you're into salads, theirs are really good - especially since they are served with a croissant that's been topped with melted honey butter. Yum. Their chicken strips are good; my favorite dishes are the New Orleans pasta and the lemon pepper chicken. I've also had (at another location) their chicken fried steak and chicken fried chicken.  Yum. My only advice:  if you leave hungry, it's your own fault because they don't skimp on the portion sizes. I read a review that said if you're thinking expensive, don't. One person can eat for under $10, easily. Try it all. I haven't had anything bad there. All the locations are pretty similar as far as quality and taste.  Enjoy!!
1	I have great memories of eating at Cheddars in Bolingbrook, IL and I was quite happy to see one in Chandler, AZ.  We have eaten there twice in the three weeks they have been open, one being the day the opened.  The first time we were there again opening night.  They weren't busy which was good.  We shared the Wisconsin Cheese Bites appetizer and they were great!  I ordered their New Orleans Pasta which sounded great on the menu.  When it arrived the noodles were very much over cooked and chicken was dry.  Since it was their first day I politely told the server to let the kitchen know they over cooked the pasta.  My meal was comped no questions asked and was given a free desert.  I was pleased with the server but the kitchen was super slow and really wasn't cooking the food well.  I know it was opening night and we decided we would give them another shot.  We did, three weeks later today.  We ordered the same appetizer and I ordered the chicken fingers and shrimp combo with broccoli cheese casserole and Mac and cheese.  I also requested my chicken fingers to be half classic and the other half BBQ.  The meal came quite quick.  However no broccoli cheese casserole and when it did come it was cold and half the portion it should have been.  They gave me mashed potatoes with gravy on the side which I did not order and my chicken fingers were not BBQ, they were buffalo.  My wife ordered chicken finger and sirloin combo with mashed potatoes and gravy and broccoli cheese casserole and opted to have half of her chicken fingers with garlic Parmesan and the other half classic.  Her ordered arrived with no gravy and honey mustard on the potatoes.  Her broccoli cheese casserole was cold and the chicken fingers were wrong.  Her steak was medium well and was ordered as medium.  The manager corrected the order but the broccoli cheese casserole came back cold again.  Third time was the charm as they finally came back steaming hot.  He comped both combos with no questions asked.  The server we had the first time recognized us and came by and said hello and he knew we were not happy.  He too was unhappy with the way things were going at the restaurant and is already looking for another place to work.  He said the kitchen was ridiculous and all the general manager has done is comped meals left and right.  I definitely caution choosing to eat at this Cheddars because they still have inexperienced cooks in the kitchen.
5	This is our first time eating here. When we arrived during lunch we were seated immediately. Our drinks were promptly ordered and brought to us. We ordered spinach artichoke dip it was delicious and filling. Our server seemed very nice but sort of spacey but overall very pleasant. We sat in the bar so it was a little noisy but not too bad. We ordered the classic chicken tenders with half rack of ribs our sides were Mac and cheese and butted corn. These all were amazing. The Texas margarita was huge and only $4. They didn't skimp on the alcohol either. Overall this place was great. Will be returning again.
5	This is our first time here. Great food, great service, and great prices! So good that we decided to bring friends back here for dinner the same day.
2	Came in for lunch and we waited about 15 minutes to be sat, which is no problem during a busy lunch hour. The decor is beautiful and so classy, but I don't understand what they are trying to be. They seem confused as a restaurant. Do they want to be a classy restaurant with beautiful decor and nicely dressed servers, or a cheap, dine and get out as their hostess' outfits and food portray? Our server was in training and was excellent! She asked all the right questions and everything came out perfect timing. We ordered the cheese dip and chips appetizer which was really good, but how can you mess that up? We also ordered alcoholic drinks which were cheap and delicious. However, when our meals came out, they were, for lack of better words, horrendous. They say that 90% of the menu is fresh and made from scratch, but then if you let it sit in the hot vat window in metal containers for 5 hours, it's not so fresh when served to the lunch rush. My green beans were definitely from a can and disgusting, the broccoli was overdone and brown, the mac and cheese was dry, but the fries were awesome... My boyfriend ordered the buffalo rap and it was also lackluster. If you're looking for good appetizers and drinks, this is the place. I would more than likely never order a meal here again. In conclusion, nice environment and nice servers, horrible food and confusing atmosphere.After finishing my review, I realized, I never got my salad :(
2	I'm still on the fence about this place, it recently opened and it's was busy, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. Decor was great, played good music. BUT! We ordered an appetizer and it came out after our main courses, we had to waved down waiters for drink refills, and food was just ok. Presentation didn't really empress me so I thought the food pick up the slack, not so much. Keep I'm mind there were only two of us to serve. I will come back, strike one cheddars.
2	You can skip this place. It's another chain with what they would call fresh food I would call it prepared food in a set menu. There's no creativity the chicken sandwich was 1/10th the thickness of the bread I could barely find the chicken. My buddy had the Spasagna and it was cold in the middle and the noodles were all mashed together. this place is just not good. Cool from the outside, not good on the inside. People who like this place have very low standards in my opinion.
2	I know they just opened and they have to work out the kinks but I am having a hard time justifying going back. My party of five had such a hard time we actually spoke to the GM who was there that night.  The manager was absolutely rude to the point our waiter apologized for his behavior.  Other then I think the waiter wants his position he came back to our table to talk with us about the managers response to two of my party disliking their food and brought over the GM. For the waiter to notice the managers behavior should tell you something.So the story, our wait time was 15 minutes less then we were quoted.  We ordered our food, the fun part!  We had a chicken tender meal, two chicken fried steaks and two Cajun pasta's. The pasta's came cold and they were sent back. We were under the impression the we're making fresh food but it came back so quickly it obviously was the same. The noodles were over cooked.  This is when the manager came by and asked if it was better. They said yes because it was hot. Then after two bites they couldn't eat it because it was mush. The manager came back then got rude because they had originally said it was good. They were referring to the temperature. He actually argued with my party and basically called them liars.Okay, chicken strips I was told were chicken strips. My chicken fried steak was actually okay but nothing to write home about so don't get okay confused with a craving.Needless to say both pastas are now off the bill and they have lost their appetites. They were offered dessert and we were given our bill.  Bill paid and still waiting for dessert. After 15+ minutes I told the people next to us they could have our dessert and we left.Hope they get there groove on but I'm not so sure I will be back.
2	Came back to Cheddar's a couple of nights ago because I was still craving those ribs that I didn't get to try on the first visit. We arrived at the restaurant at 6:45pm. I had called ahead and asked about the wait time for 2 and I was informed that the wait was about 35 minutes. We were okay with that. When we got to the restaurant the wait had increased to 45 minutes which was whatever, I understand that they are busy and they are the new kid on the block. Right away we after sitting in the waiting area we witnessed a rather unpleasant scene unfold. A very unhappy gentleman was at the hostess stand yelling that he had been waiting for 2 hours. Now this is rather ridiculous and if he and his party had been waiting that long, they should have approached the stand earlier or just left, there is no need to wait that long to be seated in a restaurant, I guarantee the food here is not worth a 2 hour wait. They GM came over to the stand and told the man that they would get him seated immediately. He did follow the GM to the table but he was clearly very angry. After that, we witnessed about 3 other guests come up to the stand and say they had been waiting well over 45 minutes. They were all seated right away. The manager came back to the hostess stand and yelled at all of the girls (3 of them) working on the seating chart. It was very unprofessional and he should have done this at a different time in a different setting. Clearly, all they needed at that point was help. Poor management. This whole seating debacle seemed to set everything back and we didn't end up being seated until 7:45pm. Once seated we were greeted quickly by our waitress. She was nice and got us water right away. Unfortunately after she got us water, we only saw her about once every 15-20 minutes. First my fiance ordered a starter salad. We received this about 20 minutes after being seated. We usually share the salad so we asked for an additional plate, never got it. It had hardly any ranch on it so we asked for an extra side of ranch, we never got it. We ordered our entrees when our salad came out, I ordered the ribs with mac and cheese and cole slaw, my fiance ordered the chicken fingers 50/50 with half buffalo and half original and fries. It took another 30 minutes for the food to arrive. We saw many other tables around us, who had been seated after us receive their food before we did. I do have to say that the ribs were good, not the best I have ever had but they were tasty. The mac and cheese was really good. The problem was with my fiance's meal. First of all, the half buffalo, half original was a joke. I thought based on pictures that had been posted that the buffalo strips came out similar to a buffalo wing. Wrong. Instead they just shook some buffalo sauce over the top of the strips which coated parts of all of the chicken strips making them all buffalo, not 50/50. It also made them extremely soggy and the breading just fell apart, not very appetizing. When the chicken strips came out he had asked for barbecue sauce right away. We waited and waited and never saw our waitress. No barbecue sauce to be found. Sometimes you really need a sauce to be able to eat a meal, this was one of those cases. My fiance never received his sauce and was very unhappy about the entire meal. Service was horrible. It was non existent really. I can only imagine that based on the way that the GM was talking to the hostess staff that it also carried over to the wait staff which in turn, I'm sure makes for a very stressful environment especially for new staff. It was 9:15pm when we left the restaurant.Overall my assessment is that Cheddar's has a long way to go to become a smooth running restaurant. They need to work out some kinks in both customer service and the kitchen in order to improve the experience for their guests. They just simply don't know how to handle how busy the restaurant currently is and this is not making a good impression for a new restaurant. It will be a long time before I visit Cheddar's again. The food is pretty good but not worth an hour wait and poor customer service.
1	I've been to this new location when they opened and decided to pay them another visit tonight. Upon arriving, I was greeted promptly by the hostess but never saw a waiter. I saw other tables around me getting service and saw the manager greeting other tables, but still I didn't get service. I was sitting right next to the POS and probably saw 6 different waiters, but none checked on me. I finally became tired of waiting and left. They really need to invest in service. I went next door to Outback and had my beer within 3 minutes and the appetizer within 5 minutes.
4	Wow is this place poppin! We arrived and the place was packed. There was a 5 to 10 minute wait, and we were super hungry. We sat down in 5 minutes! I didn't want to come here when the place opened and thought I'd give them some time to work out the new business kinks. I'm glad I did, cause looking at all the bad reviews and good ones had me very curious about this place. But anyway the service was really awesome, the girl asked all the right questions and took down our whole order... The only thing was she sold herself short a little bit by not following through with all the awesome questions she had... For instance my wife ordered the chicken Alfredo, she said it came with veggies and my wife said she would like them on the side. well, we never got them at all. The other thing is she asked if we wanted our salads before our food, and said yes! Definitely.... And of course our food came out with our salad, equaling our food to be cold after we ate our salad. Food was not hot! Probably the biggest complaint. It was slightly warm though, and atleast it was good... I warned the staff but I didn't want them to take my food. Was only trying to inform them. The garlic bread served with our food was only 1 little piece, and really soggy with butter, barely toasted, no crunch to it at all! I asked for more bread, and she brought me 1 more slice of sogginess.....oh well, me and my wife are extremely picky, and like lots of bread to go with our New Orleans pasta and chicken Alfredo. Honestly we really liked the food even though the little things didn't add up very nicely. We will come back! They are always super slammed so I could tell the waitress was overwhelmed and the kitchen staff wasn't working with her to really make the customers extremely happy. You can tell this place is going to have a lot of criticism, but I recommend trying it out and see if it's for you, maybe give it another month for things to slow down a little bit, but ultimately the food is good, service is good, decor is nice.... Place is loud, but what do you expect from a new business thats just jam packed with curious Arizonans.
5	Based on other previous reviews, my dad and I skipped a dinner here 2 weeks ago (my dad is very particular when it comes to service). I figured 2 weeks was long enough to get things situated and it was time to give it a shot. We were not disappointed!To sum things up for readers: Out of all the different items ordered, only 1 was a regret. The service was prompt, friendly, helpful and didn't miss a step. Because it was only one side dish that didn't make the grade, I decided it wouldn't be fair to knock it down a star just for that.  So my experience still deserves a 5 star and will look forward to a repeat visit in the future. Read on if you are one for details:We arrived at just after 4pm on a Thursday and were seated immediately.  Within 2 minutes our server Blake was there to ask about our drink order. We always go for iced tea but my dad needs to have a spoon for stirring (lack of spoon puts you on the never again list) and extra lemon. After another 5 minutes,Blake had teas, lemons and the ever important spoon delivered for thirst quenching to commence. He asked if we had a chance to think about appetizers and though we hadn't, my dad asked him what he would order. He hands down told us their hand battered onion rings. So began our Cheddar's food adventure. The onion rings are amazing but the portion is huge for 2 people. For entrees, I ordered the steak and chicken tender (as these were also highly recommened by our awesome server) combo with green beans, baked potato and mushrooms. My dad chose the Ribeye meal with mushrooms, green beans and mac n cheese. Blake didnt miss a step when it came to drink refills. He had it there before even asked and he even remembered the extra lemons in my dad's. As to entree taste: I give it an 85%. Of course everyone has different tastes but here is the breakdown for me.1) Steak- both were cooked as requested. Not overpowered by seasoning. 2) Chicken tenders - I see why they brag about these. The batter had a great flavor that was very crispy and yet not greasy. The chicken itself was cooked perfect to retain all its juiciness!3) Mushrooms - not a flavor I am used to as at home I am a simple butter and extra dash of salt gal but they were good and thankfully not overcooked. 4) Baked Potato- Yes you can screw up a potato but thankfully this wasn't one of the times. Only I wish bacon wasn't an extra charge :(5) Green Beans - I am more of a salty gal rather than sweet so it was odd to have sweetened green beans. No idea with what (my dad thought maybe brown sugar?) but those I had to use the salt shaker on. 6) Mac n Cheese - This was the one side dish we felt was seriously lacking. Being I make my own from scratch I figured its gotta be at least half as good. NOPE... my comment on this to my dad "I think I would have been better off with mac n cheese from KFC across the way". YUP... that sad. If you braved your way through this, hope you have a delicious experience too. :)
5	First time at Cheddar's!  Amazing food! The service was even better! Our server, Jason, really went above and beyond! He made the experience great! He took his time with us, we felt like we were his only table, yet the restaurant was packed! He offered menu suggestions and was 100% correct! We constantly had drinks on the table and was sure to make sure we weren't missing anything! Definitely a new favorite!
4	We tried this place as it is new to Chandler, and we love to try new places. Honestly after reading some of the other reviews I was worried about poor service. However or server Heather (I think that was her name...pregnancy brain disrupts my memory) was great! She kept or glasses full and the food came in a timely manner. Our appetizer chips and queso was delicious, and the mango tea even better!! I had the lunch combo half sandwich/wrap abd two sides. I went with the buffalo chicken wrap. The flavor was there, hoping for a tad more buffalo sauce, abd the bedding in the chicken was somewhat soggy and falling off but over all the flavor was good. For sides I tried the tortilla soup not the best I've had. The loaded baked potato side was most definitely loaded. It was my favorite part of the dish. My husband had the chicken tenders and steak other than the soggy onion strings his meal was delish! Over all good experience.
4	We went there on a Friday night about two weeks after they opened. Yes, it was busy! Waited about 40 minutes to be seated. Once seated, we were served right away...with a smile. I ordered the fish and chips. I was very impressed by the size of the order, the presentation, and most of all the taste. Excellent!! Very moist and flaky, with a perfect crusty exterior.
4	The service when it comes to the servers is outstanding, the hostesses on the other hand is well below expectations. As another reviewer said, the hostesses are "self absorbed." When my friend and I sat at a table one evening, the hostess practically slammed the menus and silverware on the table and sighed angrily like we were disrupting her by asking for a table. This is not the only occasion I have had trouble with the hostesses. The servers, like I said are outstanding! If you ever get the chance, ask for "Flowers" as your server, you won't be disappointed. He's funny, personable, and you are guaranteed a good time. The servers are 100% on top of things when it comes to their guests, and you can definitely see the teamwork in the way they help and communicate with each other. The food is excellent, you definitely get what you pay for. They have a wide variety of drink options, alcoholic and non-alcoholic. They have delicious items from chicken tenders, to a Monte Cristo sandwich. All in all, this is a five star establishment and the only thing making me give this place four stars is the majority of their hostessing staff.
4	First time at this chain, overall i was impressed and would go back.For food i ordered the Monte Cristo, my wive ordered the Alfredo pasta. Others at the table ordered chicken tenders, ribs and Mac n cheese. Have to say everything was very good, gotta love the Monte Cristo definitely not healthy but awesome. (basically a better version of it than Bennigans if you have ever been to one of those). The only downfall was the Alfredo was very bland, the server offered something else but since their portions are pretty large we just said it was ok and shared the other items. Was super busy since its new so hopefully it gets better as far as service.  Inside feels upscale and decor is on the contemporary side. Prices are average.I see this sticking around awhile unlike the other places this building has been over the years.
2	Service is ... insecure. Was there with a group of six and we all thought it was so-so. This is what I imagine the food is like in an upscale retirement home.The place is beautiful inside.
3	All you need to know about Cheddar's is that it serves good comfort food and has a well stocked, ample bar area.  We came here on a Friday night around five. Cheddar's was in the middle of it's opening week growing pains. We were told there was a ten to fifteen minute wait, and nearly fifty-five minutes later, we were seated. LOLAs noted above, the food makes up for the confusion at the hostess station. The servers were on top of their game, and many were backing each other up, busing each other's tables. Nice!The atmosphere was busy as you could imagine.  But, Jeff the Manager was walking around, keeping a watchful eye on things. He made a point of visiting each table and greeting guests by saying: "welcome to your new favorite neighbor restaurant,". It worked on us. Double, nice!!The menu is mixture of burgers and steaks, with the prices being extraordinarily reasonable. The half pound burgers on the menu were only$6.29-6.79, with the chicken and steaks around $11-14. We started with two ice teas, one regular, the other a Long Island.  Surprisingly they were less than $2.00 apart and came out almost immediately. Did I mention our server Lori was good?  She treated us as if we were her only table!After the teas arrive, we decided to try the Spinach Dip (see photo) for $5.99. It was very tasty, served with light tortilla chips and warm salsa. For our entree, we ordered a half rack of BBQ ribs ($10.79)and the Rib-Eye Philly Steak Sandwich ($8.49).  The ribs had a nice smokey taste. While the only downside was the sandwich, which seemed to have more mushrooms than steak.  As mentioned above prices are very reasonable, and yes we'll be back after the newness and crowds settled down. Expect to pay around $25 each, including one drink each, one appetizer, taxes and gratuities. So Three and a half Stars "A-Okay". But this might change, since Cheddar's has the potential to become a goto neighbor restaurant.
3	Food is great. Service is slow. I've been twice for lunch , and enjoyed both meals. I work about 1.5 miles away, and was hoping to add Cheddars to our lunch rotation, but due to slow service (we went early at 11:15 to ensure we could be seated immediately, which we were) our lunch ended up being 75 minutes, and our waiter seemed new and did not share our sense of urgency, after we expressed it twice. Chuck, the manager, did come by our table twice to make sure we were ok, and apologized profusely that we were delayed. Just wish we could go back, but I don't think that's an option. Btw- the chicken tenders come in a quantity of SIX with two sides. Plenty to split with a friend. For $10. And they are delish!
3	Place was new so we decided to check it out. After coming off an Asian trip, I thought American food sounded good.The Cheddar's Pain Killer was a nice drink to start us off. Along with the Wisconsin cheese bites (addictive) and chips and queso (good). Our server warned us that their portions were large here and we did notice a few to-go bags leaving while we were waiting, so we kept that in mind when ordering our main dish. Between our family we tried the baby back ribs (ok), chicken tenders (ok), Sweet Heat Chicken & Shrimp (a joke), Top Sirloin Steak (so rubbery it was painful to eat), and the smokehouse burger (good but regular size).We noticed that in no way did any of the portions seem "large" in comparison to any other restaurants I've been to, so not sure why that was emphasized by our waiter.All-in-all, this is typical chain-style American food. The drink I had was good, the meal I had was forgetable. The value wasn't there either. We all agreed we wouldn't return.
2	Comfort American food. I imagine this place will do well regardless of it's glaring negative aspects (service, attention to detail, etc) because the prices are low low low. Despite the name, my husband and I tired it because it looked so nice from the outside, the inside looks nice as well, like an upscale diner. It was hands down the worst service we each had ever had. We weren't even mad, you kinda have to laugh plus we felt so sorry for our server, there was a manger going to all the tables surrounding us and apologizing. We attributed that to opening restaurant jitters and went back 3 weeks later. It was exactly the same experience, food was ok, when we finally got what we ordered, which most times we didn't. It's like all the servers there not only are new to serving, but completely new to writing things down and remembering them later. All in all, this a great place to take people if you are patient and don't want to spend a lot of money. For my money, I'll be going across the parking lot to Mimi's. The money saved isn't worth the headache.
4	The moral of the story here is understand where you're going and anticipate what they do well... My wife and I have been here three times and all three have been very consistent... really good service (three different servers), HUGE portions, great prices, good place for family, quality food. I'll say that each time we've ordered pretty basic stuff: the pot pie, a couple wraps, some chicken tenders, etc. All very good and mostly better than I expected. The pot pie was a bit bland, but quality stuff inside so it doesn't taste like a frozen box top, like many other restaurant pot pies. An example of some awesomeness: for $8.95 you can get a "three course" lunch with soup, salad and entree-type item. My wife took at least 1/2 of it home and it was great later. From what I can tell, though, they only have a couple tables to seat 8+ people... so you're going to wait if you bring a party. I'll continue to go here (when the line isn't out the door) and bring even my pickiest friends because the menu is so varied and the quality is high.
4	Looooooootttttttttt of food.  We ordered the chicken fried chicken and chicken fried steak.  The chicken fried steak was enough for one...possibly two.  The chicken fried chicken was enough for 2 easily, probably 3.We ordered onion rings also.  We ordered them late so they actually came out after the entrees.  They were good, but really an unnecessary add on since we already had more food than we could eat in a sitting (2 or 3 sittings sure...one...no way).We got there about 5:20 or so and were seated immediately but the place was pretty much packed.  10 minutes later and then half of Chandler showed up.  Not sure what the wait times were but it looked to be at least a half an hour based on the number of people.Service was ok.  They just opened in April so I expect they're still working out bugs but overall no complaints.Based on the size of the portions, I'm not sure I'd order two meals again...especially if I order an appetizer.
5	I absolutely love this place! Great interior design. I loved our server Ana . She was sweet, funny, and had a great attitude. The food was amazing . Chicken tenders were delicious as were the baby back ribs. Mmmmm Mmm mm! When you go be sure to try to side of Mac and cheese ! Yummy!!
3	Came here for lunch.First observation:  no lunch specials/menu.  Not necessarily a bad thing, just an observation.  I often order from a lunch specials menu for price and portion size, plus those dishes often come out faster.Service was good.  Our server was sufficiently attentive but not overbearing.  Food came out a little slowly.  Menu looked like a pretty typical "casual dining" place.The food itself was good.  Was it anything really special?  No.  But it was good.  I had key lime chicken.  It was a tad dry, but with the pineapple pico that wasn't a problem.  My wife had the Cajun pasta.  It also was good.  The same sort of food you'd find at Chili's, Applebees, TGIFridays (are they still around?), and that sort of thing.  The interior/decor was a little more relaxed than most of those, however.  Not a lot of clutter or TVs, just a big aquarium.I wouldn't make a point of going here, but I wouldn't avoid it either.  It was good, but not compelling.
4	Katie was our server and very friendly,  I had the New Orleans pasta and it was good. I will come back again
4	Ate here tonight for the first time , and it was pretty dang good!! Our waitress was awesome and did a great job on keeping on top of everything. We got the Wisconsin cheese bites for an appetizer, which were a bit salty but amazing! We also got the stacked onion rings, soooo good!! For entrees, I did the chicken Caesar salad pasta, which was quite interesting but it was good! My sister had the baked potato soup which she loved. My daughter had the baked spaghana , which was a baked spaghetti like lasagna, interested but really good!! Hubby had a ribeye, aside from it being a little tough to chew, he liked the flavor. The atmosphere was nice and clean. My daughter was fascinated with the fish tank which was right by our table. The reason I give it a 4 stars ( really 4.5) is because of the cheese bites being a little salty and the toughness of my hubby's ribeye. We will be back though!
4	the building on the outside looks really cool, first of all. we walk in, and the inside is cool as well. that along with the fish tanks and the huge 'fan' in the middle of the building, and even the bathrooms help to make the building itself something worth seeing. they were really busy, so in order to get a booth, we had to sit in the Bar. our waitress, Rachel, was awesome. she was friendly and willing to have a converastion and build a rapport with us. for an appetizer we got the onion rings which were really good. my mom and the friend who went with us ordered the lunch portion salmon, blackened, with some of the burbon glaze on the side; and under her recommendation I got the fish and chips. we got our food, and the salmon had the glaze on it instead of on the side. but instead of being cooked with the sauce on it, they seemed to just pour it on after, because it was runny, all over the plate and rice, as well as the spoon on my moms plate! as well as putting the gravy from my friends mashed potatoes on it instead of on the side. My fish, though, were amazing; very possibly the best ive ever had. after some dealing with it, the waitress saw my mom and our friend were unhappy, so we had them remake it. then, thinking very accurately, she asked if we wanted my plate hot-held so we could eat at the same time. our friend often thinks of such, and it is one of his pet peeves; so she then was brilliant at that. when we got our food, we were all extremely happy; they decided to remake my food as well to halp make things as best as possible. my mom and our friend both loved their salmon, and (even though I didn't think it was possible) my second plate was even better! there was so much flavor in my fish I felt like one piece was 2 or 3. when we finished eating we still had lots of food to take home, and then they brought out Croissants! those themselves were so good that even though we [thought] we were full, we ate every last bite.all in all, the experience was very good, and the food was delicious. and for the price? its definitely worth it. you could easily spend around the same amount at Denny's, Chili's and other such American food restaurants.
5	I grew up going to Cheddars in Lexington, KY!  Their Club Sandwich, Monte Cristo, and Chicken Tenders will make even the unhappiest person happy again. The servers were all very nice at this location and I love that we have this staple in the Valley! I can't wait to go back with my family!
5	I normally am not one to write a review but I felt the need to counteract the bad press on this place.  Yes we had to wait about 20 min to be seated but it was well worth it! Our server, Rachel, was excellent.  We never had to ask for anything it's like she read out minds.  She was great to recommend things and all of us took her up on recommendations.  I had the monti Christo which was delicious and enough for two.  Our table also had Tuscan chicken sandwhich and chicken tender dinner.  All were happy with their choices.  The kids grilled chicken was nice and tender.  The food was excellent and the service was fantastic.  Thanks Rachel! You rock!
5	I was a little leery of trying a new restaurant on a holiday weekend but nevertheless I decided to try this place on Memorial Day for lunch. It was very crowded and busy, yet we were seated in 5 min. I ordered a strawberry margarita & my friend ordered the "painkiller". Both were delicious!!!! We ordered the spinach dip appetizer..... Amazing. We both ordered the grilled tilapia/shrimp entree. The entree came with wild rice and 2 sides...I chose broccoli and Mac & cheese. The broccoli was a little mushy, however it was steamed and bright green. Everything exceeded my expectations. So good, my friend ordered another entree to take home to her hubby spur of the moment.  Our waitress was very nice, friendly, helpful.... I will definitely be back and I can't wait.
2	I am giving this restaurant two stars only because my meal was delicious.  The service was lousy.  Our waitress never smiled, she failed to refill water, soda, wine.  She did not ask how the meal was.  We asked for a box which she forgot and when we said never mind about the box after ten minutes or so she did not even comment.  I left a tiny tip which she barely deserved.  Horrible service.
1	Service was lousy. Food is fried and so unhealthy. I ordered a simple grilled cheese sandwich and our waitress didn't even know the difference between CHEDDAR or American cheese!!! Nobody makes a grilled cheese with oily cheddar cheese! Come on! It was disgusting.
5	I'm so happy you are located in the Valley. We fell in love with Cheddars in San Antonio. Especially the croissants and the margaritas.
3	I grew up eating Cheddar's. It's a smaller chain that doesn't advertise and how consistent, cheap food that's actually pretty good. My husband and I were excited one finally opened up in Arizona, specifically the Phoenix area, even if that location is way out in Chandler.It's a big restaurant, so a wait usually isn't too bad. The food ranges from eh to pretty good to hey this isn't too bad. For appetizers, the onions rings aren't bad, and neither is the queso.For entrees, you can get some healthier options. I usually like the veggie plate with a salad. Chicken fried steak is a good staple, and the burger isn't bad (although you have to order fries separately). The Caesar salad pasta is an interesting take on two dishes - basically a big Caesar salad on top of a bed of pasta.Desserts are all pretty good too. Mixed cocktails are fun and the painkiller is actually strong.If you're on a budget and in the Chandler area, especially if you have kids, Cheddar's is a good way to go. I like to eat here when I'm homesick and trying to save some money.
5	This place is great!!! Everytime I go there I have to take half the food home. The portions are generous, delicious and the service is exceptional. Our waitress was Kerry last time and she did a wonderful job.
5	The outside reminded me of Mimi's cafe and automatically assumed that the food was going to be mediocre, but I should always remember to not judge a book by it's cover as cliche as it sounds.Anyway, it was my birthday and my parents wanted to treat me for a nice lunch to which we all decided after looking online at what cheddar's was all about, to try it out.When we got there, the inside looked amazing, a bit upscale and the menu selection looked inviting and I was happy about the combination choices as well, given that I am that person that needs to try everything. We ordered the stack of onion rings as an appetizer which was delicious. I also ordered strawberry lemonade which was really good, a bit on the sweet side though. For an entree, I had a half rack of ribs/fried shrimp combo with fries and a side of mac and cheese which was amazing. I would definitely come back for more!
5	Great food!  There is no place like this on the east side... very unique. Loved the fish and chips ( I actually replaced chips for loaded baked potato)
5	My husband has been bugging me for weeks to come here.When we walked up to the restaurant, there were a lot of people sitting outside.  We expected to wait for about 30 mins but was pleasantly surprised when we were seated right away. There were 3 in our party.The service was great.  The food was perfect.  Strangely enough, despite the restaurant being packed, I could hear my husband and son talking without a struggle. My son had the kid's meal - chicken tenders with mac and cheese - he loved it.  He finished his plate and told us he was full.  Which is amazing since he never seems to fill up.I had the grilled salmon (blackened) at the server's recommendation.  It was perfect.  My sides were the broccoli and cheddar casserole (delicious) and potatoes (ok...I'll pick a different side next time).My husband had the New Orleans pasta.  A hearty dish. A lot of sausage and shrimp.  Spicy though.  Meals averaged around $10 give or take a few dollars.  The kid's meals are $4.99 including drink.I was impressed with the food and service and can't wait to go back.
4	Cheddars is just all around good food at a decent price. The service was great, our server keep our drinks filled & checked on us often. If you go you must must must get the croissant bread pudding. It is simply outstanding.
4	Great place. Affordable pricing. Very friendly staff. Get the cheddars pain killer.  This place would be great to get together with friends in the bar without the loud club-like scene
5	The service is amazing hands down. And the food is even better. It may be on the more expensive size compared to Applebee's but the portions are very well worth it. The chicken tenders are very large. The steak is wonderfully and tender. Their famous baked potato soup is where it's at. This is a must visit place.
4	After many wistful nights staring longingly at their online menu and many canceled plans to pop into the restaurant, we finally got to dine at Cheddar's.Cheddar's serves up some great American comfort food at a decent price.  The place was buzzing with activity but there were still lots of empty tables available at 6pm on a Friday night.  The three of us shared the Wisconsin Cheese Bites as an appetizer.  These were super delicious when they were hot out the fryer.  "Melty, oozing, little clouds of cheese that's lightly battered" would be how I describe them.  Even after they cooled down significantly, they were still a nice little treat.  Although a bit salty, I liked them.  I love cheese!My dinner companions [Hi Brett B.!] had ribs, chicken tenders, and some sides.  I tried a little bite of the ribs and Brett B. was right --- they were a little dry despite the nice glaze!  I was fooled.  The mac and cheese also had a weird texture.  It felt a little gritty.  Is it just me?  Anyways, I ordered the chicken pot pie for myself and it was amazing!  Crusty flaky top with big chunks of chicken with some peas, carrots, and potatoes all swimming in a creamy sauce... Oh man!  It made the Painkiller cocktail go down smoothly.  I also got a house salad with blue cheese dressing on the side with my pot pie and it was refreshing and delicious.  I only wish there were more giant chunks of blue cheese.  I can't tell you if the croutons are homemade despite Brett B.'s lesson on crunchiness.  One day I will know the difference and I'll be victorious!While I'm not entirely sold on Cheddar's and I can't say it was everything I hoped for and more, I had a lovely dinner with two of best guys in town!  Would I come back?  Probably.  I think I want to try the chicken tenders!
4	Most Bang for your Buck?  Absolutely.  Choices on top of Choices? You Bet.Nice Atmosphere and a good staff? Yes and Yes.Busy enough to show that is better than your average chain restaurant?  Mmhmm.This place has many different selections and is the perfect place for lunch and dinner.  I ordered the club sandwich.  "It is important, when you eat at my restaurant, you never order BLT." - Big Daddy...Order the club for lunch, it tastes great .
2	We decided to go early on Sunday night @ 4:30 pm to avoid the busy hours.  Ordered onion rings before our meal, then our meal order.  All the food came out at the same time.  Greasy onion rings sitting in a pool, battered fish that was mostly mushing coating of bready dough and the white fish that was too salty to finish.We left our food on the plates and called over the server. She gave us the bill and stood over me while I signed and place tip on ticket.  Server was a little too friendly by sitting down with us at the table.might consider a lunch there (sandwich only), but dinner is out.
5	The restaurant has that perfect mix of great food, casual atmosphere and friendly fast service. Nice enough for a date yet quick enough for a lunch break. Can't miss on the chips and queso, chicken tenders and baked spasanga! Great place to eat.
4	This place is great! I come here a lot. Atmosphere is not bad, and I've only ever noticed one thing you want to keep in mind. They like to forget things! The food will make up for it though. So just keep in mind to be specific if you're wanting to tweak your dish. I recommend the garlic parmesan chicken tenders to fit somewhere on your plate. Don't get the steak/chicken meal though. Another good alternative is some kind of Louisiana pasta they have.
5	My wife and I stopped in here on a whim for lunch and were pleasantly surprised.  Seating and wait staff was not a problem.  My wife ordered the vegetable dish which came with a salad and 4 (yes 4) sides.  It was perfect for her.  She said that everything on it was good and more than she could eat.  The croissant looked very good from my perspective.  I got the monte cristo sandwich which was very unique and extremely good.  I commented to the waitress that I only ordered half a sand which and she said that was the half.  I could believe how big the half was. Along with that I got a baked potato which wasn't exactly as ordered but was promptly replaced.  The best part of all was the bill.  All that food and drinks for a shade over $20.  My wife and I are already planning a trip across town for another meal here.  Highly recommend.
2	We've been to Cheddars twice now and both experiences were wrought with service issues.  The first visit had two servers competing for our table, making us very uncomfortable.  One would bring our drinks and the other would bring more and take away the ones that the first server brought because she added lemon (when we asked for no lemon).  The second visit had a single server that couldn't get anything right.  We never received the appetizer we ordered and the food took forever to get out.  She seemed to be very attentive to the table across from us but we had to ask for sweetener three times.  She was apologetic but just seemed scattered (with us anyway).  On that particular visit my son and I walked in just 30 seconds after the rest of the family and the hostess could not remember where she'd just sat them.  Huh?  So do you think she tried to help us locate our family?  No.  She went back to a chatty conversation with the other hostess while we walked the restaurant in search of our table.  This is a relatively new restaurant so I'm trying to be patient as they work through getting their staff up to speed and properly trained.  The food is good and the atmosphere is really nice, but one more service issue and that'll be three strikes, making Cheddars out!
4	Great for low cost food. Only complaint is they don't have enough normal tables, they mostly have booths which I don't like.
4	It was at around 6pm on a Saturday and the three of us wanted dinner and after driving past it several times we decided to give Cheddar's a try.  The wait was 15 mins max. I decided to try the frozen strawberry margarita which was not the greatest.  We also ordered the fried mozerella bites with marinara and the kid got chicken strips with mac and cheese.  Must have been good cause she ate all but 1of the 3 chicken strips.  For dinner we got the fish & chips and chicken pot pie.  Decent and sufficiently delicious as well as affordale.  Reminded me of a nicer looking Black Eyed Pea restaurant which have all closed here in AZ. All in all a nice experience.  We will definitely be returning to try more of the menu.
1	I have to eat my words....The first time we went to cheddars it was AMAZING!!!!! The last 3 times has not been good...we have waiting for over 30 minutes for food....received wrong orders...food not consistent, the food overall has not been good. Each time we go in everything tastes different..Not sure whats going on but not the Cheddars we complimented about previously, and definitely not the same Cheddars as we have experienced in other locations....
1	Simple review: Cheddars = Denny's, Coco's, Marie Calendars.Cheddars wishes it was : Fridays or Chili's Cheddars tries to look like (interior design and ambiance) and will never be in 1bil years Kate Mantelini. If u don't  know what Kate Mantelini is, then you just don't know how far American comfort food has come since 1981Verbose (Longer) review:With a copper sign and a name like cheddars  was expecting a lot more, especially when entering cheddars and experiencing the ambiance and interior design., the rotating fans were impressive  as well as the fish tank. When we all got the menu, we instantly were transported back to 1989 Chili's or Cocos, jaws dropped, all three of us struggled to comprehend the pairing of food to the motif and name of the restaurant.  One of us attempted to order something "cheddar-y", the Texas fries. Opinion:  tastes like bacon potato wedges from Jack in the Box, although Jack in the box  has softer cheese, making it a bit better.I ordered the chicken Alfredo: opinion, go to Frys, Ralph's, albertsons or your local market and buy a buitoni frozen pasta, save $4, it's the same thing.Rosemary Chicken sandwich: way too much mayo, bun was rosemary bread, chicken was blackened to cover up the rubbery texture, meal was not even %50 eatenIn fact all our meals including, the best of the bunch, the chx pot pie, we're only %50 eaten. Not worth the time or sodiumTo top it off the appetizer and entrees came out at the same time and the side salads came out 5 min later, wtf?Never going back
4	I thought the food was exactly what I needed that day.  Good comfort food and very filling.  They had a lot of menu options but I went with the Country Style Chicken Fried Chicken w/ mashed potatoes and macaroni & cheese.  It was really good and the portion was huge so I had lunch the next day.The service was pretty good, waitress was very nice, attentive and didn't do anything wrong.  She did fail to remove dishes like appetizer plates and old glasses when she brought refills but that's being sort of picky.
2	We visited Cheddars on a Wednesday at 6pm for dinner.  It was about a 15-20 minute wait for a table for 4 on a day that usually would be less busy.  Decor is nice and they have a pretty fish tank.My husband enjoyed his big stack of onion rings.  Otherwise the food was pretty mediocre and over priced in my opinion.  You could get similar food at a Chilis with no wait and half the check in my opinion.  The food was about the same quality.  My husband also had a burger, and I had chicken fingers.  2 people in our party had a beer, but no desserts and we still ended up with an $80 + tab before tip.  It seems expensive for pretty typical 3 star food in my opinion.  Nothing outstanding here.
2	I went to cheddars with my mother while I was in town visiting. She had up talked this place so much and convinced me to go. We went around 2pm on a Tuesday well after the lunch rush. We were sat pretty quickly. It took a while for our server to even take our drink orders. As we were sitting there I noticed multiple ants on the table. My mother nodded it off that they probably had just sprayed for bugs and came out. At this point I wasn't really feeling eating there. Out server finally came and took our drink orders, we already knew what we wanted because that's how long it took for her to come over. I ordered their loaded baked potato soup which was delicious and the monte cristo sandwich, also delicious. Low and behold I came down with a very unpleasant bout of food poisoning. I will not be going back during any of my future visits.
2	These two stars sum up my experience - "Meh. I've experienced better." The prices are very reasonable, we were actually stunned at a burger and fries under $7! But I'm assuming the quality of the food determines the low prices. We weren't too impressed. It was okay, I wasn't unhappy by any means, but I don't think I'll come back.
5	Went there this past weekend with the wife, the food was amazing. We ordered Spinach Dip, CF Steak and the Spaghetti Lasagna (Spagna on the menu I believe) it was so delicious! Definitely worth going back on our next trip to phoenix!
3	Cheddar's has a wonderful atmosphere for casual and business people and they have a number of options from salads, soups and sandwiches to full entrees. The decor has such a sleek modern feel with a few strokes of country in there. I really want to love it but the food is so sub par.The service is good... but they try to be great which just comes off a little rushed. I have come when it isn't very crowded at around 3 pm on weekdays so they shouldn't be in such a hurry. They are quite friendly overall and refill drinks often. The first time I ordered the lemon pepper fish and it was well cooked as the texture was flaky and soft but it is far too salty. I had a similar experience with their sweet heat chicken and their Monte cristo sandwich as well as their sausage pasta. Everything is oversalted. I keep coming because it is close to the job and they seem to have quality ingredients but they just need to cut the salt. Their one redeeming menu item so far is the chicken strip basket. Those chicken strips are tender and crisp and the meat is moist. It is well breaded but I still do prefer real chicken skin over breading.Overall I would like this place so much more if the food was less salted
5	I've had pot pie, fish and chips, and tortilla soup.  All were very good. The fish and chips are better than I have found in many restaurants.  It's definitely an entree that can be shared.  Nice selection of entrees and family friendly!
2	Okay food. Terrible service. Hostess should be fired. Only gave the 2 stars to the food!
2	I was actually kind of excited to visit this place, however my entire experience was negative. We came on a Sunday the decor was kinda cool and it was pretty full. We were seated immediately. Our waitress looked like she had something better to do and when I asked if I had soup and salad she said they didn't have that combo and that she didn't make the menu. Understandable. But her attitude never changed. My boyfriend ordered a BBQ burger and loved it and then we decided to order a pazookie. Huge mistake. After 30 minutes the manager came and said the pazookie was dropped on the floor and they are getting a new one. We waited another 30 mins for our new one and when it finally came we were excited to eat it. Upon diving in we moved the ice cream over and seriously found a pubic hair in our pazookie between the I've cream and cookie. Completely ruined our appetite. Because of our overall experience I will not be returning and would not recommend this place to anybody looking for an uplifting place to eat. Thumbs down.
4	I thought this restaurant is very cute.  The service was amazing.  I was impressed by the menu options and price.  The alcoholic beverages are fun and super cheap.  The size is large and very potent.  I had their version of Long Island Iced tea and LOVED it.  For dinner I tried the Philly Cheese Steak sandwich with macaroni and cheese.  I think I would try something else next time.  My friend had chicken pot pie.  She liked it.  I didn't like the face that the crust was only on top.  My daughter had the pasta with marinara and was happy about it.  Her friend had the fried shrimp.  It looked okay.  Looking forward to returning soon.
4	I went to Cheddar's yesterday for lunch. Our server Annie was very friendly and attentive, the food was very tasty. I had the Monte Cristo and my wife had the fish and chips. Both were huge portions, you can definitely share a meal here. We'll be back.
4	Awesome food for a good price. Although this is my first check in on yelp, this is not my frist time at cheddars. This is my second time at this location but have been to Cheddars on numerous occasions when I lived in Dallas. The service has definitely improved since they opened in Chandler. I usually order the grilled chicken pecan salad. Their alcoholic beverages are a great value as well. If you want good food at a good price, give them a try.
3	Good food, AMAZING prices and great drinks. Customer service was extremely slow, they switched waiters on us in the middle of the meal, failed to tell us and then got my order wrong :/
2	Eh...not worth the time/money in my opinion. The decor is nice, but the food is really greasy and will make you feel pretty horrible if you're not used to eating like that. The only real benefit here is that it's pretty inexpensive, but you get what you pay for.
4	The name does not match the place... AT ALL.The atmosphere of the restaurant was great. Very laidback but still looks fancy, so it fits any type of occassion.I went here a couple of nights ago just to get a meal with my bf. The food was very cheap. We got 2 entrees, 2 cocktails and an app for $40. But quality it was all right. Not memorable. And we love going to local places, so dont be fooled this is a chain. A small chain but still a chain throughout the USA.We ordered a lot of food and the portion sizes are huge. So if you are into that - big plus.Most memorable part of the meal - cheese curds and mac and cheese side.4 stars for the atmosphere and service.
1	So I finally got the opportunity to get over to this place last night.  I've been dying to experience the hype and I was quickly disappointed.  When my daughter and I got there it was perfect timing. We were greeted and seated right away. But when we were leaving people were waiting for tables.  Our meal consisted of an appetizer and two entrees.  So let's start with the appetizer.  We started off with a small portion of the Texas cheese fries.  It was perfect for two.  It was more than enough actually.  You could do this for three and stretching it maybe for four.  Overall the flavor was good but it was very salty.  I could feel my hands swelling as we were still there.  Our dinner entrees.  My daughter ordered the bacon burger.  Fries are extra with the burger.  My daughter asked about the cost of the salad and our server told her she's give it to her complimentary.  I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and you get a side with that so I ordered the Mac and cheese.  Which I was told " good choice" at time of ordering.  So this made me very excited about my choice.   Let's start with the bacon burger.  Appearances are very deceiving and plating is a big miss.  It was a half pound burger on a plate.  All by its lonesome.  So that just looked odd.  My daughter picks up her burger and takes her first bite and quickly spits out what she just bit off.  I asked what was wrong and she takes the top of the bun off and in the finely shredded lettuce she had to hunt for the pickles.  When she found them, and if she liked pickles, she would have pickle with every bite and the bacon.  She loves her bacon and had to take it out because it wasn't quit cooked all the way.  Needless to say she could only eat half of it and left the rest behind.  Now for my buffalo chicken wrap and Mac and cheese.  It was two tortillas cut in half with a side of ranch dressing for dipping.  Here appearances were not deceiving.  I could tell by the tortilla that I would not be happy and again plating is a miss.  I took my first bite and wondered where the buffalo sauce was.  It was very bland from that standpoint.  I couldn't taste buffalo sauce at all.  Disappointing.  Then just like my daughter I begin to taste pickle.  I unroll the wrap and I too would have had pickle with every bite.  I didn't even eat half of my meal.  Then I decided to move on to my side.  Another disappointment.  The cheese was very bland and watered down.  Service.  Our waitress was very nice but we didn't have a check in or asked at all how our meal was.  I finally got a refill on my tea after the bill came.  Our total bill came to $28.00 and it probably would have been better off going to a drive through and saved half and gotten a better meal.  This restaurant falls into the category of new American and gastropub.  New American yes, I could see that.  Gastropub I'm still questioning.  I've been to a great, high end gastropub in Los Angeles and I can't even compare the two.  I think they missed that mark.  I think you can tell by my one star rating that I won't be going back again.
5	When we saw the inside we thought "oh no... Another overpriced restaurant with OK food" but the prices AND the food were outstanding! I loved this place! It's so chic and very clean place and the prices are awesome!
3	It has been 14 years since I ate at Cheddar's in Dallas Texas.  When I heard they opened a Cheddars in Chandler Arizona I had to try it.  I took my wife and kids over the weekend and the food was very good along with a cool looking restaurant.  They did not have kids menus for my kids to color with, and the service took forever.  I would go back again because the food was really good.
4	This was a great meal for the price! My husband and I stopped in for an early dinner on a Saturday and were seated right away. The service was great and the food was tasty. My husband had the 8 oz sirloin, medium...it was cooked perfectly. I had the lemon pepper chicken, which was also cooked to perfection (I hate paying for dry chicken at a restaurant!). Both of our sides (mashed potatoes, broccoli cheddar casserole, and steamed broccoli) were nothing mind blowing, but still tasty. I couldn't resist the strawberry swirl margarita at only $3.99, it was massive and delicious. The interior is nice and warm. Overall a great first impression, especially when we received the bill! This place is an awesome value.
5	To say that we love this place would be an understatement!! Great place to eat. Everyone was nice and helpful. Food was amazing!!! Cafe price with high end ambiance! Great prices, large portions and taste was amazing! My husband got the spasagna (baked spaghetti). He loved it!!
4	Tried this place for the first time last night and it was amazing! Shared an app of 2 dips and chicken tenders and it was delicious. I had a burger which came out perfect. Alcoholic drinks were fairly cheap and a good size. Definitely will eat here more often. Service wasn't overly impressive but also not terrible.
3	The decor here is extremely nice, up to date and super clean and as said by many others I had high expectations for the food. I agree the quality is no different than if you were to go to chilis or Applebee's. Nothing to rave about. I was disappointed. Our waitress was super nice, it was about 4pm on a Monday so seating was immediate. I was disappointed that there were a group of employees sitting at a table across the way chit chatting in a large group I'm guessing due to the lack of customers at that time of day but it gave an unprofessional feel. I ordered the Cajun pasta, again nothing to rave about, and I didn't much care for the sauce. The garlic bread was ok but tasted like the same ones I get from the store, Texas garlic toast in the freezer section. And they charged extra when I asked for an extra piece of toast, which I found silly due to the pricing. My husband ordered the steak with mashed potatoes and broccoli, the steak was decent, I liked it better than my pasta and the sides were bland. I expected more. We will try it again I'm sure in hopes of better food.
4	This place has wonderful food. I've eaten here twice with my six year old son, who is a picky eater and he always loves what he gets. The device has been great each time and the prices are reasonable.
5	So happy they came to Arizona. I've been going to cheddars for over twenty years in Texas. The pain killer is my favorite drink! The toasted coconut with honey on the rim is so amazing. You have to try this drink if you go. The prices are so cheap. The cheese dip is so good and they add meat for free. If you haven't tried them your missing out! It's a nice family restaurant. You won't be disappointed. One more thing the plate sizes are Texas sized so you can get an appetizer and then split meal!
3	This place is always hopping so we decided to give it a try. Nice higher end decor and details, great service, cheap prices, and the server proudly proclaimed that everything is made in-house and from scratch...but the food was just mediocre. You get what you pay for right? I think I'll come back for the drinks. They have quite the drink menu (cheap too) and the Painkiller that kept passing by our table was calling my name!!
5	Painkiller!!!! All the food is great and very reasonably priced. One of a few great eateries in chandler.
5	Love this place. The food is always hot and fresh. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable. Great prices too!
1	There are 2 Yelp entries for this restaurant and the other one has more reviews. Wish there was a way to avoid duplicate business entries.
5	Jen found this place by searching the area using Yelp. We have been trying to try new places and we totally scored with this pick. Jen saw they had fried cheese curds which they call Cheddar Bites on the menu and knows I love them. We ordered those and some hand breaded o-rings for apps. $5 for the rings and it was a huge pile the size of my head. The bites were breaded in a crispy Panko like breading and were frickin awesome. Also, they have the good ranch and not the sour cheap stuff. Jen ordered New Orelans Pasta and I ordered the hand breaded chicken strips. The breading was flaky and not too thick; just right. The chicken strips were about an inch thick in diameter, juicy, and tender. They were great. Jen's bowl of pasta was enough to feed at least two people. It had shrimp, chicken, and sausage. Jen said it was just ok. I thought the chicken was a little overcooked as it was dry and tough. We both agreed it could have used a little more spice and flavor. All of that plus our drinks and our bill was only $42.20. We had leftover equal to the amount we ate; at least. It was a really really good deal for all that we ordered. The server Matthew was spot on and we never had to wait long for a refill or extra side of sauce. The booths were big and roomy and the decor was very nice and warming. The menu had a really wide variety from pasta and salads to steak and seafood. Definitely something for everyone and very good prices. We will definitely be back.
3	Fair food service is okay! It's a nice place its new. I would say an upscale tx roadhouse! Food is plentiful for the price. Mgr running around but never saw visit any tables. Time of order to service is fair. Third visit and so far as long as things stay on the better side of good, we'll continue to visit.
5	Had lunch here on 10/3 with Theresa J.  Not only was the food awesome, the prices are excellent.  Very casual, service fast, very clean.  Servers very attentive.  I had the chicken and ginger rice off the lighter menu.  Theresa had the lemon pepper whitefish.   I will definitely be back!
5	best service we've had in a long time , plus they have the best rib's in arizona !! great staff, clean place all around great night out , keep up the good work !!
3	My husband really likes this place, so we came here.  However, I am gluten free.  They do have a gluten free menu, but it is not very big.  Everything offered is without sauce - like bbq ribs without sauce, salmon without sauce, chicken without seasoning.  There is one saiad on the GF menu, a chicken salad with candied pecans, but you have to skip the pecans and can only get balsamic vinaigrette or french dressing.  None of that sounded good, so I wound up ordering a bun-less burger and fries.  It was okay - it was a huge burger so it was filling, but the bacon on it was too salty.  They have a kid's menu with plenty of options - the mac n cheese was too fancy for my daughter - it had a bread crust on top and the apples with yogurt is chopped up green apples mixed with yogurt and golden raisins.  My son said it was very tart.
4	Love the Monte Cristo Sandwich.  It is enough to share, its huge.  My daughter liked the ribs.  Nice clean restaurant with friendly service.  Very clean and a good diner type food menu.  Prices are also not bad.  I loved the crossiant that came with my cesar salad.  I will return for sure.
1	Really wanted to like this place. The decor is beautiful a nice staff but the food is horrible. Tried it three times and have been disappointed three times.  Will never go back
1	Gross. Gross. Gross. The food quality, service, and overall atmosphere all leave something to be desired. You couldn't pay me to eat here ever again.
3	The decor is extremely nice here...felt fancy...Nice fish tank which kept both of my kids occupied...good pricing. ..ok food...nothing too special to brag about. ..The strawberry iced tea was ok.. The 8 oz steak was cooked perfectly. ...lacked seasoning. Mashed potatoes were ok....broccoli cheese casserole was my favorite and the only thing I finished.  My husband's steak which came with the combo was over cooked...even though we both ordered it medium. His shrimp was good. Talapia and shrimp was ok....nothing to rave about. The side of fries were $1.99 and very small...even for my kids...and the mac and cheese was a hit....The server was great...He was super friendly and good with asking how everything was going and with refills.
4	Had my second visit here 11-11-14. Quality food. Casual dinning. Will be a new go to good food spot.  Inside is nice, seems a bit too dark. Full bar with a cool fish tank. Chicken tenders and ribs combo very good. Definitely recommend to try!
4	Great food, massive portions, and hit or miss service.  Definitely come when it isn't busy and ordering the chicken strips is always safe.  Try them buffalo style!
1	Cheddar is better but not here. I was invited to join in on a birthday celebration dinner so I went. I checked out the menu before hand just to see the options I had.  Nothing wet my whistle but to be polite I went.Just as I expected,  lousy tasteless bland American food. But, wait, the place was packed and hungry people waiting to get in. I'm puzzled ?The service we had was as bad as the food I ordered.Our salads were to be served before our meal and it didn't happen.  But our server had a good excuse she said " boy are we busy"My beer battered fish and chips were luke warm and the fries were cold and dry. I only choose that menu item because nothing else appealed to me.I could go on and on but I don't want to waste my time just like the people that prepared my food.Cheddar needs to get better, but not for me..yuck !
4	This place has killer service and better food! The prices are very fair and affordable. Shout out to Matt for his great service, awesome attitude and impressive moustache! Definitely coming back!
3	Excellent food and service last night however when in the restroom your huge metal toilet paper cover fell on my knee leaving a bruise! I let a waitress know it was hanging there and she laughed and said "oh haha its been like that" ! Really! I'm just glad it didn't fall on a little kid!
5	Have seen this place for a while....finally tried it for my moms birthday and we were thrilled. The wait for a Wednesday night was 20 minutes. Good sign right? Service was good, good was excellent. Will be back to try again super excited!
3	We heard good reviews from people and I was thinking this was similar to Texas Roadhouse, etc (which is nasty).. We got tips from ppl that the Mac n Cheese was off the hook.... Well, not so much,, actually closer to the same as say KFC... we even ordered 2 servings thinking it would be so great.. Beer battered Fish... Very good, and not over oily.. nice flavors. 1/2 Rack Ribs ... great flavor, and a little overcooked, but that worked out so you can uses a fork n eat without getting overly messy. Grilled Shrimp - had an off taste, definitely over cooked as well, but was edible. Broccoli Cheese Casserole was actually VERY good, could almost eat that as a main dish.. Not quite what we expected, but will be back periodically., ** bartender wasn't too attentive, we usually sit at the bar to get better service,
4	Love Cheddars. We were so excited when they opened it here in the Valley. This is our favorite restaraunt . There maui margaritas are the best.
4	This place has killer service and better food! The prices are very fair and affordable. Shout out to Matt for his great service, awesome attitude and impressive moustache! Definitely coming back!
4	This place has killer service and better food! The prices are very fair and affordable. Shout out to Matt for his great service, awesome attitude and impressive moustache! Definitely coming back!
4	First time going to this restaurant. The service was great. The staff is very friendly. Will definitely come back. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Awesome place to come especially if your looking for some interesting drinks.  They have a pain killer and a maui Margarita which are our favorite.  The price in everything is perfect nothing out of budget.  The food had been tasteful and presentable.  Will be coming back and trying new food
5	Great prices, atmosphere and food. I had the steak and half rack of ribs. My wife had the chicken tenders.
4	Came here for lunch.  It was a nice environment.  They serve good comfort good that you are use to.  I had the chicken fried chicken, huge portions and tasted great.  The chicken did not loose it's crispy after smothered by the country sauce.  Mash potatoes and the corn on the cob was great too.   The server was good but we had to ask for new silverware due to they were dirty.
3	Our first visit was today - a nice looking restaurant with good service.The reason for three stars is, three of us ordered the Philly Cheese-Steak and all three were unhappy.  I honestly haven't ever seen cheese-steak prepared as this (was) with diced mushrooms, onions, and peppers with see through paper thin "snips" of beef.  Skip it, the coleslaw, and black beans.On the other hand, two ordered the ribs and I assure you not even a sliver of meat remained!  Baked potato, french fries, and broccoli cheddar casserole - all very good.Word to the wise..."fan out" when ordering to improve your chances of success.
4	Excellent warm-your-belly comfort food, doesn't cost an arm and a leg, and the staff is friendly and attentive.   Drink menu is extensive, beer menu is fairly diverse.  The house-made Queso and chips are delicious, the chicken strips are amazing, nice and crispy and light and not greasy at all, with huge portions.  Mashed potatoes are better than mom's and their new mac & cheese is delicious.  My baja grilled chicken off the "lighter" menu was delicious and the black beans had a spicy kick that was nice, and not overpowering.  Leaving the place, we passed a Chili's, and I said to the family, for the same money, I would go to Cheddars 100 times before I'd step foot in another Chili's or Applebee's.  And when I asked a waitress at the Elephant Bar why she thought it was so dead on a Thursday night, she said "I think it's the Cheddars down the road".  And i think she was right.
5	It is a very nice and elegant place, but without the high price tags. Friendly and fast service.  We loved the onion rings, the chicken tenders and the steak. But no so much the mashed potatoes. We highly recommend it.
5	My boyfriend and I drove past Cheddars a few months back, and decided we wanted to try it out. Today was the day that finally happened!As soon as we walked in, we were impressed by the decor and cleanliness. We got seated right away at a cozy booth. Our server Matthew was quick to greet us and suggest appetizers and drinks. Our onion rings were amazing, and for only $5 we got a huge stack. Both of our meals were served promptly and were very tasty. Matthew was quick on refills and checked back on us frequently, always with a smile. It's safe to say we will be back!
4	First time going to this restaurant.  The service was great. The staff is very friendly.  Will definitely come back. I would recommend this place to anyone.
