1	My bf and I decided to try Serrano's because it is very close to where we live and based on the previously good review on Yelp. It is a hole in the wall with decent prices and good service, but the food was so BLAH! I may be biased having grown up with homemade Mexican food, but I find it very hard to make flavorless Mexican food, which this was. I had the menudo which was was neither good nor bad, until I got sick on it. My bf had a carne asada burrito which he said was "ok." We both agreed that the chips were not good at all; seriously, how many Mexican places make crappy chips? VERY few. The salsa bar was also quite sad.Serrano's redeeming qualities are its good service, the fact that they make their food upon ordering, and its horchata. The blandness and fact that I got sick are enough to make me not eat there again though.
4	We felt so lonely for home when we moved here in 05.  Found this place by accident. Now I can honestly say I feel like a party of the family.  I fell in love with the food and bring my whole family here.  I dont really care for the menudo or the tamales (sorry Mr Serrano) my son gets the quesadilla with carne asada and fries. Mom gets the caldo de res, hubby gets chile colorado. I get the taquitos. Everything is really good ...if I had ever had a problem with the food, I just tell Mr or Mrs Serrano and they fix it quick fast and in a hurry for me.  Try it, and if you dont like it they will make it right.  As soon as I go back to Vegas...Im going to say hello and have dinner with my adopted extended family.
5	I love this little place, I have been here several times and they never cease to impress me.  At first, one thinks that they are entering the average, everyday taco shop but at Serrano's, they take care of you.  After you enter, if you're not sure what you would like to eat, you can have a seat instead of ordering at the counter and the server will bring you a menu and chips with salsa while you read it over.  They will take your order at either the counter or your table and they have an awesome little salsa bar.  The Flan is amazing.  I highly recommend this place to everyone looking for a little taco shop with an extra flare of class.  Definitely a step above the rest.
5	I love this place. I come here with the co-workers at least once a week. From the outside it looks like a normal taco shop, the food however is anything but. The caldo de res is just stupid good and the albondigas is litterally the best I've ever had. It looks like the cook ran to a farmers market to buy the vegetables fresh each morning just for the soup. The other food is quite good and always made to order. Not your typical cheese covered run of the mill usual offerings. The salsa bar here is worth a visit alone. For what its worth there is usually 4 of us that go to lunch and not one talks nor offers another a taste of eachothers food. I f they expanded to my neighborhood in the SW I would probably have to start paying rent there.
5	ordered some tamales and Mr Serrano was cooking tem when I came to pick them up. I was expcting frozen! When they were done he even showed them to me,,,, I almost devoured them right then and there. Needless to say they were amazing!
5	This is a wonderful little family owned business! Their food is fantastic and the folks who run it are so nice. I Am fortunate to work in the same plaza as them so I  get to enjoy their food all the time. They recently catered lunch for our office, and did a great job. This place is the best and all of our employees eat here constantly.
3	Chips kinda blow, as does the salsa...  But the customer service was pretty kick ass... it was only three tables an a couple of take outs.. but they paid attention and I have paid a lot more for what we got... Menudo... my moms is the best hands down... but I liked this one... they give you enough pepper and lemon t make it taste good. the siete mares aka 7 seas was kinda weak ,but for under 10 bucks it was good!
5	I really enjoy this place, and have made it almost a weekly lunch spot since I work close by. The food is awesome and the service is impeccable. I will agree with some of the other reviewers that the chips are not the greatest, but I'd rather have a good meal then good chips any day. The Basa filet and albondigas are staples for me. But the beef tongue tacos are excellent as well.
5	Awesome place! I found this online looking for a nearby mexican food place. It's a small hole in the wall place with a nice cafe feel to it. They serve you personally, like a restaurant and the service is excellent. The food was very very tasty and presented on an actual plate, not styrofoam unless you take out. Refillable drinks and great prices. I had the taco plate, was sooo good, fat tacos with rice and beans. Very good. Dessert was fabulous! You get Flan or Fried ice cream and it was beautifully decorated, both were amazing! Great value and I loved it! I'm definitely going back. P.S. the chips are good, they are the thicker crunchy kind. Nothing wrong with them, just a different style. The house salsa was the best so get some of that to go with the chips.
5	This is a gem of a place and a real family owned business. They serve generous portions and are extremely friendly! The best part is the fantastic flan and I was told that this was a recipe that has been in their family for 30 years. This is an authentic Mexican restaurant with great food. Try it - you won't be disappointed.
5	Their food is really good, service is great and prices are very reasonable. This is a must go everybody :)
5	Took the family here.  I liked it.  Food took awhile but it was great.  Very nice people.  Family run.  I will go here again.   Plus, harbor freight is right next door !!Update - Have been back 3 times.  Every time was good.
4	In a world where anything but 5 stars is bad, this is 5 stars. In a world where 5 stars = incredible food, this is a solid 4-star spot.Expansive menu, friendly service and excellent prices here. I had the cheese enchiladas (my baseline for Mexican places) and they were a bit bland but good. The chips and salsa are BOMB. After a few bites of the enchiladas, I covered them in salsa and NOM NOM NOM. They have fountain Coke products,which is a huge plus in my book.I will be back again soon!
5	We come here every single time we come to Las Vegas! Sometimes more than once a day! You won't find delicious Mexican food like this anywhere else in Vegas! I highly recommend coming for breakfast for their Chilaquiles!!! AMAZING! And I just about had everything on third lunch/ dinner menu!  Service is amazing and a great family owned restaurant! Try it out you won't be disappointed!
5	WOW!  I have been to many Mexican restaurants and this one is amazing!  Great food, clean, fast and amazing prices.  Very friendly family owned place.  I love their Melanisa de Pollo con Tamal.  Huge variety of dishes to choose from.  This place is a must if you like Mexican home cooking.
5	Awesome food, quick service, and real sugar coke behind the counter. The food portions are a bit on the large side, and the salsas are excellent.
5	Amazing service! And the food is bomb!!! Love it! The fried ice cream is to die for!!!
5	Amazing service!  Unbelievably polite and fast service.  We called in with some questions and were explained everything about the menu. Food was so good, this place exceeded our expectations. We are definitely coming back and would recommend this place to everyone. Such a great family run vibe.
5	After years of business trips to Vegas, I finally, FINALLY, found an authentic Mexican restaurant. While it is pretty much necessary to have a car to get to this restaurant from the strip, it's worth the short drive if you don't want a gringo nacho platter like you find on the strip. This is a family-owned restaurant with a fresh-made salsa bar and entrees that taste like they come from Mexico. I had awesome fish tacos for lunch, and the flan for dessert was superb! The restaurant is by no means fancy, and is in fact a casual spot within a strip mall area. If you've got a nudge for real Mexican food though, this is the place.
5	Family owned Mexican food stop, fresh salsa bar with a good variety, beats the heck out of the other chain just down the street. Clean interior that is well lit and cooled with ceiling fans during the hot summer months, nice subtle decor, comfy booths. I've eaten here there or four times, and never been disappointed, always leaving fat n happy! Just had a breakfast burrito with chorizo, enchilada style, and yum yum yum!
5	This place is amazing! We have many options for Mexican food in the area and we always decide on Serrano's!!!
5	This restaurant is quickly turning me into a regular. The food is always great, and the service never fails to match. I've ordered here quite a few times now, and the service and food is always better than the last.I don't think in any of the half-dozen times eating here that there is anything bad that I could say about the service or the food.
4	You need to get fried ice cream from this place !! Or any kind of food is authentic , total mom & pops restaurant. do yourself a favor, eat here & don't skip dessert !
5	This is a really lovely little spot sandwiched between Harbor Freight and Food 4 Less. Don't let the name fool you, this isn't your average grab and go taqueria. Their dine-in meals are served on proper plates, not in styrofoam boxes, and are brought to you at your table. The free refills on the horchata were a welcome surprise. Take that, Roberto's!Serrano's is a mom and pop establishment in it's 9th year, according to the friendly young man who served us. The place was impeccably clean and looked freshly painted, (including the restroom,) and the decor is fun with lots of personality.  The food isn't gourmet, but it's solid, freshly prepared, and not greasy and heavy like most taco shops. It tastes like a casual, home cooked meal. I had a small steak, a chile relleno, and a cheese enchilada. The chile had a bright fresh flavor, and the enchilada was tasty. The rice and beans weren't as out of this world as some of the reviews say, but definitely above average. They have a very nice salsa bar, but most of them were a bit watery and could have used a little more oomph. The charred red salsa was an exception! Yum!  (I'll be the first to admit that I'm spoiled by my roommate's fantastic Mexican home cooking, and my boyfriend's epic salsa, so the bar is set pretty high in my world. Haha!) We finished off our meal with an exceptionally good fried ice cream on the house. (Thanks, guys!) For food, I'd rate Serrano's at 4 stars. For the excellent service, friendliness, pride, and love these folks clearly put in to their establishment? A solid 5 and then some! I'll be back for sure!
5	Great homemade Mexican food.  This place is family operated and the food taste authentic!  This place is popular, the entire time we ate lots of people coming in and picking up orders.  It's a must try!
3	Very solid Mexican food, almost Tex-Mex style. Heads up, the "fast food" part of the restaurant name is a bit of a misnomer. They can do a takeout order in about 10 minutes, but it's basically a walk-up and dine-in establishment.Enjoyed their California steak burrito- special item, not on the regular menu. Order any of their burritos wet with enchilada sauce, it's mild but flavorful. Trying the enchiladas on my next visit. Breakfast burritos are large with choice of meat, shrimp and fish tacos are listed a la carte instead of as plates.Service was friendly (and fluent), salsa bar is quite nice (the roasted salsa in particular rocks), and they offer tamales by pre-order: 2 days advance notice, 2 dozen for ~$15?
5	This place is amazing. They make there own chips. I have eaten at this place many times and have never been disappointed. I have tried their enchiladas, burritos and breakfast menu .
1	You have to be kidding. If.you think.this is grate food. You  can.do.better at tacco bell.
2	I went in with high hopes...I love authentic mexican food! I saw some good yelp reviews, and live near by.....Not at all what I was hoping for......I had the grilled chicken taco salad..... ugh....... quality was just not there! Worst Grilled chicken ever!My husband had the carne asada burrito.... he thought the same.... ugh.... quality was not there.....Their chips and salsa was the only reason for the two stars, fresh, tasty, really good.The rest of the food was not good at all.Ingredients are not fresh or prepared fresh.I get that they are family owned and operated...... but this is not quality authentic mexican food.
5	FANTASTIC! !! Wonderful family and they have great food TOO!!! Everything is amazing, you really can't go wrong, they even make tamales.
5	5 stars if you like small hole in the wall spots with awesome food and cheap prices. I love this spot.
5	A hidden gem! Good food, great prices and very friendly service.
5	Good food and really nice people! Love their chicken and rice soup - especially with the hot sauce they serve with it! Yummy!
