4	I used to hate that Einstein's was the only bagel place on campus, cause i loved Bruegger's so much better.I've since grown to enjoy these bagels more. The service here was usually pretty quick (sometimes you only have like 10 minutes between classes) which was nice. it's nice that it's located on the outer corner of the MU building, as it can get packed in that building, and it it's got it's own entrance and exit.
1	I went in on a slow day and asked to order one of their hot sandwiches; turns out it wasn't in stock. So I went with the Asiago bagel with a Sundried tomato paste. I wanted a drink, but all they had were some bottled Nantucket Nectars and orange juice; I went with the Nectar, which was too sweet for my taste.After waiting ten minute for my bagel, I asked what was going on...they had forgotten my order. The server, annoyed, made me another bagel and it was out in a few minutes.Even at first glance, the food looked utterly disgusting. The bagel's crust wasn't firm, but all soggy from the oils it was prepared in. The faux cheese topping was old, stale, and tasteless. But its the filling that got me. Not even a spread, it was a gooey, thick, oozing, sludge. When it arrived, I tasted a little of it on its own and quickly hoped that it would taste better with the excuse-of-a-bagel; a few bites of the bagel proved me wrong and made me feel sick to the point where I almost threw up.Terrible food shouldn't be so terrible it makes you sick. I suspect their kitchen isn't as clean as it should be, or, that they get their food pre-packaged and delivered (from where they let it go stale). They'll soon be famous for poisoning half of Tempe.
1	So I went back today, hoping that my experience was a single bad incident. This time I stayed clear of their bagels and went for one of their Italian Grilled Sandwiches, which seemed decent. I secretly hoped that given the price at $7, it would be a tad better than the previous day's horror.Unfortunately, even as I just opened the sandwich, my stomach screamed in protest. It was the same, gooey, prepared mess as before. The chicken (which wasn't even cut, so the two halves of the sandwich weren't separate) was tough, dry, and flavorless. The vegetables were overdone and gooey. I suspect the whole thing was made in a microwave because even the bread had lost its texture. Needless to say, after a single bite, I donated my meal to the trash can.I stand by my last review; this place has got to be one of the worst places I have ever eaten.
4	Einstein has an interesting way of taking your order - instead of standing in line, making your order, paying for it, then waiting for your food to enjoy. They add another step: between making your order and paying for it, they make you wait again. Personally, I'm a 4 step kinda girl, so that extra 5th step throws me off a little. Every bagel I have ever tried here has been delicious! I wouldn't recommend the Bagel Poppers, after about 3 of them you start to feel like a damp sponge that has be left outside on a very humid day...not good. Don't get their hot chocolate unless you like the super sweet milky tasting coco - I prefer a stronger/bitter chocolate.This location is always packed, but I have never had bad service - and I am a fan!
1	I have not been in for a while - what a shock!  The place is dirty, the folks working there can't say hello, turn away when you are at the counter.  Only coffee is decaf and some vanilla flavor, milk & half and half are empty, no sugar, counter is filthy.  Are you serious about selling those black bananas?
4	This is my favorite breakfast/brunch spot. Fresh bagels and different types of cream cheese.They even have Bagel Thins for those who are cutting their carbs. You don't pay the person who took you order, but move down the line to pay for your food.Their iced coffee are a great deal!! It's a 20oz cup for less than $3!
4	Every week I would have a coffee here before teaching class.  The staff are super friendly and helpful.   The restaurant is always immaculate and has a great environment for getting work done or socializing.
1	My coworker went here (the one in ASU Memorial Union)  for breakfast sometimes, so I decided to try it out too. I purchased a coffee and a brownie, the lady told me that she needed to check in the kitchen. Later on another guy came out and brought a brownie to me, he was telling to the lady that "this is the last one from......." The lady disrupted him immediately and quickly took my credit card. When she was making the coffee for me, she was talking to another lady in Spanish in front of me, saying that the brownie was a left over one and the guy was talking loudly, and how he should have not do so in front a customer....The whole mumble brought me doubts to this place. I don't know what left over food they would give to me or any customer again.
5	I have lunch here nearly every Tuesday. The staff are always friendly and Einsteins always has good food. It's a great place to meet people and talk. The patio is great, except in really hot or humid weather, which doesn't happen often (gotta love AZ weather!).
3	Service is slow and taste is inconsistent... They're always crowded and have a hard time finding my order...
