5	Was in Charlotte for a business trip and was looking for a good cigar lounge, I found it at CCC.  The staff was knowledgeable and very friendly.  Prices are very reasonable and competitive.  Selection was good and the cigars I purchased were in great shaped and smoked very well.  They also have beer, wine and soda available and the lounge was comfortable and welcoming.  The other part of this establishment that makes it a great stop are their customers, they were friendly, the regulars made me feel at home.  Stop in and see Larry, Matthew and Louie, they will not disappoint you.
2	Hello friends,It seems like they are going out of their way to lose starts (Yelp Stars, and star customers, or would be customers).I purchased a cigar from here a while ago. I walked in to Try to smoke one and Before the door closed, I was greeted. Good job.I told the guy I wanted to come cop a squat & smoke it. Well, this guy says..."You can ONLY SMOKE what you buy from US. He didn't even ask. I could have matched his ignorance by going on & on. Why did he ASSume that I didn't buy it there.That kinda pissed me off. I could have been meeting a few of my friends here to purchase and smoke here. HE LOST MY BUSINESS. I will spread the word. In fact, I left and went to another spot near South Park and was invited in with open doors. I told all the guys there about my experience. They said they have heard same thing from others & members. I understand the rule, no problem. But the Fact that he didn't even ASK if i purchased it there FIRST!!
2	I don't mind coming here because the set up is pretty nice......I've had better.  Better than what Charlotte proves I mean.  Again, the set up is nice so I go.  I takes a while before the staff will warm up to you.  I don't know what it is but...not too folksy If you know what I mean.  $100 a month for a membership for that small lounge...not gonna happen captain.
4	Decent cigar place with good parking and they sell you booze. How can they do that?In Chicago, we call that a bar or tavern. No smokie smokie! Anyway, I thoroughly enjoyed my 1500 Churchill and Chimay.
