4	Just voted best community pool in Pittsburgh! You'll find the regular pool amenities: shallow and deep ends, lap lane, diving board and snack bar. They also have a slide, mushroom fountain, slide and ample "lawn" to sunbathe and relax.  The community "pooled" (ha ha!) together to raise money to repair and save.  The staff is friendly, helpful and keeps the pool in tip-top shape.
5	I write this in a state of total lobster like redness.  Disclaimer: Don't worry, at the end I will promote safe SPF procedures!I've forever passed this pool in the summer and longingly looked over at the gloriously refreshing looking water.  Why has it taken me this long to visit?  I have no excuse!  This should have happened ages ago because I love being at the pool and I don't have room for a kiddie pool in my backyard.  I think maybe my ONE excuse would have been that I was terrified the pool would be full of screaming, wild, peeing in the pool type kids.  And while it is...it's WAAAAAAAY over on the other end of this humongo pool.  We took a prime spot right by the deep end where it's a peaceful, mostly adult type setting.  THANK GAWD.  I laid, i dipped, I dived, I swam....I even took a plunge down the water slide (amidst other 13 and unders). I thoroughly enjoyed watching the youngins' (Yes, I'm 80 years old) take their "deep end" test where they had to swim from one end of the pool to the other without stopping.  If they passed, it meant they were allowed to swim in the deep end.  It was fun cheering on the kids who were trying to pass it.  I mean, could I have even passed right now??  Ummmm...probably not.  I'll stick to lounging around.  For $6 a visit this is a steal compared to a $30 mystic tan that will last 10 days.  OK, now for my disclaimer that everyone probably knows already...REAPPLY!  That's all, see you next week!
5	I have no idea why I waited so long to check this out, but the Dormont Pool is awesome!I couldn't argue with "free" on Memorial Day, and it was 92 humid degrees, so I took the plunge. Packed up my towel and sunscreen and headed for the pool, just like everyone else in town. The pool is huge, with plenty of room for everyone. The 5-9ft deep end is big enough with room to spare, and the vibe is chill. While I wish that there could be room to spread out a towel on both sides of the pool (one side is cement/wooded), I didn't have much trouble finding a shady spot. Honestly, I didn't spend much time on the grass, anyway. The pool was way too inviting on that sunny day. Check it out! Adults are $6 for the day and $2.50 after 5pm. I'm seriously thinking about getting a season pass so that I can go even more often...
4	Since I've become a resident of the Dormont area, I fancy the idea of a pool named after it. The Dormont Pool is legit. Imitators beware.First off, the actual pool is huge. One can use the slide, (which isn't exclusively fun for children,) swim some laps, or dive off their platform of a diving board all in the same body of water. The Dormont Pool has free wifi which is awesome, but for a $6 fee every time, it's kind of expected. Not gonna lie. I wish the diving board had some more bounce, even though I know the pool has to be deeper than like 12 feet, I'm just saying. Plus, the entrance fee is kind of ifffyy. I mean if you're not a babysitter, how much time do you really spend at a pool. I'm thinking like 2 hours max.Maybe that's just me.
4	big huge pool along banksville road .  old .  check out the historic black & white pictures in the entrance .  nearly closed due to high over-head costs but the community stopped that from happening and the summer pass fees are pretty expensive, especially if you're not a resident of Dormont as I am not .  have to look at it as a charitable donation to keep this pool open another year , I guess .cheaper to get in, after 6:00 pm. ($2.50)  this is about only time I go.  water can be quite COLD, early in the season, beware .  lot of sexy ladies : )  big upgrade, socially & aesthetically over the city pools .
5	Even though we live on the east end of the city, we take the trip to the Dormont pool to enjoy the sun (trust me, its not an easy trip.. on weekends its a bus ride to town, subway ride and then a 10-15min walk downhill- uphill on the way back) I like this pool because its so large! The pool was packed yesterday for Memorial Day, yet you couldn't even tell because of how spread out everyone was- oh and maybe because 75% weren't in the pool and just sunbathing over in the grass. Yeah, you could tell the the capacity by looking at the sidelines but we did find spot all the way in the back which was fine.I think the slide is super cool and even though its not "fast" you still get to enjoy a waterslide at a swimming pool. There is also a volleyball net to enjoy and play some v-ball. The shallow end has that adorable mushroom fountain it's just all around a nice pool... minus all of the leaves and flowers from the surrounding trees but hey what can ya do? Oh, and kudos to the snack shack employees. That line didnt end yesterday and there were just people complaining here and there, but they still kept a friendly smile on their face :)
3	I don't visit many public pools considering I have a pool in my own backyard. However, due to opening ours a little late this year, we decided to head to Dormont Pool on a hot day.  It's six bucks to get in which is reasonable and the concessions are cheap as well. You can get a decent amount of snacks for the same price of admission. Another positive is the friendly staff! They're all people from the neighborhood who take pride in their pool and rec center. The best part of this pool is the fact that they allow rafts. No other public pools in the area let you use them so it's this is a huge perk. While it's nice to float, the water is freezing! Like, I'm talking cooooold! We went a week or so after opening so I'm sure it takes awhile for it to heat up, especially since the pool is so massive. Aside from the water, the pool is in okay condition. Nothing spectacular. The sidewalks were made with a gravel/stone-like concrete so it's hard on your feet and the bottom of the pool is a little cracked so you should watch your step. They also placed the pool next to a bunch of trees so you'll find many leaves floating around. There is a large amount of room to lay out, however the grass is a little rough. Not bad to spend a few hours in the day, however this is nothing like the amazing Mt. Lebanon pool. For a dollar more you will get a better experience, however they don't allow rafts which prevents us from visiting.
