4	Studio One lies hidden away in a basement in the west end, it is a veritable treasure cove of useless yet desirable little knick knacks. My mum used to come here for stocking fillers when I was wee and that's probably the best way to describe the contents of the shop: it's full of stocking fillers. Admittedly there are some useful bits and pieces like hideously expensive cookware (heart shaped Le Creuset casserole dishes, I want!) and some decent enough items of jewellery, but who wants to bother with boring stuff like that when there are fortune telling fish and worry dolls beckoning to you. This is a fantastic shop to visit if you're in need of an inexpensive and interesting present for someone.
4	The layout of this place is reminds me of an art gallery. The precision layout, interesting point of sale displays and overall clean and crisp presentation makes for a pleasant wander round the shop, not to mention the explosion of colour apparent at the entrance.Studio one is great for the odd unique present.  The children toy section is full of charming playthings, whilst the more practical household section contains some Ikea beating designs.Upmarket and not afraid to show (in the prices too), Studio one is full of innovatively designed stuff.
5	When I first strolled past Studio One, I thought it was a trendy bar - I couldn't see inside the windows since I was on the opposite side of the road and it's situated on the lower level of the street.How excited was I to find one of the best shops in Edinburgh!Selling all kinds of everything, they have some cute retro kids toys, a number of popular classic books, prints, very unique shelving units shaped like tower blocks, quirky board games and funky notepads - like I said, everything.Even though there is a huge amount of choice in this sleek, clean shop, items are unique, quirky and packed with personality. Some of the more expensive stock looks like it has been made by independent designers, and even the more mainstream stuff is cool and unusual.I will be going back to Studio One to do my Christmas shopping - it is the cutting edge of cool and one of the best stores you can find in Edinburgh! It's more like a miniature modern art gallery showcasing trends and odd designs than it is a shop.
4	"Oooo look at all the beautiful THINGS!" I guarantee 99% of girls who walk in here will think or exclaim just that. This place is a little (but actually really rather big) Aladin's Cave of literally allsorts.It's even fun in itself to wander around, as it has different 'rooms' that go around in one big loop, so as you wander deeper into it, you don't know when it will end, until you're back at the front door again. Just let the rooms of delight keep on coming!I took a right at the front door, and found some jewellery cases, a room full of gorgeous leather hand bags, vases, clocks, which merged into cookware, cookbooks, which then became candles, toiliteries that smelled like chocolate, slowly becoming chocolate that was flavoured with lavendar, which turned into chocolate coins and children toys. Really quite the magical window-shopping experience!I came very close to buying one of the gorgeous hand-made brown leather satchels, so have yet to purchase anything here but it is delightful to wander round.If you ever need a gift for a good lady friend, or even a special man in your life, you'll likely find it here. It's a little bit pricier in some respects, but sells very high quality products (think artisan chocolate rather than Thorntons).Melikey! Meshouldstayaway if I want to remain in the green!
5	I love this little homeware/toy/gift shop tucked away in the basement.. I love that they showcase a lot of local artists and jewellery makers as well..This really is a great place to go to find gifts for anyone of any age! They have things which are hilarious and quirky to gorgeous cushions, lampshades, wine decanters and various other things you probably never realised you wanted until you saw it...The staff are always super friendly and helpful but totally happy to leave you alone to browse and fossick around... I always stop in and have a poke around when I'm in the West End... it's probably the only place in Edinburgh to buy that tea thermometer you never knew you needed!!
4	Great wee hidden gem of a shop just off Shandwick place. Guaranteed to find something unusual for a present and the toys section is traditional and you find yourself playing with wooden snakes, slinkies and yoyos! I can easily spend a fortune in this lovely shop. They have it decorated so nicely for Christmas.
5	Studio One is absolutely delightful! I could spend hours looking at all the cute knick-knacks and cool gadgets that they sell, and if I ever get married it's going to be a toss-up between here and John Lewis as to who gets my registry.My mum has fond memories of Studio One too, and she's lived in Glasgow for 30 years! "Ooh I loved Studio One, does that still exist?" is the sort of thing she'll say. So it's been around and much loved for a long time.If you're stuck for present ideas for a birthday or Christmas you're bound to find something here that'll suit - then nip upstairs to PaperTiger for wrapping paper and a card. Sorted!
