5	This place is to die for!!!! You get to taste all kinds of oils and vinegars before buying. You can even bring your own container back each time. I tried cranberry which has a wonderful strong flavor, fig which I would have never tried unless someone suggested it which had a strong robust flavor and pomegranate, another really good one.I walked out of the store and didn't buy any because I couldn't decide. But I can't stop thinking about this place and how healthy this is for us.I will be back later in the week when it isn't as busy.It's well worth the drive to get to this place!!!! TRY IT ONCE and you will be hooked!
2	I purchased a groupon to this location as it was new to my neighborhood. When I redeemed, I was told that the groupon was only good for certain items, it did not state that on groupon interesting. The acceptable were  the bulk oil and vinegar , oh and you must purchase your own container from this store to put the oil and vinegar in. Oils were ok, but for the money stick with the store in Paradise valley mall that has a larger variety of product, reasonable pricing and they do not charge you for a bottle to put the oil in. My husband left the store during my transaction as the salesperson kept trying to up sell him the whole time. Uncomfortable and we will not be back.
4	Wow what a cool place. Inside you'll find a vast selection from all over the world of imported olive oils, vinegars, pesto, tapenades, appetizers, marinades, sauces, dressings, mustards, specialty salts, exotic herb mixes and much more. They also have several handcrafted ceramics and culinary accessories to make you feel like you are the King or Queen of the kitchen.The friendly staff here is extremely knowledgeable and more than happy to share what they know. History of the product, how it is made, cooking tips, as well as providing a giant array of tasty items to sample. We tried several of the oils along with all the yummy vinegars on their display table. They even have spicy HOT sauces. Nice!Had to get a bottle of the fantabulous Cherry Almond Balsamic Vinegar that we all enjoyed while sampling. They say you can even put it on Cheese Cake or Ice Cream.They also offer custom labels personalized for your special occasion such as weddings, corporate events, employee appreciation, etc. Hmmm?Definitely plan on coming back again. YES!4.5 STARS
5	We visited Oil & Vinegar several weeks ago and were blown away by the outstanding customer service. We spoke with both employees that were working that day (I wish I could remember their names) and both were happy to help and answer our questions. We sampled everything from oils & vinegars, obviously, to appetizer spreads and marinades. We walked away with pesto mix, bruschetta mix and white truffle dressing which we used in a shrimp and veggie stir fry and it was amazing! This would also be a great place to go for a hostess or housewarming gift.
5	The staff is very informative and helpful in advising for any type of event.  I went to buy truffle oil for homemade popcorn and they educated me on a variety of oils and seasonings.  I highly recommend that you check them out!
4	They have wonderful vinegars and oils. I love the grapeseed roasted garlic oil which I use a lot of while cooking. I also like the vinegars. They are very friendly and helpful in the store. Love the garlic oils! Just wished it was not so pricey for some of the vinegars and oils. Will definitely continue to support this store though.
3	Personable staff and a good selection of craft oils and vinegars. But, $3.95 for a basic glass bottle that you buy to put the oils in? Seriously, that is the rip-off, when those glass bottles cost 80 cents at Target. It's a corporate idea gone south - too bad.
4	This is such a cool little shop and is a must-stop for foodies and cooks. As a food lover and style buff, I just love the interior design of this place. The decor is beautiful and the shop is well laid out. The vinegar wall is something of a visual marvel that's worth a look even if you aren't in the market to buy anything. This is a great place to buy a housewarming or hostess gift. The employees are always super friendly and knowledgeable and they'll help you put together a nice basket. My husband sometimes buys his corporate gifts here because they look nice and the staff will work with you to fix gifts that fit your budget.Unlike some other shops, the employees here seem eager for you to try all of the free samples of their products -- you'll never be made to feel like a freeloader here, they are encouraging when it comes to trying and trying and trying all of the samples. There are some nice, high end olive oils and vinegars but the shop also sells some interesting spice blends, dried pasta, sauces, jams and chocolates. The dried spices are good (try the Zulu Africa mix) but the selection is limited (don't come here expecting a Penzey's or anything). Great spot to shop for nice kitchen oils.
5	Love this store. There is so much variety in oil and vinegar. You have you're sweet ones that can be paired for salads and marinades -- then there is the more bitter or flat line tastes that give just a jump of flavor. As soon as we walked in we weren't bombarded with trying to be sold, the employees are laid back and very helpful. The ambiance in here is perfect. Couldn't ask for a better presentation of product. Will be back!
