2	What NOT to order...Vanilla ice cream with wet nuts and baby roaches.I've been to the place two other times, and while the ice cream is better than what you might get in the grocery store (and actually in my opinion before my last visit, probably better than Cold Stone), nothing turns you off more than seeing a couple of brown specks cross your sight as you survey the selection of flavors.When the manager was informed quietly, he came to the front , said "oh, yeah." and proceeded to smush the two moving spots with his fingers.Okay, no ice cream for me, thanks.They have gotten gold awards by Maricopa health inspections, and they do have award winning ice cream, but one can't help but have reservations about going back after that.If I do go back, it will be with wide open eyes.  I may change my rating then, but for now...ew.
4	Unexpectedly delightful ice cream in a strip mall location (like just about all my good finds in Phoenix).   Honestly, I was just looking for a quick break and much needed sugar on the drive back from (sleep deprived) days in Vegas...what I found was one of the best ice cream I've had in Phoenix.This little independent gem does it all...ice cream, gelato, mix-ins...and Karen was amazingly friendly and overwhelmingly generous with all her samples.  I was told that she makes everything herself on site.  Everything I tried was super tasty...but the one flavor that can get me in my car and back to Surprise would be Red Velvet.Pricing is a bit different here...you pay for ice cream by the weight rather than by the scoop...great for me since I really do prefer little scoops....lots and lots of little scoops
5	I love the ice cream here! Course, I've never seen baby roaches, thankfully. While the place isn't spotless, it is clean. I love the decor... very charming, and the employees are always friendly. I've had shakes and sundaes here, both have been very good. Also, they sell "pup cups"...a frozen yogurt treat for your four legged kids! My dogs love these pup cups, and at $1.25....it's a great treat for them when it is so hot out! And it is a local store...so all the more reason to support it!
2	It's okay.  We were so pleased when Karen's opened up and visited at least once a month, ordered pre-packs for parties and holidays, and were pleased to support a local business.  I gave up on getting peanut butter as a mix-in when the PB they were using was rancid.  Okay, fine, figured I'd stick with more popular toppings that are probably rotated more often.Then, out of curiosity, I asked Karen if the cake batter ice cream really did have cake mix in it.  She got really snotty and said she wouldn't tell me her "recipe".  I wasn't asking for the recipe, I was asking if it had cake mix in it.  What if I was asking because I was gluten-intolerant?  She just huffed at me and said something about "flavoring oils" and "special combinations."  We haven't been back since.  Oh, and I did find out later that Cold Stone's version has wheat flour in it, so I presume her version is cake mix based, too.  Not that she'll tell you that!But the roaches?  Gack.  Now we definitely WON'T be back.
4	Was at the All Star Fan Fest this weekend, and got to have a cone from their stand inside of the event.  YUMMY!  It was a hot day, and the whole vibe of being at an actually game was only improved by being able to stroll around eating a double dip!
5	This is the old location. For current reviews, look up Karen's Kreamery Cafe'. Here is what I posted for the new location...please give it a chance. I do not know the owners, I just love supporting a good, local business...Great ice cream, super cute store, extremely CLEAN! The ice cream is good, service is always great, and the location is fun (although a little out of the way). The prices are reasonable. I would rather support a locally owned business and pay more than McDonald's prices and less than Cold Stone prices. If you haven't been, and plan on visiting in the Summer, bring suits for the kids. There is a nice little splash area right next to a big playground. Karen's Kreamery is located in a big park/sports facility. There is also a medium sized skate park. We usually make a fun outing out it. My family loves this place!! Support local businesses!!!
