4	A classic in Montreal, where you'll find live music on every night of the week. From established artists to emerging ones, you'll find there innovative music for sure. Tonight's French bluegrass, tomorrow's native music, this weekend Yann Perreau, a monument in Montreal, Gypsy Jazz, Burlesque, oh my. I'm going tonight.Go there too.
4	Keeping one star reserved for the next time I go back and try some of the tapas that are prepared in what appears to be someone's kitchen behind the bar. Really. Something that looks exactly like my kitchen stove is behind the bar with a little cook who looked so happy to be preparing vegetarian food. I am meat-eater. I like cow. But I also like to see how inventive people can make vegetarian delicious. First time at Le Divan Orange (one my future neighborhood haunts I'm sure) on a Saturday night listening to a reggae band warm up on stage at the back of this big space. Next time, I'll stay for the show and some food. Cash only. 100% French. Big screen showing the Habs.
3	Stopped in here on a Saturday night when I was in Montreal because we were tired from walking St Laurent. At around 9:30 it had maybe 15 people in the whole place, but it started filling up because the Cockroaches were playing! We had no idea who they were but stayed around for a couple of drinks.Turns out someone in the band was having a wedding party at the place? They had gotten married a couple months ago and this was a sort of post-marriage celebration.After some dude got on stage to introduce the bride and groom, we proceeded to find out that the opening band, and the main band, were Rockabilly bands (should have known from the double bass, the banjo, and the mandolin)Anyway, we stayed and had a couple of beers and then headed out in the middle of the set. The place had maybe 10 beers on tap from what I can remember, and had a long, narrow layout with the stage in the back, the bar in the middle, and the majority of the tables in the front. Super nice bartender and a predominantly english-speaking crowd (maybe because of the wedding party? or maybe the rockabilly), it ended up being a cool way to spend an hour or hour and a half3 stars for a nice setting and loud musicRevisit? Sure
5	Really dug the atmosphere, the drinks were priced decently and the music was great. Everyone was friendly and the sound was decent. It was not crowded with a small act and on night before the Canadian thanksgiving, but everyone was very into the music, having the best per-capita audience participation for an opening act in any venue I've ever seen.
4	Beauty of a brightly coloured room always full of great art, with picnic tables by the big window looking out on St Laurent and truly great French and English bands every night of the week. The salads and sandwichs here are inventive and yummy, and the house drinks are sparkling with wit and strong liquor - try the 'blow job' if you don't believe me. The stage is wide and raised so you can always see the bands, and the sound techs booth is well placed so the tech can do their jobs and make the bands sound great. There is no charge for bands to play here (might have to pay the tech but that's it) but the shows are curated by the in-house booker, and they tend to book several months in advance.
4	Beers on tap 5.75-6.25 and bottled beer specials (3.50)Small venue, maybe 200 max, so great for intimate shows.Washrooms are in an odd spot, left and behind stage.I'll be back for more shows.
4	made it her to watch the Johnny Cash Machine......lolhe made the day.
4	This is a great venue for beer and some good live music, Montreal-style. Skillfully decorated on the inside, you feel that this is THE place to be on a weekend night. I stopped in with some local friends for a reggae show this past weekend. We were able to get some good local beer (which I felt was overpriced but my friends confirmed it was typical for Montreal) and hang out at the foosball table while the DJs were setting up. This placed turned from cool local hangout pub to hardcore dance party in a mad second- and we enjoyed every minute of it.  We shifted from the front of the bar with tables to the back with dance floor and stage. Thank you Montreal for not closing your bars at 1 or 2- I hate having to go to a show at 11 and only being able to stay for less than two hours. The music, dancing, and booze kept going until well after 3.  Great night!
4	Decided to drop in to Divan Orange on a Friday night.   Always a great atmosphere here.   Good local bands playing, young crowd was pretty much into the tunes.   Mostly a standing room type of place, beer is cheap and service is always friendly.   Great spot to chill and listen to some non-commercial music.
