5	I've been a customer for them for half a year now at their Garden Grove location. Before starting school again, me and some of my girlfriends decided to go to Vegas for a little vacay. Luckily Beyond Beauty Lashes has expended to Vegas so that I could get my fill done. Just like their location in Garden Grove, I was greeted nicely by the receptionist and was offered water and snacks. Their large range of options for lashes was still the same so I was able to get the same look I've been getting for the past 6 months. Jenny took me in and got me looking fabulous again for my girls weekend. I'm so happy that they were able to take me in and get my lashes looking great again. Thank you Jenny for the lashes! My friends will forsure be coming in to get their lashes done at their Garden Grove location.
5	Yes! Eyelash Extensions in Las Vegas!!! Beyond Beauty Lashes is a gem in both Orange County, California and Las Vegas.   I have tried a few different places simply for the fact that they were closer to where I live but none come even close to the quality and expertise.  I usually find myself willing to drive an hour just to see them at their Garden Grove location.  And when I heard they just opened a Vegas location, I was so excited & thrilled.  The new location is more than 3 hours away and that makes me even happier than ever! Why?  Vegas & Lashes - kill two birds with one stone...So cool that I can get a new set of lashes before hitting the clubs when I'm in town.  And best of all, they are about 10 minutes away from the Las Vegas Strip.  I just visited their new Vegas location and it looks amazing. I love the comfortable chair that one can easily fall asleep on.  The atmosphere is very relaxing and an hour later I'm a totally happy customer.  Thanks for the quality service for half the price out there!
5	They have a lot of options from natural to glam. I haven't been disappointed. I've been to other lash salons but this one has always been on point and my lashes always turn out beautifully. The best is waking up with them! Both their locations (Garden Grove, CA) are great.
4	I had a hard time looking for their location in Las Vegas which was in an empty lot and I ended up coming in late. It didn't seem to be a problem though. They had a large selection and I upgraded to the mink since they were nicer. I wanted my lashes to be long and full which I think is what they gave me but I don't think I had enough lashes for them to make it as full as False lashes. My eyes were really sensitive to the glue which the fumes made me tear up when I opened my eyes. I would randomly tear up the first week. Jenny did let me know that they had a glue that was more sensitive but would only have lashes stay on for about a week so I just stuck with the stronger glue because a week was not worth it to me. I don't think I'll be getting a fill since I have sensitive eyes and my lash line feels itchy sometimes. I still randomly tear up but not as much as the first week I had them. They are nice though and I've had some compliments on them. I plan to stick it out 2 more weeks then have them removed.
4	Does a great job! Recommend to all of my friends!
5	I bought a LivingSocial deal for eyelash extensions since I've been dying to try them out. Went & was surprised with all the options they give you. Type, length, straight, curly, etc. I ended up making a great choice with the help of the Jenny & after 5 weeks they still look great. I'm headed back to get them filled as soon as I can get in. (Very busy there)  Jenny did a great job & it only took under an hour & the men who answer the phone's there have been super friendly & helpful! I def recommend this place!
2	I went to this place after purchasing a groupon for a full set of extensions for $69.  A screaming deal even if they are synthetic and you can upgrade to mink for $15.  Jenny was my technician and she was friendly, knowledgable and did a beautiful job.  The chair as others have commented was super comfy and lined with paper for the perception of attention to cleanliness  The receptionist was friendly, too.  Additionally, I was provided with an "after care kit" which contained a brush, some makeup removal wipes and some business cards, a nice touch.  But and it's a BIG but...the bathroom is DISGUSTING.  There was fecal matter all over the inside of the bowl and algae stains on the water line indicating that the "blow out" hadn't just happened.  Come on people, you are in a customer oriented business working on people's EYES, nothing tells me that cleanliness and hygiene are NOT a priority than this.  Scary.
5	Found their service through Groupon. I scheduled my appointment on Sunday and almost forgot about it. I went to get my lashes done hungry-as in starving since I woke up late. The whole time Jenny was doing my lashes my stomach was growling. I mean, all I can think of was food and donuts they had for the customers.It took about 45 mins and my lashes was awesome. Jenny was friendly and professional. Will get my fill next time. They were awesome. Okay, my ramen is here- time to eat.
5	My usual go to lash lady went out of town, but I needed my lashes done, bad. I found this place through yelp, and so glad I did!  Upon arrival, I signed a few forms and checked it. They had all kinds of refreshments for their customer, so I helped myself to come Belgian cookies (which were delicious). I was taken in right at my appointment time, and was worked on by Jenny. Jenny is FANTASTIC!!! She brought out all the different types of lashes, and explained each different lash they offered. She allowed me to chose my preferred length, thickness and curl. She also showed me pictures to give me a better idea of how it'd look. I thought this was wonderful! She was so concerned of making sure that I chose what I wanted for me. After about 45 min, my lashes came our PERFECT!  I am sooo pleased by my lashes, that I will definitely be back here for all my fills! I'm so glad I found this place, and jenny!!!
4	I had a good experience here and felt comfortable as a newbie. I took advantage of the $65 Mother's Day special in May and they accept Spafinder gift cards! It took me a little while to get used to my beautiful lashes but everyone  who saw them said they looked so natural. Jenny did a great job. Only complaint is that 2 wks after application, they are shedding more on my right than my left. Probably because I sleep on that side. They still look great!
5	I first went here on a Groupon and now come on a weekly basis. My girl does such a great job on my mink lashes and I always get compliments!!! I couldn't ask for a better professional and very nice staff. I'm always looking ready to go out because of this wonderful business. LOVE LOVE LOVE THEM!!!!! You will get hooked too :)
5	This place definitely deserves a 5+ I've been coming here for quiet a few months and I love it, front desk greets you right away by your name and that's always a plus! I normally go to Jenny she is very sweet and down to earth, has great suggestions if you don't know what you want as far as length & thickness etc. My lashes last for over 3 weeks, which I'm very impressed with because at other places I have to go in within the first week to get a partial fill & I no longer have to do that.. They've gained a permanent customer here for sure!!!!
5	Super late post. I just wanted to say I LOVE my lashes. I had Katie and she did an amazing job! She knew what I liked and worked her magic. (: I just gotta warn you, she's so gentle with her hands that you just might fall asleep! Sorry Katie.. But they turned out beautiful, and I am satisfied!
5	Greetings all! I am a customer of BBL in Southern cal, but whenever I am in Vegas I visit their location in Nevada (Henderson). Amazing customer service, friendly staff and now they are expanding!! Woohoo!!! I love how they :*always confirm the appointment (via txt message - super modern!!!) *are always on time!  * offer drinks, snacks and magazines on the waiting room* are fast (BIG ONE)! * great quality lashes and amazing suggestionsBBL is great!
5	This is the only lash place i have been to but I'm liking it and everyone loves my lashes.
5	I have tried many different eyelash salons and I have to say BBL is the best! My mink lashes look great and they feel soft! Jenny was very helpful when it came to picking out the best length and thickness to give my eyes a bigger look. She definitely is the best at what she does. Recently I scheduled a fill and Jenny wasn't available so they assigned me to someone else. Ty turned out to be a perfectionist and I loved it! This salon is high on the quality chart, and yet it still amazes me how affordable they are!!!
5	This was my first experience with eyelash extensions and Jenny was professional and kind. I confused my appointment time and was over half an hour late. This was surely frustrating for them, however Jenny did a great job and did not make me feel badly for messing up her schedule. My eyelashes are gorgeous- I highly recommend!
2	I purchased a groupon to get a full new set of lash extensions. When I arrived the staff was pretty nice. I was escorted into a stale white room. The man who did my extensions was very polite and quiet. When he was applying my lashes a few times my eye was burning and to be honest it felt like torture because my eyes were taped close. Not just on the bottom lid but the top too. They looked really pretty when I left. I followed their care instructions to the T. I didn't want to ruin the investment of time and money. With in a week they were crossing each other and going sideways and falling out. I had bald spots throughout my lash line. I just paid $180 to have them redone at another eyelash lounge and my lash artist told me they were applied in wrong directions and there were 3 lashes to every 1 eyelash which causes your lashes to fall out quicker because of the weight. Although the price seems right for Beyond beauty, you'd be better off spending the money at a more reputable place.
4	Got my eyelash extensions done here with a groupon and I love them! The man at the front desk was really nice and the aesthetician was really helpful in picking out which lashes I wanted. When you go into the room, they have big plush la-z-boy type chairs with fluffy covers (and sanitary paper covering them). I totally fell asleep both during my eyelash application and removal. I docked a star because I think my eye got poked by an errant eyelash during the application process, causing a small scratch that took a few days to heal. I am going to try eyelash tinting next and I'll let you know how it goes!
2	My 3rd fill was not so great. I made the mistake and didn't request Jenny and got Ty. when he walked me in, he asked if I wanted the same thing and I said yes. A red flag went up after my eyes started burning and after being in the chair for 1 1/2 hours. Jenny was done in 45 min tops for a fill. They looked fine when he asked. I was charged $10 more than usual which I thought was odd but went along my way. It wasn't till that night my hubby said my lashes looked way too long, almost comical! Not natural like they had been in the past. Day 2 I noticed a couple lashes fell out and saw they were not the usual C-curl I've had. As the weeks went by more were falling out and in clumps of 2-3 extensions at a time leaving gaps in my lashes. That's when I realized he put on too many extensions per lash which made them cross & droop to where I could see them in my line of vision. Only reason I didn't give 1 star was because my previous 2 experiences were excellent. Pretty disappointed.
5	After many bad experiences with other lash places in Vegas/Henderson area, I pretty much gave up. I thank you to Michelle P... Her review and private messages regarding this place was awsome so I took the plunge.  The decor was nice and relaxing, all the staff are super sweet. Best of all were my lashes.  Omg!!! I finally found a place that can do lashes right.  I called to make an appointment which was very easy and the guy making the appointment was very knowledgeable.  My lash tech was Ty which did an amazing job! My previous experiences with other lash places was horrible, who'd think a good place even exist. Thanks to Good reviews from fellow yelpers helped me find this gem. My lashes are beautiful!  The length was just long enough and the fullness was perfect! My lashes are dark, full, and still looking Good 4 weeks out.  My experience couldn't be any better.  Love my lashes... Love beyond beauty!Btw- It bothers me to see people writing low/negative reviews for businesses that they go to more than once and come back over and over again.  There has to be a reason why they come back in the first place,  and if they do come back due to the good experiences,  why isn't there a positive review for their Good experiences? Come on goddesses,  how else can people accomodate to your needs...
5	I must say I really love the space came one time and then coming ever since the customer service is great the environment is clean and relaxing and the prices are terrific
3	Overall I do like my lashes. I just got them done. I'm curious to see how long they will last before I need a fill. It burned while she was applying the lashes and my vision was blurry for like 6 hours after. I had to rinse my eyes out. Also I only gave 3 stars because I felt they could of been a lil more friendly. When I ask someone for their "professional" opinion and ask questions I shouldn't feel like I'm irritating them. The other reviews are pretty good that's why I came here. I will have to compare other places to see if I will return.
5	I've been coming here for a few months now and 5 weeks in between fills. My lashes are still full 5 weeks in. The best part after leaving this place is knowing my lashes looks awsome! I love the customer service and the end result of my lashes. I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	I've been coming to Beyond Beauty Lashes for almost 2 years now. I can't believe how long they've lasted without damaging my natural lashes. I love the fact that they have multiple locations, it makes it easier for me since I'm a last minute person. They are very accommodating and service is top notch! My lashes are always long and thick just the way I want them. This is the go to place! Don't take chances elsewhere... Speaking from experience ;)
5	can't say enough good things about them! very reasonable prices, friendly staffs, no waiting and they always text to confirm appointment with you. Jenny is absolutely amazing! i always leave happy w how my lashes look n they last for at least 5 weeks before i need to see her again for a fill.
5	I really love this place. They always do my lashes really full how I like them. There much better then cherry lash lounge because there lashes actually stay on and don't fall off the second week. I have no shedding of lashes from here and that's amazing. The customer service is great they can book sometimes last minute or at your convenience. The lash tech is understanding and nice. They offer cute snacks and they are very clean. The prices are reasonable too. This is my favorite lash place ever and I hope they don't change.
5	I have been coming to BBL for over 2 years n Jenny is amazimg! I will never go anywhere else!!!
