4	On an random walk I encountered Dominic's. I went in and decided to get a bite to eat. It was there that I found the best BLT I have ever laid my taste buds upon. Nicely toasted bread filled in with fresh crunchy lettuce and a monstrous pile of smoked bacon. Not only was this sandwich delicious but it's also good for you too!! Okay so that second part isn't entirely true but it did taste great.All of their meats are Boar's Head meats and they do a very good job at preparing your meal. The price is pretty reasonable too. They have a bar there but I have yet to try it out. In summary, if you are by the baseball stadium and need some lunch, check this place out.
3	Decent beer selection and right outside the stadium. Servers are not very knowledgeable on the beers that they offer. Had nachos and they were just okay; nothing spectacular though. Nice location to watch the game if you didn't get tickets. Would go back.
2	I've been to this place for lunch a few times, and I while there was never anything wrong with my order, I've never been very impressed with the sandwiches.  They are definitely unique recipes, though, so it's probably just my personal preference. However, today I was walking by the ballpark and got a craving for a cheesesteak, so I gave them another try.  Unfortunately, I was turned away because they apparently only serve cheesesteaks as part of a Friday special.  What kind of restaurant,  much less a sandwich shop, doesn't have a cheesesteak on the menu??
3	Not too bad.  Came here in the morning before a Sunday afternoon Pirate game and got a salad.  It was the first order of the cook's morning, and I actually heard him make a comment about the first order being a chicken salad.. (deduction of a star).  Also, the waitress put mistakenly put in my order twice, so maybe it was just the morning that was affecting her, but I didn't mind but the chef did.The salad was definitely good, but it was just alright, and for 8.50, I wasn't too shabby.
1	Ordered take-out/delivery for lunch and was less than satisfied.  Salads with "mixed greens" came with nothing more than a pile of dry iceberg lettuce.  The veggies on top weren't great quality either.  On top of that, the chicken was missing on top.  (although they did send over a new salad with chicken, I'll give them credit for that).  If they can't build a simple salad according to their own menu description then I'm not about to try them again.
4	Dominic's is a nice little place to duck into and grab a meal before a game at PNC Park - and believe me, the sandwiches and beer here will be a lot cheaper than what you find at the stadium! From my time here they may even be better for you - not by much, of course, but the food here did not upset my stomach, which is something stadium food is always guilty of, so that's a good sign of which has better quality food options in my eyes.I was only here very briefly to eat and have to say I thought they had some cool menu options - I ended up getting a chicken sandwich and water and got what I expected: a very big, greasy but yummy sandwich with the right amount of additional toppings, cheeses and sauces. As someone else mentioned, they use Boar Head's meat here, and it's a nice ingredient that helps bump this place up from being an ordinary sandwich shop. Of course, I guess the bar makes sure this is more than an ordinary sandwich job; I didn't drink while here because it was 90 degrees outside and I wanted water more than beer, but from what I saw they have a very impressive selection that won't disappoint.I want to add that they actually had very nice service while I was there - a nice young man brought my food and even picked up the trash as soon as I was done. He was very observant and attentive, which really stood out in my mind because I truly expected that I'd have to pick up my food and then throw the little basket it came in out myself, given the setting that Dominic's has. Kudos to them for going above and beyond!I definitely want to go back for a drink and to try their tomato and mozzarella sandwich!
5	Very friendly staff...great beer.....great atmosphere :) loved it
1	Poor service. We waited for our food so long that I had to leave for a meeting... Several customers who came in well after us received their food as we waited.. My co worker brought back the food since I could no longer wait.. Of course my order was not there. It's like they completely forgot about us. Not exactly the best way to treat a paying customer. I had to call and was told to come back. Apparently they did not understand that reason I could not wait, was because I had to go back to work. They wasted over an hour and a half of my time... Just for hummus. All they had to do was put it in a container. It's not like it was a special order. Hummus and pita. That is it.I will not be coming back. There are plenty of other places on the north shore where I would rather spend my money.
4	I've been here twice, most recently about a year ago.  I don't remember what I ordered the first time, but the second time, I ordered the snob (caprese) salad (is this supposed to be a dig at foodies?).  It was pretty basic, consisting of sliced tomatoes, fresh mozzarella slices, and basil leaves drizzled with balsamic vinegar, but it was fresh and quite tasty--comparable to versions I've had as appetizers in Italian style restaurants.  Not bad for Federal St., and prices are less expensive than at SoHo.The outdoor seating provides a great place to come to people watch, esp. on game days.  One of the days I was here before a Steelers game in Heinz Field, and the street was flooded with people in black and gold with Terrible Towels.  About halfway through our lunch, there was a commotion at the bar across the street--first a police officer showed up, then a fire engine, and then an ambulance--and my dining partner and I wondered what in tarnation was going on over there.  Finally, a guy in a Steelers jersey was brought out on stretcher and loaded into the ambulance.  Looks like someone must have pregamed a bit too much!  The first time I was here, there was also live music on the porch, which was nice.  Overall, not a bad place to grab some grub before a game.
