5	I just received my chairs back from Giovanni, and I couldn't be happier. I had two mid century arm chair reupholstered. His service from beginning to end was very professional and I will be using him again in the future. One thing that I really liked is that pick up and delivery are included with his services. I own my own business and with my crazy schedule this was a huge help. Highly Recommended!
5	In January (when I was in AZ last) I brought my dining room chairs to Giovanni. He offered to come get them the next day, but I was anxious to get them started as I was in town for a limited amount of time. I mentioned to Giovanni how important it was to me that they were done on time, as this is a vacation rental and I had to have them in place for the next guest before I left town. The chairs were back two days earlier then promised and they were delivered. The work was outstanding. The folds were all exactly the same size and in the same location on each chair. It looked like it was done by a machine, not by hand because it was so precise. The fabric (pleather) was tight and still is. He also refilled them with a very dense foam and that is holding up beautifully.I highly recommend them to yelp users and have personally recommended them to friends.
5	I found Giovanni's through a quick Google search and I am so glad I did! Giovanni upholstered a headboard for my boyfriend and I and we absolutely could not be happier with the finished product. His prices were reasonable and he was always quick to return an email or phone call. A year ago we had another headboard upholstered by a different company and were less than thrilled with their lack of professionalism and the quality of the product. Giovanni blew the other company out of the water. I was so happy when the headboard was delivered that I cried. (Overly emotional Interior Design student? Perhaps.) My only regret was that I didn't find Giovanni a year earlier so he could do our other headboard.
5	Giovanni ReUpholstered my Grandfathers easy chair in Leather and what a Great Service he provides..And Amazing workmanship..Perfect..Then he ReUpholstered a Old Rocking Chair of my Grandparents, the fabric selections are great and the Chair is Just Beautiful. I am SO GLAD TO HAVE FOUND Giovanni's...You will be Very Happy with the results..I will recommend this Business to Everyone. Thank you Giovanni, Jean S.
5	I asked Giovanni to releather a very expensive European chair made by Mikael Laursen.  The quality of workmanship was second to none, excellent service, short wait time, and good pricing.  I am a very happy customer!
5	This guy delivers the goods! I found him on YELP and after meeting with Giovanni in my house and looking over the multitude of samples, we sent him off with my heirloom chair. Now that it is back, we know we made the right choice! Awesome job!
5	We've used Giovanni in the past to reupholster a high end fabric sleigh bed from fabric to leather. He did an excellent job ...... came out to the house, gave us a fair price for quality craftsmanship then delivered and reassembled the bed for us. We found ourselves in need of reupholstering the fabric cushions on a leather couch. He once again came out to the house, matched the leather and now we wait for them to come back. I don't worry about writing this review in advance, because I know the final product will be done well.
5	I just spoke with Giovanni, the owner of the business, and while he wasn't able to help me with my particular problem, he went out of his way to recommend a few things and suggested a couple of options. Wow!  So nice, and so very professional.  I'm very impressed.  He'll be my first call when I need upholstering done.
5	Giovanni does excellent work.  We wanted to retain the couch and high back chair we had purchased in 1996 because we love the style, but the fabric was sorely outdated.  Giovanni took the time to come to our house and show fabric, wood fixtures, and discuss all options with us.  His work is stellar.  He is prompt and very polite.  Highly recommended if you are looking to fix up and update!
