4	sound cat's is awesome.it's real organized and there's space to move. i think it's mostly new cds but theres a small used section. some vinyl too. they also sell concert tickets for shows at mr small's. and garfield artworks. and 31st street pub. and maybe some others.theres this boxish thing near the register that fuuull of 7 inches and some odd cds. they have the most awesome artwork and i like to look through them. but i never buy any cause i've never heard of any of the bands...
5	One of two places to check out whenever I'm in Pittsburgh. For such a small space, Paul's is incredibly dense. They have this unique carding procedure where they keep all the new CDs behind the counter and you bring the card up to the counter to get it. They usually have an amazing used CD selection as well. Plus, they have MOJO and UNCUT magzines flown in from the UK and you can usually get them about a month before Borders does! On most days Paul himself will be there. They are also very plugged into the local scene, as far as what they carry. I rarely leave here without a few amazing finds!
5	One of the first things I did when I had a little free time after moving to PIttsburgh was to locate a good CD store.  Paul's definitely fits the bill.  A small but extremely orderly (re: alphabetized!) shop.  I knew what I was looking for, otherwise I could have spent an hour browsing.  Genre sections are clearly labeled and easy to find.  Right when you walk in, you'll find a rack of the newest releases on your right hand side.  After I had acquired my bounty of Wolf Parade and Stephen Malkmus discs, it was time for the final test... having a chat with the staff.  The experience was good - they are friendly and very knowledgeable, and I can look forward to asking them for recommendations.
5	It's so small, so compact, and full of everything you could desire really.  Great selection.  Knowledgable staff.  It's truly one of the best things bloomfield and pittsburgh has to offer
5	Paul's is my favorite record shop in town! As others have noted--it's not a big place, but it is chock full of (well-organized!) stuff! They have a wide variety of music and the staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.  They know about *music,* not just one variety and they've never been condescending or rude. If they don't have something you're looking for in stock, they'll gladly order it for you, and they were very helpful when I was trying to find out whether an old jazz record had been reissued on CD. If I can't buy my CDs straight from the band, Paul's is where I go.
5	update: Paul's is turning into Sound Cat.While I've only been here a couple of years, I find that Paul's consistently has the best selection of new CDs if you have vaguely discriminating music tastes (non-mainstream).  Very wide array of indie music.  Not just your standard indie pop/rock, but also avant-garde, ambient, etc.  My purchases are ~70% planned, plus a bunch that I spotted while browsing.  Sometimes I'll even see an album here that I wasn't previously aware of and check it out online, then go back and buy it.  Every time I've been here, my reaction is "Ooooh I can't believe they actually have this" at 10+ albums; then I have to consider my budget and only buy 2 or 3 at a time.Will definitely continue to go when it's Sound Cat Records.  Strongly recommend.
5	One of the great independent record stores, Karl Hendricks runs his business just like he plays: with passion and creativity.
5	Soundcat Records is a great shop with a well curated new LP section. The prices are spot on as well. What I love about this store is learning something new everytime in enter it. The owner and employees provide a wealth of knowledge and suggest great music.
5	The best selection of new LPs at a great price. The used selection is curated well and very affordable. I love the vibe and I am so happy to have this store in my neighborhood.
5	I have been buying records from this building for the last 20 years.  I was so happy when I heard that Karl Hendricks was taking over the space.  I feel like the selection has gotten even more fine tuned.  They have a wonderful selection of obscure vinyl.  And every one in the store is always so helpful.  Every time I go there I see one of my friends!!!  I love this place.
