2	i swear, diana, im not trying to bash you, ive just had a couple glasses of wine and lived in the same neighborhood as your reviews for a year, but BEST BURGERS??? you have got to be joking me. three doors down at the cameo you can get a better burger. this place is empty as fuck for a reason. ITS SHITTY FOOD. we treated it as the place to go to when every other place was full. i will now give kings wark credit in that if i were visiting scotland for the first time i would think it was awfully cute. it is authentic in a way that diner 7 could never be, though im increasingly hating the word authentic. if you are american and ever come to this place expecting anything like even an inside a mall diner, you will be severely dissapointed. right next to this place there is a cute little gourmet food/wine shop. they have some serious cheeses and and wines. much better than diner 7. i would even eat at international starters across the street before this place, and that places gimmick is a restarant of appetizers at entree prices. go to cameo next door instead for an atmosphere and a real burger. also, if you get the fries there (chips), go for melted cheese and peppercorn sauce.
4	Our kids love a visit to Diner 7 and it's easy to see why. Relaxed atmosphere - very family friendly - and delicious burgers make for a fun time for the children and their accompanying grown ups. The menu isn't vast, but has everything you'd expect from a fast food burger joint that's probably the nearest we'll get to a real American diner.
4	We ended up here after several recommendations from colleagues and friends.The service was friendly and we were welcomed and provided drinks quickly. We had the steak sandwich and the cheese burger. The food was delivered quickly, and we really enjoyed it. The steak was a bit tough, but the flavours were nice. The burger was very enjoyable as well.Diner7 is small, but cozy and the atmosphere is laid back and welcoming. I've been told they're only open on a Friday night - as we've tried to go there for lunch with colleagues a few times, but surprisingly, you didn't get the feeling  that they are arrogant or exclusive.I would definitely go back to try more of the menu.
4	Went here for my birthday dinner. Food was beautiful, staff were friendly and more than accommodating. A very enjoyable dinner.
