4	Ok, so I had to get a haircut.  I could hardly see through my mane, and it was time to get it trimmed.I have been to this location before, and so far, so good.  I go here for minor things, like trims, and protien treatments.  I have exceptionally dry hair, and find that the moisture treatments are only $10 here, which is awesome. When I need my haircut, with tip, its under $20.  If I get it styled, its under $30.  I go here because I don't always have time to go to the salon, and a lot of times, I just need to get the hair cut so I can see.  The staff here is friendly and welcoming.  You can make an appointment, or, you can do what I do, and just walk in.  Thats what I love about this place.  I can just show up without an appointment, and it takes no time at all.They also have a great selection of store brand and name brand shampoos, hair products and the people that work there are always helpful in helping me with my selection.If you need a quick do and are in a pinch, I reccomend this place.  Its great for those "in between cuts" that you get at the salon, for half the price.
1	There is nothing "Fantastic" about this place.  I used a money mailer coupon to try it out.  Immediately when I walked in I felt a bad vibe.  Seemed the girls there weren't too happy, and apparently the new owner was there (to observe?) and looked like she just ate a %&it sandwich.  No smiles or friendly attitude at all.  Worst of all was the haircut itself.  Forgot the stylists name, but she was middle aged with straight dirty blonde hair.  I don't know if she was distracted by trying to talk during the cut, but she seemed to have no idea (or seemed to care) of what style I wanted.  One of the worst haircuts I ever had.  Never going back.
2	I am a little hesitate about writing a review about this place because the stylist there are nice to me. I went there several times to get my eyebrows waxed and hair cut and flat ironed. There were times were they did good and times were they messed up pretty bad. I went in to get my eyebrows waxed and the lady made one of my eyebrow long and one short. The other time I went in she waxed so many times that I had skin peeling.One stylist has messed up on my highlights and made it to blonde in different sections and had to get it fixed. I got my hair burned because they used a strong flat iron I asked the stylist what is that smell while she was flat ironing my hair she said she didn't know and the other stylist were sitting there and didn't say anything to my response. I don't understand how you can stand there and not smell that my hair was burning? I trusted them and thought nothing of it till I came home. and then the manger had to use a condition treatment on my hair and when I went a second time the owner was there and she used a stronger conditioning treatment even when I told her that's not what the manger used and when I called the manger she went on by saying that maybe it was to much protein in my hair because after two treatment I was to see better results on my burned hair and did not. I don't understand what kind of owner they have there that wouldn't even listen to me when I said that's not what the manger used. I called to manager on what to do next she said that she would call the owner and get back to me and never did. They didn't seem to want to listen to the customers needs and they seem like they were helping me by doing the conditioning treatment but they should have gave me my money back.  I will not go back there. I don't trust this place
2	I was in need of trim a few days ago and I ran out of time to make an appointment with my usual stylist so I decided I would give Fantastic Sam's a shot. Every time I have been to a salon such as this (Great Clips, Super Cuts, Etc...) I have ended up regretting the decision so I should have learned my lesson in the past. I am sure that you can find good stylists at such salons but so far I have had no such luck. Any how I came in on a Saturday afternoon. It was busy but I was greeted upon entering. It took about ten minutes for the two stylists standing in the back to decide who was going to come check me in. I do not want to directly slam the stylist who assisted me so I will just call her "L". L took me back to her chair and asked what I was looking for today. I told her that I would like a trim and that I was willing to trim up to two inches off. I also told her I would be interested in cutting straight bangs back in. She kind of laughed and told me that I wouldn't like straight bangs and that my hair looked pretty the way that it was. I knew that I would like straight bangs because I have had them in the past but usually when I stylist says something like that it is because they either do not want to do it or they don't know how to, so I decided never mind I will just have a trim. The conversation was odd. She kept telling me that my hair was really fine and tangly (her word) and just seemed very immature throughout the whole process. The end of the session was the worst. I had requested a cut and style for $24.99. Her version of a style was blow drying my hair with a cold blow dryer and leaving my hair more than half wet out the door. I had mentioned that her blow dryer was cold and she simply told me kind of laughing that she thought the heater core had gone out (ya think?) At the end of the "blow dry" I just wanted to get out of there. The trim was okay, I still see many split ends and I'm not really sure how much she actually cut off but whatever. Bottom line, I will never be back. Save your money and do your research for a good stylist who knows what they are doing.
1	Trained to do haircuts in 15 minutes
