5	i found out about this business on youtube, it's family run business so you can feel the passion and their motivation to deliver a good result that will benefit their reputation.recommended :)
5	I was out visiting my friends in Vegas, as per norm, and we were originally planning to bum around on the strip. I got in pretty late at night, so we figured we would find something since Vegas never sleeps. Haha. Unfortunately, as it turns out, they found a leak in their water heater and we had to deal with that instead.As a Yelper, I told them not to worry and looked up plumbing via Yelp. The biggest issue was finding someone open at 2am. When I saw the reviews and the "Save 15% Off Plumbing Repairs" I knew Number One Plumbing, Heating, and Air Conditioning was probably a good choice. The question was... were they open?Sure as I am writing this, we lucked out because they were one of the few willing to come out at that god awful hour. I don't know if you have ever had a leaking water heater and I am sure it varies on how bad the leak is, but water isn't cheap! It's one of those things you just can't wait on.Well, I did the dirty work of finding someone, so I let my friends call and do the rest of the business. :P All I know is that the service was FAST! I saw the guy come in, take a look at the water heater, and after some work, it was over! He talked a lot about what was going on and what he recommended. I was relieved that he was so professional and upfront. I mean, how would you feel if you recommended someone to your friends and they turned out to be some bozos who just want to charge you as much as they can to fill their own pockets?Even though I only have limited knowledge about water heaters, my friend knows a bit more and said that he was impressed by the guy. I guess they found their go to person since I can't always do the Yelping for them. :P
5	I had a tenant at one of my properties call and report that the heater no longer was working. I called Number One Plumbing, Heating & Air Conditioning and spoke to Steve to inform him of the situation. "No problem", he said and asked if I would like him to call the tenant directly to coordinate an appointment so I didn't have to be the middle man. Great and helpful suggestion! He said he would be happy to give a free estimate and that he would call me when he was there to give me a quote over the phone so I can decide if I wanted to proceed with the work or not.Later that evening I called Steve to follow up and ask if he got a hold of the tenant. He told me that he had and was already at the property. The furnace door had come loose due to improper fasteners and that's why the furnace was no longer working. He had fixed it and it was operating normally. I asked him what the bill would be assuming they had some type of "minimum charge". "Don't worry about it", he says, "it was easy".Wow...what a great experience. From this point forward ANY plumbing or HVAC issue I have at any of my properties I will most certainly be calling Number One!
5	I called this company because my AC was not working well. And since I now live in Las Vegas YOU GOT TO HAVE AC!!!! I called this company and they came out right away. The person on the phone was nice and professional. The service man that came out was very nice. Sometimes you are afraid to let these people come into your house but not this company. He was nice, professional and I felt comfortable having him in the house. Which is a plus right there. He got the job done fast and now my unit works great. And the price was reasonable. This is a good company and I would recommend them.
5	I'm always a bit cautious when it comes to having repairs done at the house.  You just never know if they're going to try to tell you more is wrong than what really is and take our hard (well the hubby's) earned money.  Today, they came over for our requested free quote and let us know our AC motor was replaced with a motor that is used for an inside unit, not for an outside unit that we have sitting OUTSIDE our house.  This was done by previous owners who did seem to do a lot of bad at home projects that we find sporadically.  (All our door frames have about 2 - 3 inches taken off the bottom.)  The repair price was very reasonable (repair the wires and box, changed the fuse) and let us know not to run the air when it's raining.  Lucky for us (or not so lucky), it doesn't rain much during the summer here in Vegas.The guys were great and told us exactly what the problem was and got the work done.  They didn't seem to be in the business of trying to up-sell or getting us to pay crazy amounts of money for simple (although neither of us would even know how to get into the HVAC) repairs.So now our AC blows nice, icy, cold air and we can now wear some snow jackets and use heated blankets in our house! WOOOOO!
2	These guys came to the house relatively quickly, in a bout 1.5 hours to take a look at a broken hot-water heater.  The quote was $1,100 to replace the heater.  The repairman was dodging clear questions like "what is your hourly rate?" and "what is the part cost?"  He didn't want to give me the breakdown for the cost. He tried to get me to sign a work-order when I requested a written estimate.  After refusing to sign the line that said "I agree to have the work done for $1,100," he then asked that I sign a line stating that I agree that the repairs had been completed and that i agree to pay.  I had to say no 5-6 times.They are also licensed and will require you to bring the water heater up to code, which includes myriad useless changes and installations, like a stand for the heater to get it off the ground, a drip tray, a drip catcher for the gas line, new hoses in and out, new straps to hold it in place, and a new shut off valve.  None of these items are required if you hire a handyman or do the replacement yourself.When I told him I would tell the homeowner about the cost, he repeatedly pushed me to do the repair immediately, saying things like "wouldn't it be nice to have hot water again tonight?"  When I stated that we had checked into a hotel he prodded me to to other useless repairs, like replacing the copper fittings and the water shut-off knob, implying erroneously that they would stop the tank from leaking.When he left he said sarcastically "well I sure am glad I made the trip over here," and stormed off, upset that i was not the clueless and fabulously wealthy pushover, desperate for hot water, that he was apparently used to dealing with.  If you want to overpay and you want the repair done quickly, these guys will probably get it done, but you can get the same job done at half the cost if you use someone else.UPDATE:The owner contacted me and asked for the name of the man who gave me the estimate, but failed to respond to my reply. His purpose appears only to be an increase in his Yelp-rating.To be fair, I spent 45 minutes on hold with Home Depot and eventually gave up. These guys picked up the phone immediately and arrived in under two hours, after business hours.
5	We have an old A/C unit on the roof. It broke down just when we had company from out of town. we called #1 and they came around 8:00 PM. the technicians were very knowledgeable and patient. Despite the late hour, they took their time until the job was complete.
5	I got home from work yesterday and the AC wasn't cooling my house. The fan worked, but the air blowing out of the vents was not cold.I called Number One around noon today and spoke with Steve. He took my information and told me he'd call me back to schedule a time later this afternoon. He returned my call about 45 minutes later and told me that Bill would be out to check out my AC system between 4pm and 7pm.Bill called about 5 and told me he was on his way. After checking out the system, he did whatever it was he did (I wasn't watching), and the house started to cool down. The price was fair, I received a Yelp! discount (sweet!), and I will certainly call Number One again should I have any new problems with my AC. I'd also call them for plumbing problems.
5	My A/C went out on this July 4th weekend, I called Number One and they returned my call within the hour.  I was given a time frame of between 1000am-100pm, and the technician on the call was going to be Byron.  Byron called me shortly after 1000am to advise me that he was minutes away.  Upon his arrival I told him some of the things the A/C was or was not doing.  He isolated the problem within minutes and answered some of our concerns about our 16 year old unit.  He did not try to sell us or create a bigger situation than it really is.  He was honest and he represented himself and the company very well.  I will certainly call them in the future and refer them to friends and family.
2	My air conditioning stopped working (along with half of the neighborhood). My landlord booked the repair with Number One the next morning. They called me back and were pleasant, saying they'd make it out sometime between 3pm-6pm. The repairman called at 3 and said they'd be right over, and they were. 2 repairmen were present, asked what was wrong and went right to work on the unit out back. About a half hour later they said they'll have to call the landlord for approval to fix since it'll be a little over $1000,  so I'd be out of air conditioning for a while. Well how long is a while? At least til tomorrow sometime. UGH!A half hour later my landlord calls me saying someone else will be out tonight for a second opinion since the estimate was so high.Well the repair needed was different than what they quoted and the repair was 300$ less than Number Ones.
5	Fast and friendly to say the least !!!! The house I had for sale was about to close a deal when the inspector said my AC and Heating was not working.  I looked on Yelp to find a company with good reviews and # 1 Plumbing, heating and air conditioning showed the best results.  I called and they sent Danny out to my house within one hour WOW that is fast service.  He was very understanding and sympathetic really nice guy ( : Anyhow turns out someone had stolen my whole unit off my roof .  Shocked and freaked out of the cost and audacity that someone would take it I was told a rough estimate and that I would be called the next day my bill was up to 2 thousand but with my 10% yelp discound I saved around 2 hundred and did second day air to get my parts I needed. The AC/Heater was installed only 2 day after my initial call per my request but could have been put in within 24 hours from when I called. The fast service, great staff via phone and in person is excellent. I strongley recommend them for any of your AC/Heater needs.
5	My A/C stopped working suddenly so I called #1 because of Yelp. I have used Elite and some of the other "Major" companies, but have not found the perfect, honest and affordable service. I was impressed. The tech, Danny, took his time to explain things to me, only repaired what was necessary, and even taught me a few things! He did not try to "up sell" me, which is annoying when services do that. I have found my permanent HVAC company!! Thanks #1 and Danny for incredible service and even the discount!
5	Thanks for being so prompt. Bill was a great technician. I will recommend you to anyone who needs service.
5	Based on my experience today, I highly recommend this company. I received a call back within 10 minutes of my message and I later learned it was the owner himself. He dispatched a gentleman plumber named Bill Boileau who fully met all advertised representations of this company. He assessed my two problems and offered me his estimate before proceeding. I had forgotten about the Yelp discount and he reminded me (saved me 10%). I will definitely use this company again and hope all the professionals are as good as Bill.
5	I think these guys are great! Sometimes it seems difficult to find honest folks in HVAC and Number One has been great from minute one.I thought they did a great job servicing my HVAC and gave sensible recommendations (I had some issues with some of my filters). After they came the first time, I signed up for their regular check-up program. It's now some months later, and I just got a call from them to schedule my next checkup! I like how they kept track of that and took the initiative to call me. Otherwise, I probably would have forgotten!
5	I am very impressed with Number One and Steve, the manager.  I needed someone to  come out to my rental property to check over my nonworking heating system for my renter.  They were the second company I called.  The first company (which I won't name) told me I needed a complete new central air/heating system.  Granted the system is old but they just didn't give me confidence about their inspection.  I wanted a second opinion and called Number One.  They were out within an hour of my call and up on the roof.  They found some loose wires and that the system had not been put back together from the first company's inspection!  They attached the wires, checked the system at the thermostat, and called us with complete info on what they found.  NO CHARGE for service call.  The system is now working and I will not hesitate to call Number One in the future for a/c, heating and plumbing needs for my rentals and my own home.
5	I have an old air conditioning system that is limping along on crutches, just waiting for the day that drains my bank account. Sure enough, I flipped that sucker on for the first time this year.... and no cold air! The fan outside just wasn't kicking in to cool the air. Sigh.....Thanks to Yelp and some of the reviews, I thought I'd give #1 Plumbing a try. Gave them a call on Sunday to make an appointment for Monday, no emergency, so I left I message with their answering service. They called me promptly on Monday morning and service technician Byron was at the house by lunch time. About 20 minutes later, I hear the outside fan kicking itself into gear and Byron came into the house showing us a broken wire in his hand. That's it!  Didn't try to tell me it was a capacitor that needed replacing or some other $150 gadget, just charged us for the service call (with a Yelp! discount). Byron took the time to explain that sooner or later we would have to replace our system and what are options might be, which I knew already, but not today.Nice to find honest service technicians, isn't it?  I highly recommend #1 Plumbing, Heating, and Air Conditioning - I know I'll be calling them when it is finally time to change out my almost 20 year old system.
5	Love these guys!They were quick to respond and did a quick (yet thorough) evaluation of my a/c unit. Came back with a very reasonable price, the unit was fixed 15 min later and the unit has worked perfectly ever since.
5	This company is #1 with me. Linda in the office was both courteous and efficient in scheduling my appointment.  I'd already had one plumbers opinions from a different company and believe me when I say the B.S. from him was beyond the scope of my patience! Thankfully Carmine from Number One was honest ,efficient, clean and pleasant. I'm grateful for his expertise and would request his service again for any plumbing issue.
5	All I have to say is fast, great customer service, and job well done.  This company knows what it is doing.   Not to mention they are fair.   Will use them from now on.
5	I was so worried this morning when the AC went out and the forecast called for Sunny, Sunny, Sunny! I chose Number 1 based off their Yelp reviews. They were prompt, thorough and affordable. I spoke with Steve on the phone and was serviced by Leon. My AC is working again and it's only 8:15am! I have their card on the fridge and will be using them again.
4	I scheduled this company mainly because of all the detailed reviews. I needed alot of plumbing work done im glad i called them. Bill was my plumber and he was great. He explained along the way, answered my questions, and work was quickly done.  And didnt cost a fortune! Fyi, they will give u a discount for finding them thru yelp. :)
5	Two days ago, I walked upstairs and thought that I'd walked into an oven.  The AC was messed up.  So, I called these guys the next day and was able to book them for an appointment--they confirmed it with the tech and even called me up to let me know when they'd be over.I showed the guy what was wrong, he went outside and messed with a few things, and then pulled out a capacitor that needed to be replaced, in addition to fixing a leak.  I can sit back and relax in my fully air-conditioned house and enjoy the cool air as I write this review.  Guys, you were definitely a lifesaver.  And, I'm so happy that you gave me a $30 off coupon for my next service (as opposed to the 10% Yelp discount I got last year).  I was surprised that they actually remembered me, but I'm glad that they did.  I'll definitely keep these guys in mind whenever I have another problem.
5	We returned home from vacation late last night, and discovered that our AC was not working for some reason.  The unit would turn on and blow air, it just wasn't COLD air.  After spending the night trying to sleep through the heat, looking around on Yelp, and doing a little research online, we decided to give Number One Plumbing, Heating & Air Conditioning a call.  We had them on the phone at 11am, and they were here within an hour and a half.  Our AC was fixed and blowing cold air 20 minutes after they arrived.  There was no un-necessary troubleshooting process to rack up our bill, or false information either.  Our technician was honest and fair.  He located, tested, and fixed the problem (Bad Capacitor) quickly and efficiently, and didn't mind me observing the entire process.  He gave me some tips to be able to maintain the system better as well.  Overall, this company was as good as you could ask for.  Our technician was very experienced and professional, the price wasn't outrageous, and our issue was resolved within 2 hours of the first call.  Not to mention, we got a nice little discount too.  :)  Five Stars...Mention that you found them on Yelp!, and you'll receive a 10% discounted price.
5	I'm very reserved and hesitant when it comes to calling the repairmen. Basically because I have heard so many horror stories and don't know much about what I needed fixed. Fortunately for me, "Number One..." was such a pleasure to work with.These guys live up to their name. The people were friendly and courteous. The appointment was easy and prompt. Not only did the tech knew his stuff, he was friendly and patient too! He explained in clear layman's language what the problems were. He did not try to make up stories of hidden needed repairs. All that and the price was right! Can't beat that.
1	Tried their phone number, said it was disconnected.  Tried another phone number listed on their web site, same problem.In response to the owner, how would I ever get service from you if your phone number wasn't working?  Perhaps your phone lines only went down for the 30 minutes I needed your services, bad luck on my part I guess.
5	This is going to read as if I am a paid shill of Number 1, however, I most definitely am not. I spoke with Linda in the office and was very professional.  More importantly, she was patient and kind (two elements of professionalism that are often forgotten). She was going to call the service guys and then call me back. She forgot the second part, but I am confident that she would have remembered. I called back about 40 minutes after our initial conversation and I could hear phones ringing off the hook in the background...obviously, these folks stay busy.  She apologized profusely and said she would verify who was coming and when, and call me. Within 5 minutes, she did, indeed, call me.  Moments later, the service guy, Leon, called to tell me where he was so I could gauge when he would be here.  Leon was amazing.  I was completely freaking out on the inside because I know A/C repairs are expensive. Leon figured out the problem in something like 3 seconds after he removed the panel from my condenser unit. I needed a new capacitor. Totally not a big deal. Phew!  He did tell me that the bearings were going out on the fan, which I know to be true.  He didn't try to sell me a new system.  He did tell me what my options were for when the system needs to be replaced (after I asked), and his opinion was obviously based on his experience as an HVAC tech.  I will be purchasing my upgraded system from Number One.I also needed a pound of refrigerant, which was no surprise.  As a result of Leon's efforts, I am sitting in a deliciously cool house instead of sweltering in 80+ degrees.If Leon and LInda are representative of Number One, and I believe they are, then this is a company you can absolutely trust.  No one wants to worry about being ripped off, and there is no need to have that concern when dealing this Number One.  There is a reason that their Yelp rating is so high.Don't be hot when your A/C goes out in the Las Vegas summer and you KNOW you can't afford an astronomical repair bill.  Just call Number One.  They will take care of you!!!
5	I set up a service call for my AC through my home warranty company at 10 pm Thursday. My repair was given to Number One and I was to expect a call Friday morning. I got the call early Friday morning saying that they were booking repairs out for the next day and that I would get another call by end of the day letting me know the time window in which they would arrive. This is so understandable as living in Las Vegas, AC's run 24/7 in the summer. They did call me in the afternoon and said they would be coming out between 7 am and 10 am. So we camped downstairs with the kids one more night. The kids love camping out in the living room!At 6:35 am Saturday, I received a call from Donovan, the HVAC tech. He said he was on his way. Wow! Awesome! He was very polite, quick, to the point and replaced the capacitor. Within an hour of his call, our AC is blowing cold again! :)Thank you Number One! What great service! The ladies on the phone were also very polite and sweet! They were very thorough and nice!Even though I did not choose Number One to come out, as they were assigned to my repair by my home warranty company, I will keep them in mind for future repairs and refer them to my friends, especially through my work as an educator in the CCSD. Thanks again Number One!Now I'm off to enjoy my Saturday if I could get our four kids up! :)
4	when my ac went out i was obviously upset. Looked on yelp and found this company. Although not what I would call cheap, but then who really is now days. They where very friendly over the phone and arrived very quickly. They guy was quick and friendly and took the time to answer my questions and show me what was wrong and how to go about fixing it. They seem like an honest company that tries hard to give quality service to their customers. I would definitely recommend.
5	Didn't want to wake at 3 am w/ no A/C so needed to find a company to come out and check out the system. Call to the fiirst company (big yellow trucks/24 hr)..didn't get a good feeling..2nd call to this company..big difference just in the intial call...Maintance check 69.00 vs 99.00. Gave me a 4 hr window w/ a 30 min arrival call...perfect. Donovon met me..went thru step by step. Everything checked out..Did say the unit I had was not the best for the desert...But he didn't try to up sell me..I appreciated that. Said I still had about 5 yrs of life in this unit. I would recommend this company. They are a "christian" centered company, but don't make any judgements when it comes to service..best advertising is word of mouth..use them..also if you mention yelp you get a 10% discount on service.
5	I needed minor repair/upgrading on the valve and tubes on my water heater.  The customer service on the phone was courteous and quick.  The technician Carnine, called before he came out to the house and arrived in the time frame specified.  He is very knowledgeable and got the job done in a very timely manner.  I definitely recommend # 1 Plumbing, Heating & Air Conditioning and I would will call them again if I am in need of their services in the future.  Thank you!  Don't forget to mention you found them on Yelp to receive your discount.
5	I had talked to three companies regarding replacing my leaking water heater.  Number One came out as soon as they were done with another customers install.  They quoted a very competitive price and Carmine put my mind at ease with his great customer service attitude.  We shook hands and the work began.  They did everything they said they would do and very efficiently.  No mess and everything was spotless when they were done.  Byron and Scott, two of the managers, were present on the job site for assistance but Carmine was the main man and represented the company perfectly.  It was a pleasure to find a company you feel you can trust and have no reservations using again or recommending.  Yelp was a huge help in my decision and I got a lot from reading the reviews of others.  I felt it was my obligation to write this review so others would read of my great experience and would trust them as I did.
5	Last Friday, we had the unfortunate luck of our water heater flooding the garage. We contacted over 10 plumbing companies, most of which charge nearly $100 to come out and look.For the sake of getting a baseline we scheduled an appointment with one of the big advertisers Yes! Not to speak negatively about their company, but we were immediately uncomfortable with the half an hour of sales pitch. We simply wanted to replace our heater. Needless to say, we did not use them because of the grossly high prices.One of the companies we called was Number One Plumbing. Their onsite quotes are free, and they were at our house within the hour. The plumber walked in our garage, took a quick look at our heater, told us the price, which was completely reasonable, and completed the work within an hour.They proved to be straight forward, honest and quick to the point of getting you back on track. We will definitely be using them again for our future plumbing needs.
5	Called on wednesday evening for thursday schedule for maintenance on my both a/c units. Well thursday morning one of the units fan motor went bad. Good thing appointment was made. Jason arrived on time and had part to fix unit. Unfortunately the skies were starting to look good. Decision was made for Jason to return and finish maintenance the following week.  Glad skies didn't open up when he was replacing fan. Totally recommend them!
5	So, for the last two years, my air conditioning unit has been threatening to die. We've had several companies out to repair it, but, alas, it became obvious that it was time to replace it. We called out the company that replaced our upstairs unit, and we called out Number One. We compared prices, we compared Yelp reviews, and we compared the vibe we got from both companies. While the latter two categories helped push our decision toward Number One, the fact that they came in $2,400 cheaper than the other company certainly didn't hurt, either. Their technicians, Steve and Gabe, came out, did a very professional job, left everything neat and clean, and were polite, courteous, and simply a pleasure to work with throughout the process. The gentlemen who came out to give the initial quote were good, too, but, unfortunately, I can't remember their names. (My fault.) They are my new HVAC company of choice.
5	Been meaning to write this review for a couple weeks now.  I live in San Diego but I have a tenant in a condominium I own in Las Vegas on Flamingo road.  AC broke down on him.  Knowing things like that could be expensive and worried someone might try to rip me off since I'm not physically there,  I got on Yelp to find out who's got the good reviews.  They were able to get out that day in which they gave a free estimate.  The price was right, very fair for what was wrong and the amount of time it was going to take, so I gave them the go ahead and tenant is happy again.  If you want honest, fair, quality service give these guys a call.  Highly recommend.
5	Very honest. I requested ac maintenance service just last weekend and was told it is better to have it serviced in the spring. But Ryan still ran up to the attic and did a quick check out of the unit and the drain pan without charging me anything. I will definitely use this company next spring time.
5	09/08/2012Bill was very efficient and friendly! His service was unbelievable . In a city where service is a =_@#$ Bill took care of my water heater problem. I would  recommend this company and Bill to  anyone with no hesitation at all.
5	My air conditioner was not blowing any air.  It had been coming on and off for several days.  I looked on Yelp for reviews for air conditioning repair, since I know several people who had been dishonestly overcharged for work that didn't need to be done.  I found Number One.  The office dispatch was friendly, and got an appointment for me right away.  Donovan was our repair person, and he was great!   The repair took about 20 minutes, and it was a minor repair.  What a relief!  I would recommend this business to everyone!  , We will definately be using Number One again !!!
5	I do give a lot of five star reviews, but only when they are well deserved. Used these guys for the first time to fixed some badly badly clogged drains. Everything went exactly how they had told me over the phone. They called my right away after I put in a request on their website, and they called to confirm an appointment time the day after. My plumber, was Bill, he was exactly on time, professional, and so very nice. He was in and out with everything fixed in under an hour. No hidden or extra fees for an estimate, just the cost of the repair. Thank you Number One and Bill!
5	I'd never had to call a plumber before and didn't know who to call. I did some research and decided to call #1 plumbing. Right from the start the woman on the phone was so professional and nice! She set me at ease. She told me that someone would be out in about 1.5-3 hours and they would call when they were on their way. About 45 minutes later I got a call from Carmine saying he was on his way. He was at my home in about 20 minutes, well before the quoted time. He was very friendly, clean and knew his job very well! He figured out what was wrong, gave me a quote and got it fixed in less than an hour! I am extremely pleased with the service I received and will use them and recommend them to all my friends and family! Thank you #1 plumbing, heating & A/C!!!!
5	If you need a good plumber you can trust this is the place!!! I have deal with many plumbers before but, this place is the best! All the good reviews on yelp is right on with this place. With the review I like to thank Bill B. Thank you!
5	When I called in for a free estimate I must admit in scheduling the appointment I probably wasn't the easiest customer (how about this day - how about this time). They were very patient with me and worked with my schedule. Roy is the name of the gentleman that came out to look at my leak, I can't say enough good things about him. He was very polite, informative, professional and seemed to care. One would be hard pressed to find this sort of service anywhere. I am glad I read all the reviews before choosing.
5	The bathroom sink at our office had been leaking for who knows how long, so we finally decided to get it look at today.  I found Number One on google , called and made an appointment  for the same day, no problem.  Roy came out and gave our sink a look and said we needed a new one.  We decided to have him replace it for us.  He took our sink out so fast, I even remarked to him how fast it was! He went, got the new sink, installed it, and was on his way.  He was so nice, and we're so happy to have a non-leaking sink!
4	If any of you in Las Vegas need plumbing repair/assistance of any kind, call Number One Plumbing, Heating, Air Conditioning. With the courtesy of my neighbor, I had discovered that the water pipe fixture on the side of my house (the one that controls the main water line and the pressure) had cracked and was leaking.  It was only until a week passed when I had decided to get it looked at (the crack actually got bigger over time and was leaking more water).  Having had prior experience with another company in Las Vegas to fix our water temperature problem, I was quite skeptical and afraid of the type of service I would receive for plumbing--the man at Larkin not only raised his voice at me on the phone but they only cared about giving us temporary fixes to our temperature problem.  However, that was not the case when I used Number One Plumbing.I called Number One Plumbing and the lady on the phone was prompt and friendly.  She then sent  a plumber to come at around the time when she said they would come, and the plumber Bill called me ahead of time to let me know he was on his way.  When Bill and Jeremy came over, they not only replaced the fixture within 10 minutes, but they explained the way the pipes and knobs work as well as taught me how to keep my pipe from cracking again in the future.  Talk about helping me keep my pipes in tact permanently instead of giving me BS ways to increase me costs!  They were even upfront about the costs and gave me a DISCOUNT!  And most importantly, they were the most personable and considerate plumbers I have ever met, unlike *cough* Larkin (who gave me attitude on the phone a couple years back).  I'm only posting this because they truly deserve pounds of cheesecake for putting me at ease.  In a city where customer service is not up to par with other states, this company is a diamond in the rough.
5	The ladies that answer the phone and schedule, and Roy, my plumber, did a great job. My water heater needed replacement, I had no doubt, even before Roy took a look and confirmed it. I think the price was reasonable, and I believe I wasn't taken advantage of, given my water heater was looking really sad and on its last leg...I am sure.The new water heater is working great, and Roy did a great job making sure the change was pretty seamless for me, cleaning up after he left, taking the old water heater so I didn't have to deal with it, and ensure water running and air out of pipes due to water shut off during repair.
5	What is going on in Vegas, first I find a real doctor, now I find a real plumber !Carmine was friendly, the price was way under what I had thought, they showed up on time ! quick, clean, oh hell I love yelp for pointing me in their direction and advice anyone with a plumbing issue to call them first.
5	#1 plumbing just left my house and I have ZERO complaints. They were professional, quick, courteous and fixed my leak with minimal inconvenience. I can't imagine not calling #1 plumbing for all my plumbing & a/c needs! It's been almost 6 months since my water leak and they provided me the best service.
5	This is the ONLY service that I have had a great experience with since moving to Vegas four months ago. Roy the plumber is awesome. I've used him twice. Soooo nice and he goes above and beyond.
1	Called #1 Plumbing.. regarding a rental.  They gave a 3 hr window to tenant yesterday then changed to a midnight yesterday or 4pm today with tenant.  Then they just called tenant and said they can not come out until Tuesday.  Besides an upset tenant, they never called me, the customer to inform me.  Instead I have to hear from an irate tenant.  Poor customer service!!
5	This is the ONLY service that I have had a great experience with since moving to Vegas four months ago. Roy the plumber is awesome. I've used him twice. Soooo nice and he goes above and beyond.Update-So now my air conditioning decided the day it was 102 degrees to stop working.  Jeremy came to the rescue and now my house is polar again. I had called after hours (someone is always there as they answer 24/7) and he said first appt. was Friday. This was Tuesday, so I cried like a 40 year old baby and they fit me in the very next day. THANK GOD.  This company is the best. I wish they did more things!
5	AC was not working and when Donovan came, he said that the motor was bad. He replaced it quick and at a reasonable price! Thank you Chris for squeezing me in! Both are my lifesavers! ^_^
1	I am NOT recommend this company at all!!!!!!!   I saw the reviews say the people is nice on the phone call.... I am very disappoint it.  I called in today (6/10) at 9:52am and ask to make an appointment for my house AC repair today if possible.  A lady said it will be for tomorrow, and only can choose AM or PM because they will call at 4-6 pm the day before to confirm to the customers.  So I told her I will call back later because need to make sure someone can be at home tomorrow.  At 11:59, two hours later I call again, and said I need to make an appointment for tomorrow.  First she told me ok so I gave her my name, and phone number.  And then the next minute she put me on hold... And when she  back, I told her I wanna AM.  And then I'm on hold again.... Second time when she back I said again I would like in the morning.  and then she said:" tomorrow is full and it will be at wednesday."  I was so mad.  So I said to her:" You were say tomorrow is available that's why I gave you my info.  and now you say it will be on Wednesday..." And she said:" I thought you had an appointment."  I said :" NO... I told you I need to make one.." She said:" well, I had been told tomorrow appointment is full, it will be available at the day after tomorrow so Wednesday will be the day to making appointment."  OMFG.....Anyway cuz Vegas today is 100 Fahrenheit so I still make the appointment with her.... The house inside is GOD DAMN HOT!!!!!  I still making an appointment at Wednesday Am... And guess what, I'm on hold again........   AWWWWWWW............. And third person pick up the phone and ask anything she can help......  I was wanna laugh and say never mind.... But I was thinking the appointment is almost done... So I told her someone is helping for the appointment..... Of course, I'm on hole again.....T.T.............. When she back... Finally... My appointment has been set up....... I think sometime is bad ideas to call the popular company.... When they get busy....they might unable to keep the same customers service to everyone.  No matter it is good or bad review, it all represented the whole company.   I already cancel my appointment because I don't wanna more trouble.  Hahaha... When I cancel my appointment, it was quick.
5	Just got done inspecting my ac. I am impressed by the professionalism and knowledge Rafael (the ac tech) displayed while attending to my ac.  Luckily there wasn't anything wrong with my ac. But just to get it checked by Rafael was more than worth the amount charged.  I am happy to see an HONEST ac company in Las Vegas. Needless to say if I ever have any problems in the future I am calling this place and recommending this place to all of my friends and family.
5	Our technician called to advise that he was arriving earlier than scheduled, but it actually happened to work out better for both of our schedules in the long run. It was my first attempt at cooking a new recipe with rutabaga. Turns out that rutabaga peels will actually clog your disposal, apparently I didn't get the memo!  Carmine came to the rescue and took care of the issue in less than an hour.  He was super honest as he could have over charged us for an unnecessary snaking.  The experience was totally painless, fast and friendly!  Carmine is also funny and had some great stories...we were amused!  I would definitely recommend Number One Plumbing to my fellow Yelpers.  You also get a 10% discount if you mention you found them on Yelp.  If you have an issue with your plumbing definitely ask for Carmine he's our boy!
4	So that same water pipe they replaced started leaking again and we called them to examine it .  Even though 5 months had passed since the first repair, they repaired the leak again and didn't charge us :)  Thanks guys.
5	So i woke up at 11:30 at night and it was a balmy 95 degrees in the bedroom... AC was blowing hot air.  I called immediately and was told my service request would be answered in the morning.My apt was scheduled between 9-12.  I received a call from Raphael and he told me he was on the way.  Raphael looked at my AC unit and removed the top.  It was found to be some loose wiring that had stopped the fan from turning.  Raphael fixed the wiring and ran some diagnostics to make sure nothing failed while the fan stopped spinning.  Once i was up and running again, Raphael surprised me he said THE SERVICE WAS FREE OF CHARGE!!!!  When do we ever hear that in todays day and age???He was extremely knowledgeable and professional.  I would highly recommend and will call them again.Ask for Raphael!
5	What can I say about this company. My air conditioner went out in the hottest week of summer. I called another company first. They told me I needed a new air conditioner which would cost over $6,000. I decided call #1 plumbing and ac and get a second opinion.  When Bill got to my house we told him what the other company said. He said let him look at it first. He found out that we didn't need a new air conditioner it was just blocked. He saved us over $5,000 because he cared enough to take the time and fix our air conditioner. I can not say enough about this company and enough about Bill.
5	Great on the phone, honest and accurate with their time estimates.  Free to have them come check you out even when its the busiest time of the year.  AND here is the kicker.  The guy who came out did about 5 minutes of work and didn't charge us a dime.  He said our unit was OK and we just had a kinked hose, which he bent back into shape.  He helped us find the right kind of air filter online so we knew what to get, and went on his way, refusing a tip.  Everyone I dealt with at this company was not only courteous, professional, and good at their job, but actually a pleasure to talk to.  I instantly trust anyone who has the capacity to "fix" things that aren't broken and turns it down.  This company is legit, and they've earned a customer for life from me.  Don't hesitate to give them a call.
4	We've had technicians from #1 come out three times, twice for A/C calls and they're always on time and courteous. On the first visit, a year ago, they inspected our a/c units and ensured they were in good working condition (after years of neglect from previous owners) and even gave us some tips on how to take the covers off so we could clean them ourselves and save some money. They came out again just as we got an excessive heat warning and we began to hear the fan motor having a hard time starting in the mornings. The tech tested all of the capacitors, which were working fine. And at the mid-day time of day when he arrived it wasn't making the noise, so he gave us the all-good.Less than a week later our fan motor was on it's last leg and we wound up replacing it ourselves, but we appreciate that the tech was able to help us narrow down the actual problem with the unit. Two more things: these guys are on-time and speedy with their work. They are also fairly priced and won't suggest repairs unless you actually need them and can afford them.
3	I got my water heater replaced yesterday through this company based on all the great reviews, but I do not recommend this company.  The overall service was okay, and they were quick to respond to your call.  However, when they replaced the water heater, the technician damaged the dry wall and the paint where the water heater stands.  So I pointed out to the technician and his response was "oh, this happens all the time."  Okay, so if it happens all the time why don't they use a towel or some thing to prevent it from happening?  Not sure about others, but I don't expect to have people come over to fix something but break something at the same time.  Especially when I paid $1035 for the service.  I've asked to speak with the manager, and he too said the same thing...that it happens all the time.  Okay, then fix it!  The manager said he'll call me back to schedule an appointment later to come and fix the damage.  Of course, he sounded a little irritated like I ruined his day.  This company might have good reviews but I wouldn't use them again.  How can they call them professional when they damage your place when they are just replacing the water heater.  And if it happens all the time, then have the supplies ready to fix it.  To me that's the sign of professionalism....especially when you paid them $1035.Now I'll see if they will actually call me back to fix the damage.  May be they will if they see this review.  I'll update in the future.Update:  They came back a week after and fixed the problem.  Very prompt and courteous.
1	I own multiple rental houses and I've been searching for a good plumber I can trust.  I decided to give Number One a shot when one house got a small shower leak.  For the 15 minute job installing an inexpensive part, they charged $225.I heard from the tenant that the plumber that showed up was very polite and efficient, but that isn't worth $800 / hr.  Number One foolishly priced themselves out of lots of future business with me and my family.
4	These guys are awesome! When my air conditioner stop working they came out, found the issue (melted wire) and fixed it, for FREE! The two guys that came to my house were knowledgeable, friendly, and didn't look like criminals (like they sometimes do with other companies). I left a star off due to the length of time it took them to come out to look at the issue, two days. Being Las Vegas, that isn't an unreasonable amount time to wait for a quality company but it was inconvenient. I would definitely use Number One again!
4	Great company to do business with.I've called this company a few times in the last month and I am very satisfied with their service.  The first time was in the middle of sweltering heat in LV.  The AC just died.  I called up this company based on excellent yelp reviews.  I got scheduled for next day.  Albert was prompt and professional.  He took a look at my thermostat, the furnace and the roof AC.  He fixed three different things and replaced the motor on the condenser.  He even fixed the thermostat that was not screwed in properly on the wall.  That was really nice of him.  On top of it, the charge was reasonable and even got the 10% yelp discount.  Later in the week, I had to call back because my neighbor noticed the AC was loud.  By the time Albert came out, there was no more loud noise.  He did the inspection anyway, and made sure nothing was out of place.  He didn't even charge me for the visit.The third time, I had a leak in the ceiling.  It was a Sunday after LV got hit with heavy rains from last few days.  I called a different company because Number One can't come out til the next day.  The guy quoted me $770 to drain the primary and secondary AC pipes.  Unfortunately (rather fortunately for me), he is unable to do so because he did not have nitrogen in his van.  So I called Number One anyway.  Albert was able to fix the same problem and he only charged me $150.I have to deduct a star because when I called Number One after office hours to make sure they send out an AC technician, not plumber, that message was not relayed (Must have been a third party company that answers calls outside of normal hours).  On the appointment date, they sent out Carmine and he had to call back the office to send Albert out instead ASAP.
5	My downstairs toilet overflowed on its own =(... so disgusting.  I saw the reviews of this company and decided to go with them.  BEST DECISION EVER.  I called the company around 9pm and said they could send a technician over around 10.  I opted to just have them come the next day cause of the additional fee.  They told me to expect Carmine between 12-2.The next day Carmine called to let me know he was on the way AND he arrived around 12.  I let him know what the problem was, he did an assessment of the situation, and gave me an estimate.  I accepted it and he went right to work.  I asked him a couple questions and he let me know what was going on...kinda walking me through what he was doing.  He informed me of the problem and resolutions and future problems that may occur.   When he was done he noticed I had a water leakage problem in the front of my yard, did an assessment and took extra time to fix the problem at no extra charge.  Granted it was an easy fix the fact that he actually took the time to notice and address the problem made me really appreciative.  I should be saving $20-$30 on my next water bill.  From start to finish the service was excellent.Just FYI: This is a 24/7 response company, but they charge $75 after regular business hours.
4	... Well my job is not 100% done yet, because i decided to get an additional unit and now i need a drain line thingy... but, I give this place a 4 stars mostly because Roy is dope! I wish it was a little cheaper though, but then again... as the saying goes; you get what you pay for. ;) Roy Rocks!
5	Excellent service all the way. Definitely recommending to all my friends. And I'm absolutely coming back for any future plumbing needs.
2	don't buy the $85 deal.  They charge you $85 more to make up for the deal.  So you end up paying $35 more.  The service is nothing special
5	Good work, roy. Thanks for the insight
5	I had a water heater with a massive leak that even leaked from the garage, all the way into my kitchen. I called my usual plumber but he was all booked up till the next day and told me he didn't repair water heaters anyway. Since I've dealt with being ripped off with everything from car mechanics to plumbers and on an on, I figured I'd check out Yelp. I'm not sure if it made a difference or not, but when I called "Number One Plumbing", I told them "I promise, if you're guy doesn't rip me off, I'll leave a positive review on Yelp". **I think this is a smart move, because even if they weren't very honest (which I believe they are, as you will read), then they know you're the kind of person that leaves reviews- so if a business is smart, their going to take good care of you. **Also I turned off the main water valve, so the leak had stopped for the time being. Anyway, there was no question I needed a new water heater. The question was "How much is it gonna cost me and what if anything else is the plumber gonna try to upsell me on??" Well, when the plumber Roy, arrived about 3 hours after I called (Which was extremely fast considering a lot of plumbers don't even call you back the same day!), he checked out the water heater and found it was rusted through. He then told me a brand new one would cost $850 installed. That "sounded" kind of expensive, but I had no time to waste, so I told him to go ahead and install the new one and while he was installing it, I checked what the going rate was for an new and installed 50 Gallon water heater, and I found rates from $900 to $2000! So Number One Plumbing charged me $50 less than the cheapest price I could find online! That works for me. In addition, he mentioned that although I won't notice a massive difference, this water heater is more energy efficient than the old one, and will save me money in the long run. All and all, I am very satisfied with this plumbing company and will definitely recommend them to others, and call them for any other issues I may have in the future. Thanks Guys- And Thanks Roy!
5	Just moved to Vegas and I have to start building all my contacts. My kitchen faucet was leaking and I called Number One Plumbing based on their rave Yelp reviews.A technician came, very professional, and diagnose the problem asap. To save some money, i ran to Lowes to get a new faucet. The technician came back later and install it. The rate is not cheap but they get the job done. I'm satisfied with their work.
5	When our central air unit starting making a really, really bad klunk-klunk-grind sound in the middle of the night (on a very hot evening) we started to panic. I turned to Yelp to look for recommendations for a good a/c company. After weeding through the "too many glowing review" suspicious ones, I settled on Number One Plumbing, Heating & AC. I'm happy to report that my fellow Yelpers once again didn't let me down!Our a/c tech, Jerome, arrived on time the very next morning. He was courteous, polite, and PUT ON BOOTIES OVER HIS SHOES without me having to ask! That impressed me the most. Jerome came in and asked more about the issue then climbed up in our attic to take a look. He took lots of photos and showed me what was going on (lots of dust in a part of the unit). He said it's a good idea to get your ducts cleaned but he didn't think we needed to spend the money on that yet. In fact, he did not suggest ANY unnecessary repairs and was very honest and straightforward. Thanks to a Yelp deal, I saved some cash and a new part, including TWO home visits for the repair, only took about $300 out of my pocket. Not bad, and now our central a/c is blowing the coldest air it has ever put out in over 8 years.I didn't feel ripped off at all, and I love when a service person is honest. Me, my home and my pets were all treated with respect. If you want fair prices, courteous techs, and friendly, honest service, this is the place to call. This will be my ONLY a/c, heating and plumbing company from now on. Consider me impressed!
1	Nice people but they charge way too much found out they were overcharging me by $200
4	I needed a plumber to come look at my garbage disposal and kitchen sink area as I had a leak that was persistently pouring water into the cabinet underneath the sink.  I had looked numerous times and could not seem to find the cause, so I just started looking here on Yelp and picked Number One Plumbing as it had good reviews and was located close to where in live in Las Vegas.I called and spoke to a polite women who answered the phone, don't remember her name, and she was able to schedule a same day appointment for me between 3p-5p for a plumber to come over and give a FREE estimate for repairs.I had run out to do a few errands and got a call at 2pm that the tech was running ahead of schedule and that he could get me in early.  Unfortunately, I was out of the house still and could not meet early, so the scheduled time was kept.  I thought it was a nice touch that they called and offered the earlier time.Roy arrived to my house between the indicated times and was friendly and polite.  He immediately diagnosed the problem as a giant crack in my garbage disposal.  We discussed options, pricing, and he gave me an estimate.  There was no pressure to buy right away as I was not ready to spend that kind of money right at that moment.  I just wanted know what the problem was more than anything.Roy gave me the estimate and a voucher for $30 (I think) off the service if I decided to go with his company.I would definitely look into calling this company again if and when I need more plumbing assistance...Hopefully not anytime soon though!  :-)
5	I had an extremely difficult problem with my furnace, other local heating/AC companies had been unable to fix. T t involved (a circulating pump) is no longer available. Relying on good yelp reviews, I called these guys on Tuesday afternoon. At 8:45 am Wednesday, their plumber (Carmine) and AC guy (Donovan) arrived. After looking over the water heater and furnace, Carmine discussed in depth what would be needed, options for repair and ballpark figure estimates. He returned later the same day after I approved the repairs, pulled the old unit (which required some plumbing disconnects) and went to work on it. About 90 minutes later he installed the replaced unit, had the HVAC guy make the electrical connections.....and.....it worked perfectly (for the first time in about 2 years. Absolutely awesome! These guys are what tradesmen should be....prompt, courteous, honest (and the price was very fair for the extensive work and time involved). I recommend these guys without any hesitation.
5	I needed a garbage disposal installed and Charmine came earlier than the appointment window which was very much appreciated being that it was also on a Saturday. Charmine was so helpful and friendly that we called again for some more plumbing issues.
5	I needed an HVAC technician to fix my heater. Within an hour after I called, a technician was at my house and less than an hour after that, my system was repaired. I consulted another company prior to calling Number One Plumbing and was told that I had a burned out motor. The actual problem were burned wires - a much cheaper fix.  The technician, Ryan, was very professional and personable. Next time I have an issue, I will definitely call them again.
2	Water heater busted on a Saturday night, I called the 24/7 number the message operator took my info and I  promptly received a phone call around 8am. After reading all the Yelp reviews I was ready to give them business but declined after being notified of a $75 "Sunday Visit Fee". I declined, took my business elsewhere and had a new water heater installed by 11:30am Sunday morning.In fairness, they were really nice over the phone and quick to set up an appointment. I just didn't like the $75 up-charge for a Sunday visit from a 24/7 service company.
5	Yay! Crisis averted!!! Heater fixed ... Thank you for the quick response. The technician Raphael was very professional and efficient!!!
5	We have a service contract with another company.  When they were bought by a bigger company, our semi-annual checks started turning into sales pitches and we no longer trust their recommendations or estimates.I called Number One Plumbing, Heating & AC to get a second opinion on some furnace issues the other company "discovered."  This morning their technician Donavan came exactly on time.  He spent about 30 minutes at my home checking my two furnaces and reported back to me that everything looked fine and no repairs or part replacements were necessary.  He then wiped off the dirty fingerprints on the attic access that the last guy left behind.  And NO CHARGE for the service call - WOW!  You can bet I will be calling these guys back in the future.
1	I had used #1 plumbing to replace my water heater last February. I was super happy with Roy, ease of making an appt, etc. and gave #1 plumbing 5 stars on Yelp immediately.However based on a more recent experience, I'm decreasing to 1 star rating.In late September, I noticed 7 tiles in my kitchen were buckling and the grout line between these tiles was raised in a small peak. I knew my sewer lines ran under my house and feared a leak of some sort. Based on my previous experience with #1plumbing, called them for an appt. I also reviewed their website to make sure they were experienced in leak detection and used sound equipment to evaluate situations. Carmine came out, evaluated the buckling, fired up the sound equipment, and determined there was a leak. He had me listen also, to show me the difference of an area of floor with a leak and without. He said I had a "slab leak", basically water pipes leaking in slab foundation (a common way builders develop Vegas homes). He said this was a big job, basically to jack hammer foundation, find leak, and repair leak. We made appt for him to come back with help. There's more story here, but will spare for this purpose.When #1 team came back, they validated with their sound equipment again, then got busy to identify the leak. Removed/destroyed 28+ tiles, cut dry wall in 3 places on first floor, drilled holes in foundation. No leak. Carmine and team were going to continue with more destruction-looking for this leak. My anxiety was creeping up a bit, and with my insurance company on the phone, we (all-including Carmine) thought to call American Leak Detection (after this experience, I learned contractors in Valley know them as experts). #1 plumbing left house, ALD there in 2 hours. Eddie, the tech/plumber, was there for 15 mins with his similar looking sound equipment, he said NO LEAK. Of course I was upset, but I used him for next 45 mins (as I was paying him for the hour/service call) to learn a bit about Vegas plumbing/house construction. He also supported his findings verbally and with a written report. I called Carmine (he had given me his mobile #), told him ALD said no leak, Carmine laughed said he is as lost as we are. He doesn't know for sure. I left it with that, hanging in air, told Carmine I needed time to think. Really, just wanted to get off the phone with the guy who ruined my home. I cooled off, 3 days later called #1 plumbing, asked to speak with plumbing service supervisor. Bill and I rationally discussed the events by phone. Bill made a house call to review damage. After some back and forth, #1 reimbursed me for the cost of repairs.2things:A) #1's sound equipment was not working correctly at the time.B) Root cause of buckled tile-was extra moisture in foundation from the extreme rains we had in late summer. Generally, tile buckling could be a slab leak or excess moisture in foundation (due to Vegas' extreme weather conditions, heat/dry/monsoons). Once leak is ruled out, moisture may likely be the cause.#1 is getting a 1star updated rating due to their faulty sound equipment, and lack of expertise by team. I learned that their first cut into my home's dry wall showed my piping ran up into house from garage (behind drywall to 2nd floor-this is more common in Vegas homes built in the 2000's and after) and not underneath home. The team did not know this or recognize it. So the destruction continued.Look, I believe in learning from all mistakes. I learned a ton from this experience, e.g., plumbing, construction, specifics to look for if a leak is suspected (w/o equipment). Generally, #1 plumbing has nice people working for them, and I really trusted them before this project. I was planning to use them (and recommend them) for all my plumbing, and HVAC needs. But this experience was not good. 3 months later, after repairing my home, I'm writing this review--and not to be overly critical to the business but, to maybe assist others who may be in a similar situation.
5	Nobody knew what was wrong with my water heater.  Roy came out not once but twice!  The first time I had to cancel on him due to an emergency- and he was basically 2 minutes away from my home!  Both times he was courteous and both times I was given same day appointments!  UNHEARD of!!!  Roy was genius and did his magic- Voila, a functioning water heater!  All it was, was just a tricky ignition!  Roy was simply the best. If there's anyone to ask for it's number 1 plumbing. And ask for Roy- you will thank your lucky stars!  I know the main thing with any technician is trust.  Don't trust me, see for yourself. Their impeccable rating is definitely earned!
2	The plumber and his work were fine.The price, not so much. Cost of O Ring is 71 CENTS each. Cost to install on 3 toilets.. $345. Let's review. Materials cost is a total of $2.13. Time spent doing repairs -1hr. So I paid the plumber $342.87 for 1 hr of labor. I believe that will help you when you call and they "can't give you an estimate over the phone".
3	I used Number 1 in the past, so I called them out to check an issue. They were pretty good about their timeliness. The tech diagnosed the issue pretty quickly. It was an inducer motor for a Lennox furnace. Since it was Saturday, they couldn't get the part until Monday, but he could get me the price. There was a price range from 860 to almost 2600. Needless to say, I was a bit shocked with the range of prices and the upsell to the Platinum package and the "bandaid" version didn't seem to include replacing the part, just repairing it. He was going to explain all the plans, but I just had him email me the bid with the different plans. Because of the different plans, I was forced to get a second opinion. I actually got 2 more opinions and was a little disappointed  in Number 1 to find out that most of the items in the upsell were unnecessary. I will say, Number 1 was timely and sent a knowledgable tech out. I was just disappointed with the pricing structure
5	Had an issue with water overflow when the dish washer drained the water. Called on Tuesday, they had an opening and they sent Roy to fix the problem. Very professional, he told me what the problem was before I finished closing the door letting him in. Within thirty mins the problem was fixed and we even got a voucher  for $30 for future repairs needed. He even gave me a heads up that we'd need a new garbage disposal soon and gave us rates if we went through them. Pleasurable experience. Will continue to use for any plumbing needs.
1	What a ripoff! For just connecting bbq grill to a gas stub is worth $300+. We already bought our conversion kit and we have a stub so why $300+?. And it's a brand new house so nothing to fix. Some companies they only charge $65-$80. We just chose this company because of the "$30 for $75service deal." If not for safety, I would just install it myself! Just a waste of time!!!
2	Stated they do not offer this service when I called but was given a referral for an alternate company.
5	They plumber showed up quickly. Friendly. Didn't give me a feeling like he was going to hustle me in anyway. I am very comfortable with referring their services. Thank you.
3	Had an appointment today. The Tech found that the freon had leaked out. Then the pricing structure 850 ish dollars for 6 month warranty to fill freon and test for leaks. Holy crap. I am shocked at how expensive every single hvac place is. Nearly a grand!?!?
5	Wanting a second opinion I called Number One. Glad I did! Service tech Rafael was very helpful and informative.  He found the problem with my AC and we discussed the possibilities for resolution.  In the end I purchased a new unit which was installed the next day. Rafael and Gabriel completed the job with professionalism. I will definitely call on them again if or when needed. Thank you Number One.
4	Not all HVAC companies clean air ducts so when searching you may need to connect with 2-3 companies before finding one that does offer the service. Number One was able to assist with referrals in this instance.
1	This place over charges. My compressor on my ac went bad.  I needed a new one. Instead of a price break down . I got a menu of prices from 4800 to 2400 to put in a new compressor . The diffrence from the 4800 come with  2 yar warrenty vs 2400 comes with 6 months warrenty.  A new compressor  only cost around 1000 and a new system is about 4000.  I dont  recommend this place if you have ac problems.  I went somewhere else and have a new compressor, fan, capacitor put in and only 1700.
4	My second time using them for plumbing.  i've used them for air conditioning and they are the best - hands down.  They told me more than i ever wanted to know really.  The plumbing was done quickly and professionally.  i liked that they called a half hour before so i could get home in time..  I got a quote for other work which was cheaper than the other company i used, so I'm happy.
5	I'm a fan of this company! They came out this summer and repaired our old AC unit and they came out again this summer for another quick fix. Jeremy came to the house quickly and installed a new capacitor in a timely manner. Thanks for the service!
4	I currently live in an apartment and when our a/c went out, the management company sent these guys out. I called about the broken air conditioner around 2 pm on Monday and I was scheduled for an appointment for Tuesday between 10am-3pm. Alfredo and Benny got here just after 3pm and they were able to fix it in about 20 minutes. They were super friendly. It was miserable waiting for them (it got up to 100 in my house by the time they got here), but they got it fixed up quickly. The only negative is that I wish they could have given me a more specific timeframe for when they'd be here. Staying in such a hot, hot house for 5 hours just waiting around with two little kids was not pleasant; we would have gone somewhere with air conditioning for the morning if we had known they wouldn't have been here until 3. Even if they had to give me such a big opening, if they could have called 30 minutes before they got here or something, it would have helped. But it's done now and it's fixed, so I'm happy (and mildly cooler).
5	I just had Donovan come by my house today. He was honest and fair. Didn't try to sell me anything. I would highly recommend them to everybody and if I need them in the future i will use them.
5	Excellent service. Albert came out on a Sunday night to fix our A/C. We noticed water dripping from upstairs through our ceiling. The unit drain upstairs was clogged. Albert fixed it quick and explained how to prevent it in the future. Number One is #1!
5	Called on wednesday evening for thursday schedule for maintenance on my both a/c units. Well thursday morning one of the units fan motor went bad. Good thing appointment was made. Jason arrived on time and had part to fix unit. Unfortunately the skies were starting to look good. Decision was made for Jason to return and finish maintenance the following week.  Glad skies didn't open up when he was replacing fan. Totally recommend them!This time my larger a/c unit was making noise. Called Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning they came to inspect unit. The noise was the case around the unit. The motor was OK but the bearings were starting to go. There was no ETA when the motor would cease. The house wasn't cooling Saturday evening. Placed a service call Sunday morning and the tech wasn't able to fit us in. First thing Monday morning Donavan was here and motor was replaced.  I recommend them. Great service again!
5	Amazing!  We used their services about 2 years ago, and boy was I glad I remembered their name!  Office was super friendly.  They came right out, didn't have to wait!  Jeremy was amazing!  He fixed our a/c within 20 minutes, and the charge was super reasonable!  Unfortunately the next day I came home to a hot house again.  But it was not through any fault of this company.  They came right back out the next day, and found out it was just a breaker that had tripped.  Jerome was extremely helpful, and thoroughly checked the a/c, again.  No charge!  This is truly an honest company.  Not knowing anything about a/c I could have really been taken.  Thank you, thank you, thank you Number One!  You guys really are #1!
5	They are the best in the town I think. Donavan (Technician) is very professional. They wouldn't try to sell you anything. I will definitely will call them back if I need help again.
5	Called in the morning and the repairman was there fixing my A/C within hours. Could not ask for better service. Reasonable price.
5	Donavan was great! Another company told me I needed a new unit and would need to spend between 5-12k. I saw the reviews on yelp and called Number One. New fan motor $531 and everything's cool!
1	The relationship started out good at first. The person on the phone was very nice and scheduled me for same day service. Since it was a rental, they had to contact my renter to schedule a time. All was good. The Technician called me around 4 pm to tell me that the compressor was bad and it needs to be changed out, $2098.00 for 6 month warranty, of course he suggested a better 1 year plan for $2600.00. I  realized from reading the past reviews that this company tend to charge more. I asked the technician several times" IF THE ISSUE COULD BE SOMETHING ELSE?" He replied every time "No Mam" this is the only way to fix the air conditioning and make it run again properly. Also, the compressor has to be order so he was not sure when it will get done. The company will have to call me back later to reschedule since they need to order the part and do not know when it will be available.  So I called Legacy Air for a quote, they gave me a quote over the phone of $1850. 00 to change the compressor if that was the problem.So I followed my guts and reviews on Yelp and went with Legacy Air. YES, I had to pay #1 plumbing the $49.00 service fee. (total waste of money) but It was worth it to follow my gut.Legacy Air had an appointment open up at 6pm. The Legacy Air technician called at 6:15pm and said there was something wrong with wiring out side and fixed it. He charged me $70.00 total. Now the air conditioner is blowing cool air and running good. THANKS TO LEGACY AIR, I DIDN'T GET RIPPED OFF TODAY!!!!!!!!!!
1	I called and was told no one can help me after nine why say your open 24/7 if you can't help
5	YIKES I came home after a long hot day and my house was just as hot!! Was not sure who to call so and it was 5:30 pm. So after reading the YELP reviews called Number One. Boy was I glad that we did. The Tech arrived soon (within an hour and 1/2) and he proceeded to replace the motor on the air conditioner. We rent so the landlord paid for the work but I know that the price was in line because our landlord said it was about right. So they did not gauge anyone because of the weather or the fact that he was working on the unit until 7:30 pm!Very fair, reasonable and fast!
5	I've lived in Las Vegas since '02, and of course have had a lot of service calls for Air Conditioning units at a lot of different residences. By far, "Number One" is the best. Both of the girls at the office I spoke to, and the tech (Donovan) are the most organized, professional, efficient, honest, punctual, cordial, etc.etc., crew I have ever dealt with. We had a complicated service situation, since we were dealing with a home warranty company and a house we just moved into this April that was built in 1993. At first, I thought to call another HVAC company that we used at another home, to just get an inspection, and do any necessary preventative maintenance. The home inspector of course didn't do any of this thoroughly, so it seemed like a good idea. Well, that first company and the "tech" ended up basically fixing something that wasn't broken.Their tech had mentioned that the fan motor MIGHT need replacement soon, and the bearings were most likely worn. Coincidentally, the unit started making noise almost immediately after the first visit. It was operating fine before. When we called the company again because of the noises it was now making, the same guy came back with an attitude, "made some adjustments" and the sound was gone. But only again for a day or two. It was really bad at this point, and even FAILED just last Sunday. At this point, we called our warranty company to have them create a work order, and the first service company never even got back to us. We left the house that afternoon, since it was almost 90 degrees inside at that point. When we returned several hours later and turned it on it was working again, so we thought maybe it was a fluke and overloaded, etc.The unit worked for a couple days, but was making noise even worse now. When we called the warranty company again on Tuesday, within 30 minutes a different HVAC company (Number One) responded immediately, and the tech Donovan came out within 30 minutes. Of course, as he was en route, the A/C unit magically stopped making noise. He ran a thorough inspection and test of the whole system, checking amperage levels and variances, the physical unit and clearances, compressor, capacitor, fan, you name it. There was nothing more he could do at the time, it was working properly. Our hands were tied. The warranty company would not allow the replacement of any parts since the time Donovan was there, nothing was at failure. We all pretty much knew the fan motor was on it's last leg, but it didn't matter. We paid the deductible, and had a 30 day time frame that if any issues arose again with it, he would come out without us having to again pay a deductible.Again this being Tuesday, everything ran well for a few days. Up until around noon yesterday. This time, we noticed it was getting hotter and hotter, and outside the unit's fan was BARELY moving. It was toast for sure. We called Number One, with excellent response and phone service again. We we're afraid that it would do the same thing, and "magically" start working again. When Donovan called me, He told me to turn the unit off (since I said we were leaving it running, in effort to prove that it was in fact failing) as to not damage the compressor. He said he got a pre-authorization from the warranty company to replace the fan motor, and not too worry. Prior to talking to him I thought a little video insurance would be a good idea, so I took a two-shot video of the thermostat, noted the time and dysfunction, as well as the sound the unit outside was making and how the fan was barely operating at all.Surely enough, he again arrived within 30 minutes as he said he would, and replaced the fan motor. The fact that he got the pre-auth, and saved the hassle of having to prove anything to the lovely home warranty company in that short period of time is nothing short of outstanding. Now, the unit runs great, makes no noise, and our house isn't a sauna. Thanks Number One! Look no further folks, the team at Number One really is the best.
1	I was expecting this place to be good! I had a cracked outside faucet. The gentleman from #1 arrived on time and after hours, so this was good, but when he arrived he was talking to someone else via bluetooth the whole time he was talking to me, and rather than repair the wall he spent our entire interaction trying to upsell me to another contractor. He outright refused to repair the wall, claiming I needed thousands of dollars of work done and I needed to get work done by this "emergency restoration" contractor he was very clearly getting a kickback from.After consulting with several knowledgeable individuals it became abundantly clear he should've just sealed the wall and been done but instead he left me with a giant hole in my exterior wall, a mess on the floor, also he said "worst case" would be $400 dollars if the pipe was all twisted in the wall, and it wasn't, so he charged me $376 instead. And he spent most of the time on the phone.I wonder how much he gets for "referrals" to emergency restoration. Anyways I now have to get another contractor out to finish the work that #1 plumbing started.They should call it "#2 plumbing", because they do a sh*tty job.
5	YOU WILL NOT FIND A COMPANY WITH BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE!!  Bill Boileau is one of the friendliest, most knowledgeable representatives we have ever encountered.  We will ONLY use Number One Plumbing, Heating & Air Conditioning from now on and HIGHLY recommend them.  HIGHLY!!!
5	I should have posted my review from last year, but was never able to get to it for one reason or another, BUT, due to having to call for their services again, they definitely earned it (they did last year too, but life gets crazy sometimes). Last year our ac unit went out... during the hottest week of the year. Number 1 handled the situation quickly & professionally. 13 months later our ac goes out, like a bad nightmare, on a Sunday (yesterday). Number 1 had a tech out within the hour. He got the ac working but it wasn't quite right. Number 1 sent out a tech this morning and the tech, Jerome, got everything straightened out...all under warranty, of course. Since my ac was replaced last year, I now have an extended warranty for my house that Number 1 accepts (didn't know that when I purchased the warranty, just found that out yesterday), & will continue to use them whenever needed.
1	This was my nightmare home repair experience.  Everything I asked about was a $200 issue, including a toilet flapper replacement.  I ended up buying the $10 flapper myself and putting it in in about 5 minutes. I think the man who came thought I was someone who would just fearfully tell him to do $1000 in repairs.  These are like the car repair crooks you always hear about. I wasted $35 on the coupon but it would have been much worse if I had let that guy touch anything in my house.
5	We have had the unfortunate pleasure of working with these folks three times over the past eight months... I say unfortunate only because I would have rather NOT have had to call for repairs.All three technicians were incredibly nice and honest. Yes, honest. These guys all took their time to show us exactly what was wrong, explained possible reasons why it happened, recommended multiple solutions, and performed the work necessary in a very efficient manner.  One man even suggested ways to prevent the problem from happening again and what we could do on our own to remedy.Two calls were for plumbing, one for AC repair. The AC repair shared some good insight on the type of unit we have and what to do to prepare for the inevitable replacement (far sooner than I had hoped, but we have time to save and prepare for it).Overall, if you have a plumbing or HVAC problem, give these folks a call!
4	Called them on a holiday weekend and repair guy was at my house within an hour. Very nice and super helpful. Answered any and all questions and AC works wonderfully now.
5	Pros & ConsGreat Servicecame next day in the morning as requestedgreat deal as I applied the Yelp voucher currently availabletechnician Jerome took his time in explaining things to me above and beyond his responsibilities for some wifi features and explained how to improve efficiency. Thank you guys!
3	Love these guys for HVAC work.  I cannot recommend the HVAC guys highly enough. honest, Sadly, I've not found the plumbing side to be so honest and on the ball. So, so work and hard sells on things that don't work for twice the retail cost (not including install).So, to sum it up, for HVAC these are my go to guys.  I'll be sticking with my independent plumber from now on.
5	Called at 12:30pm on 11/10/14, spoke with Nicole for about 5 minutes to see if we could get a technician out to my mothers house to fix her AC/Heater and she was able to assist, I also asked if there was a quote fee for the tech to come out and they said because we were new customers it would be free. She said the tech would be there within the hour since he was available at the time and would call prior to coming over. About 45 minutes later Jerome was at our door with a smile! He did not call but was at the house under an hour so that was fine. He asked if we knew what kind of system we had (Aqua Flo/Therm?) and said he was very familiar with that type of system, then he dug around in our attic & checked the hot water system for about 45 minutes and gave us a quote of $400. $400 was what we paid when my friends (now defunct) HVAC company replaced it (the part) a few years ago so that price seemed fair. We could've shopped around and had another tech from #1 come back as there was absolutely no pressure to take the offer, (he actually asked if we still knew the tech and started explaining where the tech could buy the piece to install it for us if we did) he was friendly, honest, and explained a bunch of questions about our A/C system to my mom after he was done replacing it, made sure the house was starting to warm up & that we were happy with our experience before he left. Oh and Jerome actually said they were having a special and the cost was actually $330 total out the door. Wonderful!
5	Pleased with this service. Always weary of any type of repair services, since you are really at their mercy when it comes to diagnosing. The repair tech who came out was prompt and most importantly honest. When he discovered what the problem was, he was able to repair it on the spot. He also checked into the part's warranty, giving me a discount...which he didn't have to do.
4	Really good experience with this company.  Recently had my garbage disposal system go out and also had a leaky toilet.  They were pretty busy that day I called so the time frame to block out and wait was 12pm-5pm, but they said they will try to get to me as early as possible.  They ended up coming around 3pm.  The technician that showed up was really helpful and fixed the garbage disposal system and doubled checked the whole sink system was working fine.  The toilet took some time, but he gave me some great tips about certain models and additional information.Price wise they seemed pretty reasonable for the amount of work and service they provide.  Overall a good experience!
5	Wonderful company, receptionist nichole is very pleasant, helpful and professional. Within minutes I called, she scheduled my appointment, called my tenant, emailed me coupons. She's great!
1	I needed a compressor replaced but wound up going with another company that could do the work sooner for about $200 less.  Also, when I got the estimate, I asked for the Yelp 10% discount that they offer in their posting and I was told they were already giving me a discounted price.  Really?  Why was another company's non-discounted price so much cheaper?   Also, they never told me in advance that they would be charging me for an estimate.  They charged $49 for the estimate, but shouldn't they have told me that upfront?   The second company said they would not charge me for an estimate regardless of whether I went with them.
