5	Great Place.  This was my stop each morning while I was in Charlotte.  The staff remembered my name, my drink and got my on the road every morning in a hurry.  Just the way I like it.  Very attentive to customers and their time constraints...
5	I consider myself a Starbucks connoisseur as I visit them in every town I go to. This one was clean with fast and friendly service. It was exactly what I expect from a Starbucks.
5	Very well run store with polite staff
3	I like the people here but it's a tiny place, if you're looking to sit and do some work or have a meeting you're better off trying the one by UNCC.
3	I mean its a Starbucks.  If you've been to one, you've been to them all.  There's limited seating on the inside. The staff was friendly the one time I went here.  The coffee is expensive.The ice Fraps will help you get sH*t done.
4	The staff here are awesome. They know my drink . They have great out door and indoor seating area. The store is very clean and organized. I have had some experiment with bad Starbucks coffee at other Starbucks but not this one.
1	Pathetic. Stood for 2 minutes at register while employees discussed their insurance plan.  No one even looked in my direction so I left. No latte for me :(  Service has always been a little slow at this location but never like this. Last visit to this location.
5	My favorite local barristas whipping up delicious caffeinated beverages and tasty treats to keep me going through the day.
4	So I love Starbucks like any other fan, but I love Starbucks even more when there's a special (like any other fan). Like the $3 Grande Frappuccino they have until today. However,  I hate Starbucks when they don't plan accordingly for the crowd. First,  if the deal starts after 2 and it's 2:30, there should be more than 2 people working. Especially on a Saturday,  3 wks before Christmas when people are out shopping.  There were at least 5 people in front of me, a few after me when I got there. Order taking was an average, and the barista making the drinks was pretty quick. However 2 people after me got their drinks ahead of me.  I don't understand that if we're all getting Frappuccinos.  It's not like ordered a Pike beverage that's already made. The good thing is she did say sorry for the wait.  At least acknowledged it.
