5	OMGGGGG!!!!! Thats what I yelled after the first..... well you know. I went to Parvin to get my very first Bikini wax for my wedding day. I wanted to do something special for the Hubby for the honeymoon. When she heard what I was doing it for, she convinced me that I should go all the way and get the full monty. A Brazilian Wax. To spice it up a little. So I agreed. She was extremely nice and comfort me because I was nervous as all get out and even though with every pull, I let out a slight yelp little a new born puppy, she was very quick and efficient and was done with in 5-8 minutes. Walking out of the salon, I walked with a little more twist and I liked it. And the Hubby LOOVVVVEEEDD it!!! Will definitely be back again and again!!!
5	I can't vouch for her other services but if you are looking for waxing this is the BEST place to go. Parvin is exactly what you are looking for in a waxer....short, sweet, in and out. She may tell you to suck it up a little and don't use numbing cream....but she won't judge if you do :) She is SO nice, client oriented and very professional. When it comes to getting a Brazilian I don't dare go anywhere else!!! If you haven't tried her.....you are missing out!
5	I tried a few full service salons around the Dilworth/Southend area before finding Parvin...I have been getting waxed for a few years Brazilian (and have tried multiple places in the different locations I have lived) and Parvin is by far the best!  I haven't had any services as far as facials from her, but her waxing is top notch.  Minimal pain (for a Brazilian!) and is very quick!  She is so professional and is happy to answer any questions you may have.  This is the perfect place to go for your first (just make sure to tell her) or 100th waxing-  her pricing is great also- and tip is included in the cost.  by far the best waxing service I have found in the Charlotte area!
5	Once I moved to Charlotte, I searched EVERYWHERE for a good wax.  Parvin is amazing.  I was a die-hard beliver in hard wax, which is not what Parvin uses.  However, whatever she does use is less painful and has better and longer lasting results.  She even told me after my most recent wax that if I see a hair or two grow back in the next couple of days to come back (free of charge) and she would get rid of it.Additionally, she provides you with rules for after your wax, which, if you follow, make your wax last longer, stay cleaner, and NO future ingrown hairs (which has always been a problem for me).I love I can make my appointments via text message with her, and she ALWAYS says yes, even to same day appointments, and it's quick and easy.  She is efficent, and kind, and as someone who has been waxing for almost 15 years, this is my favorite place I have ever been to.  I will, without hesitation, recommend Parvin to anyone.
5	I had a great experience. I waited a LONG time before getting my legs waxed and she was very nice about it. She even offered a touch up next week.  Made me feel so comfy and I will be back for sure! For just meeting someone and lying there in my underwear, it felt like she was family. I will not go anywhere else!!! You shouldn't either!
5	I was upset when I had to find a new esthetician when my regular spa closed down but they say all things happen for a reason. I couldn't agree more in this situation. Parvin is GREAT! She is very professional and what I like more than anything is that she values quality. She said if I need a touch up to just let her know and I could come back in free of charge. I'm very happy things worked out the way they did. Couldn't have asked for better service. Looks like I found my new esthetician =)
5	excellent first experience that I had to come back. Parvin is awesome.
5	I did quite a bit of research before deciding on Parvin for my first Brazilian and I would advise first timers to make this place your first experience.  She has been doing this for many years and knows how to make a very uncomfortable experience very comfortable.  She explained everything she was doing and what to expect and after care.  Don't be fooled, it is quite painful but she is very quick and done before you know it...............although it may seems like a lifetime in that moment.  I think her prices are much better than other spa's in the Charlotte area.....I highly recommend.
5	Parvin is phenomenal!!  I've been going to Parvin since I moved here over 2 years ago.  I tried many others before finding her and I have been to many over the years and I can say Parvin is tops!!  I wouldn't trust my brows (and such) to anyone else!  She makes getting a brazilian wax comfortable.  Who knew?!  She's awesome!
5	Best waxer! I wish I could take Parvin with me everywhere I go. She is amazing, great service, good price, very clean, quick Go See her! I wish she could travel with me
1	I was truly disappointed when I came in for my first ever brazilian.  The lady was way past late and there were other clients waiting as well.  I felt she rushed through my first time and it was the worst experience ever with her.  She told me, if this was painful for me I shouldn't give birth because that is ever worse pain...who says that to their client the first time they are coming in?!?  I tried two other places for brailizans and the experience was amazing and pain was mininal. I wouldn't go here nor recommend anyone else!
1	Very disappointing. I was searching for a new salon moving to Clt and this was a recommendation. Not sure if the lady who typically does these was out, but the one who did wiped me the wrong way after she was done and well....ladies we know what a series of problems that causes.Would never go back after that experience!
1	Very disappointing.  I've been getting waxes for years and just moved her and went to Parvin.  I have never felt like I had a jump off the table in pain before.  She rushed me through and gave me a full wax when I only wanted a bikini because she never asked and didn't remember what I said when I made my appointment.  Needless to say she had to do both sides so it was even. I haven't been back.
1	Went here for a spa pedicure. She was about 10 min late, and I had to call her to see if someone was showing up. Once she got there, she asked which service I was having, and assumed I was there for a wax. We're at red flag #2, in case you are counting.She got ready and I was placed into a facial table, Yes folks, a table where I was laying down, face up. She brought out the cheapy target plastic foot soaker and I was in the weirdest and most awkward position with my knees high in the air, heels close to my butt,  soaking in this plastic tub while lying on this table. Almost like a pap smear. It took 1hr 40 mins; she serviced about 2-3 clients at the end of the pedicure as well as she was the only one there. Almost 2 hours?!  She put 1 mask on my feet and had a nice but short foot/calf massage with lotion...nothing else. She spent 90% of the time filing my feet, and hey I needed that, but jesus I hope I can walk tomorrow.She is EXTREMELY nice and was chatty but not too chatty. Looks like she's a great waxer based on other reviews but STAY FAR AWAY for a pedicure.I love supporting women-owned and run businesses but I will not be returning for any nail services there.I have yet to find a good spa pedicure in Charlotte that is less than $50.PS it's very hard to find, in a small building between Thai Taste and Ryan's Salon. It's also upstairs, so make sure you go through the front door and go up the stairs.
5	Made a last minute reservation (15min before appt) here after my flight home was cancelled. Parvin was terrific about accommodating my last min reservation even though it was pretty unreasonable! Fastest (but still thorough) Brazilian wax I've ever had. She does use strips, but she's still very fast and is clearly very good at her job.Cash or check only, so come prepared!
