4	The staff are very friendly and knowledgable about pool maintenance.  I usually get my Chlorine tabs from them as you don't seem to need to use as many of them to keep the chlorine up.  The ones I was getting from the Wholesale Club seemed to never keep the chlorine up.Another great thing is when your pool robot conks out they will fix it for just the cost of parts which is really nice.  They have kept my Hayward bot in tip top shape.  They will also do water tests and sell you the odds and ends to keep everything working.Great pool store.
1	If I could, I would like give no star for this store.  The people work in the store don't have knowledge about pool.  However, they do like to tell you a story and sell you stuff more than you need.  Be aware!!
2	knowledge of the people in this store is hit or miss...I stopped in because my pool motor is making a racket.  I had a picture of the label, showed them it's a 3/4 hp motor.  it either needs a rebuild or replacementthey don't do rebuilds, so I ask for a price on a replacement.  the guy brings out a 2 hp motor... and quotes me something like $450.   he was pretty clueless, asking me what type of motor I wanted.  umm... I showed you what I've got, why wouldn't you be able to tell me what I need to replace it?  I sure don't need a 2hp motor to replace a 3/4 hp.I know two-speed motors can be used in place of my single-speed and they're more efficient, so I ask him about that.  He has to call a guy at another store to figure out what I need and how much it is.like I said, hit or miss...
1	Art, the store manager, is completely incompetent.  The rest of the staff is pretty much clueless.  They lack a basic understanding of pool chemistry as well as customer service skills.
1	I go in this store just for giggles. I needed a skirt/pad for my Barracuda pool cleaner. For OEM, $101. B & B in Tempe, $69 for OEM, $50 for generic, always more beefy than OEM, not offered at Leslie's.  Just for convenience can be very expensive!
5	I was surprised to see an average rating so low for this Leslie's location.These guys have been my go-to guys for pool matters for the past nine years.This weekend, I wanted to issue a shout out to Art. He went far beyond the call to help me figure out how to get my inop pool pump working again. He walked me through the issues and options. He then patiently helped me figure out how to replace the pump myself...and then walked me through the steps I'd missed when things didn't immediately work right.Bottom line: I trust these guys!
