4	A little more home style compared to Roberto's and Fausto's. I had the Steak Special for their Grand Opening offering of $3.99... Great deal! Steak came whole as opposed to the Carne Asada plate version and half the price. Ordered two beef tacos and was pleased with not only flavor, but size as well. A little nice touch with the tacos was the mix of Mexican and Cheddar Cheese.I'm looking forward to trying their weekly specials in the future. If you like Roberto's and/or Fausto's give The lessor known Don Tortaco a try.
4	Open 24 7 and they have tacos Lengua? I like this place already! Food is good and so is the price!  Ordered the special combo 2 Taco Lengua rice and beans drink included for $6.25 that's cheap! Portion wise plenty enough.  Yum Factor- 3.7/5 its tender but Taco y Taco is better seasoned (shhh) but hey it's all good What's Cool - the tropical soda fountain drinks see pics below. Staff - friendly, even cook engaged in chit chat. They speak both English and Spanish. Open kitchen.. You can see it's CLEANDining area clean, modest furnishings has seating for 24 but is spacious Location - tucked in corner of strip mall where that  gymnastics school is .. only noticed this place at night from their neon sign and the banner on Horizon Ridge. How is it compared to the other Mexican fast food 24 hour place down the street? Well.. first thing I noticed the clientele late night aren't a bunch of drunk fools. So much rather come here for sure. Disclaimer: This review was done on my phone on the fly. While eating no doubt. So don't go grammar police on me. .. and there you go... my first review using the new Yelp app feature for Android users.. About time!
3	I went here last night and it is ok.  They fry their taco shells before preparing the taco.  It was something different from the others and overall I say this place is ok.  It is close to the house, the prices are good and they are open 24 hours.  If you are in the mood for some decent Mexican food, this is not a bad place, give it a shot and give your opinion.
5	Great place!!! Food is good...place is always very clean and the employees and very friendly and go the extra mile. I recommend it
4	Finally got to trying this place. I usually frequent Fausto's but I got a mailer for this and decided to try it. I was pleasantly surprised. The food is great. The place is super clean. And the beans... amazing.
5	We saw this place on our way home and decided to give it a try..The place was spotless! Great vibe upon arriving. Staff was excellent and very attentive! We ordered a plate of nachos  and the  #2(enchiladas with a beef tacos.) The tacos shells are amazing! Loved the food. My daughters new favorite place. We will be back!
1	If I could give less stars I would. The worst taquitos I have ever had in my life.  I would have preferred to microwave some boxed ones at home.  Do yourself a favor and go to the Taco Bell right next to that place instead.
1	Food is GOOD price is NOT.... Everyone seems so unhappy at this location... makes me not want to go back :(Update: the place changed ownership and the cooks are awful!!! Nothing taste good like it used to... Burnt or dry.... So sad !!!
5	Wow.... Great value and open 24/7...the food is so good... Doesn't seem like many people know about this place tho
5	always a great spot to come for a quick bite to eat.  food is fresh and staff is freindly.
1	Not so great first impression from this joint. My boyfriend ordered a carne asada burrito with meat, cheese, beans, and rice only. Of course, we get all the way home and it has onions and guacamole on it. He's pretty fortunate that I tried a bite of it first, since he's allergic to onions! So we took it back to them and they acted as if they expected it to be wrong. It was really kind of weird. Got a refund and went to Faustos instead.
2	New management,  food is Ok, the sauce bar needs help.   Old management had the sauces down.   Employees don't have answers on if the sauce was old or if there was any newer sauce in the back she just said this isn't my store and that's all we heve Hopefully they get the quality back to what it was.  If not then on to find a new spot.
5	The food is fine. Wished it was still open 24 hours. Have had several of the items and really nothing to complain about. They were able to answer our questions about the ingredients in the items. I just wished that they had green onions...most others have them.  The staff has alway been very friendly towards us.. Nice to have choices in this area.
2	Ok so went here tonight signs says open 24 hours then little sign on the door says closes @ 10pm.  Well 9:30pm. The doors are locked.  Had the people standing inside open the door and make me food. . Sure enough fryer was shut off.  If you have a restaurant and signage that states that you are open then you need to honor this and give quality to every individual that walks into your establishment up to the time that you close.  I really enjoy not being able to get what I wanted.  Thank you so much and I hope you do well.  Now time to find a different Mexican food please that honors the hours of operation.
5	This location on Horizon is amazing! Always clean, great service, food is great!Also the masa for their tamales is spot on, which is very hard to find.
3	Had take out from here yesterday- food is ok, not as good as Robertos in my opinion-it took them forever to get two burritos and a quesadilla and then they forgot my churro - so I had to make a second trip, I will try again and give them a second chance
2	I was at the Horizon Ridge location this am..other locations offer chilequiles for breakfast if you ask... Not here..other locations have "taco Tuesday".  $1 tacos.. Not here, I asked.. The cook said different managers, different specials....settled on a plato of chicken taco and chicken enchilada..with drink about $9. Food was lukewarm. But it was 9 am and since they are not 24 hrs...(like the others) and don't be fooled by all take out menus that claim 24 hrs...I guess the rice, beans, and chicken did not have time to cook.  I have been to other locations and will return to them...not going back here.
5	So good! Chicken Quesadilla with double guac! Nice largr pieces of white chicken. Veggie bean burrito! Chef is definitely taking extra care to make your meal rxtra good! Always fresh and the employees are always so friendly! Super clean and easy location! Would HIGHLY recommend!
