4	Went to the opening of this a couple weeks ago.1st, let me just say that its awesome to have another live music venue in Tempe. 2nd, it's great to have another theater in town (w/ the recent departure of TLT).Although they weren't serving food or drinks yet, the cafe space looked phenomenal. The graffiti work on the walls is gorgeous, and there are plenty of tables and couchs for people to sit at. It's nice to have a space to "get away" from the bands that are playing to have a conversation, but still be able to enjoy the music.I love the side gallery too, what a great idea. The stage looked great too. Good for bands and just the right depth for an actual theatrical production. The counter bar in the middle of the room is very cool. With pub tables as well, it gives the feel of being back at Last Exit while a band is playing and like youre in a kitchy club for all other avant garde performances.Hope to see more local bands there as well as theater!
4	Great new multi-purpose entertainment facility that just opened. They just started serving food last night and I had a fabulous "Punk Panini" sandwich ... value for the price....and a rock band going last night.....Can't wait for the theater to open and the bar to begin serving in the next couple of weeks.....
4	Loved the show we saw here... Can't wait to see what else is coming up...will go back for sure!
3	Positive firstI love the reason for the venue, to give performing artists a place to play and have a nice crowd, sound system and refreshments all in one. I get that ...BUT..The cafe does not serve beer or wine before the show starts. Both times i have been there the cafe is out of coke and all they had was diet or Sprite, yet inside the stage room the bartender had a crap load of coke available. LameThe first time there the entrance to the stage was a cluster F. The second time it went much better. Partly because I bitch a little to the host. Squeaky wheel.. you know. The Stage room was set up properly the second time and the show went well. They do serve beer and wine and appear to serve local flavors. I would suggest better seating in the lobby, perhaps better refreshments there too.
