1	I had AZ Exterminating for a long time (~4 years) and all was great (welll not great, I didn't have bugs but there were other issues....). When they decided to switch to a new "better" pesticide that only meant they had to come every other month, that was when this company hit the skids. Also, the new spray service was more expensive, not twice as much but still. The price went up drastically for a per visit fee.The "better" stuff DID NOT WORK. I had to call them to come back and respray every month, which they did. I got tired of calling every month and said, just put me back on the old monthly service. THEY REFUSED. Said they didn't offer monthly service. So I was like fine, I will call them every month to come for a free respray.One day I realized I hadn't seen a bill for a while, I checked my records and found they hadn't been here in four months! (It was over the winter so bugs were at a minimum). I let them know this wasn't acceptable and if it happened again, they no longer needed to come here. Lo and behold, it happened again. So I hired a new company. Guess what, AZ Exterminating showed up a month later while I was in Europe, sprayed, and billed me. I refused to pay. They reported it to collections and now its on my credit. Meh, I still have a super prime credit rating and AZ Exterm is still a poorly run company. STEER CLEAR OF THEM!!!
2	I'll chime in.  We had AZ Exterminating do a full-out caulk of our house because we have scorpions.  My husband wonders if we were seeing more scorpions after that because they were trapped in the house when we caulked.  Needless to say we switched to Assured Pest Control when we found a record 4 scorpions alive and kicking in one night in our front foyer and living room.Since switching to Assured [(623) 877-0726], we still see scorpions outside...dead or dying.  Haven't had any in the house in some time.
1	I had a contract with this company for their "All Pest Solution". I continuously had Drywood Termites that they couldn't seem to treat properly. Not only does their warrentee not cover damage done by the termites such as other companies like Terminex, but they wouldn't even cover the price of the tenting to get rid of the termites. After I paid them over $1000 for tenting, they voided my warrantee giving no reason. Now I'm out that money and have to pay another company over $1000 to get a new warrantee.Stay away!!! These folks don't play by the book.
4	As soon as I switched to Az Exterminating all the pest problems that I was trying to deal with myself were solved.  They always call a day or 2 before my scheduled date, they seem to lay down appropriate amount of chemicals for the time of year/pest activity and my technician is always professional and polite.   I got 3 quotes before choosing a pest control company, they were right in the middle price wise.
4	Service is very strong, always call to see if there is a problem.
4	They've been spraying at our house for over a year and we have been very happy. We had a horrible black widow problem, as in, we would kill a dozen a night on the back patio, within a week of them starting our service, they were gone entirely. And they haven't been back which is more important. We do sometimes get an earwig in the house but that's because I don't have the indoor service because I have a parrot. They always call me the day before to check and be sure it's okay to spray and remind me to leave the dogs in and they always leave my invoice on my door. I have not had any problems with them at all and I carefully read all warranties and fine print and think they are a good company. I also got quotes from other companies before going with AZ Exterminating. I also love that even though the yard gets sprayed, I have not seen any dead lizards which is a good thing! We still have them on our walls and geckos in the garage which is fine by me. We don't have as many, which is also fine by me because it means there is less for them to eat which = fewer bugs! The only thing I am sort of sad about is that our lovely, roaming female wolf spider who would valiantly take down some of our black widows is gone and she hasn't been back with any offspring. My guess is she was an unfortunate unintended victim. :(
1	They had a 3hr window and never showed, when I called they didn't seem interested in my business
1	I decided to go with AZ Exterminating when a door to door salesman for the company was coming around my neighborhood and offering a discounted promotion for the winter months (bugs are barely out) I signed up for the quarterly  service as the guy recommended because and I quote "you wont need more than that our chemical treats and remains active for longer than that. Since I signed up there have been several scheduling issues, the tech not showing up during the time frame he was supposed to etc. As long as he came that was not that big of a deal to me, I just want to the spiders gone. Well we got sprayed last time in April around the first of the month of so, I noticed recently there have been huge spiders all over the patio and even some in the house. So I called them yesterday and wanted to have them come out (they have a worry free guarantee if the bugs come back before the next spray so will they to take care of the problem) I spoke to the lady at the office on the phone and she said no problem at all she would have the tech give me a call to schedule when the best time to come out would be. About an hour later the tech called to schedule, I was so impressed when he said he could be out the next day between 730am and 8am. YAY the bug guy is coming to take all the bugs away. Well this morning (next day) I got up at about 7am and waited for him to show. I about 8:15am no bug guy (Frank is his name) so I send Frank a text asking if he is coming or running later. No response. At 9am I get a call from a lady by the name of Cricket telling me I have to upgrade to the bi monthly service in order to have him come back out because the chemical breaks down after 60 days. Are they aware a quarterly set up is 3 months, no 2?!? I said Cricket your tech was supposed to be here an hour and a half ago and you are calling to tell me that he's not only NOT coming, that in order to even get him out here at all I have to upgrade to have you come out every 2 months instead of 2 because the guy that sold me your business promotion last winter LIED to me when he said it would last more than 90 days? She had a little giggle and said well you must have been misinformed, we only offer the bug free guarantee if you are on the bi monthly billing cycle because we know the chemical wont last longer than that. BUT they are running a promotion right now so its only 75 instead of 90. SO UNPROFESSIONAL. I told them to cancel my service immediately and I would find a company that truly understands communication and customer service. If the tech should have never scheduled the service in the first place you should not have had him give me a call. GET IT TOGETHER. I will definitely be giving the manager Chris a call on Monday to find out what happened and how I was so misinformed. FIND A BETTER BUG GUY, these guys do not know what they are doing.
5	The only review I have ever wrote about a company was for AZ Exterminating, I felt so disgusted and upset after my experience with their customer service rep that I felt compelled to let everyone know about it. I would like to update that review because of the many efforts since June that the company has made to keep my business. I really feel like they care about their customers and want to make things right. Although it took a couple of months for a response, the response did happen and it was a personal phone call from the service manager. I really appreciate him taking the time to call and apologize for my previous experience and taking the time to listen to my complaints. This company is definitely on the right track and with service techs like Frank, you can't really go wrong. He is what saved me as a customer. I never stopped being a customer because of Frank, I just made it very apparent I only would work with him, nobody else. Since then I have had no issues at all. Then when I received a phone call today even though they already have my business to apologize and better understand what happened, it made me feel even better about the company and what they stand for.  THANK YOU for going the extra mile AZ Exterminating, this is what helps companies grow!
