3	This place is a unique combo...The place is 3 stories, and there is a rooftop bar that overlooks Scottsdale Olde  town.  That is cool.  The food is bar food, but also has things like Alligator Tail and Crawfish.  That is pretty cool. Not necessarily my thing but still different.  That is the Good. Also Chad K. is bartending there and that is great as he is completely quality and usually any place he is at becomes a party in itself.  The Bad is that the place is new, and doesn't quite have its customer service down pat yet.  Our waitress seemed like she was a Gneub.  It wasn't that busy and she couldn't get stuff right.  It very well could have been a bad day for her though. She was still nice. I think it could be a cool place of happy hour and a fun place to rock football on Sundays.
5	Went there for Monday Night Football. Not crowded at all, but everyone was really nice and chill. We sat on the rooftop level and they had the heaters cranking so it was all good.  I like the levels and thankfully they have good railings for going up/down the stairs since you'd probably need them after 'a few'. I had a bacon burger w/onion rings and it was pretty awesome. Bartender, bouncer,  and owner were awesome and friendly.. I'll definitely go back.
3	This place makes a decent drink but no "wow" factor at all.  b-o-r-i-n-g and I felt like I stepped back in time.  This place could use a serious make over!
2	Food is decent Drinks are good pricedManagement was just rude and I will never be back.
2	Place is pretty good, I havent had the food here, but some of the bouncers at the front are nasty, they say, " you gotta hit me with something if you wanna go in", even when they dont have a cover. The rating is exclusively for that.
3	The large rooftop patio of this boathouse bar lured me in. Once inside, was a bit disappointed. Very large, but quite trashy and dirty looking. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't filthy or anything, its just more casual and dive-y than what I was expecting. still a decent place to grab a few drinks. I haven't tried the food, but they have a good money saving Yelp deal. Ahoy mateys!
4	I can really see myself having a lot of good nights here. I remember the old place across from ASU, it had it's own unique charm and if you're expecting that same hippy backyard feel, you won't get it here, but they did a great job making you feel like you're on a boat. Thursday night is the night to go out for sure here, they brought back their .50 cent beers in those lil plastic cups. We had rounds and rounds and rounds of beer, ate some sloppy fries and walked out spending less than $20.00! A few cool things I did see there, their draft system is really interesting, you will have to see it in action for yourself. I love all the games around the place, Abby and I had a blast playing giant jinga, and next time we need to hit up that beer pong table and cornhole. Another thing to note, this place is pretty large. I feel like I would have a better time if more people were there, but it's 3 levels! Rooftop bar is awesome by the way. Not too many of those in the Phoenix area. They also had the music pumping throughout the place with TV's everywhere downstairs. Music was really good, but looks like the Video DJ put it on auto pilot since a lot of the night he was no where to be found. I'm guessing you guys will pay attention to these reviews, so please fix the speaker on the rooftop bar on the West side, it kept cutting out, not a big deal but just so ya'll know. I have a Yelp deal I need to use, but it would have been impossible to use last night on .50 cent beer night so I'll update when I go next time.
3	Barneys is a multi layered bar that is more low key than many of the other bars in the area. If you are looking to just have fun and not overdress, pay a cover etc then this might be the place for you.I found the second level my favorite. The bartender was friendly and was prompt with the refills. I could see the roof level being a cool place when it's a bit warmer, but the drawback would be the smoking for me.You've got to like how the beer is poured from the bottom up! When you have a bit too much to drink, what else could be more fun than trying to catch the lobster  (think the claw game to get stuffed animals).3.5 start
2	This place was dead on a Saturday night at 11 PM. How does that even happen? I only visited the top and bottom floors. The bar itself was rather drab and had no personality. I could care a less that it was more of a "dive" bar, I love dive bars. But this wasn't a dive, it was just boring. The bartender at the top level was cool at first, until he got other customers. Then he started straight-up ignoring us. We asked for our bill 5 times and he continued to serve everyone else ahead of us. Get your flirt on, bro, I'm not mad about that. Just try to serve people in order and we'll be happy campers.Bottom floor had a sweetie bartender named Pam. Liked her. The DJ also threw on some Groove Armada and made me extremely happy. I was drunk and satisfied, but the ambience of the bar was severely lacking, making me not really want to visit again.
5	A nice place in old-town, Went here with a friend, I tried the Jer-making-me chicken sandwich, it was really good.  we used a daily deal.  The overall experience made a good impression.  The environment is a very laid back feel, which is a nice change of pace for the area, no need to dress up, check it out, enjoy a beer, and see for yourself.
4	Barney's is an interesting place to start out the night in Scottsdale.  For those of you who missed my entrance a few weeks back, I was the girl who's heel got caught in the crack in the road and biffed it.  I did get a roaring round of cheers from those inside and outside the bar....probably had something to do with my dress flying up, as I spun like a ninja, in an effort to prevent a face plant on the asphalt.  I did land sitting straight up, but I digress.  There's really nothing else like this place, which may be a good thing.  Three stories of drunkeness is probably more than enough.  I often wonder how many people trip on all those stairs.  There is an elevator, if you look hard enough.  The beers fill from the bottom of the plastic cups, the DJ plays good tunes, and the crowd there is randomly diverse, to say the least.  If they had a dedicated dance floor, it could be perfect.  Most people just dance in front of the DJ on the first floor.  The Guys working the door never seem happy to be there, but the overall vibe is good. I wouldn't spend all night there, but it's definitely a fun place to start out.
3	On a Saturday night this place was packed!! I agree with Nydia A. on the decor, kind of dive-y, but sometimes it's nice to just go out casual and not have to pay to get in. The roof top bar was a fun place to hang out. Good crowd and now that the temp is perfect everyone wants to be outside! It is a pretty big place, I couldn't believe I hadn't been here before!
3	Decent inexpensive seafood and a must-see beer filling technology that fills your glass from the bottom up make this worth the visit. Barney's is a large three floor establishment that has a bar and patio on each level. It tends to attract a younger party crowd at night.
4	Rooftop.  Friendly service!$2 jello shots out of a syringe.  Best thing ever!But it was pretty dead given it was a Friday night.
4	Fried.Alligator.Tail.That's really all I have to say for now. Full disclosure - I have not been to Barney's yet. I was part of an event where they were serving up their gator - and it was GOOD.Go back for seconds and thirds good!So good - that I am posting a 4 star review based on tasting one appetizer at what was ostensibly a catered event. Sure - an visit to the actual restaurant/bar may require an update up or down - but for today, I am craving some tail!So - an open call to my friends - let's hit up a Saturday or Sunday long and lazy lunch at the Boathouse!  You in?
2	Server was nice, place is pretty raggedy. Male workers are perverts, food is horrible. Bland fish & steak. Over salted vegetables & watered down tap soda. Excellent clam chowder! But...would not return.
4	I've only been here once but I had a great time, I was a little skeptical at first because I didn't hear much about it. This place has a lot to offer though, with food, games, DJ's, bars, etc. I spent a good amount of my time trying to catch a lobster upstairs in the lobster game, and my gf was lucky enough to win a gift card on the giant wheel.
4	A couple of friends, my husband and myself went here last Saturday night.  We arrived close to 10pm and in Old Town, that is still early for some people, so there weren't that many people there yet.  But that was the best time to get a drink.  Later on, we were fighting to get a bartender's attention.  However, with yelp, you do get 50% off your first drink.  The DJ played awesome music (old-school and now).I would recommend this place.  It's 3 levels.  First level is pretty crowded once people start coming in and there's not really a dance floor, you just kind of start dancing there in the middle.  There is one go-go dancer on a small platform with a pole.  Don't get too excited, she's not that pretty nor does she seem interested in being there.  However, when she takes her breaks, almost immediately, the platform is now covered with 3-5 girls, who just want to dance.  It's good entertainment.  There happened to be a Bachelorrette Party there when we went and my husband was asked to do a magic trick...make his shirt disappear.  That was fun.  On the second level, there is beer pong and two more bars and you can look over the rail to the crowd below.The third level is a patio with a bar.  I wouldn't recommend spending too much time up there unless you're a smoker.There are, however, several patios or balcony's throughout all of Barney's.  They also have a food vendor cooking up pizza and hot dogs on the first level patio.  They weren't bad.Overall, Barney's Boathouse is an all-around good time.
4	Barney's has been with me throughout my life in AZ. I went here when it was in Tempe and I went to ASU. Now, I live in Scottsdale and it's down the street! I must say I still love it here. They still have the 50 cent drafts on Thursdays like the old one and now they have 3 levels! I'm not sure they still have the wheel I lvoed so much in college but they should! I love going here with my man when we feel like going out drinking but don't want to get dressed up. We usually hit the third level, rooftop-esque bar and enjoy the view or some sports on the TVs. We then find ourselves playing gigantic jenga on the second floor then get a little dancing in on the first floor. We love getting dressed up and hitting the clubs, but this is an equally fun alternative. The bartenders are awesome and are generous with the alcohol so we never spend a buttload of money here.
4	I came here tonight with a living social deal. Most places automatically treat you horrible when you come in with one of those. Our waitress Vanessa was amazing from the beginning. Super friendly and sociable, she made us feel welcome. She gave us good advice on the food, and was very prompt. I even spoke with the manager which I can honestly say I cannot remember the last time I felt the need to go out of my way to give someone a compliment.About the food- I am always skeptical ordering seafood when I am not near water. We decided to give it a try. We had the craw fish for an appetizer- amazing. I had their Mahi Mahi Dish- it was great too. It was cooked exactly how it should be (steak like- but fish)! I just wish their veggie side wasn't doused in butter and steamed instead :( We had their skillet cookie for dessert, let me tell you it is for at minimum 4 people but I think 6 could split it. I am not proud but somehow we managed to eat the whole thing.....Anyway, I was very impressed and needed to leave a good review.
4	I came here around 7pm with a friend last week and we sat up on the top patio area. It's three stories so this place is huge, but each bar has somewhat of a confined area so it might get a little cramped if you come here with a big group. We had three beers each and our tab was only about $15 - gotta love that. Be sure to check-in to get 1/2 off your first drink!They played a good mix of music on the patio. We were there for a an hour or so and heard everything from country to dance to hip-hop. Great place to kick back and have a few drinks! I've never been here late at night so I'm not sure how loud or packed it gets, but I'll definitely be back again.
4	Last year on break we checked out the Barney's in Tempe.. it was basically all outdoor so it was too hot at night to be comfortable. This location in Scottsdale fixes that problem and you have three levels to party on..  As a gropu, we can be kinda rowdy but we were treated well and met a lot of new poeple on Saturday night. The biggest plus for this location is the food was way better then it was in Tempe. The fish is actually good here! Cheap drink,s cute girls, good night overall! We'll be back.
1	Tried the Gator and it was a huge disappointment. Couldn't make out if I was just simply eating batter...rubbery batter at best. Couldn't stomach it.The sloppy Joe smothered fries just came out looking unappetizing from the start so my party barely picked at it.  My daring Tuna Melt order just taught me never to trust a description from this venue's menu. A few bites into the sandwich (runny pungent tuna salad, crusty unmelted Swiss, unripe slice of tomato, on some type of white toasted bread; whilst the menu described some fresh tuna salad,tomatoes,lettuce, on croissant) I was already feeling some serious nausea. I had to voice my opinion to our lovely server who looked at my plate and just repeated my concerns back at me and then simply walked off. Not even a 'thank you for letting me know'. Loved it too that the owner didn't realize how the sandwich is made out on the menu when brought to his attention.This is not a place for casual dining bottom line. Just play it safe and stick to the beer!!!
2	Barney's boathouse is a little difficult to review.  The atmosphere is unique, and if you're looking for a unique experience in a bar then i would recommend Barney's Boathouse.. However, if its dining that you're looking for, I would steer clear of this establishment unless you're feeling very adventurous.  The wait staff is, well, what you would expect to find at a bar. There were quite a few problems with our food and the waitress seemed less than enthusiastic about fixing them.. When i asked to speak with the manager I was informed that the owner was on site.. He seemed very nice but was unaware that menu descriptions listed something completely different than what they were serving.  After i showed him what the menu listed he apologized and said that he would try to make sure that his kitchen staff knew what they were supposed to be making.  In all fairness he did offer to try to make it right and his apology seemed genuinely sincere.. I declined as I had had enough adventure for 1 day.  Again if drinking is what you're looking for I would recommend barney's boathouse... However if you're looking for a place to eat, I would definitely cast my net somewhere else.
3	We wound up here around midnight on a Saturday night.  The place was hopping, and rightfully so.  It's a cool atmosphere that doesn't require that you get dressed up in "clubby" clothes.  The beer selection is one of the best you'll see at an Old Town dancing place as they have their own brews.  One of the coolest parts about the place is how the beer taps work:  Barney's has their own cups that allows the beer to be filled from the bottom of the cup.  It always entertains me to watch it.  If you want to stand in loud music and dance, you can do that, or you can go all the way to the top and hang out on the rooftop bar to talk with your friends.  Even in June the rooftop bar was pretty comfortable to stand outside in.It's getting only three stars though as the music was too loud for me.  Yes, I'm becoming one of "those" people that complains about that.  Ugh.
2	Now, I have only been here on a weekend night, so I don't know how it is during the day.  Before I was totally feeling the atmosphere and the music.  We went this past Saturday night and the bar service was horrible.  We literally stood at the bar for 15 minutes trying to close out our tab.  Unbelievable.  Needless to say, we didn't leave a tip.  My advice if you want to go here, do not open a tab and maybe you'll have faster service upstairs at one of those bars.
3	Im sorry, but this place seems like a lawsuit waiting to happen. I was just waiting for a drunk kid to tumble down one of the many flights of steep stairs.Otherwise, this place wasnt as bad as I expected. The design was interesting, w/ many rooms/bars to please a bunch of different people. I throughly enjoyed the fact that we could go to an equally stocked bar on the top floor to get away from the loud DJ on the bottom floor. The little balconies w/ chairs were cool too. This seems very much like a day drinking place.
1	Barneys has a unique set up. I guess for the older folk of Scottsdale this used to be the old dos gringos but I can tell you it was a good call by moving to their new location! Barneys is 3 floors of confusion honestly. The service sucks, the food is terrible and the atmosphere is  weird. Barneys Boathouse is gonna sink faster than the Titanic.
3	Good beer selection, friendly and helpful staff, but the food is mediocre at best. I had a boring salad on one visit, and a sandwich I can't even remember (except that it was somewhat tolerable) on my 2nd visit. If you use a yelp deal (as I did), they will give you a credit slip to return if you don't use it all in one visit, and it's good for drinks, to boot. I thought that was a very cool option on their part.  This place is enormous, so I imagine when ASU is in regular session, and when it's not summer, it must get packed. But if you're looking for a place to cool off and get a drink in a relaxed atmosphere in Old Town area, this place is a fine pitstop.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  It is a fun looking place.  We were there when it was slow.  The downstairs bartender was friendly.  We went upstairs when our friends arrived.  The service was slow, food was boring.  We had a variety of dishes.  This place has potential but they need to bring up the food flavor and service.
3	Great service! I was educated about their menu like I was in a 4  star restaurant. This looks like a bar / Night club and would not have planned on ordering dinner. After our bartender completed explaining the menu I ordered the Salmon and it was delicious. Kind of a sleeper, check it out.
1	Used Dealfind  coupon, place is only a year old, but has not done any upkeep. Waited a half hour for our food. when it arrived it was inedible.  mystery fish, cold fries, strange meatballs.  Poor food, we didnt eat it. Restrooms needed work/attention.Good tea and Arnold Palmers.Go somewhere else.Would not reccomend.  Mgr. did refund the $20 we spent for dealfind.
1	Service was horrible, and the food wasnt that great either
5	NO, the food is not 5 star. NO! The decor is not 5 star (although the stripper pole mounted on the sailboat next to the life-sized Captain Morgan is really something to come for...This is a place to go when you have ten bucks to your name and want to get tanked. For that purpose, I hereby rate it 5 stars!!!Wings-BREADED!! Big no-no. Fish tacos, Mahi sandwich- not eaten by myself but my co-pilot stated it was "edible", and remember, once you're tanked, IT DOESN'T MATTER.Cuz my 5 stars is based solely on the fact that I got 50 cent beers. Yes 2/$1 Rolling Rocks and I didn't even spend my whole $10. Service was fine, place is really a chaotic mess of decor, like a garage sale on an island. But there are 50 cent beers.  Go here with your buds, get a buzz on, then go out to those trendy places to eat. It is what it is.
4	we went here on a spring night and we were all about the roof top and the $2 syringe jello shots pretty good and cool! Not super busy but it could have been the wrong night..
3	If you're looking for fancy, this isn't it.  If you're looking to have cheap drinks with friends, then Barney's is it.  I've been here once on a Saturday night, but most of my visits were Sundays after softball games.  Service is okay, one time my order was messed up, but the bartender was apologetic and quick to rectify it and even gave us a free shot for the trouble. As for the food, I've tried several things and always found it to be just okay.  If you're looking for something good to eat look elsewhere, but if you want to drink on a budget or enjoy a Sundayfunday with friends go here.
4	Barney's Boathouse was just a blur to me. After taking advantage of amazing deals on their beers (Even the cute, 10 oz. 50 cent beers), I marched my way up the stairs......and then some more stairs...And on the third floor is a really chill patio. I freaking love upstairs patios, and this one delivers. Huge, intense heat lamps mean you should have no worries about the weather. I totally can't remember my bartender's name, but she was cool, and the $2 jello shots in syringes were the best decision I made that night. What a nice Thursday night getaway! Also appears to be a prime spot for day drinking, too.
3	it gets really hot inside and smelly in the summer but they do have cheap specials and jinga and beer pong. they also have a neat set up and i like the boat theme. i like the bartenders. i don't like that they have that horrible lobster tank claw machine where u play to pick up a lobster-just mean.
2	Poor service, medicore food, won't be back.
1	This place is terrible. Spent $20 dollars for two bowls of gross soup. Don't go,
4	I love this place. I have probably been here 30+ times and have a good time just about every visit. I really like their layout with three different stories and a rooftop bar overlooking Scottsdale. All of their bartenders and servers are super friendly, and the atmosphere is always fun. Prices a good, and they have a lot of cool promotions throughout the week. The one thing I wish they would improve is their food. It's not too great. Other than that, it's a great place to have some drinks and fun with some friends.
5	HA HA, what a hoot!! I went to the one in tempe which was a dump and this was is much nicer!  That one was a 2+ this one is a 4+. They have an awesome 3rd floor bar/patio and even 2nd floor view is awesome. I wish they were closer since I'd go here like I do DOS. The 50 cent beers are Pabst... puke!! The service was decent, I sat at the bar so they kept up with me. The place was clean, didn't have any funky smells like the tempe location did.  We had some munchies which were decent, fried calamari and crawfish. Didn't get sick and were pretty tasty. Still would place them at bar food level so don't come here just for those.  The beer prices were on par with other bars. The stripper pole was entertaining just like the stairs! I don't know which one was better, the 40 some year olds who were playing with the pole and Capt'n or the drunk people trying to figure out how to walk up the stairs. The majority of the crowd was downstairs least to say.  I don't believe they have an elevator but man, I'll take the three flights drunk for the views that place has.
4	Until yesterday I was completely unaware of the fact that all day every day there are two guys working a taco stand on the outside patio.   You can walk right up to it, order from the sidewalk and they cook your street tacos right there.  They have fresh toppings for you and they are completely affordable and completely delicious!  If you are ever in Old Town or around the area and want a quick and tasty bite to eat, I HIGHLY recommend stopping by and grabbing a few!
2	Living Social brought us to this place.  It's located in Old Town, near all of the nightlife.  However, it's kind of tucked away on a side street one block away from most of the action.  I've driven past this place at least a dozen times and didn't notice it.We went during the middle of the week, when it's not full of youngsters and partiers.  When we walked in, I noticed it smelled like a college bar.....musty, greasy, alcohol-ly....Is that a word?  Those of you who've been in these kind of bars know what I'm talking about.We tried several menu items here, Burgers, Onion Rings, Mozzarella Sticks, etc.  All of them were mediocre at best.  Perhaps I would have a different opinion and taste if it didn't smell so bad in there.Another thing that annoyed me is the prize wheel they have in the lower bar area.  It's a giant wheel, like you see at a casino, except that it has nails and a metal strip to stop it....when we were here some college kids were spinning this thing (for no reason) and it made a god-awful sound clanging like a cowbell, but 100x worse.  Of course, none of the staff cared to stop them.....this went on for 10-15 minutes.The 2nd time we dropped by, the air conditioner wasn't working and it was muggy in the restaurant....plus, the elevator to the 2nd floor broke down with several college kids stuck inside, so the fire department had to come rescue them.....big drama in numbnutzville.Overall, it was a terrible experience.  There are lots of better options out there.Return Factor - 2%
2	I've never been to this place when its poppin. Its 3 story and the top is outside so thats cool, but still nothing special. The one thing I can say is they have these drink pouring things.. but theres no pouring that happens... they pop it down on these...nozzles? I guess and fills the cup... but its really cool
4	We really like Barney's and usually start off the evening there, to grab some food and a starter drink.The food is reasonably priced and pretty good for being a "divey" sort of bar. They have alligator! The only caveat I would mention is that the wings are breaded, which I wasn't expecting.The bartenders are hit-or-miss. It can be tough to get service on the upstairs patio (which is a great view of Old Town!). The women up there are, 9 times out of 10, rude and tend to ignore me a lot. One of them, however, was freaking awesome and made us a drink called a Swedish Fish - it's "gummy" flavored vodka with a bunch of other stuff, and it tastes EXACTLY like a Swedish Fish! On the drink note, they have a lot of awesome house drinks that are cleverly named and usually colorful. The S.H.I.T. (Scottsdale Homemade Iced Tea) is a great version of a Long Island. We always get some kind of surprise here: after the Swedish Fish, another time we were presented with tickets for "alligator shots" and yet another time, we got "Jello shots" that were in syringes. The 3 levels are a lot of fun; there's a lobster claw game, a giant Jenga game, and beer pong on the second level. The first floor has a giant "shot wheel" but alas it has never worked in the 9 months we've been going to Barney's. Shame, as it looks like fun.The blank spot on the wall near the stairwell also may or may not be from my friend stealing a sign....I'd apologize, but I think it's far too late for that.
4	We had a Living Social deal that introduced us to Barney's.  What a fun place!  The Hawaiian BBQ chicken quesadilla was amazing, we would definitely go back for another!  Hubby had fish tacos that were pretty bland.  I had a chicken salad that was "eh."  The chicken itself was really good (blackened) but the lettuce/tomatoes were a little mushy.  I thought draft beer was a little pricy ($4.50) but the server/bartender was awesome!  She provided excellent service and was very attentive.  We'll def. be back for appetizers, and the fun patio atmosphere!
1	First of all, I can't even give this place 1 star. Is there such a thing as a negative star? We were there around 5:30 pm on a weekday night (Tuesday) to have dinner. We stood at the front of the podium for about 5 minutes before anyone decided to show up and ask us what we wanted. I told him that we wanted dinner and he said to sit anywhere since there was only 4 other people in the entire 1st floor. After being seated, the waitress finally came over and brought menus and asked if we wanted anything to drink. We ordered a GIN martini on the rocks with olives and a draft beer. Atleast 10 minutes later the waitress came back without the drinks and told us they didn't have any olives. We said its OK and she left. About 5 minutes later she brought back a red drink in a glass with a draft beer in a plastic cup.  I asked what was the red drink ? She said they also didn't have any vermouth for the martini and she would ask the bartender what kind of drink it was. She came back and told us that it was SloeGin with Tanqueray Gin. I told her that was unacceptable and just bring Gin on the rocks. Unbelievable, and this is suppose to be a bar. The next surprise was the food we ordered. I ordered Fish Tacos with 1/2 onion rings and french fries. She ordered Fish and Chips with french fries/onion rings with a salad. The food was inedible. Eveything was deep fried in a batter that was disgusting. I could go on and on about how bad the food was, but I'm done talking about it. The last surprise was the final bill. They actually charged $11.25 for GIN on ice. And my draft beer in a plastic cup they charged $4.00. What a ripoff. I will never go back to this DIVE and I certainly will tell everyone I know about this place.  If you go, you are on your own. I'm surprised that I didn't get sick with the little food that I ate.
1	I wonder how places like this stay in business.. The food, The service and the experiance was horriable...1st off Music way to loud to have a conversation , It's dirty and in need of serious power washing and clean up of the beer bottles and debris from the rooftops.. bottom line FILTHY. The kitchen has no idea what they are doing.. 5 out of 5 meals were wrong and or missing items that the menu said they included...none of it came out in a timely manner. Female bartender had beer opener stuck in her pants next to her skin and then opened beer bottles where you put your lips.. she then stood on bar to take pictures of folks and did not wipe down. The rooftop bar was understaffed.. we asked to see the Manager and He/She never came came around... They did discount the tickets but that is not the point... The rooftop bartender should not need to take the blame of the kitchen..He just needs to keep the drink orders and bills straight... Never EVER going back, and DO NOT recommend.. do not waste your time or money.I hate to say it but I think my next email is to the Health Department.
1	This place is horrible!!  The food tasted like it was frozen not fresh and cooked in a microwave...overcooked, flavorless, and high priced!  Our waitress was awful too.  We had a deal for a bucket of beer, two entrees and a dessert for one price.  We ended up leaving before she brought us our dessert because it was taking so long.  Also there was water dripping on people in our party and the place was dirty!!!  Very disappointed!!  Will NEVER go back or recommend!!!!!!
2	The bartenders were to busy playing with there friends. I didn't feel welcomed.
1	UPDATED: HAHAHA BARNEY'S BOATHOUSE, YOU CLOSED JUST AS I KNEW YOU WOULD. SUCK IT!God Damnit Barney's Boathouse.  I was honestly holding out for you to get better. I want to like you. Your bar is unique, large, and typically not filled with douchebag idiots. I've been there 20-30 times in the short time I've lived in the area. But now I'm fucking pissed.Part I: I walk into Barney's and check out their Yelp page just for shits and gigs and notice that they are listed as "Closed", because some genius at this place made the mistake of putting "2PM" instead of "2AM" as their closing time. I make sure to let them know that everyone searching them up right now could mistakenly believe them to be closed, which could cause a potential loss of business....and it could have been like that for years.  At this point I'm obviously a user of social media. I then checked in via foursquare.  MEGA JACKPOT They HAD a foursquare checkin deal whereby you get to spin their shot wheel for free.  I show it to the girl working behind the bar, and she obliges. So I go ahead and take a spin.  First problem is, this wheel was built in Barneys tool shed while he was blackout drunk. The wheel from the 30 year old "Game of Life" my parents still have in their basement (and I obviously play from time to time) spins better than this fucker.I land on "$10 gift card". DOUBLE MEGA JACKPOT. I go to claim my prize and no one says anything or acknowledges me.  I guess the decision was "lets hope this kid is pisspants drunk, forgets and leaves. WRONG it's 4pm, I'm not even halfway there yet. I ask the girl about the gift card, and she responds: "Oh well the wheel is broken and always lands on that, so you have to spin again"......umm no fuck this.  What if I had paid to spin the wheel? Would I have still gotten that excuse? And, if memory serves right this was not her decision, I believe she went and asked Barney himself or whoever the F was managing this dump, and he made the ruling.  Rule number 1: Don't fuck with people who clearly use social media, are you dumb, what do you think will happen. I'm the same guy who just fuckin fixed your hours on the most popular bar search website you idiots. Rule Number 2: Don't put a deal on social media if you're not going to live up to the consequences. Rule 3: If you have a half ass wheel, fucking fix it or don't let people pay you money to spin it.BUT, I let it slide.  Okay, fine you gave me a free spin, I got nothing, my friend actually did win a free shot (...so it doesn't "always" land on $10 gift card after all). I was in a good mood, I thought it was bullshit, but I let it slide. No Yelp review, no temper tantrum, I forgave but did not forget.  I also don't believe in giving people horseshit reviews based on a single situation or circumstance that may be just plain bad luck.PART II: Another night a few weeks later, and again I choose to go to Barney's.  They have a decent deck on the 3rd story that gives you a nice view of the area, and it's a great place to start a night of drinking typically.  I'm a mathematically inclined logic based human, and typically stick to rules and logical assessments of things, which holds true when it comes to tipping: Given an average drink, and your average bar, with average service, and average wait time (this definition covers 98% of my experiences at bars) I will tip $1 per drink.  If I'm getting a STEAL on drinks, or free drinks I start making it rain. If I'm the only person in the place getting full attention, same story. I believe I had 3-4 drinks, my bill was $16.  I leave $20.  Go on with my night.Check the old credit card statement today, Barney's Boathouse: $28.  Now, I've been charged incorrectly in the past, but usually it's a direct charge on my bill that I can refute right then and there.  This, on the other hand, means someone actually took my receipt and changed it to a $12.00 tip.  FUCK NO SON.I'm done with you Barney's Boathouse.  You're hurting for money. You need better marketing.  You need people working who aren't stealing from their only loyal customers.  You have a prime location, and you're fucking blowing this.Peace out Boathouse.  I'll see you when your financial struggles force you to change ownership.
1	Ate there with another couple. We had a restaurant gift certificate to use.  Service was not good, They were out of 20 items from the menu, even after we ordered they came back 20 minutes later to tell us one of  the entrees we ordered was unavailable.  Ugh!  Food came whenever it was ready, not spaced out.  Took forever to get menu and drinks.  Misrepresented beer special to us, then would not adjust bill.  Eventually manager interceded to correct the problem.  It took two hours til we were ready to leave.  And...oh, did I mention that they had no air conditioning?  Just one industrial fan in the corner.  This is Phoenix in July, afterall!  Do not bother to go there.
1	The place is a little dated and dirty. Food and service were not good. The best thing about this place is that good street tacos are served by 2 guys just next to or perhaps on premises. These tacos are much better then the food you get at Barney's so if they let you I would take a (paper) plate full of tacos to the Barney's top floor patio and drink in some of the fun cocktails and views.
1	Went on a Groupon.  Let's just say, this place was a MISERABLE experience from start to finish!  Went at an "off hour" yes, but no excuses, not good.  Service was slow, waitress did not know the menu, was somewhat condescending and rude, food was lousy (clams in the chowder were hard, salad had a plastic piece of wrapper in it, hamburger was a frozen, preformed patty) and the entire restaurant was dirty including the black, mold in toilet. When we asked the waitress for our bill she said "Will you be using your coupon."  When I asked her how she knew we were using a Groupon since we didn't tell her this, she replied with saying that 9 out of 10 people use them.  I can understand that this place would not attract repeat business so only new customers were going and using a coupon to entice them.  Would never go back for fear of my health and would never recommend this place!  There are way to many wonderful restaurant/bars in Phoenix to waste your time or money here. My husband and I joked, we thought we were on candid camera and this place was featured on the TLC show "Bar Rehab."
1	I'm not mad at this place. I'm disappointed.Upon walking into this nearly dead bar at the peak hour of service on a Friday night, I noticed they had a few solid beers on tap. I proceeded to order a Goose Island 312. The conversation with the bartender went as follows:- "I'll have a 312, please"-- "Miller Lite?"- "No, a 312"-- "What's that?"- "Goose Island 312"-- "???"- "THAT TAP HANDLE WITH THE BIG GOOSE HEAD ON IT"-- "Oh..."The gentleman with the haircut fit for a Jersey Shore cast member poured the beer, I gave him my $4.50, and went on to a table. The first floor was dead, so we walked to the second. Even more dead, we moved on to the third...also dead. I then began drinking my beer. Flat and skunked. For the first time in my life I had to return a draft beer. I walked back down through the empty levels of the bar and asked for a refund.The bartender rolled his eyes and went to the back to get his manager to approve the refund. He came back out saying the manager will be out in a second. A few minutes went buy...no manager. These minutes were filled with the bartender texting and not catering to the other few patrons that were there. He again went to the back to fetch the manager, still nothing. He finally opened up the register, took back out my $4.50, and reluctantly placed it on the bar top and delivered an attitude-filled "have a good night". The only good thing this bar provided was that it's 3rd floor provided a view of a row of cool bars in the distance I didn't know existed. My friend and I made the wise choice of leaving Barney's and giving other establishments our business.In a nutshell: avoid.
4	Cheap place to get smashed.  If they are offering a Yelp deal, take it, it will make your night more affordable.
