3	Pretty good selection of items.  I have seen better.  The pharmacy people are really nice and helpful.  I would probably be back here to visit the pharmacy.
3	My primary reason for visiting this Walgreens is for the pharmacy. It's close to home and convenient. The pharmacy staff here isn't as helpful or efficient as other locations but there's usually not a long wait which is nice. I prefer the Walgreens on Flamingo and Buffalo, their pharmacy staff is better and they are open 24 hours.The rest of the store is adequate.  Clean store with pleasant staff.
4	It's a Walgreens, and it's much like every other Walgreens out there.  Except that the customer service here is always above standard, which I sincerely appreciate.
3	This is my go-to store when i need a bag of chips, a bar of soap, etc.  - it's the closest store to the casa.I'm a little disappointed Walgreen opted to join the masses and have a "frequent buyer" program requiring a card - i've got enough with the various grocery stores ! The beer selection stinks but it's rare that i buyer a 6-er anyways so not a big issue.  I like that they have decent sales on sundry items Also have to ding them a star for not being open 24 hours.Overall, a decent walgreens.
1	This walgreens is the worst!!! I got stuck here because my insurance no longer deals with CVS. Allow me to describe the hell I went through here. First on the saturday before I left for vacation I woke up with signs of pink eye I called my eye doc who faxed over a script it was around 9 am. I waited a bit and called walgreens to see if they received it and when it would be ready. Well I got the nastiest person on the phone she was upset I called to ask about my script because as she said " she just got there and is way to busy to look" I explained that I needed the meds because I was leaving for vacation the next day and I just wanted to be sure she got the fax. She sighed and said yeah fine hold on I will look. She comes back and tells me she got it but they dont have the meds in stock. So I asked her is any other walgreens had it. She told me she didnt know and I should call around and find out. Guess she was to busy to check.... after calling ten different places no one had the meds I finally called my eye doc who called her back with a different script.  It was like pulling teeth to get her to do anything. But wait there is more.....The last straw was my hubby called on a thursday to get his script transferred to walgreens from CVS again due to our insurance we had no choice he was told it would be ready at noon the next day and for transferring he would get a 25 dollar gift card. I went the next day at 5:57pm to get my script and his. I was told by Daniel it was not ready. When I asked why he said he didnt know but it would be ready in and hour so I drove home and back again an hour later this time I got mrs nasty in the drive through she told me well sorry but I just got the transfer from CVS and It is not ready it took me all day to get it . I was pissed I told her why in the hell would Daniel say it would be ready if you didnt have it to begin with? This is not fair for me to have to drive back and fourth for a script your not filling? She said it was not her problem... and if I wanted it I would have to wait another fifteen minutes. ... I finally had enough and asked for a manger I was told there wasnt one in ... how convenient. I parked and went inside finally they had my script ready but then wouldnt give me my gift card. I had to argue with them to get it. I have called their corp office and hope something gets done because no one should have to put up with that. On a seperate note I was not the only one as there were several people in line when I went in to the store and mrs. Nasty told all of them their scripts were not ready and they would have to come back and they too complained that they were promised it would be ready by a certain time and were aggravated when they left. So I am not sure what they do there but they are not filling perscriptions. Do yourself a favor go to cvs they are much better and when they say your stuff will be ready it is. They are very friendly and helpfull so just cross the street if you want better service
1	This pharmacy and its Pima educated clerks need an overhaul. Countless times they have completely botched my monthly refill, playing God in a way at this location seems to be the theme. I've had to get a full refund from the manager for $266 after calling my ins to prove it was covered after arguing that I've been taking it for two years & its covered! Avoid this location, seems they need to work out more than kinks. It's criminal the power these low level clerks have over people's pain & suffering. I'm not alone when I say a complete cleaning of the house is needed. Disgraceful really, wheres the district manager?
1	3 times I needed prescription filled at this location and all 3 times I had trouble getting my prescription filled!! Pharmacist and the pharmacy tech are incompetent.  They will talk to u like ur an idiot when it's the other way around.  So happy I left this pharmacy and went across the street.  CVS ' S employees are more knowledgeable and helpful than employees from walgreens.
1	The older over weight Asian lady with the glasses that always works the counter needs to be fired she never makes dropping off or picking up your prescriptions smooth or easy. She is extremely slow and has a terrible attitude like she hates her job. When I see her at the window I just want to walk away.
1	Had major surgery and been without most of my prescriptions for 4 days including my blood clot medication and my Pain pills. Terrible service. Picking up my prescriptions today and going to CVS.
1	If I could give this Walgreens negative stars I would! This place has dropped the ball on me every single time I have used their pharmacy. Today was the straw that broke the camels back! I went in around 430pm and dropped off three prescriptions and used one of my refills on another prescription, so in total 4 prescriptions. They told me that everything would be ready around 6pm so I go home to wait. Around 545pm I called walgreens to check on my status and see if they were almost ready so I could head down that way. When I called I was told they had an issue with my insurance and needed me to bring my card in. So I head down there and go to the counter and asked the lady what the problem was. She told me there was no longer a problem but it would still be another  10 minutes until everything was ready. Finally at 620 I get a page to go pick everything up. When I get up there the lady that was helping me stopped in the middle of helping me to help the drive thru and it was a long time so now I'm getting frustrated and feel completely ignored. Finally someone comes up and asks me if I'm being helped. I told them I was but she stopped helping me, he then starts to help me. He grabs my prescriptions and tells me they are all ready and starts to check me out when I notice there are only 2 prescriptions when there should be 4. He told me that there were only two and they didn't have the other two in the computer. He grabs the pharmacist who tells me that I don't have any refills on the two I was wasn't receiving. I told her I knew that and that's why I brought in a new prescription from the doctor. She then has the audacity to tell me that maybe I dropped them or forgot to bring them in. Are you kidding me?! Now it's my fault somehow! She then goes in the back and looks for them and doesn't even have the courtesy to face me herself and sends someone else to tell me that she had filed it wrong and they were working on it now but it would be another 5 minutes. I am now super impatient and still wait 10 minutes to check on it yet again and they finally have everything ready. It is now 7pm that I am finally leaving there. Needless to say, this will be the last time I ever give them my business!
4	I came here for passport photos. The service was good, quick and efficient. To photos were $11, which is expensive in my opinion. I asked for separate transactions with the other things I was purchasing, and it was no problem. On the second transaction I even paid with apples iPay. Good experience but I will look around for a cheaper price.
4	I hate this pharmacy (reason for losing a star). There is always some excuse why things aren't ready.  I prefer to use the 24 hour location on Tropicana & Rainbow.  But we come here from time to time.  Everybody else that works here seems nice to us.
1	HORRIBLE! My prescriptions are never the same price (including a couple that I pay cash for) They CONSTANTLY drop the ball, do not fill scripts as written and even charged the wrong insurance one time and gave me the correct drug but with the wrong name and address on the bottle!! Now today I was LIED TO regarding a prescription coupon card!! They do not care about the patient, will not spend 1 second of their time helping anyone! And do not care to even check information correctly.. Terrible terrible pharmacy!! And I didn't even mention trying to deal with them on a professional level being that I work at a doctors office and have patients who go here as well..
