5	Ive gone to a couple different nail places in vegas and every one of them seemed to tell me what i wanted instead of letting me tell them what i wanted. I love this place, they are always so nice, they take walk-ins and they always do my nails the way i ask. They have really good pedicures, the massage part could have been a little longer but thats cool. I like that they are very clean and sanitary, great with painted designs and fair priced. its cool that they dont have a lot of catty talk going on in a language i dont understand, very uncommon in a nail place.
4	I have got my toes and acrylic nails done here before.  They have a nice mix of men and woman that work here.  They have a lot of different glitter powders and nail art to choose from. I always like a lot of bling and rhinestones... So they were very accommodating. I got a hot pink back fill and zebra strips.. $45 not bad.  I like how smooth the guy got my nails with the drill, o yea they have a good quality gel too! Their granite nail stations, nice butt massaging pedicure chairs, and pink walls  was perfect for me to enjoy ;) I know people always talk smack about the Asian chop shops...but if get passed all that and give them a chance u might be really happy.  AND at this place I've never had to wait....
5	This is THE best place in Vegas to get your nails done!!! MT is the best tech ever! I try to make appointments, but walking is is just fine too!
4	i'm all for waxing eyebrows(instead of threading) and since this is close to my house then i all for this place. Plus she M.J or M.T  not sure about name(didn't burn my eyebrows or face-unlike some other high in spa I went to)I will be back. O'Yeah they were clean inside.
5	MT is AMAZING! I have been going to her for over a year and had to move away from vegas. I stopped getting my nails done! I just recently moved back and my nails have never looked better.
5	My first time at Pink Nails, and I LOVE them!!! Such amazing work and beautiful designs! I'm very happy with the service! :) I highly recommend this nail salon.
5	I recently stumbled upon this nail salon, as my regular place was too full that day. I loved it! Anna gave me a great pedicure. She was meticulous with her work and a very charming girl. She also gave me a killer leg and foot massage. I will definitely be back! $25 is a bargain!
5	I came here to remove my full set and get a french mani/pedi.The lady that took care of me, Kim, was very nice. She took really good care of my feet. Cleaned them up and got rid of all the dead skin and such. Also gave me a really good leg & foot massage.I was very pleased with the results. It cost me $53, a little pricey. 10 minutes after leaving, I made a huge dent in the polish. I went back and she happily fixed it. I would recommend this place & I will return.
5	My favorite nail spa in las vegas!! Pink nail spa has the vest nail techs out there with the best ideas for cute nails! if you are looking to get a good gel set or anything that involves nails ladies and gents pink nail spa is the place to go! -Markie Charlebois
5	Funny thing was I was attracted to this nail salon because my favorite color is pink (^: aha. The service was great, my nail tech Kim was very friendly. Going back soon (-:
5	Ok so here is the deal... I lived in Vegas for about 9 years now... I've never said I liked my nails at a nail salon unless my aunt did it... Specially if a guy did it... Straight up.. I was kinda scared that a guy was going to do my nails. Because I usually end up with a cut on every nail, or uneven nails. But JIMMY over here just did wonders. He was better then most of any nail tech I've met. He will definitely see me in two weeks !!!
5	After moving here from out of state it was nerve racking to find a nail place after 4 years w/same person..Yelp didn't fail me! After reading the reviews I tried Pink & this is my new place! Excellent service! I'm a bit of a nail design freak & Summer is awesome! Not disappointed in the slightest!
5	A friend of mine had referred me to this salon - saying that she has gone there for years. The first time I went I walked in and was greeted by all the employees. I was paired up with Jimmy who did my full set - who likes to engage in conversation (so keep it going). Ever since then, I've been coming to Pink Nail Spa every 2 weeks to see Jimmy. I've grown to know and love all the employees here, as well as their hard work. Their prices aren't crazy - usually starting at $25 for manicure, $35 for gel manicure, $35 for full acrylic, $45 for full acrylic gel, and $5 for the extra designs & accessories. If you have a picture of a design that you like, bring it it - they're more than likely to imitate that photo exactly, which I love because that's usually what I do when I want something a little too complicated to explain. I highly recommend setting up an appointment only because there are days where they are completely dead and other days where they are completely bombed. Even if you plan on walking in, I'd call in about 30-45 minutes before you go & just set up an appointment. If you don't want to be disappointed, Pink Nail Spa is the place for you :)
4	I loved coming to Pink Nails to get my mani and pedis. They always do a super job with my pickiness of how I like my tips done, short, thin, not flared. I can't remember the one ladies name, I think she might be the owner and/or manager but she is awesome! Super fast! The only down fall...it's a little far from home and no where near any of my errands. :( There are other Pink Nails in town I don't know if their affiliated but I've heard the one up on Farm and Durango does good work but they're more expensive.
5	Love our neighbors. Everyone is amazing & their work speaks for itself. Make sure to check everyone in The Apache Plaza out, including us. See you all soon .
4	Great color options. Walk-ins are welcome and staff is always friendly. Clean tools all the time.
1	First time going to this nail salon. I went in for a polish change a regular pedicure. My nails were not painted evenly, my toe nails paint polish were messed up by the next day. I let them completely dry overnight and wore of course closed toe shoes. I went back the following day and they repaint but didn't completely paint my baby toe nail. Sad to say I won't be going go. A simple basic nail polish job was not done correctly. Back on the hunt for a new nail salon
3	I called ahead and made an appointment as I was going to be doing services on my lunch break.  I arrived on-time, but they did not have anyone available.  It took 20 minutes until someone started my pedi.  Crystal was nice and apologized for the wait.I wanted a peach polish, but they really didn't have anything so I had to settle for a color that was brighter than I wanted. She only used one coat of polish.  I hope it lasts for a few weeks.Not a bad experience, but could have been better.
5	We came in early for out app. Any they took us in right away. I was getting Gold nails done in gel and when the color didn't come out right Kim jumped up and   started taking then off (after asking if I had time) the redu took shorter than I expected the whole mani pedi and redu took 1 hour. I got the color and look I wanted! With out the grief! She also massages my arms with a warm stone! It was really nice. And the girl doing my pedi had one hell of a grip when massaging my legs! It was a really nice experience all and all.
5	I'm a bit boring when it comes to nails - I usually just go with the french gel mani and a french pedi. With something so simple, you want people who do it right. Before my wedding, I went to Pink Nails Spa on a few trial runs, and each time, they didn't fail to impress. The owner/main scheduler here is super nice and reasonable. During one of my trial runs, I got hair dye on my just manicured nails. I went back here to see if they could fix it, and she did it quickly and didn't even charge me. I was really grateful for this. Their customer service definitely makes me a repeat customer. For my bachelorette party, I didn't end up going here due to poor planning/timing on my part, so I ended up going to Elaine's Nails because they were open so late. I realize now that Elaine's  didn't do a lasting job and whatever gel they did use, seemed more damaging to my nails and chipped very badly in less than a week. Luckily, Pink Nails Spa came to my rescue again and got those gel nails off. They could tell right away I had gotten them done somewhere else because the gel quality was way different, they didn't soak off like they should and stuck to my nails in a bad way. Finally, for my wedding nails, Crystal assisted me. What I really like about her is that her nails were pristine when she did my nails - I think  having someone who takes care of their own nails is a good sign. Her fingers were done in all different designs, one of them being normal french so I just told her I wanted the same curve and shape she had for my mani. She did an amazing job and flash forward to almost 3 weeks since she did my nails, and they're still intact, no chipping whatsoever. This place definitely has their regulars who come in every two weeks, so I would definitely try to book in advance. Even with an appointment, you'll have to a wait, so plan accordingly and give yourself a lot of buffer time. They'll also play Netflix movies or TV game shows while you wait, so at least you can expect to be entertained.
5	The best thing about the place is the cleanliness. I love salons that use sterile packages and they open them right in front of you. Kim is amazing and I also really like the young girl with blonde highlights (if you get to choose). What keeps me coming back is the customer service and their ability to have some sense of fashion - when you tell them to do whatever they want it doesn't look like a kid finger painted on you (lol but if you're reading this for advice you know what I'm talking about)! They also don't speak Vietnamese right in front of you. Great salon!
5	I love this nail place !!! I've been going here with either my boyfriends mom or grandma for awhile and I'll never go any where else again best service , nails , and pedi in town . Love love love this place !
1	First time getting a gel manicure. Showed them a picture of exactly what I wanted and didn't get that. Not even close. Too expensive. They did a horrible job. Never going back there again and recommend you save your time and money & don't go there either.
5	Use to go to Color Nails in the Target Shopping Center up on Grand Canyon, "Hated It"!!Love this new place!!! They have a ton of color selections and sample styles to choose from.You can walk-in but highly recommend making an appointment.  I use to get my nails done twice a month at the old place. With Pink Nails the work they do is so good that I'm now getting my nails done once a month with no chipping or pealing!!!
5	I've been going here for three years, and I finally decided that I should write a review. The staff is so friendly, they're always quick about their work, and everything is clean. Summer is the best technician there!
4	Went here about 2 or so weeks ago because it's right across from where my son works. They were very polite & professional, and Jimmy did a fab job on my fill. The nail art was perfect for Independence day, too.Also got a pedicure, and while it wasn't the most amazing one Ive ever had, it was a great experience for the price.If you're looking for a new nail place in the southwest, I'd suggest these folks. I'm very happy with them. :)
5	I come here every two weeks like clock work and have loved every design and service I have received. I always go to Kim but all technicians seem amazing. I often just go with colors in my mind or a piece of an idea and Kim just takes it from there. I am always trying to think of new designs and she pulls it off every time most times better than the original inspiration. I have no need to find another place. I will be at pink from now on. Definitely stop by, their foot spas are amazing and I love the hot rock service that is standard with all manis and pedis. Recommend 100%!
1	Extremely rude customer service. Talked badly about a client outloud to another client. Absolutely no customer service. Will never go again
3	10-15min wait, friendly, great nail service though. Yes I will be back when I return. Thanks for the foot spa referral Jimmy!
2	My wife got her nails done here and they really messed them up. She went back to get it fixed and the woman doing them still couldn't get it right. One of her fake nails was even crocked.
5	Pink Nail Spa is by far the best nail salon in town. I have lived in Las Vegas for many years and am very picky about service,wait time and consistency. I have been to many shops and  I have not been able to commit to becoming a regular customer until I found Pink Nail Spa.  Summer is a professional who delivers excellent work... tell her once what you want and you have it.... Summer will even send me a text message if she is running behind schedule, and I appreciate that level of service. Everyone in the shop is very friendly and knowledgable.  Please try it, you will not go to another shop.... Josie
5	I've been coming here for about two years. I had moved to Vegas then and was looking for a good nail salon and after trying a few happened to stumble on this place. They are great. Such a wide selection. I really enjoy walking in and having so many choices for gel. My gel used to last about two weeks. Once I started coming here it was lasting almost 4 weeks. I am moving soon to CA and am hoping I find a place up there just like pink nails!They recently renovated as well. All new pedi chairs and mani tables. They also added more than they used to have. If you're lucky to come at a time when they are slow you can get your mani and pedi done at the same time!I highly recommend Pink Nails!!'
5	First off, I am very picky about how I get my nails done. I like the almond shape stiletto look & not too pointy. I don't like them too thick close to my nail bed because once my nails start growing in.. It looks so noticeable. Today, I did a walk in for a full set and they were able to accommodate me into their schedule in no time. Summer was the one who did my nails & she did an amazing job! Exactly what I wanted!!!! She is quick too. I was in & out in no time. They have many clients who come in and know by name which I think is a A+ for customer service. But I recommend scheduling an appt because even for a Wednesday, they had a pretty busy day. All in all, I am definitely coming back for a filll! :)
5	Cleanest nicest and the best service. They are honest with you not like other nail salons who will say ok hunny have a seat, when you walk in. Summer will tell you that the girls have no time at the moment and for you to come at another time. They are thorough and precise.
5	Bessssssst place in town!!! I hate to tell you all Kim is the best because then you'll all want her, but she really is!!!
5	I've had gel french done only about twice prior. This was my third attempt and found this spot. I had originally picked it because I liked the price when i called around. The girl took much longer than usual (more than an hour) on my nails because she was thorough in every step she took. I've actually never had a gel nail done like the girl here did for me. She did multiple coats every time, and also made sure to clean out and shave down my bare nails a bit as well. By far the best gel nail job I've had done. I am def coming back here.
1	Rip off they suck !! My nails aren't even the right shape some are bigger then the other don't let the fool you if you ask for your nails a little narrow but still square at the end they'll tell you it's 5 DALLORS more ?? FOR WHAT ITS STILL SQUARE I JUST WANTED IT NOT SO WIDE .. They suck you'll find cheaper and way better
4	Love coming here. Always so friendly and nice! Kim always does a wonderful job on my nails and takes her time! :)
