4	I had a great experience at this salon when I went in for highlights.  I was under a very strict time constraint and the girls were able to get me in and out in record time.  My highlights turned out fabulous and Jenny and Lindsay were absolute dolls.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it's (sadly) a little farther than I'd like to travel.  However, I will definitely go back and see them especially when I have more time!
1	Worst customer service ever! I had bought a groupon deal and went to use it however I had to have a printout of it. They wouldn't accept my mobile one at all even though there were no specific instructions staying that it had to be printed. I needed a haircut so just went ahead without the groupon. There credit card machine was down as well and when I went to pay, they told me is have to go to an ATM and couldn't just take my number and run it when the machine was up again. So I was going to have to pay an additional fee to take money out or drive all the way home to get the money. I did bring my groupon in they said they couldn't honor it because now I wasn't a first time customer. I've never struggled so much before with getting a haircut or being able to use my groupons. Definitely don't recommend this place.
1	I posted this review on this business's facebook page but they deleted the entire page after they seen it so I guess that tells you what kind of person this salon owner is. I would not recommend this salon to anyone. I have never been here and I WILL NEVER go after I found out how they treat their employees. My sister is 19 and fresh out of cosmetology school and this owner Jennifer took advantage of her. My sister drove up to Fitchburg from Janesville for an interview then the owner requested she come back with 2 people to cut their hair and show her skills after that she was hired at the salon. My sister did not have her license yet as she still had to take the 2 tests before she was officially a cosmetologist so she was hired to do training at the time. She clocked in and she clocked out at the end of the day. She worked a total of 11 hours before she realized this Salon was not the one for her. So she let the owner know she would be quitting and the owner was ok with that however the owner stated she could not work at any salons within a certain mile radious of this one per some contract that my sister signed. My sister has been trying to get a copy of this contract ever since however the owner refuses to give her a copy. Then to make matters worse this owner is now refusing to pay my sister for the 11 hours she worked. She is now saying the contract is void because she doesn't want to pay my sister. She is stating my sister was just shadowing for her which is a complete and utter lie. You do not clock in and clock out unless you are being paid for the work you are doing. I can not believe that you would refuse to pay a young girl for her work. She worked for those 11 hours and you need to pay her. The BBB will be contacted, you can not just NOT pay an employee.  You should be ashamed of your self for trying to get one over on a teenager. Where are your morals!
