4	Just saw the article about this place on Chow Bella - Phoenix New Times. I can't pass up a cheap local eat near the house. So decided to give it a try.I ordered the BUL-GO-KEE Bento to go. It is a pretty large serving! Generous amount of bulgokee over steamed white rice with two sides - veggie salad and pretty good macaroni salad. I think I will be back to try the other bento options too, especially the chicken katsu.
4	Went back two more times and tried their Chicken Katsu Bento, Hawaiian Shrimp and Kal Bee Bento. I think my favorites are Chicken Katsu and Kalbee so far. The portion of food you get for the price definitely won't leave you hungry. I actually had to eat my bento in phases so I can finish everything.I love the fact that the whole family are working there from ordering to making your food. A really nice and friendly place to relax and enjoy affordable good Korean food.Can't wait for them to extend their hours and add more Korean dished on their menu.
3	For me, Grilled Ave was a great find when I was walking towards Mill Avenue with my sister in the search for food that wasn't campus food. They had just opened at that time, and the first visit was stellar enough to warrant repeated patronage. I had the Katsu Chicken the first time, and after trying a few more dishes, it's the only meal I order. The Kalbee beef is OK, and the orange chicken is not that great. The bowls run relatively cheap -- between $5.50-$6.50 if I remember correctly -- and you have the option to upgrade it to a combo for about $1.50 more which includes a salad and a side of macaroni salad. The macaroni salad is unusual, but tasty. I usually don't get the combo, as it's a lot of food, but I've heard people tell thier friends that the combo is a great deal when they're ordering.I've ordered the Vegas and the lobster rolls in the past when going there with other people, and they didn't seem to be that great. Both rolls had a lot of deep fried-ness and tons of cream cheese going on -- they tasted like they were trying too hard. I don't think I'll order anymore sushi rolls from this place. The eating area is very small, it only accommodates two parties of four. The rest of the seating is bar style seating against the wall. They have a upstairs area to seat more people, but at least from the last time I was there, this area is rather unfurnished. Overall, Grilled Ave is a tasty meal within walking distance of ASU. I would suggest the sushi rolls and the Chicken Katsu is probably their best dish (which is pretty awesome but expect the other menu offerings to not quite exceed it's awesomeness).
2	This used to be Mai Island Grill when I was a student at ASU. I noticed Mai Island closed and is now Grill Ave, but since they have a similar menu -- I decided to give it a try.I was hoping their food would be similar, but it wasn't  :(  I had the chicken teriyaki bento. I'll say the best part was the side salad, but everything else lacked the quality and sweet Hawaiian flavor Mai Island once had.
5	The value at Grilled Ave is through the humbly-sized roof. For under 7 dollars, you receive an easily-storable bento box that's good for a meal and a half. The pasta salad is candy. $0.59 Hansen's soda. Nice natural light. Service is always on point.This is the only establishment in the area that offers individual servings of Kimchi, another incredible value at $0.50 that you can feel good about adding on top of the already large meal.This is the perfect neighborhood joint. Bring cash if you're a nice person.
3	Good place for a cheap meal and centrally located close to Mill Ave and ASU.  I'm a fan of the Chicken Katsu bowl- $5.50 and very filling.  I've also tried the Hawaiian Shrimp- breaded and fried served with a sweet and sour-ish dipping sauce.  They were decent but I was a little turned off when I noticed some of the shrimp still had the poop-vein in them...but hey, a little shrimp turd never hurt anyone, right? But seriously, I ate them regardless and feel fine.They also sell candy and other sweets if you want some gummy burgers to go with your bento. Yum!
4	I've been here only once and had to stop and get a quick something. I was amazed at the prices and looking at everyones food it was big portions. Sadly I only got the pot stickers with I got a dozen for like $2 can't go wrong with that. I must go back and have a real meal next time.
5	This place is phenomenal. The food is flavorful and very reasonable priced. It's centrally located on the ASU Tempe campus and offers students a great variety that was lacking in that specific part of campus. My favorite thing there was the Bulgogi or Bul Go Kee (as on the menu) and I got a bento box combo that came with a delicious side salad and creamy macaroni salad. For $8, the amount of food and quality of meat was great. Also, they offer a great selection of both fountain and freezer drinks and snacks and the service is great. The owner is a sweetheart. As another reviewer noted, you can order from an eclectic selection of sides for your meal as well as an inspired and customer-friendly appetizer menu (available in half and full portions for those short on cash or appetite). You can also have your main combo meat normal or "spicy". Options/customization are huge with me. It show's the owner cares to provide a fun and enjoyable experience for their customer. Another cool thing too is that, if you enjoy a certain sauce you can buy bottles of their sauces that they'll make for you (Teriyaki, Ponzu, a crap load of others) for like $3.99. It's a great way to bring a flavor home and support a local restaurant.The level of detail (in a simplified and user-friendly sense) is astounding for such a small humble place on campus. I hope this place thrives unlike the last two places that were here (Mai and Gyros Hut).Also, how does it make sense to review an establishment based on a restaurant that used to be in its place? Gyros Hut actually predated Grilled, but you don't see me complaining about they're lack of lamb offering. LOL
3	Initially, I found this place when looking for options to eat that were close to campus. This was recommended to me by a friend, and so I went and tried the chicken katsu bento. I found out their definition of a bento was to be a takeout box with two measly sides; macaroni salad and some vegetables that were easily forgettable. The salad was too sweet for my taste, and the vegetables, salty and poorly cooked. The chicken itself was alright in texture, but it was drenched in sauce, and I had wished they could have put it on the side (or that I had considered telling them to put it separately from the food). My friend had gotten the Hawaiian shrimp and potstickers, so I tried them, but the shrimp had an immense amount of breading on it, and lacked any amount of actual shrimp meat inside--all I got from it was that it was mealy. The potstickers aren't my thing, only because I prefer other kinds of fillings, but my friend seems to like the texture, which was fine.I came back again today to try one of their sushi rolls, and got the New York roll. I had asked them the ingredients, but wasn't aware that it'd be fried. I was watching the girl finish up my order with an inordinate amount of sauce, and to put it lightly, I was a little horrified. You could not only hardly get the flavours inside the sushi roll itself, but the only flavour I got from it was the fishy smell from the overcooked salmon inside. I was less than impressed with the treatment of the roll, so I won't be getting anything from their sushi menu again. This place is alright if you're very hungry and looking for a cheap take-out lunch, but I wouldn't go here for dinner.
3	if you're around the brickyard this is a great place to get a meal I can't even begin to describe how hard it is to find good rice around Asu.  the chicken katsu is deliciously crispy and sliced super thin so its easy to eat on the go.   The dish is a little heavy on the sauce, but overall its pretty good. I stop by this shop maybe once a week on the way to work and its worth a try.  however if you're looking for some real juicy korean bbq and lots of sides I'd recommend paradise hawaiian down the street
4	Good food, great price!A mix of Korean and Japanese dishes to satisfy your Asian cravings, at prices reasonable enough for the college crowd (just about everything was less than $10). The place is tiny, so during a rush it would be difficult to try and get around, but when I went at 7 pm, the place was comfortable and the two people working there were friendly. My only complaint was that the sushi roll we got was falling apart en route to my mouth, but it was still tasty!Pay with cash to help keep costs low! :)
1	I came here at noon during spring break. When I walked in, no one was there. I rang the bell on the counter. No one came out from the back. I waited and rang the bell again. Nobody. I waited and rang the bell a third time. No one. I walked out having been unable to even find an employee much less place an order and try the food. Pathetic.
4	Fast, reasonably priced and decent quality when school is in session.  Had the chicken teriyaki bowl with white meat and found it generous in portion size and filling.  I like it for lunch.
1	This place is just a rip off of the Flame Broiler down the street. Ribs are awful, chicken is fatty, and the service is slow.
3	Ok place if you are a student on a budget, I suppose.  I am usually a big fan of places like this, even though it's been a few years since I've been in school.  Cheap teriyaki, prepared fast.  The only problem was that the taste was a bit underwhelming both times I went there - passable but not very memorable.  Worth a stop every once in while if you only have $6 in your wallet.
2	Definitely disappointing, but fairly cheap. Decided to go here for a light lunch between classes. Ordered the lobster roll bento box and edamame. The bento consisted of the roll, a small green salad, macaroni salad and two gyoza. The roll arrived panko fried, which I was not informed of nor expecting, and piping hot. When executed correctly, flash frying sushi can add layers of complexity with contrasting temperatures and textures. However this attempt simply caused the mayo on lobster roll to become runny. This, coupled with the liberal application of eel sauce turned the roll into a gloppy unappetizing mess.The macaroni salad was pretty good (I don't usually like macaroni salad) and the gyoza were nicely crisp, but the edamame were lukewarm and over-salted.Much of what I like about Japanese cuisine, the simplicity of preparation and the emphasis on quality ingredients, was sadly absent. Instead there is an almost greasy spoon type reliance on salts and fats to make food taste good.Maybe I should have had the katsu chicken, but I probably won't be back.
4	I have stopped in here for lunch and drinks a few times now. The teriyaki beef/chicken and bulgolgi have great flavor (I prefer the spicy versions). Their bowl meals come with plenty of meat and rice, while the bento meals also come with macaroni and slaw. These are affordable dishes and excellent for a lunch of easy take-out dinner. In addition, the meals are big enough that two people could split one.The other item that I really like here is the boba. The milk tea and Thai iced tea both have a nice tea flavor and are not overly sweet like some places. Hence, it's also a nice place to pass by for a drink.
3	I've come in here a few times and I must say that it is delicious food at cheap prices. I got an entire teriyaki bowl and dumplings with a drink for under 7 dollars. Decent atmosphere, it is usually quiet, so perhaps a good spot to get some work done as you eat. Great place for lunch w friends. Take out is always an option too. Check it out if you're in the mood for something asian and different.
3	I found a place near campus that has some of the Korean, Japanese, Hawaiian food I like. I got the Katsu Bento which was pretty good. The portion was good I was satiated after my meal. As far as quality it wasn't anything memorable, but nonetheless it is probably a place I'll frequent out of convenience.
5	Love this place! The one guy does everything from taking orders to cooking to collecting money. But great food.
3	The food was good on my visits as described in my original review. However, I have found the bubble tea to take a dive in quality. It is far too sweet and contains about 90% water/sugar with little to no tea flavor. Also, I always get met with confusion and hysteria when I ask for no ice. This is a completely normal request and I have never met this resistance at any other boba shop. I won't be getting tea here again, although I may go again for food.
4	Huge portions but I'll tell them to go easy on the sauce next time.  It's a little too much.
5	I was introduced to Grilled Ave by my coworkers. Service and value are beyond compare. I always get the teriyaki chicken bowl. With tax it comes out to $5.45 and is enough food for 2 meals. The chicken is very tasty and the sticky rice is perfectly cooked.
4	This cozy express eatery offers primarily teriyaki bowls in chicken (orange, katsu), beef (bulgogi, l\kalbi) and rib from 4.99-$5.99.  Bento lunches, which include macaroni salad, steamed rice and vegetables are only $1.50 more.The surprise hit here is the sushi rolls.   There are only three kinds, but they are not only made fresh and are incredibly flavorful, but at $5.49 they are a delicious value.  You absolutely have to try their version of the Las Vegas Roll, with avocado and cream cheese combined with spicy crab and lightly tempura battered and fried, then drizzled with a sweet chili sauce.Their assortment of smoothies ranging from coconut to guava, iced blended coffees, and boba teas is also notable.The seating area is small, the space is cramped overall, the air conditioning does not seem to be working well, but the staff is friendly and committed to their product - and it's just a great place to come by for take-out or a quick bite.
4	Love the new York and Vegas rolls. I don't like how they waste so much styrofoam but overall a yummy place and close to the design building. Prepare to wait a while for your food though. If you go there frequently, ask for a stamp card.
5	Best place in Tempe for fast, cheap, and most importantly delicious food. No question about it.Great people, great food.
4	This place is small, but it serves the purpose, so far i have only tried the teriyaki chicken and the new york sushi and they are actually really good. It is conveniently located near ASU which is a plus for me since I have classes that are close by, so whenever I get hungry I walk a block and get a quick snack. Also their boba drinks are amazing!
2	Food: Amazing, absolutely delicious.  My favorite is the New York roll and the Teriyaki tofu.Service: horrible. it's not in a timely manner.  Once I ordered my usual, thai boba with teriyaki tofu... they brought out my food really late, I waited over a half hour and there wasn't many people there. Also... THEY FORGOT THE TOFU! they brought my plate to me with just rice and greens but no tofu.... HOW DOES SOMEONE FORGET A DETAIL LIKE THAT?the service is horrible.... but the food is worth it.
4	EDIT: the service is actually pretty slow. But it is good here. Great little place for good, cheap teriyaki. They're not the fastest, but the staff is friendly and it's not unbearably slow. The food is very good for the price. Although the place is kind of small, its cozy and there is decent seating. The boba isn't the best. The boba itself is kind of chewy my taste and I taste a lot of sugar in the tea. But the flavor isn't bad. Overall, it's a nice plae close to campus - good for a between-class lunch.
4	Best value by ASU campus. Fresh food, good size, great taste. Cons? Very small inside, and sometimes there is a wait. Spicy teriyaki chicken bowl is my go-to option here and it is ideal. So much more flavor than your average fast-food Asian restaurant it just wakes up my tongue with flavor. Just so you know, despite the name it is not very spicy at all. For about $7 bucks it's the most food for your money you can get around campus, and the punch card gives a great incentive to come back for more. The bento is worth the few dollars extra I really like their macaroni salad it's not mushy or generic like others. Depending on the time and the day there can be a bit of a wait. Seating is very limited too and not the kind of place you could sit and pass the time. But for lunch or to-go there is no ASU place I'd recommend more.
3	I only ordered a milk tea from here (because I've been craving some and I haven't been home {Orange County] in a while), and it was so far the best I've had out of the two places I've ordered milk tea from. The tea was a bit thick and had an overpowering flavor, reminding me of an iced coffee from Lee's Sandwiches or the like.
3	This place was good for its price. It is defeniy place where it gives you the college atmosphere. Their lunch box menu is pretty simple. Many people seems to get to go box because of the space limit. I would recommend this place to everyone if you are hungry. Everything is under 10 so it is budget friendly.
5	Great food! Not too pricey really nice and typically doesn't take long at all. I go there atleast once a week and my wallet isn't complaining and my stomach is certainly thanking me every time!
3	I had the Chicken Teriyaki bento.  Nice sauce, grilled very well.  The macaroni salad seemed to be pretty standard, and the "veggies" I got was little more than some salad mix with a ginger-y dressing.  Overall it was good, but I think a little overpriced for what it was.  Also, they did not honor the Yelp Check-in coupon for a free drink with entree that I attempted to use.
4	Yay decent teriyaki near campus that I like better then the nearby Paradise Hawaiian Got the Katsu Bento for 6.95 and friend got the Teriyaki Chicken sans bento for a dollar less. Big portions  - Cheap - Cool interior So far I'm a fan of this restaurant row of Grilled Ave and Gluttons(Oh yea its Korean owned! And you can draw on the walls like they do at The Street Boba)
3	Actually ordered food from here this time. I got the fried sushi roll with lobster (I can't remember the name), and it was pretty good considering this eatery doesn't exactly specialize in sushi. Also, if ordering a drink, or at least a milk tea, I personally recommend getting it blended, as opposed to iced, as last time my iced milk tea came out far too potent, but my blended milk tea today was far more suitable for my palate. The boba, however, was far too firm for my liking. Warning: it can be a little pricey though, as a small--although the cup itself isn't too diminutive in size--milk tea is $4.
4	Grilled Ave is right down the street from my apartment and I find myself craving it all the time. PROS:-The teriyaki beef and chicken bentos are delicious. It kind of reminds me of a better version of Flamebroiler (which no longer exists in Tempe). -Bento boxes come with a big, manly serving of white rice and choice of meat. As a bonus, the macaroni salad that comes with it is awesome. I would go there for the macaroni salad alone. Grand total came $7.50 with tax... not bad.-They sell capri suns, need I say more.CONS:Restaurant itself is very small; its definitely a place to take your food and go, although they do have limited seating inside. Can be very crowded at lunchtime when school is in session. BIGGER CON:I have found a hair in my food TWICE. Definitely killed the mood both times. I do worry about the cleanliness of the place.
5	Easily the best teriyaki in town! It's very affordable and generously portioned. Service is as quick as possible for the size of the business, and the atmosphere is cozy and family-style. Speaking of family, it feels good to support a local business. Particularly since the menus is quite expansive for their limited staff! The only complaint is that lunch rush means seating fills up very quickly and you may have to take your meal to eat outside or somewhere else. A small price to pay for the cheapest and tastiest lunch in Tempe!Recommended dish: teriyaki bowl with extra vegetables. Divine!
4	Its a nice place with great Asian food, cheaply priced. Takes about five to ten minutes to wait for food, and its a good place to hang out with friends.
2	They don't honor the Yelp deal they have listed here.I ordered a plate (bento) and wasn't offered my choice of sides even though they were listed on the menu, so make sure to ask for what you want as sides.Ordered the chicken katsu and the teriyaki beef. The katsu tasted pretty good and the beef was alright.Overall, the  food is aesthetically pleasing and tastes okay for the price but a bit of a let down, even if I disregard the false advertising.
