4	These guys are great. unfortunately the staff changes so much due to the environment but other than that I've always gotten great service from here.
5	When I got to town I looked online for a rental car because I had taken the train here. I decided to go with Enterprise.   My daughter recommended the office at Alma School and Broadway because she had used them in the past so I entered that location as my choice  The website said that they had free pick up and drop off so I called them up and asked for a ride over there, which is only about a mile north. They said they would have to call me back when someone was going to head over.  I had an appointment an hour and a half later which was plenty of time.  I NEVER heard back from them. I finally called THIS location about a mile south of me, explained the situation which at this point I only had maybe half an hour to get to my appointment. This location on Baseline was very understanding and very efficient. They sent someone over within 15 minutes, zooming me down to the office, had me fill out the paperwork quickly and I was on my way in a Dodge Avenger to my appointment which fortunately wasn't very far.So if you need a rental car with a pickup, call this location on Baseline.  Even though I had a car reserved at the Broadway location and had called for a ride, they never, ever called or came to my location to get me.  They lost out on what is now an over three month rental.When it turned out I was going to be here for over a week this office switched me to a monthly rate which I have been on since I got here . I noticed they didn't have very good reviews and I mention that to the manager, Dustin. He told me he had just become the manager 2 weeks earlier and that things were improving, which I can totally concur with. I've been in a couple times to renew the car for my  extended visit and have encountered nothing but cheerfulness, helpfulness and efficiency on each visit. They have kept in good communication, calling to remind me when I need to go in.   When my credit card expired and I had to get a new one they were patient and waited a day or two to charge me. If I encounter any problems when I turn the car in I will update this but so far, all is good!
4	Great location, excellent employees and nice cars.
1	This location is completely understaffed and unprepared. I was never picked up by enterprise so their tag line "we'll pick you up" was entirely invalidated. I waited more than 30 minutes after my appointment until my dealership actually drove me to their location. I then waited another 30 minutes to secure a rental car with a practically empty gas tank. Compared to other rental car experiences, this one was subpar to say the least.
