4	After shopping at Whole Foods stores in Chicago I was very comfortable walking into a Harris Teeter.  It's quite possibly the cleanest grocery store I've ever been in.  The produce could be better but all in all a great selection of everything.  My only complaint is that it usually doesn't have enough junk food, no Lender's Bagels, and no baked salt and vinegar chips...  Can someone help a brother out?!  :)HT has a pretty big selection of wine and beer.  For liquor you must visit one of several ABC stores in town.  I know I keep repeating this over and over again.  But it was a traumatic experience discovering you can't pick up the ingredients for some quick Purple Hooters in the same shop.
4	I really prefer this Harris Teeter to the Central Avenue location. This location is spacious and has a much better selection of produce and already-made food, including a deli counter where they make sandwiches to order. They have a variety of wine and beer, plenty of it cold too.  Unfortunately, it closes at 10 pm, like most Teeters. If you're in need of late-night snacks or on a beer run, I'd suggest the 24-hour Harris Teeter at Morrocroft Village on Morrison Boulevard. One big plus of Harris Teeters - self-checkout. If I'm just buying a few items, I always prefer the self-checkout to waiting in line for a cashier.
4	On Saturdays, during my lunch break, I often stop by this Harris Teeter's deli counter to grab a fresh-made sub. Every day, HT offers a different 1/2 sub (read: 6") for only $2.49. They offer one cold and one hot per day at this price. Foregoing the bread, I often get the wrap (either white or wheat). For that same $2.49, I can get a whole wrap filled with meat, cheese, and toppings like lettuce, tomato, olives, and banana peppers. It's an awesome, delicious deal that always fills me up 'til dinnertime and, with a wrap, the filling isn't spilling out the sides and into my lap. I usually get the cold sub vs. the hot, despite how delicious the hot sounds. Why? I got the Italian sausage and peppers hot sub once. It smelled and tasted SO good...but it was SO messy. Being that I was eating it on the go, it wasn't conducive to driving and the red sauce didn't match the upholstery in my car very well. BONUS: if I use my VIC card each time I buy a 1/2 sub, once I've purchased 15 at that special $2.49 price, I get a free WHOLE sub. That's right, my friends. For purchasing 15 half subs, I can get a free WHOLE sub (that's TWO lunches)...and it can be any kind I want; I don't have to stick to whatever their special of the day is. Woo hoo!
4	This is my go-to Harris Teeter when I have lots of shopping to do, because it's like triple the size of the HT near my place in Gateway. This is a great supermarket with friendly, helpful employees and pretty much anything you'd ever want at a store. I go here all the time, and if you're near Dilworth at all, you should too. What I especially love about this Teeter, aside from their selection (which is top-notch; you literally can get any food item you'd ever need here), is that it has other products you might not expect--namely, a Coinstar machine (yes, I use Coinstar...it's great for that spare change collecting in your car/kitchen) and a selection of carpet steam cleaners, and that sort of things. I come here for all sorts of random appliances.
4	This Harris Teeter is great.  First off the location is convenient, tons of other shopping and restaurants around.  I like how it is tucked away in an unassuming shopping center.  Definitely bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside.  The selection is also impressive.  I can always find what I need for recipes and can get in and out quickly.  I find myself coming to HT often, even though I am a huge Trader Joe's fan and also love Walmart's prices.  The staff has always been upbeat and friendly.  The atmosphere here is just so much better than what you'd get other place.  The main downside is the prices, but sometimes it's worth it for me!
3	A friend of mine astutely pointed out that it seems as if there are Harris Teeters on *almost* every corner in Charlotte. Well, maybe. But this HT falls squarely in the A-OK category for me. The good: A diverse selection of produce, meats, cheeses, seafood, cooking/baking needs in a clean, easy to shop environment. They also carry the requisite amount of cleaning and paper products, too. Your VIC card can score some pretty sweet deals if you shop prudently. Plus, the staff & cashiers are typically helpful & friendly when you're searching for a random ingredient and walking around the store like a lost puppy. (me) The meh: Prices, especially for comparable produce, cheese and nuts and specialty products, are (IMO) significantly higher than Trader Joe's. Also, this place can be a total cluster-eff during the weekend or around the holiday. And lastly, the toiletry & bath products aisle is kinda sad. Just go to CVS - you'll save money & end up with a better array of choices. I'll continue to shop at this Teeter due to its location, but only for products that I can't find at the local farmer's market and TJ's.
3	Good wine and beer selection, but crappy hours. HOW DO YOU CLOSE @ 10PM? You force me everytime to go to Bloom (which I don't love, don't hate), but it just rubs me wrong - one of the hippest, safest neighborhoods in Charlotte and you don't stay open till 11 or 12? THAT my friends, is my beef with this HT.But as always, food is fresh, sales are good, and employees are nice. Store is pretty clean, though the parking lot gets crazy between noon-2pm, 4pm-6pm.
3	my heart will always belong to publix, but harris teeter wins my vote here in charlotte.This location is a good size, organized nicely (though their reorganizing a few months back threw me off for a couple trips), and the woman who is always at the quick checkout on the produce side is honestly the friendliest woman in the whole entire store. The meat/seafood counter is compact and it has become apparent some of the staff is more qualified to answer your question than others, but they always try to be as helpful as possible.They have a great selection throughout the store (always an unexpected 6pack or bottle of wine), but sometimes their prices on everyday items are just a little outrageous. Plus, with the Target at metropolitan bulking up it's grocery section and charging less for the same brands- I believe I'll be buying less of my food staples at HT in the future. The VIC card specials can be nice, and I have gone and pretty much shaved 50% off my total, but a lot of times the prices are still more expensive than a supercenter. However, there are some items I just can't get elsewhere and I'm glad HT makes them available to me... and no one at walmart is going to go out of their way to make sure I'm finding what I need and if I could use any help. So thank you, HT.
3	Though there are plenty of larger HTs in the area, this one is pretty convenient and clean.  Haven't really gone in this one much, but the times I have - I've found what I was looking for pretty quickly and was out of there in no time.  The one thing I hate about grocery shopping is waiting in line if there aren't enough registers open - this one doesn't really have that problem - either that or I tend to go at the right times of day.
4	This store location is much improved from what it was a few years ago but it still lacks many of the items found in a full sized HT. But, (YEAH!!!) they will be expanding soon which means there will be lots of construction and an even tougher time finding a parking spot but it will be worth it in the end. I too was someone who tried out Bloom only to be disappointed in their prices but this is about HT.I like the selection of fruit & veggies and found many organic options which I loved. The meat aisle offers little more then the expensive Angus Beef options but if you look around you can pretty much find what you want. I have never special ordered meat there but I'm sure they are more than willing to take care of your needs.The deli section has a great variety of lunchmeats and cooked meal options and even have a smaller sized make your own salad bar. I would love to grab more lunches there freshly made but the parking almost makes it impossible to get in and out and back to work in a reasonable amount of time. Their frozen food section is getting much better. I spoke with the Mgr. about 2 weeks ago asking about a new item I wanted to try and yesterday when I went it was there along with another item I had told him I liked but never found in the store. If you coupon clip and get the e-Vic card then you can definitely find some great deals. I really like this store and the weekly deals and specials, if scheduled by me right, fit well within my budget. With coupons I saved quite a bit of money on their weekly specials. The store is always clean and the service is pretty good and can be really good if you go during odd hours otherwise it can be busy, packed and tough to park. I highly recommend trying this store.
4	Great selection of meats, fresh fruits and veggies and it is conveniently located in the heart of Dilworth. HT knows grocery stores!
3	This Harris Teeter is convenient, after I leave my shift at the hospital.  Lucky for me it has the salad bar option.While this one isn't as bright and inviting as other Teeter's in Charlotte or the surrounding areas, it still features the same brands, quality & demeanor of employees.I haven't been in a while, until today & saw that they're doing some major renovations & remodel.  While's there's a decent sized parking lot, they share it with other businesses in the shopping area.Oh, if only I could afford to shop HT regularly for groceries! Right now I just have to settle for picking up a few things, or items that on sale via VIC.
5	I use to go to this Harris Teeter a long time before they remodled it, before the bank of america came about.  I went in there today because my grandma wanted something.  I was absolutely impressed by the view.  I'm not sure when the remodling was done, but this was my first time seeing this.  It took me by shock to see that the two stores beside it were no longer there.  Any who when I went inside I was like wow this is beautiful.  I was really impressed by the pizza shop, I can't say that my normal harris teeter has this to offer so it was nice to see this shop and the others as well.  I enjoyed the pizza very much and very cheap also.  Point is, I enjoyed seeing the beautiful new and improved harris teeter that's probably been this way for some time....lol
5	I really like this Harris Teeter. Yes, it is always a bit busy and the parking isn't the best, but the folks that work there make the visit worth the fuss! The meat counter guys are always nice and give very detailed suggestions on how to cut and cook your meat (if you ask) and there are always store "roamers" making sure the shoppers are finding everything they need.
3	Much like all other Teeters you will find that the stores are very clean and the cashiers and people working here are much better at customer service than other grocery stores in general.  I like Teeter for the way they do their wine aisles and the amount of craft beer they normally carry too.  The biggest drawback to this location is exactly that, it's location.  It's always busy because it shares a parking lot with several other businesses so finding a spot can be a challenge!
4	I love this Harris Teeter! They have a salad bar, Asian bar, pizza bar , and the usual hot/cold subs and sushi! I have only tried the Asian , Salad, and Sushi so far. The Pizza bar is next on my list. The parking lot is annoying though, it seems way too small for all of the businesses they have over in that area. They also have a I guess a convenience checkout line somewhat near the door for if you just have a few things and want to run in and out.
3	I go to this Teeter most frequently.  They had a nice expansion in 2012, and the store is always clean. with friendly staff.  Everything is organized well and easy to find...etc. It's no Taj Mah Teeter, but it's closer to where I live, so it wins by default.Only real complaint here is the parking situation can get messy at busy times, (Not even close to the daily sh*t show that takes place in the Metropolitan parking garage.), so keep your head on a swivel.
4	I'm a fan, but only moderately. I can't really say that I see this is "my HT" just yet. It works and has everything, per usual. The layout is a bit odd, and I do feel a bit congested near the entrance/exit. Still enjoy the produce section of HT and find this one to be on par with others around town. Big plus for having a bike rack outside. Living less than a mile away, I'm prone to get around more on my bike. Working out at the Dowd and then utilizing the bike lanes on East to get home makes this an easy destination for small necessities or singular items for dinner(s). I can see this location becoming our regular spot in due time.
3	Good place for wine and beer. Otherwise, place is expensive. I rather go out of my way to Trader Joes or Target. Not complaining about the quality of their stuff (produce and bakery are usually pretty good), just pricey. Oh, and their front staff act like they really love their job (sarcasm)!
3	This is my go-to Harris Teeter, but only for the essentials, as I choose other spots for meat & seafood. The selection is good and the service is hit or miss. Overall everything is okay, but I do wish the meat & seafood department was a little nicer, fresher.
4	The subs with daily specials are great
4	This South End Harris Teeter has all the usual departments, just in a slightly compressed foodprint. Clean floors, bright lights, friendly smiling employees. My only complaint is that it's got the tightest parking lot in ever.Stop in at Dilworth Coffee for a cuppa.
3	I really like Harris Teeter.  Since this one isn't the closest to where we live, I felt that I could provide an unbiased review.  You definitely still find your great VIC specials here, which was the best way to shop.  Overall, their prices run a bit higher but their produce and deli selections are much better than Wal-Mart, Food Lion, etc.  As usual get your non-perishables at those cheaper stores but your specialty meats, cheeses, and produce at a Harris Teeter.  Also, if you have the luxury of having multiple ones nearby, you can actually find they have different items at different HT locations.The only knock here was the parking as they share it with multiple shops.  Situated in Dilworth, it was packed and I don't imagine it to never be due to the "fresh food" vibrancy of this area of town.
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
