5	This place is fantastic!  They have an amazing selection of TRUE high quality olive oils and balsamic vinegars.  Sooo tasty!  I've eaten more salads in the past month than in the past year!  The staff, and owners are very helpful and knowledgeable, making it even easier to love the place. Can't recommend this place enough.
5	We live in a near-by neighborhood and were in the area for lunch. We decided to step in and look around and were amazed at what a great place this is! Row after row of dispensers with flavored olive oils and balsamic vinegars. We did a little oil tasting and took home a bottle of flavored olive oil for cooking. Aubrey (the owner) was knowledgable and answered all our questions. We're glad they're in our neighborhood and plan on coming back.
5	I love this place!  Aubrie and Shawn West are the wonderful owners of this amazing Olive Oil and Balsamic shop located in the My Florist Plaza.  They have a great selection of high quality olive oils and balsamic vinegars.  The owners are very knowledgeable about their products and they will offer pairing suggestions.Thank you Aubrie and Shawn for helping me eat more salads.  I love using their products on my salads and cooking.  Right now I am hooked on the Honey Ginger and Lemongrass Mint....yummy!  I can't wait to go back for a refill.  *Remember to wash out your bottles and bring them back to the store for refills.
5	This is foodie heaven for those foodies who love to cook and just sample the flavors and expand their palates.  I popped in here randomly while in there area.  They had just opened before the holidays and were still getting all the details still worked through.  Aubrey (the owner) was very friendly and helpful.  I mentioned how I had loved Outrageous Olive Oils in Old Town Scottsdale and she let me know that they both use the same distributor.  The selection is just as extensive here (or more) than the store in Old Town.  Olivastro has more white balsamic flavors and a few different olive oil flavors.   My favorites being the truffle infused were not here yet but they did have some very aromatic black truffle salt.  Stores like Olivastro are my kryptonite .  Limiting my selection I went with 3 of the smaller bottles of olive oil Organic Butter *AMAZING!*,  Roasted Onion and Cilantro (the cilantro being more akin to the coriander seed flavor than the  green herb flavor which I loved about it, drizzle over spaghetti squash, YUMMY!!) and Garlic (a staple in my pantry) .  I also wanted to try a variety of Vinegar mostly of the *sweet* variety..  they offer gift packs and I requested some substitutions which she graciously accommodated.  (Whites: Mango, Apricot, Peach, Lemongrass Mint; Darks: Espresso, Dark Chocolate).This place is LOVELY and just right around the corner (not literally but pretty darn close).  Follow them on Facebook for great recipes and to receive notices on their Flavors of the Month.
5	We have been meaning to stop in since we saw their booth at the FQ Story home tour, and finally went it. It was wonderful! The product is amazing and so good. So many oils and balsalmics! Also the guy (I think he's the owner) said that they are working on recipes to send out via email in newsletters. I really liked that because some of the products were amazing but I have no idea how I'd use them. Like the butter flavor (with no dairy) olive oil would be amazing to bake with to cut the fat and the cocnut white basalmic was sooo good! We bought Chocolate basalmic for a gift and pomegranate basalmic for us. Also a discounted 'last years harvest; high quality olive oil to cook with and the best was the garlic olive oil! We went and bought bread just to eat it!! I know what everyone will be getting as gifts over the next year! Such a great gift idea, who doesn't love/need good oils! I hope this little shop can survive because they were nice and it's such a great product! Oh and good prices too.
5	Just bought the Lemongrass mint balsamic vinegar and the Basil olive oil a week ago - and both are half gone! That tells you a little bit about how yummy these vinegars and oils are. Very authentic  and very fresh. I like how you can taste-test everything and you fill your own bottles. The bottles are dark to preserve the phytochemicals and keep the oil fresh. The interior is super hip and the light fixtures alone are worth coming in for. Also a cool selection of local art on the walls.The only downside- it was super quiet in there. Like, museum quiet. Just me, my husband and the owner. Very faint music playing but you could still hear every movement that we made. Perhaps adjusting the music level slightly higher would have made us want to stay longer and make ourselves at home. But still, I want to go back! I want to try the butter olive oil on my popcorn! BONUS: they have very cute wrapping to take your goodies home in (kraft paper bags with their trendy logo on the front).
5	Great place! Enjoyed talking to Aubrey! Glad that I don't have to drive all the way to Scottsdale. They have a very nice selection of great oil and vinegars. Love that it's owned by a woman. Be sure to "like" them on Facebook to get good recipes.
5	Great selection, my husband is the cook in our family and is obsessed with the fantastic selection of olive oils. This means I get to try some tasty dishes and sample some of the wonderful oils this shop has to offer.
5	On a balmy Sunday afternoon, we decided to visit Olivastro and had the pleasure of meeting the owners Aubrey and Shawn.  Aubrey took us on a tour of their extensive selection of olive oils and vinegars.  She spent the time explaining about the different items in their store. They have a simple yet very elegant set up that makes for a great shopping experience.  The selection is very well organized and allows for great sampling experience as well.  As all the items are freshly bottled in the store you can sample the flavors you like and then make your selection.  You then have the pleasure of watching your own personal bottle of olive oil or vinegar being filled and sealed.  We loved this store and look forward to returning with our friends in toe :).
5	This place uses the same distributor as where I used to get Raspberry Balsamic Vinegar in Sacramento!  Superb!!!!  Best I've ever had! Unfortunately last week I went by to get more of that beautiful balsamic and they are no longer in business.  Total disappointment, as I loved this and have told so many people about it.  Perhaps it was a cost thing...it was a bit pricey.
