1	NEVER EVER, EVER ! I can't believe these two women who work there are in bussiness! RUDE! They looked at me & my family like we were from another planet!  The level of service is a joke! The young blonde was in a conversation gossiping about some other customer! I also like to support local business! However, they won't be in business much longer! Do not waste your time with these amatures! Make the effort & go to PETCO!
4	This is the only place I recommend shopping for your pet's natural, grain free, or other nutritious foods. They have great prices on all of their foods, you will not find the quality of feed at PetSmart, PetCo, or other big box stores. And they are willing to order if they don't have what you are looking for. Their staff is always friendly and polite to me. Their barkery treats are yummy, my dogs love their cheese and peanut butter bones. I've gone other places for my dog food, but always end up coming back to Bone Appetit!
1	OMG! Where to begin? First of all I chose this dog groomer based on my positive experience with Bone Appetit in Southern Highlands where their dog groomers are "Top Notch" and their convenient location to my home.  Sad to say the location at W. Azure Bone Appetit has nothing in common with a the highly professional Southern Highlands Bone Appetit!  I first visited the W. Azure in April 2013 and found their store to have minimal everything it looked as if it had just opened it's doors or was going out of business but I spoke with the owner and she assured me "Sherry" was a " Great " groomer and she DID do everything I asked for my Lil Shih Tzu. I returned again in June 2013 and spoke with the same owner and she said Sherry was no longer with them but the groomer that trained Sherry now worked there "Martha" so I booked and appointment with Martha for the next day. On arrival Martha received my Lil Shih Tzu and listen to my preferences with what I thought was her dog bather "Danny", two hours later they called and said she was ready. On arrival my dog was not ready! They were still working on her and she was not groomed as asked so I stood there until they finished her. I paid and tipped $46 and found on my way home that her paws were still dirty and her nails had not been trimmed with dirt under them, her brows were cut so short her eyes tear constantly.  I called to complain on my arrival home to the owner she stated, "well Martha did not do your dog, Danny did and he is in training", I replied, I made and appointment with Martha and gave my pup to Martha with instructions so why would Martha let my dog out of their business with her endorsement if she was training someone and without checking their work first? She of course had no answers and made no attempt to correct or assume responsibility for this matter. Only  then I went on line to read the YELP reviews I only wish I had done this sooner. You can bet we won't be back in the future now matter how close they are to our home. If anyone else lives in this area and knows of a "Good" groomer and professional business please let us know.  Phyllis G.
5	Great place with good dog food and treats. I have been going here for years and the staff is always friendly.
5	Killer treats for your pup, lots of food, fresh and dry.The man behind the counter was more than helpful and you could tell he was passionate about doggies.Not sure why these people are talking about grooming, I didn't see anywhere that a grooming service would exist in this tiny place.
