2	I wish someone had written a review for this place so that I would have not gone to it.  As a matter of background, I am originally from Los Angeles and have experienced some EXCELLENT nail salons there for much cheaper prices.  I don't know why manicures and pedicures are so expensive in Pittsburgh, but that's really a different path that I rather not venture into.  Anyway, this place is really small and they hardly have any nail polish choices.  It costs $15 for a manicure and $30 for a pedicure.  If you decide to go here, take my advice and take your own nail polish.  As for me, I picked out an OPI nail polish and they poured acetone in the nail polish to make it thinner!! I hate it when they do this, I guess its just their way of being cheap and not taking out a new nail polish.  The end result is that there are bubbles now on my nails and less than 24 hours later I just noticed that one of my nails has already chipped.  To make matters worse, their hot water was not working properly so they gave me my manicure and pedicure with pure COLD water.  The only positive thing I found about this place is that they accept credit cards.
3	Ok so my first experience at princess nails could be described as slightly awkward but totally worth it. When I went into the salon I didn't realize how cramped it actually was it didn't look too clean to be honest. But anyway I had called earlier in the week to see if they took appointments and they told me they didn't so I walked in to get my eyebrows waxed. When I arrived I said what I wanted done not knowing that I had to sit further up near the waxing chair to be waited on next before some woman cut ahead of me. But when I actually did get my eyebrows waxed by this older asian woman who went by michelle I believed she did a fantastic job of thinning out my eyebrows and surprisingly after telling her "thinner" 5 times she made them absolutely stunning and for only 10 dollars. Although its not much to look at when you go in getting my eyebrows waxed at Princess Nails was the best decision I ever made.*NOTE* My rating is based on Eyebrow Waxing. Unfortunately I do not get my nails done. EVER. So please keep in mind when reading my review for this location that it is solely based on my experience with waxing and waxing ONLY.
4	Like I said before in my first post about Princess Nails. Its definitely dingy and and as hole in the wall as you can get. But Michelle oh my is this woman amazing. Second visit to get my eyebrows waxed was just as worthwhile as the first. ASK FOR MICHELLE. I'm not going to rate this 5 stars simply because of the lack of cleaniness BUT what would they do without Michelle.*NOTE* My rating is based on Eyebrow Waxing. Unfortunately I do not get my nails done. EVER. So please keep in mind when reading my review for this location that it is solely based on my experience with waxing and waxing ONLY.
5	I think I want to kidnap Michelle. Always a wonderful job. She is the eyebrow fairy. And for all you people who don't think its necessary to tip her you should be ashamed of yourselves. I graciously leave her $5 extra on my $10 eyebrow wax. I have not had one bad experience and I can honestly say she is my GO TO WOMAN for all my eyebrow needs. I will never let another woman/man touch my face.  *NOTE* My rating is based on Eyebrow Waxing. Unfortunately I do not get my nails done. EVER. So please keep in mind when reading my review for this location that it is solely based on my experience with waxing and waxing ONLY.
2	regarding Shari's review: when i went they wouldnt even accept my debit card .  she was an older woman who i do not think knew how to use the machine so i ended up going across the street to pnc and using the atm.  it is not top quality work, they def over charge for the level of work they do...maybe that's bc their rent is high in downtown? it is about average price for nails though so doesnt hurt the pocket...but there are alot of places that do better for the same price.  its a convenient location so i would go back if i needed a last minute job, but def not my first, second, or third choice.
1	I should've believed what was already written but It was close to my hotel. The WORST mani/pedi of my life. I'm 43. I'm a flight attendant. I've been to a LOT of nail salons. I swear she wasn't licensed. She had no clue but claims to have been doing nails for 40 years. She clearly needs to retire and the male owner was an a$$. He says "not everyone does it the same." Well..... They certainly should come close!! No cuticle push back. Didn't know how to remove gel polish. Didn't file straight or smooth. Didn't clean under my nails after lotion. I had to tell her to take alcohol to my nails to clean off lotion and remind her to use a base coat. Then she polished all over my cuticle. 17 hours later having done nothing but sleep workout and shower the polish is chipped off 6 nails.
1	I guess this will be my last good review for Princess nails. Unfortunately the worst possible thing has happened. I have one eyebrow! Its slowly growing back but the idea of having to pencil in my eyebrow everyday is starting to get to me. Unfortunately I don't know what happened? Michelle are you going blind? Are you okay? Obviously you left me with completely a mishapen eyebrows which I had to have someone else fix because you botched mine. I cried, I weeped, i found myself in the fetal position. I'm no longer going back. I know some people have off days but this was BAD.
1	By far the worst Shellac manicure I have ever had. I went down on my lunch break for a quick mani. First the woman rushed through my "manicure." I'm not sure they have any type of sanitizer for their instruments as she kept pulling things out of her drawer. The manicure was very quick and not at all thorough. Once she started to paint my nails she kept having to fix them because she was in a such a rush. She took off polish that was on the nail and then pushed my hand into the UV dryer. When she went to put the top coat on my Shellac she put the Foundation coat on 2 of my nails before she realized and wouldn't fix them saying they will be fine. During the entire process she did about 6 eyebrow waxes and then would forget where she was in my process. She also kept forgetting to turn on the UV dryer to the point where she walked away and I had to turn it on.Do not go here. If I could give it 0 stars I would.
