4	Went to the Morrison Branch the other day to do a spin class.  I didn't realize they had expanded.  The gym is huge... used to be a tiny place, but I think they did a great job with the expansion (looks like they have plans in the future to expand even more).Unfortunately this gym is pretty far from my house so I wouldn't go here regularly, but it's nice to know that the facilities have been updated - I didn't get to see if they expanded the pool area/ but there seemed to be a new pool out there as well (it was too dark to see outside when I got there at 6).
4	Water park is a lot of fun for the kids
5	A little off the beaten path but they've got a lot to offer!  Very clean, new additions to the building, the staff was friendly AND helpful.  I took my first Zumba class last night and truly enjoyed myself.  There are people from every walk of life so it's hard to feel like an outcast.A+ for this place!  I plan on being a regular.
5	Hard not to like this place.  Clean, open spaces, new equipment and friendly staff.  The YMCA isn't going to like this:  the only improvement would be FREE TOWELS like the Morehead Y.  New addition nice.  Can't figure our why people are running on the inside track counter-clockwise.  LOTS of classes, family friendly.  Pool gets a bit dodgy in the summertime.  Can they get that stuff that turns the water purple?
5	I've been a member here for a number of years--before the expansion began. The Morrison Y has gone from one building with a water park and exercise room to 3 buildings with a huge exercise room, 4 basketball courts (maybe 5), an indoor track, a new group fitness room, among many other improvements. They did quite the job.The workout room (or floor if you want to put it that way) is very nice. It's fitted with Life Fitness and Precor cardio machines, which all are equipped with TVs. The Precor TVs are like little entertainment systems--you can plug your iPhone in, watch TV, select a workout, and view your progress on that workout. The TV doesn't look great, though. There are a plethora of weights and free weights as well. There's also a "core fitness" room where one can take a mat and work on push ups, take a jump rope and jump rope--really a lot of options. The staff is decent, I really never interact with them so I'm going to refrain from commenting there. The gym can get really full on pre-work mornings and Saturdays, so watch out!The other feature I use most is the water park. It consists of one main pool, a kiddie pool, 2 "big kid" waterslides, 3 "little kid" waterslides, and 3 more "baby" waterslides. It's a great place, although it can get very, very, very crowded when half of Ballantyne is there on a 90 degree day in July. Still a nice place to cool off.I also participate in their superb volunteer program--it's an easy and fun way to help out around Ballantyne. Give it a look--ask one of the staff at the front desk. Overall, a winner in my book.
5	This is by far the best Y in the Greater Charlotte area. This is one of the largest YMCA facilities and is clean, bright and cheerful. Here are the positives:- Great exercise classes offered- Big and spacious group exercise rooms- Lots of equipment. They have about 20-odd treadmills so there's always little or no wait. Same with ellipticals and cycles- Indoor running track for people who don't like running on treadmills yet want to run when it's cold / rainy / hot outside- Smoothie king!!- Lots ad lots of parking- Kids' pool and daycare
4	I was always a big fan of the local Y until my dues went up to 94.50 per month and then I found out the head guy makes a whopping 395,000 per year. I dropped them and joined Planet Fitness for 10 bucks per month. They have all new equipment and everyone pays the same price. I loved the Y or the YMCA as it was called but that price tag put me out.
5	It seems I am working my way around to all of the YMCAs in the area.  When the kids go to dance, I have a few hours on my hand so I stopped shopping and went back to going to the Y.  What I love about this location is the cycle class on Monday nights at 5:30 with Janie L.  She is a beast in the classroom and it is usually pretty full!
4	I've been going to this YMCA for years and I've always enjoyed my experience. Very up to date facility with a great staff. There is something here for everyone. The only downside is that they don't have an indoor pool like other YMCA's in the area. Nevertheless this is a perfect location to fulfill all my fitness needs.
5	I absolutely love this place. It may lack lifting equipment but more than makes up for it with the family environment. Great family events, superb classes when you need a change, and TVs on all the cardio equipment.
