5	I came here looking for a fill and wax.I was greeted by  Kim who was very nice. She listened to how I like to my eyebrows and did great .  When it came to my nails she looked at them and said she's have to take them off and start fresh. I was a bit hesitant because i just wanted a fill but glad i listened because my 1.5 wk old set from a different shop came off with no effort. She did a fabulous job on them and i will be a returning customer!
2	I went in with my mother and a close friend to top off what was a fantastic girls day. It started off a little rocky with one of the pedicure chairs being broken. That wasn't too much of a problem, they switched me to another chair when it came available. After waiting quite some time to get my nails done, I was very happy with the outcome. And the wait was not a problem because we were in high spirits and they were under staffed (not their fault). The problem comes with how they handled business when my friend was unhappy with her nails. She got the gel colors ($20 extra to her mani/pedi) and when they were finished, the color was faded in some areas, and didn't even cover her entire nail. She wanted to just alert the nail technician that she was unhappy, and that she didn't have time to get them redone because they take to long and it was time to pick up her son from daycare. The lady became extremely rude and insulted. She then agreed to give my friend $10 off since she was unhappy, then 2 minutes later changed her mind for no reason at all. They were finally talked down a little bit, but it was such a hassle and they assured her that her nails were NOT messed up. My friend gets her nails done all the time and they never look like that. I have enjoyed this place for years and this experience, and the way my friend was treated puts a bad taste in my mouth. I may come back but it is highly unlikely and I will NEVER be helped by the technician my friend had. The gentleman and the young girl with the really long hair were great. The older woman has no sense of customer service.
1	the WORST experience EVER!! my finger is burnt because my nail tech decided that she wanted to put her drill on the HIGHEST speed possible! she was too busy watching her soap opera on a portable DVD player while doing my fill which caused my finger to bleed and have ALL my cuticles RAW. on top of all of this, she still has the nerve to upsale me & ask if I wanna do rhinestones or gel! as soon as she heard me say "no thanks," she did a CRAP paint job so she could move on to the next customer. i would NEVER recommend this place to anyone, not even my worst enemy. i should've been deferred by the displeasing look of the place, but being on a time crunch i foolishly thought it'd suffice (i learned my lesson)!
1	This is, far and away, one of the WORST nail places which I have ever been to in my entire life. The tools are unclean and  the women are unprofessional. DO NOT GO HERE!The woman who was doing my very simple manicure, clipped my cuticles so much that almost all of them were bleeding. She didn't bother to clear her tools after that. Everything here is dirty and gross. Save yourself the trouble and the money. Go somewhere else.
1	I just moved to the area and stopped in to this place to get a pedicure because there was a sign advertising $20 spa pedicure. I walked in asked how long she said right now and I picked a color. This is where it all went wrong. She had me sit in a chair and I put my feet into scalding water. I told her it was hot so she turned the knob and then it got cold. I then sat there for another twenty minutes while they finished the other customers. My feet were pruned and gross. She then performed a "spa pedicure" in 12 minutes. So rushed, painful and very aggressive. She didn't get the cuticles very well, she also didn't clip the nails that well and she didn't buff my heels. I got about a two second massage and then she painted and walked away. Unprofessional, dirty salon. The chair next to me started to flood because the girl was there so long and they got water all over my shoes. Just gross. Go somewhere else.
2	For one thing the chairs are falling apart and the bowl I put my feet in was dirty. As another yelper stated previously the technician was rough on my feet. The place has seen better days overall. The water was too hot and someone already said it she made a face when I told her. This place is awful. Save your money and go elsewhere. Going to a wedding today, too late to find another place.
2	Way to over priced and the employees there didn't seem like they cared about anything. Really distant feeling from them.
