2	Its a gay bar needs work  might get there someday
3	A nice addition to the ever-growing number of boys bars east of Central. Aside from the gratuitous obnoxious Karaoke/underwear nights, its a great neighborhood hangout bar with a pretty diverse clientele, as least compared to most Phoenix gay bars. I love Scott and Stacey as bartenders, but one of the other ones I had a less than stellar experience with. I haven't seen him since the first week they were open so hopefully they canned him. Wow was he a douche. I like what they did with the interior, but the back area around the fireplace could be a little more inviting. Right now it feels like dead space. I think with some more creative themed nights (enough with the underwear/karaoke/stripper nights people!) and better music (not every gay guy likes Rhianna, Brittney and Jordin Sparks, over and over) this place could become one of the better hangout spots.Great potential!
2	This bar reminded us of the " Mos Eisley Cantina " .. you know... the bar featured in the Star Wars movie... where Han Solo is found. Strange place... large, very much a renovation in progress.. and has been for quite sometime. I think they are attempting to duplicate the interior of "1313 Mockingbird Lane"... I've been told that this bar was owned by the same people who own Amsterdam.. which I find hard to believe since its SUCH a departure from Amsterdam. I was told by a friend to check this place out ( again ) ... that it got allot better... hmmm not sure what he meant by that. I was hoping that Stacy would be working, since I heard he was working there... but much to our dismay he was not. The drinks were decent, although unsure why they have 2 or 3 different styles of "rocks" glasses, we kept getting our drinks mixed up. I'm gonna try this bar again.. maybe during the week for happy hour.. Maybe I just went on an off night and update the review...
4	Bar One has recently completed their new outdoor patio to the south of the building, and it is very nice.  No longer do you have to sit under that ancient blue umbrella on 16th Street.  The interior also looks good.  I usually go on Wednesday nights, which are undie nights, where you can often find me playing pool.  I like both bartenders, and they are fast and attentive.  The drinks are good and the clientele interesting, to say the least.  Another yelper mentioned "Mos Eisley Cantina" which had me roaring laughing, as there is some truth to that, although Alec Guiness' famous line "a more wretched hive of scum and villainy you will not find" may not apply.  In any event, go and have fun.  The fun factor is high here, and in the final analysis, that matters most.
3	So its Friday night..... There wasn't anywhere in particular we had to be... so we decided to drive around down town phoenix and find a new bar to check out... and we rolled up on this place... we saw that the parking lot was full for the most part so where like.. sweet... we start walking up and bam.... to our surprise its a gay bar. awkward only by the simple fact that we didn't know... so we go inside and i must say... i loved it... the ceiling looked like a pirate ship.. well kinda to me anyways lol they had wooden beams and chandelier's... They have a couple of pool tables... good music and lots of places to sit.. hang out and relax... the back patio had a lot of nice comfy furniture.... nice lighting and palm trees... its was really nice... and the Bartender was hilarious!!!!!!! The bathroom... well um lets just say ill go before i leave my house next time around
3	BOY WAS MY INSTINCT WRONG OF THIS PLACE! That statement can easily go either way. I was in the "hood" looking for another bar in this location as we came across "Bar 1". The parking lot gave the impression things were poppin here so we decided to stop by, check it out, have a few drinks and roll to one of our other intended destinations. As we approached the door, someone was walking out and naturally I greeted the gentleman instantly ONLY to notice he was walking out holding another gentlemans hand! We let the door close, no one inside saw us and we immediately looked at eachother with the same look and  question, "I think it's a gay bar! What do we do?!" Although I'm straight and respect any persons choice of lifestyle, I said, "Hell, gay people are usually a pretty funny breed, maybe this can be fun!" so we walked in. FIVE HOURS LATER!!! I'm kidding! we didn't hang out there THAT long but we did kill about and hour and a half there. I think my natural "manliness" scared off most of the customers but I did nothing to encourage that. The bartender was way cool and funny, even though he took a few stabs at hitting on me. That was funny too. The interior was dark and they had these really cool light fixtures that looked like they came from a castle in the mid-evil times. They also accommodate pool players with what I remember being one table and the patio had an awesome beach/tropical resort feel to it with access to the bar from out there! Great job on that; very relaxing and welcoming! Overall, my experience here went quite well. It may have been an off night when we stopped by (haven't quite established within myself if that was a good thing or not yet) and the drinks were fairly priced. If you are straight and open minded, this is an okay place to chill and have a few drinks. ***Da Bafroom: Mama always sed, "Don't use da restroom at a gay bar!" *Forrest Gump voice* Personally, I was quite disappointed there weren't any "Glory Holes" (I'M KIDDING!) but a piece of advice to any ladies visiting this 1 1/2 star break room. There is only ONE restroom facility in this establishment! If you don't mind sharing the restroom with other men, gimme a call and I'll meet you there! ;) It's a small room, one stall, one urinal and a sink. Nothing fancy but not the worst I've ever experienced either
3	This Amsterdam owned bar on 16th St and Thomas does it right as a neighborhood gay bar. The overall vibe at this place is that it's a place for friends and couples to just hang out, chill, maybe play pool, and enjoy a few inexpensive drinks. No one here acts like a diva or the next stripper act. It's a small space, with one bar that accessible both inside and outside on the patio. There's a jukebox altho they do play music, it's kinda dark in some corner and the bathrooms are tiny. No cover and parking gets limited at times. It's a good place just for drinks, but you still need to head over to Amsterdam or Charlies if you wanna dance coz this isn't the place for that.
3	Stopped in here for a little post-dinner drink, as my man just moved to the neighborhood and we wanted to check it out! We had no idea it was a gay bar but that doesn't bother us in the least.  The bartender (his name escapes me but I wished I could remember!) was great and had a good suggestion for a martini that I enjoyed. There are a few pool tables and kind of a cool seating area in the back full of an eclectic assortment of comfy looking chairs and couches. As we were discussing all the electronic candles around the bar the bartender slyly flicked them all off at once with a light switch, which gave me a little giggle :] I'd definitely go back.
3	Drove by and thought we would check it out, I didn't know it was a gay bar. i like what they did to the place, it has great energy level, the people were nice and funny NO MORE manicures on Mondays but my girl i stayed for their $5 Martini'sand we will be back next week
4	I love this place! Stacey the tender is hit or miss on crankiness but Thurs are 2 for 1 drinks!! and there are always dollar jello shots. Cool bar but stay away if you are a homophobe. It is primarily a gay bar. Ive had many men buy me drinks here which is always a plus. Divey yet hip at the same time. Could use a wash down kinda sticky..no food just chips or beef jerkey u can buy for a cpl of bucks. Really good music.
5	Great outdoor patio to relax with friends, great music...must try the "Champini's"  yum yum!!
3	My favorite neighborhood place.  Do you crave those rececession cheap cocktail specials.  Thursday nights are 2 for 1's.  Stacey and Nathan are great bar tenders and the music is really good.  If you are expecting a high profile nightclub, move on, but if you want a nice laid back place with an eclectic crowd of mo's and straights drop in.  Bathrooms are bit rough around the edges, but again as long as you keep perspective youll be fine and don't forget to use soap!  I love its so close to my home, just in case I need to stumble home those few blocks if needed or its close in case happy hour becomes happy evening ;-)
5	This is the spot, You would never know how comfy this spot was til you get inside. Music's a little loud for being such a chill place.If it ever rains, just go straight to the living room/sitting area and there's a little fireplace, couches, little table.The coolest thing is there's a tv on the cieling always playing adult swim, if you think i'm joking go stop in and see.
3	We always seem to wind up here on Thursdays when it's 2-for-1 when we've already had too much too drink. I'm surprised poor Nathan hasn't 86d us yet! Fun place to hang out, everyone here is friendly and laid back and there's no attitude. There really is something here for everyone: They have pool tables, darts and other games. There is a cool lounge area to hang out and chill if you're feeling more low key and they have an awesome patio. It's a gay bar so expect to hear lots of Madonna and Lady Gaga, so you may love the tunes they play or you may hate them. Other than that though, fun place to hangout and definitely OK for a mixed crowd.
5	I've had a post (not a flatering one) about this place and I'm have to admit that this place is my favorite place to relax and unwind! The bar staff are friendly and attentive and the patio is very nice for socializing. Stacey and the rest of the crew make it a fun place to be!
2	Wasn't impressed at all.
5	I LOVE this place. Not pretentious, just fun. The prices are good and the bartenders are awesome! I come maybe four or five times a year now that I moved to the 'burbs, but they always remember me. The owner redid the ladies room, and it is much nicer now. The patio is comfy, and was also recently redone. Bar 1 is basically an upscale neighborhood bar that doesn't act too big for its britches. I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
5	I live way the hell out in Surprise, so I only get to this place every now and then or when I have to be downtown for something else.  Every time I have stopped in has been a good experience.  Bartenders are awesome, friendly, and know how to pour a great drink.  This is my alltime favorite Phoenix bar, just above Stacy's on my "must go" list.
4	I like bar 1! Especially on Thursdays buy 1, get 1 deal. Their drinks are already affordable, so we always save a ton when we go there. Calm but fun atmosphere. A dive but not sleazy and it's clean!
4	So Bar 1 holds a special place in my heart! I wished I lived closer since this would be a regular place I would frequent. The only reason Bar 1 has not received 5 stars is because their bathroom is horribly small but I do appreciate how cute it is. The bar service was great and the prices were even better. Although this bar is considered a gay bar I love how inclusive it is everyone. I have had bad experiences in the past but Bar 1 surpassed my expectations. The atmosphere is fantastic and welcoming. I thoroughly enjoyed both the inside and the outside areas. The pool tables were not over crowded for a Saturday night and everyone was so friendly. My only wish is that it was in my neighborhood! I will be going again soon and recommend it to anyone :)
5	Great neighborhood bar, I live up the street. I notice an increasing number of straight couples some nights, that feel comfortable to be in a neighborhood gay bar and interact with everyone. The smoking patio is great, the way it is set up, any smoke dissipates so non smokers are not uncomfortable. It has heaters in the winter and air coolers in the summer. Thursday 2 for 1 and Friday nights are the best. The staff and owners are very welcoming to everyone. To correct prior posts, one of the owners was a prior not current partner in Amsterdam (now The Bar) quite a while ago.
3	Nice bar but they need to rotate the music videos (less 90s dance) more and have the jukebox allowed to play more in the evenings!
5	This place has friendly staff, a great vibe, fun music, pool tables, outdoor patio, clean bathrooms, and good drinks.
3	Thank you Nate for suggesting the raspberry addition to our Bellinis! They made them even more delicious ( if that is even possible) So why a three star review? This place is DARK, I mean seriously dark. If you were looking to do something naughty you could more than likely get away with in in this place as that is how dark the bar is. Even the bathroom was dark, however luckily there was a light over the toilet but still wow! But the service and the drinks were good soooo hmm yea... :) Did I mention dark? LOL!
5	Bar 1 is my version of Cheers. Friendly bartenders, chill atmosphere and best drink specials. 2-4-1 yes please! Great place to relax and hang with friends. Outside patio, pool tables, also dog friendly.
