4	Yummy coffee at an independently owned place. It's right by the fountain, so there are great views. They give a discount to the high school kids, which puts them one above Starbucks. Plus, they have card and board games!
5	this place is the reason why i had the wonderful idea to open my own coffee shop. they have quality coffee, not bitter, very smooth.  they have cute names for the drinks.  though i don't like banana, it's rad that the banana mocha is called the monkey and the engineer.their pastries are very large, decent price.  haven't tried them though.they close at 6pm, so it's best to just stop by in the afternoon, sit out back and just chill.
5	Was visiting the fountain with some out of town friends and came across this coffee shop. Great location and staff and great selection of drinks as well as free wi-fi. The shop is long and narrow but seating is comfortable and modern. I would definitely ask Ashley to whip you up a drink. She made an excellent Milkyway one for me. I'm not a coffee fan per se but for anyone in the Fountain Hills area,  this is a great location to go to.
2	I have to admit that the Chai from here is incredible. Great tasting and comes close to trumping Cave Creek Coffee Company's version of a great summer drink. However, charging over $5 for a SMALL blended Chai with soy milk borders on outrageous when similar drinks at Coffee Plantation, The Coffee Bean price a lot less. As well, I've found the service lacking. From questions about the varieties of coffee they serve to asking my drink be made a certain way always seem to elicit an unfriendly response. i.e. I'm putting him out by asking the question/request
3	Ohhhh, Noooo!  They're closed.  I really liked Mountainview and will miss them VERY much!
5	Mountain View has been REOPENED. I just enjoyed a nice morning at Mountain View Coffee at Fountain Park. A generous warm homemade cinnamon roll, fresh dark coffee and a great setting and friendliness made for a great stop that I recommend to others. Say hello to Belle the gracious new owner whom you'll recognize by her warm German accent. Did I mention Mountain View Coffee has the best location in Arizona with views of Mountains, World Famous Fountain and adjacent to the popular Fountain Park walking paths.
5	So happy that this place has reopened with a lovely new owner. Perfect location, delicious coffee and pastries. Everyone in Fountain Hills has to go check it out!! Beautiful!
5	I just went here for the first time a week ago (visiting my parents who just moved to FH). A++Great location, view of the fountain, outside seating, nice decor inside, really wonderful owner and a big menu of pastries, croissant, sandwiches, Italian sodas, and coffee.I had the egg salad sandwich (the croissant and egg salad was SO FRESH!!) with a side of potato salad was probably one of the top 3 potato salads I've ever had!I also got an iced mocha which was just the way I like it, on the sweet side.I had my 14 month old daughter with me so I also shared the potato salad with her and ordered a yogurt with granola.  This was no ordinary McDonalds yogurt parfait - it was so delicious I had to have some too!One gripe (that could be easily fixed by the owner) - PLEASE BUY ONE HIGHCHAIR for your guests to use.  We would love to come back often (as we go see grandma/grandpa) but I can't take another lunch with her on my lap:)
5	I just got the house coffee, and it was mighty tasty. I loved the calm and friendly atmosphere. I wish I could have hung out longer. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
5	New owners have really improved this business offering coffee, cold drinks, pastries and more. Highly recommended with excellent customer service (they really care about how you want your drink) and a wider selection.
5	Good espresso and a nice view of the fountain if it's cool enough to be outside.  They are pet-friendly.  The obvious highlight of my trip to Mountain View Coffee Co, however, were something like "flax seed bites"--I forget the actual name.  But they were cookie-type bakery items which had featuring a ton of flax seed, I'm guessing some almond and vanilla.  Tasted amazing!  And available for the low, low price of 75 cents!  Now THAT is a deal!
2	It pains me to visit this place!!  It has such potential, but no owners with business sense or vision.  Perfect location, great atmosphere, but nothing else!  In the last 3 weeks I have stopped in a handful of times, NEVER any fresh bakery!!!  Lunch??  Egg salad, tuna salad and chicken salad!  Seriously??  Am I at the old age home???  They have this fantastic convection oven, and NOTHING is ever being baked in it!  Who could resist walking by and not stopping in if they smelled fresh cinnamon rolls or fresh baked cookies??  How hard can that be?  I overheard the owner saying, business has been slow, really??  I can give you two dozens reason why!   It's painful to watch another business in FH fail!!!  To own a business you actually have to work, work really hard!  These owners don't seem like they are willing to do that to make it.
5	Sweet little shop, great service, great location and awesome espresso. Try their cappuccino it's delicious
4	3/18/13 - wanted to grab some coffee before our walk. Stumbled on Mountain View Coffee Co. Barista was extremely friendly. Coffee was good. Iced tea (pomegranate) was a nice surprise.
5	It's a beautiful little shop. Locally owned. Their coffee is AZ local and pretty good (better tasting than the Bux). Espresso is fantastic. And right next to an amazing park. Worth the stop.
4	I had a smoothie. not a coffee but it was nice and the woman that runs the place was really friendly.
1	Don't be deceived!  The food is from Costco, that oven isn't baking anything!!  Just bought the Halloween cookies yesterday myself from Costco and saw the apple bars and cinnamon rolls right next to them!  Why??? I just don't get this place!!!
4	Came in here for WIFI access. Turns out to be a gem. Clean, little coffee shop with great service. It serves all kinds of syrups for Italian soda as well as for coffee. Almond milk and soy milk as a substitute for dairy milk are available as well. The shop had some pretty tasty pumpkin chocolate chip muffin for the Thanksgiving / Halloween season.
1	Went in at 11:50am on a Sunday to grab an ice tea...there was a guy waiting to have a drink made so I stood in line next to him. The guy making the drink didnt say anything to me...another patron walked in and they started chatting it up...I guess I was invisible... I left...
2	Full Disclosure: I was fired today from Mountain View Coffee.  As an employee?  Nope, as a near daily, year-long customer who dropped $7-$10 per day and always tipped - interesting, huh? I'll nevertheless attempt to be balanced here.  Pros:  Charming, cozy surroundings, good espresso, a few very tasty home-baked items made by personable, hardworking young staff members. Male co-owner also unfailingly friendly, great with customers and staff. Cons: Food overpriced - particularly the baked goods from Costco. Lunch sandwiches made from scratch but overpriced ($7.25 for egg salad, really?) Worst Con: Female owner with astonishingly bad attitude. Openly chastises her employees, is suspicious of customers, incredibly stingy, and, as another patron observed, creates an "unpleasant, negative atmosphere." Why was I fired?  For having the temerity to complain.  This woman appears to dislike feedback of any kind, but an actual complaint sends her reeling. One day recently when I mentioned my "loyalty card" (buy 10, get one free) had not been stamped earlier, she gave me a distinct "you're lying" look.  I asked to speak with her today and explained  hat her reaction of mistrust offended me. When I further observed that she seemed to trust no one, her response was, "I don't".  Wow!  Great attitude for a down-home coffee shop owner.Bottom line - nice place, but keep any observations, complaints or even constructive feedback or suggestions  to yourself.  And whatever you do, don't ask for your loyalty card to be stamped.
2	This place is just ok. One of the things I really like is the fact that they have almond milk. That's unique and I hope Starbucks will follow.I went here and ordered an Americano. It was really good and didn't taste burnt...until I got to the end where the drink was very gritty. The cups they use are also really cheap and burn your hand even with the sleeve on it. I went in right before closing, which is at 5pm. The bathroom was kind of dirty and there weren't any paper towels. Stuff like that annoys the heck out of me. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and say it's because they were busy due to the Great Fair being in town. I also liked their POS unit. I know that sounds kinda geeky but they use the Square where the employee rings up the item, flips it around and you enter your tip amount and sign with your finger. There are no annoying receipts or anything like that. It's pretty cool if you ask me.
4	Stopped in once for an iced coffee, and it was quality stuff.  A little pricey but enjoyable.  The decor is so Fountain Hills that I had to chuckle about it.  Retirement quotes?  Amazing.  I'll stop by again next time I'm in town, but won't go too far out of my way for it.
4	Beautiful ambience, tasty, traditional coffee, and kind, helpful service. Modern-style coffee house with a gorgeous view. Great hot chocolate, pleasant cashier woman, and robust, rich roast. Great experience at Mtn. View Coffee!
5	This is just the kind of place Mike and I love with indoor and outdoor seating, friendly staff and good coffee and tea and free wifi. Serving some hot and cold foods as well it's a great place to hang out.
5	Stop in here after dismounting the aluminum steed up at McDowell Mountain Park. Great coffee, free wifi and excellent view of the giant fountain on Fountain Lake. A lot of old people and rich people, but hey, this is their territory.
4	Great service and great view from the outdoor seating area.
5	My new favorite local joint in Fountain Hills. Really love the menu items and the service is awesome! Support this local gem and see what I am talking about!
5	Great coffee and espressoClean and niceHospitable tooGood lactation to relaxNice back patio and viewsWe make a point of stoppingWe visit often as a day trip out of ScottsdaleThank you for being there We wish you the bestAn asset to the community
3	Me and my wife stopped in for some coffee and breakfast this morning.  I would consider this as an average place to stop into with a no frills approach.  The signs on the wall gave us a chuckle and the owners seemed a little spacey except for some of the regulars.  We regretted not trying the pizza place behind here which was packed for breakfast and had coffee for a dollar
