3	If my husband was doing a review on Sears, without a doubt he would give it 5-stars!  He loves Sears...but he is the handy one in our relationship!  Whenever we've gone here, we've always found what we needed....whether it was something for the kitchen refrigerator or a garage door opener.  My parents also bought all of their new appliances from Sears.  Very helpful sales woman...made sure they had the proper warranty, etc. on everything.On the other hand...I really like their clothing section!  I think it's because it's so unexpected...Who would think Sears of all places would have cute dresses?!  Not sure if this has always been the case but some of their stuff if really cute.  And they have great sales!  Not somewhere I make a destination to shop...but when I'm there with my husband or parents I've always found a good deal on a cute tee or dress!
1	Oh no......my ice maker is on the fritz.....no ice. I google appliance repair in Vegas because my old go-to company have disappeared. Sears? Household name.....you can book online. Sounds good right?Not so fast.The guy arrives after a phone call to verify what type of ice maker , freestanding or in the fridge. Good guy , clean , polite and capable. On the website they say $70  for estimate. The guy identifies a bad pump, this is where you have to trust your guy. New pump or can you clean out/fix the old one. What do you think he said? Obvious . "New pump and I've got it on the van" " what a surprise!" .He then logs into his laptop " $506" says the guy.   WTF? The pump is $225 plus labor, tax etc!!!!!What a joke!So if you want to be completely ripped off by a company, Sears are highly recommended, this is not a dig at the repair guy, he just works for these clowns. The job was quickly completed and I now have ice but my goodness, I think I could have flown to the Arctic circle with a cooler, chipped some ice out of a glacier and flown home for less money. BEWARE.
1	About as bad as it gets. I have two service contracts that contracted with sears, both times the service tech went to the wrong address and refused to call to verify address.  After almost an hour on hold, sears off shore rep could only schedule a repair almost a week later.  Sears is terrible, stay away.
