5	i really like this little place. the servers and bartenders are always super nice, and the sushi is on the same "signature" rolls you would see at Ra. they also have other stuff like rice dishes and such for non sushi fans, and it's cheap!they do HH from 4 to 7 and 11 to 1 every day, sweet! oh, and they have a free video jukebox. you get a list of some vids kind of like your sushi card, mark the ones you want to see and give it to the server or Dj and viola! you get to see and hear your song. pretty cool.inside and outside seating, very hip-ly decorated, def catering to the younger crowd (same as RA).
5	Have to agree with Lauren V. Great place with pretty awesome sushi. Best atmosphere of any sushi place in the area and reasonable prices. The service was great and we never had to wait to get our drinks refreshed. Two thumbs WAY up!
4	"Tanked Fish" is one of my favorite places in the neighborhood and we frequent it often. Rolls are of a great quality and there are some rather unusual and pleasantly different ones there. Price is very reasonable. And drinks selection, if not overly excessive, is "Cool".  Place is not riddled with kids, like many other places are, and you can actually kick back and have a conversation there.One one of the weekday evenings they have this special thing where you can request your musical choice from this rather large list. Its real neat. What else is neat - their happy hour on Wednesday (I am not sure what day exactly to be honest. Call them if you really want to know.), when drinks, starters and most rolls are 1/2! This really makes a huge difference. I gave this place 4 starts. This is pretty much as high as it goes for me for this. "I like"Eugene
2	Eh.....Tuesday night all rolls and apps are 1/2 offThe inside of this place is great btw.  I like the decor and music and drinks... hooray.The sushi... well.... lets just say I was happy it was 1/2 off.I would have preferred RAI found the entire place to be rather.... well.... let's just say I think it'd be a good place for a beginner sushi eater to try.Their rolls mostly contain fake crab.... shrimp.... pretty unexciting things.  They didn't have Uni at all....Their salmon nigiri was the smallest salmon nigiris I've EVER seen.  Like, the salmon was 1/2 an inch long.... but it did taste good.Their appetizers were a bit disappointing.  We tried the garlic edamame, and it was weird.We tried the crab puffs and they were standard iffy chinese restaurant style.i'll probably go back, just cause I live in the 'Tuke... but... Yeah, I was disappointed.
3	I was in Phoenix for business and craving sushi, so I turned to my ol' buddy yelp.  There were a lot of good reviews for this place, so I gave it a shot.The venue is really cool; the back of the bar are all windows that open up to the patio outside to make it a double sided bar, 1/2 inside and 1/2 outside bar.  The decor is all modern with flat screens all over the place.The food was decent.  I got the Tanked Fish roll and a couple pieces of salmon nigiri.  The nigiri pieces were smaller than I expected, as was the roll.  It wasn't the best sushi, but the staff was very friendly and nice.The prices are fair, and they even have happy hour specials on rolls and drinks.  I would go back.
2	This place is a complete waste of time unless you enjoy beginner 'sushi' and like the ambiance of what I imagine the Sandals, Jamaica buffet to feel like.  Their sushi rolls are tiny, amateurish, and uninventive.  Edemame is unnecessarily seasoned with oils and sprinkles to rouse the uninitiated palate.  This is the poor man's version of Sting Ray in the tempered version of Scottsdale; Ahwatukee.  Their bar has a potentially interesting setup that looks outward onto Warner, but then again, the views affords a sweet look at Goodyear, Big O Tires, Jiffy Lube, and the several Chrysler Sebrings that the upper-working-class of the Tuke plant in the Tanked Fish's asphalt lot.
3	SUNDAY SUSHI: Ah, when the sushi crave strikes... What's a gal to do? Well, why not meet a friend out for a drink and some raw fish? Sounds like a plan!It was 'round 8:30 on a Sunday night when I arrived. There were a few patrons at the bar - both the liquor and sushi bar - as well as outside on the patio. Immediately I was asked what I'd like to drink. I tried their House Cab and it was good! Off to a great start... DECOR:Bamboo shoots as an interior design element. I can appreciate that. I like how the main bar separates the indoor dining from the outside patio. So if you sit at the main bar, you get the best of both worlds. There's also a sushi bar to sit at inside, if you prefer to be face-to-face with your sushi chef. RAW FISH:I tried their mackerel. It was just okay. The Philly roll had too much cream cheese for my liking, but if that's your thing, you'd probably enjoy it. I liked their yellow tail roll with avocado, wrapped in soy paper. It was refreshing. We also had seared beef, wrapping around apples and bean sprouts. This was surprisingly good, although the apple slice overpowered the slice of beef. However, as far as the quality goes, I would not say this is the best sushi I've had. That's why I suggest that if you're in the area, you can go here. It's a safe bet. Yet if you don't live in the area, don't waste your gas and time coming here. There are far better sushi options elsewhere. The edamame was great, though. It was a huge portion, too. THE COST:Reasonable! You can get a roll for $6 or enjoy certain nigiri for $5. They have other "fancier" rolls that range between $10 and $13.I was pleased to find that I can have 2 glasses of wine and split a fair amount of sushi for $25. THE PLUS SIDE:While sitting at the bar, my friend and I watched some great videos from the likes of Death Cab for Cutie, The Shins and Rogue Wave.THE KILLJOY:We cringed through a few rap/hip hop videos that were your stereotypical "girls undressed" variety. PARTING THOUGHTS:If you're in the area, this is a good option for lunch, happy hour or dinner. Take note that this place can get busy during peak hours.If you prefer a quieter experience, go here on a Sunday evening. They close 'round 10 p.m. though.
5	Tanked Fish is really fantastic.  I don't go to Awatukee much (except to visit my Aunt and Uncle who live there) and expected it to be far, but I was surprised how close it was (only about 10min from Mill Avenue in Tempe).The sushi tastes good.  The edamame is delicious and an order is big enough to share. There's other things on the menu for non-fish lovers (but the primary fare is sushi).I was shocked by the warm and dare I say (at the expense of sounding like my mother) "hip" setting.  A giant light structure stretches across the ceiling to illuminate the place with a nice glow.  The music (streamed music videos over flat screens) can be a little loud, but in general it's really good and doesn't get in the way of conversation.  There was one night they played some weird metal that I wasn't very familiar with (and kind of harsh for dinner music), but that's the only time the music has disappointed me.BEST PART: Tuesday & Thursday ALL DAY Happy Hour!  Almost all the sushi is 1/2 off, all appetizers 1/2 off, great drink specials.  It's basically amazing considering how great this place is.Desserts are fantastic as well (mmm...chocolate cake). and did I mention they have SWEET POTATO FRIES???  Now, I love that :)Service is extremely helpful & friendly.  PLUS it's open late
2	I suppose the upside of a bad first date is that i've now tried a new restaurant to Yelp about, and I didn't even have to pay!The atmosphere:I really liked the look and feel of this place. There was a large patio which was quite full of folks enjoying the nice weather we have right now. We sat inside the restaurant which was not as crowded. The colors and decor are trendy, with a relaxed vibe. The music selection was very good, though much too loud. The food:We started with the crab puffs. I'm not sure what the dipping sauce was that they came with but my date seemed to like it. I, however, was not a fan.  Next was the sushi. We ordered California rolls and Las Vegas rolls. Not very adventurous, I know, but they even managed to go wrong with these basics! I would have to declare these the worst sushi rolls I've ever had. Dessert - the saving grace. We ordered the green tea ice cream and I was surprised when they brought such a large bowl to the table! This was quite enjoyable.While I won't be back here for sushi, I can see where this may be a good place to have a cocktail or two. Some of the selections on the drink menu sounded quite good, and very reasonable happy hour prices. I refrained from trying any though since I was with someone who doesn't drink.
3	This again to me would be a 3 1/2 star place.  I love going on Tues nights after 10pm for the reverse happy hour.  Great atmosphere. This is the sister place of Maddi G's which is on the other side. This place has way better atmosphere though as no one is ever in the other place.Great place to take a date late night I think.  Also great to go with friends or even just late night to get some atmosphere or half price tuna rolls.Their is a waitress Sarah who just left who is unbelievably delightful and friendly. Such a nice girl. I loved it that she was like my personal waitress when ever I went. (its great to make friends) I am so bummed I am not going to see her and like the crummy guy I am I never tried to get her number. (kicking myself)Bar is cool and I love the videos they play.  Only place I have ever seen or heard of Mickey Avalaon and still  crack up when his video comes on.
4	So I had to throw  out love to my favorite watering hole and the hiddem gem in Phoenix for SUSHI! This is the place I usually come to relax and unwind! I am trying to get into the whole sushi menu slowly, so I hopped in here. Then I came in love with the place! Definately a place that doesn't get much publicity, i thought was just a small local bar I had to try! but boy was i surprised. I guess i came at tht best time, which was happy hour of course (big fan!!) the regular 4-7 stuff. But little did i know it was going to be happy hour ALL DAY! they call it TANKED TUESDAY! geez... i was so happy to see everything HALF PRICED!! and drink specials, domestic beer only 2$... About a few california rolls and about 3 beers, and who knows how many bombers i was about ready to call it a night! i appreciated the GREAT SERVICE and the taxi call and ride home. I left satisfied with only spending about 40 bucks of course most of it left for tip!  Good times
2	LAME.  I can't give them a review of their food, because we weren't actually able to procure any.  We went at 11pm on Saturday, after a show, looking to stuff ourselves full of fish and get in on that happy hour deal, too.  Not so.We get there, sit down, and wait for about 5 minutes until the waitress, who obviously saw us when we first walked in, got around to coming over and taking our order.  She wasn't bringing any menus with her, which I already found irksome.  The first thing she said was that the kitchen was closed and they're not serving any food.  "But we have half-price beers," she added happily, as if some goddamn brew was going to absolve my stomach of mind-bending hunger.  So I said to her, "your menu online - and here in the lobby - says you have 1/2 price rolls and other items from 11pm-1am daily".  She just kind of shrugged and again said something about the kitchen being closed for the night.  Trying to keep from overturning the sushi bar itself, I asked her if there were any places in the area still open to eat.  "Hmm...did you want sushi?"  I stared blankly.  Well, sweetheart, we DID come HERE.  What the f^&* do you think we want, Mexican?  She directed us to Ra Sushi a couple streets over which we went to, but had also just stopped serving food for the evening.  Go figure.  In summation, 2 stars for the direct conflict this place has with their own goddamn advertised kitchen hours, and the uninformed, non-communicative staff.
5	I think my scream of glee could be heard across the world when I found this place!  This Vine turned 1/2 restuarant of the day (Badda Boom then Maddie G's..what's next?) and 1/2 sushi/fantastic patio bar is such a score for us "east valley" folks....They have great drinks and sushi, never tried anything else. You can't beat a drink in a fish bowl and it's just doggone fun to say "guppie cup"!
5	Im usually here on Tuesdays or Thursdays, and some weeks, both! 1/2 price sushi, appetizers, and drinks on those days. Their sushi is delicious, and they have a wide variety. My fav rolls are the Philly and the Las Vegas, both found on the 1/2 price menu. They also have a lot of no sushi food for you haters :-) The atmosphere is very cool, I love the fishing rod looking chandelier in the middle of the place. The waiters and waitresses are fun and friendly as well.
4	After working 12 hour days all week, I really needed a break, so I jumped at the chance to hit up sushi with some friends.  We met at the Tanked Fish around 5 on a Thursday to take advantage of their great happy hour - from 4:00 pm to close on Thursday!Service was great and friendly - the bartender immediately greeted me and waited while I decided what to have.  I ended up going with the Sake Bomber - $4.25 for a GIANT bottle of Kirin and the hot sake.  Only complaint with this was that they give you a giant beer glass, and I prefer the shorter ones like they use at Kona.My friend had the Guppy Bowl, a giant fish bowl filled with blue!  Apparently it has 5 or 6 types of alcohol in it, and for around $5 it's a total steal.  I declined trying it as I was afraid I would go on a Guppy Bowl binge, and wake up 5 years from now, living in a box, wondering where it all went so wrong.Sushi time, caterpillar, dragon, eel, tuna rolls all good, solid picks.  The rolls were nice sized, and put together quite well.  All the typical stuff came with it.  The portions on the cooked appetizers like the coconut shrimp looked decent too.  Overall good sushi, but when you add in the value, totally worth it.They actually had enough stuff on their menu I think it will take several visits to try everything.  Any place that has such a great happy hour is worth additional visits.
4	Honestly, this place is about getting hammered. And you can certainly do that through wonderfully tasty,giant beverages that are at great prices during their happy hours. The food isn't too bad either, but I've had better Japanese around town. In general, it's pretty cool with a friendly staff and a very relaxed atmosphere. It's a place to check out for sure.
5	it makes me really sad to see so many poor reviews for this place because i had an excellent dining experience here and hope to have many more. to those who didn't enjoy their tanked fish visit, i'd suggest you give it another go.my favorite thing about sushi is the happy hour and i appreciate any sushi place that offers a good deal on sushi. ALL DAY on tuesdays and thursdays tanked offers about 10 rolls on their happy hour - plus $5 "guppy bowls" (i'll explain this in a moment). plus half off sake and and other such spirits. now this guppy bowl thing is served in a plastic fishbowl ice cold and consists of about 7 or 8 different drinks/liquors. they shove a big straw in the middle and dare you to finish it before all of your friends do. ONE of these had me buzzing. quite possibly the most amazing drink i've ever been served at a restaurant..the only thing it was lacking was fake fish floating in it. to start we picked the edamame, which we were told could be topped with spicy buffalo sauce. these were eye-watering and tongue burning hot, but delicious none-the-less. we ordered 6 different rolls - the las vegas, the cougar, spicy crab, spicy tuna, spicy salmon, philly, and the classic california roll. all were on happy hour except the las vegas ($13) and cougar ($14). i'd say the las vegas was definately the best, closely followed by the cougar, which was a mix of crab, shrimp, and something else, wrapped in cucumber (instead of soy paper). all of the other rolls were equally delicious, fresh, and perfectly sized. 3 of us split all of these rolls plus 3 guppy bowls and it was $25 each (including tip).too bad this place isn't more centrally located (like in phoenix), but its worth the drive.
5	"tanked fish is now closed due to economic recession."my excitement for cheap delicious sushi and guppy bowl goodness was deflated into a shriveling sack of sadness on this tuesday evening.so in honor of tanked's unbeatable happy hour, sweet atmosphere, and splendid sushi, i shall say my final words and wave goodbye solemnly as yet another incredible phoenix restaurant goes under the table due to poor economic conditions caused by politicians running amuck and unchecked in washington. i've had enough guppy bowls from you to fill an aquarium. not to mention fish to fill it with.may you and your delicious bowls of blue alcoholic wonderousness (i never knew quite what was in them) rest in peace.
