4	A very cool gym at Pitt ... It's spacious, lots of natural light, many cardio & weight machines and a good number of racquetball courts. They are also great about leaving out disinfectant wipes for people to help clean up. You will get a pre-workout walking up "cardiac hill" to get to there, but I suppose your upper thigh areas will thank you.I think the gym is only for students, so you get a steady crowd of freshman and twenty-somethings who are more focused on their own physique, instead of various versions of Older Lurchy Guy - you know, that dude who has ulterior motives for showing to the big-chain health clubs.If you can get in, go get your workout on!!!
3	Pro-Good hours, early to lateGood amount of cardio equipRacketball court, dance studio, showersGood Dumbell setsPower-cage squat racksPlenty of free weights and machinesCon-Extremely crowded during peak hours, which is pretty much 4-7pm most of the school yearCrappy benchs for bench press-none of which are "one-piece" construction, all are designed to be flat and inclined benches with a hole right where your ass should sit....you kinda have to see it to appreciate Nothing is lined up to the ceiling or walls, which makes for some awkward and off balanced squatting and benchingNo Glute-Ham situp machineInferior in pretty much every way for weightlifting when compared to nearby trees hall.and did I mention crowded as hell
4	The Petersen Arena is a somewhat new stadium built on Pitt's campus.  It's mostly used for Pitt Basketball and concerts.  In fact, the first act to play here was Counting Crows in 2002.  As far as college arenas are concerned, it's a pretty good one.  The sightlines are pretty good and as for the sound, well that depends on who you see.  I'm a Pitt grad myself and I've been to a few basketball games here. So anyway, I was here for the Robert Plant and Band of Joy concert along with my brother Paul and my father Robert.  Bro and I went halfsies on Dad's Christmas gift, and since Dad's a huge music fan like I am, we thought this'd be a great gift.  Being that this was Robert Plant, it was a heavy sale and we had to content ourselves with seats in sec. 103, at an angle to the stage and on the other end of the arena.No matter, it was a fantastic show.  Why is it that some older artists are content to coast on hits of 30-40 years ago, each time sounding a little more worse for the wear?  Whereas other artists keep moving their careers forward and still obviously enjoy what they are doing?  Robert Plant falls into the latter catagory.  He's been expolring the roots of American Music these past few years, particularly with Alison Krauss (which was a show I would have loved to have seen when they came through).  But this was an evening of a LOT of covers and he opened up with "Gallows Pole", performing a version closer to the original than the one his "previous" band (the one with the initials LZ) did.  So he opened up with a cover of a song his old band covered.  And to my Chicago Yelp friend Melanie, sorry but he did do "Angel Dance", itself a cover of a Los Lobos song.  Being that I'm a 90s chick who grew up in part on Alt Country, I was amazed to hear a version of Uncle Tupelo's "Satan, Your Kingdom Must Come Down."The whole evening was a mix of rock, gospel, blues, and country and in a couple of instances, Plant let a couple of Band of Joy members step up to the mike.  Patty Griffin also provided a great contrast to his voice.O but he did get the Led out on a couple of numbers!  You could be sure of that, folks.  I never did get the chance to see Led Zeppelin 'cos I was born a year or two before they broke up.  But I'm glad to say I've seen Robert Plant and I'm so glad he's not coasting on the oldies.(Note:  This review sat unfinished for several days while I was recuperating from the flu)
4	As a music fan, I've often wondered why?  Why is it that some older acts continue to play the same old songs year after year, touring the beer/rib festivals, and generally sounding worse and worse playing rote versions of their most obvious hits?  Hootie & the Blowfish and Gin Blossoms were already on this circuit only a few years after their biggest hits.  I think I saw an ad once for Foghat appearing at a local car dealership.  The Beach Boys?  We won't even discuss them.  Whereas other veteran artists continue to pay attention to their craft and continue to write and record solid music even if it doesn't sell as well as it used to.  They still sell the larger venues and still put an effort into their shows.  I'm talking acts like John Mellencamp, Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers, Robert Plant, Carlos Santana, John HIatt, Bonnie Raitt, and a few others.  They also seem adept at attracting younger fans.  Neil Young clearly falls into the latter category.  And that's who my brother Paul, my dad & I saw this past week at the Pete.  Neil Young is clearly an intergenerational artist.  The dad loved his music the first time around and the bro and I got into him back in the 1990s when he started appearing with Pearl Jam, Nirvana, & others.  Neil Young is also multifaceted.  You're either going to get Acoustic Neil (a la the movie "Neil Young:  Heart of Gold") or you're going to get the hard rock, distortion, fuzz tone Neil, especially when he plays with Crazy Horse.  And that's what we got!  Curiously, the set began with Neil's roadies setting things up, dressed either as construction workers or lab technicians/scientists.  One of 'em,  apparently the leader (wearing an Albert Einstein wig), was giving directions as faux amps were lifted out of their faux crates.  Then they applauded themselves as a huge novelty vintage mic was set up center stage.  It was really bizarre,  especially when you consider that Neil Young is not known for his sense of whimsy.  They also played a prerecorded version of the "Star Spangled Banner", but since Neil's Canadian, shouldn't they have first played "O Canada" like at the ballgame?The band then went into thundering versions of some of their best known material like "Love and Only Love" and "Powderfinger".  He then went into a new song (don't roll your eyes), "Walk Like a Giant" which addresses some of his generations successes and failures.  "Walk Like a Giant" ranks up there with the best he's ever done.  And those of us who like Acoustic Neil were treated to a haunting version of "The Needle and the Damage Done" and "Twisted Road", an homage to Bob Dylan and Roy Orbison.Oddly enough, Neil Young & Crazy Horse did not perform any material of their 2012 album, "Americana".  But we did get "Cinnamon Girl", "Hey Hey, My My", and "Like a Hurricane", which was the encore.  The song "Hey Hey, My My" tells us "It's better to burn out/than it is to rust".  Ironically, sitting there I could not believe I was watching a 67 year old man on stage.
