5	We found Ippei happhazardly through United Airline's dining points program and were instantly hooked.  We now frequent the place at least once or twice a week.A great atmosphere with a very warm and welcoming host, Michael.  It has all of the ambiance of a very chic place, without the attitude and pompous feel.  The wait staff are all very attentive and pleasant.  The drinks are creative.  And if you're lucky, the owner may join you in a sake bomb, though he insists this is not authentic Japanese tradition.I'm not a huge sushi person and was mainly brought along by my friends, so I can't comment on all the finer touches on the sushi and whatnot.  I can say, however, that if you ask really nicely you may be able to try a roll that the chefs are working on that is not yet on the menu, including a rib-eye roll that is absolutely delicious and friendly to those of us that shy away from sushi because of the whole raw fish deal.Prices are very reasonable.  This is an up-and-coming spot that is still fairly quiet, but not for long.  Come now before you have to worry about getting a reservation a week ahead of time.  As it is now, you can just walk in.Great place to bring a date - low lighting, great service, great food, lots of fun.
5	Ippei is the best Sushi place I have found in Arizona.  The cucumber mint martini has me coming back, time and time again!  The sashimi is outstanding and the sushi chefs have some very creative rolls which I have never tried (Blackjack & Southwest roll).  The dinner menu is much more extensive, and I suggest first-time dinners to come by for dinner. The owner, Michael, is very nice.  When he recognizes you as a regular you will typically end up with something special from the kitchen (his treat).  It is important to mention that Ippei offers an extensive non-fish menu too, which allows you to bring sushi lovers and non-sushi eaters alike to this great establishment.  Do not miss the pot-stickers.  A note on decor: Ippei has a very welcoming modern interior making it an excellent environment to unwind or bring a client.
