5	The Imperial Burger and the IPA Burger was amazing.  Low price but great quality of food would recommend it to anyone.  We both loved the truffle fries.
5	Fantastic, delicious, top quality burgers and interesting and tasty  specialty beers at excellent prices. Highly recommend.
5	Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer. Burgers and brews is pretty new, opening about three weeks ago, and is already top notch. Located in the M casino, which is beautiful, clean, and a relaxing environment (for a casino lol), burgers and brews serves up some amazing food. We had the Imperial Burger and Red Ale Burger (aka IPA burger) and both were awesome. Also got the Parmesan garlic fries and onions rings, both good but the garlic fries were a must. Beer selection is good, the only down side is its all bottles, personally I'm a draft guy. But that aside, I definitely say check this place out. Oh, and don't eat with your eyes because serving size is pretty dang big. I was stuffed!
5	Wow! The flavors are exactly what I wanted. We saw this place when we visited the Hash a Go Go and had to check it out. This place is classy and beautiful! Our waiter was on it and recommended great things! We actually had everything from alcohol, beer, appetizers, burgers, fries, and dessert! It was ALL Delish!!!! I tried the lager shandy it was yummy! My hubby enjoyed his beers in the cool chilled  table side glasses. We had coconut Shrimp which was perfectly breaded and served with mango pico de gallo. I was surprised on the amount of shrimp and the sizes. The burgers were perfect size too. We both ordered the Stout burger with the bacon. We shared the sweet potato fries with maple sauce...tasted like a yummier version of a maple bar.For dessert we had the cake pops and ice cream. We had such a great experience. If the M wasn't so expensive to stay we would totally be here more. This is going to be a regular dinner visit for us when we visit Vegas. Check it out!
1	On 4/20/12, me and my girlfriend decided to plan a fun evening out, including dinner, happy hour and dancing. Having been frequent patrons of the M/resort we decided to give Anthony's Burgers and Brews a try for the first time. From Top to Bottom that was the worst experience, service wise we have experienced. We walked up to the empty podium for starters, after 3 minutes a young lady walks up, doesn't apologize, and I ask if there is seating available outside, she says its open seating out there and we say okay and start making our way over to the patio and she yells and say you'll need some menus, and hands them too us and we walk ourselves out to the patio. We then sit for approximately 15 minutes waiting for someone to acknowledge our existence. So I physically have to get up and flag someone down and ask to be waited on. 5 minutes after that, a Casino Floor Cocktail waitress, not a server, came to take or order. She was nice but clearly didn't know the menu and seem to struggle with remembering what we ordered. We sit there for another 10 minutes and we don't get our drinks, water or appetizers. So I get up again and grab the manager and let her know we are having a problem, she apologizes and acts like she is going to take care of the issue. 5 minute later a runner brings out our drinks so we get our first drinks after 40 minutes!!!!! As we sit there and start to drink we watch the hostess seat a table near us and it just flat out makes you feel like we were not good enough to seat or serve, enough was enough and we got up and left, telling the manager on the way out that that was terrible and we will not be back. So we lost an hour there and had to skip our happy hour and we went to Republic Kitchen and Bar and had excellent service and food. Its really unfortunate, we planned on spending the day at M pool but really don't want to relive that experience so we have opted to change that plan as well. You guys can do way better!Completely Dissatisfied
3	This is a good burger place nestled in M resort, off the strip, which is a perfect getaway from the hustle and bustle of the strip. A group of us came on a Monday night, so no crowds. The servers were all very friendly and accommodating for our large group of 8. Each of the burgers on the menu is conveniently named after the recommended beer pairing. I believe each burger was in the range of $10-15 for a 10oz. patty. Pretty good deal. The burgers come with the lettuce, tomato, onions, and pickle on the side for you to put in as you like.Considering majority of the group was male, most of the orders were for the Imperial burger that is stacked high with stout braised short rib. I had a taste of the Imperial and it was cooked well, but the selling point was the short rib and no one was blown away by it. The short rib was shredded but had no other real flavor of its own so it was just meat on top of meat. Not a bad burger, but a little disappointed by it.I wanted to get something different so we could try more on the menu. I ordered the IPA to stand out from the group. I liked my burger a lot more. It had grilled chilies, pepper jack cheese, and fried jalapenos on a bbq spiced patty. I like my food with a little kick and this burger had flavor and a kick. Cooked well and seasoned nicely. We also ordered 3 types of fries to go around: truffle, garlic and Parmesan, and the bacon and cheddar. The favorite of the table seemed to be the garlic and Parmesan. The fries are nice and thick cut but still crispy. However they seemed to have a heavy hand with the truffle oil, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but the truffle flavor was a little overwhelming considering it also came with a truffle dipping sauce. The bacon and cheddar ones tasted just like a baked potato. Overall, we had a nice dining experience and the burgers are a real deal for the price. I wouldn't mind coming back for another burger and brew.
5	I have no idea how this place gets nothing but five stars. Truly great burgers. The prices are reasonable for a high end burger place, and the beer pairings are spot on. I have been to Burger Bar, LBS, Grind, Public House, here in Vegas, and a lot of other burger joints across the country, and this is in my top 5 all time.Nice view, and our service was great.  I am glad it is not closer, because I would be broke, and fat.
5	This restaurant located next to the oyster bar near the hotel lobby and front desk.The name describes this place well. I eat at all he restaurants here and this one is super. The restaurant is pretty quiet even though out on the open. The menu is limited to about 5 salads, 8 or so burgers, appetizers and couple of sides.Items are al a carte and high price if you look at it as just a burger. It's surely more than than that.Good drink menu, coke products and a full bar do so you can get about anything.Staff very friendly and accommodating.Sit by the window and there's a great view.Even some lounge type couches to sit at and eat.Really good experience at this spit. Worthy of dropping some bucks here.
4	The burgers were very good here. I had the IPA burger and I paired it with an IPA - nice! The garlic parmesan fries were great. I couldn't stop eating them even though I was full. The service was good as well, with our waters being refilled often. The atmosphere is really nice, with a view outside, something you don't get in most casino restaurants. Wish I could've tried more items on the menu!
2	With such a highly esteemed name for a restaurant, you'd think this place would serve some of the best burgers in town with world class service.   You'd think wrong.I made reservations for 8 here for my birthday dinner a few weeks back.  The hostess taking my reservation was the same one who was there to greet us with a table already made up for the group, and she was fine with a couple of us waiting for more from our party to show up.   So far so good.Once the majority of the party (6 of 8) had shown up, we decided to be seated and we immediately asked the waiter if we could do separate checks.  He said that they do not do that there.  "At all?"  "Right.  Never"   We shrugged it off as no big deal and started ordering drinks.  I've had Jack and Cokes all throughout this great city of ours and I gotta say this was a piss poor example.  Very watered down, and no surprise that 4 of them later I barely had a buzz going.  Strike one.  I ordered the IPA Burger with Sweet Potato fries (I'm a sweet potato slut).   Several at my table ordered a variety of other burgers and fries.  Most of us ordered our own order of fries and when they came out there were way too many for each individual to eat.  I thought it would have been nice for the server to maybe say each order could feed 2, but I won't hold them to that.  I personally loved the sweet potato fries with the maple sauce, even though it tastes exactly as it sounds: very syrupy, very rich.   Others at my table werent nearly as impressed.  They are much skinnier than I am.  The burger was quite simply a disappointment.  The meat was alright, and prepared the way I ordered (medium rare), but the problem was the lack of flavor outside of the meat itself.  The IPA is supposed to have a BBQ spiced burger patty, roasted hatch chilies, pepper jack cheese and fried jalapenos.   I honestly never felt a kick in the least.  Another at my table that also ordered it said the same.  Not sure how that is possible with those ingredients.  Seasoning in general needed work, and I heard from someone else at my table with the Imperial that the short ribs were flavorless (a sentiment I've seen shared by others here).  Maybe it's the pumped in oxygen into the M that somehow renders these burgers nearly tasteless.Overall service was fairly pleasant, and they even hooked me up with a free jack and coke for my birthday, and replaced a spilled one (no I swear, I wasnt drunk) for free.   BUT, at the end of the meal, the waiter comes up with our check, and announces that the last couple to arrive asked for their check to be split.  WAIT WHAT?  A few of us immediately brought up the fact that earlier he said they dont do that at ALL.  We were promptly ignored.  Look, I get that he initially wanted to not split the check probably for the forced 18% gratuity or what have you, but there's no need to lie about it.  Be thankful you hooked me up with those free jack and cokes and that I'm such a whore for sweet potato fries and maple syrup Anthony's, I'm being generous with my 2.
4	Simple menu, complex burger, amazing sides and just simply delicious.
4	It's crazy.  I went here a couple months ago, and it's one of those places that for some unknown reason, keeps popping up in my head.  Specifically the place. I remember where I sat, I remember details like the two guys I sat next to (they ordered wayyy too much fries), I remember the view overlooking the blue skies.  I remember how the hostess was an asian girl with humonguous boobs.  I remember the calla lillies by the hotel check in. I remember the food was generous and good.  I especially remember the parmesan fries.  It was big.  Thank goodness the two of us shared that.  The chicken salad had oranges and some peanut vinaigrette.  It's an interpretation of thai flavors, but lacking in boldness.  And on to the burgers, I got the Micro Burger with micro greens (looked like arugula to me) and goat cheese.  Hubby got the burger with mushroom and swiss cheese, the Lager burger.  They were good.  But I came to a realization.  I like my burger classic: I want to taste ketchup, pickles and the texture of lettuce.  I love goat cheese, but I'd rather eat that with a lamb burger.  But it was a burger well done.   And I was happy when I left.
4	Great tasting signature burgers and decent side dishes.  Had the ahi tuna, cheddar bacon fries, and stout burger.  The stout burger has irish cheddar, smoked bacon, and ground stout mustard.  Very nice, but a little slow.  The burger was flavorful, and the mustard enhanced the taste overall but wasn't intrusive.  They need to put in a fois gras burger, I would totally go for that.
4	We arrived at about 8pm, we had actually made a reservation for 8:30pm but ended up arriving early and we were seated promptly.  The food was great!  I had the IPA Burger with fried jalapenos, roasted hatch chilies and pepper jack cheese! MMM!  The other people in my party enjoyed their foods as well, 2 Stout Burgers and an Imperial Burger.  The Parmesan cheese fries were fantastic and I wished I didn't have to share.  :)  My reason for the four stars is that I felt the service was a little slow for a not so busy evening.  We actually had to ask for our beverages to be refilled.  Over all we will be back when we are craving a yummy burger!
5	Let your tongue read the following: Irish Stout Burger - Irish cheddar, smoked bacon, stone ground stout mustard. It was by far the best hamburger I've ever had in my life.Add in the black truffle fries and a nice cold beer. Stop it... I can't take it anymore. If you are anywhere near the M Resort you HAVE to try this place. I promise you it's life-changing.
3	This small little place was nice but the food was over priced a lot. All sides cost extra for each meal. Since when does french fries not go with burgers? They had no beers on tap either :( This place is located inside the M hotel/casino.
3	Dang I wanted to love this place, and it is not bad.  It's good but not great.   The M was a surprisingly well appointed resort.  Very clean and not hectic at all.  The menu for Anthony's was promising.  And to be fair one just had the burgers one would be fine, however this one had more.  The Ahi appetizer was not good.  The coconut shrimp had a ill conceived pineapple salsa.  The beer selection is very good, the Burgers are very good the service is excellent.  Stick to the burgers and you will be fine.  Regrettably the fries were also disappointing.
2	Snacks. Tuna was over done and tasted old. Dry burger.  Not much else to say.
4	These huge (10oz.) burgers are really good. I've tried 3 of them and can't say that one is better than the other. The buns are perfect as they stand up to the burger with out being too dense.This is going to sound knit picky but, my only complaint is that they are so damn big. Literally, I couldn't get my mouth around the one with the fried jalapenos. I would love to have a few ounces shave off of it.Don't get any sides. Burgers are $11-$13 which seems to be a fair price with the casino mark up.
2	The Skinny:  poor control of seasoning mar what ought to have been a decent burger (2), service is okay but the ambience sucked because it is open air next to a bunch of slot machines - the continuous noxious wave of smoke hovered over us as we tried to eat (2) value: given all the great burger joints in the valley, this one deserves a skip (2)We came here after work one night to check out this place out.  My hubby was the eyeing the truffle fries, fried zucchini sticks and the Imperial Burger. I was just looking for a good Caesar's salad. The ambience is severely lacking. The fact that the restaurant is not cordoned off from the main casino floor makes for a smoky, unpleasant experience. If you don't like smoke, I would suggest you attempt to be seated as far away from the slot machines as possible.Service was okay - our server brought out our meals in a reasonable time and kept our water glasses filled most of the time.The food was just not that good considering the amount we paid for it. I just wasn't impressed by anything we ordered. Some of the ideas were good however the poor execution really prevented any food from being even halfway good.The coating of the fried zucchini sticks was overly thick and seemed to slough off the zucchini too easily. As well, the zucchini itself was very salty. The Truffle fries although ample truffle flavoring lacked the proper texture - not enough crispiness to it. The Imperial burger had nothing imperial about it. Bland braised tough short rib and flavorless caramelized onions graced the under seasoned beef patty. The Caesar salad was pretty generic and I wouldn't get it again.Overall, there really isn't a compelling reason to recommend or return to this establishment.
4	Good day Friends! CFC here with YET ANOTHER food review. :-) I'm very pleased to introduce you all to Anthony's Gourmet Burgers & Brews. Now back when I first heard the term, "Gourmet Burger", I immediately thought it was a ploy to use the same meat as your typical greasy spoon, put it on a nicer plate and then triple the price. :-/I would instantly roll my eyes when seeing the word "Gourmet" in front of the word "burger". Anthony has forever changed my opinion on this matter. Comparing his burgers to Wendy's, McDonalds, Denny's, or even Fuddruckers (which I enjoy greatly) is like comparing apples to cheese covered 10oz Angus beef patties. They are in the IVY league of burgers my friends. I ordered the Pilsar. The beef was exquisite and, for most, there'd probably be enough of it left over AFTER you eat; to walk (OK, drive) over to the Mirage and throw a snack to the tigers (Something I don't recommend in any way... I was merely being discriptive; moving on). I didn't like that the already expensive burger ($13) didn't come with french fries, but it was a pretty big burger which leads me to believe most people wouldn't be able to finish it AND fries.True to name, and form, I DID order french fries with mine. :-) The fries were delicious. I've said it's nearly impossible to ruin french fries, but then I went to Hash House a-GO-GO and was quickly confronted with the COLD reality that I'm not always right. They were cut thin, seasoned just right and a half order served as more than enough to accompany the hefty burger. They, along with the burger, were a bit pricey ($4.50 for a half order).  I usually don't talk about the service at any restaurant unless it effects the food (i.e. I see the tray with my food ready to be brought to my table but it sits on a counter for 10 minutes) but our waiter was especially attentive and educated on the menu. He was very descriptive about each burger and new exactly how long it would take to cook (depending on how you'd like it cooked) etc. Overall, Anthony's gets 4 stars from the CFC! It might have been 5 if I could afford to eat there more often. Hint Hint Hint...Regards, CFC
1	Really high on the list of worst places I've ever eaten. Ambiance is amazing. They should just raise the prices and quality a bit to fit the environment. I had a veggie burger and its usually hard to go wrong with that. It was so flat and tasteless and soggy. I even had to send my Cosmo back cuz it had a weird perfume taste in it. My partner got sick from the coconut shrimp before we could even leave the table. Our stay here just started. Hope we have better luck with the food over the next 4 days!
4	Besides the service being a 6/10 and the annoying 60yr old lady dancing around our table and trying to conversate with us.... The burger was absolutely amazing.  I ordered the "IPA" burger with bacon and a fried egg added. It was sooo good. I also ordered the "salt" and "pepper" fries which were pretty good. Stay away from the apps, although good, its way too much food. Will be back again, soon!
2	Arrived at 2pm.  Waited around for them to open at 4pm.  Sat by the window overlooking the pool, very nice view with natural light.  Started with the Cobb Salad.  My wife and I split it and they were nice enough to put it into two bowls for us.  It was an excellent salad, tasty and well prepared, no big peices of lettuce or funky old bits of anything.For the main course I had the Imperial burger and my wife had the Pilsner burger. We shared the cheddar and bacon fries.  My wifes burger was medium rare, she ordered it medium well.  I ordered mine medium and it came out well done like meat loaf which really hurt the flavor of it.  My wife's burger was pretty tasty.  Mine was just ruined by being over cooked and the advertised short rib on top of the patty was so minuscule that I barely noticed it.  The fried were just bad.  The first fry I tried was cold, the second one was really hot, kind of wierd.  The bacon was fine but the cheddar was not melted shredded cheddar instead it was a pasty gravy that was more wondra than cheese and was broken and grainy, really nasty.The beer and liquor selection is good and the prices are fair.  I had a couple of beers.  It seems like all the beers are bottled but that's OK.The service was very good.  I can see how this place could really be great if everything came together for one diner, but if a place can't be consistent I'm not willing to give them my business.   Another thing of note: No minors allowed.
4	Burgers are around $10 and do not come with fries - the fries are another $5, but they are plenty to share and they have options like garlic parmesan and white cheddar and bacon.The veggie burger was great - a good option for vegetarians.The salads looked awesome, but cost as much as the burgers.Beer prices were decent, especially for Vegas.  They have a few craft beers on draft, but not tons.  Most are in bottles.
3	Am I overly impressed by Anthony's? Not really. Did I enjoy myself and have a great time with my friends? Yes. They have a well balanced selection of beer. It is not the most extensive, but there are some curve balls that I appreciated. The grapefruit ale was rather delightful on the warm evening I dined there. It is perfect for summer and reminded me of a shandy. The burgers were all decent. Each burger is named after a beer. Said beer is used in the cooking process of the burger itself. It wasn't incorporated into the meat, but in some other element of the burger. The Imperial was the best. Stout braised short rib on top of a burger? Braised short rib on everything is more like it! The IPA was the other burger that impressed me. I am a sucker for spicy food. So a BBQ sauce with a nice kick, topped with hatch chile, and fried jalapenos screwed out to me. The Red Ale preparation was over kill on the breakfast in between a bun novelty. The potatoes o'brien was unnecessary. I was also unimpressed with the Stout Burger. As for the fries, they didn't have the nice crunch I was hoping for and went cold fast. The garlic cheese fries were good. The sweet potato were lackluster. Same could be said with the Ultimate Potato Skins. They were just ordinary in nature. I will say that we each had a beer or cocktail, an appetizer to start, individual burgers and an order of fries and left with our wallets in tack. It is a decent deal for everything you get.
5	Great burgers! Moderately priced. Great atmosphere!
4	Hands down my favorite burger joint. The only burger I will ever eat. My boyfriend and I discovered Anthony's this past Valentine's Day and ever since then we have been addicted.*Sidenote*Our Valentines Day dinner was spectacular. 3 course dinner; shrimp cocktail, prime rib, and a heavenly dessert plate. We also got their bacon cheddar fries, garlic Parmesan fries (trying not to salivate all over the keyboard right now) and one of their specialty burgers too boot. Yes, I know, my boyfriend and I are binge eaters.lolWe come here about once a month because we both crave their burgers and fries. We always order their fish tacos for an app, then our own burgers and the two fries and then dessert. For the price you would pay for a burger at a typical neighborhood restaurant (*cough cough* Red Robin) you would get the same from Anthony's but the burgers are gourmet, more flavorful and the ambiance is defiantly more chic then a neighborhood hangout.
5	They have huge and delicious burgers here, my favorite is the lager burger which has grilled onions and mushrooms.  The appetizers are great as well, including the fish tacos, potato skins, french fries and onion rings.  This is one of my go-to restaurants.  On Friday's they have a $15 prime rib dinner special, which includes a pretty good clam chowder soup.
4	Good burgers (~$10) with fries extra. Very good service and a decent beer selection. Overlooks (at a bit of a distance) the pool area with a view (a much larger distance) of the Strip. Some of the restaurants in the M also have happy hour specials so take a stroll around to see if there's anything else you'd like to try. Enjoy!
5	Nice, low key place that had a bar that was perfect to kick back and eat some good food. If you're looking for somewhere to relax while you eat, this is a great spot! Not great if you want something touristy or with a ton of people waiting to get in the door...
4	I've been to Anthony's a few times and have not had a bad meal yet.  The burger sizes are great and there is good value for the money.  As others have noted, the menu is entirely a la carte so fries and sides are extra.  The fries are also worth the money and come in a few varieties including sweet potato.On my most recent trip I ordered the Red Ale burger - beef patty with bacon, fried egg, o'brien potatoes, and mornay sauce.  It was delicious.  Others have said it was overkill, but I think that was kind of the point.  It had great flavor and it was decadent.  My dining companions had the Lager Burger (with onions, mushrooms, and cheese) and the Pilsner Burger (cheese and pilsner sauce).  Both got high marks as well.  One of my dining companions also noted that the garlic parmesan fries were the among the best fries he's ever had - a glowing review to be sure.Perhaps the best part of Anthony's is the beer selection.  Several craft bottles are available for $5.  Considering some strip casinos charge more for cans of bud light, this is a great value.  The only thing that would improve the beer selection is if Anthony's could tap into the draft selection at 32 Degrees across the casino floor.M Resort is not too far from my house and I'm there frequently.  Anthony's Gourmet Burgers & Brews is one of my favorite places to go when I want a great burger for a decent price.One side note - what's with the chairs?  They're a little low to the table and the angle of recline is a little relaxed.  It's an odd sitting position.
2	Burgers are nothing special! Fries are super soggy! Not worth the hype!!Service was great
3	solid food and the best part of the service was the hosting but sitting at the bar was no help I might as well sit in my house and open a beer myself there was a trainee behind the bar as well but for virtually being empty I would say the bartender  it could had been more guest oriented as for the rest I could be back for a to-go order the best of this place be great fully greatest at the door and eat something later. I'll be a round two not soon unfortunately there are many other places with high expectations to try
4	I love this place especially Ftidays for the Prime Rib special! Great cut and ever so tender. Great beer specials and plenty of tv's.  Our waiter Eric was very responsive and looked after us. Will ask for him again. Now off to my favorite blackjack table.
4	Great burgers............great view.
1	This used to be one of my regular places. However, my last visit concluded with the staff servicing the restaurant and themselves and not me and my guests. I was entertaining guests and we went in for drinks 10 minutes before 10pm (closing time). The bartender refused to serve us and advised us to waive down a server. The server served us and when my additional guests arrived to join us, the bartender refused to serve them as well and our server brought us the check with no acknowledgment of my guests. The Manager watched and did nothing. As an ambassador for the hospitality industry, I am embarrassed and disappointed. There are too many great places in this town to waste your time here.
5	This was a great experience all around and we keep talking about going back! The ambiance is nice as its a quaint little area in the M with a nice view of the pool area.  The hostess was great as she sat us and asked if we were comfortable at that table (there was a breeze from the air vent) and easily moved us.  The waiter was fantastic, giving us recommendations, keeping our drinks full and checking on us appropriately.  The food was great! Didn't get any appetizers, though some looked good, due to the size of the burgers we saw around us.  I got the IPA burger and he got the Imperial burger.  All the burgers there have a component named for a beer and you can tell the depth of flavor.  The IPA burger was great, cooked how I had asked with the right balance of chili's and bbq flavor.  He really liked the Imperial burger as it was full of meat with short ribs and mushrooms on top of the burger! The buns were great quality and all together just what I wanted from a burger.  We shared the garlic parmesean fries and they were a great addition with great flavor.  We got the red velvet cake which was obviously good as I didn't even get a bite, and the peanut butter pie which was fantastic! Best dessert I have had in a long time and I couldn't even finish it! Peanut butter mousse on top of a oreo like cookie with fudge, then covered in caramel and peanut butter cups on top! Bliss on a plate! The convenience of the M along with the great service and food will definitely make this a regular spot for us!
5	Easy 5 star experience all around. Eric is a great server.I was scratching my head to figure out a place to have her birthday dinner.  So, Anthony's, being close, sounded good.  And, I'm a total sucker for a good burger.  And, a good burger is what we had.We had reservations for 7 on Thursday Jan. 2nd.  Even if we didn't have reservations, we would have still been seated immediately.  The place was very quiet.  We were seated by the window overlooking the pool.  But, the pool area was dark so you couldn't see it very well.  But, you could see the distant lights and that was nice.  The hostess asked us if the table was ok as there was a little draft coming though.  We decided to move to a different table.  So accommodating.  We had a chance to look through our menu's while our drinks were being made.Eric, our server, came to the table and answered our questions and made a couple of recommendations as well.  He was extremely helpful.  I went with the Imperial Burger and asked it with no onions.  She got the I.P.A. burger with all of the fire on it.  I'm not into the over spicy but the burger looked great.  Eric brought out our burgers and mine came out with the onions on top.  I had to send it back.  Can't do Onions!!!  So, the problem was rectified promptly.  Eric came out and apologized for the mix up.  Stuff like that happens so it wasn't a big deal.  We feasted on the burgers, which were cooked perfectly.  Juicy and messy, just the way a burger should be.  We also had some Garlic Parm Fries which was a great side.  I could eat those as my main course.  Eric then came out with a piece of Red Velvet Cake as a comp.  I think it was because they put onions on my burger.  Great customer service.  We also ordered a piece of Peanut Butter pie which was decadent and sweet.  This may become our new place.
5	I went to this great eatery inside the M casino. I was blown away by the service and food. Eric was my server and he was so attentive and I wanted for nothing. I think he was a good mid-western boy North Dakota, I think is where he was from. Anyway the place was packed and the vibe was really cool. If you go to the M and want a burger hit this spot up.
5	I went here on accident after the hash house closed in the M.  THE BEST veggie burger I have ever had. I have not eaten meat in 5 years so I have eaten a lot of veggie burgers. Most of the time if they are made in house they are awful and fall apart. This one was fantastic! Great flavor and texture. Great bun and cheese and I added a fried egg...perfection. Will go to the smelly casino just to get another burger!Worth the price. Great French fries also. My meat eating family was all happy with their burgers too!
4	The M really has a good selection of great restaurants, and Anthony's is no exception.  Finally came by when we were hungry and this place was open - we've been trying for a few trips now.  Hung over a bit, the wife and I shared a bacon cheeseburger and pot stickers.  Both were good, and I'd like to go back and try some other items on the menu.
4	Went in on a Tuesday night during happy hour 4-6. They have half off apps but I did to order any. They have a amazing black berry mojito that you should definitely try. Ordered the cheese burger. Sweet potatoes fried and the Asian salad and split it all between the two of us. It was all cooked perfectly, tasted great. The only problem I have was out waitress. She wasn't very personable or nice. Take her out of the equation and you get 5 star.
4	Yum Yum Yum Yummmy.  Beautiful, comfy dining area - sat right by the window overlooking the pool area.  Service was awesome, but it looks like they don't have fried zucchini anymore.For two, ordered Wings extra cripsy with all sauces on the side and an order of bacon cheese fries for our appetizers.  I can do without the wings next time, they weren't bad, but they weren't spectacular either - just forgettable that's all.  Hubby loved the fries.Our mains, I ordered the Pilsner w/ bacon and hubby got the Red Ale and we shared an order of Garlic Parm fries.  The burgers were amazing - didn't even need any of the side condiments - so juicy and cooked perfectly for the thickness.  The fries were okay - probably can ask for them extra cripsy next time...i didn't care for either flavor, maybe might just choose the plain salt & pepper ones if we ever come back.  I have a feeling we will, but might not be for a while - the prices are not everyday budget fare.Oh, and watch out for the blind steps! Witnessed an older woman trip on her way out and bust her mouth - blood everywhere, was so sad to see, but all the employees from the restaurant staff to managers and security were quick to assist.Overall so far for gourmet burgers - the best atmosphere, service, quality and pricing you'll find out of all the major casinos out here.
5	Great place to eat. Get a couple of different fries and share them.  Staff is well trained in service.
1	This was actually my groups third choice as far as eating today. Unfortunately the pool was closed and the Hash House is gone. We arrived after the lunch crowd and we're asked to wait for a table that was already empty. The menu seems promising. The drinks are reasonably priced.Upon ordering, I wasn't asked how I want my burger cooked. Which usually doesn't matter except that mine came well over cooked... When it eventually came. After waiting 20 minutes for our food, already starving, we asked about it to the hostess. She said she's check and proceeded to head back to her station. Meanwhile, one of our girls noticed a tray of food just sitting on the other side of the bar and a couple of waiters asking each other who's food it was sitting in the opeOur food proceeded to sit until I eventually stood up and flagged the servers over to our table. Our food was cold, we had to remind our server that we wanted a water refill, and we were fairly ignored. Truly terrible.
2	Space is off the lobby with views of the pool and the Strip - great atmosphere. Vibe was sports oriented with lots of flat screens broadcasting the Wisconsin v Arizona NCAA game. Burger was good but the service ( Erin  from South Dakota) was not. It took 40 minutes to get our burgers and the Rings arrived at table cold and in edible. They comp'd our coconut shrimp app and the rings - which was appreciated. But would have preferred to have gotten our food timely and hot. The establishment was not particularly busy - so it was hard to imagine what the problem was....judging from other yelp reviews this place has service issues.
5	To kick off our Vegas weekend, my friend suggested we stop at this place for an amazing burger and brew (well, wine for me).  The dining area is both beautiful and comfortable with large windows for outdoor viewing.  I decided I would go with the stout burger, where I unfortunately had to omit the stout mustard (not a mustard fan). Ordered a Cab to drink before the meal arrived, which was pleasant in both aroma and taste.Then, out came this beautifully stacked burger!  They give you a knife to cut the heaping burger in half, but this hungry woman was NOT shy.  I put that knife to the side and dove right in.  The beef was cooked to a perfect medium!  The flavors were savory and juice went dripping down my hand.  My friends and I also ordered the white cheddar bacon fries.  Can we say oralgasm in a paper cone?!  YES. Oh they were AMAZING.  I WILL be making a return trip to this place - especially because I didn't get the chance to try dessert!
4	After a great night at the Hostile Grape in the M Resort, we needed to eat! I was with a group of friends and we were low maintenance. Somewhere in the M that offered great food at an affordable price was alright in our books. This place was conveniently open at the moment so the decision was made!Speaking of convenience, this joint is directly above the Hostile. Such an easy decision! The restaurant is completely open and part of the casino. In fact, the open vibe makes for the the dramatic affect. Large floor to ceiling windows offer a lot of lighting during the day and great valley views at night. There are multiple level seating for a variety of guests. When we visited this place they are just about to close, so the service, although cordial, was a little bit rushed. Our server was very patient and nice enough to offer split checks for the table. For my late night dinner, I decided on the Imperial burger for $13.  A burger made to order, topped with stout braised short ribs, mushrooms, Gruyere cheese and caramelized onions. This burger was served with lettuce, tomatoes, onions and pickle spears on the side. You also have the option to add fries for another $5. They have different flavors and toppings, however, I just chose the salt and pepper fries. Man, what an amazing burger! The temperature I chose was medium rare and it was perfectly cooked! The burger was seasoned very well. The short rib was tender and  shredded over the top and offered a sweet element. I loved the smokey taste of the Gruyere which to me, helped to marry all the flavors. This burger was delicious! The fresh fries were also a treat. You could tell they were homemade. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, the fries were also seasoned lightly. Great side dish as well!This burger joint was the perfect way to end our Friday night. It was exactly what we were hoping for: great food at an affordable price. The M Resort has really hit it on the mark with this restaurant. Couple with the Hostile, these are two great reasons to keep coming back! Thank you so much Anthony's, great food which made for a great night!
4	I have eaten here a number of times and never had a bad meal.  The prime rib and burgers and beer all good.
1	This is one of the worse place ever... Everything is wrong about this place....and it seems like theres no managements over there whats so ever...nobody cares about this place theres no good management...the customer service sucks the manager i believe her name was Julia ,shes one of the worse. Managers ever. Take her off and you will get a 5 star
1	Service was good but the food was underwelming. They need  to get rid of the word gourmet.Had 2 stars but now that I am sick have to go with the minimum of 1 if there was an option for none I would rate it a zero. We will never be back. Avoid the micro burger (only ate 1/4 of it because it was so discusting).
4	I may have reviewed Anthony's when it first opened but we ate there again tonight (probably for the 5th or 6th time) and I felt I had to revisit my thoughts. The last few times before today it felt as if they stopped trying but tonight was phenomenal. Appetizers were crispy wings and pot stickers , both very good. The stars of the evening were the white sangria (we could only get out of the server that Chardonnay and Apple Pucker were involved ( he would not reveal all the ingredients)  and the  Red Ale Burger...oh my.....medium rare delicious burger covered with sunny side  up egg wth crisp bacon, amber ale mornay sauce and o'brien potatoes ( hash browns)  with lettuce tomatoe and pickles on the side (I piled them on)....freaking delicious. I'd do it again and again. Check out Anthony's Gourmet Burgers at M if you live in Las Vegas.
1	This place sucked! We went cause hash house but they closed, this place was open so we'd try it, nah, never again I can't even wright a review
5	ok, so i've been to this establishment maybe like 4-5 times since the first time...everytime I get closer and closer to making the ultimate order.  I know i knocked the wings the first time around, but to my surprise, they seem to have gotten better just after one re-try.  Almost perfect:Wings, plain, extra well done crispy (get all the sauces on the side that way you can try all the flavors)White cheddar bacon fries, extra cripsyPilsner burger w/ bacon, mediumTropical fruit punchBy far, the best in town...
2	Ok i have been here a few times and the food is good. But who the hell is ordering the "brews" the special beer for the day is ballast point sculpin and THEY ARE OUT OF IT....WTF. We were also here like 4-5 months ago and the beer menu is the same.......really its june and they have october fest beer still on the menu....But they are out of them ALL except a pear cider which should not be on the menu alyway. They should just have a runner to get beer from 32 degrees at least someone there is sure running the beer portion better. I am VERY DISAPPOINTED in this place when it comes to beer. Please remove the "brews" name off the restaurant name until u actually have brews.
2	Breakfast is not worth the $$$!!!  $14 for bacon and eggs?  What is this the four seasons?  The oatmeal was runny and nothing I would come back for.   The special was chorizo burrito with Swiss cheese??? And no beans??  The chef must be from Idaho!  Mexican breakfast should be served with beans not potatoes!  And jack cheese!!!  This place is not for me! Anthony's is Overpriced & ordinary!
5	The first place I have been too in Vegas that is on par with Bachi Burger.  The burgers are creative, textured, and extremely satisfying. Every variation of French fries are also very good, with the sweet potato fries standing out from the pack. Highly recommend on all fronts.
3	Pretty place friendly staff just slow service but better then the long line for Breakfest at The South Point,
3	Went for a late lunch.  Location has a nice view of the pool.   They had a good selection of bottled beers but nothing on tap.  Ordered the Soft Shell Crab Sandwich.  Nice flavors but a little greasy.  Salt and Pepper Fries were average.   Friendly and attentive service.
5	Should you eat here? YES! YES, you should. You won't be disappointed. Excellent quality in burgers. Very well priced. I would return hands down. I had a lager burger. Very well prepared. Juiciest, well prepped, and very big for a $10 price. What a deal! Chef's high quality standard burger. Sooo big! I couldn't finish it...wanted to! I will be back for more. Don't skip the fries either...even if you are dieting! Enjoy, and thank me later :)
4	The Irish stout burger was amazing, I also had the garlic Parmesan fries which were equally amazing. I will be back to try out some of the other burgers. If your looking for some flavorful burgers and fries this place is for you!
5	Fantastic service and awesome food. We got the peach sangria and a simple rum and coke to start along with ahi tuna for an app and it was amazing. Our server was genevine and she was so nice and personable and we loved her. Especially for putting up with my drunk ass. We also had cole and Travis help us out and they were amazing!!! Soooo friendly and nice. We ordered the stout burger lager burger along with parm and garlic fries which were fantastic. This place was awesome and we'll definitely be back!
4	We came here to try to Buffet, but life's too short to wait in that long of a line! We came here instead for lunch and it has excellence ambience a modern, wide open decor. I was immediately glad we went with this option. We ordered salads, but they have a good selection of interesting looking burgers.
3	Good burgers and fries...although a little pricey.  $4 for iced tea?!?!  Had the Imperial Burger (topped with short ribs, caramelized onions, Gruyere cheese) and the bacon cheddar fries.  The bun became soggy very quickly and wasn't up to the task of supporting all of the burger toppings.  Fries were good, although the cheddar sauce was kinda bland.  Needed more bacon too.  Service was good...
4	Anthony's is a perfect little eatery located in the M. Being one that isn't fond of hiking through a hotel/casino for a gourmet meal I am a huge fan of the location. Close to the Las Vegas Blvd side of the M or directly in the main doors from the valet, you aren't parking far or walking 500 miles. Classy casual (I don't think you can class up burgers and beer much), so don't have your lady tie up your black bow tie for this date night.The burgers are unique and have interesting flavors. Stout burger? Sign me up! The combinations aren't your standard lettuce, cheese, tomato so be ready to step out of the box. They also make pairing suggestions to help you if you don't know the difference between a Lager and a Pilsner.Being an avid beer drinker and burger connoisseur, I was slightly offended when our server was a little to green for a place with a little more meat (pun intended) to the menu. I expect basic beer knowledge. The beers here are not your dive bar Millers and Buds. Sadly, the M is really missing out on an awesome pairing that isn't. The M Resort also has an AMAZING Beer Bar located at the OPPOSITE end of the casino. It's a shame that Anthony's isn't getting to share in those taps.
5	Very good breakfast, excellent service, friendly staff...! Nice atmosphere. You can sit inside or outside and if the weather is nice, I suggest sitting outside. Great view overlooking the pool.
4	Very good food, good prices. The soft shell crab sandwich was spot on. The service is hit or miss, and I'd give it a 3 1/2 stars if I could give halves. Too bad you can't order a draft from the 32 Degree Bar across the casino. This place only offers bottled beers, though it is a decent selection. I was offended when they offered me a chilled glass. Save that for the cheap beers, y'all.
2	I give this place 2 stars..why you ask..simply this. I know a good burger when I eat one and this was not it. No doubt was it a solid effort on trying something new with incorporating beer with cooking the burgers but it just wasn't there. The flavors just weren't there. Also My burger just fell apart at the end. If they would try using a brioche bun instead it will also help keep the burger stable when compiling all those topping we love so much. There are so many great places In las vegas to get a burger and this is not one of them. Two thumbs down.
3	I am SO disappointed in Anthony's! The ambiance looks really nice from the outside but once you sit down is where the negatives come into play.1. The hostesses were not friendly and wanted to seat us by the bar in the dark area when the tables with a view of the pool were clearly available. They were not receptive to our desire to sit near the window.2. Once we sat down, we tried ordering numerous brews that were on the menu but no longer in stock/not available. If you're going to advertise beer in the name of your establishment, I think its reasonable to expect our first choice brews, not fourth or fifth.3. The burgers were made sloppy. The entire bottom half of my bun was drenched in oil (I ordered my burger medium). There is a distinct difference between having a juicy burger that spills onto the bun and straight soggy. Perhaps the food runners or servers just didn't bring our burgers out upon being ready?4. This establishment is 21+ only. While I understand that they advertise brews,  it seems unreasonable to prohibit 21 and under after 12pm noon. Overall, besides the wonderful view the large open windows offer, there is no reason to return.
1	Overpriced food and incompetent staff. Food is burgers and fries. Not sure how you can mess that up but Anthony's did. I asked for medium rare burger and got a grey meat slab. They claim to be a brew place but only have bottles. Quit faking the funk and get some beers on draft. Fries were way to greasy. Staff rolled in on the short bus with the manager driving. Went there  with another couple and wanted to split the bill at the end of our meal. Took about 30 minutes for them to split a bill of $90.00. When they did split the bill it came out to $60 on one card and $30 on the other. Save your time and money and go somewhere else
3	We had a thanksgiving meal here on our way to Sedona.They had a special menu - traditional thanksgiving dinner which is a roasted turkey with herb stuffing, and also had Imperial Burger - stout braised short ribs topped, mushrooms, gruyere cheese, caramelized onions.Both items were a little too heavy for our taste buds, but the turkey was surprisingly moist and tender, especially the white meat. Even though we became full quickly, we took out the remains in a box so our dog can enjoy the unseasoned chunk of white meat.I would say Anthony's is a fairly decent dining option in M Resort.
5	A lil disappointed that the prime rib special ended but was still posted on the website but that allowed me to Try the amazing imperial burger coupled with sweet potato fries a a sinfully delicious maple dipping sauce. I also sampled the chicken wings with there many variations of sauces (tie sauce is my fav) def will be returning
5	Great great atmosphere and superior service. A little higher on the price, but, man do you get what you pay for.  Cpnt Dan likes... Captain Dan's home in San Francisco
4	Went into the M looking for the Hash Hash A Go Go for breakfast.  Didn't know that it was gone, so a gorgeous casino waitress directed us to Anthony's.Great looking place and location is overlooking the hotel pool area.  The view is north, directly at the strip. Very nice.Raghubir was our waiter. Seemed his main job was to wait for someone else to take our drink order, come back and take our food order, glance in passing to see if we were doing okay and finally deliver our bill.  Others refilled our drinks and asked about our meal.The meals were fantastic. My uncle said his Chicken Hash was excellent and my egg white omelette was pretty good.  Potatoes were excellent also.I think we have found a great place to eat on the way home from Vegas without having to find something in one of the strip casinos.
3	We live close so we go here for breakfast.  The food is good but often cold when it gets to us. The coffee is ALWAYS cold.  I am not sure if they do not keep the pot on a heated burner or what but that alone is very annoying! We are such fans of the M we overlook this and return.  The staff at this place in the morning seems to have English as a 2nd language.  But again the food is good,
