4	Can be a little intimidating for the non-rock-enthusiast, but boasts a friendly, knowledgeable staff and an array of unusual gifts: seashell bracelets, amber earrings, uncut chunks of amethyst.Also a great place to run into angry ex-girlfriends of burnout ex-boyfriends, much to your chagrin.
4	Organized, vast and reasonably-priced assortment of rocks, minerals, jewelry and fossils. Burnie's is a modest-sized store located a 1/2 mile or so from downtown. Within this shop, they include as much per square foot as I have seen in like establishments (white space be damned). Rock enthusiasts love their selection. Their prices are on par with larger shops and Burnie's includes more higher quality selections. My child was excited by the dinosaur fossils and the learning kits ($2.50 kits explaining and tying together minerals, rocks fossils and ore with real materials).The only thing missing was the ability to mine for gemstones via the five-gallon bucket. Of course, lack of space prohibits it, but to engage non-rock enthusiast ... hands-on activity is important.  Regardless, its nearly perfect for anyone that would seek it out in the 1st place. More space could add to more fun ... but it would likely be at the expense of its convenient location.
4	Burnie's is such a fun store.  Even though I work in a fine jewelry store, I really enjoy dropping in there from time to time, just to check out all the unique items they have.  The best one?  Fossil pendants!  That just appeals to all sorts of nerd in me.  :)
5	a girl loves a rock!  and i am the kind of girl that loves a fossil or petrified dinosaur poop or a geode.  the feeling that you are holding eternity in the palm of your hand...burnie's in almost all rocks or rock like substances like amber (which is resin, not rock).  there is a selection of jewelry made from rocks, books about rocks, rocks for making your own jewelry, and jewelers who will make stuff for you out of rocks.  there are a few goofy  things like mood rings, but not many.  it's a fun place to hang and the staff is (especially the young cutie) generally thrilled to tell you more about rocks.  burnie's is an adventure unto itself--a nice place to spend a couple of hours on a rainy afternoon.  the rock prices are decent and on par with any beloved rock shop.  the necklaces, rings, bracelets are quality products so be prepared to pay for them.  just a warning--like many madison faves, it can get a little crowded, so take your altoids with you.did i say rock enough times in this review?
5	I have never been to this store....I've never even been to the state. But I heard about it from a friend as a great place to get custom stone jewelery. I had been looking for a pair of teardrop shaped blue lace agate plugs (for my stretched ear piercings) to wear at our wedding last year. I had looked all over the internet and couldn't find what I wanted. I contacted them by email to explain what I had been looking for. They had never made teardrop shaped plugs but were all about figuring it out and making them! I sent them a description with dimensions, they emailed me back a few drafts. I could tell by our first communications these guys really knew what they were doing!Now, I'll be honest. I was a little nervous to be paying $80 (not a bad price by the way) for a pair of wedding day earrings sight unseen. But after a few emails with the staff I could really tell that they were genuinely invested in making a product that I was happy with and proud to wear down the aisle. Anyway, the plugs turned out BEAUTIFULLY! And that's saying a lot for what a girl chooses to wear on her wedding day. I LOVE THEM SO MUCH, I still wear them to this day !  Thanks Burnies!
5	I went here for the first time last weekend and immediately fell in love.  It's hard not to revert to a little kid and want to touch absolutely everything.  I didn't used to think that a person could actually fall in love with a place, but it's true.  I am seriously considering proposing marriage, or at the very least, that we move in together long term.  I love you Burnie's.  All your rocks, crystals, nic nacs, doo dads, jewelry, beads, and sparkly shiny things make my heart sing.  The staff there is like the frosting on the cake.  When I get old and geriatric I want these people to look after me with their rocks.  The rocks really are my friends.  xoxoxo
5	An important part of my rock nerd past.  I became somewhat obsessed with crystals as a child and would spend hours looking at all the rocks and information this small loving shop possessed. The staff was always informative, nice, and patient. I once spend hours searching for a perfect geode for them to crack.  When I finally got one it contained the most beautiful twin umbrella quartz.  Years later these crystals are still among my prized childhood possessions.Burnie's Rock Shop is a Madison gem (pun completely intended), for adult rock geeks and interested children alike.
5	My grandpa was a rock and gem collector. Some of my favorite childhood memories involve digging through buckets of rocks in grandpa's garage, looking for treasure to take back home with me. We only got one rock each time we visited, but sometimes he'd bring a few agates or quartz specimens when he visited us. I was missing my dear old grandpa today, so I decided to check out Burnie's Rock Shop. I'm so glad I did! Gorgeous gems and rocks of all kinds, beautiful jewelry, and all the tools you'd need to make your own creation. In fact, the owner explained to me that they recently opened up Burnie's Design Annex next door where you can meet with a jewelry designer! I didn't realize really until today how much I still love looking at rocks, picking up a geode and examining its crystal insides, in awe that its beauty is hidden by a rough, rock exterior. I felt like my grandpa was with me today, looking over my shoulder, informing my admiration. I purchased a pretty cluster of amethyst for $6. I'm not sure why. But I'm pretty sure grandpa would have approved.
5	Great place to go if you collect crystals and gemstones!  They even have jewelry!
5	I have been going to Bernie's since I was a little girl. My first vivid memory was in first grade, when I wanted to display my rock collection for the school's "Share Fair." I had some cool specimen's that I needed help identifying, so my parents took me to Bernie's. Even as a child, the staff were so amazing and helpful to me. I remember one employee going through books, explaining how various types of rocks were formed and even teaching me about the Mohs Scale! Truly service at it's best. Now, I live in California, however I try to visit Bernie's when I am visiting my family in Madison. In August, I came home wearing my favorite antique scarab bracelet. It broke, I nearly lost it in the Memorial Union bathroom! My dad took me right to Bernie's (well, after breakfast at Lazy Jane's).  They were as always, so helpful. Took all my info and had no qualms at all about shipping it to me in Oakland. They quoted me two weeks to complete the laser welding needed for the repair. It was done on time, very reasonably priced and I felt completely confident leaving the antique bracelet in their hands. I love Bernie's!
4	I've been going to Burnie's forever, had their cool bumper sticker on my last car. Parking is a problem, but not too bad.  I don't like that they are closed are Mondays, I've been there a few times on Mondays because I forgot.  I like it better when they were more into Crystals and less into just jewelry and their prices for jewelry are very high, but their service to fix stuff is the best.   No where else in town can you get a jump ring put on or have a chain repaired like Burnie's and fairly reasonable! Very helpful and nice staff - well staffed too!  Great prices on tumbled and rough stones/crystals but staff is totally not knowledgeable of stone attributes or are playing dumb for some kind of legal reasons(which is what I think!).  So that's a drag.I'm a Crystal Healer and love crystals and stones so not being able to ask the healing properties of a particular crystal/stone that caught my eye is frustrating.
5	Purchased a specimen for a geology major friend of mine and she loved it.  Knowing nothing about rocks, I appreciated the friendly service and suggestions.  Thanks Burnies!
5	Best selection of natural rock specimens outside of a rock show. Also, a lot of interesting stones that you won't find in a standard metaphysical shop. While they do carry a lot of tumbled stones, they also have SO many non-tumbled and larger stones.Last time I was there, I earned a $15 gift certificate for a purchase over $100, but since I was out of town, the owner let me spend the extra $15 right on the spot. Most stones are quite modestly priced, no gauging here like you'll find in other large cities. . .Occasionally a few spaniel pups will wander the store, they're very calm and honestly, were a pleasant surprise! While all of the employees are very knowledgeable and seem to love their job, they seem to be less so in the way of the metaphysical properties of the stones. If that is your interest, head over to Mimosa and they'll help you out :). But for rock enthusiasts of ALL kinds, Burnie's is like a candy shop. .  .be careful with your paycheck :)!
5	This store is a gem. It is so much fun to explore here.  Amazing products, both finished and unfinished.  The wire wrap jewelry is amazing too. A classic Madison tradition.  You guys rock!  :)
5	I love this store. I could walk around for hours and examine everything. Great place to buy gifts for people who love geology and fossils, and people who make jewelry. The staff is really helpful and friendly!
