3	Obviously a local spot, you won't know about this one unless you know someone who does. This is a diner style setting and if it has been around long enough based on reputation there is probably a lot more on the menu to try. I went with the classic burger, cole slaw, fries and  a side of Okra. Food is up to par but nothing to brag about. I'd go again if it was convenient or friends were going. You're going to pay $8-$15 for a lunch.Finding this will be tricky, keep on fairview until you see a business listing sign that has nicks cafe listed on it, you can view it from the street.
3	Not the fastest way to grab lunch, but the specials are good. You get cornbread or a roll with your meal. The chicken & dumplings are good as is the Grecian Chicken. They aren't open for dinner, but if you're in the area you might stop in for lunch.
4	You know, Nick's is one of those sleeper restaurants that always comes in handy in a pinch. You may not be in the market for a 3, 4, or 5-star meal, but it's always there. Warm plates of comforts foods, friendly service, tons of regulars, and the same decor for the past 20 years, most likely. Located in one of the office buildings, this spot is your typical "Meat and 3" type of joint. I'm pretty standard with the marinated chicken over rice, greens, and usually another veg. Is it amazing? No, but it's just right. Kind of like something you'd had for a family gathering that has plenty of love put into it. Always filling and affordable, too. As a sidenote, I've had the vegetable soup a few times and it is truly incredible. You typically don't think much of it in other cases, but do yourself a favor and try Nick's. Truly delectable. It's the typical cafe where you pay at the counter. Some old candy rests within the glass case that hasn't been touched for year and a cool old cash register rest atop. This is the kind of place that brings back memories of diners I would go to as a kid with  my grandparents. Old cushy seats, patterned carpet, and odd, hotel-esque art on the walls. Ha! In a sense, it's perfect. Viva, Nick's!
4	Very good for breakfast.  Good food for an excellent price.  Many regulars that make you feel like you are at a family .
4	I'm not sure how I miss reviewing this place! They have the best beef stroganoff! The beef is so tender and the noodles are so buttery. It just melts in your mouth!  :) It is only served on Mondays! The service is always great and the staff and owner is very welcoming and inviting. Their breakfast here is also pretty decent.
