4	Very nice office and staff! Only negative is it is super expensive.
5	I recently moved from Southern California where I had a fantastic dentist. Before then, my uncle was my dentist since I was a child therefore, I am extremely picky when it comes to new dental/medical services, etc.. Going into the appointment extremely apprehensive, I was greeted by every employee (not just the ones helping me) in a very friendly way with a smile. All equipment was state of the art and very functional due to the large room sizes. The entire facility was very modern and quite clean as well. Yeah, everything was visually great, but did that back up their services? Definately! My hygienest was very thorough and attentive. She was quite knowledgeable as well, giving me different teeth cleaning suggestions.. Phenomenal doctors, soothing atmosphere, friendly, Clean! Definatley met my standards. Two thumbs up.
5	Expensive,maybe but to me getting my smile redone was worth every penny that I spent at True Dentistry and Dr. Joe Willardsen.  I am sorry that you, KC from New York had a different experience but you saw the wrong dentist as there are two different practices within the same location, did you know that?  So please do not say negative things about True Dentistry because it is a totally different dental practice than Willardsen Smiles.  It is my understanding that Willardsen Smiles is no longer in practice and that there is only one practice now at that location, Dr. Joe and True Dentistry, not the other guy.  They have outstanding hygienists who really care about fighting gum disease that is now all over the news causing other medical problems if not treated and they do a fantastic job ensuring me that my gum disease is in remission.  As I stated early on, keeping my only set of real teeth is important to me and worth every penny I spend on them with an outstanding dental office like True Dentistry.  Thank you Heather, Gina and Liz plus Dr. Joe and Dr. Clark for giving me exceptional dental care these past years.  Keep up the great work!
5	I see Dr. Cressman & he is the best! He's friendly & knowledgeable. I have had a few troubles with my teeth but so far they haven't found anything wrong which is frustrating but I'm happy that they are doing their best to figure this out. Their contracted prices with my particular insurance is extremely high but I think that in this case they are totally worth it.
5	I have been going to True Dentistry since 2010. I have gotten my routine check-ups done here, bleaching, & a bit of cosmetic work done. They are true professionals and are unflappable in every aspect of what they do! Very accommodating, such a comfortable office, and everyone is so friendly! No need to go to any other dentist!
5	I love it here! They are so friendly and remember you. I just love the staff from the phone, to the front desk, to sitting in the chair. The atmosphere is very relaxing and modern.I feel like I'm in excellent hands and taken care of. They listen, are patient, and discuss options with me.
5	Just left True Dentistry-I've been meaning to write this review for some time now. I've been going to this office for almost 10 years now and it is still such a great experience.   I love my veneers and they do all of my regular dental work and cleanings and the Dr's and staff are just fabulous-I just feel like they are part of my family after all of these years! Thank you True Dentistry!
5	I've been coming here since I moved to Vegas and I absolutely love it. The staff is great and I've never had a complaint walking out of here. Dr. Wilardson is truly the best dentist in town!
