4	Same as A & M Pizza Inc.
5	if you are in Florence AZ and like italian sandwiches/salads, it's a must stop. The home-made potato chips are wonderful, and the bread they use for their sandwiches is so good.
4	Pretty good Italian  place in the middle of the desert.
3	The sandwiches are good. Huge portions. However, the ones with marinara sauce taste like ketchup. The sauce they are using is just not good. So just go with a sandwich that doesn't call for marinara sauce. The salads are decent. Reasonable lunch specials.
4	I love the salad - very fresh.  I love the breadsticks with olive oil - nice touch!  The pizza was very good, but I prefer a super thin crust.  Service was wonderful and the atmosphere was brilliant!
4	had pizza here several months ago. Vaguely remember that it was just ok. Last week however I tried it again. I got the philly cheesesteak deluxe, buffalo wings, garlic bread, and moz sticks.The sandwich was really good. The wings were excellent. (spicy sauce mixed with BBQ sauce)bread was okmoz sticks were good.will go again when in Florence
3	Tasty but very disappointing service and cold pizza. I even tipped well when I payed w ordering.
3	The only good place in Florence, AZ
1	Absolutely the worst dining experience of my life last night!! I had jury duty in Florence earlier in the week and ate lunch there and it was decent, even though the guy gave me 1 slice of pizza when I ordered the special that comes with 2. Forward to Sunday and we decided to take the whole family (11 people) to A&M. we ordered 9 sodas and 2 waters with lemon to start. The waiter rarely came to check on us even though the place was dead. I asked for lemon and it NEVER came. We ordered 3 pizzas (Sicilain, regualr and the fresh mozz original.) after about 50 minutes I decided to ask at the counter what the long wait was all about. The kid said they were very busy with takeout and it would be 10-15 minutes. 10 minutes goes by and still nothing, so I went to the counter and asked again and the owner? Looked at the kid who said where are my pies and as he was flipping dough he looked at him and said here. He just began to make the pizza after 1 hour. I am certain the order was never put in or whatever something similar. I noticed a couple in the back with a pizza just sitting on their table untouched. The waiter then brought them another pie and took the pie from their table back with him, apparently they did not order the fresh mozz original pie. about 4 minutes later that pie arrives at our table, we were starved and ate it. It was a total re-heated pizza, too crispy to be fresh from the oven. I realized after it was the pizza from their table. Too late, we ate it. The regular pie came shortly after and was very hot, not re-heated and not as crispy (that is the evidence the other was re-heated). about 20 more minutes go by and the Sicilain pie arrives and looks decent, but when we lifted it, the slices were totally raw underneath. I asked the waiter if they could bake it a little more. He seemed mad but took it back. He returns about 10 minutes later and says the pizza is burning, it cant be cooked anymore, should he have them take it out. I said ok, it arrived and it was indeed burnt. The bottom was still raw. I asked him to take it off the bill, again he seemed to be getting angrier. It comes time to pay (we are there over an hour and thirty minutes). I was stunned when he told me the total was $80 for 2 pizzas, 10 boneless wings and sodas. He said we had 11 sodas, I told him i drank water as did my father in law. he took them off then I saw he added $10 for a tip, I asked him to remove that as well. This guy was mad, I signed the check and put a zero on the tip line, I asked my wife for cash. He saw the zero on the tip line and literally threw the receipt towards me. I stupidly gave him a cash tip when I should have clocked him in his cocky head. This place sucks, it is FILTHY and the service is awful. The food is ok if youre into eating pizza from someone elses table and raw foods. This seems like one of those snobby places that have been there a while, has their regulars and could give a s**t less about new customers. I officially loathe this place and will NEVER be back!!!!!!!!! F
5	SICILIAN BORN AND A FOOD EXPERT!   Absolutely the best _experience_ real homemadefood_ new york style pizza-calzone stromboli- homemade lasagna-  the sauce out of this world fresh made and not from  cans  - i don't miss new york  and my grandma` cooking anymore !!!!
1	This establishement does not appreciate their customers only the high prices they charge for cheap food.  This place acts as if they are doing you a favor by taking your order and even though the owners speak English they don't know how say Thank You.I placed a large order for our departments party and the pizzas we got were the worse, dry,hard, and cold, just like the guy that took my order. I also ordered 7 orders of boneless chicken wings and they should be renamed ground-up chicken by products parts. Cluck you !! for having this crap on your menu.  I'm Italian and this place is an insult to my culinary heritage. Ciao !!
2	I feel like living in Florence, I have to like A&M, but the more I think about it, they're pretty average. The pizza is delicious. A little greasy, but what pizza isn't? They all are pretty friendly in there, I haven't had much in the way of bad experiences with the customer service. The thing that really gave them 2 stars was that they took my favorite food. Not just at A&M, but my favorite food from anywhere, off the menu. I'm a vegetarian, and the best veggie burger I have ever had is from there. I had to of eaten it at least once a week. Every time I went in, they would tell me I was the only one who ate it. It would make sense for them to take it off the menu if that was true, but by removing it from the menu, they have lost my service entirely.
2	Pizza was decent.Nothing to go out of your way for. Individual salads were disappointing. Mostly lettuce with a couple random slices of red onion and halved cherry tomatoes. Food service was very, very slow and not friendly or energetic.
2	ExWe were hungry & passing through Florence my friend ordered a dozen wings & we ordered a medium pizza but we were hungry so we asked for bread sticks to munch on while we waited on our food. Wings came out first and my friend enjoyed them. Bread sticks showed up when the pizza did. So much for having them to munch on.  The bread sticks were raw in the middle and burnt on the ends. The pizza was just okay. I have a suspicion the chicken came out of a can & the bacon looked like the precooked stuff you get at the grocery store. The crust was good but the sauce was almost too tomato flavored. Not enough spices, sugar or flavorings added. Bottom line. I could have made better pizza at home. Oh & we had to ask for refills and the waitress never came back to ask how we were doing after the food showed up. Won't visit again. $45 for a medium pizza,  12 wings, 2 sodas  a order of bread sticks. Wasn't worth it.
3	We occasionally find ourselves going through Florence. My wife loves their fresh baked breads and I find their pizza is really pretty good. We've been there three times and the service has been pretty slow, but not bad for a small family business.
4	Wow! If you are ever in Florence Arizona or just passing thru, this place is definitely worth the stop. Great thin crust pizza! I didn't get a chance to try their desserts but I will next time for sure.
4	Best (only) Italian food in Florence, AZ! Pretty good food, decent casual setting. Good attentive service. Alcohol is kinda expensive, but no biggie.  The bread sticks have lots of good garlic.  All in all, a good meal in a small town.
