5	This is a peek into the next great History Channel show! Go see Danny and his shop if you love cool cars and bad bikes!!! Good look at what everyone else will see at the end of this summer!!!
1	The Count "hell" The Douche Bag is a more fitting description . Has anyone ever seen this guy do any actual car work ? Went to Vegas last week for the first time and went to visit his garage. Imagine my disappointment  when I pulled up in an industrial park with dozens of cookie cutter buildings with a small sign "Counts Kustoms" drawn by a 3 year old pointing the way.We drove in past dozens of "cracker box" buildings until we spied their COE flatbed poking out from behind a building. We started to head that way when this long haired, long bearded, crusty fellow rolled up in a gold cart to tell us to go back and park in the street. 'Their filming today and SEMA's in town' he said 'but their still doing tours and you'll have to park in the street'. So we were being told that the film crew and SEMA were more important then 2  fans that had come 1200 miles to visit. Most importantly I'm disabled with a huge handicap placard hanging from my rear view mirror. This compounded by the fact we were looking at dozens of empty parking spaces made us quickly realize we weren't in Iowa/Nebraska anymore. Where folks are friendly and look out for their neighbors. So the next time you tune in to his show just know you are watching an arrogant, untalented "Douche Bag".
4	If you are a fan of the show, you can visit Counts Kustoms in Las Vegas.  The place is literally in a light industrial park.   However, there is a public area where you can come in and see Danny's own car collection and buy souvenirs in his gift shopYou can see into the garage/workshop from a distance, and we did see one person we knew from the show.  Not sure if Danny every makes public appearances or not.The girl at the front was very friendly, but the other employees we dealt with were not particularly pleasant.  There is some cool merchandise for sale, but the prices are a bit high -- $25 for a Count's Kustoms T-shirt.
4	Good one to check out.  Super easy to drive to and they have a nice showroom.  They guy there says that Danny is usually on site 5 days a week because they are shooting "counting cars".  Hurry there...they are very welcoming.  We loved it.
4	I am thankful the car collection at Kount's Kustoms is free to see but it is disappointing that you can only see a handful of cars close up.  They are packed in the shop sometimes five deep.  You have to follow the ropes and they only take you on a quick loop.  I understand the building is rather small for the number of cars that are in there making it difficult to carve a path for guests to see the cars more closely but with some minor rearranging of cars, guests could be able to see much more.  Rest assured that the cars you do see are absolutely beautiful.  Also, the staff is great from the receptionist at the front to the lady at the counter in the gift shop.  And you may even get lucky enough to see somebody from History Channel's "Counting Cars" that follows Danny "The Count" and his assorted crew of gear heads, artists and crash tests dummies.  Infact, yesterday I saw Shannon and Roli.  My uncle was talking to Roli for a bit.  It is a cool place to check out but you can get through it rather quickly.
5	I am a fan of the show and cars so I decided to stop in.  We got there on a Sunday when they opened at 10am, not many people.  It was a nice clean place.  Decked out in Count's style with the purple couch and stuff.  After signing in on computer kiosks, they let you in for FREE to look at the Count's private collection, see a Horny mike display and go through a gift shop.  I thought the people were very friendly and the cars were AWESOME!  They not only let you in free but let you take all of the pictures that you want!!  I thought it was great.  The gal behind the souvenir counter, when asked "Is Danny Here?", her reply was, "He is always here and he is upstairs, we don't let him come down because he likes to chat and wouldn't get anything done."  LOL  I thought that was funny.  I am interested in getting a vintage car and I was curious if there were prices but I didn't see anything like that. I really enjoyed this experience.
4	Pretty cool place and no admission charge.  It's well worth stopping by and checking out.
4	I enjoyed it.  I met Horny Mike and the small european dude, maybe his name is iggy or whatever but at any rate they were both really nice down to earth guys.  The shop is cool and really clean.  I think it is great that they allow you to check out Dannys collection and all this is for free.  Awesome shop Awesome guys breath of fresh air...
5	My wife and I visited on a Thursday.  We came down the driveway to the parking lot and an employee waived us down to a parking space.  I believe the concession part relating to Mangement of the public outside is handle by the same company as Rick's Restoration and the Pawn Stars.   All the staff was very friendly and answered questions.  Parking was very easy and a short drive from the casinos.The people inside we're very helpful and you were free to wander to look at the cars.   The cars were pretty nice and looked like they were driven sometimes but the 32 Matchbox Roadster.  It would use a good detailing.  The rest of the cars I did not get that close to to look at.The tour guide I asked about the 32, was not that knowledgeable about the actual cars.  He thought the roaster was built in the 40's which it could not of been with design of suspension and the 327 Chevyin it.A 327 was first produced in 1962, so car was probably built after 1962.The shop was very Very clean, but no public restrooms, either there,Ricks or Pawn Stars.  We bought some nice Shirts and coffee cups there.We saw Grandpa there at the lunch truck, and several other employees that we had seen on TV.  I really appreciate the Count for his business skills.   He was not there but the counter person said he was there most of the time.I believe she said, he was out of state at a car show.You could see a little bit of the shop, where they were working on a car preparing for paint.  Too bad there were not windows so you could see in the shop like Ricks.  Over all a very good experience worth going to when in Vegas if you are a fan.
3	cool spot to check out.  But not much there but some cool cars. Of course this is a car show and its all about cars but theres no tours from anyone, no one explains anything to you.  You walk in, look at the cars and walk out.  Boring to me.  Cars in front, gift shop to the right, exit to the left.  Thanks for coming!  Come on now! I know its your 2nd season but you're not small fish anymore.  In your short run you've become on of the most popular shows on history.  Thats saying a lot.  Have a tour atleast.  Not asking to go into the shop and smell the paint or play with the tools.  Just wanna know about the cars on display.  Thats all.
4	Same cousin in town who took me to Rick's Restoration took me here. Turtns out this place is, also, a reality show that he watches.Needless to say, it was beyond busy during SEMA week.Super cool vintage motorcycles and old cars with one of a kinda paint jobs. I'm not into cars or anything of that sort but, I found this place to be a place of art. There was, even, a cool looking Porsche (I think) that I can picture James Dean driving.
5	Wow, we ran across this by accident, it just happened to show up in our GPS as we were headed out of town. The staff go out of their way to make you feel welcome, you get to see a bunch of the county's private cars, and it is free!Will come back next time we are in town.
5	Get a GPS or take a taxi because it's hard to find. Once you get there it's hard to park in the right spot. We had to move. They are in a boxed in area with  limited parking. Other businesses rent there too and I'm sure they hate the fans taking all their parking. An employee keeps telling people to move their cars.The first thing we saw was Horny Mike's bus outside. When you get close the paint is amazing. It glitters in the sun.You walk in the shop and right away you are at the counter where they filmed many times. Beyond you find Danny's collection of cars. There are enough cars that you must adore at least one of them. You can buy trinkets and such if you like. They don't take you in the working shop areas but the tour is self guided and free. I loved being in the shop. I think you would love it too if you've seen the show.
5	I am a sucker for reality TV.Counting cars is another one of those easy watching shows, my husband likes the cars, I like that the guys are so easy going and just plain nice, you don't see that much now a days anymore.A lot of guys from the show were there, I had no idea this place had a following like Pawn Stars.(though they don't have a line around the building or charge entrance)Easy parking, sign in, and walk right in to see Danny's private collection as well as some other fun stuff.They have an overpriced  gift shop, but who doesn't.My husband loved their Dickie's jackets, but $145 is steep.That aside, everyone was super nice, the vibe cool, the cars amazing and my guys got a nice break from the girly stuff they had to put up with the day before, win win.
5	This place is in an industrial area near the railroad tracks that run parallel to the strip and takes a bit of driving around to find.  Once you are there they do have people directing you where to park which was nice.  You walk into the waiting room that you often see during the counter shots on the show and they attendant there gives you the run down.  After that they pretty much let you wander around Danny's car collection, take pictures and shop the gift shop.Grandpa and Roli were working....well Roli was working, Grandpa was on break and actually schmoozing with customers in the shop!  Saw a really nice old Chevy being worked on.Horny Mike's bus wasn't there but his bike that he raced against Scott was along with many other examples of the shops work.As others mentioned its too bad that you cant see a bit more of the active part of the shop but I guess the tourists are still a little less of a priority than the people dropping big bucks on the cars, which I totally understand.
2	This was everything the other reviews said just don't go thinking you will see anyone. Just cool cars and as usual over priced shirts and stuff . If you like the show it is a good stop but keep your hopes low so you will not be disappointed .
5	Kind of difficult to find parking but once you get out, you are greeted and told that we can do a self guided tour through the doors.  We detoured to Horny Mike's bus which was pretty awesome!  You walk through the doors and get into the familiar lobby where you have to sign in.  Inside you see Danny's pretty massive collection.  Just cool to see some of the cars in the show (like the white Countach you have to hang out of to back up).  There's also a display for Horny Mike's helmets which is awesome.  The day we went, Kevin was talking to some people in the gift shop.  If you're close enough and ask him to take a picture, he obliges but we could tell he was busy and weren't within range.  As we left, Horny Mike was outside and was really nice and let us take a picture with him.  Overall I think they are pretty down to earth guys.  The fact that they still need to work to make a living probably makes them different than other reality TV stars
4	Neat to walk threw but the merchandise is extremely high priced.  They are very talented.
5	Very nice car collection friendly staff but didn't get to meet anyone from the show but we saw Danny pulling up to the shop in his van that was cool...
5	Friendly staff, awesome cars and lots of other builds from the show. I had a great time taking pictures and buying a few counts shirts. Don't expect to see Danny or anyone else from the show, that way you won't be disappointed. 5*'s
5	Soon as you drive in several of the vehicles from the show in the parking lot. Horny Mike came out & took pictures with the fans. Danny's penchant for vampire decor is clear as soon as you walk in the door. Very dark room, padded walls, coffins, etc. I was very excited to get to see all the cars. Friendly, helpful staff, a must see when in Vegas!!
5	Visiting Counts Kustoms is very much worth the trip! To see their work done on TV is great but to see the cars on person is Phenomenal! I wish to one day get a car done by Danny & the boys
5	My wife and I went here while on vacation. it's a little tricky to find, but if you have a GPS it'll get you close enough to spot the place. They had a guy on the street to wave you in. parking was easy, Horny Mike's bus was parked out front. (amazing) We went inside and the receptionist was very nice, commented on my tattoos, mentioned that Danny had a parlor as well, and that I should go check the place out. We went on the self guided tour and saw some amazing cars inside, had a conversation with a few other patrons, then we went outside to the parking lot. There was a guy out front (i'm assuming he was security of some sort) He noticed my tattoos and started a conversation with me about them. He had many tats as well. He was a very cool guy, answered many questions that he probably has to answer over and over again on a daily basis, but he was very cool about it and didn't make it seem like it was a bother. All in all this place is f'n cool and I had a blast. I would recommend this as a stopping place for anyone that is into the show, or into cool cars and cool people.
5	I had family in town and called the General Manager Joe to arrange a tour. He introduced us to Kyle who was an awesome down to earth kind of guy! He gave us a great tour and not only showed but explained to us how the shop works. I recommend going on a tour and picking up some swag before you leave! If youhave a car, send it to them and get it KUSTOMIZED!
1	count's kustom is another joke just like west coast customs it's about the tv show and the money.  was going threw there last year with a 52 suburban i  was driving home from arizona, they say on the show there a one stop shop. well anyway i  had a timing problem and was close by so i stoped in to see if i could get one  of there guys to set the timing. they said the only way they will do any work you have to request it by email then they will decide if they want to do it. ok one stop shop. then they show you the way  to the counts collection and you come out at his over priced  t-shirt and jacket shop. i still watch the shows,  but its all about the money.
5	My  husband and I love this show  and we decided to stop by the shop. It was a great time. All of the staff was very friendly, from the kid telling us where to park to the nice girl selling me my Count's Kustoms Cap. The collection was amazing. Seeing the coffin couch was fun. I might have to have Danny build me one someday. :) It was a great experience. We didn't get to see any of the guys but that's ok. Maybe next year we will  get lucky. :)
5	Just got back from a great trip to Vegas.  Went to Count's and we were very pleased.  Cars were awesome, as well as the bikes.  The staff was extremely helpful and friendly.  Bought shirts, took pictures, and loved the bus!  Great  job guys!  Went to Vamp's after, that will be another review.
5	Fantastic we love the show back in the uk, really nice to get to go where it all happens nice to see all the cars etc nice friendly staff loved it defo be back :)
4	Nothing in Vegas is free. However a trip here gives you a free look into part of The Count's personal collection. The showroom was great. Being able to see his personal collection up close is amazing. Walking through those front doors was unimaginable. Did not get a chance to see anyone from the show inside the building. As I walked around, the only downfall to the experience was the setup. A lot of the cars are bunched together so you don't get a great look at his entire collection. But still awesome to see what you can. I was lucky enough to see Roli out in the parking lot as I was leaving and took a picture with him. Did not expect to see him driving a Mercedes. Overall though, definitely a must go.
5	Staff was extremely friendly and polite. They were a great reflection of how genuine Danny appears to be on the show. I accidently drooled on the floor by the '67 GTO, sorry Danny! This is a great visit if you are in LV. When in Vegas, visit Counts Kustoms!!
3	Nice car collection. Hard to find. Mostly good staff and easy parking. Can't really complain about a free tour. An employee was happy he could be loud and obnoxious because as he said out loud , all the bosses aren't here.
3	Beautiful car collection here ....some you've seen on the show including Danny's coffin table! The work area is draped off from public view so you won't be able to see any guys working.That was a bummer even though I did'nt expect to see the guys from the show.If you want to buy a shirt hold your breath....$45 for a shirt ....totally ridiculous! One big let down is that they should have someone on the floor with knowledge of the vehicles and show...you simply walk through on your own. Still worth the visit and it's only 5 or so minutes from the strip.
5	Great place to visit if you are a fan of the show or just a car enthusiast. Danny's private collection is on display here and there are definitely some interesting cars and bikes in there. Also, they have a decent selection of merchandise, although the prices are a bit high. Would have been nice to see some of the guys from the show. Horny Mike's bus was outside, so he was likely "working".
5	Lots of cool cars, parking is busy but it's vegas so deal with it. The staff is around and they are very friendly.
4	Wife and I visited here on our first trip to Vegas (20th wedding anniversary!).  Looks bigger on TV, of course, but it's free and the staff is very nice (cashier, I think her name is Rita, was a sweetheart).  Bought some t-shirts and got to meet Ryan and Gary.  Both were also very nice and posed for some pictures with us.  Only disappointment was when we were leaving.  Horny Mike (my wife's favorite on the show) pulled into the parking lot, but would not get out of his car.  We thought that maybe he was on the phone and waited for a good while (it was near closing and we were the only ones in the parking lot), but he still didn't get out.  His car was parked in a roped off area, so we asked one of the guys at the desk if they would text him and ask if we could get a quick picture with him.  Went back out to the parking lot and he was still in his car.  We waited about a half hour and then left.  Oh well, everyone else was great!
5	This was the nicest, cleanest group of bikers that I have ever met.The cars and bikes are amazing.
5	If you are a fan of Counting Cars you have to stop here. We went on a Monday morning and it was busy, but so worth it! You can see Danny's car collection and take pics. They have a gift shop at the end of the car tour which is fun to shop in. You gotta get a Count's Kustoms T-shirt!!! Love Danny and his crew!!
3	If you are fan and if you appreciate nice cars, this is a good stop for you. For me, i enjoy the show but not  a fan of fancy cars in general so it was ok. My bf appreciated and oohed and aahed over the cars. We spent a lot of money on souvenir shirts and caps. KK was the most expensive of the 3 History Channel store shows. Coolest designs though.
5	We went to see Danny's collection of cars and check out the shop.  Our boys loved it as did we.  A couple of the guys took the time to answer my sons questions about the cars.  And even entertained them a bit when he offered to buy Danny's favorite car for $ 100 bucks.
4	Checked this out today and was overall pleased. Staffers telling you to park was very handy. Your eye is immediately captured by Horny Mike's bus outside. Inside after a quick sign in, you can pretty much roam the alloted area freely. It's great to see cars you've seen on tv. That said, cars are stacked on top of each other, making it hard to see all the cars and there is almost no signage to indicate what's what. More casual car fans like myself would have appreciated the help, I saw another guest wondering aloud what a given car was.Still, considering it's free and they don't advertise it as anything other than what it is: a chance to see Danny's collection,  you can't complain. Fans should enjoy the quick (maybe 15 min) walk through.
5	This guy lets you come to his shop and look at his car collection for FREE!!!! You can't go wrong here.  He's got beautiful cars and bikes to look at.  If your in Vegas you should go check it out
5	Love the show so being able to see the car collection up close was a real treat. Even bought a shirt that Danny autographed. Thanks for the show.
5	Second time in here.  Each time I have visited, I have been greeted very pleasantly and welcomed in.  I appreciate that, as sometimes with TV show locations, you are looked at as just another fan or tourist.  Danny seems to have communicated well to his employees that it really is the public that keeps them going.Awesome display of vehicles.  A number of cars that you see and love on the show are there to see, including the gold and blue custom van that was bought by the guy on the show that built it.  Very cool.  I guess he still hasn't finished making the payments to Danny yet!!  Of course the Shelby and the Caddy and the coffin car are great.  The electric car Roly found is a scream.  And the bikes are stunning.Nice display of shirts, jewelry and accessories, though I feel they are a bit overpriced.Koker has done an amazing job in creating a product and show that people love, including me.  He appears on TV to be just a great guy, hope to meet him someday when I can get back to Vegas. I'd love to show him the classic car that I own!
5	This was awesome! I wasn't sure what to expect because hours before I was at the Pawn Shop and didn't find anyone there to be very friendly. At Count's everyone was really cool. The girl at the door was super nice and made me feel very welcome. I will be back for sure!
