5	Walking through Oakland at night, one cannot help but notice the sugary, sweet smells drifting from this Pittsburgh ice cream institution.  It's not just the ice cream.  It's not just the cones.  It's not just the milk jugs or the UPitt employees that serve with a smile.  It's the entire experience of having ice cream on a hot summer day.I first came here during my first day in Pittsburgh and loved it.  Sure, I got the Birthday Cake flavor (somewhat kiddy), but it was still good.  Having M&M's at the bottom of the cone to stop it from dripping is the greatest idea ever.  Dave and Andy's have got ice cream just right.
5	Dave & Andy's was a staple of my college life. This is a must go if you ever stop by Pittsburgh. Was ranked one of the top 10 ice cream shops in the country in USA Today back then... Haven't found a better place for ice cream since. One of the few things that will make me go back to Pitt someday!... that and the 'O' fries! Both the ice cream and the waffle cones are made on the premises and taste fantastic... small touches, like the M&Ms at the bottom of the cones, seal the deal.
5	The waffle cones are amazing. The ice cream is really world class. I remember one late spring day when they were selling cones as fast as they could make them. The waffle machines are pretty cool, and the smell of the cones being cooked is awesome.
5	The best ice cream in the universe. Really. Nothing else needs to be said.
4	Yummy!! Definitely tasty for Pittsburgh. I've been to Cape Cod nearly every summer, and the ice cream here is similiar. It's also been ranked within the top 25 in the nation, right?
5	how can you not give 5 stars to a place run by Andy, after he names his new dog Sydney Crosby?  A classic Pittsburgh cultural institution--been around on Atwood Street for 25 years now.  Took some great ideas of handmade ice cream, and made them even better.  One of the very first to offer "add-ins" (sugary candies, chocolates you could sprinkle on top of your ice cream cone or cup).  The waffle cones that they make there fill the air with a baked smell that gets you salivating.   The Decade may be gone, but Dave and Andy's lives on.  My one stop in Pittsburgh, no matter what.
4	I wish some flavors weren't so popular that I wouldn't get to try it when I come in after lunch. Or I suppose I could wish that they would make more of said popular flavors. Only been there once or twice so far (during Pittsburgh visits), but it surprises me that they ran out of the pumpkin pie flavor by 1pm last time. Could have been the blistering October heat (95 degrees, hello). What I was able to get, however, I thoroughly enjoyed. (Though it could have been the blistering October heat again ;D) No drips off the waffle cone - had to make sure none of it escaped. I'm up for going back again. (And, next time, gadget... I'm gonna get a taste of the special before it's out).
5	i haven't been here in years, but it is the best ice cream i have ever had. even after all this time i can still taste it. i greatly miss it and hope someday to go back and have more. everything is homemade right down to the yummy waffle cones. i am a huge fan of anything chocolate, but i must say their pumpkin pie flavor is amazing!! if you are in pittsburgh, make sure not to miss dave and andy's!
5	so good one of my favorite ice cream places in general =)
4	I never would have known about this great ice cream except for a friend who was showing us around his old campus. When asked if we wanted ice cream I mistakenly said no way. But I am so glad I changed my mind.Right when you walk in you are overcome with the aroma of the homemade waffle cones. It smells really good! They have about ten flavors and everything is homemade. You can sample as many of them before you make your choice. I choose the cookies and cream. It was really good. But I have to say the waffle cone smells better than it tastes. It kind of tastes too sweet and a bit like orange. At the bottom of the cone you will find a M&M surprise! (It stops the ice cream from leaking out the end).
4	Every time I come back to Pittsburgh for a visit and am in Oakland, I make a stop at Dave & Andy's.  In my mind, it is totally worth it just for the homemade waffle cone with the surprise in the end :-)
5	There's a USA Today article, an old one, posted on the wall here.  It lists the Top Ten Ice Cream Shops In America.  Many years ago, being bored and young, I said what the heck, and visited every shop listed above Dave & Andy's on that list.  Tom's Ice Cream Bowl in Zanesville, Ohio, was the strongest competition for "best", but only won if you counted the food; Dave & Andy's, hands down, was the best ice cream we got to try within a drive from Boston to Florida.The waffle cones are to die for, and the ice cream is fresh, delicious, and perfect in almost every way.  Really, best of the best.
3	Very good old fashioned ice cream. It certainly is miles above national chains. The decor of the shop is something of a throw back to an earlier, simpler time, which I also appreciate.The taste tends to be very creamy and a bit overly sweet to me. They do not offer a particularly wide selection of flavors, and those that they do offer tend to be the tried and true, a tad on the boring side.I do like Dave&Andy's, but it does not have a hold over me -- which is perhaps just as well, since my office is only a block away!
5	I LOVED coming here when I used to live in Pittsburgh :)You simply must come here if you are visiting!The ice cream and the waffle cones are all homemade, and the prices are very, very reasonable. There's almost always a line during the summer, but it's so worth it! You can sample as many flavors as you like before you commit, my favorite is the Birthday Cake flavor!The ice cream and their waffle cones are simply amazing, and I love how they have the surprise M&M at the bottom of the cone.
4	Homemade waffle cones.  YES.  Every subsequent waffle cone I will eat shall pale in comparison.My raspberry sorbet could have used a little extra 'oomph' from an add-in, but then again I guess I should have expected that, having ordered sorbet in one of the top ten ice cream shops in America, right?  Ah, well.Still, refreshing sweetness on a warm summer day after a walk in Schenley Park.
5	Best ice cream in the city.  Get the waffle cone with the m &amp; m in the botom.I love the birthday cake flavor.
4	Totally delicious. Ditto everyone who has mentioned the waffle cones they are heavenly. I had the cookie dough ice cream which has chunks the size of a small country :)
4	I make a point of stopping here when I visit. A big part of the appeal is the homemadeness, the unimpressive surroundings, the neighborhoody feel. The ice cream is very good, but there is more to it than that. And yes, everyone else is right about the  waffle cones. Get one.
3	Pretty good ice cream. The flavor selection wasn't great, as it was hard to choose a flavor. We picked "wildberry something." It was good but not very memorable as I can't even remember the name! I've read all the rave reviews on the waffle cone....but it wasn't my thing. It was very thick, almost cookie-like. The m&m was a cute surprise at the bottom though.
5	Not much to say - it's just delicious. And they were extremely patient with my friend who was having trouble with the menu, even as the line was stretching out the door. Not a single person, even the staff, seemed to mind the line, and it was clear after my experience (and the food) why no one minded.
3	I had previously had their cookies & cream ice cream when a friend brought a pint over, and I wasn't impressed.  It was pretty bland and freezer-burned with only minuscule flecks of cookies.  In the store, I tried a sample of the blood orange sorbet, which was completely flavorless, and I was getting ready to give up when I decided to try the cookie dough ice cream.  It was creamy with HUGE chunks of cookie dough - exactly what ice cream should be.  The cone was good but not great.As for the store and the staff, a long line moved quickly and the store smells delicious due to the made-in-house cones.  I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again, but it's definitely not bad if you're in the neighborhood.
5	This is the best ice cream in America, bar none. My favorite flavor is strawberry shortcake. Unfortunately, I don't think they make it anymore - and even when they did, it was rare. Still, it will remain my favorite forever. Their other flavors are awesome as well, including cookies and cream, rocky road, and birthday cake. Seriously - this place is awesome.The only thing I'm not a fan of is their waffle cone w/ the M&M at the bottom. I prefer the sugar cone.
5	SOOO good ice cream with fresh made waffle cones. Fav standard flavor is their birthday cake, but there are so many to choose from (including special ones like oatmeal raisin, or blueberry cheesecake).i really think this is my favorite, even against graeter's in cinci.
3	I consider myself somewhat of an ice cream connoisseur.  Dave and Andy's offers reasonably priced hard-packed homemade ice cream.  However, I didn't think it was anything special.  When I was here there were about ten flavors to choose from, all pretty run-of-the-mill, and I went with birthday cake.It wasn't bad, heck, it was ice cream--but it was really nothing special.   I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again, but I'm looking forward to trying other ice cream places in Pittsburgh.
4	i was considering giving this place 5 stars, but after trying out multiple flavors i have come to the conclusion that only their birthday cake flavor is really good so no. 4 stars only. not a must-go to place but probably the best ice cream there is around pittsburgh
5	Always amazing. If you can - get the pumpkin ice cream with granola mushed in. Incredible.
5	If you're looking for the best ice cream in Pittsburgh, this is it.  You can tell it's going to be good just from that intoxicating smell coming from the shop!  The service here is quick and you get a lot of ice cream for the money...and man, is it good.  The birthday cake ice cream is my personal favorite, but I've never met an ice cream I didn't like here.  The waffle cones are made inhouse and are particularly delicious, plus they have an M&M in the bottom.  It's a great place to go!
4	High quality ice cream, great flavors, and a Pittsburgh original. What more could you want? :)
3	My birthday cake w/ hot fudge rated a underwhelming "ok," but my mom's sorbet was mostly ice-- I wouldn't even have eaten it but she soldiered along through half of it before tossing it out.  I thought it was kind of dingy for such an ice cream place, especially one that was so hyped up.
4	I love this ice cream place because of their homemade cones. You can smell the sweet and buttery aroma on the street before you get into the store.Although I like their ice cream, I don't recommend their ice cream cakes. I once bought one for my friend's birthday. The ice cream layers were so hard to cut and the cake layers were so mushy. I think it has been sitting there in the fridge for a few days. Cold stones definitely has better ice cream cakes.
4	Dave and Andy,I miss you. It's been 3 years since I've seen you. Not a day goes by where I don't think about how sweet you were to me. I remember those warm summer nights where I stood in line waiting for you, you sure were busy. And what was that cologne you wore? Eau de freshly-made-waffles?  I miss the way you make me smile and most of all I miss that darn m&m you hide for me to savor. But unfortunately, we weren't meant to be. Au revoir mon ami!Malia
1	Bitchiest customer service ever. I'm sorry I asked for a sample, I didn't know you were gonna go on a 5-minute lecture about how if the description of an ice cream says white chocolate cinnamon habanero, it probably tastes like that. Sounds like customer service might not be the strongest point for you...
4	What makes Dave and Andy's really special is the freshly made waffle cones. And the little surprise (alright, I'll tell you - it's an M & M) that prevents the ice cream from dripping through the cone and onto your sneakers.This was my go-to ice cream place for many years in college. It's definitely worth a visit if you're in Pittsburgh. The ice cream is creamy and unique. It had that college town vibe, but it has the product to back it up.Love their cookies and cream and I'll never forget both a banana cream pie yogurt and the chocolate malt (made with beer) although neither have been on the menu on my last two visits. If you don't know where in Oakland this place is, just rely on your nose and follow the delicious scent of fresh baked waffles. Yum.-eatthisny
4	Good ice cream place with a hypster coffee shop vibe.  Take it out or sit in.  Smooth, creamy texture,  clean non-overpowering flavor.
5	Haven't been here in a few years, but definitely the best around.
3	I don't think that Dave and andys really lives up to all its hype. While they do have a diverse and interesting flavor variety, the ice cream itself could be creamier. If you're looking for a waffle cone you won't be disappointed, but I wouldn't bother with parking in Oakland to make this place a destination.
4	Great ice cream with the best cones that have magical m&ms at the bottom.
5	Perfect summer night! Strawberry& Very Berry yogurt on a waffle cone for me.  Birthday Cake on a waffle cone for him.  Oh so good!
5	I have a hard time being in Oakland and not stopping at Dave and Andy's.Their yogurts have a great texture and are allegedly '97% less fatty' (ha!) than the ice cream. As long as they have a chocolate-based yogurt flavor in stock, I'm a happy lady.
3	Food: 3Decor: 2Service: 3Came here with a friend since I was visiting CMU.1. Orange pineapple sorbet and dark cherry ice cream in a waffle cone, 5So-so. This place has got nothing on Jeni's or Ici. The sorbet was very icy, and the dark cherry ice cream wasn't that great. Waffle cone was pretty good though, although it would have been nicer with chocolate at the bottom instead of an M&M.
5	Yum! What tastes better on a sweltering summer day? Nothing!Warm freshly made waffle cones and a couple scoops of home made ice cream. Mmmmmmm. Its the best.
5	My favorite homemade ice cream joint. Whenever I'm down in Oakland I never fail to stop by and get myself a good waffle cone of whatever I'm quite feeling.The ice cream here is something special. You can literally taste the home made goodness of it! The vanilla is just one of my all time favorites here, simple yet just so rich! And their birthday cake is a rather unique (yet awesome!) flavor!And let's not forget about that surprise M&M at the bottom of your waffle cone :)
5	Favorite homemade ice cream place in America. My favorite flavor is Cookies & Cream. Dave & Andy's makes one of my favorites, Blue Bell makes the other. Both are not readily available to me in my hometown of NYC. Woe is me.
5	Simply amazing. The best cone you'll get anywhere... warm and yummy with a secret M&M at the bottom (also functional as it clogs the cone, preventing drip).  They make the cones and roll them up in front of you... it's a nice display as you're waiting on line.  The smells coming from this place are so good!!!The ice cream itself, homemade, is special too.  My fave is the pumpkin pie.  Anything you order will be awesome... can't go wrong.
4	I was super excited to try Dave & Andy's, especially bc I loove waffle cones and was excited about the surprise at the bottom!The waffle cone itself is very crunchy and fresh, and definitely tastes homemade. The only thing that annoyed me was that it was almost TOO brittle (or maybe I'm too strong?) bc parts of the cone kept breaking apart while I was holding it.The ice cream itself is good. Not super creamy like I like but the flavors are there. Birthday cake is a little overrated but then again, I'm much more of a chocolate fan...I'd go back! :)
5	Quite possibly my favorite Ice Cream of all time.  If there is one single thing I miss about "Da Burgh" it is Dave & Andy's.  If you like really extra creamy Ice Cream like Cold Stone Creamery this might be a bit mild for your taste. However, I fucking despise Cold Stone. That shit is gross.  So the less creamy Dave & Andy's is perfect for me.  Not to mention the fact that  they make the waffle cones right in front of your face when you order. It's amazing.  Then they drop in the "seceret surprise" (the M&M!!) at the bottom of the cone, which makes that last bite spectacular.  Also the M&M also serves to plug up the hole in the cone so you don't lose any of that precious Ice Cream.  I can't say much else...  if you don't need the 'extra' creamy Ice Cream, Dave & Andy's definitely will not dissapoint. Pros: Pretty Much EverythingCons: It's in Pittsburgh and I am Not
5	A trip to the den of squalor which is Oakland can be instantly redeemed by a trip to Dave & Andy's.  Their ice cream is simply incredible; the right amount of creamy and sweet.  Their flavors are outstanding and clearly homemade -- the birthday cake has sprinkles, cake and frosting in it, and the cinnamon is unexpectedly delicious (and made with real cinnamon).  Also don't forget the waffle cone, which is always amazingly fresh and a perfect complement to the sweetness of the ice cream.
5	Dave & Andy's has FANTASTIC ice cream. The M&M in the bottom of your cone is ingenious, too!! An awesome stop on a warm summer evening. The only con? Everyone else wants ice cream, too, so on warm summer evenings, expect a line out the door!!!
5	I just graduated after 4 years at CMU, and I can confidently say that Dave and Andy's ice cream is the only food I'll miss from Pittsburgh.  They have many interesting flavors of the day, but cookies and cream is a solid staple that never disappoints.  Whatever flavor you choose, make sure you get it in a waffle cone, you'll smell it the moment you walk through the door.
4	Was in Pittsburgh for 2 nights and came here both nights for giant, cheap ice cream loaded with sprinkles for the kids. Didn't like the chocolate ice cream, but the vanilla and confetti cake were great. If I had been there another night, would have gone for the handrolled cones, which smelled great.We were here in summer, so the lines were short and students scarce.
5	Oh Dave and Andy's. I'm not sure what I could say more than handmade waffle cones but I can try. Right when you walk in, you can already smell the fresh batter throughout the small store. That is, if you can even find a time frame where it's not always out the door. I think that's a clear sign of good ice cream yes?I've gone a couple of times but yesterday was definitely the best for me since they had carmel cookie marshmallow and it was just bliss. Marshmallow in every bite and it had a creamy texture that wasn't overbearing. I've had pretty good ice cream before in New York, but Dave and Andy's definitely takes the cake.
5	Four words:  BIRTHDAY. CAKE. ICE. CREAM.  ...WITH A WAFFLE CONE.  Okay, so that was more than four words.  But it was necessary.  Very, very necessary.  Trust me.
5	Cookie Dough Ice Cream!That's really all I have to say because if you are a cookie dough fanatic like me you know that it is all about the amount of cookie dough in the ice cream. A good quality vanilla always helps things along, but Dave and Andy's had the most cookie dough I have ever had in an ice cream.  Seriously you could have fished out all of the cookie dough in the pint and made a half dozen full size cookies!Can't wait to go back and try some other flavors!
4	I don't really care for the cones here, but I do adore the birthday cake ice cream. It is the best I have ever had! Instead of the typical yellow cake, there is chocolate cake swirled in! Ginger is pretty tasty as well. The berry crumble was too sweet and was a disappointment.
4	I've heard good things about this place so I had high hopes, but nothing was too special. Despite the sweetness, the ice cream was still good and filling. I got the birthday cake!The interior is cute and fun looking. Good for little kids. (:
5	Birthday cake ice creamOr anything else, really.Eat away finals.(b)
4	Had a homemade waffle cone with Almond Joy ice cream.  The servers were friendly and the ice cream tasted good.  Pretty much what I'm looking for when it comes to dessert.  Will definitely be going back the next time I visit my boyfriend here in the Burgh.
4	i try to stop in whenever i'm in oakland.  love the birthday cake and cinnamon flavors.  nothing beats homemade ice cream!
5	Probably the best ice cream place I've been to. These guys have been hyped up by everybody, but it's all for good reason.
3	So I really enjoyed the cookies and cream ice cream plus the waffle cone was delicious, but giving it only 3 stars after learning that a majority of their ice cream is actually made by a place in Ohio. I would have never guessed that after seeing all the "ice cream made on premises" signs. Most of the innovative ice cream flavors (such as the ones containing beer) are made right there but a majority of the familiar flavors are made in Ohio.
5	The first of it's kind in Pittsburgh, and although there's lots more competition, Dave and Andy's is still a clear winner in my mind.  The ice cream here is handmade and quite delicious.  The cones are made fresh and taste wonderful. Best ice cream in Pittsburgh.
4	Amazing place to get homemade ice cream! I have a google offer for this place that I haven't used it, but i just don't want to eat $10 of ice cream by myself.  I always love walking by and smelling the birthday cake.  Their ice cream is so indulgent and creamy that I avoid entering the store for fear of gaining weight.  It is a treat to be enjoyed on occasion tho, I'm so glad that this small business gets lots of love in the summer.
4	Man, the ice cream is so good here.
4	Even when it is 17 degrees outside, I'll make it out to Dave & Andy's if I want some ice cream. Solid. No I am not talking about the treat but the taste. I tend to always go for the cookies and cream or birthday cake in a waffle cone. I know kind of boring in that I always tend to get the same thing but the ice cream is consistent.
3	My wife really wanted to stop in for ice cream (it was snowing outside) so I think I may have to give it a try again.  The flavors were creative.  We tried the cake batter and chocolate banana.  They were good without being overly sweet.  I generally like my ice cream on the creamier side, and this was a little bit on the lighter side of my liking.  The place was packed even on snowy night, so I would guess it is a local draw.
5	This ice cream shop might be the single reason I lived in Oakland for so long.  Like Adam C. said, you're bonkers if you don't get the waffle cone.  The cones are so good and there's a M&M at the bottom to prevent dripping.  The chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream is the best I've ever had, and I'd consider myself an expert in this arena.  I can't take an out-of-towner on a tour of Pittsburgh without stopping here...Even once when it was only 11 degrees outside.  It's THAT good.P.S. - Cash only.
5	Four Words: Birthday Cake Ice CreamHonestly, when I was living in Pittsburgh I'd have to make the trek down to Oakland just for this ice cream every once in awhile.  It is so creamy and fattening its really amazing.  Nothing comes close in Pittsburgh.  The aforementioned birthday cake ice cream truly tastes like your eating a cake and I would recommended it to any first timers for a culinary experience like none other.I'm going to be in Pittsburgh in a couple months and for sure I'll be stopping at Dave & Andy's asap.
4	Full of homemade flavors, fresh baked cones, and aromatic greetings that hit you as soon as you walk through the door, Dave and Andy's is a winner.  When it comes to your standard classic ice cream parlors, it's hard to beat this Oakland favorite.Personal favorites include fresh waffle cones, birthday cake ice cream, and birthday cake milkshakes.
5	It's great that after graduating from Pitt 16 years ago, I can bring my kids here for their excellent ice cream.  They were making the waffle cones right in front of us and the ice cream is just so delicious.  Nothing better.....anywhere!
5	An Oakland must! Old-fashioned ice cream in waffle cones.  Sometimes the line can get a bit long, but this place is sweeter than Dairy Queen and Creamier than Cold-Stone.
4	This is definitely a Pittsburgh classic.Anybody that walks in here can tell that there is a place in every Yinzer's heart for Dave and Andy's. The walls are filled with pictures of soccer teams, ads for local attractions, and posters for the University of Pittsburgh basketball teams. Servers are nice and always wiling to help, and don't glare at you when you ask to try practically everything on the menu.While I think Dave and Andy's is fantastic, I do think that their ice cream is a little too rich for my liking. Additionally, since the ice cream is homemade, the consistency of the flavors aren't always spot on. The birthday cake flavor is definitely my go-to flavor, but on my last visit, all I got was a mouthful of icing, and no sprinkles :(
5	Best ice cream in the state! The smell of the waffle cones wafting through the front door and into Atwood Street made for a very difficult decision 20 years ago as a student at Pitt; do I spend my last 5 bucks on a cone or at a keg party? I wish I could say that the cone won out more often but hey, I like beer. So the cone winning at all speaks volumes to the quality of this ice cream!This is how ice cream should be. Their peach ice cream is the best! It's made from wholesome, honest ingredients...unlike that place in the middle of cow country whose peach ice cream is named after a football coach who only pretended to be wholesome and honest. Boosh!I just wish they still made the Dave & Andy's Grateful Dead ice cream kid t shirts! Hail to Dave & Andy's! Hail to Pitt!
5	Hands down the best ice cream I've had in ages.  They have traditional flavors like vanilla, cookies and cream and strawberry but also unique flavors.  I sampled the chipotle mexican chocolate and it was to die for!  Sweet chocolate flavor that was finished off with a hot bite of the chiplote flavor.  The freshly made waffle cones were crisp and flavorful.  The M&M at the bottom of the cone was a nice touch to prevent dripping.  I may have to steal that idea when I use sugar cones at home.  It was pricey for an ice cream cone but totally worth it.
5	Best ice cream in Pittsburgh!
5	absolutely loved this place!  it was the first time i'd been to one and i will keep going back. i sampled a couple and finally went with the oatmeal raisin flavor. innovative flavors that are delicious and available in both ice cream and yogurt style. and the prices are quite reasonable. finally somewhere in pittsburgh to give the coldstone a run for their money!
4	Ice cream is made on the premises with a variety of traditional and very unique flavors. Walking past these place you can smell the waffle cones and sweet treats that are made behind their doors. Definitely a place to check out.Negatives: Cash only. I think they have a machine where you can take out money through an atm-like transaction, but it does charge.Although delicious and I swear by it, I think their ice cream is a little over-priced.
4	Delicious ice cream and milkshakes! Just make sure you bring cash as they don't take credit cards (and have a shady "ATM" that's not really an ATM).
4	I love the relaxed atmosphere of Dave and Andy's Ice Cream.  The walls are adorned with various accolades and awards that Dave and Andy's has been given through out the years. The ice cream is superb. Creamy and they don't skimp on ingredients.  I had the almond ice cream and my little sister had a root beer float, the total was $6.40. Every mouth full was filled with almonds. I ordered a two scoop on a cake cone. You get a lot for your money here. The smell of sweat buttery walfle cones greet you as your walk through the door. That alone sets this ice cream apart from all others in the area.  Treat yourself to Dave and Andy's trust me you'll be happy that you did.
4	Best ice cream in Pittsburgh.I love Dave and Andy's. The smell of the place is enough to draw a crowd from miles. With delicious and often experimental flavors there is always something new to try. The price is right too. The only SMALL complaint I have is that the place is a little run down inside. It's kind of dirty and small.Try the sweet cream-- it will change your life. Highly recommend.
2	So I'm the first to give Dave and Andy's two stars? There are many things I like about D&A's Ice Cream.  First of all, it's centrally located in "University alley", right off of Forbes. As such, you can get there easily.  Second, the service is (almost) always friendly.  Lastly, they offer a plethora of choices. They have standards like chocolate, mint chip, and cookie dough, but they have several yogurt, no-sugar-added, and sorbet options. My favorite is the Mexican chocolate (chocolate with a spicy bite!)Then there are the things I don't like much about D&A's. For one, it is centrally located in "University alley."  You heard me. It's a double-edged sword to be in this part of Oakland. There's so much to do and see, but walking down Forbes reminds me of being in high school, fighting my way through crowds of people who haven't mastered the art of WALKING yet. But I digress. Sometimes the crowds I see deter me from going in. While the homemade ice cream is perfectly good on its own, the D&A's people cannot seem to master the art of making a milkshake. On more than one occasion, the staff have either given me shakes that were too watery or not sufficiently blended. Lastly, I highly recommend you bring cash. Oh sure, Dave and Andy's accepts debit (not credit) cards, but you have to maneuver through a labyrinth of BS in order to use it. First, they charge 99 cents for paying with a card. Fine. I know small businesses sometimes lose out when they have POS systems in place. But the strange thing is they can only charge you in multiples of $5. So if you get $6 worth of tasty frozen treats, they charge $10, and give you $4 in cash back. I just don't think getting ice cream should be such a big ordeal. And sometimes I don't carry cash. Sorry Dave and Andy's, I'll probably go elsewhere.
5	Not a huge fan of frozen yogurt because I love the old fashioned artery clogging, diabetes inducing, creamy goodness of ice cream. Everyone who lives in Oakland/Pittsburgh area should experience this icecream. The smells of the creamery waft through the air beckoning....Even when it's below freezing I'll wander through the welcoming doors of Dave and Andys. Every flavor is amazing, never had a bad pick! The best is Kahlua though.
5	Loved the vanilla caramel almond!   Takes cash only- but there is an ATM inside for $2.25
2	Honestly, this is average ice cream. Not sure why there are so many favorable reviews. Unfortunately this place is not worth going out of the way for.
5	It should be a 6 stars. We went to try it today because the weather is so nice. It is a real hand made ice cream. you can smell the sugar corn from outside of the store. Both my husband and I thought it's the best ice cream that we have. Ignore the negative feedback.  I wonder if it's from other ice cream store. We Love it!
5	I am not an ice cream fan.  I don't like cold stones.  I almost never get ice cream at the grocery stores.  I worked right up the hill from Dave and Andy's for about 2 years and never went down knowing it was an ice cream shop until my co-worker dragged me down there because he wanted ice cream.  And of course I got addicted to it.  You walk in and all I smell is freshly made waffle cones.  And then I started going 1-2 times a day 5 times a week.  And only to this ice cream shop.  I won't touch any other ice cream but Razzy Fresh, but that's frozen yogurt.
3	We went back again this week on a cold day and had a mine chocolate chip. It was not very good. I also sample some chocolate ones and I didn't like it. I can see why people gave lower ratings. Here is what we think -- on the good day, they would have more gourmet  ice cream because they know that they are going to get a lot of people. The favors on our second trip are totally differently from the first trip. My favorite is the raspberry swirl from the first trip and they dont have that when we went back No white chocolate either.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped here last night the first time after venturing Oakland. We loved the smell of the freshly made waffle cones that hit us once we walked in! We sampled great flavors like cinnamon cookies & cream (yogurt), apple pie (yogurt), & birthday cake. He settled on Cinnamon Toast & I chose Chocolate Almond.  Everything looked delicious-- even the vanilla & I'm no fan of that flavor.
5	I want to live in the store. FOREVER.
5	First, a shameful admission. I don't like ice cream.Those previous five words have gotten me responses ranging from loathing to pity. Gelato, milkshakes, water ice, fro-yo, and other cold concoctions? Fine by me. But I'm utterly apathetic to ice cream. However, there is one, and only one, exception that I've tasted. The sole ice cream I will gladly seek out is Dave and Andy's.Dave and Andy's creation hits all the high marks, from flavor to texture to temperature. The ice cream here truly tastes of what it's supposed to without being overwhelming. Everything has a malty backbone which adds a unique savory sweetness to each flavor. The ice cream here isn't served excessively cold, and the texture is creamy without slickness. The killer waffle cones are homemade and complement the malty sweetness of the flavors very well. Even the low fat yogurt is awesome.The lines can get long, but they move fast. Prices are reasonable given the quality, but bring cash. They also make a mean ice cream cake. Stop by and see if it's worth the hype (spoiler alert: it is).
4	Dave & Andy's is my favorite place to pick up ice cream on a waffle cone in Oakland. Customers will disagree on their favorite flavor, but all residents of Oakland can agree that the smell from the housemade waffle cones which is emitted from Dave & Andy's adds a delicious aroma to the corner of Forbes and Atwood.Note, D&A's only accepts cash.
4	I'm not a big Ice Cream type of person. I'd say it's better than chains like Coldstone. I felt like it's a bit touristy (right in the middle of UPitt's campus so there's always parents and their high school/college kids) so I'm not that impressed. I do think for Ice Cream in Pittsburgh, you can't do better. 4/5 just because of the average customer type.
5	I love that you can smell this place from blocks away!  Their cones are amazing!
5	To better judge this review, you need to know a bit about me.  I like ice cream. I really like good ice cream.  I don't really like cones.  Waffle cones haven't really been my thing.Now to the review.  I really really like Dave & Andy's ice cream.  Their coconut might have been the best ice cream I've had and their thai ice tea was sweet and delicious as well.  In spite of my distaste for them, I was talked into a waffle cone.  It might have been the best decision I made all night!  They make them fresh daily and drop an m&m on the bottom to make sure your ice cream doesn't leak out.  Either I need to change my outlook on waffle cones or Dave & Andy's are truly special.  Go check them out for ice cream and don't forgot the waffle cone!
5	Home-made Ice cream + Home-made Waffle Cones = Best Ice-cream Place EverIce cream has the best texture, the best temperature, best level of sweetness. They also put an m&m at the bottom of their waffle cones to prevent leakage.Favorite Flavors - Moose Tracks, Butter Pecan, Almond Vanilla FudgeHaven't had any ice cream in New York that can beat this place yet.
5	It's as good as it gets! Great creamy, rich ice cream with a waffle come, just made!
4	COOKIE!!Okay, so I'm not the famous blue puppet, but get me near Dave & Andy's and I turn into the proverbial cookie monster faster than I'd like to admit. Their Cookie Dough ice cream is so packed with cookie dough that I've been tempted to bake it. Just in case that wasn't enough, though, they also offer waffle cones that are made in-house, with an M&M treat hidden in the bottom. If you're in oakland and need to cool down, you can't do better than Dave & Andy's for a great ice cream snack.
5	I really liked Dave & Andy's. Among the places I've had ice cream, Dave & Andy's is one of the best. It's fresh, well-made, and pretty cheap. It blows places like Cold Stone or Ben and Jerry's out of the park. They offer a wide assortment of unique flavors, and every one of them tastes superb. I've been to a lot of ice cream stores/creameries, and Dave & Andy's ranks among my top choices anywhere.
4	I always come here with my niece, she calls me the coolest uncle cause I spoil her with ice cream everytime I come to visit. I enjoy it as well. Makes me feel like a kid again.
5	I dragged Minerva in here the other day after catching a whiff of their delightful waffle cones while out for a stroll.  After much deliberation, I decided upon the apple pie yoghurt.  Minerva was being somewhat cantankerous and I suggested that the white chocolate cinnamon habanero might cheer her up, but she "didn't need any cheering up, thank you very much, Albus." :(Anyhow, she refused to get anything, the party pooper, but my flavour was smashing!  Like the pie had been transfigured into ice cream right in the back of their quaint shoppe! Magic indeed.
4	THAT ICE CREAM WAS SO GOOODDDDD!! The only reason I am giving it a 4/5 stars is because I think it's too sweet as you get to the bottom and then the M&M becomes WAY too sweet. However, I could eat the waffle cone all day. I got the birthday cake which is absolutely amazing. It really is a Pittsburgh gem.
5	This place is amazing!I have never had home-made ice cream and I can't go back to the freezer section of a supermarket after this. The flavors they have are so innovative, I remember seeing a white chocolate habanero flavor which I thought was neat.Their waffle cones are made there and tastes great with a nice chocolate nugget of happiness in the bottomThey only accept cash but that doesn't matter I would go to the nearest PNC ATM if I didn't have cash and withdraw some to get ice cream from there.It can get packed on Friday and Saturday nights so be careful with that, you can wait or just go earlier in the day
5	The best Pumpkin Pie Icecream I have ever had. They were very nice and serve you with a smile. Very pleased with this place as a tourist. Makes me want to come back again tomorrow.
5	I can't remember the first time I've been here because I've been here too often within the past year I've lived in Pittsburgh. Regardless, the smell of the sweet homemade waffle cones never get old. I can't get a waffle cone anywhere else now because it doesn't even compare to Dave and Andy's. Their homemade ice cream is just heavenly. I always go for their yogurt section which they always change. My favorite is the Thai Tea flavor, the dark chocolate raspberry and cookies and cream. It's a bit over priced but it's worth it! In addition they constantly change flavors as well as changing it seasonally such as apple pie ice cream or pumpkin cheesecake. lOVE it
4	Went here during the winter because it's never too cold to have some ice cream. A waffle cone with two scoops goes for $5, but well worth it. Please trust me and get the waffle cone over the boring sugar and wafer cones! It was probably the best waffle cone I've ever had and it comes with a little m&m at the bottom to catch the leakage. Birthday Cake: Had I discovered this sooner, I would have just asked for an ice cream cake with this flavor instead of getting the ones from Carvel every year. It comes with sprinkles, bits of cake, and frosting --so delicious.Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough: Usually I don't go for this flavor but it is really good and one scoop has a ton of cookie dough. Coconut Cream Pie: Very creamy with bits of pie crust and coconut flakes. Dave & Andy's is a great ice cream shop to go to, since everything is homemade and super yummy!
4	If you like homemade delicious ice cream, this is the place for you.  My favorite is the birthday cake ice cream in a waffle cone.  Their mint chocolate chip is very good as well.  I used to work across the street from here and would stop by all the time.
5	One word - YES
5	Back when I was at Carnegie Mellon, I would often make the 15 minute walk (each way!) into Oakland just to get some Dave and Andy's.  I got to have some again while visiting Pittsburgh, and it's good to see that they have not done downhill at all.Their ice cream quality is above-average to good (which is several steps above any chain).  They make their own and they have really cool flavors.  Some of my favorites are Apple Pie, Oatmeal Raisin Cookie and Cookies and Creme, though I don't recall ever having something that I didn't like.What moves Dave and Andy's from very good to awesome is the waffle cones.  They make them in-store, and more often than not you can smell them even if you're just walking by.  They're light and crispy, and taste delicious.  They stick an M&M on the bottom to prevent dripping, but you can turn it into a mini guessing game too.Without a doubt, one of the must-try places in Pittsburgh.
5	Friend and I stopped by after having dinner nearby, this was around 830pm. We joined the line (that ended just short of the entrance door) awaiting our turn. You can see them making the waffle cones while doing so too. You can try out their flavors before deciding which one to get although I did feel a little bit pressured to choose especially with the worker standing on the other side giving me a you-better-choose-fast-and-not-give-me-problems-cause-it's-been-a-helluva-long-day-I'm-gonna-kill-you look. Quite ironic since they're selling sweet stuff. Anyway, got a two scoop (rocky road and caramel fudge) waffle cone for $4. By the time we left the store, the line was out the door! So many people. Despite the grumpy looking worker that I'm willing to overlook (notice the 5 star rating), the ice cream was awesome! Will definitely be back for more. And I totally forgot to take a picture of my ice cream cause I was too busy trying to devour it all.
5	I love Dave & Andy's more than anything and it's one of my favorite places to go in Oakland. They're open all year round, which is a plus when you're craving cold treats in the winter and Rita's isn't open. The smell of fresh waffle cones is absolutely delectable. They have a variety of options to choose from, including frozen yogurt and low/reduced fat ice cream. They also make shakes and floats, sell cartons/pints of prepackaged ice cream/yogurt, and ice cream cakes! There are new yogurt/cream flavors practically every time I go there. I tend to go for the unusual ones, like the chili/habanero flavors. My favorites are the coconut frozen yogurt/ice cream, white chocolate cinnamon habanero ice cream, and cinnamon apple granola (?) yogurt/ice cream. You can try flavors before you purchase if you're not sure what to get!Everything is priced relatively cheap considering how delicious everything is, and staff are always friendly and generous with sampling.
3	Dave and Andy's is good but nothing special - I'm not quite sure what all the hype is about! The white chocolate habanero is very tasty- and spicy - but besides that everything is the standard flavors.
4	D & A's is my go-to place for ice cream in Oakland.  Although it's not the best ice cream I've ever had, they have the best regular non soft-serve ice cream I've had in PGH to date.  Like other reviewers, I definitely recommend getting the waffle cone--it's delightfully crunchy, light, and sweet, not to mention freshly-made.In terms of flavors, I'd recommend the chocolate chip cookie dough and the birthday cake.  I wouldn't call myself a huge cookie dough ice cream fan, but I really enjoyed their version, due to the high cookie dough: ice cream ratio.  I was skeptical about the birthday cake flavor, but I tried it out of curiosity, and it was great!  It has sprinkles, frosting, and cake all mixed together.  Try a sample if you're uncertain (that's what I did), but I think you'll like it! 4.5 stars.
5	excellent taste and the way they made their home made waffle cone right in front of our eyes was really fascinating. I ended up ordering carmel and my girlfriend ordered strawberry and irish creme. both tasted excellent.very good ice-cream for reasonable price in the heart of Oakland.will visit frequently.
5	Oh man oh man oh man how I missed this place! Best ice cream ever. Best waffle cone ever. I can never resist the smell of waffle cones whenever I come near this place.I'm not a fan of super sticky sweet stuff, like most American sweets. I grew up with more European style pastries and Asian sweets, and they are either not too sweet, or you consume very little bits of it. D&A's ice cream is in the first category -- it's creamy, fluffy, delicious, and not overly sweetened. It's definitely one of the best ice cream I've had.Guessing the color of and finding the M&M at the end of the waffle cone is always a joy too!
5	Amazing ice cream! Amazing atmosphere! Amazing service!There's really not much more to say. Dave & Andy's is a safe bet everytime, and it's fairly affordable stuff, too! True story: one visit, I witnessed a wedding party stop, park, order ice cream, and continue on with their wedding business. That's how good Dave & Andy's is.
5	Smells like waffle cones and happiness. The variety of frozen yogurts and ice creams is impressive. I definitely recommend coming here!
5	One of my FAVORITE ice cream places of all time. I love the creamy texture of the ice cream that is slightly dry and chewy. It doesn't melt as quickly as a soft serve. I really like that the flavors are constantly changing. Must try flavors ( depending on the season ) with a waffle coneBirthday CakeThai Iced TeaApple PieBlackberry Oreo
5	Nothing beats the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough ice cream.  The cookie dough is always soft and fresh and never too hard or frozen.Get it all on a in-house made waffle cone with an M&M on the bottom.  The best part is that the M&M always ends up a bit melty from the warmth of the fresh made cone.
4	What a gem smacked in the middle of Oakland. Every time I walk by this ice cream shop, the sweet alluring smell of their waffle cones makes my mouth water. They have different flavors available depending on the day. I had the chance to try the cookie monster and chocolate cherry flavors. The ice cream is super creamy and really hits the spot. The best part was definitely the waffle cone--fresh and crunchy with a surprise M&M at the bottom. Prices are reasonable and many flavors to choose from. I highly recommend and will definitely return!
4	Dave and Andy's is an Oakland staple! Love how there is an M&M at the bottom of the waffle cones for a sweet finish. I always usually get the birthday cake ice cream. I have had birthday cake ice cream at other shops plus bought at the store and none of them compare to Dave and Andys!
5	HELLO BIRTHDAY CAKE ICECREAM! I was with some fellow Carnegie Mellon alum and they swore that I needed to get the Birthday Cake. I am not one to be craving ice cream but it was so good.
3	It's good but I expected it to be out of this world given the reviews. I think it's just a popular spot around here given the lack of specialty "ice creameries". It'll do the job of satisfying the ice creamvings....
1	I just got back from there tonight. I got a vanilla milkshake. This was *the* worst milkshake I have ever had in my life. I threw it out before I could walk back to my Pontiac Firebird with my date, Trixie. I don't whether the kid just did it wrong, but it tasted like I was drinking a glass of butter juice.I'm never going back to them again. I don't care that they are the only ice cream shop in town. I rather have a rabid terrier with the runs shoot its hot brown sluice down my throat then eat at this Dave & Andy's again.
4	My waistband is sad that this place is so close to school. I went here twice to grab some ice cream after class, and I was pretty satisfied with my choices both times! There may have been some second thoughts walking in (ice cream after pizza lunch...?), but there were none walking out. I picked vanilla caramel almond the first time, and kahlua cookies & cream the second. The former was definitely my favorite. + There's a nice amount of mix-ins for each flavor+ Waffle cones are delicious (although thinner than I've had before)+ Small size waffle cone for $3.75 (including tax) was more than enough for me+ The M&M at the bottom is cute (won't stop drips on hot days though)If you're around Oakland, definitely give Dave & Andy's a try!
4	I remember coming to Dave & Andy's as a kid, and I'm not as in love as I used to be.  It's still good, but I love it mostly for the nostalgia now.The raved about Birthday cake ice cream was NOT good when I sampled it.  I don't like very sweet things, but I couldn't even taste the frosting.  It just tasted like a very boring vanilla.  I'm not sure if it was an off day, but I wasn't impressed.I opted for the cookies and cream ice cream.  It has lots of cookie chunks and was yummy.  Not super creamy but a good ice cream, nonetheless.  The waffle cones and root beer floats I tried out were great too.The service was rude and not friendly, but I guess smelling waffle cones baking all day is really hard... Not.  Not angry workers would make this place a 5 star establishment.
4	Ginger ice cream is superbly creamy with satisfying chunks of crystallized ginger laced throughout the perfectly sized scoop.  The chocolate is milky and delicious.  A single cup with two flavors costs $3.00.  Happy camper.
5	You basically can never go wrong with Dave and Andy's ice cream. It's my favorite go to and not to mention it's open all year round. The home made waffle cones are must the only sucky part is that it is cash only but other than that it's one of the best ice cream I've ever had. I hate that when I leave to go home for the summer that there isn't any Dave and Andy's just when it gets super hot.Definitely a must!
5	Absolutely LOVE this place. The smell walking in is enough to make me fall in love. The ice cream is delicious and its open year round which makes it even better. Definitely the best place for ice cream in Oakland. I get ice cream here all the time and I am always trying new flavors and I haven't been disappointed once!
4	First thing I do when I walk in is bask in the smell of fresh waffle cones. Inhale a long and deep breath-- it's unbelievable. The waffle cones are something everyone should try; they're crunchy yet still have a cake-like thickness to each bite.The variety of flavors from sorbets, sugar free/low sugar, fat free, and regular is amazing. I had the butter pecan, and it was really creamy and good. The prices aren't ridiculous, and everyone should check it out!
5	You cant go wrong with any flavor at Dave and Andys. Really the only place in Oakland to get homemade, fresh scooped ice cream. The only problem students might run into, is that they only take cash, but the have an ATM inside.
4	Get the waffle cone! The surprise at the end is a nice surprise!Many flavors to pick from and the employees are always nice.Missing a 5th star only because they do not take cards which can be a bummer! ATM on site but it charges a fee. :(
