5	I had lost a front tooth in an accident, another dentist hit it with a drill bit and it shattered, I Should have sued her. Instead I allowed her to repaired the damage and it looked horrible!! I later met Dr. Smallwood who fixed the false tooth and added a few veneers for a perfect blend. It not only looked natural but 12 years later there are still many dentist that give me compliments on my beautiful teeth and "great dental work".
1	Purchased a groupon for $99 teeth whitening for my husband and I. We went to have our teeth "whitened" and neither of us had any visible results. We contacted the office with our dissatisfaction and were told to come back in for a "complementary" whitening. The morning of our scheduled appointment, we were called and informed that the second attempt at  "whitening" would in fact not be complementary as promised and informed we would be charged again. Extremely unprofessional to not stand behind your  commitment to an unsatisfied client. This is obviously a scam as neither of us had any results and they tried to collect a second time after offering to make it right. Buyer BEWARE!
1	I have been trying to get my $400 refunded for nearly a year.I called a few weeks ago and you said that you would check with the office manager. I still haven't received a call back about my $400+ teeth retainer fee being refunded. Your office is absolutely terrible at replying to emails, written letters, and phone calls. By the way, i already filed a Better Business Bureau report on your company. My friends and family are well aware of your practice and to stay far away from you and your team.Please get back to me ASAP. I want my $400 refunded to me.
2	There is obviously a problem here with billing. I received a very rude message that I "didn't have insurance and needed to take care of the bill immediately for $360" (which I question how on earth a simple cleaning and exam is this much)....I called back, provided them again with my insurance info and then received a bill in the mail for $911?!  They added the "free whitening" to the bill that I received for being referred to the office? Nice work. I will certainly not be paying this, but it's not something I enjoy wasting my time with. Save yourself the hassle and go somewhere else.
