5	When people visit my closet, I often say "Welcome to Ann Taylor Loft." I'd say about 85% of the clothes hanging in my closets (yes, plural) are from this store. I love their stuff. What more can I say? A lot more. Ann Taylor Loft is the more casual and less expensive version of the Ann Taylor store. Their clothes are very classic but with a touch of flair. Most of their items are fairly affordable, and they always have a generous selection of sales items.  Plus, it's safe to say that most regularly priced items go on sale fairly quickly. So if you are jonesing for that cute outfit that's a little out of your price range, you can come back in a few weeks and it should be on sale. And to top that off, they usually have great discount incentives -- i.e.: spending $50 or more and get a $25 off coupon off your next purchase. The salesgirls are sweet and friendly too.  They are never pushy, but always willing to help you in whatever way you need. A great store with fantastic fashions and nice salespeople make it a place that I'll frequent for years to come.
5	Great Staff and they are not pushy and all over you!! The woman that assisted me was so sweet and found me exactly what I was looking for!! The sales are amazing and I will continue to make this my first stop when clothes shopping!!
5	Very friendly saleswomen and the store is always clean and they usually have an abundance of sizes. Highly recommend this location!
2	After giving them a 5 star review, boy, did another sales lady set me straight. I have always been annoyed that none of their stores can look up previous purchases or receipts, so as a result, I've been good about keeping all of them. If you bring back an item without the receipt, they will only give you store credit. This time around, though, I threw out the receipt before deciding to return something. I told the sales person that I thought that was a really bad method and she responded that it's an old POS system, but it's "better for privacy," and, actually, "I think it's much better that way," she said. WHAT?! Whatever. Little does she know that after a ton of discounts applied to my purchase, I actually got that dress for significantly less than she credited me. So eat it, mean sales lady.
1	Omg!  I'm so upset that so how rude I was beening treated, I went in there for shoes & clothes.  I found one that I liked so I was holding one shoe and asked the lady ( well first, she was ignoring me when I went up to her she pretended that she was doing something when matter affect she look dumb running left to right behide the cash register :) ) when I finally get her attention and asked to try to shoe in my size, you told that the one I'm holding in my hand IS my size.   UNBELIEVABLE!!!  I was so pissed off I drop the shoe and walk out..   I'm so sad because I love their stuff.  :(
