4	This is one of the few car washes in this part of town as I think the next closest is Clean Freak Car Wash (not counting the ones at gas stations). I didn't feel like driving that far today so I decided to give Kelley's a try. Not bad.It has two drive trough car washes, ones where you pump quarters/tokens and do it yourself, and even a full size RV wash. I've never even seen a RV wash, much less an automatic wash so I was impressed. They also have a detail center and a RV dump station (I think $5). So they seemed pretty diverse.I went through the "soft touch car wash" (far left) and it seemed to do well. The automatic car wash on the right was labeled "quick wash" or something like that and the prices were the same. I was a little confused on how the automatic wash worked as I've only gone to the ones where it hooks onto your wheels and pulls you through. This one you drive up and the machine drives around your car and does it's thing.Here's a tip for you - before you go in grab the brush in the bucket and pre-wet/pre-scrub any difficult areas such as your grill or wheels. That way when the machine goes you have a better chance to get everything off as automatic cleaners generally do a terrible job on those items.So why the $5 star? I felt like the prices here were a bit higher than other places. I used to have the unlimited plan at Clean Freak where I could go as many times as I wanted in a month, plus I got free and unlimited vacuuming for something like $15 a month - here, the wash is going to cost you $5 to $9.I am no expert on pricing as I either buy the month plan and use it super frequent or I just wash it at home.
4	Excellent wash for the toys and their hauler!. Be sure to bring your own hose and planning your RV wash will pay off. There are stations on both sides of the RV Bay,  but a well planned attack with a talented helper and you can get most of both sides with one station. $5 for dump fee beats most places. Great wash.
3	This is a type of wash that offers options where you drive through yourself or park and has coin operated bays and vacuums.  I have only used the drive through options. They have one touch free and one soft touch car wash. It offers the typical options and versions of a car wash like Basic, middle ground that has more rinse cycles undercarriage and high end with wax Overall a decent place in a pinch for a quick wash, but with no free vacuums and no air hoses not a place for someone to really clean their cars thoroughly.Positive:Convenient as not many washes this part of town.Washes car ok Sometimes has brushes in buckets that you can use before you enter for Bug prep and rims brushingNeutral:Air dryers do ok on car drying but you should dry car after (this is the  case with most of these type of washes). But if you don't spot free rinse seems to do ok.On weekends they have kids offering to dry your car off for free (tips encouraged)Negative:Price a bit high for no free vacuumsNo Air hoses to blow out waterDoes not compare to Clean Freak or Surfer Express, those are at different level but also many miles away.
1	Not impressed. We drove from mesa with our trailer to wash it. You can only use the automatic stall if attendent is available. You also have to hook any tongue pulled trailers.  So we proceeded to the self stall. There are wands for both sides of the vehicle however we couldn't get the one on the east side to work so we wasted$5.00 that the machine ate. The machine would accept the coins down to the last quarter then accept the money but not advance the payment. Thus we left with a half washed trailer so disgusted that we drove half an hour because this wash had a great review. We will not be returning.
4	Great car wash for the price.  It's popular so be prepared to wait in line.Brushless and it got the yuck off my son's car.  Plenty of bays, RV basis included, but only two automatic ones.  Vacuums available.
2	I've gone to this car wash a number of times. The first few times I went there everything was just ok. My car left cleaner than it went in, but not as clean as I would have liked it. The last time I was there I entered the wash bay and it never started. I didn't have time to go find an employee and wait in line again. My mom said she had experienced the same thing before. I really wish I had better things to say, there aren't many places to get a quick wash on this side of town.
