5	After one bite of Momma C's lasagna, I was in love!  This is a cute family-run restaurant. We hit them up on one of their first nights open. My wife had the Chicken Slouvlki and it was excellent. (The table next to us all ordered the same thing. They were friends from a local Greek church and they recommended the Greek items!) But man I'll tell you - I dreamed of that lasagna last night. It arrived steaming hot with cheese perfectly browned. The sauce was obviously home-made... Just a bit spicy. Wow... Great stuff. For dessert we stayed with the recommendation of the other table and got baklava. Yum!  This new restaurant shows a lot of promise. We want to try breakfast next.
5	Great new casual place has big menu, good portions and reasonable prices. Had the eggplant pram sandwich. Loaded eggplant with melted cheese on freshly toasted roll. Will come back to check out breakfast. Parking is easy and staff is real friendly. Check it out.
5	Nice family restaurant.    The Denver omelette was delicious.
5	Nice little family run restaurant, you get the home vibe from it. Seems like the diners u see in movies. I hope these place sticks around. I'll be back
5	Have now been there twice and both times have been great. I am hoping that people will stop by and give this place a try. I know that the two previous restaurants failed and would hate to see a similar fate. The last visit they brought out complimentary spanakopita which they hopefully will be adding to the menu. I have never had before but it was delicious. Have had the Scampi which was very good and both visits my guests and I have cleaned our plates. They are open for breakfast so I am hoping to be there again soon for that. I urge people to stop by and they will not be disappointed!!
5	Causal and cozy little family style restaurant, good food and good prices. They even have baklava for dessert! The staff was really friendly, we'll definitely be back.
4	We were trying to figure out read some Yelp reviews and ended up here.   At first when we drove up the place looks closed - could be the very dark tinted windows.  However, once inside the place was empty.  About 20 minutes in 3 more families came in. Slow night since it was already 6:35pm.The chicken noodle soup was amazing.   My 2 year old got another bowl - it was that good. The fried pickles and chicken tenders was just okay since it was cut in quarters instead of sliced chips.My wife loved the broiled chicken on rice.   I tasted it and it was very flavorfull.Meatball sub was delicious as my daughter devoured 3/4 of a 9 inch sub topped with massive cheese.I ordered rib eye cooked medium but it came out well done. I sent it back and 2nd time was the charm.   Rib eye was cooked perfect, however my entire family was already done.  This was the reason I took a star away. Karen our waitress was super friendly and did an excellent job making sure we were taken care of. Very excited to try something new on the next visit.  Happy Eating!!!
5	Eating at e&n for the first time. Its very good. The chicken sicilan soup and fried pickles are delicious. The meatball sub was very good too. The meatballs were very flavorful and was complemented by the sauce. Nice crusty bread. We will definitely be back.
5	We decided to drop in after this restaurant was recommended to my dad by a friend. The place is moderately spacious but really homey - great for families. We ordered two gyros and the chicken souvlaki to go. The souvlaki was delicious, as were the fries on the side. My dad, a born-and-raised Greek, said the gyro was fantastic. The owners were so kind and welcoming, really wonderful people. To top it all off, we got a pretty hefty amount of food for a great price.  Highly recommended!
5	Done a lot of drive bys and decided to check it out.  The server we had, Brenda, was AWESOME. We are a loud, obnoxious family and she played right along.  The "E" in the "E&N" (I can't remember her name) was there and was a real sweet pea. Good ranch!!! I had the steak and onion  sandwich with prepress and mushrooms. Super tasty. Sister had a sandwich with ham....Dammit, I can't remember what it was called....was SUPER DELISH.  I'm ordering that next time. Reasonable prices. I hope they do well and we'll do what we can help that happen!!! Cheers
4	I love this little local restaurant. When my son and I eat dinner here, we are always greeted warmly. Brenda, our usual server, is always kind and welcoming. I always come back for the delicious lasagna. It's baked perfectly with oozing cheese and homemade sauce. Whenever I order it, I think I could never finish it, but it's so addicting that I never leave a crumb. My son always orders the spaghetti, which is consistent good as well. I hope this restaurant gets noticed by more patrons because it's always pretty empty when we go.
5	As often as I come to Vegas, I very rarely go out of the HOTEL to dine...  However this trip has made me change my mind now  :o)  E & N was a "fresh" wake-up call for yours truly - the FOOD was DAMN GOOD and the service was amazing....It is very seldom that I "single out" a certain THING that would make me come back to a place - however after meeting BRENDA (our Server/Waitress/New Friend), My and the family will DEFINITELY be returning customers here...!She made us all feel like we were at home with the family - and that is something that is not easily found these days....  E & N, I take my HAT OFF to you and your staff!!!!!Big Bob Pinkard
4	The name of this place might be a bit long but the food and service is outstanding.  Finally had a chance to eat here sunday.  The greek omelette was perfect for my liking and the waitress was attentive.  The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because it was a first visit and i reserve that for future visits.  As the name implies "family" place without any trendy vibe.
4	Came in for the second time after swearing we would not return after the first visit. I'm so glad we did!!! The gyros and fries were delicious!  We were not planning on dessert, but the chocolate fudge cake was decedent and EASILY is a treat for two.  We will surly be back!!!Peace, Love & Angels
4	I think this place has potential.  The hummus and pita are pretty good, I liked the chicken souvlaki, but I think they might be trying to do too much.  I wish they had more kebabs on the menu and maybe a little more of the typical mediterranean fare, though I know it's not their prescribed fare.  The service was pretty good too, but it was dead in there.  I think that might be a result of the location more than anything else.  The pricing was pretty good too.
5	Our return visit confirms it...BEST GYROS IN VEGAS!!!!The chocolate cake is amazing too!
5	Had dinner for the 1st time here. After checking Yelp for reviews and saw it was a 4.5 star knew we were in for a nice meal.Was very impressed with the serivice and the menu choices. The prices were very responsible and entire staff was attentive.  Will will definitely be back!New gem in the desert.
5	What a hidden gem!!!  Just had the best Greek food in Vegas.  Delicious food!  Excellent service!  The nicest people in the food business!  Not only Greek food, but, Italian, steaks, fish, sandwiches, even breakfast.  Great desserts, too.  Can't wait to go back and try something different.  Might be difficult, the Greek food was soooo good!
5	We had driven by on Friday and checked out yelp seeing great reviews so we stopped in for dinner Saturday - there were about 6 tables occupied and we knew the people at two of them - one family have been eating here every Saturday for 3 months and the other a first time yelper.We ordered a lot of food for us but it was all good and all was eaten.My kids had chicken fingers and Bacon Burger w/ onion rings & sweet potato fries - all was devoured.  We started with spanikopita and it was very good - very similiar to what I had in Corfu, Ithaca, and cephalonia - Greek food lovers will be happy here.We also had surf & turf w/baked potato and ceasar salad.  Salad and Baker we very good.  The fried shrimp were good sized and tasty with a perfect heat Cocktail sauce.  Steak was OK - not great.  Our friends both had the lasagne and said it was very good.We had the KOK cake for dessert - light chocolate cake with chocolate whip cream enrobed in chocolate - not a death by chocolate - just a coma -+ good stuff (we got the last one by calling dibbs partway through our meal).Best of all however was the staff and owners.  All very caring and attentive - these are obvious life long restaurantaurs who moved to Vegas to be near family and do what they love.  Great casual feel - good family prices - care going into the food.We will be back to try the Italian which is supposed to be great - we also had calamari and the red sauce tasted homemade and was good.This place is exactly what Vegas needed - tri- state folks think classic NY Greek diner (the good one not the greasy one).
5	Had the chicken Slovakia it was very good. Service was great we'll definitely be back.
5	Another great find. We ate here for dinner tonight for the first time an it was great. I had the chicken Slovakia an it was very good. The flavor of the chicken was amazing an so tender.  Served with rice an pita bread both were great. We both also had the chicken soup which is homemade an was very good. For dessert we had e baklava with chocolate an ice cream an it was sooo good. Also a recommendation by our server... The menu selection was great. The service was perfect an she gave us all the favorites an the ones she liked best. all in all this place is a must try. We will definitely put this on the list of our regular places to eat for dinner an breakfast both. Go try this place you will love it..
5	First impression was great, everyone was extremely friendly.  Large portions and prompt service.  I recommend their Lemon Chicken and desserts especially! Was very pleased with the quality and price range.  5/5
5	The kid and I finally stopped into this restaurant on Wed evening 10/1/14. My first impression was that the space did reflect its namesake. The restaurant is very homey and inviting and we also felt that from the staff as well. Definitely a place to take the family when you're too lazy to cook. I opted for the chicken parmesan and kiddo had the cheeseburger. I really enjoyed my meal. The pasta had a spicy meat sauce and the chicken parm was still crispy and delicious! I hate when i get chicken parm that's soggy because it's been soaking in marinara :-( It was also a nice thick breast piece instead of the usual pounded out thin cutlet. He seemed to enjoy his meal and also opted to finish my pasta as well. We both had a piece of the baklava and oh my it was a perfect ending to our dinner. The layers were very fluffy and flaky, even better drizzled in honey and chocolate.  The few baklavas I've had in the past seemed to be more compact and on the oily side.  Besides the food, I was also impressed by the price. Pretty affordable for such good quality.  Thanks Family Table for the great service! I'll be back to try the Chicken Souvlaki next!
5	Excellent and simple.  Very good food and friendly staff.   We will definitely be back!   Try the kok (pronounced coke) for desert, it's heaven!
5	Glad I read the reviews! I had the lasagna (best lasagna I've had in Las Vegas) and my wife had the chicken souvlaki on pita. We came with our 3yr old and 1yr old (they shared a grilled cheese sandwich, and had chocolate milks). These people are super nice and accommodating. The food we had was delicious. Without a question we will be coming back!
5	I'm so saddened ... Your amazing gyros & extra amazing sauce will never be forgotten!!Hard to see good family, food & service leave the neighborhood. Many blessing to you & yours along your journey!
