5	Urias Landscaping and maintenance have been handling my yard care, yearly clean ups and general gardening - plant me a tree, put in a garden bed and the like for almost 3 years. Recently I used them to completely remodel my backyard - new concrete patio, shrubs, palms, fencing, pavers, outdoor lighting, anyway you get the idea. They are extremely accomplished, the owner has completed training at the Phoenix Botanical Gardens and they are also very affordable. I love my backyard, Thanks Jesse and Oswaldo.
5	Jessie was called and came out that afternoon for an estimate.  They came out on time and provided a reasonable estimate for tree and bush trimming. I agreed with their price and they say they could come out the next morning to do the job.  The job was well done, even cleaning up the yard, which wasnt requested but appreciated. I will be calling them again for my next lawn needs.
5	Got 3 different bids for a big yard work job. Urias was the lowest bid. Sometimes I am a little hesistant about going with lowest bidder, but this time it worked out perfectly.They actually exceeded our expectations. Our yard has never looked so good and so cleaned up. There was a minor miscommunication regarding the grass growing under the trees, but other than that it was 100% perfect. They also fixed our sprinkler heads and our drip system, in addition to all the tree pruning and yard clean-up.
2	Did a great job on a major cleanup service and sprinkler repair that I needed.  I need more work done in the very near future, along with FINALIZATION of some repairs, but have been unable to get a return call.  Once repairs are complete, I would def give five stars.
5	WOW! My yard looks great.  Here's the deal.  I looked on yelp to get a good landscaper.  I decided to go with this company on a whim.  Jessie came by (when she said she would be here) and I told her everything that I wanted.  I need weeds pulled, spray, bushes trimmed, trees trimmed, blowing, etc.  After all of the monsoon rains and dust, my yard was a mess.  Today they showed up on time.  I will not give you the amount I paid because every yard and situation is different.  But looking at what they hauled away and what they did, it was well worth it.  One big thing they did....Jessie and her husband showed up with the landscaping crew.  Her husband over looked every piece of the yard to make sure that they were doing everything I told them to do.  Very professional.  I would use them again.  I have had some terrible landscapers in the past and they were excellent.
5	Repairs have been completed and love their service!
5	Urias did a great job at a reasonable price. Will definitely use again.
1	If I could leave Urias zero stars I would. Urias recently landscaped my front and back which consisted of pulling weeds, mowing, and trimming bushes and trees. In the quote Jessie claimed weed spray was included in the price and she and her crew would come over the following day at noon. The next day they showed up at 7:30 without a heads up phone call. That was all fine until once they were finished, I didn't get a knock on the door or anything letting me know they were done so I could inspect and make sure they did the job right. They just drove off and didn't even leave a receipt on the door. Once I realized they were gone, I inspected the yard and saw many weeds in the front yard and several out back in the gravel areas of my yard. I figured they sprayed the weed killer so they should be gone within a couple of days. A couple of days went by and they weren't gone. My husband gave Jessie a call and told her the problem and she said she'd be out to look at it that day (Thursday). She never came by. My husband called her again on Friday and she said she wouldn't be able to come by until Monday now. My husband informed her we'd be out of town and she said that's fine, that she'd do it while we were away. We received a voicemail on Tuesday that she came by and pulled the weeds but WE need to spray. When we returned from our trip yesterday we had her card with a note on the back saying we need to spray. Totally unprofessional. Why say we need to spray when it was originally quoted in your price? Why say you are going to pull all of the weeds yet when we return they're just thriving? Just a bunch of crooks in my opinion and wouldn't recommend their services to anyone.
4	But, then the next time I got a bid from them, they were pricey. :(
5	After reading the reviews I decided to call Urias Landscaping for an estimate on a mesquite tree removal.  When they came they quoted me a fair price and offered to get it done the same day.  That same day my tree was removed from my front lawn and not a trace of it left.  Their  business card states, "We're fast, Reliable & Dependable- At very Low Prices - Free Estimates", that was my exact experience with them.  Job well done Urias.
2	I got a quote from Urias. They were not very friendly on the phone. When they showed up in person, they were not much better. The owners are a husband and wife team. The husband and his crew do the work, the wife manages the business. They were not rude but they were not friendly either. They were very direct and unaccomodating. They had a "take it or leave it" approach. They were not flexible regarding when they could come. They said "We come to your area on this day of the week and you will have to have it done this day or you can't use our service" They were not flexible about scheduling either. They would not allow me to hire them just for the summer or 6 months out of the year. They said if I use their service, I'm required to hire them year round. The one positive was their pricing was fair. They were not asking for an arm and a leg like most of these landscaping companies. They were asking for $100 for the month which is pretty reasonable. But what ultimately made me decide not to hire them was their lack of flexibility and their high volume business approach. It seems like they do a lot of homes. I got the feeling that if you were not happy with their service or wanted something extra, they would not accomodate you. I would rather pay more and have more personal and flexible service.
1	We are currently very frustrated with these guys.  I think they charge a little more than they should, but really the problem is that they did some damage to property (melted an expensive outdoor vehicle tent).  I called and left a voicemail and also left my husbands number in the voicemail.  It has been five days since then.  Every time we call we go straight to a voicemail that won't let us leave a message.  We are both fairly certain that rather than deal with the damage they have caused, they have chosen to block our numbers.  We find this outrageous.  We thought they would at least call us back, but obviously if they haven't called back after five days they aren't planning to.  Do not use these guys.
1	I am sorry to say, but I did like Jesse and Urias, but they decided to diss me after requesting service.  They scheduled an appointment today and failed to show up, no call. I tried to call them to reschedule, but they did not return my phone call. Its a shame, because I liked them.
2	They did eventually call us back.  She said her brother died which is sad, that is why I added a star bc I'm sure she was distraught.  Things are fine now, though we are not using them on a regular basis anymore of course.
2	First time we dealt with them they did an OK job fixing out sprinkler. The second time things totally fell apart. Called them and they answered but said they needed to call right back. They never called. I contacted them several hours later and they let me know that they forgot. Ok, stuff happens. I explained I had a bad leak and would like to get them out asap. They were able to schedule me for the next day which I thought was great. Only, they never showed up and never called. I never heard from them again. I guess they forgot again. Messing around with them has set back my repairs even longer! Too many landscaping options out there to basically call up and beg to give them my money. Oh well, on to another landscaper!
1	Honestly, stay far away from this company. Its a husband and wife business (which I ALWAYS support when I can) - however they are so inconsistent. You have to keep tabs on the weeks they came, which most weeks they wouldn't shop up. If they show up, it'll be at 6am. Then, when you'd get a bill, they'd include extra's that I'd never authorize. The services were decent - never an amazing job. For $110+ a month for simple lawn service, you can probably find someone in the Valley much more reliable and consistent.Oh, not to mention the owner's wife Jessie is EXTREMELY rude on the phone - that is if she picks up.Edit: I'm pretty sure you can tell by the owners response to my review you can see how unprofessional this company is. For your concern Jessie - you were on speaker phone when you were speaking to my husband regarding OUR yard, so yes I did hear how rudely you were speaking to him.
4	The whole process from start to finish was pretty easy. They came when they said they would and gave me a reasonable price. I had them cut the front and back yard gras and they did a pretty good job. They left everything looking very neat and clean.
