4	Found this cozy little noodle shop while walking around looking for a decent (tasty but not too pricey) in this Chinatown plaza. I am a sucker for a good beef noodle soup, especially with thick chewy noodles, so that's three stars straight up ;) The noodles are hand-pulled and as a result are super long (think Rapunzel's hair) - like the whole bowl consists of about four noodle strands - and cooked just a little overdone, as they're a tad on the soggy side. But the broth is delicious, if a bit salty, with a generous helping of green onion and tender greens.Then, we found out you could order more portions of noodles to put into your bowl for just $1 more. So good and so filling! My sister and I ate three portions and nearly had to be rolled out of the place. What a steal.We also ordered their pork chop noodle soup - their regular thin noodles are just okay, also kind of soft - as well as pork chop rice and pig ears. All were tasty, with good breading on the pork chops, but definitely on the salty side. I drank copious amounts of water but had to flag down the waiters even when there was just one other group in the place. But it was almost 3pm when I was there so the older grandpas and grandmas that cook here were sitting down for a meal, but they jumped up when they found out we girls could eat. ha.I'm definitely coming back here when I want a change from the buffets next time I'm in Vegas. They also offer free wifi but you have to ask for the password... and open till midnight every day and 2am on weekends? NICE. Noodles for all!
5	I love noodles, and I am always looking for good noodle shops around town. Noodle Pot is definitely one of them. My favorite dish is the Beef Noodle Soup, and adding seaweed to the soup makes it even more delicious!
3	This review is based sole on their beef noodle soup. I'm comparing their beef noodle soup to Din Tai Fung's in Arcadia (which is the best beef noodle soup I've ever had, thus far). So, I've been to this place totaling 4 times now. I can say that their consistency of the Beef Noodle soup is a little off each time. The very first time, I was in love with it and then lately, it's seems like there's at least something missing. Even so, I still enjoy going here for their chewy noodles. Their portions are fairly huge and cheap too. Beef Noodle Soup: Soup tasted fine and the noodles are chewy but the beef was tough.I give it a 3 1/2 star for the lack of consistency.Service is a 4, the server girl is attentive and friendly.
4	This place is so tiny I almost forgot to yelp about it!  Yep, definitely a hole-in-the-wall, and a pretty good darn one at that!  I've only been here once while I was on my way to a performance, and I was a little skeptical.  The restaurants in Chinatown aren't the best, and there have been about three restaurants before this one in the same location.  But, Noodle Pot proved me wrong.I only tried their beef noodle soup since it was recommended to me; it's a decent bowl of soup.  The portion is large for a really cheap price.  The beef is super tender.  They pretty much fall apart when you bite into it.  Also, the noodles are hand made.  Hand made noodles in Vegas?  I've never had hand made noodles, so I don't know what the standard is, but these noodles are wide and flat.  The edges are sort of splayed, so it looks like it was just pulled or something like that.  The edges are soft and when you bite, the experience is like eating al dente pasta.  It's a little crunchy in the middle.  The soup is standard beef noodle soup.  I like Champion's more because the base has a little more taste (salt) but the hand made noodles is probably the thing that's going to bring me back.Make sure when you come here that you speak Mandarin/Taiwanese.  The place is owned by a couple that doesn't understand English, and the waitresses (who are their daughters, I think) speak a sort of broken English.  I definitely think it would've been easier for me to order if I spoke Mandarin, but the whole finger pointing works too.
3	I am always in search of a restaurant that serves really good beef noodle soups.  So I was excited to see the interior of this restaurant being put together a few months ago.I finally came here with another Yelper for dinner and to give their food a try. The restaurant was not busy at all (I was the only in there while I waited for my friend), so service was quick when we placed our order.I ordered the Beef Noodle with wide noodles $7.99.  The flavor was good,the noodles were chewy the way I like it, but the beef could have been braised longer.  I think China Mama and even Ay-Chung Noodle has better Beef Noodle Soup, so I will likely try something else here in the future.My friend tried the Babo Mian, which he said was good.  $6.99We also ordered an appetizer that was on one of the papers taped to the wall. The chicken was good, just a little pricey for the portion.Overall, I thought the restaurant was decent.  The food was adequate. Price was alright.   WiFi is free, but there is no place to plug in your laptop.Decor: 3/5  Nothing special.  Just a fast food restaurant kind of furniture and decorations.Food: 3/5  Okay, but definitely room for improvement.Service: 4/5  Efficient.Location:  4/5  In China Town.  Close enough for the tourists staying on the Strip, and locals wanting to eat at a restaurant on Spring Mtn.Cash only, which my friend said was the reason why he didn't dine here sooner, as he didn't have cash when he initially came here.  I know it is a business decision to process credit cards payments, but it seems that it is a small business expense to cover to not lose potential businesses from those intending to pay with debit/credit cards.
4	My new Vegas favorite Beef Noodle Soup local - 4 1/2 stars. After driving in from LA I was in need of some comfort food. Noodle Pot is difficult to find and is located in the China Town plaza - south west corner. The Taiwanese restaurant is small and the kitchen is tiny too. My waitress barely spoke little English but you can just mark the order sheet and she'll process your request. I went with the positive reviews on Yelp and picked the $6.99 Beef noodle soup, flat noodle beef soup is $7.99. Overall result - AWESOME - generous amounts of beef, Taiwanese lettuce & tendon. The broth had the best tasting flavor and I savored every drop of the broth and the noodles were cooked perfectly. See it: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5Lcit9Zt6TF9bmKoFMhF0g?select=aHzdQqU-WJw-6xO3C6vsxg The place is super clean and I'm looking forward to trying some other food here!
5	Yum, all I can say is YUM. Finally a small mom and pop store that sells authentic chinese noodles that actually taste good!We ordered:1) Beef Stew Soup Noodle (lamian)- wide noodles. Its a hearty, rich soup. Noodles are perfectly cooked, light and chewy goodness! Remember good korean & chinese noodles should have a bite, not soggy or too soft!2) Pork Chop Rice- the pork was not greasy at all, the ran out of rice so they gave up a bowl of vegetable broth with bok choy and regular noodles. The broth was very very light & had a slight hint of an onion taste!3) Zha Jian (lamian)- wide noodles. Its the orginal version of a korean chachang myeun. Sooo refreshing with the cucumbers lbean sprouts! This was my fav!4) Boiled Dumpling (chives)- mmmm tastes like my mom's homemade dumpling. Chives & shrimp chunks. 5) Meat cold dish combination- marinated tripe, pork, tendon. The sauce they used has a nice, slight spiciness to compliment the meats.Overall, my bf, friends and I would definitely come back here. We can't believe this place opened up last november. Also, you know they use real ingredients & not msg when you walk out without being thirsty :) I've always been a supporter of mom and pop stores & this store deserves an A+!!!
4	Thumbs up for the hand cut noodle.  Their regular noodle is also very good compare to all the other noodle soup places.  Their menu is not big but made me want to try everything on it.  The place is almost like an hole in the wall Chinese place.  It's small, simple and comfortable for  a noodle shop.  It's more in the northern Chinese food category compare to all the other cantonese places.  Beef noodle soup:  I love the texture of the noodle.  Beef cubes are tasty and tender (traditional way to make beef in Northern China).  I love the cabbage and the other veggies in it.  The only thing I don't like is that the broth is salty.  I will go back and try their other dishes such as dan dan noodle, Ja jiang mien, dumplings and so on.
5	YES YES YES YES!I hit the spot today. Went into the Chinatown Mall in Las Vegas today since it's a must visit place when your Chinese (well, this applies to any city). We were craving for some good Taiwanese food (something a little better than Tea Planet). This place hit the spot as we walked in. It was very similar to Taiwan's family owned shops. You walk in and the menu is on the wall on top of the cashier. Order first, then choose the empty table that you want to sit at. As stated before, the place is a family owned restaurant. The lady behind the cashier seems to be a relative of the cooks in the kitchen. Anyways, as we are waiting for the food... I observed the family owned business. They were super nice to all the customers. But one thing that strucked us was the Taiwanese spoken by the girl behind the counter. She had some funny mandarin mixed with broken Taiwanese. We were speaking to her in Taiwanese and correcting her as she goes. She wasn't mad at us or anything, but it made the wait time seem short. Food on the other hand was excellent. I love the beef noodle soup! It was very close to what you can get in Taiwan. Broth was definitely tasty and the meat was juicy and tender. Noodles were thick and flat! Oh, and unlimited supply of preserved veges for the beef noodle soup! One more thing, try their dumplings and their cold dishes. Those hit the spot too. In fact, it was so good that I craved to go back for the next 5 days while I worked in Vegas. They open til 2am on couple days of the week. Go! you don't be disappointed!
5	Man oh man you have to love a spot like Noodle Pot.  Small, family run place in the 99 Ranch plaza serving awesome noodles and dumplings at reasonable prices with great service.  They refilled my water like 5 times when I was there (very dry tonight).  Went with a group and we shared the following:1) Dry noodle dish ja jiang mein - their noodles are really great.  I'm not sure if the version we had was with the hand cut noodles but whatever it was it was great.  Noodles were nice and tender with just a little bit of a bite still to them.  2) One order of chive dumpings, one order of napa cabbage dumplings - yum.  Nice pork dumplings with your choice of veggies.  Meat was nice and flavorful.  Served with a soy sauce based sauce that was nice as well.  3) Soup dumplings  - deliciousWish I could go into more detail but my knowledge of asian cooking techniques isn't really on par with my knowledge of Western cooking.  But everything was really delicious.  I will definitely be going back again and again.  My new favorite restaurant in Chinatown Las Vegas.
4	This reminds me of a spot I ate at in Beijing called "Hao Chi Bu Gui"  which means Good and Cheap!Basically it's good home cooking that won't break the bank -   Dumplings, soup dumplings, noodle soups, cold dishes, etc. I'll warn u - if you have an MSG intolerance then stay away.  But MSG and cheap Chinese food are like peas and carrots.  Live a little wrong and get multiple refills of H20.The dumplings were very good - not dry on the inside and had a nice moistness.  The soup dumpling aren't like China Mama or the "Xiao Long Bao" as you all know.  It's basically 8 big dumplings in a bowl of soup which definitely had the most MSG kick to it. Last, the service was great.  We were asked how our food was multiple times.   The waitresses even made conversation with us -  This was probably because the mother/daughter team wanted to tag-team my Taiwanese friend - HoCash.   Nevertheless the food and service were awesome which is why I'll be back and i encourage Yelpers to check this place out.*EDIT* the last 3-4 times i've been here the beef roll has really dissapointed.  they have been undercooking it and the roll is not crisp.  It's china town so ask with caution but u may wanna ask them to crisp it up b/c it s definitely better this way.  the boiled dumplings are always yummy
3	A-ok spot for some beef noodle soup. I didn't like that the soup had all sorts of beef floaties in it. Shoulda dump that pot of water after all the floaties come out of the beef 10 minutes into boiling it. Service was quick and fast. No complaints.
4	This place is wicked!  I love their soup.  The look of the place can definitely push you away if you expect something Panda Express.  The place is clean but, is a hole in the wall that just has good food!  I've ordered both the wonton and beef soup with thin noodles.  You have a choice of thin or wide noodles.  I also believe the noodles are home made!  I've also tried the breaded pork over rice.  Super good!  If you're down for some home made style soup I would say this is the best place in town.  I would give this place 5 stars if the interior was a little nicer and if they took credit cards.  Cash only =(
5	OMG! This place is awesome, I love it.
2	Food was mediocre at best.  Plus they tried to over charge me.  Look at your bill carefully.
4	So far, my favorite noodle soup place in all of LV.  You get a choice between their thin noodles and thick noodles.  Never had the thick ones, but they look OK.  The thin noodles aren't like egg noodles or anything - it's more like udon thickness if I have to describe it. I've had the beef noodle soup a few times and its pretty consistent.  The broth, although dark, is not very salty (the times that I've had it anyway) and had a good flavor.  The beef is very tender and melts in your mouth.   I've also tried their wonton soup, which is good, but pales in comparison to the beef noodle soup.  I wish they had siracha there - it would make my soup complete (but that's just my personal taste). If you're in the mood for rice, don't hesitate to try to the pork chop over rice.  A breaded pork chop and it comes with some minced pork over the rice.  Very good!  I like to take the extra beef from my soup and eat it with the rice. The place itself is pretty modest.  Nice service and normally quick, although last time we were here they forgot to give me my side of rice until the end of my meal when it was already pointless.  But I like the food so that's what keeps me coming back! My only gripe is that they take cash only (which is inconvenient for a person that doesn't carry cash!).  Instead of going to an ATM, just walk over to the Ranch 99, buy something small, and get some cash back.  Anyway, a solid noodle spot.  I can't wait to take my dad, who is a beef noodle soup fanatic, here one day
5	It's this little hole in the wall in Vegas Chinatown, on the other side of the plaza from the Ranch 99 and next to the mini mall. Sort of a Taiwanese styled place so their food is prepared accordingly.   Their specialty beef noodle soup($7.50) here is really ridiculously good, on par if not better than the ones you'd find in LA. It's a perfect cure for whatever Vegas-induced ailments you may have come down with lol. Cash only! But it's Vegas, you have cash, right? lol
3	Its a Taiwanese noodle shop.  Pretty decent dumplings and pretty good wonton noodle soup.Its similar to A&J's in Irvine.  Not much to say.  The food was ok.  Service was alright.  Its about 10 bucks a person including tip.
4	Vegas lacks a really good taiwanese noodle shop.   Been going to this place lately for beef noodle soup.  Pretty descent broth and noodle.  I wish the appetizers were better.
5	I was getting tired of the buffets on the strip, so we taxied out to Chinatown and found this little Taiwanese noodle restaurant. This ended up being my favorite meal in Vegas. The food here was better than any of the buffets on the Strip, IMHO! Recommended Dishes:- Beef Noodle Soup- Marinated Cucumbers- Beef Wrap (this was delicious! must get!)The interior is like a little noodle joint, so don't expect anything nice and fancy. But the food is vurr good. A good break from stuffing your face with candied apples and seafood from buffets.
4	Every time we go to Vegas, we always buy pastries and buns from Diamond Bakery.  Right next door is Noodle Pot, and I always peek in and want to try.  But I always had a full stomach.  This time, I finally got to try it!  Yaaayy!!!Right off the plane (red eye flight), grougy, tired, and hungry, we had to kill time before picked up Aunty and Uncle and check into our hotel.  So we bought our buns from Diamond and waited till this place opened at 10am.  So we had the following:Stewed Beef Soup Noodle - The beef noodle hit the spot!  Wow!  The taste is just so warm and satisfing.  The noodles are cooked just right - a little chewy and not over done.  Soup has flavor like I remember from Taiwan.  Also, has a little sour cabbage for  some BANG!Beef Wrap - Almost like Peking Duck, but wrapped in a tortilla and uses beef instead.  It has the tortilla wrap, hoi sin sauce, egg, thin slices of beef, green onions, and chinese parsley.  We ordered this on the recommendations of yelpers.  Thought it was not bad, but nothing special.Spicy Shrimp Won Tons - This was ok.  Imagine the shrimp won tons you get in won ton mein. Take out the noodles and the broth.  Put it on a bed of vegtables (bak choy) with oyster sauce and chilli sauce.  That's basically it.  Since I make won tons at home, this dish didn't raise my eyebrows.Later in the trip, we came here again Aunty and Uncle.  We had to share our latest find, since last time in Vegas I took them to eat Taiwanese food, I failed.  If I failed this time, I would have to treat Uncle to our next trip to Vegas.  This time we ordered the following:Stewed Beef Soup Noodle - A little spicier than last time, but since I can handle spicy, it was still really good!Beef Wrap - Aunty and Uncle liked our leftovers when we picked them up after the first day, so we ordered it again.Steamed Dumplings with Nappa Cabbage - I love dumplings!  Really good size, filling is really good!  Texture is not mushy, so yummy!  Put their homemade chilli sauce on the table, and tastes even better!Steamed Shrimp Dumplings - I love more dumplings!  Inside has shrimp and chives, and other things that make it tase delicous!  Cooked to perfection.  Did I say I love dumplings?So how did I do with Aunty and Uncle?  Let's say, that Uncle should pay for my trip back to Vegas!  Too bad I didn't make that bet with him!  I think they'll be back!
4	Good Chinese comfort food spot!  Since the end of Ay-Chung Cafe....this place has the best beef noodle soup that I can find AND they have hand made noodles you can request for an extra $1.  Next to the beef noodle soup...you MUST TRY the Taiwanese beef roll/wrap....nice crispy flour pancake with hoisin flavored beef, cilantro, and some other goodies....I didn't get a chance to dissect this dish since I gobbled it up as soon as it hit the table.  Minus one star since they sometimes run out of certain menu items. The minced pork over rice is also a little skimpy on the meat side, but I'm a hardcore carnivore....also a little heads up....this is another CASH ONLY establishment
4	The restaurant is really tiny and more of a cafe. The beef stew noodle is so perfect. Not too salty. Just enough beef, bok choy, and handmade noodles to satisfy any appetite. The pork chop noodle was also very good. It is a milder soup but the saltiness of the pork chop helps to balance it. The house-made chili gives everything the perfect kick and the burn pleasantly creeps up on you. The wontons in red sauce are also spectacular. I believe the red sauce has a vinegar base with hints of sweet and spicy. The restaurant is the perfect place to go during the winter.
5	The service is off in a funny/cute way here...i asked the girl to recommend some non-meat noodle offerings and she recommended the beef noodle soup...hahaha... I gave in and said ok just easy on the meat.Great deal for $8.
3	Decent beef noodle soup, with just the right amount of spiciness.  However, service was unorganized and orders got mixed up.  One of our orders never came out and we had to remind the waitress that we were expecting another dish.  Prices are good though if you're looking for an inexpensive restaurant off the strip.
5	Slurpy Slurpy.  I must say I passed by this place weekly or monthly and never ventured in until today with the wife. Must say, it was a great experience!We were reading some of the Yelpers reviews and gave it a shot! We wanted some beef noodles.1.  The noodles - What the heck?  They did not buy this stuff from the store did they?  I found that the noodles here were white noodles , but slightly larger than the norm. The texture was awesome and the taste was literally a leap year from the regular noodles I have tried.2.  Tenderloin Beef Noodle Soup - So delicate, tasty beef. Just the write cut of beef with a bit of tender fat and melt in your mouth beef.  The soup was very nice, subtle hints of the green onion and parsley gave it a very distinct flavor. This is what the wife ordered, but I kept on stealing a bit to give it a taste.3.  Beef Stew Noodle Soup.  I love chinese style beef stew and this meat was the perfect balance of spice, taste, texture and delicacy. Would the word buttery be best to use?  This soup is slightly spicy, with a darker more salty flavor.  This is the first time I have drank the entire bowl of soup after the noodles and meat were finished off.  That is how good this soup was.They have other items I haven't tried. The menu is a slip of paper with the items on it and you mark it off just similar to a sushi order sheet.  You kinda have to know what the noodles are and the other dishes are, or look at the pictures in the window.I am coming back with the kids to try many more things, the dumplings, the fried noodles and etc.GK says, check this place OUT!!!
4	On several different occasions that I have been here, grown Chinese businessmen will walk in and order the beef noodle soup. When in China, do as the chinaman does. Come here for their spicy wontons, and their beef noodle soup. They have a very delicate and carefully simmered broth that is packed with enough flavor to blow up everyone's mouth. I have been here about three times. Their wontons are different shapes every time, some times big and some times not. Always wait for the uncle to be around to order your beef noodle soup because he tops the soup noodles with all of the extras just right and food tastes better with him around. His wife just doesn't do it as well as him, although the broth is the same, but inconsistency after excellency cannot be tolerated. Am I coming back? Of course! I'll be waiting for the uncle.Side note: if you order their fruit tea, order a glass of water to dilute it, because it is so sweet, it's almost syrupy.
5	We just got back from vegas.  Just had to try Yelpers recommended beef noodles.  The noodles, beef and soup was so tasty.  It was so good that I cannot describe my feelings.  Definitely I will recommend it to all my friends.  Next trip to vegas will have this on my list.
4	CHEAP AND DELICIOUS.My friend Christi and I came in for a catchup sesh and immediately placed our orders for lunch - she had the Beef & Tendon Noodle Soup while I opted for the Zha Jiang Mien (dry noodles with sliced cucumbers, bean sprouts, and spicy pork that you mix together). They offered hot tea, which is nice for a fast food place (I always thought hot tea was mandatory at Chinese places, but I've discovered more and more places are trying to get away with charging for it..pfft). We also ordered the chive dumplings.Food came out quickly, and it was flavorful, tasty, and not overdone with salt. Only reason why I'm knocking off a star is the service. It seemed rather mixed - there was an older lady who was brusque while a younger server's kindness offset that attitude. Will be back! Solid noodle shop, but bring cash!
1	Definitely the WORST restaurant experience I've EVER had!!! I really doubt the credibility of the reviews here. I've never rated any restaurant lower than 4-star before.It is only a little restaurant with edible food and horrible service. We got the seats really fast because there was no waiting line. And then we were served 40 minutes later! We did ask for the waiter and he kind of ignored us for a very long time. I couldn't believe that they served the group behind us! Then we got our food 30 minutes later than that. THEN! We got the wrong food. Seriously, just don't risk your mood or vacation in this place!
4	Woot woot!! So glad we found this place through yelp! I didn't think there was a decent Chinese/Taiwanese place to eat in Vegas.This place is located in Chinatown, I believe in the same plaza as the 99 Ranch Market. Restaurant is a little hard to find, it's tucked in a little corner. The place is pretty small too and of course, don't expect anything fancy. CASH ONLY!The beef noodle soup was phenomenal.. I loved the noodles and the broth and the meat was pretty tender too, I drank the entire soup! Boyfriend said it was a bit too salty, but i still enjoyed it. The dry zha jiang mein was okay, but a bit too spicy for me. We also had the wonton with sauce and that was pretty good too.Overall, I'd come back here for sure.. I'm over eating pho every time we go to Vegas. =)
4	i havent had a good bowl of beef noodle soup in a long time!i thought the flavor of the soup was good (usually it's not spicy enough or way too spicy but their soup was perfect amt of spiciness for me). i liked how they had plenty of pickled mustard greens, chives, and cilantro in your bowl, mmm. the noodles arent homemade but still a good texture. good-sized portion (i even took half of it home) considering how you pay $8 for a big bowl. we also ordered the beef rolls which were a good appetizer. they make it with an "dan bing" aka egg tortilla.
3	Stumbled upon Noodle Pot while walking through the Ranch 99 Chinatown plaza. It looked busy, I Yelped it and saw that it had gotten a decent reviews, so why not. Ordered a bowl of their signature beef noodle soup (in English on the menu overhead it all says "beef noodle soup" but they come with different things, like tendon, beef, etc.). We were seated right away as there was a table available, but while we were waiting for our food, a woman asked if someone was sitting there. We said no, and she plopped herself down while her hubby ordered food. We thought she just needed to get off her feet, but nope she was settling down and her husband sat right next to her. Okay, then.Our beef noodle soup was okay, but they made it spicy at first and then said it only comes that way. I told her that the waitress said that they could make it non-spicy so then it took a while to come out. There are only about 10 tables in there, so don't expect to get seated right away if they're busy. We ordered the pork chop rice and when it came, I was like, "Where's the batter?" That's the first time in my life that I've ordered pork chop rice and it came like it was broiled. Weird. It tasted okay, but it's like going to KFC and ordering fried chicken and you come home and open the bucket and it's grilled chicken. Sucks.It was about $8 each and you get plenty of food, but the noodles weren't the homemade kind I like and they weren't QQ enough. You know what I mean. Probably won't go back next time I'm in Vegas. I did like that they spoke Taiwanese and Mandarin though, and they were very nice there.
5	Everything is good. New business. Noodle is good,soup can be improved. Beef noodle recommend.
4	A friend and I stopped in here on a Monday night. There weren't many in, and we were seated quickly. Very friendly waitress! She took very good care of our order, and recommended the beef noodle soup. The soup was fantastic! The broth was flavorful and rich, and the beef, despite having some parts that were difficult to bite through, was very good. We ordered some dumplings as well, which the cook came to let us know that they were out of, so it was deducted from our check, but they gave us some other dumplings instead. It was unexpected and pleasant.I was a bit surprised to see hot tea in plastic drinking tumblers, but it was still good, and I've seen it done in a few other restaurants. Use your common sense and don't just grab the cup immediately if you ordered hot tea!Definitely a good place for an evening meal, and I want to go back and see what their other menu items taste like.
4	After multiple recommendations, I zipped over to the noodle pot for rainy day soup.  The service was friendlier than expected.  The place is little and hard to find if you don't know what you are looking for.  We shared the spicy won tons and I had the beef tenderloin soup.  The wontons were delicious, piping hot, and spicy.The beef tenderloin soup was excellent and flavorful.  The noodles were pleasantly chewy and the broth required no additions.  The beef was very tender and shredded right apart - reminiscent of a braised beef short rib - however, extremely fatty.  I spent loads of time removing large chunks of fat from my soup.  A delicious soup; something different than pho.  I'll go back.
4	Very good wonton soup and beef noodle stew.
3	Very friendly place. When I first went in, I did not know it was a Taiwanese place until I saw Taiwanese TV shows being broadcasted on the LCD screen. We had the beef noodle and wontons with spicy sauce. I thought the food was OK, and the prices was average. But being Taiwanese myself, I found warm feeling about this place.I'll definitely come back, maybe even bring some friends from work.
4	Best place I've come across for Taiwanese beef noodle soup in Vegas thus far.   Always a good sign when I walk into a Chinese restaurant and they assume I'm a native speaker right off the bat so I'm happy to play the role of the fobby young immigrant looking for an oasis of good eats in the desert reminding him of the motherland (or mother island, depending on your politics).  My two times here I've gotten the spicy beef noodle soup and the pork feet noodle soup, both leaving me satisfied with warm soup belly and no residual sense of being parched from excessive MSG/salt.    The noodles offered come in two varieties: thin (nice Q-Q quality with an udon like consistency) and the thick hand-cut variety that are like nice al-dente dumpling strips).  The broth for the beef noodle soup has good balance in spice from the star anise/peppercorns with a lingering sweet finish and the beef is braised fork-tender (chopstick tender?) with plenty of marbled fatty goodness and accompanying tendon pieces that have been cooked down to the perfect chewy consistency.  If you're feeling a bit more adventurous and need to save a few extra bucks, the pork feet noodle soup is a bargain considering it is 2 dollars cheaper than the beef noodle soup and is loaded with large cartilaginous hunks of the soup's namesake that are braised so that everything falls off the bones with minimal effort.  The broth has a nice mild sweetness and the accompanying bok choy provides a nice contrast in crunch/color.  Probably not the best soup to order if you're on a date or if an attractive customer is sitting in front of you since this is one of those dishes you just need to go to town gnawing away and discarding the small bones aside every few bites, so just be comfortable in your own world of pork-liciousness.  Lots of other taiwanese classics and small cold plates at the counter, so definitely planning a return trip in the near future.  Cash only!
4	Sumbling in to this place one late night, I have to say, I have become a fan. Pictures on the wall and friendly staff make ordering a breeze. Food might be a little strange if you are not open minded, but very yummy. The beef soup is spicy, but oh so good ... the beef roll is delicious - made with a tortilla, eggs, beef, and cilantro - the dry noodles may look like ... well, dog food, but tastes great!To add to the authentic flavor of Noodle Pot, there is always a TV on a Chinese game show.Open until 12 on weeknights, 2 on weekends, but these a hours vary based on ... well, if they feel like it - or someone has not messed up the broth.Oh yeah, prices, simple and cheap.
4	stumbling onto noodle pot is like finding a gallon of water in the middle of dessert for me, used to live in cali and taiwanese food comes in handy, but things change once i moved to hawaii,  most of the items in the store reminiscent of my childhood memory regards how taiwanese food should taste like, i was gratified and wish i had pay more visit to the restaurant during my stay in vegas
5	Love this place! Great food great value. Spicy beef noodle is where it is at! (Napa dumplings were great too!) Noodles tasted so fresh. I wondered if they were homemade. Broth was perfect. Not too salty and just spicy enough!Btw, the portion was so big for the spicy beef noodle that one bowl is enough for two. We made the mistake of ordering two noodle bowls and had to take the leftovers home which we did so gladly. I couldn't wait to eat the leftovers... And even soggy and day old it was still delicious! Being of Taiwanese decent I was so pleasantly surprised that this was a Taiwan style noodle shop. Almost all the customers spoke Mandarin which must mean that they serve good authentic Taiwanese food. I hope I can take my Taiwanese relatives here next time they visit Vegas. I can't wait to go back! Now on my favorites list of Vegas. =)
2	So How did I find this place? Well my girlfriend and I wanted chinese food around 10pm, so i decided to drive to China town and Yelp what was nearby,. This is what came up.I really wanted to like this place, I can get past that its basically a hole in the wall. A lot of these places are but the food wasnt that good here. We ordered the Beef noodle soup, it said that it would be spicy but it wasnt. It had a little flavor, but similar to pho it tasted strongly of cilantro. There wasn't a lot of beef, it was mostly fat and unchewable other pieces. The noodles we're good. If I just ordered this I'd prob give this place 3 stars.We also ordered the Beef Stew Rice. For whatever reason It didn't register that we ordered Beef stew, We thought it would be beef fried rice. But it was what it said. Beef stew (which was just ok) served over white rice. It wasn't very good. I don't know if this is considered authentic Chinese or what, but it was just ok. I have a feeling we should of ordered the dumplings. I will say the waitress was super nice and friendly.
3	Good food n good service.  Prices r higher than others but I guess it's because they re in the mall.  Air cond needs to be turned on r turned up cuz it was way too hot in there.
4	This place is CHEAP and really good food! I had the wonton soup and it was THE BOMB! also try their dumplings really really tasty.. I would highly recommend this place.. it is cheap and very good.. I would definitely come back here.. this is located right next to Ranch 99 market in the chintown center.. try now!
4	Came here during winter break, and boy was it packed. All the Asians came here for their Chinese food fix instead of going to some buffet at a casino.  Coming from a place with a lot of good Chinese food, I'd have to say that this place wasn't the best. It was definitely not built for too many people and there were a billion people here trying to get a seat. The noodles here are really good. I got the pig feet soup, and I thought they cooked the meat quite well. My family got the beef noodle soup, which I was pretty standard asian fare. This place doesn't wow, but it is a pretty good place for its location.
2	I was given a glowing recommendation of this place because of their beef noodle soup, but sadly it was a let down. I appreciate the local joint's attempt, and the price is good, but the soup was too sweet for the style they were selling.
3	For now, just A-OK. I got the beef & tenderloin soup ($8.50) and I did like the tenderloins :). Noodles were okay. CASH ONLY BTW. Throwing it out there first.When I was trying to find it, I did not know that it was the main Chinatown plaza. A hole-in-the-wall place right by that Optometrist place. Yeah, I had a little trouble finding it, haha. OOPS. Should've read the reviews more thoroughly!I'd like to try their beef rolls some other time and maybe some other soup. For now, it's decent enough. Good enough. It's perfect coming at night (opens till 2am on Fri-Sat, and 12am the rest of the week) or when it starts to get cold again.Worth a try at least once! :)
2	This restaurant is a small place but didnt need to wait for seats.  I went w a friend and We both ordered the beef noodle soup and an order of shrimp dumplings. The waiter misunderstood us and thought we ordered one soup and one dumplings. I started the noodles, which were good in itself but the entire noodle soup was unappetizing and not very tasty. The meat was fatty and looked like scrap. I don't like food, and esp meat, to go to waste but I could not get myself to finish this. The shrimp dumplings weren't that great either. I won't be dining at this place again.
4	Definitely worth a try! My hubby got the beef noodle soup, I got Porkchop with rice, and we shared the hot oil wonton. Pork chop dish was ok, wasn't deep fried (which was good) but it wasn't thoroughly cooked, had some pink which I did not like. Beef noodle soup was great, just as good as Beijing Noodle (maybe even a tad bit better, cuz this soup was spicier). Hot oil chili was good but wasn't spicy enough. Price was great! Very affordable!
4	Noodle pot serves the best beef noodle soup I've ever had. I'm Chinese so I've had a lot of beef noodle sooup in my life. I haven't had much else on the menu despite going there once every few weeks, but the beef rolls are pretty solid too.The restauarant is a bit tough to find (it's on the western end of the Chinatown Plaza Mall), but once you get there you're in for a treat. There's not much in the way of decor or service (not bad, just basic), but you go to Noodle Pot for the food.Tip: ask for thick noodles
3	I LOVE beef stew noodle. When my friend told me this place made really good beef noodle stew, I just had to try it.  However; this place was aver.  I feel like a lot of places I review are just average.  Haha.  I got the Beef Stew Noodles for 7.99.  There's a spicy version and a not spicy version.  People who can handle spicy will want something stronger as the spicy one was just ok. They do have some spices that can be added to your soup.  My friend added the chili sauce to her soup base.  The soup is perfect for a cold winter's day.  ITheir customer service is just meh.  It's typical Asian service.  When we first ordered drinks, we asked for ice water.  Another lady came out and brought us hot tea.  :(  When the lady brought out our noodles, I would have liked if she told us what each one was.  Luckily two of of us ordered the same thing, so we could tell.  My friend did rave about this place, so maybe I expected too much.  I might go back and try the beef noodle dumplings she recommended.  I think it's dumplings in beef noodle stew.
4	Want to try some quality beef soup noodles?  A few simple choices an you're there: 1.  Beef, beef tendon, or a combination of both.2.  Thin or thick (hand cut ribbons) noodles.3.  Mild or spicy soup.The hardest thing is finding the place.  Deconstructed:  Very well seasoned, deep beefy soup base with the wafting aroma of star anise, hint of ginger, and dried citrus peels.  Great noodles with just the right amount of chew.  Clean, tender, gelatinous tendons (sounds disgusting but "a rose by any other name...").  The only catch, the beef is sometimes over braised.  Tender, but dry.  Very common, I'd guess it's authentic by default.Beef stew soup $8. Beef tendon soup $9.  Combo at $8.50A simple meal doled out in a non descript restaurant with "classic" service (you got your food right?)  It is what it is and that's not bad at all.
4	Hole in the wall in Chinatown plaza. Parking is no issue due to the large shopping center parking lot. I arrived for lunch and it was just before noonYummy beef noodle soup! I went with the spicy version without tendon. The broth was rich tasting and the beef was lean and tender.Service here is average and straight to the point as with most Chinese restaurants.
5	As the current reigning  duchess of Noodle Pot, I think I'm due for a review. I come here for one thing and one thing only--their best seller, Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup.The noodles are usually cooked soft with just a bit of bite. If it were up to me, I would prefer them a little more chewy. But the broth has a light to medium body and is packed full of flavor and I can honestly say that the broth alone makes up for a limp noodle. On top of it all, the braised beef and tendon are always tender and delicious. And it's all served with a healthy serving of fresh and pickled vegetables. After trying a few other noodle dishes here, I came to the conclusion I don't like any of it. But if I'm feeling frisky, I'll mix in a Beef Roll with my noodle soup. Noodle Pot's beef roll is a popular Taiwanese finger food. Scallion, cilantro, sweet/savory hoisin sauce, and tender chunks of beef shank are rolled in a slightly chewy pancake. At first glance, I would compare it to a crepe-like burrito. I suggest digging in with your hands and dipping in a bit of black vinegar. Delicious!Decor is your typical no-frills, family-owned, Asian hole-in-the-wall. Nothing fancy, but always clean. Their English isn't the best either so if you don't know your basic Chinese just point at the number you want. All in all, service is friendly enough to make this a quick stop for a bite to eat. Just make sure you remember this place is CASH ONLY! If you forget, buy some gum at 99 Ranch Market and get cash back. (Been there done that).
4	Whenever my Chinese in-laws are visiting from Hong Kong and we go to Chinese restaurants, I am always on the edge of my seat eagerly  awaiting for their opinion (and approval).  I had been here once before and really like it so I added it to the list of places to take them.  Well, I am proud to say that my taste buds were on point because they were big fans of Noodle Pot.  Most of the noodle restaurants in Chinatown are Cantonese style, but Noodle Pot is  traditional Taiwanese style. On both occasions, my husband and I shared the big bowl of the Beef and tendon stew noodle soup.  It is supposed to be spicy, but we also have to add more to appease our spice needs.  The noodles are made from scratch and hand pulled every morning. The beef and tendons are oh so tender, and the broth is bursting with flavor.  I highly recommend ordering the Beef Roll to accompany the noodle soup. The flavor combinations of the egg wrap, the cilantro, thin sliced beef, and hoisin sauce is perfection.  There are also cold dishes (pig ear, marinated cucumbers, seaweed, eggs, peanuts, etc) at the counter to accompany your noodles if you prefer.  In addition, they serve an assortment of dumplings which I have yet to try. I am also a big fan of the rice dishes.  I ordered a crispy chicken plate for the kids and they loved it.  The steamed rice comes with some minced beef on top and some pickled vegetables on the side. But, the crispy chicken is the true star. The restaurant is a true hole in the wall. (Our table was next to the freezer).  It may be difficult to find if you can't read Chinese. The Chinese Characters dominate the store front sign but be on the lookout for the tiny square of english words "Noodle Pot" in the corner.  The service is quick and friendly, and the flat screen TV is on a Chinese channel.  There are only a few tables inside and it is CASH ONLY, but it is a true GEM to Chinatown.
4	Winter is here and time for some of my favorite foods soups and stews Mmmm. I found this place last winter it is a deep rich hardy thick broth and hand cut noodles large pieces of beef (other options as well)  I get the beef stew my boyfriend gets the beef tendon combo.  It has bite and says spicy but I could handle way more if needed.  We also listened to fellow yelpers and got the spicy wontons those were delish, thanks Yelp! The decor is minimal get the food and get out kinda decor.  I am always the only white person there and sometimes the only one who only speaks english.  Buses will show up and can sometimes have a line.  Like I said get your food and get out!  The service is typical china town service and I love it!  They are not rude but they mean business!  This place is so good I can almost eat a whole bowl!  We can also get our for around $20 without the appetizer.
4	I have a weakness and it is NOODLES!  Even the scorching hot sun could not keep me away from a hot bowl of noodle soup.  Open late and tucked into the Chinatown plaza, I knew I had to go take a visit.AMBIENCE:This is a great place if Pho Kim Long down the way is too full.  This is not a fancy shmancy restaurant, but it's a great spot to get a quick fill of your noodle cravings and go.  They also seem to store their meats in the fridge in the dining area, which is a little strange, but nonetheless entertaining to see all the different kinds of meat they have stocked in there when they go to pull something out.FOOD QUALITY:The noodle soup was delicious!!! I got the Wonton noodles and the broth was just perfect!  The wonton was tender and tasty and the noodles were melt in your mouth yummy!  The portion was also generous enough to satisfy my tummy.  Price was cheap too - I don't believe any of the noodles came out to be more than $8.  OVERALL:The noodles were so yummy, I would definitely put this place on the list to come back to for my next Vegas visit.  Plus, I now have another alternative if Pho Kim Long's line ever gets too long.
5	Nom nom nom nom nom. My mouth is watering. I think I'm due for a review too after eating here like everyday in November after discovering. My mom visited in March and we THOUGHT about going here but were sketchy about the cash only policy.  I have seriously missed out since then because i LOVE this place. The first time I came here my mom and I shared the beef noodle soup and the won ton soup. Both were so amazing with lots of fresh cilantro and green onion! It's def not a fancy place but this place has super great and flexible hours. I think they are open until 2am on Friday/Saturday. This is the perfect place to go on a chilly Vegas night!
4	Love their beef noodle soup and beef rolls (with egg too!)Wish I had taken 5 orders to go.Also tried their brisket tofu and tripe (this was decent tho I wanted more tripe!)Pork chop rice- really big piece of meat! Good quantity but the noodle soup is better.We also asked for the dan dan noodle but they didn't have it so we were offered a different noodle dish with minced pork I think. This one was a bit sour (due to the vinegar) and I did not like it much. Overall, a nice place to eat! and cheap!
4	Perfect place for a casual quick meal.  Place reminds me of my mom's braised beef noodle stew but with homemade noodles.  The place is no frills except for free Wifi (Yay!), so not a place that you'd likely want to take a date to.  Otherwise service is acceptable, they're pretty quick to refill your water and get you anything.  Had to ask for extra napkins.  Located in the heart of Las Vegas Chinatown in the same place as Ranch 99.  The food was really good, so I'll probably go back.
5	Try their beef noodle soup!  I mean it, it's goooood!!  I ordered #1 (spicy beef noodle soup) and it was delicious.  The soup is flavorful and the portions are generous.  In addition, it wasn't all that expensive either.  My friends and I were thinking about stopping by this place a second time but we didn't have enough time but my mouth is watering just thinking about their beef noodle soup.  Mmmmm, it reminds me of the beef noodle soup that I had in Taiwan!
4	So this place would be comparable to those Taiwanese hole in the wall restaurants you would find if you are familiar with 626 in SoCal.  I stopped by for lunch and ordered the Zha Jiang Noodles.  This dish was very spicy, more than I expected.  The menu did have a chili pepper by the item, but I've never had Zha Jiang noodles that gave me the sweats.  Whoa buddy.Besides that dish, I probably had the best beef rolls ever.  It was authentic style and they even added egg in it so it tasted like the Taiwanese breakfast Dan Bing.  Da Bomb yo!  Noodle pot taking it to the next Level baby! The only downside was it was really oily.  So you women prepare to start dabbing with your tissue.I look forward to going back and trying the beef noodle that everyone is raving about.
5	I frequent this place about once a week to get my fill on Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup. It's the best I've ever had, though I am no "expert" on authentic taste. However, my friends who are much more in tune with the traditional flavor say that it is *very* good. This is primarily the dish I stick with, as it is their primary specialty, I believe.Their beef, as compared to most places I've had in California, is tender, quality meat. A&J, a semi-chain, has these comparatively cheap pieces of beef with fat layered into it. I know which I prefer. The soup is very good, as are the noodles, and at 8 dollars a dish, you really can't go wrong as the meal is also very filling.I've also enjoyed the beef rolls here - essentially sliced beef with some hoisin style sauce and a lot of cilantro-type herbs and egg wrapped into a thin pancake. They're really tasty as well.Additionally, I do find that the owners and workers here are better than most hole-in-the-wall Taiwanese restaurants. Sometimes I could simply not stand the way I was treated at places like A&J.A couple tips. CASH ONLY, and they often close before the listed closing time if they are not busy at all. Like potentially two hours early, so either call or be prepared to go early!
4	Really nice staff. Beef noodle soup was def a winner. Tried some beef tendons as well, and loved em. The red sauce on the table compliments the soup perfectly. I'm not a huge soup fan but this place was a winner
1	This was one of the worst experience's I've had! Customer service was horrible, since I cannot leave the rating zero, I am forced to give them a one, but believe me I wouldn't go back if it was free!  Let me explain, we walked in for a hot bowl of noodles, and the place had maybe 8 tables of people.  We were shown a table and sat down, and that was it, no one came over to take our order, we were there maybe 10 minutes when a bus load of people came flooding through the doors and scrambling for free tables, they were placing orders and their food came flying out, one after another, it was horrific.  I finally got someones attention and they took our order.  Finally, our food came out but they kept pushing us around, first by asking that we move to a single table, we had been seated by them at a table for four, so we complied, then when my husband made his way to the counter to pay, I was still slurping my noodles, they showed people to sit at our table, I wasn't even done eating and they were pushing us out to make room for 'THE BUS' people.  I have never felt so unwanted, I was a paying customer too!  I wanted to sit and enjoy my meal, and yet I was rushed, pushed out of my seat!I couldn't take it any more, I was livid, so I walked out, disgusted with the whole experience, and I will not go back!
5	Beef noodle soup was delicious, just the right mix of spiciness and flavor.  The pork rice dish was good too, savory with the right amount of sauce.  Not the cleanest place and a bit small (tight) but that just reinforces what this is - a yummy Taiwanese hole in the wall restaurant.
4	It's a good noodle place.
3	I'm a big, big fan of beef stew noodle. I was back home in Vegas and was really craving my go-to-meal in SoCal - beef stew noodle. I decided to try out this little restaurant because the ratings weren't too bad.I learned from my Taiwanese/Chinese friend that no one makes beef stew noodle the same, so I always keep an open mind to the different recipes and flavors. However, I was not as impressed with the food here. The broth was a lot thicker and oilier than other restaurants that I have tried. The food came out extremely fast, and it tasted as though they had kept the same broth warm all day (it was salty). Also, the broth already comes spicy (I usually have to ask to add spice elsewhere). I wanted to try their thick/wide noodles, but they had ran out that day.This rating is solely on food, even though I feel like the restaurant could improve a little bit on their service. There were no spoons at our table, so I had to look around and grab some myself from their counter. I'm not a big stickler for those kinds of things, but I know some might find it to be bad service. The people are sweet though! Maybe next time I'll have to try another dish to understand why people rave about this place!
3	Stopped by here on our way out from Vegas because my friend was craving soup noodles and said this place was a must try. I ordered the BEEF STEW SOUP, which was surprisingly not that bad. The noodles had a good texture, al dente! I like that the soup base is actually spicy, unlike some of the other soups I've had. Probably not as good as some of the noodle places I've had in the 626, but not too bad if you're in Vegas and you're craving some soup noodles. Prices are decent, ~$8-9, after tax and tip.
3	Limited menu (mainly noodles and dumplings); reasonable prices; fast food service; this place is usually packed during lunch/ dinner hours because price is right and food tastes great! I had a bowl of pork feet noodle soup here on a cold winter night so the hot noodles was especially delicious to me! Portion size was just good.  Service was accommodating; the servers were very busy but still trying to accommodate everybody by getting the people seated and bringing the foods out ASAP. Good job!
5	If you're in Vegas and looking for a bomb meal before you go out and get drunk off your ass, or you're looking for a hangover cure the next day, then this is the spot!Hands down best beef noodles in Vegas, probably better than most beef noodles in the 626/909 area too. For a Taiwanese joint, this place is as authentic as it gets. The noodles are handmade and the perfect size. You don't find beef noodles with texture this good just anywhere. The broth is a little spicy (legit Taiwanese-style), so try the mild if you're scared of spicy shits. The shrimp dumplings and wontons in chili sauce are delicious as well. Really reminds me of the ones you get in a Taiwanese night market. If you're down to try something new, I would also recommend the beef rolls.I go here at least once every time I'm in Vegas and I'm in town quite often.
3	The Beef noodles were just what the Dr. ordered. This is a little whole in the wall so come hungry, but don't try to impress anyone with the ambiance. It's a kitchen and some tables. That's all.
3	Although I am not a big fan of beef noodles, I still wanted to come here and try their other dish. I ordered pig feet (i know, sounds scary) noodle soup.  I was not very impressed with it.  They were only 3 medium size pig feet in the soup, so it was not very filling.  I think the beef noodle soup would've been more filling.  But this place seems to be very popular as people kept coming in.  The turn over rate is pretty fast, so even if there is a line, i wouldn't think the wait would be too long.   If you are sick of buffets on the strip and feel like some hot (both temperature and spice) beef noodle soup, come and try this place.
2	I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles but was disappointed because I was expecting soup noodles since it was under the "soup noodle" category.  Their dumplings were okay.  My mother-in-law's soup noodles looked good.  My husband enjoyed his minced beef rice dish.  They also forgot about my husband's winter melon drink but they didn't charge us for it.I was not happy with the service.  We were waiting to have our order taken but the waiter sat another party that had just walked in and he returned to take their order before us.  The food didn't take long to come out.  However, we waited too long for our check and so we went up to the cashier to try to pay but they were too busy so we had to wait at our table.  After a while, we went up again and and waited in front of the cashier to pay.  It is a tiny restaurant so it wasn't as if they didn't see us at our table.This place is full of Asian tourists that come on the tour buses.
4	I had lunch around 1-2pm it was packed. It's small cozy and hole in the wall. When I entered the place I wasn't greeted or acknowledged. After the cleared some tables the waiter/cashier ask who many people. I was seated right away. They brought me hot tea. I ordered the won ton red oil sauce and crispy chicken leg rice plate. The won tons came it was great. Then my entree came next that was delicious. It was basically  chicken, vegetables, eggs and rice. That filled me up! Also it's a big serving which I love! They never came and ask how the food taste or refill the drinks. Overall food was good but they can improve on the costumer service.
4	After I finally persuaded Earl to come here for a late lunch, we got to visit Noodle Pot.  Earl hesitated to come here because we had a 7 course chef tasting dinner planned at 6pm, and it is already 2pm.  When we arrived, we were promptly greeted by the staff and was seated.  Choice between hot tea and water was offered, we opted for hot tea.  We ordered the two most talked about items on Yelp.  While we were waiting, Earl was intrigued by the Taiwanese variety show that was playing on the TV.  I, on the other hand, was intrigued with the big freezer that located inside the dining area, packed with frozen meat and trays of handmade wontons.  Onto the food:-Beef and Tendon Noodle Soup:  We asked for extra bowls so we can share this.  This is a huge bowl of spicy flavorful broth with super tender chunks of beef and tendons.  There were also baby bok choy and pickled veggie in this bowl of goodness.  -Beef roll: tender slices of beef, egg and tons and tons of cilantro, with hoisin sauce, rolled up with a mu shu like wrapper.  There were two rolls, sliced in three sections, that came in an order.  We each had a section and took home the rest because we want to save room for dinner.  We had it for breakfast this morning and it was still delicious.Service was awesome.Food we had was awesome.We will be coming back!
3	I've been here twice, first time got the wonton soup, which was pretty decent. Nothing too special or fancy though we did have a question of if they were using the microwave to heat food up. We're still not sure!The second time, I got the beef noodle soup (I think that's what it was called, it was the first one on the menu), got it spicy and with thick noodles! It was pretty good, the noodles were cooked just right (at least for me), it wasn't too spicy just enough to taste it, and the beef was very tender (it came apart very easily!). I believe it was $7.99 for that. My friend got the beef and tendon, spicy, and with thick noodles as well. I believe he liked it as well. Well it wasn't bad for either of us, so that's a plus.It's worth a try, I still need to try some other items on the menu.
5	This place does not have an English signage out front so just look for a tiny noodle spot at the left of the Chinese mall downtown (if you are facing it).  Their food are a perfect cure for a hangover or a very cold day.  A perfect balance of fresh flavors and a little grease ;)  We had the beef noodle soup, wantons in chili, pork chop rice and pickled cucumbers and all were excellent.  They have good service too.  When we went, we were the only non-Taiwanese/Chinese people there.  Always a good sign.
4	I keep hearing about amazing beef noodle soup from fellow yelpers. So decided before heatwave today get me nice bowl of noodle soup. I was NOT at all disappointed. I did get the spicy beef and tendon noodle soup. I enjoy spicy food! I know we all have our own levels of heat but felt spicy was just right not over the top but still feel the kick. The amount of beef and tendon took me surprise with generous portions. I am fan of Pho. I get tendon in my Pho never get enough one piece or two if lucky. Here at Noodle Pot get bang for your buck. The broth was so heavenly no need add nothing else plus had small bok choy pieces in too. The noodles was great! I thinking be more like Pho much thicker noodle close too udon but thiner. I felt made the soup even more hearty with the bigger noodles. Yummy. I also ordered beef roll just cause first trip wanted try as much as I can. Another great dish on the menu. It heavy for starter just so you know. It something that never had before maybe because of the whole restaurant style. It looks more like crepe roll up with thinly sliced of tongue (I think) and lot of other good stuff lot of herbs/greens. You get two nice big rolls pre order. I would take beef roll over any spring roll. The service say can be hit or miss depending on busy. I happen too during the lunch rush so kind of happy found spot. They only have one server/cashier and she does everything. Although too be honest the cook brought out my noodle soup since it was busy. It came too getting the bill if busy best bet just go right up too the cashier. If had anything pick at was since busy waited long time for bill. Two other tables that they just went right up too pay since taking little bit. Overall service was still very good. The restaurant is pretty small so timing is everything. I do believe they do take out orders. Parking more then ample being located in Chinatown. If fan of noodles Noodle Pot is some place that need too check out. I know will be back. =))
1	so our group of 5 people had a boba drink and we just wanted to grab quick bite. so we saw this noodle pot and we went in. we were kind of full so we just ordered 3 types of noodle and rice and we add other side of noodle. and that little girl was serving us gave us a cocky look, maybe she thinks we dont have money?  so after all the order she didnt serve us anymore we were thirsty so we drank a lot of water and waiting for that girl to fill us water but no. Later we just want to get out of that place and we asked for bill. She charged 15% of the bill and the menu says only party of 6 will auto-charge 15% but we only have 5 so we called that girl to changed it. i was going to tip that little girl a penny but then i got $1 left so i just left there for her. Think we dont have money then we will prove you that we dont have money.
5	Food is very delish here, price is good,decent nice service and free wifi
1	Oh no, not in a heartbeat im comin back. Food and service its a 1-1. The soup I ordered was not fresh and tasty at all. Dining had this foul smell of rotten food coming from the kitchen. Sorry but it's a NO.
4	I loved this hole in the wall, literally its so small.  The noodle bowls were great as well as the dim sum. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm making this one of my mandatory pit stops.
4	Can't get enough of their beef stew noodle soup!  If you enjoy spicy soup, this is the dish for you.  Plus, their portions are very generous.  It really, really fills you up.Only drawback is that it's cash only.  Not really a big deal, but I'm just someone who doesn't really like carrying cash around.
5	Great service and excellent Beef Noodles. Didn't find it on my first pass of the mall, but the food was definitely worth the search for this place.
1	Kids wanted some boba tea, so we decided to drop by chinatown for breakfast and some boba. This morning we decided to eat at noodle pot while we waited for volcano tea to open. Food was great! I had the shrimp dumpling and pig feet noodle soup. But damnnn the service sucks from the time we walked in. The lady behind the counter look unhappy when we walked in, no greeting no smiling alwayse watching my kids as if they were gonna still some CHOPSTICKS and SPOON hahahah FORREALS!!! I dont know if the lady was having a bad day or not but there is NOOOO EXCUSE for that kinda service. Overall food is excellent but service ruin it all!! Won't be coming back forever haha. Im use to the typical subpar service at asian restaurant but not one like this.
4	I thought it was really funny that for parties of 6 or more, there is a mandatory 15% gratuity .. People in Chinatown must normally tip less than 15% .. CASH ONLYPrices were pretty fair !!! I ordered the zha jiang mian, and it was slightly different than what I'm used to seeing. It looked like minced pork on noodles here instead of the standard black bean stuff with cucumbers. While it was pretty good, it was not what I was expecting .. Also I think the egg was too salty. The beef wraps were super good !!!! I highly recommend A+!!! But there is lots of cilantro in it for people who do not like cilantro! Also the pig ear and the marinated cucumbers were good. Solid place and not super expensive !!
4	authentic taiwanese food :)i was born and grew up in taiwan, so you can trust my review that this is probably one of the most authentic taiwanese restaurant in chinatown.i ordered the beef noodle soup with no beef (i'm not a vegetarian, just wasn't craving meat) and they happily accommodated to my order. it was good and normally i would prefer my noodles to be a little thicker but i can definitely taste the taiwanese! i also tried the pork chop and it was delicious as well, they cook it as stew so it's not your ordinary pork chop! this place is small and probably sit a total of 30 people total but it has all of my favorite taiwanese dishes. keep in mind the owner and workers are all taiwanese and they will speak to you in mandarin when you walk in. also, it's CASH ONLY.
4	More like 3.5 stars. Taiwanese beef noodle soup is what I ordered because I'm looking for something similar to Din Tai Fung's. This place is located next to Chinatown Mall behind a statue and where there's a "2-Hour Parking" limit painted on each parking spot.The people here barely speak English and the few diners the day we went were Chinese and Taiwanese slurping thei soup away - signs of authenticity? Perhaps. Our food came out quick and piping hot. My beef noodle soup wasn't very meaty and I got some with lots of fat. There's fresh bok choi...yum. Noodles were cooked perfectly.The food was good but sadly, it wasn't even close to satisfying my DTF beef noodle soup craving. I'm still on the hunt for DTF-esque noodles.
4	I've walked by this place so many times, but never realized what they sold here!Went with the Beef Stew Noodle Soup ($7.99). Lots of beef "parts" and bok choy in a fairly spicy broth...good stuff! Noodles are thicker, broth is very heavy and oily with lots of flavor.I tried asking the lady what "parts" were in the soup...not much English, so all I got was "beef" LOL.  Looked like knuckle/oxtail meat and tongue were in there...probably better I not know actually!I might be back...it was good, but can't say it hits my Ramen/Pho/Soup craving, so it's a good bowl to change things up every once in a while!Pic :
5	My newest obsession! I almost don't want to write a review because I want to keep this little spot all to myself. Though the tiny obscure sign helps disguise the restaurant quite well hehe. Look for the small "Noodle Pot" oval next to a looming sign in Chinese. This restaurant tastes like...home. I always thought my mother didn't cook any specialty dishes (sorry for hating in the past, mom) but now I realize that everything she made for us was traditional Taiwanese style dishes! Which is exactly what this restaurant sells. You MUST go with the spicy beef noodle soup! The soup is hearty and rich in beef flavor. It is also heavier on the tomato side which some beef noodle soup enthusiasts might not be accustomed to, though it's exactly how my grandma makes it. The noodles they use are perfectly chewy, slightly wavy and neither too thin or thick and the beef chunks are tender and savory. It comes with plenty of baby bok choy and pickled mustard and cilantro. For the side dishes I would recommend anything marinated! The cucumbers are garlicky, crunchy and refreshing while the cabbage is deliciously sour and spicy. My mouth is starting to water right now. Another must order is the beef wrap which is a thin green onion egg pancake wrapped around marinated beef slices, cilantro, and what seems like oyster sauce.  BUT THAT'S NOT ALL! You definitely need to order the chili oil wontons too. And all their dumplings are made in house. And finally the green bean (sweet mung bean, not the string variety) drink to top it all off! Noodle Pot is Taiwanese comfort food perfection.P.S. More waitresses please. That is all.
5	The Beef Noodle Soup was really good. And the waitress is cute, so I'll be back there.
4	Okay... I start by admitting that I'm no expert on Chinese food, but I have been around a bit. The food here is delicious and the service friendly and fast. Fancy it is not. But I don't mind that if the food is good. I had the won ton soup and dry minced pork with noodles. Both were full of complex flavors and seemed to be fresh and high quality. Total price with a nice tip was $15.
5	Let me preface that anyone who posted a negative review on this restaurant either doesn't know Taiwanese food or isn't Chinese.  My mother is from Taiwan and I visit yearly to see family.  I grew up eating authentic Taiwanese cuisine which is the best Chinese cuisine in the world.  Sorry Hong Kong.  The spicy beef noodle soup is outstanding almost as good as the version in Taiwan which is quite famous. This place reminds me of my mother's home cooking with very traditional dishes.  The beef noodle soup is hearty and rich in beef flavor with succulent beef chunks including tendon, baby bok choy, pickled mustard, cilantro and just perfect noodles.  My favorite appetizer is the beef wrap with thin green onion egg pancake encased around marinated beef slices, cilantro with hoisin sauce.  And you must order the wontons with spicy chili sauce!  Being in Chinatown, service is pretty good and even better if you speak Chinese or Taiwanese.
5	Typical Taiwanese food!!! Enjoy the delicious beef noodle soup and rice noodle soup a lot!!
3	Dropped in here to try the won tons and beef roll.Service was fast and friendly, food was good.We ordered hot green tea and it was served piping hot in plastic cups, wtf?! Is that even safe?The Won Tons in Red Chili sauce are awesome. They are topped with fresh cilantro, perfect with the acid from the vinegar sauce.The beef roll was interesting, it's very sweet... like dessert sweet. The beef is tender and the fresh herbs and egg inside give it a light fluffy texture which I loved, but the sauce was too sweet or there was just too much of it for my taste.I'm keeping this place bookmarked and will come back to try the dumplings and soup noodles, but won't make the mistake of ordering hot tea here again.
2	Any Taiwanese will tell you, a good bowl of beef noodle soup is hard to come by here in Vegas. So when I keep hearing about this place and finally decided to give it a try, I was not impressed. Here is what we got:1. Spicy Beef Noodle Soup with stew beef - it had good flavor but nothing special. our bowl came with some tendons though which was hard to chew.2. Plain Beef Noodle Soup with flank - very plain taste with random vegetables (almost looked like a bowl of Pho)3. Sauteed season veggies with garlic - overcooked boy choy, very soggy.4. Beef Roll - this I will give them credit for, it was pretty tasty, I like the addition of peanuts and egg in here, not your average beef roll. But it was pretty greasy.The service was friendly and not too busy on a Friday night. But would I come here again? Probably not. You can find better beef noodle somewhere else in my opinion.
3	I thought this place okay.  The Beef Roll was just average, not a big fan.  The side dishes were okay ... cold cucumber, sliced tofu.  I did however really like the wontons in red chili sauce.
3	Was craving nul ro mein since it was a cold, rainy weekend in Vegas. I also wanted to get away from the strip for a little bit so ventured over to the "china town" all along Spring Mountain. This place got great reviews for their nul ro mein and dumplings so I picked this place. It's a smaller but cozy mom and pop with friendly servers. Although the hot tea was served in plastic water cups, it was pretty tasty and went perfectly with the meal. Unfortunately, they ran out of the wide noodles for the nul ro mein so I just went for the regular beef noodle soup sinced I didn't want the spice. The broth was light and slightly tangy from the pickled cucumbers. Even though I didn't have the thick noodles, the thin noodles were pretty good. They definitely tasted home made and a slight chew to them which I love. The beef was thinly sliced and somewhat rubbery/chewy - I was definitely not a fan.Overall, I've had better bowls of noodle soup elsewhere and left slightly disappointed. Then again, I didn't have the spicy beef noodle soup or have the wide noodle either.
5	Hey, not bad at all. The beef noodle soup is soulful and delicious.  Cash Only. No frills.
5	came here with some of the homies...i had the beef and tendon noodle soup...it was fiyah!! brought me back memories of when i was a kid watching jackie chan eating a big ol bowl of soup...my go to chinese noodle spot ayeeeee!!
4	I was craving something hot and soupy that day so i decided to check this place out. I had the hong shao niu rou mian, beef noodle soup. I can say I wasn't disappointed. It wasn't the best I've ever had but it was pretty good. Noodles were pretty good and the broth was on point. I've also heard good things about their beef rolls i will definitely try that next time
3	it was a rainy day and were craving  some hot soup , so we came to try this place .got the beef noodle soup that everybody is raving about and some homemade dumplings in beef soup . somehow our orders were not done correctly and I got thin noodles instead of thick noodles. we also got the wrong kind of dumplings .the flavor of the soup was good and I would have enjoyed the beef noodle soup more , if they gave me the right type of noodles for it . the dumplings were disappointingly small and also not what we ordered , so minus I star for that
4	Brrrrrr...... It is super cold night here in Las Vegas (12/07/2013) we're talking mid 20's. Definitely soup weather. Thanks to yelp, we found one in LV's Chinatown that's highly rated. Service was very good. Specially accommodating a big group (w/ kids in tow)Food came out fast and the soups come out pipping hot. Here's some of the rundown. Beef and Tendon Stew Soup w/ Noodles (Spicy) - the soup was very flavorful, the noodles were perfect, the beef was super tender and delicious. The tendons on the other hand were very very tough. It's a shame, a 5 star soup became very disappointing. Beef and Tendon Soup w/ noodles (not spicy) my wife's order was the same as my soup. Everything was good except the tendons. My sister in law had the same soup & she had tender tendons. (She got the first bowl) we got ours about 5 minutes after she got hers. I think the tendons were not yet ready. Like my wife said, 10 more minutes of cooking those tendons might have helped, I agree. Crispy Chicken Leg Rice. Delicious. The chicken had a five spice rub concoction on it and it was fried perfectly. The rice had some mince pork & sauce on it. Yummy. It also came with half a hard boiled egg and a couple of vegi side dish, both very good as well. This dish was for my son, but me and my wife ended up eating the whole thing, sans the chicken skin which my boy scarfed down. I highly recommend this dish. Everyone in our group enjoyed their meal. The kids specially liked the dumplings. The hot soup certainly warmed us up at least enough to brave the cold LV night and back to our warm hotel. I'll definitely be back
4	Very hole in the wall place but don't let that scare you away. The place is pretty tiny but there was no wait for lunch on a Sunday. Ordered the beef noodle soup. I'm not a big fan of the tomato like broth so opted out of that by ordering no spice. Soup comes with tons of noodles, meat, bean sprouts, and onions. It was very delicious and big portions! Also ordered the wonton with chili oil. Pretty darn good! Definitely worth a visit!!
1	Zero star .......   They have really bad service... Wrong order, bad attitude, even worse, no apology for their mistake.....  And their food are horrible x 5....I will never ever come here again
1	very bad service and give wrong items.i will. never come this restaurant anymore. dont come for your nice vocation.you will get mad
3	I got the roasted beef noodle soup. The soup was spicy and savory, and there were generous chunks of beef and vegetables. The flavor is quite good; my only complaint is that the noodles are just plain ones, rather than hand-pulled noodles that are chewier and tastier.3.5 stars
5	What a great place! We came here with 10 people and every dish was spot-on!
1	worst place I ever been... should have Mc Donalds instead. don't bring your american friends.
4	If I was only rating based on the  beef noodle stew (which comes in both normal and spicy variety), I would have definitely given this place 5 stars. Only reason I brought it down to four was because the cold dishes we ordered on the side were atrocious. It was so evidently clear that they sat in the fridge for ages that I preferred to leave them untouched. The cold dishes came out all stuck together and packed together like an ice cube. It actually took the use of a fork to break it apart because chopsticks were too flimsy for the job. Buuuuuut, the beef noodle stew...Ahhh the beef noodle stew is exquisite. The amount of spices and herbs they use make this extremely tasty. Get the spicy variety as you will not regret it. Huge, bold flavor packed into one bowl, if you are craving beef noodle stew this is the place to go. The store doesn't have a sign outside so look for a place with a Pig as it's mascot (pig from the story Journey to the West).
1	My mom was in town so I decided to give this place a try to see how authentic their Taiwanese beef noodle soup is. This place is alright and overpriced for the quality of food and in comparison to other places we've been to. We ordered 4 items to share between the 2 of us since it was our first time here: wonton soup, beef tendon noodle soup, chicken over rice, and a mixed appetizer plate.Wonton soup: Decent flavor and a good number of wontons were the highlights, but nothing to really rave about. It was tastier than I had expected it to be and for $5.99 I wouldn't mind ordering it again, but again nothing to rave aboutBeef tendon noodle soup: Probably the best dish we ordered, although it's a little pricey for 10 bucks IMO. The soup had good flavor, wasn't too spicy and the tendon was chewy and not overcooked. They also gave a pretty generous portion of beef tendon which was surprisingChicken over rice: This dish was terrible...so dry and overcooked that I barely ate 1 of the 3 pieces of chicken and then boxed the rest up, hoping I would eat it later...we'll see. The chicken is fried and they over over fried this thing...it's so dry, a bag of chips has more moisture than it! Very disappointing to get this dish after dealing with an incident with someone else getting our order (more on that below). $7.99 for this entree is a rip when you compare it to the other ones in our order that were actually edible.Mixed appetizer plate: Forgot what this dish is actually called but it was a mix of beancurd, beef tripe or tendon (not entirely sure) in some kind of chili oil. It was good but man $6.95 is highway robbery for a dish of this size...but I think it's pretty common pricing in Vegas....miss all the reasonably priced appetizers and entrees in Texas!Our order all arrived separately throughout our meal and on 4 different occassions. While we were still waiting on the chicken over rice, we heard the table next to us complain about receiving the wrong order. Apparently he had received our chicken dish instead of his pork chop dish since they delivered it to the wrong table...problem is, he had already touched and dug his chopsticks into the food although he hadn't actually eaten it...The waitress looked at us and asked if it was ok to re-serve this plate to us! WTF, ARE YOU SERIOUS?! First of all, I'm sure there some kind of health regulation against this, but if not, it's just downright gross! We told them hell no and that if they did it'd be wrong. So they took the dish back to the kitchen and said they'd bring us a new one. After discussing amongst ourselves we decided to go up and tell them that they could cancel that item off our order because we didn't want it since we were suspicious that they were going to re-serve us the entree. They told us that they would never to such a thing and that they were working on making a new one. Problem is, once they took it to the back we couldn't see what happened to it and for all we know they just re-served it to us. It was a terrible dish anyways in the end which made it even more disappointing.Not sure if I'll come back in the future, but the only thing really worth getting here is their beef noodle soup. As you can tell, service is terrible here but it's a traditional Asian owned restaurant so what can you expect? They're CASH ONLY as well so be sure to have some paper on you to cover the tab at the end.
5	YUM!  Tasty beef noodle soup!  Delicious wonton in chili sauce!  Everything else here kinda sucks but really why explore a menu when you have found gold?
4	We had beef stew noodle soup, spicy and tasty, different than pho or Chinese noodle soup.  The beef pancake is good too, they were delicious.  The price is around $8 and $9.  The portion is good. The service is fast.  A small place but good noodle soup, we would come back again.
5	This restaurant is on of the best that I've had. I am now a active goer to this place! They're beef noodle soup is one of the best things on menu. Also they're portions are very generous and they really work to become an aspiring business. Even though they get busy, they serve you and get you so they can keep running. They don't wanna keep people waiting for their food. Sometimes when they aren't busy, you may see the owner just sitting there reading. As a boss he still helps and is really social. I love this place.
3	I've lived in and traveled around China long enough to have developed a deep craving for beef noodle soup, and this place hits the spot. Amazingly delicious food can be found in the skeeziest looking shops over there. Most places, families live in the same run down shack as their "restaurant"; so you'll often find the owners' socks and undies drying in the bathroom. You'll be faced with a few basic tables with creaky little stools, a menu board on the wall, and not much else. It takes some getting used to, but I've now come to associate the dumpiest looking shacks with the promise of the most soulfoul food. Noodle Pot is not terribly dumpy, but it does have that basic noodle hut vibe. It's tiny and simple. The menu offerings are narrow. And the soup is hearty and plentiful. Eight bucks will get you a very substantial bowl of tender beef and noodles with the ubiquitous bok choy. Make sure to doctor it up with plenty of whatever is in the jars and bottles on the table (most likely dark vinegar, soy sauce, and chili paste). Then say so long, tuck in and disappear. The flavors are deep and satisfying, right on the money. One senses that many hours have gone into the rich broth and meltingly tender beef. The noodles don't appear to be hand made, as they lack the characteristic tenderness and touthsomeness. These are fine, but they don't make the dish which is all about the beef and the broth. Rather disappointing was the cold cucumber dish I ordered. In China the crushed cucumber dish is about as standard a way to begin a meal as the bread basket is in the west. Over there you will get fresh chunks of crunchy cukes dressed lightly with rice vinegar, and often accompanied by peanuts. Cold, crunchy, salty, a bit of sour--it's a freakishly addictive way to begin a meal. The one I received at Noodle Pot was a sad, pale version of the standard. The cucumbers were soft and wilted, with almost no crunch or flavor. They had clearly sat too long and should not have been served. Service is a non-issue in a joint like this. The gals take your order, bring your food and largely ignore you unless you flag them down. This is the norm in China, where you have to shout at the servers to get their attention. It isn't considered rude for them to ignore you, or for you to holler across the room at them. It's all business here; you come in, sit down, order your dishes, and start slurping. The evening I came in plenty of folks were crowded around the tables, hunched over, slurping away. It's exactly how it should be in place like this, and its why I'll be back.
4	best place in town for beef noodle soup, pass on the beef wrap beef was tough
3	Ate noodles and loved it. Not so expensive for a big bowl of noodles. Place is fast to deliver. OH OH OH FYI! FYI! Please look around where your going to sit. I did NOT pay attention where the FUCK i was going to sit and just sat down... I sat down next to this most ANNOYING, ANNOYING customers that did not Shut the F!!! up during the whole time I was eating. Omg!!!!!!!!!!! It was this blasted God knows what side of America they came out of and how the hell they ended up at the same place at the same time I was there eating... but they were absolutly annoying!  I have no clue how many times they said, "OH this is so good, this is so yummy, this is soo gooey" and when they would slurp there noodles, they would make that sound that fat people would make. You know that sound that sounds like they are having sex with the food? So disgusting. It's like this, "Ohhh...!!! Ummmohhhh! Auhmmm!!! Yes....! So good!!! OHHH!!!" (I was pissed writing the first part but now I am busting out laughing when I wrote those sounds hahahahaha)  Yeah and to make things a little bad I was sitting next to another pair, which came later after me so not my fault. Who did not stop making those nasty snorkling noises like they had mucus stuck in their throat.  Okay back to the topic at hand. It does give you an atmosphere like they just want your money. I feel as if they only want the big crowd of people eating there. But if you want to eat here, come when its dead and you won't feel that your being rushed. No weekend is what I mean. Like a Tuesday, or Wednesday. Cause if you go like me on a Sunday you will get these two groups like I did. You don't want that! BELIEVE ME!  aHH Yeah the soup. Its good kinda typical, just a nice pit stop so dont expect anything amazing. Thats unless you've never tried noodles then you will be tricked to believe you are eating something spectacular. It's a small place.
4	I'll just say this right off the bat - I can't eat the famous beef noodle soup because I can't chew fat and cartilage without being grossed out. The beef itself aside - I actually like the broth and the noodles. Apparently, so do a lot of other more qualified people to get an opinion from. Just scroll around!I'm told they make their own noodles here. They make their own wrappers as well for things like wontons. I can safely say, having had their noodles many times now - they are done right. But my favorite has to be their wontons in chili oil. I can eat these forever. They are the perfect thickness in wrapper, perfect flavor in the meat, and the right amount of broth and juice left over from the cooking process. The chili oil is the icing on this savory cake. Ok ok, wontons aside...- Their small appetizer dish of porous tofu in sesame oil is always a favorite of mine.- Their dan dan noodles are extremely light in taste, swimming in a watery peanut sort of sauce. I prefer this to be thicker and more flavorful but I know Taiwanese food tends to be on the blander/milder side of the flavor spectrum.Service is about what you can expect from Chinatown. This is yet another hole in the wall. You know how it is if you've been pretty much anywhere else on this block. Lastly, and this is important... cash only!
4	After talking to Michael K about my previous negative and less than impressed experience here, we decided to come back so I could give it another try. Remembering that the chicken rice dishes here are trash I went with a beef tendon noodle soup, Mike went with beef noodle soup, and we shared an order of wontons in chili oil. Judging by the items ordered, I can say that this place is authentic, as their noodle soups are served simiarly to what you would find in Taiwan.The beef tendon noodle soup ($8.99) was tasty, with a generous amount of tendon which is the best part! The broth itself was flavorful even though I asked them to make it less spicy for me. They have a spicy and non-spicy version of this dish by the way, so you can also get it mild. The noodles and tendon were soft, very tender and perfectly cooked. I would come back just for this soup alone.The wontons in chili oil ($6.50) was also an impressive dish, and it too was served the traditional way. The chili oil gave the wontons a nice oily flavor but wasn't too overpowering or spicy by any means. The wontons were thin with a decent amount of pork wrapped inside.The service here was a lot better than the last time around and our order was correct with no issues whatsoever. It was interesting that we were the only ones here at noon and then all of a sudden the place exploded and a huge rush of several different parties came in at the same time. This place is pretty solid for their authentic noodle soups, but that's all I would recommend here as an entree.
2	This restaurant is very average compared to what others available in Las Vegas. But before I rate and compare their foods to other similar restaurants, I like to point out one thing that is VERY UNPLEASANT. IF YOU ARE NOT A MANDARIN SPEAKING CHINESE, YOU ARE GOING TO GET SECOND RATE SERVICE. AND, THE SERVICE OVERALL IS BELOW AVERAGE FOR RESTAURANTS LIKE THIS TO START WITH. Sad to see this. We spoke English to the waitress and was seated. At least 4 groups came in after us. They ALL spoke Mandarin and were handed manus and served tea quickly. We waited and waved at the waitress to get attention. She brought us the menu and then the tea. The waitress then proceeded to take orders and served the foods to the 4 groups came in after us. Again, I waved for the waitress and she came and took my orders. CAME IN FIRST AND SERVED 5TH, NOT RIGHT !The foods are pretty standard Taiwanese food and can be compared to other similar restaurants easily, like China Mama, Taiwan Deli, or the now closed Taiwan Kitchen, just to name a few. The beef roll was greasy, the jar jong mien was tasteless, the spicy beef was tough, and the beef brisket noodle was bland. It only deserve 2 stars and no more. Their location is in the Chinatown Plaza so it is a tourists trap. Locals beware.
5	This place here is seriously a hole in the wall Chinese and Taiwanese restaurant! They have the best authentic beef noodle soup you can find in Las Vegas. It's amazing. Also you can ask for a side of noodles for $1 if you're still hungry and have left over soup left. Downside: cash only!
4	Not a bad Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup...From yelping around in Las Vegas, looking for a place that was still open late night, and targeting restaurants that had noodles...this establishment was the one that I chose for our intoxicated food adventure.I was lured to this location not only because of the high ratings, but because of their advertisement of hand-made noodles.The noodles were guud, indeed, they were very guud (especially because of the inebriation factor). The soup was flavorful and not very oily. The prices were very fair and the location is open till midnight. Service was very quick and pleasant.Im usually a PHO-type of guy when it comes to drunk munchies, but after eating here, this place isnt a bad substitute.RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	Super mom and pop shop, located in the huge Asian complex.  I ordered the beef and tendon noodle soup and it came out soooo quickly, I want to say it was under 5 minutes! Service was pretty good considering there were basically only two girls serving all the tables and there was one table of guys that were just being absolutely rude and demanding.  Definitely tipped them a bit more just for having to put up with those idiots. If you're into beef noodle soup, great place to come, they do have little side dishes that you can order as well, I think I might have to come back and try the wontons in chili oil, i keep reading about all the rave! :)
4	I almost missed this spot because I didn't see any English language sign but I am glad I persevered.  The server was helpful and of course I knew what I wanted beforehand.  The spicy beef with beef tendon was filled with fresh chewy homemade noodles and an earthy broth. I added additional chili sauce but it was spiced right for most palates. A nice change from the Strip.
4	Probably one of the best spicy beef noodle soup shops I've been to.  The broth is really good!  None of that soy sauce laden msg stuff.  Noodles are chewy.  Delicious!  Hits the spot.  The space is small but they were able to put tables together for our giant group of 16.  Service is really fast.  Cash only.
4	I was craving noodles and decided to check this place out. The Noodle Pot is a small sit down place in Asia town specializing in more Taiwanese style of dishes. (I'm still trying my best to identify differences between Dishes with Chinese influence.)I ordered the beef and tendon stew noodle bowel. Also, I believe this was the most popular dish on the menu. (Note: Read the menu carefully and you'll notice the differences between the dishes that look similar.) When served, eat immediately in order enjoy the initial heat of the dish. Don't forget to eat the tendon. It's full of flavor and looks like a piece of fat if you are new to eating this type of dish. There's baby bok choy cabbage in there and some pickles as well to balance all the meat and noodle in the dish. I also try the mini dumplings. Spicy and tasty if you need a side dish.
5	This place was great!  So glad my friend chose it. It is very small and you can only pay in cash!!  It's pretty good prices, so you don't need too much. When we first walked in, it was super crowded. Every seat taken and a line out the door. However, the line moved pretty quick and by the time we got to the front, a table had cleared.  My friend had been many times so he suggested their famed Spicy Beef Noodle Stew. Another person ordered the one with tendons too, so I joined in this adventure and got the Spicy Beef and Tendon Stew. Glad I did...it was delicious. Although my novice side showed, because when I eat these soups with noodles, I splatter juices all over me, the people at my table, and 3 tables over. :PSince I had somewhere to be afterwards and know of my rookie noodle eating skills, I was smart enough to wear a napkin bib. No, I didn't look like a tool at all. LOL! Anyway, my friend also ordered the wontons in chili oil and they were delicious too!Definitely will be back with an old T-shirt or bib in hand!Yum!
3	It was July 4 weekend and we've been fighting thru traffic on the road for 5 hours. When we got to our destination it was more than 100 degrees outside. Although it was freakin hot, I was really craving for some noodle soup. I found this place through yelp. I was disappointed. I ordered the beef noodle stew. Beef was tender and the noodle was pretty good, but there's no flavor in the soup. The broth was plain salty. There was no flavor. I needed to drink plenty of water just to dilute the amount of salt I have just taken into my body. I probably would come back to try a different dish though. Service was good and just like the majority of restaurants in Chinatown CASH only.
4	Great, family-like restaurant. Make sure you get the beef noodle soup with the wide noodles. :) Only 4 stars because of how loud it is here! Very cozy and sweet, though.
4	this place is awesome, I love there food. It's hard to find tho, it's right in the corner of China Town if your facing the parking lot where you drive in it's a small hole in the wall on the lower right corner of the shopping area. I drove past it a few times before finding it and I had to call in and ask whats it near by. I had the beef noodle stew not spicy, really good, and the beef roll thing, it was good also. This stuff is addictive. Be warned.
2	I regret not trying their beef noodle soup (main dish) because the dishes we ordered,  chicken leg with rice and noodle with meat sauce (Zha Jiang Mian) are definitely below average. Because of the lousy dishes we ordered, we are doubtful about going back for their beef noodle soup.
1	That is the worse Chinese restaurant I ever go ! Food is ok , services really bad , there is no waiter out there , only one mid-age woman both do service and cashier !                  I went to eat dinner with my little one , I asked for high chair , the lady want me to bring by myself , that is awkward! There is no restaurant would do like that ! And she never smile to us ! No service at all ! I would not recommend it !
4	Tired of Vegas buffets? Then venture out and don't be disappointed.Noodle pot serves up some fairly legit Taiwanese cuisine that definitely rivals that in either LA or the Bay Area. The beef and tendon noodle soup is to die for. Packed with flavor, this soup definitely brings a little heat to the palate too...but all in good form. The beef was fork tender and the tendon was just chewy enough and not a hair bit tough. The noodles were excellent too. Chewy without being too dense. Definitely a winner.We also tried the pork and chive dumplings. Very standard, but still well done. The skin was not too thick nor floury and dumplings had good filling. The pork chop noodle soup was an excellent non-spicy counterpart to the spicy beef and tendon soup. The pork chop was juicy and charred to perfection. The only dish that I thought could have been better was the ja jiang mien. It just didn't have much flavor in my opinion.
4	We were looking for comfort food with flavor and this tiny spot looked inviting and it was open early.  So even though they only take cash, we wanted to give it a try.  We ordered the fish ball with noodle soup, pork ball with noodle soup, sesame noodle, vegetable noodle soup and all came out piping out and the broths were delish!  Such flavor and they even give you green vegetables in your soup.  The food was tasty and we enjoyed it.
4	By far the best Chinese beef noodles I've had. Found this place through Yelp and glad I did. The place is small and can be busy but  the wait isn't long. Ordered #1 the spicy beef noodles, I took one bite and I couldn't stop till I was finished. This places goes on my list of must haves in Vegas. So~ good!
4	Noodle Pot is in China Town and the definition of a hole in the wall. But don't be fooled. This little Tawainese cafe packs a punch. I venture to the storefront with the pig as its logo at the recommendation of my Tawainese banker.  She should know.  And she scribbled in Chinese letters on a piece of scrap paper at the bank the words for Liver Soup with noodles and I dutifully presented that to the cashier at Noodle Pot.  Ten minutes later I was immersed in a beautiful tasting broth with that wonderful fresh liver taste. Yum. Four stars for me. In coming back to try more.
5	One of my favorite beef noodles and dumpling restaurant in Vegas! Been coming here for years. The quality is super consistent as an authentic Chinese restaurant. Space is limited and service is so so but its food is amazing and flavorful. Noodles and dumplings skins are handmade  and has an incredibly nice texture. Price is great for comfort food in Vegas, feels at home :)
3	This is a hole in the wall and food is just ok. I had the following:Beef noodle half tendon soup: good just a bit spicy.Pork cabbage, shrimp chives dumpling: not bad just very small and small portionedPork rice plate: a few pieces of extremely fatty pork with lots and lots of riceWonton soup: the pork stinksService was pretty bad and tea was diluted and taste like hot water.
3	The lady at the front is really rude. I've never been so upset. We ordered 7 orders of dumplings to-go (70 dumplings) they shortened us and only gave us 50 thinking we wouldn't count them. Not only did they gypped us, they were rude about it. They gave it to us, with it leaking all over the bag, and when we asked for an extra bag, she smacked her lips and gave us a dirty look. I'm like what?? On top of that, they gave us 2 dipping sauce for "SEVENTY" dumplings when normally you'd get one for every 10. I'm just really disappointed at the service. Besides their horrible service, the food is really good. Lol I enjoyed the food a lot. Wish we had what we ordered but yeah it was really good. There's a nice waitress there, she's the younger one and she was super sweet to us and gave us extra sauce.
3	Came here after a terrible wait at Mothers Korean Grill. Overall it was good, considering that this is Las Vegas and not Los Angeles. We had the spicy beef noodle soup and the wonton noodle soup. The broth for both weren't too salty and had a good bit of flavor to them. The wontons were smaller than what I'm used to, but everything in LA comes supersized already. The beef rolls were wrapped in some sort of thin flour mixed with egg and was quite delicious. I also enjoyed the pork chop which was charred to perfection and has some good taste to it. Overall, the experience was great with their speedy service, polite waitresses, and otherwise brutally long waits in the buffet lines. I'd come here again if I ever encounter long buffet lines!
4	Haven't had such tasteful noodles in a really long time. The beef noodle was extremely flavorful, maybe a tad too salty; But it was covered up by the spice! The spice might seem really intense but it was the right amount! The classic beef noodles costs $9 which is a little expensive but the taste makes up for it. Be prepared for a wait to be seated!!! And it got so busy in the store where many people were standing around making the small dining area even smaller and I had conflicts with my neighboring table because of the confined space. Also, there were only two waitresses taking orders, serving food, and working the register... That was clearly not enough. I had to wait 5 minutes for a take out box!But still, despite the wait and the cost, I had a really delicious bowl of Taiwanese beef noodles on this wintry day!
5	Just like the other reviews, a healthy alternative to pho!! Def good. Def cheap. The noodles are incredible!!
3	You know a Chinese place is authentic when they barely speak English. Found in a little nook in Chinatown Plaza, next to the Chinatown Mall, Noodle Pot is one of Las Vegas' hidden local gems. What's the appeal? Good home-cookin'. Their noodle soups and stews taste like Grandma has been slaving away all day in the kitchen so you can enjoy a delicious meal.Portions are good for the price, although I personally wish it was smaller in size and a dollar or two cheaper. The joint itself is very small and homey, with almost all the patrons speaking exclusively in Chinese. The menu is fairly simple and easy to understand and service is relatively quick and painless.I like this place enough, but not enough to crave it. The great thing is that their noodles are nicely cooked and I appreciate that they aren't too firm or too soft.
1	Terrible service period, since we don't speak taiwanese people that showed up after us got seated before us. They got their food before us, the place is dirty. We waited at our table for over 10 minutes before ever being acknowledged (I'm pretty sure it would have been longer if we didn't go up to the cashier trying to order), the table we had to run and claim ourselves. The yelp location of the place is completely wrong so a couple of u turns had to happen. Waited forever for the food after waiting a lifetime to even put our order in. While waiting watching more people who arrived after us get their food.  The food is not worth going through all the crap.   And the check was wrong.
1	Very slow service and unorganized, after being seated we waited over 15 minutes before we had to go to the cash register to try to order our food and only then did they acknowledge us and come to take our order. After they finally took our order we waited another 30 minutes for our food and during this time we saw 4 tables of 4 people sit down order and get their food. Food is good, but I will not be back due to the extremly poor customer service.
