1	They call this the dessert passage because you will get lost and basically be searching for an oasis without hope of rescue or finding a single store worth stopping in. Miles and miles of the useless stores that you've never heard of await should you enter... so don't
5	Personally, I loved Desert Passage. However, I'll admit I wasn't there to shop, but to gawk. I think the place is one of the best free sights in Las Vegas-----I took pictures until I ran out of film. DP has to be the most elaborately decorated mall on earth. It's supposed to look, in a Vegas-sort of caricature way, like a North African seaport, Casablanca or Tangiers or someplace like that. What it actually resembles is a set from "Road to Morocco". (For those of you youngsters who don't watch black-and-white movies, that's a cheesy-looking  film from the so-called Golden Age of Hollywood.) Actually, that Road to Morocco remark may be a bit harsh-----some of the decorative details in DP looked pretty authentic. Some of the shop facades were quite realistic-looking. (Others, however, could have been shops in any mall anywhere.) In general, the mall entrances tended to be the locations that were the most richly decorated. As a photo op, I give the place the highest rating. On one point, however, I agree with a previous poster: the ubiquitous mall carts. They clutter up every view. They wouldn't be so bad if they harmonized with the Islamic design scheme------actually, one or two of them do------but most are totally out of context. And the vaunted rainstorm is pretty sad------it's just a bunch of fire sprinklers going off. (But I did like the thunder and lightning effects that accompany the "rain".) Unfortunately, the place I've been decribing may not exist anymore. When I was there in September,2005, an employee told me the place had just been sold and the new owners planned "renovations".
4	Interior is superb. everything is beautifully sculpted and decorated. i love the blue skies and the cute lil booths- gives you the whole Persian feeling. the seating isn't too hard to miss... and some of them are soooo comfy, i seriously wanted to take a nap in one! the hotel itself isn't all that glam, but hanging out at the mall and people watching is absolutely fun!
3	Even though I am not a big mall shopper, I love the Casbah motif, the mosaic tiles, the water fountains,  with the belly dancers, the mosques and waiting for Princess Jasmine at any minute.  A wide variety of shops that you would find at any mall.
3	do-able.
4	I LOVE shopping! If it was a sport I would be a gold medalist.  I went crazy at Desert Passage like a crack addict getting their fix.  Seriously.  It was bad.  My friend had to pull me away because I couldn't stop shopping.  The sales were incredible and I got some amazingly unique designer clothing that I couldn't have found in the Bay Area.  Near perfect shopping experience.
3	I usually really like this shopping area, but on this trip they were expanding so it was a bit dusty. Otherwise it was still really great. I like the shops even though it wasn't the Forum, but it's a totally different type of feel. It's not those designer stores where everything is sooooo expensive where you can only touch but not buy.I'm sure once they've completed what they're doing it'll be great.
4	I stayed at the Aladdin and was stoked to kind an ABC Store in it.  It was like being in Hawaii.  I know it's just a convenience store, but there is something about ABC that I just love.  It takes me back, you know?
4	I love this shopping area.  There's lots of good stores here.  Even an ABC store and a Hilo Hattie.  If you're from Hawaii, you'll understand what I'm talking about.  And even if you're a tourist to those same islands, you'll also relate.  Regardless, this is a nice area to stroll around and do some good shopping.
3	This is a mall??  It doesnt look a thing like a mall!!!  I was fascinated by all the surprises along the "mall".. its like walking in a medieval village.  We got lost walking around, its so confusing!!!I just like how the mall is built, i didnt do any shopping at that time. BROKE.
4	Okay, they got us good.   When walking inside it was right before sunset, and the fake sky at the time did not look fake at all.   The lighting was perfect and when walking in, we were totally confused as we did in fact think that we just walked into an open sky courtyard...    It got our whole family for up to a few minutes.    Very impressive.     This is worth stopping by just to check out.     Now only if Nevada could legalize recreational marijuana, this would just take the cake!    :)Very extremely realistic, I do suggest stopping by, even if you are not shopping.   :)
4	I'm so sad this place closed. I guess I'm a little bias because Aladdin was my first Las Vegas experience. My family and I stayed here at the hotel when it was still Aladdin and browsed through these shops and more. It was such a fun and wonderful time. I remember the rooms being clean and this strip being full of amazement and wonders for me being a first timer and about 13 at the time. I thoroughly enjoyed the Aladdin theme and the random giant elephant statues they had everywhere as well as the "thunderstorm" in the middle of the passage. Oh Aladdin, you are so dearly missed!
4	The mall didn't close. It's just been re-named the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood.Same mall. Same stores. Same everything .. except name.
3	This is a pretty good mall. Mostly normal shops that everyone can pretty much afford to shop in from time to time. I like that there are several good restaurants that are affordable to eat in and there are also several great entertainment options to consider as well (See V Theater and Test America reviews)The casino is pretty average.... The dealers can be kinde of hott, but the gaming is never that good. Or at least I've never won anything here.
4	Great place to window shop. Shops open till midnight.There's plenty of restaurants for quick bites too.Definitely coming back here to stroll the next time i'm in town.
3	I am really surprised that this placed closed down 'cause the shops inside weren't that bad and it was fun to walk through. Granted no one was buying 'cause of the prices but they still had some quality shops worth checking out.
