3	After seeing the Fry's Signature in Scottsdale, I had high expectations with this supermarket. The store was not as fancy, but it was still nice looking. Bathrooms are located next to the pharmacy. The air fresheners gave the bathroom an extra touch.This supermarket has a Starbucks, sushi area, etc. No price scanners though.Considering that this supermarket is in the middle of nowhere, it does have a lot of customers!
4	Awesome Fry's prices with an extensive collection of food!Budget friendly and gourmet.There are even comfortable seats to sit and watch tv at, surf the net, or sip coffee.It's not overcrowded either. No long lines!Drive thru pharmacy, too.Great supermarket!
3	This Frys usually has a great selection of fresh organic fruits and vegetables. A lot better than other grocery stores in the area. If I can't make it down to Phoenix for my fresh fruits and veggies I always stop here.
5	This is my favorite Fry's around. I love the expanded natural foods section & improved organic produce department. A few weeks ago I purchased some juice boxes that were sticky & asked if they had any others that weren't sticky. The grocery manager took my juice boxes over to the Starbuck's & washed them off before putting them back in my bag. He was super cool about it & let me know it was his pleasure to make sure I was happy.  LOVE him.
4	I like this store, it's easy to get in and out of.   I'm a fan of the self checkout.   Everyone wants to help.   GO FRY"s.
3	It took me a while to get used to AZ grocery shopping after the mega-groceries in Ohio.  This Fry's comes pretty close.I grew up shopping Kroger, so I love the Private Selection brand.  DH loves Boar's Head deli meats.  They got 'em.The personnel here are always super nice.  The deli ladies are way faster and more efficient than back in Ohio.  As for cashiers, you gotta love Wild Bill.  When he is working, I try to go thru his line.  He's always got a smile and a joke and he brightens my day.The Asian lady at the meat counter can be tough going sometimes---I think I talk too fast for her---but she tries hard to please.Store is always clean and organized.  It's very seldom that you have to try to shop around folks stocking the shelves, which is a total pet peeve of mine.It's a good grocery with good people.
1	Absolutely disgusting selection of meat. The produce isn't much fresher. And it never fails, whatever else I happen to need is out of stock. I loathe shopping here. I have complained to management before and it doesn't really do any good.
5	Brand new opened this year and only one in Phoenix, AZ area. Its similar to Marianos but on a smaller scale and bit more pricier. But definitely worth checking out. They carry awesome items especially local farm fresh products and organic. The unique thing about this shop it has a great cafe offering intelligentsia coffee and frozen yogurt. Including a wine bar for some drinks. The Plum Market has a huge selections of wines. Check out the special cheese selections, too. And cannot forget the dessert, there is a fancy chocolate truffle shop! Four star only due to bit overpriced items.
