3	I was greeted quickly, and I could understand every word the person behind the counter said....also my hair cut was just as I wanted it. I will return. My whole experience was 20 minutes in and out.
4	Walked right in. I admit, I brought my 11 year old daughter in to get a cheap haircut and style.  Everything here is ala cart, so if you want a hair wash before a cut,  it's $5, a cut for an 11 year old is $13 and a style (blow dry) STARTS at $30 - $45. So my 11 year old, who will probably jump in the pool 20 minutes after we leave here will have just cost me around $80 (with tip) .  Not the pricing I was expecting from great clips to say the least.  But it is a great place if you don't care if you hair is washed before it's cut or styled when you leave. Haircuts are $13. The place  was clean, the employees were nice. The lady (Marilyn)  that did my daughter's hair was very nice and did a great job. She had nice hair too so I trusted her opinion. Weird how humans judge like that I know.  Several guys came in while we were here and were in and out in ten minutes. I would bring my sons here for sure and my daughter if she just needs a quick trim with no add ons, otherwise I will just take her to my stylist. It would have actually been cheaper.     Hour later follow up; After we left the salon, I realized that my daughter 's hair looked really pretty. Marilyn did a wonderful job on the cut and style.  My daughter (11) was so excited and loved it.  The total was $48 and I tipped $10. After getting over the " ala cart" pricing,  I am really happy with our service.  Also, Marilyn must be good, because everyone that walked in after us ( 6 people) requested Marilyn.  I would take my daughter back to this location and ask for Marilyn.
4	While some people may be picky about hair cuts, dudes seem to less so. I mean, as long as my ears are attached and my hair looks okay-- we're good.But seriously, I've been coming here for years. Never a problem. And their app to check in is pretty good. Has reduced my wait time considerably.
4	After we left the salon, I realized that my daughter 's hair looked really pretty. Marilyn did a wonderful job on the cut and style.  My daughter (11) was so excited and loved it.  The total was $48 and I tipped $10. After getting over the " ala cart" pricing,  I am really happy with our service.  Also, Marilyn must be good, because everyone that walked in after us requested Marilyn.  I would take my daughter back to this location and ask for Marilyn.
