1	Stay away.  Avoid at all costs.  Don't move here even if it's free.
1	I would move if I could, but since the housing market took a dump, rental rates are out of this world!The upstairs neighbors are loud as ever, and you can hear them tromping around, sounds as if they are going to come through my ceiling.The office staff are idiots, and its a struggle to get anything done. You have to call over and over to get a maintenance request filled. They treat tenants like second rate citizens, and act as if it is a bother to actually help you.The security gates work...sometimes, but look like crap! They have landscapers that take up half the parking lot 2 days a week, and still don't do a good job.If you can, live elsewhere!
1	I agree with all the other reviews. This place is horrible. The office employees are not very bright. It took a month and a half after filling out the application to know if we were approved or not, and we didn't find out until the day before our move in date! And that was with constant calling and going down to the office. They are extremely unorganized, and they are very polite and friendly, until you move in. Then they act like they can't be bothered with you or your problems. They can't keep track of anything, it takes constant calling to make sure they are on top of your requests. I would not refer this apartment complex to ANYONE.
2	So I lived in the 3 bedroom apt. Its nice and big. However I stayed on the bottom. And the neighbors are loud top and side. You can hear the woman constanly singing at night. very annoying. Besided that when we moved in , even though they cleaned the carpets I can still see a stain. So I made sure that was checked. So after the move out we got a bill for  $500. Unbeleivable they charged us for pet stains. which we did  not have pets. Then their were some tears or something on the vinyl which we did not know what the hell they were talkin about. Thank god that the maintenaince man who repaired some bathroom issues remembers seeing them and told them it was because of the flooding that happend in the bathroom. And they had to tear up the carpet to air it out. Cause they were trying to chare 120 for that. Then we did burn thecounter top in the kitchen, but let me tell you that those counter were already worn and discolored, so she said thats why were only charging you 300 no the whole 500. Insane. and yes in 2 other bathroom were inscent burns so that was included in the 300, but seriously its not hard to clear those up. So then when we told them we had no pets and they said we wil call you back and check out the previous owner.. so Thank god a lot of the charge went down. But these office people DO NOT have it together.  So if you do move into this place. You will have re-appearing stains, make sure you are super picky when you check off that list cause they will charge for every single little thing take pictures. And if your in the 3 bedroom put aside  an 300 dollars for the hottest months of the year for your electric bill....   All these other reviews are not far off. Good luck
3	Not a bad place to live at all, mostly quiet and great maintenance crew.I lived here for 10 months and really don't have any major complaints. The office staff is a little slow at times (both speed and comprehension) but nothing that ever held me back or upset me to the point of ranting on yelp as others have. On my first visit I was signed and ready to go quickly and had a garage close to my apt, a covered spot for my truck, gate code and opener and pool/gym keys without any hassle. Paying online however is a mess - read below.I had new carpet the day before I moved in which was unexpected and appreciated. I like the washer/dryer being inside my apt and the BR closet is large. It's pretty decent larger 1-BR plan with a covered spot and garage for about $900/mo.Maintenance:- Over the months I had the dryer button break - they fixed it on a Saturday morning within the hour.- My air conditioning unit went out around 11pm in October, just wasn't blowing much at all, called and left a message at 1230am, they were working on it at 6am before I was awake and had the new parts and had the whole thing fixed and blowing cold by 10am.- Later, I had the washing machine dial switch break and I called them when I woke up at 9am and it was fixed sometime during that same day before I got home that evening.The maintenance guys seem very attentive and always about around the complex and wave when you drive by. They're all-stars as far as I'm concerned and are much better at their jobs than other maintenance crews I've had in other rental properties. I'm sure they have their days but my experience was very nice with them.Community:Overall the property seemed fairly quiet to me. Not many people out past 9pm. I will say however that the buildings have very thin walls.I don't believe you can really blame a complex for your heavy footed neighbor, however for the first 8 months or so I only occasionally heard the dude upstairs, but the next couple that moved in were very loud with a larger dog that scratched/wrestled with his cage with reverberated through the floor quite annoyingly a lot of the time. I don't believe management should allow medium-large dogs on the 2nd floor. I could hear their TV clearly (as in I could tell what show they were watching) if I wanted quiet and didn't have mine on to drown theirs. Also had a guy that moved in next to me and I could hear him snoring very clearly but I'm pretty hyper-sensitive to hearing what's going on around me. Having my TV on at night helped me crash out on the louder nights but I was mostly only home very late at night so most ppl sleep. There are other reviews on here about the loud neighbors but people are 1 dumb and 2 assh0les and are inconsiderate to others around them. Nobody realizes how loud and obnoxious they're being. That said you can't really blame the complex for that. If you don't want to hear anything move into a house or something away from people.Finally the payment system:What a cluster-f**k this system is. It's set in place by the property management company Pillar Communities and it's a train wreck. First off their third-party water company Comptrol is supposed to add their bill into the billing system. Sometimes that works, sometimes it doesn't. I got late payment notifications for $8 due to them not having the proper total added to the AUTOMATED monthly billing. Also the automated billing never worked. ONCE it worked for me, then it didn't. I got back from a 2 week work trip out of state to a notice on my door about eviction if I didn't pay in 8 days, which luckily was the day after I received the note... because their system didn't automatically the money out of my account which it did the month before. It wasn't a balance issue, or a communication issue (validated with Chase), Pillar's system never requested it. So I set it to do manual payments online. Worked fine then sometimes I wasn't able to even use it as my account was blank, upon REsetup after talking to the office manager, it didn't have my previous bill, so I had to get a check printed from Chase and manually hand it in. Manually telling it to pull money worked most of the time, except when the water system hadn't put the full water bill amount in time. Long story short their system for doing online billing is absolute shit and the worst thing about the whole 10mo experience. The office people don't know anything about it because it's a system offered by the property management company and any request for support from Pillar goes unanswered. Fact is they don't know what they're doing. I could literally build that system in like 4 hours. It's aggravating.Anyways, It's not a bad place to live and want to pay by dropping checks off in person each month the old school way. I'm just rarely home due to work travel so handling things online is extremely tedious. Living there is fine though. It is what it is.Cheers, Chuck out.
5	I am in the process of renewing my lease......again. Moved in here January of 2010. That alone says alot about this place. I'm really pickey. Great maintenance team and better front office people. The property is well kept, constantly being upgraded and quiet. I would absolutely feel comfortable recommending Biscayne Bay to anyone looking for someplace that is pet friendly, quiet, clean and affordable.
