5	This starbucks is really clean eveyone seems to know each other and what they are going to order it's hard to find that these days.
4	The coffee shop is clean, we staffed and they get the order right.   One of the better Starbucks that I have visited in the Valley. At times the place may be crowded, but a decent clientele.
3	This is my second choice location when I'm looking to fill my Starbucks requirement for the day.It has a drive thru so this works for when I'm a bit on the lazy side.The barista's are always helpful but have spoken down about other Starbucks locations and that just leaves a bad taste in my mouth (not coffee, just put downs).Note to Starbucks - if you are listening - the piadini thingy with the spinach and feta was sooooo good, why, oh why did it leave and can it come back? - This would get me back into this store.
5	Great places, full of nice baristas
1	The employees at this location always seem to have a latte up their a**. The few times that I have been here, I have felt that I'm bothering the employees and interrupting their conversations.
3	I prefer to go to local coffee shops and support them rather than go to Starbucks. My only issue with this Starbucks is that the staff aren't very friendly rather you're going through the drive-thru or going inside. This one was right next to my house so I would stop in purely based on convenience but if I had time I'd go somewhere else for sure.
4	As good as a Starbucks gets! This is such a busy location. I really wish they would put another one in the Foothills. I've also had quite a few 'pay it forwards' in the drive thru- which always make my day. Then I get to do it to someone else! 8)
4	I like this location, it is clean and the staff is friendly.  The drive thru is SUPER SLOW so if you're in a rush, get out of your car and walk inside.  This is the main location in ahawatukee, so it is packed most of the time.  Not too much sitting space inside, so it's more of a place for a quick meeting or get your coffee and go.  Otherwise, another one of my places for coffee!
4	Great place, clean and friendly, fast internet connection. The only thing is they don't have that much outlets. They have 3 that I know of and they are in the corners where only one person can use it and blocking off from others.
1	The employees at this location are more concerned with each other than the customers making the service consistently slow. Thankfully a new coffee shop opened less than a 1/2 block away and I don't have to suffer the indifferent staff here any longer.
4	This is a good location, and constantly busy! They have good service, everyone has a great attitude, and the lobby is nice and comfortable. My only complaint with this location is the parking lot, and specifically how hard it is to get in and out, especially when it is busy. Be ready to cram through some tight spots and dodge some cars if you are there when it's busy!
4	Good neighborhood Starbucks. I love that there is a drive thru here. It makes it so convenient to swing through on your way to run errands on a Saturday. Only real criticism is the drive thru line. It's always long. But that's just because we are all too lazy to go inside.
1	This is a horrible Starbucks! They consistently mess up and don't compensate for it.  It's very disappointing because we love Starbucks! Both gold members and now have to find a new Starbucks:( we even asked if we could have the managers card and none of the regular staff knew how to help us nor did they apologize! It took 20 minutes to get our drinks! First ordered in the drive thru then had to walk in.
2	Friendly staff and consistently good service. This location needs to be expanded however. Often times you can't get a seat. I've seen in.erous people come and and leave without buying anything due to lack of seating. Me included. Take over the location next door and expand.
2	Have only been here once before but it was fine. This time however I had a rude teen taking my order. Not only did she laugh at me, but was NOT helpful. Two things I ordered were out, and she merely said, "we don't have those, does that complete your order?" No suggestion for something else, like what??? No I obviously want something else...I worked at a Starbucks for four years and I def never treated someone like that. RUDE!
4	This location was recently renovated and has a bit more seating but is still often too crowded to count on being able to find a seat.Also the internet was never very speedy here but now after the renovation it's even worse and drops every few minutes. I think they need to look at replacing the equipment or resolving the issue. I stop by here often for a drink and to do some quick online work between appointments but with the current internet situation, I need to start going to Paradise Bakery nearby.
3	I used to love going to this Starbucks! Unfortunately, I do not feel the same way after their recent remodel. I figured they would expand to the small vacant room next door or even add more chairs (since it's always so busy here). It looks like they went to ikea and bought the cheapest furniture they could find and limiting any seating space. This is a pretty busy Starbucks compared to many others I've been to. It's just disappointing.
5	I've been here twice and I've been very pleased. Joey took my order the first time I was there, as he was very friendly. I forget what I ordered that time, but it came out just fine. :)Visited again today, and I didn't think to look at any names, but the girl who took my order was very friendly again, and very quick with reloading my card. I ordered my go-to drink today, which is a grande dry soy cappuccino. Again, I forgot to check for the name of the girl who made it, but it was among the best I have ever had. Perfect foam, perfect ratio for a dry cappuccino - most baristas at other locations I've been to have consistently messed them up, but here it was great. Delicious delicious delicious! I'll try to get their names next time so I can give them proper credit.
2	Worst Starbucks service in the general area. The location is beyond slow inside or through the drive through. If you can avoid this location, do it. Otherwise if you have ample time to sit around and wait for your coffee for 2-3 times longer that you should, this is the Starbucks for you.
1	It always takes me 20 minutes to get through the drive thru, no matter if there are ten or two cars. They've messed up my order numerous times (including not making it decaf which is actually a problem for me), but I will say 50% of the staff is nice and apologetic so just as long as I get one of them I don't feel so upset about waiting. I'm a loyal Gold card member so I do continue to go but I'm not pleased.
