5	I love this news station. The anchors are so silly that it seems more like a talk show than a news channel. They make borderline inappropriate jokes, star in funny commercials and poke fun at each other whenever possible. They even give traffic and weather information!
5	Monica and Jason are the best morning hosts on TV...period.  I always look forward to their morning show when visiting Vegas.  Monica is especially hilarious.  Way to go KVVU!
5	Yes, this is my favorite news station. I watch it in the morning, when I get ready for work. Jason & Monica are so funny together- he's such a cutie with cheesy, corny jokes, and she's a sassy, bubbly co-host. Extreme Amy needs an honorable mention, with her many adventures in the mornings- she's lucky! When I was unemployed, I watched the "More" show- nice idea to air it twice, BTW. Rachel is one of my favorites. She gets to go to all these cool places (premieres/ on location) and interview so many stars- great job. I watch it at night- the 10 pm show is a great time slot. I'm not saying I watch the news, day and night. If I catch it, I like this station, is what I'm saying.I live Olivia, the pretty optimist, John Huck, he's been here a while, Darren Peck is the happiest weatherman (I like that positivity- it's genuine, it doesn't come off as cheesy), and all the other supporting newscasters. I love the commercials- my husband said they ripped off ESPN, but who cares. I like that they can joke and poke fun at themselves- it's real. I don't like stuffy- I can't relate. They are professionals who care- various fundraisers that they actively participate in, like the back to school fundraiser, Take 5 to care (donate school supplies).  Also, they sponsor the popular "Pure Aloha" festivals.
1	When I watch the news I expect a certain level of professionalism. When I watch the morning news on Fox 5, I feel like I am watching a newcast done by high schoolers. News, to me, should be informative not necessarily entertaining (there are lots of other things to watch for entertainment value). If it's both, great... But the former should always be of more importance then the later... I have limited time to get ready for work and I only turn on the news to hear traffic and weather. Not celeb gossip. Not dumb jokes. Not stories about what one of the news anchors did the previous evening. Tell me what I need to know to get to work safe,  and if something big happened overnight I'd like to hear about that too! The idiots in the morning on Fox call Thursdays "Friday Eve". Imagine it's 5 am, you are groggily trying to make some coffee to wake up so you ca drag yourself out the door for work,  and you hear the newscaster say its Friday.......... Eve. It's not cute or funny, it's obnoxious. That word sums up the Fox 5 News for me... obnoxious.
