5	I'm a regular at Barrique's.  Madison has no shortage of coffee shops with free wifi.  Most coffee shops in Madison are friendly to students, accommodating with outlets and Barrique's is no exception.  What makes Barrique's my regular haunt over other coffee shops though is their tea.  I'm a bit of a snob when it comes to good tea.  It's difficult not to be a snob when my dad is also a tea enthusiast and I've grown up drinking tea he personally selected and brings back on his trips to China and Taiwan.  I really can't fault coffee shops for serving tea not to my standards.  They are, after all, COFFEE shops, but when they do offer tea that I enjoy, I can't help but become a regular.Their Jasmine Pearl tea is what I most often go for.  I enjoy the Park Street location because it's well lit, with beautiful windows.
5	I loved their intricate coffee types and decor that looked very eco friendly. I wish I had known that this location was so close to the lake earlier on during the summer so I could have enjoyed it but nonetheless I will definitely be grabbing a cup of coffee to go, bundling up and walking along the lake!
2	I'm usually a big fan of Barriques, but this location has one problem that is the reason for the two-star rating and why I won't go back. The coffee shop doesn't ventilate properly, so I leave the shop smelling like smoky bacon and have to change my clothes and shower so I can bear myself. I really hope this gets fixed so I can return, but for now I'll go to their other locations.
5	SOOO barriques. As some of you may know... I FREAKIN LOVE BARRIQUES. I must hold down my excitement to review this particular location though. Barriques coffee, tea, and treats? EXCELLENTThis particular location has a lot going for it and some not so much. The things I like most about it, is the location and the interior. This location is found right smack dab on the corner of Fish Hatchery Road and Park Street which is a HUGELY traveled intersection near downtown Madison. Plenty of sitting space, some comfy chairs and even a darkened area that seems... I don't know, quaint. It isn't super busy every time I have been here but it isn't dead either. Staff has been sometimes inattentive and once or twice downright rude but it only happened once or twice so I won't hold it against them. They also have an internet area in the back I think. I tend to stay toward the front of the store so I am not sure but I thought that was a really nice addition. 9 out of 10 times the store is spotless and finally it isn't cramped.Now onto some not so nice things (Sad Face). So the things I dislike most about this location are 1. the bathroom, and yes I know it seems mundane but if you read some of my other reviews this can make or break it. It isn't always as clean as it could be to put it nicely. Another issue I have, Ironically enough, is the location. I know I said I enjoy the location and I do but it is right on the main drag so if you are there on a nice summers day or around 8:00, 12:00, or 4-6:00, all you will see is bustling traffic. Which, if you are trying to relax, is not the first thing that springs to mind. The other issue is that it doesn't seem to be as busy as it should be for being where it is. Why isn't that place packed all day! The reason I have found for this is that there is not much parking without walking a bit, which is great in the summer maybe or if your younger, but not so much in the winter. There is street parking but it is regulated so much that you would end up moving your car anyway. They have about 6 spots along the back of store but thats it.So because I love their coffee and atmosphere so much this place gets a difficult 5 stars. The reason if because I don't want to have to park on a greatly busy street and cleanliness of the bathroom. Otherwise? Great staff, Free WiFi, Great coffee, Great Decor, Great Food, And Great Coffee... Oh did I say they had Great coffee too?
3	You will really like Barriques if you go on a good day. Otherwise, you might not be impressed. I have been there enough times to see both, so the inconsistency is why I am giving this place 3 stars.Wine, Coffe, Bakery and small menu sounds great, right?Their coffee is usually pretty great. They have some delicious wine choices as well. However, it takes an inordinate amount of time to get food considering what they serve (soup, salad, sandwich). The food is usually pretty good, but not work waiting 30 minutes for a salad, I feel. The bakery is hit or miss. I just had an incredibly good chocolate raspberry cupcake that I HIGHLY recommend, but their scones are sometimes burnt. Overall, Barriques is a 4-5 on a good day and a 2 on a bad one. If they sped up service and became a little more consistent, it could be really great.
4	Great, sunlit place where you can stay as long as you like! They also have a cave-like seating area with warm incandescent lighting if you prefer. Their drip coffee is strong enough to be gourmet, but somehow the way they brew makes it not quite as strong as I like. (I prefer their espresso drinks.) Delicious wraps and interesting wines, if you're into that. Hassle-free parking compared to the location on West Washington!
3	The same old, the same old - why does the barrique service so slow during 80% of my visit? That coupled with unenthusiastic cashier always makes me a sad panda.The redeeming part of barrique is that they are open until 9pm. That I can appreciate. This one on the Park St also opens at 6:30 on Saturday, and I appreciate that, too. But other than that, why would I come here when I can go to Cargo.
5	I love Barriques. They have good coffee, wonderful ambiance, free wi-fi and tasty food. Plus you can always grab a bottle of wine and some cool funky home decorations while you are there, talk about multi-tasking. Even my hubby who doesn't normally drink coffee will do an iced coffee when we go. Hmm, just writing this review is making me think that I should head there soon and work from there today!
4	In a word: neat.  The person I was meeting was late, which gave me a chance to peruse the wall-o-wine.  Good coffee, parking kinda stinks, but overall nice little hang out.  It makes me want to show up with my laptop so I can look like I'm doing something important while quaffing top-rate coffee.  Okay...Yelping.
5	Caffeine- YES, Same great business- YES! Character- YES! Convenient location- YES!I am a fan of all of the Barriques and I love that each one has its own character.This one is in a fun spot right on the corner of Park and Fish Hatchery Road.  Love all the fine visual details they put into this building.  Tons of industrial elements; wood accent walls, gears, metal, and glass give this location a cozy feel without being too hipster.  It has two main areas to sit, the wide open main area and a cozy nook that will make you feel like you are sitting in a big tree house.  Yep, it's your own club house for people that like caffeine.  As always, the coffee is spectacular and consistent.  They have some of their yummy food options here too, which is great for on the go or grabbing a bite to stay the afternoon.They have parking spots, around 8 or so max.  That's the only problem if the lot is full, otherwise I have nothing but great things to say about my favorite local coffee chain.
4	I like this place a little more than most coffee shops in Madison...they have a good variety of soups/sandwich selection and their tea selection is a notch above the rest. Two things have me holding back on the 5th star: parking and clientele. Parking can be overlooked, except that the clients seem to come in and sit for hours. Many bike here, but too many do not. Also - they really have some loud, verging on rude, conversations. The hipster element is a little too much at times.
4	Barriques has reliably good coffee, rich and well brewed. They have honey and real spoons at the fixings stand, a big plus for those of us picky people who can't stand defiling coffee with sugar or wooden stir sticks. Their lunchtime offerings are surprisingly good, as well. An extensive wine collection pretty much covers one wall. I don't know of any other place in town that carries Zapp's potato chips, a treat from New Orleans. Nice place to hang out, and it works for business meetings, too. Solid 4 stars from me.
5	After not being at a Barriques for a very long time we decided to give this location a try. I like it very much. The decor is nice and inviting. We received good service, the internet was good, and the people watching fun. I had a frappe and a slice of lemon poppy seed bread. Both were really yummy. The music is nice, not too loud. Parking could be better but that would be my only complaint.
2	I enjoy their coffee and sandwiches. However the parking lot is the worst! I can never find a parking spot!!!
5	This is by far my favorite place for coffee, spirits, wine and chocolate in Dane county. The quality of coffee and great service are consistent. Always a pleasure to work, have a meeting during the day or simply hang out.
4	Found a new hang out place when I'm in town! I passed this place a whole lot of time in the past but I finally decided to stop in. I needed a place to park myself and do some work, and I thought of it almost immediately.When I came in, I saw a very attractive blonde gorgeous lady cop getting an iced tea. I am no lesbian but I could see her being in some guys' fantasy. Cuff me, officer. Cuff me now. I digress..I don't usually pay appreciation to the same sex beauty but I guess it was one of those days. That's why my reviews are solid as I give credit when credit is due.The place was cute and first thing I looked for was electrical plugs. I saw a bunch and I felt instantly at ease. I ordered my cappuccino. I was disappointed they didn't ask me if I wanted a real cup or to go as they gave me a to go cup. I wanted a real mug and planted myself there for at least a couple hours.It wasn't a big deal though. The coffee was delicious! I was more than ecstatic over it. The place was great for people watching too. They had all kinds of activities. There were two older women reunited after years not seeing each other. There was a job interview going on right in front of me and this lady teacher that had red hair and freckles are teaching salsa dancing. There was a cute guy dressing like he rode his bike there, and he's all alone. I was hoping he made eye contact until his less attractive girlfriend showed up. There were students studying, people on dates drinking wine. There's a lady in a lululemon sweatshirt that I wanted and she ordered a breakfast dish that smelled so good. There was a girl with a huge braid made of tiny strands of more braided hair.I had some stuff done but it could have been a lot more if I didn't get distracted with the interesting stuff around me.I checked out their wine selections and it was pretty cool. I even picked up a bottle of Viognier to go.Low points were they had a dingy filtered water dispenser that need to be replaced. They didn't have Stevia for sweeteners, and though I was grateful they had parkings, I was worried sick if I would curb it and scratch my wheels. It was so cramped and tiny. But all was fine. Lastly, it was rather hot inside. I didn't know why they didn't keep it cool and comfy. I also got bitten by mosquitos inside.So drank coffee, people watching, work, and trying to kill mosquito and scratched my legs half of the time. I'll come back in a heartbeat!!
3	I like Barriques in general but this location has not impressed me. Slooowwwwwww service, even at hours where a quick in and out is important for most people (I was ordering in, and my drink took 10 minutes and sandwich 20; I saw another woman in line have to wait 10 minutes for regular coffee she could've dispensed herself, though!) The HVAC system makes aggressively loud noises when they're roasting coffee, presumably because it's sort of a warehouse feel and so it's not well insulated - it sounds like you're sitting under a jet taking off. Delicious as ever, but the ambience and service here? No thanks.
1	My barista was very condescending, rude, rushed me and and I asked for the smallest...this is the part that sent me over..after all the attitude,  she goes..."we dont have small only 'so n so' size"...well good thing I didn't ask for a small..I asked for the smallest. Needless to say after my bill was paid several other customers had came in,.got their food and drinks when I literally only ordered a coffee to go, and received my coffee after the people behind me had already left....it was so awful I tossed the entire drink. Maybe they thought they could treat me worse because im a college student, or because they truly just have that shitty of emloyees. Either way, I'd rather drink brown water from a faucet before I ever go there again and deal with that barista very rude and unprofessional attitude.
4	Well doesn't this Barrique's location have just the best customer service EVER! If you know me well, you know I drink cold brew 365, so when cafes stop carrying during the months it's obscene to sip something cold, I make it at home, using a pound of Full Bore from Barrique's, 10 cups of water, and two-ish days steeping in a dark corner. I'll cut that 50/50 with water and that pretty much fuels me from December until May. Here's the thing, on my last visit, the machine mutilated my beans, whereas almost every other time I've picked up a bag the ground has been a tad course. I pointed it out to the barista, she showed her manager, and within minutes they were grinding another pound on a different machine. They explained that although the machines get pretty regularly services, sometimes things can be out of whack. I was appreciative they were willing to give me a do over, a level of service and attention that'll keep me coming back! (Now if they could only brighten up that dark little room. When tables up front are full I go into full sleep mode pulling up a chair in the darker of the two spaces.)
2	We had a cinnamon bun that tasted like it came from the three day old cart at Walmart.  The wrap we had was mostly spinach with a little bit of egg.  There was a miniscule amount of cheese on one part. On the other end was some sort of green mush, that I can only assume was the advertised avocado. I do not struggle with hipster-ism so the industrial type decor did not resonate with me, however it was done well so I had to give the second star.  If your looking for breakfast and you don't need the artistic atmosphere, then go to McDonald's and ask them to microwave a salad... It would probably taste similar.
5	Delicious food and coffee. We got fast service and our food was made to the T.  Yummy.
