5	I'm a transferred patient from DC. Oasis offered me a reasonable price with 0%financing. Dr. Day is super nice and educated as well as the staffs. well organized place;)
5	This place is the best! I used Oasis Ortho for my daughter, Breanna's, braces and it was nothing but a positive experience for the 4+ years that her treatment took.  They did her initial exam and told me what all that she needed to have done, and she needed A LOT of work...her teeth were a mess.  Dr. Day sat down with me and explained everything.  He provided me with a written work up and copies of her x-rays.  I'm the kind of person who gets nervous when I think something is gonna be too expensive for my modest income, but he was really accommodating and worked with me on affordable (interest free) monthly payments for my portion of the balance after my dental insurance benefits covered half of it.  I'm not sure what braces normally cost, but if I remember right, we paid about $4200 total for her braces, that amount includes what my insurance covered too.  After my portion was paid in full they never, ever came back to me with some 'mystery expense' and asked me to pay another dime.  When I signed the treatment agreement with them they told me that my out of pocket portion for the braces was $2100 and they were 100% true to their word on that, despite the fact that my daughter's teeth were stubborn and needed a longer treatment plan to get aligned correctly.  I really appreciated them sticking to their word on that.They day that we started the treatment and she got her braces they gave her a gift baggie with some dental goodies and a brand new, super nice electric toothbrush!  (And not a cheap $6 Spin Brush either, but like a $100 rechargeable Sonic toothbrush!!  I was very impressed.)The front office staff was always friendly, polite and very flexible about scheduling her appointments when it worked best for my work and her school schedule.  And they always gave me a courtesy call and email confirmation to remind me of the next appointment date and time; they went above and beyond in all aspects.   The appointments always happened on time, or even early when we occasionally showed up early and they took her right in.  The front lobby was always spotless, comfortable and inviting and had a fun play area for the younger siblings, with cartoons, a wall mounted video game terminal and a couple of wall mounted Rube Goldberg-like toys interactive toys. The patients always get a fruit flavored tropical slushy with a fun, tropical umbrella after their adjustments.  (Seriously...they have a slushy machine in the back!)  And a couple of times they even sent another slushy out for her little brother when they gave one to my daughter as she was leaving.  How sweet is that? Dr. Day is very nice and the technicians we're "cool", as my teenage daughter calls them.  They do a GREAT job there.  They always listened to her feedback on how her teeth were feeling and they let her pick the color of her rubber adjustment bands, so she she could coordinate them with her outfit: pink and black, green and purple, orange and blue; you get the idea...   The technicians were also very cool when it came to fixing broken brackets and not charging us for it, which was very helpful since I think my daughter probably broke a dozen over the course of her treatment.And as if all of this wasn't enough, a few weeks ago on the day that my daughter came for her very last appointment they gave her a farewell gift that included a bottle of sparkling apple cider, balloons, and a bag of goodies.  She felt so special.  :)  Dr. Day is running a great place here, with outstanding customer service and solid, respectable business practices.  I would suggest them to ANYONE needing braces and when I need braces for my 5 year old son, I'll definitely be back!  :)
5	By far the best experience I've had with an orthodontist. My daughter started with Dr. Day last year and now I took the plunge and started this week (Invisalign).  He is the sweetest doctor I've ever met, always listens to us and actually feels like he cares, yet very professional.  The staff is friendly and they are always smiling, unlike the experience I had with our last orthodontist (fake/stuffy).  My kids love the smoothies at every visit, and I just love that I found him and his team.  I highly recommend them.
1	Dr. Day convinced me to extract 4 perfectly healthy bicuspids in order alleviate crowding. Almost immediately, I began to notice significant facial changes. My face thinned out tremendously. My cheekbones became sallow, my lips thinned and my facial skin began to sag. I was only 28 years old at the time. My family and friends all noticed as well.  This was the biggest mistake of my life. I should have done my research! There is extensive research available about the adverse effects of tooth extraction on facial aesthetics.   This is basically an irreversible decision, and it would have been nice to have some sort of warning about the possibility of facial changes. As well, alternatives to bicuspid removal should have been presented to me.   Extraction for orthodontic treatment is a very 'old fashion' practice and I am thoroughly disappointed in the outcome. I am now spending countless hours researching ways to reverse the effects of Dr. Day's laziness.   Please do your research and find another orthodontist who is willing to put in the work for a better outcome. You will be glad you did.
5	This is a great orthodontic office. Love Dr. Day and his entire team--helpful, friendly, and always smiling. He has completed braces for my two sons and my wife. Beautiful smiles for all of us. Next, is my turn. Dr. Day is kind, smart, and he will go out his way to explain treatment to you. He always gives me time for question I might have. I have referred all of my friends and family to Oasis Orthodontics. You'll love it here.
5	Oasis orthodontics is amazing!!! From the minute you walk in everyone is so helpful!! Carol the office coordinator is awesome!! She is truly a gem!! Dr Day handled our very difficult orthodontic situation with our daughter so amazingly!! We are for once encouraged with an orthodontist!! This practice was a God send!!! Thank you! Thank you!!
