4	By far one of the better places for your money, to learn to dance and practice. They have something every night. There has been some upgrades to the floors and one dance room since the new management took over. The West coast swing(Robert), Salsa social (sunday, Shawn) and the Friday (Lonnie's class) are the most popular with the dance floor filling up rapidly with a wide range of and expertise of dancers. Personally I'm not a big fan of Lonnie's as his instructions are geared towards his ASU students and more towards the womens steps. (Hey! the guys are petrified when they are tasked with remembering their steps with the beats applying proper pressure for a good lead and remembering the next 2 steps so that things flow smoothly... so try spending time and effort telling us exactly what how I should be leading, instead of trying to impress the girls. For the people who disagree, try leading and I will gladly switch to a follow). But I still get to take your class right Lonnie! (sheepish)......Watching some of the expert dancers do their "thang" can be a bit intimidating but most of the people are nice and will dance with you( and provide tips). Of the bunch of people who will not because U might be a noob (you jerks know who you are!), I say move on (after showing them a few choice gestures).If you see a hippo gesturing oddly at girls, come on over and ask for a dance, you know I'm a noob too ;)
5	Bring your student ID for discounts.Instead of paying 92 bucks at Fred Astaire, this is a cheap alternate cheap option.Of course its not as technical and personal as Fred Astaire, but I'm saying $ value-wise.There are beginner group lessons (I think it was every Friday 7 PM its been a while...),followed by intermediate group lessons.I think I paid around 10 bucks or below.Then the floor is open for all sorts of dances.Great way to have fun, practice, and learn new stuff.There are refreshments too, which is awesome : )
1	I went to the Sunday night Salsa lessons at Paragon. There were about 200 people for the salsa group lessons. It was a noisy zoo. Men far outnumbered women, but during the course of the lesson it almost evened out. Lot's of partner switching -- in fact switching is almost all we did. That has it's advantages if your main goal is to hold hands with lots of partners. I have certainly heard a lot of hype about Paragon but the studio left me kind of cold. I don't see how anybody could learn to dance there. The quality of instruction isn't close to other local studios I have been to. Of course maybe the instruction was better than I knew since it was almost impossible to see or hear the instructor and individual attention is out of the question. I gave them another try on a Thursday for a West Coast Swing lesson. The quality of instruction wasn't good, and we had distractions because other group lessons and privates were given in the same ballroom. They have other small ballrooms so there was little excuse to cram everybody into the main ballroom. I watched a private lesson and wasn't impressed by what I saw. Paragon is probably popular because of the dances after the lessons but the music wasn't for beginners. So, if you want to learn dancing go somewhere else, for meat markets do Paragon. Their prices and quality will appeal to anyone who thinks McDonald's is a great deal.
4	Very nice floor and great local dance crowd.  Their are many regulars and dance instruction times.  By far the most organized and experienced ballroom dance crowd I have seen.
5	I have taken several group lessons on Tuesday evenings for West Coast Swing. Instructor Robert Campos is one of the best WCS instructors in the valley. His instruction is clear and he demonstrates great ability at handling large crowds. His classes are very popular so expect large crowds. Getting personal attention can be problematic but fortunately Robert has an assistant to help people. Partners are rotated often so expect to meet lots of other people who love to dance. There is a meat market aspect to these large group classes but I always enjoy the opportunities to meet beautiful ladies. After rotating to dozens of partners it's easy to break the ice to get them onto the dance floor.After most of the group lessons Paragon keeps the floor open for several hours. The music and dancing is always good. I like the dance afterwards to practice what I learned in the group lesson.  Friday night is the best ballroom party in the valley. They start by giving a group lesson in a different ballroom style every week. The lessons are excellent quality. Once the lessons are over the large floor is devoted to ballroom and the smaller one to West Coast Swing. Snacks are served and dances last until midnight. The East Valley is very lucky to have a studio like Paragon. Sometimes I feel I spend more time there than I do at home!
5	I came here for the first time and didn't know what to expect. It turned out to be a lot of fun! First, (we went on a Friday) it's $7 cash at the door to get in. At 7:30 the dance lesson began....or was supposed to (it started more around 7:45) The lesson of the night was West Coast swing. Apparently they teach different genres of dance every week, you need to check their website to see what they are offering for that week. They split off the beginners from the intermediate/advance dancers. Us beginners were put in a smaller dance room studio (to my releif, as I have never danced West Coast Swing, and was nervous to be in front of advanced students...)After an hour of class (which goes by very fast!) they have an open dance floor until midnight. Most of the people there are people who simply love dance. They switch up the music to a different genre for every song, i.e. waltz, foxtrot, salsa, rumba, swing...etc. Even if you are not a great dancer, or only know one genre of dance, it's certainly fun to watch everyone! There are some really good pros and amateurs, no one really cares what you look like out there, everyone is just there to dance! (There were people there of many age groups as well....from early 20's to 60's or 70's!)I love that you can just drop in for a class. No sign up or commitment necessary! I'm looking forward to dropping in again soon!
4	I went there Friday for their free tango class. It was quite full before we even started and got quite crowded by the end. We changed partners every minute or so which I think is good, you get to meet plenty of people and not stuck with someone. Some  couples didn't want to switch, no big deal. Only one woman wasn't very nice, if she is so good, why is she there on a beginners night? My friend said some of the men were a little rude with her, she also was a beginner and they were or thought (LOL) that they were more advanced and weren't pleased about her dancing...whatever.Over all. I intend to go back.
4	I recently started taking west coast swing dancing classes at Paragon. Robert, the instructor, is awesome and super patient, even with beginner dancers. It's only $7 for 60-90 mins of lessons. Great place to start getting into dancing!
3	Not a bad place to brush up on skills or just go to practice. They need to organize their classes better with the rotations. Keep couples in the center and all guests in a circle. Instructors also need to ensure lessons are taught at the appropriate level. Do not overwhelm your new guests. Better than Fat Cat, but nowhere near the level of Fred Astaire.
4	If you're looking for something fun and out of the norm to do on a Friday night or perhaps like me, hoping to one day join the cast of DWTS, this is the place to go. For only $7 you get to learn a new dance, snack on a few hor dourves, and mingle with the pros til the midnight hour. You don't need to have a partner to participate and the dances being taught vary from week to week, so there's always room to learn something new (just check the calendar online). The first hour is devoted to step by step instruction for beginners, then intermediate, followed by a free for all boogie for the remainder of the night. I've gone several times now and the room is always full of pretty much every type of person and skill level you could think of (believe you me, that is not an exaggeration) There really is a spot for any and every one here including you, so do yourself a favor and give it a go!
3	All About Fun And Footcare!Upon deciding to do something different a month ago, I proudly went there alone on a whim after a mani/pedi on a Friday. I neither knew what to expect nor know what the West Coast Swing was, and didn't care. After a briefing on what the dance pattens would look like, I took to it like a cat to a scratching post and was swinging in no time. I forgot the guy's name who walked me through it, but he was very personable and patient.  I like the way he held my hand. Simple, non-pretentious, made me very comfortable --he was a gentleman. : ).  I had a really good time dancing and conversing with others there. I left heavily perspired, but also refreshed, too...and slept like brick!I woke up the next morning doing the 'east valley shuffle' out of bed, immediately went to urgent care and was diagnosed with plantar fascitis :( .  I didn't realize why that heel was a 'thorn in my side' for a month prior to the event; thought it would just go away on its own (bummer).Pros: convenient location, ample parking (get there early), pleasant staff, friendly atmosphere and people, you can dance there pretty much all night long.Con: try not to do any dances if you have either sciatica or that plantar thingy I got, take care of the weird aches and pains with a doc or chiro first before 'cuttin' the rug' or you'll only exacerbate it and be shufflin' along like me.As soon as my issue passes you may see me there, but it'll be awhile.
