3	I am disappointed Barros does not have a direct contact link on their website. Last night I ordered pizza for takeout  from this new location. Unfortunately, I ordered a well-done pie, and the crust was soft and limp. This new staff needs to learn how to do it right, because everything else was good.
4	Finally a solid option in my neck of the woods. I've never been to a Barro's Pizza until a few weeks ago when they opened up one a couple of miles from my house.They have a spacious dining room with a self serve soda machine, including Diet Dr. Pepper, and one flat screen TV in one corner of the room. They might want to consider getting another TV. You order at the cashier and they bring your food to you. My wife and I go here when we don't feel like cooking.Major kudos to Barro's Pizza for not price gouging on pasta like a lot of places. Seriously, I've been to casual restaurants that want to charge $10-$12 dollars for penne with meatballs. At Barro's, you can get a small plate for less than $4 dollars. And that's plenty to fill an adult up at lunch. I tried their Calzone for $8.95. It was okay, nothing to write home about. It included a couple of toppings. They certainly don't make the world's greatest pizza but it's decent and very economically priced. My wife loves the garlic bread, but it's a bit too garlicky for my taste. Note to management, start serving artichokes for pizza and don't chop those onions so small.Most of the time my wife and I spend about $7-$12 dollars to eat here unless we order a pizza. They have sandwiches which I haven't tried yet. I am eating my way thru their entire menu so I'll eventually try all their offerings.
3	Barros is the new kid on the block. Clearly there's no shortage of pizza places in our area, including one just 100 feet across the parking lot. LOL  But we came away last night wondering how the old Redendo/NY 51 would fair in this location.The setup for Barros is a large expansive warehouse type space, where you order at a cashier as you come in. Just next to the cashier is a small iceberg lettuce salad bar, where you can make your own. After paying, they hand you a drink cup, salad bowls, and number for your table. Off to side there's a 50" flat screen and several booths along the wall with maybe a dozen or so tables for seating. We ordered two salads for $3.49 each, along with two drinks ($1.50) and a large 14" pizza (half cheese and half sausage/pepperoni) for a great price of $11.01. Hands down, probably the best price for a pie west of the parking lot and Rustic.We had high hopes for Barros Pizza, but.... our pie came covered in oil, see photo. It took nearly three napkins to get it all. At home, I'll drizzle a little on top for flavor, but here they went all out. As I mentioned earlier, there's a lot of choices for your pizza dollars nearby. Spinato's further down FLW; Corleone's, Ray's, NYPD or Fired Pie on Northsight, even Rustic across the parking; all make better, yet very different pies.Btw, what's with all the servers coming over one by one and asking "how was our meal?" It's a nice touch, but somewhat over the top and disingenuous after the seventh one. I believe the only one who missed us was the guy making the pies. LOLThere's a great deal of potential here. Our bill came in at $21.49 before taxes. We came away feeling that Barros was a decent sit down place for an inexpensive meal, but left wanting more. So two and a half Stars, rounded up to three.
4	I want to give this location three stars, but I'm trying to be nice in hopes they improve upon being the Barros I know and love. I've loved Barros since they put a location in at the Pavilions in Scottsdale. That location has always been amazing and very well priced. Now that they put one in my neck of the woods, I was very excited to try this new location and also introduce my boyfriend to Barros. I have to say I was a bit disappointed.The only thing we ordered was a 12" pizza. yup, a small one for us to split. Pizza's don't take that long to cook to begin with.  Finally after 30 minutes of waiting (yes, I timed it), I go up to talk to someone and the girl sweeping helps me out. mind you, it's not busy at all. There's maybe five tables occupied if you count ours, too. She goes to check on it and brings out the pizza. Tells us that they're sorry, they messed up on the first pizza (which could be avoided by following orders) so they had to make another one. Good customer service would mean coming to tell us 15 minutes prior that they made a mistake and it's going to be a little bit for them to remake a pizza. We would have been totally fine if someone would have said something. Here we are thinking they just forgot about us. The pizza itself was completely unlike the one at the other Scottsdale location. When I think of Barros, I think of crust and how they have the best crust. Very bummed that it wasn't it's usual fluffy cust, but flat and barely anything there. Funny thing, as we finished our pizza, the people that had been sitting next to us for quite a while had an employee ask them if they got their pizza yet and they said, "no".The pros of this visit are that they have oregano you can use yourself, self-serve fountain drinks and  They did let us keep the pizza they messed up on. At least my boyfriend said he enjoyed it!
1	I have been a regular customer at Barro's for almost 25 years and I am sorry to say the new Scottsdale location on Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd. gets a one star from us. On our 2nd. visit ( Our mistake) we again were very disappointed to say the least. We ordered a thin crust pizza and a dozen wings. The crust on the pizza was soggy at best and the celery  that came with the wings looked like a truck had run it over which was also how it was on our first visit. How can you screw up celery?We will revert back to the Pavillions  location where there never seems to be a problem. I doubt the F.L.R. location will be around long as again like our first visit we were the only two in the place at 6:30 PM. I guess that should have been a warning to us.
1	Ordered 5 pizzas and an order of 24 wings for delivery for a party. We were told it would be 40-45 minutes. Well...an hour and fifteen minutes later my wife called and was told that they had gotten busy unexpectedly and that they were working on it. On the second call they assured us that it was on its way.   About an hour and forty minutes after we ordered  lukewarm pizzas and ice cold wings finally arrived - yes, not just room temperature wings that had been sitting too long but wings that were so cold that they had to still be refrigerated.  The wings were fully cooked, just ice cold. So, do they serve frozen fully cooked wings instead of making them fresh? That would certainly appear to be the case based on what was delivered to us. When my wife called a third time to tell them that the wings were still ice cold they offered a store credit for the price if the wings.  Like we are going to go back there again after this experience.  If I want frozen wings I can buy them from the freezer section and cook them myself. This was probably the most incompetent pizza order I have experienced.To be fair, my wife and son had eaten there in-store once previously and their experience wasn't as lousy as this one. But to have a house full of people waiting for dinner to arrive tonight - and then for the pizza to be lukewarm and the wings to be ice cold - wasn't fun.
4	My family is a fan of Barro's so we were happy to hear that this location delivered to our houses. Got the pizza last night. Delivery took around an hour. The pizza came hot. It was in good shape, not too greasy, well cooked. Yum!
4	I was visiting some family in Scottsdale and we stopped in here for lunch...gotta say - solid pizza! Got the thin crust with salami and mushrooms. Great price and the crust was nice and crunchy fresh out of the oven. Good tasting sauce and the sauce to cheese ratio was spot on for me. Beer selection is a little lacking if you're into craft beer, but hopefully they'll bring in some local stuff on tap. Definitely worth checking out!
5	So happy they opened a new Barros across the street from my place. My kids love the food. They have good daily lunch specials. Any time the order has been wrong, which is very few and far between, they have always been really cool about it.  But again, few and far between. Maybe 2 times since 2004
5	Every time I go to Barros I am happy! I always get their pizza and wings special. Food is amazing and service is great.
4	So glad Barros is around the corner from me. Just a suggestion from your other restaurants they allow you to put on the sausage toppings used in the the subs.Pizza with that Italian  sausage topping with onion and green peppers all so good  I'm going to give 4 stars for now it goes up or down pending the request
5	They came through with my request glad to have Barros in the neighborhood great staff
1	This location is absolutely ridiculous. I went with a friend to eat here when it first opened. Mind you it was her first time having barros and I told her how good they are, after all it's my favorite pizza. Well it was disgusting and under cooked. Strike one. Then my girlfriend and I came to dine in. After roughly 30 minutes I went up and asked where our pizza was. They couldn't find it. Turns out it went out on a delivery run and thank god I said something or we wouldn't have ever gotten a pizza. Tonight is STRIKE THREE. I called in an order for 2 large pizzas for my girlfriend to pick up on her way home from work and gave them her name as she was the one picking up. So she arrives to pick them up and they claim there's no pizzas ordered for us. Turns out someone with my same name ordered as well and came in for a pick up and they gave him our pizzas. Now she has to wait there while they remake our pizza. Way to go Barro's! You're new location needs a serious management change and some competent employees.
1	Just ordered this and the delivery person dropped the ball!  All of the pizza was smushed and cheese was all over the top of the box! This is not ok!  A few months ago I ordered some delivery and I asked for some wings bone in and they gave me boneless.  I may not be going back here.  The pizza is great though, that is if the cheese doesn't all get stuck to the box!
3	Love the Barro's Pizza but really for some reason the one at Pavillion's seems more generous on the toppings and more seasoning in Sauce.  We live closer to the New one, but sometimes go to the Pavillion's and so we get a Pizza to go . . .Tell the owners to work out the differences as we really like the CRUST, but love the flavor & like to be able to count on same thing at ALL locations.
3	Food isGood but for delivery or even pick up that always get my order wrong frustrated !!
2	Sorry  Barro's, the tomato in our antipasto salad still had a label on it, good thing I looked before I ate! Do you wash your raw salad fixins before you use them? Pizza was cold to the point where cheese was set. I live less than half a mile from you, step up your plates if you want to stay in business.
5	Fastest delivery ever. My pizza is always perfect and I'm always satisfied with their service.
