2	We stayed here for three nights while in town for a wedding.  The room itself was nice, clean and comfortable.  The price was acceptable, they only serviced the room one of the two days we were there, so no coffee the last morning which was disappointing.  They also informed us of a $50 deposit at the time of check in that had not been previously disclosed.  This was not a huge deal but when planning, disclosure is important for budgetary purposes.I had a massage and the therapist was very good, the price was reasonable although the music selection was far from relaxing.The location was convenient to the wedding venue but I would not stay here again.
3	The room was very clean and the staff was very nice. Went to the restaurant because we were told we got a discount for staying at the hotel. The food was ok but very overpriced.
1	Nice place, but everyone there was extraordinarily rude. The patrons and the staff treated us like second class citizens simply because we are in the 20-30 age bracket. Ageist people are horrible to see, let alone interact with.Aside from that, the room was nice. This place is significantly out of the way, so if you were planning on doing anything within Phoenix, stay somewhere else.EDIT: We discovered a few days after staying here that they charged us for an additional night that we were not there. Upon contacting the company, it sounds like they do this to customers a lot. As a result, I have downgraded my rating.
1	This was the worst place I have ever stayed. I felt like I was in a motel six. A bug in my bed , couch was mixed match cushion, not very clean.  Gross
4	Front desk is very friendly. We had complimentary wifi for being a westgate owner but the downfall is only being able to connect to one device at a time. The units had two large jetted garden tub but you can only fill it 1/4 of the way before the hot water is completely gone. I was told it's because they use a 25 gallon water heater for the two units which is crazy! Very grateful to have a washer and dryer unit although it's very small in capacity so one load = half a load. Kitchen was completely stocked!
5	This is our second stay at Westgate Painted Mountain Resort and we found it to be as pleasant as our first stay. The units are self sufficient and supplied with fresh towels by smiling housekeepers. The beds are always made, except for one day - but it would have been difficult for them to make it with my husband napping on it.  The units are always clean.  The kitchen area in the bigger unit is stocked with pots and pans and dishes and cutlery as well as cooking utensils. However, if you burn anything, you may want to purchase Comet or Ajax and a scrubbing pad as their sponge is insufficient to cleaning burnt offerings. We used the pool daily and it was always clean. We surprised the pool crew cleaning it early one morning. The employees are always pleasant and pay attention to you when you talk. Excellent customer service!
2	The room is dirty. Smells bad. Carpet is stained and gross. There is a termite tube hanging out of the ceiling over the shower. It's really gross. I give it two stars only  because the grounds seem well kept.   I've only been here a few hours and I'm so grossed out that I don't want to go to bed. I'll post an update if I have any more to say. I wish I could post a picture of this termite thing hanging out of the ceiling. Wow. Never seen anything that bad at any hotel I've ever stayed in. And I paid good money for this place. It's disgusting. Also, the walls are very thin.    I can hear the person next door coughing and coughing and coughing. It sounds like has pneumonia or something. It's a really gross sounding cough and i saw him through his window laying in bed like this is a hospital or something. He's just laying there half naked with the curtains wide open. He must be a long term resident or something because he looked pretty at home in there.    This place is just gross.
