3	I went in here for a practical treatment- the leg wax, and left wishing I'd have gone for the more luxurious sounding pomegranate revitalising facial. Unfortunately as a recent graduate it was a little out of my price range and too frivolous for someone on a budget. For me however, a leg wax prior to holiday time is a must.Given the unpleasantness of the treatment it was (almost) a pleasant experience. In a calm, clean, quiet salon I was lead to a warmly lit waiting room and offered a drink. The well groomed receptionist and beauticians weren't as aloof as those in other salon despite and my waxer chatted to me all the way through as though we were old friends. The treatment itself was fantastic as the woman explained they use hot wax that they rip off rather than using cloth strips. This makes for a cleaner, easier and (marginally) less painful wax that lasted longer than others I have had. This is a more expensive place than I would usually go but worth it as it was a top quality job. They do give a student discount but I would say this is a place for the people of Edinburgh who have more disposable income than the average student. My plan is to ask for Zen gift vouchers at Christmas and head back for the pomegranate facial!
5	I visit Zen In Bruntsfield all the time in my mind you couldn't get any better! When i moved to Edinburgh i was in need of a beauticians initially for my eyebrows to be done and theres quite a few salons in Bruntsfield/Morningside but Zen stood out because of there tasteful appearance and professional reception service. I first booked in for HD Brows which by the way is so worth it. But now i regularly have a sports massage , myriad facial and my hd eyebrows done. It is a bit more expensive than what i usually pay but the service of the receptionist, the beauticians doing the treatment are of such high standard. I now use their products on my face and it is a big difference on my skin.They do block bookings which can save you a bit of money in the long run, student discount and vouchers to purchase.I would definetly recommend this salon if your looking for a real pampering session, they also have branches over in Hanover street and Teviot Place.
4	I didn't realise how much I liked this salon until a recent experience where I was blown away by their customer service. I've gone to Zen on and off for the past several months to get waxes (of the more unpleasant variety) done for two main reasons: it's close by and they use 'hot wax' which works really well and hurts less. The staff are really friendly and the rooms and method of treatment is top class. It's also a bit pricey, which often made me waiver over whether I should look for somewhere else more affordable. A couple weeks ago I happened to be booked for an appointment just after there was a huge power outage in Bruntsfield (everyone blamed the trams, of course) and unfortunately waxing is a dangerous business when done by candlelight. Instead of turning me away or making me wait, the manager immediately called the other Zen salons and found an appointment for me at the Hanover St location. They paid for a taxi to take me there, made sure I was taken care of with an offer of refreshments on arrival and gave me a 25% discount on my treatment for 'the inconvenience'. I felt like a way more important customer than I actually am, showing that they put customer experience first and foremost. While I may not go here and get every treatment (though I would if I had endless income to spend!), I'll definitely continue to give them my business for the quality of service they've demonstrated.
4	Everyone so often I think "wow I am hairy, I need a wax". I don't think this that often seeing as I am blonde, but it does occur from time to time.This branch of Zen lifestyle is just around the corner from me. I have often walked past and thought about going in, but the price list kind of scared me away. As a student equipped with a snapfax, I found out that I would get 40% off my first visit and 20% off all subsequent visits. This made it way more affordable, and I was able to get my hot wax.It was as "pleasant" as a wax treatment can be. The lady doing it was very friendly and calming. I was offered a drink before my treatment. It didn't hurt as much as it could have. Should I need a wax again in the next year, I will be back. The other treatments look lovely but way beyond my budget.
