5	This is by far the best investment I've ever made! Dr. Abrams was awesome! He gave me all the details for the surgery and told me what to expect. The lasik procedure went really well. Dr. Abrams even saw me every 2 weeks for 6 months to make sure my eyes were ok and doing what they were suppose to. THANKS DR. ABRAMS!
5	Dr. Abrams has been a blessing to my daughter. Not very many children need cornea specialists and my daughter has been going to him for the past 3 years.  He is amazing and an excellent doctor who truly cares about my daughter.  My daughter as previously seen by a specialist at UCLA who essential told us that once the first cornea transplant rejected it was hopeless and he would not waste another corena in her.  Dr. Abrams was completely opposte and would not say putting a new cornea in a 5 year old was a waste depsite the risks of rejection in children.
5	One of the rare "good doctors" in Las Vegas!
5	They are so nice. What a great doctor!!
5	Dr. Abrams and his entire staff were amazing. I was really scared to get Lasik and they made me very comfortable. My eyes are perfect and I do not have any side effects. I could not be happier with Abrams Eye Institute. They do Living Social deals sometimes for the Lasik. It is a great deal and I highly recommend buying it.
3	This year I wanted to take advantage of using the FSA my job offered.  I've been wanting to get LASIK for many years now (I got PRK instead). I finally decided to make the leap this year.   I found Dr. Abrams' office through my insurance.  My insurance does not cover this type of surgery, but through insurance,  I got an additional discount to pair up with my FSA. Now going into any surgery, you should very much so do a lot of research as to what you are getting yourself into.  Which is what I did.  So I went in knowing what to expect  on the differences between what surgeries are offered. Go in smart and expect the car salesman pitcht too (don't worry, not from the doctor).This is a busy office and most patients in the office look like they are getting cataract surgery.  Let me share my experience and things that would hopefully organize this office for future patients.  I will say that the process going in was confusing for me.  My hopes for this office is to set up a better way to inform/educate your possibly new patients and make sure your office is on the same page.  Sometimes they asked for money before I received services, sometimes they asked for co-pay,  I was so lost and felt like I was being taken advantage of because I had no idea what I was expecting for that visit.   Patients make sure to raise questions.SOooo.   A smoother process for me, going in would have been: Office questions /****Patient preparedness1.  If new patient, schedule to see if you are a candidate.  ***It would be nice to let me know if there is a cost involved.  I did 2 preliminary visits.  First one was free, but this should be the time to give me pamphlets and educate me what will happen in future visits.  If you wear contact, its best to be out of your contacts for at least 2 weeks to get the best read if you are a candidate.   ***Let patient know there will be a $150 fee for the assessment.  If you are a candidate and you opt for surgery, it will go towards your total.  Otherwise, its their $150.  2.  Arrival for testing.  Get tests done. Meet with the doctor so he can confirm if you are a candidate.  Then the doctor should go over what surgeries he can perform, what he would recommend, what pros and cons are of each, and  then at that time should also ask about daily activities/diet/etc so there can be a determination as to what surgery is best.  This first meeting with the doctor should be the breaking ice period.  Meaning as this is the doc/patient at ease mode.  ***This part got skipped on me, but was the reason why I took an extra week to research things more.  I did meet with the doc, but luckily my fiance was there to raise questions he had on his mind.  Which after saying I do contact sports, that the best option for me was PRK.  I knew that was the best option for me, but they were selling me on the Keratome procedure because of the faster recovery time.  That procedure freaked out my finace  This was also the time the doc told me about Custom PRK/Lasik.  Remember patients, use this as your Q&A time.  Ask about possible complications, recover times, statistics, anything!  After speaking with the doctor was when I met with the consultant about the costs because I told the doctor I didn't know how much this would cost me to begin with.  ***This should of at least been covered in my first preliminary visit (I had 2 preliminary visits).  They gave me the costs and I felt my money fall out my pockets. It is very costly.  So,  I had to sleep on it because it was a whole lot more than I was expecting and waiting it out as I have wouldn't make that much of a difference for me.  I was just trying to rush surgery because boxing blind or with glasses sucks & wearing contacts/glasses gets really inconvenient!  But really, I've been wanting this for the past 7 years now so I was a bit bummed.  I'm trying to prep for a wedding this year and every penny counts at the moment.Anyhow, with me passing up that day to do surgery,  they at least followed up with me the next week.  After discussing things I then called a few days later to go ahead an schedule my procedure.  Scheduling was  a bit off because again, there seemed to of been a communication breakdown between staff and the doctor, then staff and scheduler.  I won't go into details that much, but after a few visits I was sort of prepared after being confused from day one.  Surgery went well. Its been a week so far, but I can already tell the difference.  Doc said it may take a few weeks for me to really see finer results with PRK.   I will say that Dr. Abrams took good care of me, and still is.  Its 3 stars for the overall experience of the office, not Dr. Abrams or my surgery.
3	UPDATE 3/4/14   Well, my eyes have not been treated and, I feel they are about the same as when I walked in here upon the advice of my internal medicine doctor. I am glad that they were able to diagnose a new problem that I had not the faintest idea.  That is another pro for this place. I do wish they could do more for me, but they say it is not possible. So, for now, take my review for what its worth. If I should go to Miami and find out the diagnosis was wrong here, then I certainly will put that in here. However, for now, that has not happened and you will need to make your own judgements.  I did lose $107.00 plus time and transportation using their prescription  for new lenses and finding out the prescription was wildly off. I had to go back and put my old lenses in my glasses in order to see at all.  BELOW IS MY ORIGINAL REVIEW. THE STAR RATING IS THE SAME.I'm still out on the rating of this place. I've had extensive testing and a referral to a specialist, but not any resolution after six months. They use an array of machines to check your eyes and guide you from station to station which is efficient. There always have been many patients there, but the exams go quickly. All the staff are friendly and helpful. What I did not like was the short times the doctor spent looking at the test results. Maybe I'm wrong, but  five minutes when sight is being lost seems a short time. Anyway, I have another appointment coming up and will update this review. No matter what, however, I will go to a top hospital in eye care for a second opinion before anyone in Las Vegas takes a knife to my eyes. In fact, nobody will touch them here in a city that cannot even support a decent medical school.
