4	So you get off the metro at Atwater heading to Alexis Nihon or Dawson College. You see a teeny room-sized place selling sushi and you think - This can't be good. Oh how wrong you are!This thimble of a sushi place has some of the freshest sushi I've had. I picked some up because I'd forgotten to get some at Sushi Shop in Alexis Nihon. Guess what? I'm never going back to that particular Sushi Shop with this so close by and inexpensive and delicious and different and so fresh! And I've been back several times.The rice is light, the flavours pop and they have points card for a free item after 10 purchases.Granted this is NOT a fancy sushi restaurant by any means BUT it is fresh, the staff is amazingly friendly, courteous and helpful and it's so practical to have a quick platter of sushi to grab on your way home or heading off to the movies at AMC.
4	I'm often in the Atwater Metro Station as I work in an office tower connected to the station. When Metro Sushi first opened I thought to myself 'who'd want to eat sushi in the metro?' After passing by a few times I decided to take a look at what they had to offer and found that it actually looked pretty good. So I decided to give it a try. You should not judge Sushi by its location! Just like Green Eggs and Ham can be tasty in a box with a fox Sushi in the subway can be scrumptious too. I've now eaten here a number of times and the sushi is consistently tasty, fresh and very reasonably priced. I would not necessarily compare this to some of the  finer sushi restaurants in town but relative to your typical take out place Metro Sushi is great. If you're thinking of picking something up from Sushi Shop you're much better off here at metro sushi.
4	I've passed this place a million times. I live a block and a half away and take the metro to and from work everyday. I always misjudged this place due to its location, but on a whim and a craving picked up some last night and it blew my mind. The selection is fantastic, fresh and inventive.  Not to mention the great price! Do yourself a favor and give a try youll do a double take when u get home or wherever ur headed!
4	The sketchiest location but amazing sushi especially for the price and convenience for Dawson students. The salmon handroll is to die for and the other sushi is great too. No frills, just plain, great, reasonably priced sushi!
1	Wow. I don't understand how people are reviewing this place so highly! Their tempura tastes like rice crispies--it's terrible and stale. The rice is also not the best, as I find there's too much vinegar, and they let it get too cold. I know for a fact they use "B grade" fish; I work at a sushi place, and I have to disagree with this place getting good reviews.
4	Like others have said, when you hear "metro" and "sushi" together, it sounds pretty sketch. But don't let that fool you, I've never had bad sushi from this place. On the contrary, it's pretty darn good. I know some sushi snobs who would disagree, but hey, that's them. It's pretty cheap compared to other places, like sushi shop, and the people who work there have never been rude.
4	When you are in a rush to catch a Metro (subway), you aren't always that picky about what to eat. In the case of Metro Sushi you are in luck, it's quick, fresh and tasty. The sushi can (usually) be seen in the making. Their small open kitchen is behind the counter, literally just behind it. The place is about the size of a 10' x 10' tent. The owner is typically on site standing at, or near, the cash register and overseeing that the pre-prepared sushi, (mixed trays and by-the-piece) are up to standard. I have not yet tried all the varieties of Maki rolls or Sushi pieces. The ones I have tried have been quite pleasant, especially for the about right prices (in the take out non-sit down, non-table service category). I have to indulge in more of their offerings to really determine any true yum/pow factor.I am also a big fan of their pickled cucumber and carrot platter for about $3 (be careful since it does leak a bit of marinade juice when tipped or can splash when opened. They have a nice selection of Asian canned and bottled beverages. I have gotten a few coconut waters on humid days to replenish fluids. Once in a while I'll even treat myself to a little sweet or jelly dessert. I have noticed the sign for bubble tea, which note-to-self, needs to be tried. I'm starting to crave some sushi, so I better wrap up this review in a seaweed salad - pun obviously intended. When you normally see a rice cooker full and at the ready, that's another good sign. I can't wait to try more of their morsels or plump looking rice paper wrapped sandwiches...
