1	I went to this gym twice and both times it smelled?  i could not stand breathing in this gym?  I went here with a coworker since it was close to our work, but ended up working out at the Surprise location due to the smell of the place.  Hopefully it has changed, but that factor would make me not want to go to the gym.
5	The absolute best gym to go to in the area. Being a member for the past 6 years has been nothing but a great experience. Nicest people, friendly staff, and everything you could possibly need in a gym. Great equipment, ranging from everything you need as a first time lifter, advanced bodybuilder, MMA, or just keeping your overall wellness. No fluff and what not, you aren't going to be paying an extra 10-20 dollars on your membership for the smoothie bar you don't use and a steam room... I mean come on stand outside for 20 minutes. Open 24 hours throughout the week and 10 on the weekend, you can always get in and lift. Always have guest passes available as well, have nothing negative to say about this gym! When I move ill be more upset about leaving this gym than leaving the town lol
1	You get what you pay for. It's cheap at 15 bucks a month, but the staff is very rude. They turned the lights off on me at 8:55 on a Friday night because they were closing at 9. They didn't even have the candor to let me know they were closing.  I had a 19 year old kid try to sell me ridiculously expensive training sessions. I will mostly likely be going to a different gym because it's always crowded, and they aren't really 24/7 as their sign suggests.
4	I've been coming to this gym for just over a month or so. The gym itself is fairly maintained and clean. The locker room/restroom could use some work. They have a wide selection of free weights and machines and there is a various age range of the clients who work out here. The one bad thing is the staff, excluding the trainers. I'm sure no one has ever been taught what customer service actually is about. My wife had a mishap with trying to cancel her membership and training sessions. We continued to get the run around by several of the employees who kept saying that the manager would give us a call. After a couple of months of going through this hassle, while still being charged, we went into the business and spoke to Roger. Although they were not able to give us our money back, they gave me a free 3 month membership along with 30 training sessions with a personal trainer, and they actually closed her membership. I would say they did their best to make the situation better. This might sound stupid or dumb but I'm actually thinking about opening a membership here just because the layout and equipment is the right fit for me. If you chose to open a membership just make sure when you want to cancel it you do it in writing! I hope this review helps... By the way if you are looking for personal training, Dylon, one of the trainers here, will get you the results you are looking for.
