5	We were in need of a pool fence for our new home and I interviewed several places. After the interviews, we were down to two choices and ended up picking US Pool Fence because they offer a fence that is zinc galvanized and warrantied against rust for 50 years. This fence only cost about $500 more than the standard fence, but seemed a sound investment given that they told us we wouldn't even need cosmetic repainting for a good 10 years. From what we learned about pool fences (especially ones that are near grass and see high humidity), we could expect rust after 5 years, so this seemed to be a good choice for us.I was very impressed with the salesman and with US Pool Fence's service. The salesman came out and gave me a very accurate estimate of how much fence we would need, priced out 3 options and presented colors. The only thing I wasn't thrilled with is that there were only two light colored options: white and a beige called Hedgehog. We chose Hedgehog because I though white would look too bright in our small backyard.Turned out it was a good choice and I love how it looks. The salesman kept in contact with me so I would know when our new fence would be installed, and they showed up early the day of the appointment. The installer faced some issues due to our backyard not being level in several areas, but he overcame them and installed the fence within a reasonable period of time. It's too early to say if the fence will last as long as they guarantee, but it looks great and I love the magnetic latch and the security of having a fence to keep my toddler out of the pool area.
1	We purchased a pool fence from this company 3.5 years ago. Up until this month, the fence looked great. My kids are finally old enough to start enjoying the pool, so I figured I'd invest some time cleaning the yard and planting some flower pots. When I swept the cool deck, the broom brushed against the fence and a large chunk of the light colored paint fell right off. Prior to this, there was no visible evidence of rust along the actual fence. The only area where I've seen rust was on a separate gate, and it was only barely visible around a welded joint. Just a year ago, I called our salesperson to come back to give us a quote on possibly reconfiguring the fence....and he certainly made no mention of seeing any rust as walked the fence and discussed our options. When I called to ask what they could do, a very nice and friendly woman informed me that we only had a 3 yr warranty, and since we were at 3.5 yrs, we would need to repair ourselves. She recommended sanding and repainting the rust area.This sounded easy enough, but when my husband started to sand the area, the paint literally started to lift off the metal due to rust underneath, and we decided we needed to have it professionally done. I called back and spoke with a gentleman first who was respectful and took some notes and then patched me through to another man who also worked in his dept. The man was aggressive from the start, even after I explained I just wanted to come up with a plan to prevent the fence from being completely junk in the near term. I first acknowledged we were 6 months past warranty, at which point he said you can't expect us to give you a new fence for free. Um...no, that isn't what I expected at all, but it was certainly enough to put me on the defensive. As I tried to explain I just wanted to figure out how we could refinish, or treat the rusty areas, he told me it was my fault for getting it wet and not maintaining it. WE HAVE A GRAVEL backyard...no grass, no sprinklers and the drip system doesn't even run near the area where the rust is evident. He said there must be some environmental changes then. Well, we still have a gravel yard, and aside from planting some flowers recently...I can't imagine what would have happened to cause rust. We don't have a bug problem, and haven't sprayed in at least 10 years, and I don't use any harmful chemicals (aside from acid in the pool) in general because I have two toddlers. I totally understand rust is caused by water, but the only water our fence is exposed to comes naturally from the ground under our gravel. I'm not sure how wet the ground is in Phoenix, but I'm sure the fence was installed properly to take that into account, right? Besides that, it rains in our yard - which isn't something I feel negligent for allowing to happen. As much as I tried to explain the myself and diffuse the situation by pointing out that the man was being completely argumentative, he kept pushing it. What's strange is that I was honestly just calling to see what we could do...more than willing to spend $ for refinishing or whatever was needed. Yet, all he wanted to do was place blame as to why the fence was rusting. He said he's been in the business 30 yrs, and he knows all about it, and he has people all the time who try to blame the company for rust, but it's always their fault. OK...if that's not the definition of bad customer service, not sure what is. I finally said I'm not interested in placing blame, but really just want to get the fence in the condition where it can last until my kids are older. Once again, he kept wanting to explain how it wasn't his fault and I should have just spent an extra 200 to 300 dollars to avoid this. I tried to explain that when we purchased the fence, we told the salesperson we only needed the fence roughly 8 to 10 years, and he said we'd be fine with the middle-grade fence. I literally wrote this in my notes from 3.5 yrs ago, which were attached to my paperwork that I just dug up). From there, the man said there is a difference between a fence "lasting 8 to 10 years" and looking good. He said the salesperson must have meant that the fence will "last" that long - meaning it would provide an effective barrier for our children, but he said he surely knew it wouldn't look good that long. I finally couldn't take it any longer, and after trying one last time to get him to calm down and lower his voice, he wouldn't...and I hung up. I just didn't want to get dragged down to that level of communication with this individual. I left a message with the salesperson we worked with (3.5 yrs ago & 1 yr ago), and hope to hear back from him tomorrow. I would like nothing more than to report back on Yelp that we came to some sort of resolution - be it getting the fence touched-up or refinished at a reasonable price, since the fence shouldn't be in this condition at this point.UPDATE 7/3/2012: Unfortunately, the salesperson has yet to return my call.
1	UPDATE 7/3/2012: Unfortunately, the salesperson has yet to return my call.
5	I still love our pool fence, a year after it was installed. No sign of rust or peeling paint, and the fence has held up well, despite my 3YO's constant slamming of the gate!
1	I feel the need to express our disappointment with our US Pool fence experience.  It started off with the gate coming in the wrong color.  If this had been an isolated incident we would have overlooked it.  As it turns out it was not. Their install crew was extremely careless.  They laid tools against fragile plants, cut a sprinkler pipe, relaxed on our lawn furniture, left the ground in a mess, and didn't install the proper hardware. It should be the responsibility of the foreman to gently get down to the depth he needs to lay his concrete post.  They instead dig too quickly and hit our poly line.  They then asked us if WE had the material to fix it.  My wife asked if he was going to install the concrete right over our drip line.  The installer's response was "I can put a piece of cardboard over it."  I hope this is okay down the road.The installers left mounds of dirt around the posts on top of the gravel.  It just looks careless.  They didn't cover the dirt with the rock.They forgot to install sleeves into the PVC post at the in ground sections of the fence.  The fence is loose and comes right out of the sleeve with no issue.  I can crawl right under it.  It still is that way since July 4th.  It is now August 22.I told our rep about the gate color the day of the install.  He said he would take care of it.  Two weeks later I still heard nothing.  He finally called and asked what color I needed.  A couple weeks later and nothing.  So I called today and it still had not been ordered.This whole experience was been very unfortunate.The gate is still the wrong color and the post are loose.  Thank God my kid is barely walking or he could get under the mesh.
2	Very poor costumer service. We had scheduled for our fence to be installed on a Tuesday morning and after no one showed up we called the company and they said WE had gotten the day wrong and they were actually supposed to come Thursday (although we had the voicemail stating they would come Tuesday). Ok no big deal. So Thursday comes around, and nothing. We again have to call and they state that because of the storm they have been backed up and could not come out. Totally understandable that a huge storm would throw things off, but NO phone calls letting us know this and making us believe we had the wrong days when in fact they were in the wrong. So then they schedule someone to come Saturday. This is why I gave 2 stars instead of just 1. The guy who came was very nice and stayed busy, getting the pool fence installed and did a good job. But to end on a bad note, they had "ordered the wrong color" for one of the poles and said they would contact us and have it replaced with the right color. But here we are almost a month later and have yet to hear from the company so we will be making another call to them this week.
