5	I'm glad I'm the 2nd reviewer of this place. After a headache getting into town and finding out our original hotel reservation was cancelled at Monte Carlo (long long story), we headed over to Excalibur the next day for the duration of our stay for CES 2012. Hungry and tired, headed over to ABX...and the hamburgers were delicious. They had so many choices of sauces...I'd say close to 12-16 types ranging from creamy, spicy, herb infused, and just many more...it was hard to choose just one. It's a half a lb of meat...which I think is a lot...and all the toppings you'd like. You customize your order and they'll make it for you on the spot. They have turkey burger options as well. The place is clean, trendy, and very Americana...if I was craving a hamburger without the Vegas price tag, this is the place to go! Thank you for being there at our most hungriest time and after a long day of work and headache.
1	All I got to say is rude and they don't know how to use the milk shake machine, I mean if its on the menu they should know how to make it and it shouldn't take 10 minutes. So if u like rude workers who wish they were drunk to be happy go here
4	On our way back to the hotel room, we decided to stop here for food. Kinda pricey, but it was a good burger! It was pretty big so I am glad we decided to share one. Convenient and good food.
4	This is a place inside the casino Excalibur on the Strip. There are a few things to say about other reviews with regard to this place. First, it is Vegas, and if you expect to feed a family of 4 at any sit-down for less than $50, put away the bong and drive home to Riverside where they have real deals. So bitching about "pricey" is a little lame.The burger meat is really quite worth noting. It was really tasty, not greasy, high quality meat I thought, and I eat a lot of burgers. The bread, not so much. Did they follow instructions well (extra tomatoes) no, but then again, I didn't order en Espanol. Their menu is small and hidden on tiny placards by the checkout, they would do well to have an overhead menu like every other first-world burger joint so people can formulate their order while waiting in line. Their condiment scheme is pretty silly with a girl assigned to handing them out from pumping station by request. What do you put on your resume after that job? 01/2012-03/2012 Condiment Pumper at ABX (?)Speaking of condiments: the Ranch was tart and weak with unnecessary green things that were maybe parsley once; the Jack Daniels Mayo was just Thousand Island of a different color (yellow); and the "Black Olive Mayo" was really very cool and worth a try despite the fact that it was clearly a kalmata olive aioli...which is like a tapenade, right, but all mayo'd up. This should be put on store shelves. It was cool tasting novel treat with fries!Chocolate shakes: outstanding for $5 (yeah, I know "What does a $5 shake taste like?")Lastly, where did the "X" come from in "ABX"? Am I missing something?
4	Excalibur is so dated. Walking around the hotel and casino takes me back to 1997, when all I had in life was a PlayStation, AOL email account, and acne.Clearly, the ladies were not knocking on my door. So I drowned my sorrows out in wrinkly tissues, crumpled Playboys, and of course, fatty food.American Burger Works takes me back to that time when I would binge eat to make myself feel better. In January, my awful place of employment punished me by sending me on 11 day trip to Las Vegas, a fabricated city full of depression in the middle of desert. Naturally, I grew even more depressed. So I spent 4 of my nights eating dinner here. Yes, I would consume 3,500 calories in one sitting. Sober.The staff here is friendly and accommodating. The menu is straightforward and simple. No matter what you choose, it's going to be a big burger made to your specifications. The bun will be crispy, the meat will be juicy, and you will be happy.The Belgium style fries are optional, but might as well be mandatory. They are so unbelievably delicious. And the milk shakes, with chocolate candy add ins, are a really sweet way to finish your massive meal off. Burp. Fart. Food coma.The gift and the curse of this place has to be the Belgium fries and the variety of dipping sauces. They have over a dozen different flavors like chili-cilantro sour cream, Sriracha ketchup, and bacon mustard. They are awesome and make the fries that much better.The first dipping sauce is free, but all additional sauces are $1. Look, I have a $500 iPad and a $300 iPhone, but I won't even spend 99 cents on an app. So maybe I am bit cheap. But when it comes to food, I don't mind splurging. Sadly, the $1 gives you a tiny thimble of dipping sauce. Personally, I want a bit more for my buck.In the end, I am still huge fan of this place. But I can no longer fit in my 33x32 slim fit jeans. Burp. Fart. Ugh.
3	The food here is not that great....but it will due.There is not many places in the area for a decent quick bite thats not on the scavenger levels of McDonalds but also not up to the royal and wallet abusing feeling one can get at one of Las Vegas best steakhouse.  Instead its a burger joint.  Slightly overpriced but very versatile in its selections.ABX offer burgers and fries with a variety of sauces to choose from.  I've been here twice.  Once I had a turkey burger, and on a different occassion I had the regular burger.  Both were good, neither was great.  The fries were just ok as well.If Im hungry for a burger and I stroll pass American Burger Works, I just might stop by.
5	I am in love with this place.  I randomly stopped in here and had a vegetarian burger with everything known to man smothering out what was suppose to be semi-healthy!  Let me say, WOW! I chowed down.  I was not at all upset by the heavy handed helping of fries that I ordered with my burger.  The choice selection of sauces doesn't hurt either.I cant speak for the hamburgers, but the vegetarian burger was a hit for me.  I even got to see exactly what went in it.
2	The girls who take your order are idiots. They forget or say the didn't hear when you order. Had this happen with the fries, their sauces and our beers.The burgers weren't bad but the service its terrible.
4	Since we were staying at the Excalibur we decided to grab breakfast and dinner from here. The BLT was great and burger was great too!
5	I went here for breakfast, lunch and dinner when I stayed in Vegas for a week in Excalibur. AMAZING FOOD! Everyone we went with thought they were spectacular! Even our vegetarian friend loved the burgers and having that option along with Turkey burgers is a really good way to bring in customers. I tried Turkey, Beef and a breakfast burger and they were all great. The fries were the best fries I have ever had, plus the choice of 10+ sauces gave you a lot of options. TRY THE RANCH!!If you're staying in Excalibur or just walking the strip, give this place a try
4	I really enjoyed their burgers and fries. The bun on the burger was not too hard or soft and didn't have sesame seeds, which annoy the hell out of me. They didn't put too much cheese, and you get to pick all your toppings when you order, with things like bacon and avocado costing extra. There are three different patty options--beef, turkey, and veggie--and you can get any of them doubled for an extra charge, and they cook each patty to perfection. They make the best fries I've tasted while in Nevada, hands down. I only tried the honey mustard and ranch sauces while I was there, but sometime I will go back and try the rest.For being sure to tell you they make breakfast, they have a fairly limited menu for that, but I can understand as it's meant more as a fast food style burger place, just a notch above McD's, BK and the like. However, I think they could improve their hash browns, since when I go to a place like this I don't expect them to re-heat one of those pre-made frozen hash brown patties made by Ore-Ida. If they can make up fresh pancakes AND fries, hash browns shouldn't be a problem either. You are better off ordering one of the breakfast burgers and getting regular fries on the side...
4	I didn't personally think the fries were anything to write home about - good - not GREAT, but the burger was SPOT ON.There's nothing like a burger to help cure a hangover and a cheeseburger from ABX was the perfect fit. Huge, greasy, loaded with fresh toppings - burgers are one of my favorites and even I couldn't finish this monster.If I ever hit up the Excalibur again, I will be sure to make a pit stop at ABX.
3	Burger was solid, but a little pricey, 8 bucks plus 1 buck for bacon, fries were good. I had the Jack Daniels Ketchup which was good. But the 1 free sauce they give you is tiny, and its a dollar more for each additional sauce or 3 for 2.50. Add in a 5 dollar shake and my meal came out to like 18 dollars. A little on the high side but whatever. I could deal with that.But their service sucks too, the cashier seemed like he didnt want to be there, he messed up my order when i asked for an additional dipping sauce. And it took them close to 20 minutes to get my shake out(i ordered it after my meal). I would probably go back again eventually, but the service was a turn off and the  pricing on their tiny sauces is ridiculous.
1	I tend to kill the surprise and hesitate to write any sort of lengthy review when I eat a burger that sucks, and this is probably going to be no exception. Finding myself on the south end of the strip with an hour to kill in between meetings the other day, I went to my phone to check for anything nearby that might be new and different. Sadly the only thing close by was American Burger Works at the lovely Excalibur, as I had been to pretty much everything else directly around me. No cliffhanger here, but read on if you want to know why it sucked so badly.The restaurant is pretty utilitarian and simple from the garage doors at the entry, to the minimal amount of treatment to their open ceiling, to the simple furniture. The menu is equally as simple: make your own burger from a small list of meat, bun and topping choices and 15 different sauces. Hasn't the whole 'design your own burger' thing been played out? Regardless of the restaurant, if they offer a burger I can probably order it however I want so this isn't really so unique of a concept is it? The fact that their website mentions they bring "a new twist to the classic burger and fries combo" is laughable.Going with the theme, I decided to keep my burger nice and simple so that I could taste a basic sample of what they offer. My burger with lettuce, tomato, pickles, Jack Daniel's ketchup and Swiss cheese came out looking as boring as I had imagined. The bun was dry and difficult to eat. The meat was also very dry; the whole assembly was a vacuum of moisture in my mouth. How's that for a nice mental picture? The meat didn't really have great flavor so that didn't help much either. Between the meat and measly melted cheese something was very salty at random points throughout as well. The tomatoes were unnoticeable, the lettuce was ok, and the pickles were decent. Notice I didn't mention anything about my fancy ketchup; more on that in a minute.The thick cut Belgium French fries were flavorless and almost hollow inside as they can sometimes be when overcooked. If these were cooked right they might have been ok, but I can't promise much. And now a note about their special sauces and horrible service. As I mentioned they have 15 sauces to choose from, I chose the Jack Daniel's ketchup for something a bit neutral as to not take over my burger. When I ordered I was informed it would be on the side which was fine, but when I got my burger there was no sauce on the side, so I went back to counter to ask for it. The man behind the counter pointed to the condiment ketchup in the corner next to the soda machine. I told him if that's my one free sauce then I would like a different sauce and was told I'd have to pay extra for a second variety. Either this guy that spoke no English didn't understand me at all or this place is a total rip off with their sauces. At $15.12 for a burger, fries and drink on the strip isn't the end of the world, but for the quality and service it's about $15.12 too much. All I can say is, this place is horrible.
5	Breakfast burger was good.  The burger patty is good sized and flavorful.  Would definitely come back for it again.  The hashbrowns are just mcdonalds style.  My hubby's smokehouse sausage sandwich ith jalopeno cheddar was good too
3	Located in the Excalibur, ABX was a great find! Veggie Burger was great. My carnivorous friends enjoyed their burgers as well. Why only three stars you ask? They offer a variety of sauces that all sound great, but only give you a thimble of one, and charge you for more or to try the others. Really? It might have cost me an extra buck for the sauce, but it cost ABX a star!
3	Excalibur is seriously lacking in the restaurant department (among other things...) but ABX is a decent quick bite. It's a burger bar, and the prices are not outrageous factoring in Vegas grub in general. They have an adequate array of options, and you'll get your meal in about five minutes. The actual dining room is kind of unclean, and greasy, but again totally passable if you're just looking for a quick cheaper eat.I was thrilled to find turkey burgers were an option, although I've definitely had better (even at home). My co-diner's beef burgers were very greasy and dripped, but mine tasted more clean and certainly less fatty. Overall, this place is nothing remarkable BUT one of the better low priced options on this side of Vegas. I'd eat here again for lunch or if I needed something to sop up alchohol with.
4	The Excalibur definitely could use a better selection of restaurants. However, we were lucky that this was the only place to eat that we could find near our rooms.  The burgers were SO good, not to mention giant.  We shared one and some fries and it was plenty of food for my husband and I.  What is so great is the array of sauces they let you choose from.  The saracha ketchup is AMAZING! My whole family was going crazy over it.  It is a bit overpriced, but it is the strip afterall.
3	Disappointed. There were favorable reviews when it first opened and I had hoped there would be a reason to walk through Excalibur, being the dump it is. I was wrong.Let's start with the service. They forgot several items that we ordered after coming up to get our food. No apologies, just lack of attention to detail. The sauces in a Yogurtland taster cup were $1 each! That's kind of a slap in the face when you can barely dip a fry in it.As for the food, I hate when the bun overpowers the meat. If I want deep dish bread I'll go to Chicago. The meat was overcooked and the only thing that was consistent was the toppings. I went back and forth whether I should give this place 2.5 stars, but figured, the burger is better than a fast food one. The belgian fries were not as advertised either. I've had much better ones before and I wish they'd step it up in all areas. Once again, a good fit w/ Excalibur. Underwhelming.
3	I went to American  Burger Works after seeing their ad for Belgian fries with 20 difference dipping sauces.  Well, the Belgian fries are nothing more than thick-cut fries.  Apparently, they've changed their policy a bit since previous reviewers were there because you now get 2 sauces with your burger .   I had no idea I didn't get to try a little of this and a little of that...and the guy behind the counter was really snippy with me that I can only try two.  (he didn't tell me there was the option of buying more than two.)  Oh...and although they advertize that they have 20 sauces, they actually only had 14.The burger for $8 was fine...nothing special.  The fries for $3, also nothing special.  It was all tasty...but nothing above average.  The sauces I tried were an ancho chili sauce and an olive sauce - both were good.  I'd eat here again but I wasn't impressed with the sauce dude.  I realize that in Vegas, they don't have to worry about repeat business and therefore, they can be as snippy as they want.  They know that they don't depend on repeat business.
3	It was ok. My burger wasn't the best but this place has potential.The sauces are cool but I got boozled with some weird flavors. Thousand Island was good, French Onion & Siracha Ketchup tasted funky.
4	this restaurant has not closed.  it is open for business!!!!
4	For a quick and delicious bite I recommend this place.  Burgers were juicy and very flavorful, the fries were delicious. I will most likely go back to this place next time I visit the Excalibur.
2	Husband and I stay at Excalibur twice a year. Was happy to see ABX opened since there isn't too many places to eat at the Excalibur.  HORRIBLE service every single meal we had there so we just walk over to New York New York to eat.
5	Loved it! I had a turkey patty melt that was cooked to perfection with just the right amount of cheese and grilled onions and the best french fries-crisp, thick, with just the right amount of salt- made with canola instead of vegetable oil,  which always tastes better.  Service was good, and reasonably priced.
3	Good solid flavorful burger. Great service.  A bit pricy for what your get.  $15.12 for a burger, fries, and a drink.Fries need improvement.  I too can fry up some thick cut, store bought frozen fries.  These fries were hot, but with a soft soggy texture.
4	Very good!Tried the BBQ burger and was pleasantly surprised.Came back and tried a standard burger a day later and liked it too. Look, I'm not a huge fan of Excalibur, but if you're stuck there on a business trip like I was, you have to make the best of it. Solid burgers in what would otherwise be considered a black hole of fast food. The thick cut fries are pretty good, too.
5	We were staying at the Luxor and checked into our hotel late at night. We were starving and everywhere we looked was closed! In Vegas! We stumbled upon American Burger Works and were pleasantly surprised how good the burgers were and reasonably priced. They really hit the spot. The staff was very friendly also in walking us through their menu. We even came back the next day! We will definitely be back the next time we are in Vegas.
5	Greatttt burgers! Can be a bit pricey but it's a good quality burger and fries. I tried the siracha ketchup and I been hooked ever since. I make siracha ketchup at home all the time now.
4	Pretty good place to eat a burger, Without spending too much.
3	Went in for breakfast burritos after a big night out. Aside from my burrito leaking some sort of sauce on my pants, it was fine. Nothing great, but not bad. Did the trick and under $10.
4	Are here 3 times during EDC weekend. The location is perfect for when you want to get food and go back to your room. Had a cheeseburger twice, their fries are soooooo yummy! And had a breakfast burrito. Only thing that sucks and why I dropped a star is because they only let you have one sauce and they have a good variety to choose from but only one sauce?? Not cool man.
5	I love this place! Really big juicy sloppy yummy burger in my big round belly!
3	Not a bad burger at all...several nice choices...definitely a bit more expensive then the Mcy-D's upstairs, but a vastly superior burger.I tried both the Western and the Mushroom...rings, fries and sweet tater fries...all were good...but none had that extra something that made you think I gotta get back here.The only real gripe I had was an off the wall one...Litteraly. There is big artsy text on the wall with burger related words and phrases that grab your eye when you walk by. Words like "Beef", "Chili","Truffle", etc. Unfortunatly many of the words, are not items you can get here. I found myself reading the wall thinking..."Yeah, some chili would be great on a burger"... "I wished they had brioche buns...". But alas... I had to suffer with my still very tasty burger.
2	I was fairly disappointed. The burger was mediocre, maybe a little thicker than a typical burger at a Wendy's, and I asked for a little ketchup and mustard on mine and it was absolutely slobbered in it... At least they were being generous instead of skimpy, right? Pricing was pretty poor too- I got a burger fries and a soda and it worked out to over $14; keeping in mind this is a fast food burger place. I won't be going back, unfortunately.
5	Mushroom burger with 1/1 1/2 fries, about 10-15 a person ( we got a drink) but this burger is to DIE for.My boyfriend loved the BBQ burger and the bacon cheese fries. Everything was done to perfection! Come to Excalibur for this awesome burger experience!
4	I am a burger fanatic. I got the western and thought it was pretty good! I thought the fries were ok. But I would go back if I was in the excalibur again
1	The burger was sorta tasty and seemed to be good quality beef.  I got the California burger (I think that's the name, it had avocado on it) and had it wrapped in lettuce.  Hubs got the jalapeno burger, he thought it was ok.  The fries seemed like the kind of fries you get at a hole in the wall burger joint - bland, too oily - not fabulous belgian fries at all! We didn't try other sauces because we are too cheap to pay for them haha! Oh, we also got a grilled ham and cheese for our kiddo and she wanted noting to do with it, but I don't think she was hungry. It actually looked pretty good and was served on toasted Texas toast, but then I tried it and the ham was super fatty and hard to chew.  This place was too pricey for mediocre food, but it was late and we were hungry and I had to feed our kid.  Next time, we'll make sure to skip this place for something better.
5	Sooooooo sad this place got replaced with nasty expensive Johnny Rockets!!! ABX was my fav!!!! :(
