5	Divaz is the perfect place to find something cute to wear out.  I have gone in there several times in a pinch and always find what I am looking for.  The owners stock their stores with cute, trendy but wearable items.  They do a great job selling the latest styles but they sell brands that aren't crazy expensive.  I like the Tempe Marketplace location because its easy to park at that end of the mall and get in and out.  Plus their staff is actually nice and super helpful.
5	I love this boutique. The ladies that work there are super friendly and they have a ton of cute clothes as well as Steve Madden shoes and purses. I got a cute LBD and a shirt for $60. Oh and they give you heels to wear while you try on the dresses. I love it. They also have really good customer service. We went in right before they closed last week and they didn't ask us to leave or act rudely towards us. This is why we went back and will continue to go back!Right now they have a parents weekend sale going on: jeans are buy one get one free.
5	I loved my friend's dress on New Years...asked her where she got it...& found Divaz. I'll be honest. I have walked by before, but the whole "divas" with a z bothered me...so I kept walking. How very unfortunate!!!  Silly girl.The shop is reminiscent of my favorite little boutique in Flagstaff, with lots of the "cheaper" quality brands I search for. I shop like a crazy person...I grab everything! The cute little shop girls grabbed everything from me straight to my dressing room...and they didn't even act annoyed! I ended up with three shirts, a skirt and a dress...$156 something. This is the perfect place to run to if you have nothing to wear before an evening out. Steve Madden shoes, silky shirts, higher end denim and bags and jewelry...I like. A lot.  I'll be back...
5	absolutely LOVE this place. after gong into Pitaya i almost canceled shopping on mill (poor quality clothes, rude poorly dressed associates). Diva's has really cute clothes at a great price. It usually shop at Bebe or Nordstroms but this store is definitely on my list
5	Great clothes, great accessories and Steve Madden shoes. Doesn't get much better than this. There is a range of prices ($30-$108 for a dress, etc). Friendly staff and a clean place. I love shopping here.Check the ASU Student Insider coupon book for coupons!
5	Moving here from San Diego stunted my style because my best friend was no longer there to help me try new things at stores. So when I found Divaz I was really happy because I love to look fashionable and try new things, but naturally I'm not very good at picking out and matching stuff. This place reminds me of a spot I always went to before nights out in Pacific Beach and a lady that always picked/made me the best outfits. SOOO I have been to Divaz two times now and each time I leave with a great outfit. The staff is very helpful, and knows the stock of the store. The prices are reasonable for fashionable/trendy clothing and it doesn't seem like cheap stuff. They have bags, belts, candles, accessories and all kinds of styles from edgy to classic. Oh and they have shoes! My favorite part was that someone on the staff gave me a pair of pumps to try on my outfits with, this really gave me a better idea of what the stuff will actually look like when I wear it out. They were very nice and picked out TONS of stuff for me to try. I found an outfit I loved and purchased it for $56 bucks and I know I will get a lot of use out of it. I'll definitely be back!
5	My friend and I came here for a trunk sale for Shawl Dawls earlier this month.Ill be honest, I thought this place looked like a hoity toity boutique that probably had a snotty staff, and overpriced merchandise. Well, im currently eating my humble pie. Their staff was sooooo nice. And their merch, while being a tad on the $$ side, is well worth it. Their set up is sort of akin to Charming Charlie, in that its mostly by color. They also have some really fun jewelry on display. I ended up returning the next day to buy a blazer and some skinny pants (that actually fit right!) that I'd looked at during the trunk sale. The friend that went w/ me to the trunk show commented that this is going to be her new party clothes place, though the pieces I bought were more business casual. In other words, they have a wide selection.Cant wait to get paid again so I can go back!
4	LOOOOOVVVEEE this place!  The staff is always super sweet and helpful and the clothes...the clothes are always on trend and to die for and reasonably priced.  As a boutique owner myself, I just absolutely adore this store!  The only downfall it is super small when it's busy and really hard to navigate without knocking everything over everything but that's a good problem to have.
2	I went into Divaz boutique a few weeks ago looking for a specific item that I thought they might carry considering the other reviews and what I have heard from friends etc.  When I walked in I looked around, and within a couple minutes one of the sales associates asked me if I was looking for something in particular (...good start), and I answered "Yeah! do you guys carry coated or waxed jeans?" she gave me the blankest stare of my life then responded with "Nope!" She clearly had no idea what I was talking about and didn't care enough to ask someone else because after this interaction I decided to look a little harder and I found two pairs of black coated jeans in the wrong size. i assumed they wouldn't want to help me find another size so I left. NEVER GOING BACK :) oh and p.s. they have now have coated jeans at target
5	Divaz is a great boutique!  I love this place because the girls that work here are so friendly and the store is clean and easily accessible.  This location is my favorite because it's more accessible than the one on Mill, I hate worrying about parking.  Tempe Marketplace has PLENTY of parking!  The clothes are a great price and the quality doesn't reflect the low cost at all.  They also have great jewelry and shoes in the store at all times as well.  I think the primary reason I like this store is because it is unique.  They have different inventory every visit so I feel much more confident other girls won't be wearing the same outfit. :)  If you're a fan of quality and current fashion this is a great place to visit!
2	Nice sales on designer clothing sometimes. But staff can be hit or miss. I like how the store is organized by color, but some of the no-name brands are seriously overpriced here. Great stop for a last-minute-event-notice though.
5	I am a regular at Divaz! Every time I come to Tempe Marketplace, I just have to stop by this shop! Their staff is super friendly, helpful, and have great energy. There's always something cute to get from shoes, purses, dresses, and handbags. Although prices may be steep for some items, every thing at the store is unique and well designed. A great store for trendy women with personality! Tip: If you want something, you should just go ahead and buy it. You deserve it. It probably won't be there next time. Everything I have bought from this store is something I love and get compliments on all the time! So worth it!**** This is his girlfriend writing this post. I was on the wrong account, but this is too funny to take down since he is at this store just as much as I am so everything is still valid.
5	I LOVE this boutique.  I always look forward to my days off so I can see what's new at Divaz.  They are always getting new arrivals in and you will not be able to find these clothes ANYWHERE.  Their collections are hand picked to be unique, trendy, classy, and best of all- affordable.  Whenever I need to get a new outfit for a night out, Divaz Boutique is my to to place.  I always find whatever I'm looking for, even if I don't know what it is!  The girls here are also SO friendly and they all have a good eye for fashion.  There is NOTHING negative I can say except that sometimes they don't have a variety of sizes in a certain piece because they only get a limited quantity of everything in.  Just got home today and can't wait to go back next week!
5	I am a huge boutique shopper and there just aren't many left.  Divas has never let me down! There hasn't been a time when I've walked into this store and left empty-handed.  The merchandise is always different and the prices are VERY reasonable . They also carry Tyler candles and I can't live without them! The staff is always sweet and there is a big ottoman in the back where you can park your husband. I love this cute little store!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this store! I have been a customer for years, and it's because of their great selection, super friendly and helpful staff, and that they truly do offer a one of a kind shopping experience. They are constantly getting in new merchandise, and their staff is always there to help you however you may need. They take the time to get to know their customers, and I think that truly says a lot. If you are looking for something specific, they will help you find something to cater to whatever you need, or make suggestions on outfits or accessories. They also have a shopper's rewards program, so you can earn rewards for future purchases! This is always a go-to store when I'm need of something for any occasion really...and I'm constantly receiving compliments on my outfits that I get here. It's actually a joke between my friends that 9 times out of 10 if they ask me where I got something, it will almost always be DIVAZ! They have three locations in the Phoenix area and one in Tucson, so they are always willing to check stock in other stores if you have your heart set on something and they don't have your size. I love shopping here, and will continue to as long as I can. I love supporting a local business that really does it right.
