1	Wish I could give a fair review of the service but seeing as how I never made it back to see the chiropractor, I can't review that. What I can make a review on is their complete lack of anything resembling customer service. As I sat there AFTER filling out my paperwork for an ongoing membership they proceeded to take people that came in after me. Business must be booming when they can treat new people with such complete disregard for our time or needs. Nothing was ever said to me, just sat there watching them ignore me. If you are a current member, congrats to you. For potential new members, prepare to be made to feel unwanted. Shame I had to even give them this one star.
5	Friendly and fast service.  Always feel great afterwards.  This place is a weekly must for my back.  Love the convenience of different locations as well.  Highly recommended.
3	I've not had the actual service yet, but I will update when I do. For now, I just want to rate my experience going in. I spoke to the associate at the front desk, I believe her name was Portia?, and she was very friendly and helpful. I went in at 6:30, because I work 8-6, wanting to fill out any required paperwork and get an adjustment. However I was told that new patients need to be there by 6 if they want to be seen prior to their closing at 7. I was pretty put off by this. I understand the necessity of forms, but considering the below reviewer advised the paperwork took her 4 minutes I'm confident I could've completed it in that time as well, allowing another 25 minutes prior to their posted closing time and since there was not another single soul in the office I felt that they should've tried to work with me. It's not a deal breaker because I know people want to get home but I feel like if you are a new business trying to elicit new clientele then maybe you might be willing to make a few exceptions. If your sign says you close at 7 and you don't accept appointments, you might not want to turn away customers that come in 30 minutes prior to your actual closing time. Additionally, while the sign on the window says $19, your first adjustment is actually $29, unless you have a coupon from their website or from another location and the rest of their pricing was different than the location next to my house as well; for example you can get 4 treatments a month for around $45 with no-contract at the facility by my house but at this facility it was $60 for four treatments a month with no-contract. When I questioned the associate on this she was vague but did confirm that different locations do have slightly different pricing schedules. Upon further questioning, she also mentioned that once you've signed up you can use any facility so it behooves you to sign up at a location that charges you a lower monthly cost. All in all, I will be going back to this Joint location but only after I sign up at a different one :) I give them 3 hopefully-soon-to-be-amended stars.
5	Such a laid back place to get some serious help!  I suffer from severe back problems and Dr. Brim uses personalized techniques to help alleviate my pain and move me towards recovery.  Being able to walk in without an appointment is so convenient and I have yet to experience more than a 10 minute wait. They are quick, efficient, friendly, and by far the best chiropractors I've ever had.
5	I've had nothing but great experiences here since I've joined. The front staff is always friendly and courteous, plus the office is always clean. I have admit that I will only go on days that Dr. Brim is there. Can't help it because he's really just the best. I can say that with confidence because I've gone to the other locations in town.
5	I recently moved here from Missouri. I was so concerned what I was going to do about my chiropractic care. My daughter is a chiropractor back home, so I was spoiled with free care. We have The Joint back home, so I thought I would give it a try. OMG, Dr. Brim is the best. I am a little partial, because he graduated from the same school as my daughter. What I like best about The Joint is that they practice chiropractic on what chiropractic was founded on. The adjustment! It is a total tune up for your body. I wish more people would give it a try. Working for my daughter and being in the field before she became a chiropractor, I have seen miracles happen. People need to take their children to them before putting them on drugs. Just give it a chance!
5	Roland is amazing.  I highly recommend this place. Friendly service and great results.  Much better than the Maryland Pkwy location.
1	UNFORTUNATELY, it was a horrible experience,  no stars.  I have been a member for almost one YEAR. I just canceled my membership right now. I have been getting treated at the one on blue diamond and never had a problem.  Since I was nearby I figured to try this location on Eastern. Maliya, the receptionist requested the monthly payment so then  I gave her my credit card.  After awhile she said their keyboard was not working so I went to use the bathroom bec I can't be seen until  payment has been made.  I was waiting and waiting.... I told her to return my credit card bec I didn't want to forget it.  She then wrote down the Cc info in a piece of paper not asking me if it was OK to keep that Cc on file (piece of paper) I have asked her to give me the piece of paper where she wrote my Cc info that I am not comfortable of her leaving my Cc info around in lil sticky note.  She KEPT insisting to give it to me,  she repeatedly Would Not a d hesitate to give me it!!!  I said I was in a hurry I will just go to other location and when seen I will pay maybe their keyboard works.  But she wouldn't give it to me I  Feel like I was robbing them for 49 bucks... I told her  didn't have time to wait for her keyboard to work and after 30 mins of arguing to give my credit card and the paper she wrote my cc info I just said to cancel my membership.  I don't have time and she just kept saying "I understand"  I said I had to go pick up my daughter from school.  Just horrible!  The Dr came out and finally she handed me my cc and piece of paper.  So horrible  AND ANNOYED!  WRONG WAY TO TREAT YOUR MEMBERS ESP.  IF THEY SAID THE HAD TO LEAVE and in a hurry... Waste my time and energy on trying to get my credit card......
5	Love this place! Roland is the BEST! I would highly recommend this place to anyone.  Prices are definitely affordable!
5	I have been going for a few months regularly and I love the facility and the staff. Dr. Brim is an amazing chiropractor. He takes the time to understand your personal needs and creates a plan to get you on the right track.
3	Took my wife for her first adjustment. Walked in were the only people in there other than the receptionist. She decided to stare at us for what seemed to be more than a minute before I finally said hello. Her initial words were where's your key card?. We had no idea what she was talking about. I did however tell her I had a keychain. This woman was not only extremely strange in the beginning , but after my wife saw the doctor he recommended a one month or four visit package. The lady at the desk refused to allow me to pay cash. She did relent and say I could pay cash but not unless I supplied her with my credit card number for her files. Totally ridiculous. I might add that she was quite scary looking to the eye as  well. The doctor was so good however I am going to find a way at another office to pay cash and have the next four visits completed. I will however never recommend anybody to this place and I will never go there again myself or my family.
5	been going to the Joint for a year now, my 1st dr left, Will was awesome!!!!now i have seen dr Brim. he is fantastic!!! every Dr has a style on how the crack you,and I really like his, very inforative. thank you Dr Brim
