4	Great delivery service that is very efficient. Orders are rarely wrong and the time estimates are generally accurate. The online website makes ordering super easy and convenient.A few things keep this from being a 5, the delivery fees are slightly too big. Late night hours aren't available, and the food selection lacks any good healthy choices.Overall I'd highly recommend RoadRunnerFood.
5	Happy to finally have a place that delivers in Summerlin.  We can stop ordering from yucky Pizza Hut when we need delivery.  We ordered from China Mama, which isn't terribly close.  You can order online but you need to confirm your account the first time you order.  The lady on the phone was extremely nice.  The online ordering is simple and convenient.  They accept payment by credit card and you can even include the driver's tip on the credit card via the website, if you want.Our food ended up being about 15 minutes late because of the restaurant.  Road Runner Food called to let us know, which was nice.  Most delivery places just leave you wondering what's up.  The food arrived hot and delicious.  I don't know how they kept it hot, but I'll take it!I get the gist from some of the other reviews that people don't like paying for delivery.  But for some reason delivery is a pain in the ass in Summerlin.  Mobile Waiter refuses to deliver here for some reason. So many restaurants in Summerlin refuse to deliver.  Or just have one delivery person and can't handle more than one delivery order an hour. Therefore, I'm willing to pay for delivery, especially for restaurants outside the neighborhood.  I'm so happy Road Runner Food is here and I hope it is here to stay.
5	Wow! What a pleasant surprise! After reading the reviews I was a little weary about trying them, but I am so happy I did! The phone operator was completely professional and helpful. I ordered my lunch at 11:30 and was told I would receive it between 45 minutes to an hour, I received it at 12:10! I was super happy about the speedy service! And my sushi was fresh and delicious! I will definitely be using roadrunner again!
4	My son and I order from here at least 3 days a week.  I work about 60-65 hours and he works full time and goes to college at the same time.  I love that we are limited to chain pizza & crappy Chinese.  it has also expanded our circle of goto restaurants when we do have a night out.  We've discovered places that we'd never drive to but love to order from.  I mean really where can you get greek at 10pm without schleping to Baker? The only negative that i have which is why it isn't 5 stars is that their website once you hit place order is hard to read.  it's black type on dark blue background.  Otherwise it's perfect. Actually I'm getting ready to order from them right now.
3	This delivery service seems to be all right. The web page is awful, though. I don't like trying to find restaurants by looking through a list of logos. The page is cluttered and neither attractive nor well-organized.  However, once you find your restaurant, ordering from the menu-like page is pretty easy.  The  "shopping basket" is unintuitively stuck at the very top of the page where it isn't obvious to find, and the checkout is next to it on the upper left hand corner. I can't imagine who designed this website.  By the way, they have an iphone app, which I can't stand either.The selection of foods in my area (Summerlin) seems larger than Eat24's, and since they offer Amore Taste of Chicago, I'm with Roadrunner!  I don't like the $4.99 delivery fee, though- it's way too high, PLUS they want you to tip the driver. Thats like $9 for delivery right there if you tend to tip high (as I like to do).I was surprised when they wanted to do the old-fashioned credit-card impression thing at the door. Seems kinda old fashioned and clunky- just like their website, come to think of it.    I do hope they improve their site and app just for ease of use. Maybe lower that delivery fee a tad, too? Comparing Eat24 to RoadRunner, I'd say Eat24 seems to have cheaper delivery fees and a MUCH MUCH better website, while Road Runner has more choices.
1	wow......... stay away from this place! never have i experienced such bad service in my life!!!!!! honestly I am not a rude person but i paid $40 for a bad meal! no thank u! i had to call them and let them know what was wrong so they dont ruin it for their next clients. I got for 2 breakfast orders... the pancakes (didnt come w syrup) the breakfast burrito (specifically asked for salsa which they did not include) it took 3 hours to receive, and it was cold! great.....when I called them back the lady insisted I ordered online which is y the order was messed up. HA!! at least take responsibility for the error, no ones perfect!! and I understand that but really? I placed my order over the phone and i told the lady that. she treated me like an idiot. you really think i wouldnt remember if i ordered online or not?? then her next comment was you must not have specified.. blah blah blah... just a completely ridiculous experience!! im totally bummed out...! I was trying to be nice about the bad experience but to end it (before the lady HUNG UP ON ME!) i told her i just wanted them to know because i refer a lot of people and I want them to note the error.. they lady told me shell make a note of it (laughing at me the whole time) and thats all she could do then hung up... SO FREAKING RUDE!!! I only called to help them understand the problem so they dont repeat it!! GRRRR im super upset.... worst $40 spent in my life!!! totally dont recommend this place not only was the food bad but the service was HORRIBLE!!!!!!! STEAR CLEAR!!!!!
3	Happy to have the delivery service, but until they have a better credit card processing system, I'm going to stay away unless I have cash.  Despite the fact that they get the credit card number, expiration date, and CVV online, they still insist on getting an imprint of the card upon delivery.  Which was fine, at first.  Until, according to the drivers, they started getting yelled at for not getting good enough imprints.  I had a driver come back to my house THREE times, asking for the credit card again and again to get a better imprint.  The last time he came into my house, set up on a table near my door, bent over, and started furiously rubbing away.  His pants started falling down (why can't men wear pants that fit?) and I got the joy of seeing his buttcrack.  Ugh.Now unless I have exact change, no deal.  Because their drivers don't seem to carry enough change either.  And delivery during lunch has taken over an hour so I only do dinner orders.I found another delivery service that has moved into the 21st century and knows how to process cards online.  Road Runner still has the best selection of restaurants and the people running the service are nice.  But I don't have the time or the patience for their system.
3	We order food at my work and was printed for a certain total, However when the food arrived it was a different total. I know it was for extra Marinara sauce but still I think I should have been called with the new total when this happened. Will reconsider if I ever order food to go again. I will most likely not use this food ordering system ever again due to the experience I just had today.  So remember if you ever order through them you may want to call for your total because the one you get online may not be right and they will not call you at all to let you know of the difference in cost.Update:          A gentleman by the name of Ray called and told me he was very sorry for the inconvenience and understood how i felt since it his company should have called me when there was changes on the cost of my order. I was very impressed by this and may order food through them again. I feel that he was understanding of how I felt and why I was getting so upset with the situation. Thank you Ray for changing my mind about road runner.
3	The company I work for uses them from time to time, and they are great unless something happens with the place you order food from.  If they don't answer the phone or can't get the order through, your wait goes from 1 hour to 2 or 3.  So far today it's been (from time order was submitted online to now) 2 hours.  Not to say it's necessarily their fault, but the place we ordered from's phone was apparently busy all morning, so my managers are waiting on the delivery in order to take their lunch, which isn't good. If they can find a way to get their ordering down and have alternative options in place if the location nearby can't fulfill, that would be best.
1	Clown company. Can't describe it otherwise. An hour late, plus forgot an order? Is it a fluke? You'd hope, but this event happened 3 times in a row. Save yourself some time and pick up your own food or use another company. The sheer rudeness and disconnect from decent customer service is reason enough to look elsewhere. Apparently whenever your order is missing an item it is the restaurant'sfault. Way to throw your affiliated business under the bus to cover yourself. It's not hard to smell past the BS.Who runs this place? Surprised bigger (or trustworthy) business has not taken you over yet. Your framed website is hysterical -- which makes me to laugh at why I would think our food would come as ordered.  A $10 *credit* on $8 missing food(+tax) means nothing-- we have an upset grumpy hungover woman to feed. Plus who wants to use your unreliable company again?Entrepreneurs with time on your hands -- please explore las vegas delivery food.
5	How can anyone complain about the ONLY service I'm aware of here in Vegas that will deliver food to you, while you dictate from your living room dressed in nothing but panties?Really? I'm sorry y'all. I'm not following you here! You have a better solution, let me know. For now, all of my bets and money are with Road Runner Food on this one... For their excellent service and price for what they offer, I am truly a fan.If it wasn't for them, I would have never gotten my ROTD on Yelp for reviewing Amore Taste of Chicago Pizza. Roadrunner was singlehandedly responsible for introducing me to this amazing restaurant. I always give credit where credit is due, and it is is definitely due here. All of this transpired from the comfort of my own home, while surfing the net in my panties. And yes, I'm gladly putting my own name and rep on the line by telling you that Roadrunner really rocks! I cannot stress this enough!Sure, I have to put clothes on to answer the door but who cares? I still got to order in my panties and I relish in that fact! And to think that I just killed every guy's fantasy about delivering the "extra large sausage pizza" to my house in those last few sentences. Haha! I'm sorry.Special thanks to Vicki for handling my order and making my day. This girl definitely deserves a raise! *a little hint hint nudge nudge for the higher ups that may be reading this*
3	Road Runner food delivery is just okay. They are consistently slow though, quote time is always an hour, but consistently will be 1.5-2 hours at best. No matter what restaurant we order from, the delivery driver misses something all the time, every time - especially extra sides and/or drinks that are paid extra for. I guess they deserve some kind of credit because they know how to get from point A to B....eventually.Also, please have your drivers stop begging for tips, it is pretty rude. I already tip 15% on the website when I make the payment with my credit card. Is it not enough? Do the drivers just not notice it? I feel ripped off even tipping 15% for the terrible service. At least take the extra minute or 2 to get the order right if you're going to be 30-60 minutes late as expected..
5	I have nothing negative to say about this company. I was given a list of food options based on my zip code. I followed the steps and made my order. The website is something that can be worked on a little bit but the order form and payment process is nearly flawless. for a $4.99 delivery charge, I got the thai food that I was craving without having to leave the comfort of my own home. Everything was delivered as promised and on-time during lunch hour with all custom requests filled to perfection. Good job Road Runner!
1	I called to place my order, a lady answered that phone and placed me immediate on hold, where I was for 3-5 min. She came on the phone and began to take my order. Several times telling me "TALK LOUD!" After being on the phone 15 min (including the initial hold time) she tells me that my order is not enough. So I add things till my order reaches 15$ and then she tell me that she is going to have to call me back. I waited and 10 min later she called back and I gave her all my information. I waited 50 min and my food was delivered. After signing and giving the driver (which was an extremely nice guy) everything thing he needed I returned to my hotel room. Where I find that my food in NOTHING that I ordered. So I call the same number that I called to place the order, I press the appropriate keys to speak to a manager. I get on the phone with the same lady that I place the order with and told her that the food I received that not the food that I wanted. She became very loud telling me that I ordered the food that I got but she would call the company and have them review the order and call me back. This call was made at 5PM. The night passed and I heard nothing from the company. So the next day I called the company, spoke with a nice lady explained the situation to her elaborated on the fact that I was sorry to bother them but I felt that customer service I received was not that of the price. This lady remained nice, and told me that a 7$ credit had been placed on my account. I thanked her, and told her that I didn't feel this was appropriate due to the fact that I gave them almost 30$ and did NOT get the food I ordered. She still remaining very professional told me that the lady that took my order was a manager and that she could talk with her and would return my call. I also told the lady that I was sorry to make this a big deal, however I did give them money for a service that was not correct. So this is where the story gets interesting. I would guess 45 min later I get a phone call for the same lady (MANAGER) that took my order. I answer the phone she ask my name, I verify. She then tells me that a 7$ credit had been added to my account, and there was nothing else that she could do. I told her that I didn't want her to do any thing else. But I did want to make it known that I was VERY UN-happy with the service that I had received. She keeping in mind this is a manager beans screaming in the phone at me and tells me "IF THAT IS THE WAY YOU ACT I TAKE IT AWAY FROM YOU! I DO YOU FAVOR AND FIX THE PROBLEM." At this point in time I told the lady on the phone, "Thank you for your time, I hope you have a better day!"I'm sure this company is a great company, however I will never use them again. If you have a customer that is unhappy, do what you can to make them happy and don't yell at them. It's called customer service people.
1	I have ordered plenty of times from this company approximately 14 times... It is really convenient, maybe not the best quality but very convenient. Every time they would get something wrong such as: forget the beverages, COLD food, chicken instead of shrimp, MISSING appetizer, MISSING entree and forget the condiments - on all different occasions (I am very particular with what I want - I distinctly specify that, and not assume that it will comes with it, and basing on their mistakes in the past- yet it still happens again and again). Yet, I have been very patient and understanding. What gets me is that they do not own up to their mistakes, they always blame the restaurant, when I had called the restaurant 3 occasions, it was clear that it was RoadRunner's mishap on how they placed the order and the food should be checked before leaving right??!? The Delivery people are VERY nice (Personally I have worked in the hospitality industry for so long, that I understand that mistakes can happen and I have ALWAYS been understanding). One day, I decided to order from them and I used the same credit card that I have used in most of my transactions (Yes, it was my mishap that I had misplaced my wallet) the delivery guy and the order takers were very nice, wanting to help me... But the manager stated that it is on the 15th transaction that they need not to see the credit card/ID. (I am one transaction away from this?!?!) Well they didn't give me food and I was upset and extremely HUNGRY but I wasn't mad! I understood that it was my mistake.So days later I called to verify 2 things: credit to my bank for the food that was delivered but not given and a $6.++ credit for a previous order that they messed up (and PROMISED to credit back - but never did 3 transactions from the last time I ordered) and the order takers (very nice) stated that they will forward this issue with the manager. Bottom line is  - i called 4 times, left my information, it took 15 weeks before I got a hold of the manager/owner KAREN (did I mention that I was the one who called) First, for an business owner she was very unprofessional - stating that because that I did not get the previous order she could not give me my $6++ credit. That credit was from a past mistake that they had made. First of all I am not money hungry! I just firmly believed that it was their mistake so that's why I deserved that credit. Secondly, she threatened to hangup with me because she was very busy and had no time to deal with my call. How professional was that? She yelled at me and stated that she would send the money in the mail to which she did. I don't feel I was handled right. Honestly felt extremely insulted. I am hoping that from this experience they would learn how to properly communicate with their clientele and how to run an effective business.
1	I will not be coming back here again. Horrible service...... my table was being watched by the manager and it was awkward. I felt so freaked out I was scared to order anything. Not vapor friendly either. Don't eat here.
1	When it works, it is great. Problem is that it doesn't very often. Have had the last disappointment and am done!
5	I have ordered through Road Runner a few more times since my last review and I can now say I am impressed on the improvement of their service lately. They have been a lot more quicker and efficient. Great job - keep it up!
3	I use Road Runner a lot and there have been a few times when my order has been wrong. Road Runner needs to train their drivers to make sure the orders are correct and complete. Then we wouldn't have an issue with driving back to the restaurants or asking for refunds. This doesn't happen often, but on days when I am super hungry (like last night) and I get an order that I can't eat after waiting an hour... I get very irritated.Please CHECK the orders!
1	I live in the Lone Mountain area, where delivery options are limited, so I like the convenience offered by this service.   The problem is it stops being convenient when:They don't accept PayPal for payments.  This is a secure method of transacting.  I am uncomfortable with the fact that they take an imprint of my card.Food is rarely delivered within the estimated delivery window,  usually takes 1.5hrs for delivery. Orders are filled incorrectly and little is done to rectify the issue.  I recently placed a lunch order, and found that after the driver left, the order I received is not what I ordered.   I called in and after being put on hold for almost 10 mins (which felt like 60 No hold music, just an annoying beep), was told I could keep the wrong order at a discount.   That was not an option due to allergies.  2nd option was that they would full fill the order correctly,  but it could take longer than hour.  That being said,  I waited almost 3 hours for the correct order,  with nothing offered for the inconvenience.   The credit/discount was only offered if I kept the incorrect food.   To top it all off,  gratuity is included,  which means that even though the driver did a poor job,  she still gets a tip?   Doesn't seem fair.   Train your drivers to confirm order accuracy. Auto gratuity?  I was a server in a past life, and I understand the need for auto grats on large parties.  But my order was $30 and the tip should reflect the level of service provided. For these reasons,  I will no longer be using this service.   Seems to me that a customer service minded person should be able to clean up in this market and easily put Roadrunner out of business.
