2	Boring big box stores that you can find everywhere else, yet again.  Yawn.  Thumbs up for:* Dave and Buster's* a handful of unique restaurants and independent stores* interesting layout of "The District"
3	Retailopolis - that's an urban slang word I coined when I moved to Phoenix nearly two years ago. You see, no such thing exists where I'm from. Sure, you'll find your traditional mall and the occasional plaza in Oklahoma City, but nothing like a Tempe Marketplace that is a mini-world of consumerism. But, out of all the outrageous retail developments I've seen, this is my favorite of its kind. (I can't, for some reason, stand Desert Ridge or Mesa Riverview.) Perhaps it's the design or even the landscaping, but I admit I am drawn here. Not because I have to go to every single store (I don't even know all of what's here), but because out of all the the places to shop, this one stresses me out the least. It's true!I guess I should admit the fact that I don't really like shopping. And I hate malls. So, yes, this is a pretty big deal: 3 stars from me for a Retailopolis. In any case, here's a couple reasons I'd go here:*Barnes & Noble - Every big development needs a huge book store. Sure, it's not your mom and pop's establishment, but it's books, music, magazines, maps and everything else you want to distract yourself with, including coffee and amazing deserts (a few from Cheesecake Factory). Try the PB Cookie, though. It's my fave.*World Market - Ah, the wine you'll find here! Prices are reasonable and the selection is great. Organized by country, you'll be able to, in the matter of minutes, explore the world of wine. They sell some of my faves here, including Acacia, Row Eleven, Sexto. Plus, you'll be able to explore other brands that offer new alternatives, including Mark West. If wine's not your thing, check out the beer selection. While limited, it may surprise you with some of what they offer. As for everything else, I could take it or leave it. After all, if I wanted candles or dinner sets, I'd shop elsewhere. *Target - Sure as hell beats Wal-Mart, which I haven't stepped foot in for over 4 years. C'mon, it's the "upscale discounter." Need I say more?There are so many other stores here, too, including Old Navy, Ross and JC Penny. Not to mention they've built restaurants around the area for hungry shoppers. Only, instead of seeing a hoard of mediocre pubs, I'm excited to see there's a place that offers sushi and one that offers tea. (Kabuki and Tea Infusion, respectively.)Of course, maybe I spoke too soon. For if you visit the Web site, you'll see the plans for development, which includes more places to dine and several more stores, including Wet Seal, Hot Topic, Buckle, Levi's and Sam's Club. (Ugh. I hate anything Sam Walton....)Yes, there is a Dave & Buster's here, if that's your thing. It's an okay time. Just don't expect to stumble into anything you wouldn't find at Desert Ridge. What else? Oh yes, the music. When you get out of your car, you instantly hear music playing throughout the parking lot. It varies, from Matchbox 20 to tunes you'd hear at a lounge. Even better, every Third Thursday of the month, they offer free live music. (This was also the place for the SoCo Music Experience, which was free admission with great acts like Clap Your Hands Say Yeah and Cold War Kids). I admit it, I do like this place. My only beef would be 1. Traffic and 2. Parking.  It seems they could have done a better job of engineering the traffic flow and organizing the parking lots to reduce the amount of confused stops and cross-traffic turns as possible. But, hey, that's just me thinking down the road - when people begin to swarm this place and neglect to turn their attention on their driving, instead of the racks and aisles of clothes and goodies awaiting them.For me, that's the biggest turn-off. You see, this place offers SO much, it's going to be a mad house, no matter what day or time you go. I've gone in the middle of the afternoon and was shocked to see the parking lot packed with vehicles. So, while I may want to go here, I probably won't. I just can't deal with swarms of shoppers. That's the entire reason I avoid malls and do most of my shopping online. Blasted! But sometimes it's fun to go wander around stores and stumble into a new shirt of pair of pants you can't live without... Come to think of it, why can't people leave a good thing alone? Must there be a Restaurant Row with 10 different places to grab a bite? Must there be stores stacked upon stores stacked upon stores? I mean, it's such a turn-off to know that you're going to have to deal with a ridiculous amount of people on any given day... and that you can't enjoy just walking around the area, exploring boutiques and shops you've never seen. You're always going to be dodging "crazy shopping people" and "big lady purses." Ugh. Just thinking about that makes me want to hide.When in doubt, arm yourself with a map before you venture here.http://www.tempemarketplace.com/marketplace-map/marketplace-map-new.aspxDon't forget your compass!
2	Someone is really going to need to explain to me why there is a trend to long-sprawling outdoor malls with only one level and all the stores facing inward. I park at one end of "The District" and have to walk what seems like 3/4 of a mile or so to the other end to see all the stores, only to find that my choices are now to walk back past the same 3/4 miles of stores or walk alongside the brickwall backs of said stores.Other then Tea Infusion, the Harkins theatre, Dave and Buster's, and maybe the Chipotle I don't think there is any establishment I would frequent in said "District". Not even an Express or French Connection or some clothing store that I might shop at. Why not just go to Fashion Square/old town Scottsdale?BevMo is the only place I found in stores outside the District that I couldn't already just go to at Camelback Colonnade or any mall I've ever visited in my life. They had a great opportunity to build something interesting and of value to the growing professional Tempe community after Cardinals Stadium pulled out, but really, really wasted this space. Except when Girl Talk played in the parking lot.
2	Pluses:- Dave & Buster's- BevMo!- Finally a Barnes & Noble near my homeMinuses- Horrible traffic flow in the parking lot- Often ridiculous crowds, drawn by ??? There's nothing all that unique within this shopping center.This place is awfully disappointing, just a complete clusterfuck when you want to attempt a 10 minute errand, and I don't imagine the parking lot will be any better once the Sam's Club opens.
2	If I were an undergraduate at ASU and/or under the age of 21, I would probably love Tempe Marketplace. It's got a lot of stores that those groups would love to shop in...GAP, Buckle, Pac Sun, Old Navy and Charlotte Russe just to name a few.  Plus there are a lot of restaurants and places to eat, which would be appealing I suppose.The only reason I go to Tempe Marketplace is for Target and Best Buy because they are the closest to my house.  We tried the movie theatre over there last night...big mistake. Not only were there tons of teeny-boppers just walking around and "hanging out" (remember when you went to the mall and movie theatre in middle school and high school just to hang out?? god, I can't believe I ever did that), but parking was horrible, as it is ever time I go to the Marketplace.  Lastly, I don't find Tempe Marketplace walkable for such an "outdoor destination". Old Navy, Pier 1, Target, Famous Footwear are over here and the movie theater, restaurants, and mall type stores are way over there. It is way too spread out to just park once and then walk everywhere you might want to go.
3	I love that Tempe Marketplace is here - it's so convenient to have all of these stores so close to me. The movie theater is brilliant and the list of stores and restaurants is wonderful. It's also in a beautiful area that will only become more beautiful as time goes on. To walk around this mall is also pleasant as it is open and clean and well laid out. Parking isn't the best, but it's not the worst either.So what's wrong? Well, all of the stores are shitty versions of those stores. The Target here sucks... they don't carry jack shit. Same goes for The Buckle - huge store, carries nothing. Go to the location in Chandler mall and see what I mean. Same goes for Best Buy and the rest of the stores in this place... all carrying just a small percentage of what these stores normally carry.I'm hopeful that the stores will start carrying their full stock like their other stores do, but until then - this place just barely earns 3 stars.
4	Pretty nice. Parking somewhat tight but nothing too bad. Common slew of standard shops with a few once i never seen before thrown in for a good measure. Its nice that you walk outside and i think even in the summer its not going to be too bad as it seems there will be plenty of shade. Of course, its super new so everything is nice and clean and all. I would not drive there for miles and miles, but if its somewhat near by its totally worth checking out."I like"Eugene
2	I find myself here nearly every other week because of the Target/PetSmart combo conveniently located by my job. I really loathe it. Overdone design, creepy constant music, the fact that the mall's outdoors, terrible parking lot planning....Oh. And it shoots lasers.Seriously.Lasers! Are you freaking kidding?!? I guess this falls under "overdone design."I have had surprisingly good experiences at the movie theater here, though. There are a lot of teens, but for some reason they seem to misbehave less at Tempe Marketplace than at Chandler Fashion Square. Maybe I've just been lucky.
3	I know why people hate new shopping developments like Tempe Marketplace and Desert Ridge Marketplace - there is something unsettling about creating a place where people walk around and pretend they are actually in an urban area, and not suburbia. That being said, I am a big fan of places where you can go and walk around because, hey, we, as modern folks, do a lot driving and sometimes, there's something nice about getting out of the car and walking around, stopping to shop or eat if you choose. Of course, Mill Avenue is a great place to walk around and certainly features a few more authentic restaurants, but it, too, has very commercialized elements. Until Phoenix has a proper downtown, where diverse groups of people come to explore, feel the pulse of urban life, and experience all that a big center has to offer, people will look for substitutes for this true urban experience in more commercialized locations. If this downtown emerges, shame on the people who still only seek out little suburban havens. Tempe Marketplace is clean, has a few unique store offerings, and has wonderful misters. I may not seek it out often, but I don't have a major problem with its existence.
3	These mega corporate shopping places are not going away anytime soon. I would so much prefer to be walking along a "real" city scape or downtown, but I don't think it's gonna happen anytime soon for us Valley residents.   Whatever, this place is OK  every now and again I guess. I'll try not to patronize the crappy chain restaurants, I swear, just maybe the movies and buy some shoes or something.
3	I find myself here almost every weekend for one thing or another. Enjoy going walking around a little shopping, a movie, lunch.. a drink.. best place in town to for this... which really isn't saying much. Every third thursday have a concert going on - usually by an up coming band or had a hit album 5yrs ago havent done much since  still fun to check out though.
3	Your average outside mini mall.. Typical stores that you'd see in any major shopping area.. American Eagle, Journey's, Target, Old Navy, Best Buy etc.. Have a Movie theatre which I've never been in but looking a the number of people outside of it, its probably always packed.. Restaurants.. they have some decent chains and some ones I've never heard of.. Slices, Chipotle, Dave and Busters, Some steak/BBQ places and a mixture of everything else.. I've never really been there for much.. The thing I like about it is that it is good for quick shopping.. Going to a regular mall can take forever, going to Tempe Market,  If one of the shops is one you need to go to this place has so much parking and ins and outs, makes it so much easier.. So more or less it is good for quick trips, to hang-out.. good if you are in high school or middle school..?
3	I shop here at least once a week.  I live in downtown Scottsdale and this is the closest shopping center that has almost everything I need.  It's convenient, although the mix of stores and restaurants is not remarkable.  Having said that, there is something about the design of this center that bugs me.  The colorful angled architectural "things"  jutting out from the buildings and the large graphics in the parking lots make the place look already dated, and it's brand new!  It reminds me of  Scottsdale Pavilions at Indian Bend and Pima, which has gone downhill dramatically over the years.  It's just kind of cheesy...
1	Dear Tempe Marketplace,This is the most upsetting place I can think of in my immediate vicinity. If I ever commit suicide, it will be here.You really are an easy target, aren't you? Your "authentic" restaurants of every variety aren't fooling anyone.Don't get me started on the unwalkable parking lot that I'm forced to traverse in order to hit Target and the Coffee Bean in the same trip. And for fuck's sake, stop playing '90s top 40 songs in the parking lot. At earsplitting levels. If I wanted to listen to Matchbox 20, I'd do it at home, alone, in total shame, like a normal person. Waste of space, waste of resources, waste of time.But I'll totally be back next week when I need TP or want to see a movie, k? See you then!Sara
1	Little Las Vegas with all their cultural imitation crap, except without the fun.
3	Ok. Outside mall FTL. Second, too far spread out. Now, great place to watch a movie. Cheeburger Cheeburger was fun.  Had a coffee with the wife and sat on the couches outside for a little romanticle evening. Shops are trendy and nice, nowhere I'd shop, but nice.  I don't come here a lot, but when I do it's enjoyable.
3	Nice to sit and people watch for sure... not as much fun if you want to go to Target and either dinner or a movie without moving the car.I do like all the seating areas and water/fire features they have.
1	just. kill. me. now. Heinous parking - even middle of the day! Ridiculous to get around and so crowded it gives me hives. I will travel to the PetSmart on Elliott rather than here just to avoid it. Will bring small child to matinee only - and even then, only during the week. Completely not fun. On any level.
5	OK, I'm sure I am going to get flack for this, but I really like going to Tempe Marketplace.We are not a city like New York or Boston where we have shops and restaurants intertwined with the city. We have shopping plazas and the types of retailers that prevail are corporate chains. Personally I enjoy being able to get a shit load of shopping done in one place. I get pick up stuff for the pooch at Petsmart, get my household items at Target, grab an extra throw pillow at Linens and Things, check out the deals at Ross, grab lunch at one of the many places they have to eat, grab some new bras and panties at Victoria's Secret, check out the latest blockbuster at the movie theater, buy new sunglasses at one of the few sunglass shops, get funky with some new tights from Hot Topic and get some comfy PJ's at Gap Body all while sucking down an iced coffee from Starbucks watching one of the many free live bands they have playing on the weekends.I'm not sure whats wrong with any of that?I agree, parking is a pain, but can you imagine how much worse it would be to have to park, go into any one of those stores, then get back in your car, drive to your next destination, park, shop, return to your car, drive to the next destination.... wash, rinse, repeat.This place gets a bad wrap, but I love it and I'm stickin to that.
1	If you were going to build a shopping center next to a dry river bed, over former garbage dumps, Tempe Marketplace would be the result.The Hastings and Hastings of architecture firms must be responsible for this one:  "We specialize in parking lots surrounded by stores.  Our idea of curb appeal is big, honking steel signs to attract the eye of  people in cars moving 70 miles per hour.  We also work with your community to ensure the drive to our facility is not a straight shot.  If our shopping center doesn't look significantly dated in 10 years, we haven't done our job."My family is tired of me mentioning how much I dislike Tempe Marketplace everytime we pass it on the 202.
3	Mill Ave bars number 2??I would normally give this 2 stars, but the Harkins is the reason why I visit this place.The lasers confuse me and make me think of that Jennifer Lopez song 'Waiting for Tonight'... I wish this place had better stores. A  few cool places that I stop by if I'm there are Tea Infusion, Levis store, and Barnes and Noble.
2	Tempe Marketplace is Desert Ridge's bigger, huskier, more intense yet slightly dumber brother. Made by the same development company, the layout of the place is similar (but worse) to D.R. with "The District" in the center, and the big stores surrounding it, separated by a vast impenetrable wasteland of parking lot. The District is an admirable concept I think. It's like a traditional mall but at least there's an attempt to move forward on it by making it outdoors? That's cool when it's nice out, but when it's 139 degrees out, the misters are in full amazon jungle force. The biggest gripe I have about the place is the layout of the place. The design is horrendous. First of all, it just irritates me how the giant flashy signs face the 202, beckoning unknowing, random passersby to come shop there. Meanwhile, the entire shopping center's fat ass is planted firmly and stubbornly toward Tempe, the city it's supposed to represent. The drive past Tempe Marketplace on Rio Salado features a glorious view of the backs of Pier One and Old Navy and Target's loading docks. It's ugly. And most importantly, it didn't need to be designed that way. Secondly, this place is one of the least pedestrian friendly strip malls in Tempe. Which is shitty because it's also one of the newest. Our planning and development should be propelling forward, not going backward. Does the developer know anything about the city it's in? Does it represent that? If you're going to create a mega structure like Tempe Marketplace, shouldn't it at least vaguely represent the qualities of its city? Tempe Marketplace is impossible to walk around when you're outside The District. If you wanted to, for example, walk from BevMo to Pier One, you must first throw yourself into a the middle of  a harrowing situation. There are no well designed sidewalks or walkways across the meandering, confusing road systems. You must just walk across the parking lot. Between the speeding frat boys in Mustangs and the SUV driving soccer moms who've gotta get to Sport Chalet FAST and have no time for pedestrians, Tempe Marketplace simply does not account for two major facts about its environment, and thus its consumer: people will be walking, and people will be riding bikes. And it didn't need to be designed that way. And then there's Big Brother-esque advertisements that are going on via loud speaker all the time. What's up with that? I love the one with the most anglo sounding chick they can find harping about how great "San Feleep's" cafe is. You can't even pronounce the place's name right and you're doing an ad for it? But the music is hilarious. Sometimes it sounds like a gay club circa 1992 out there. It's like all Whitney and Technotronic. Makes me grin. The good thing is that the Orbit (Earth) goes through T.M. The bad thing is that the Light Rail should have been a bit more accessible. Other than that, hopefully Tempe Marketplace can be an example of what not to do for other developers of similar places in the future.
3	WHY I SHOP HERE:1) PetSmart, closer to where I live (Frou-Frou Cat Food ~ Check)2) Best Buy, closer than Fiesta (Rarely On-Sale DVDs ~ Check)3) Cost Plus World Market, closer than Fiesta & not yet out of business (Coffee Syrups ~ Check)4) Michael's, closer to where I live (Floating Frames ~ Check)To summarize, it's closer to where I live.
2	It's a large strip mall.  You have to drive to stores because if you need something on one end of the 'mall' you're not going to want to walk across the huge surface of blacktop to the other side.But more importantly...what I seriously don't get.  People congregate at this mall on Fri/Sat night like it's a club.  You're shopping, or you've seen a movie, you walk into the main section of the mall--down by the movie theater and suddenly you've walked into a drinking and smoking, obnoxious mob of 30something party people.  Wtf?  Are the bar options in Tempe so bad that a mall-restaurant/bar is as good as it gets?Oh straight people, I adore your quirks!!
1	It is time for an expedition to Tempe Marketplace. What will I need?1.) Earplugs to block out the abysmal 1990s music incessantly blaring from its speakers.2.) A bottle of chilled water to drink while traversing its endless parking lagoon between "District" and "Grande Boxes."3.) An empty wallet so I don't buy all the mass-produced cr#p for sale.4.) A full stomach so I am not tempted by chain restaurants with mediocre food, but amazing "flare."Last, but not least....5.) Airplane tickets to a real "marketplace" in Europe or Latin America for all the consumer drones wandering around this depressing place.Tempe Marketplace, you are a "FAIL."
4	Ok, I've read some of the reviews here and I honestly can't disagree more.  Sure, it's a big, outdoor strip mall.  Yes, there are nothing but chains here but honestly, practically everyone I know shops at Target, Barnes and Noble, or any one of the other hundred retailers that are here.  If you want a mom and pop store, this is not the place to find it.  That being said, Tempe Marketplace is what it is.....take it or leave it.  In California these types of places are fairly commonplace.  I see them here but on a much smaller level than Tempe Marketplace.  The real drawback here is that it is an outdoor mall so who is going to go there in the middle of the day during the summer when it's 115 outside? Not me!!  But the rest of the year, when it's nice....yes, I can see myself meandering around, browsing the stores, having a bite to eat and going to the movies.  I've been here once on a late Sunday afternoon.....lots of folks were eating at the restaurants and going to the movies.  Still more were just walking around window shopping since most of the stores close between 5 and 7 on Sunday.  I liked the Tempe Marketplace so sue me.  The only drawback to me is that it's outdoors and there is no garage parking for when it does get ungodly hot.  I'm sure you could fry an egg in the parking lot in the summer.  I like mine scrambled though.
3	I only came to Tempe Marketplace for the proximity to ASU, since I lived in the dorms. It's pretty nice when you think of it that way- it's closer than AZ Mills, has a Harkins and a Target, the godsend of retail stores for college students (right behind Walmart, of course). But then you come here to actually walk around and shop and it's like, who the hell designed this place?I agree with all the people below about the layout of this place. It plain sucks. It's outdoors and way too spread out. With a capital every letter. The middle part's full of small boutiques and expensive restaurants (except the Chipotle corner). The outer circle has retail stores worth shopping at (Target, Best Buy, Michael's, etc), but they're soooo far out that you would rather waste gas driving to them and finding a parking spot than walking a mile to the outer circle and a mile to every store in the outer circle. Especially when it's the middle of frickin summer and you can feel the heat coming off the ground through your flip flops.Besides the sucky layout, the mall's pretty nice looking- they have a fireplace, water fountain, stage, Harkins, and Dave & Busters (aka the Other Gameworks). They like to play loud music though, to appeal to the college crowd, I guess.
4	To all the bad, over written, over analyzed, reviews of the Tempe Marketplace: Your in f"n Tempe for chr*st sake, get over it.This place is an awesome magnum opus of modern day corporate capitalism - I love it.If you need more stuff and trust me (loooook into my eyes) "you do need more stuff", then this is the place to go.  They have taken every cultural trend that can possibly be squeezed out of our generation and puked it all up into one enormous strip mall. If you can't find something that you enjoy in this place then you are just, simply put, "un-American" (in fact you're probably a terrorist).I could spend my whole weekend at this place.  The flat, hot and boring landscape of Tempe should be absolutely honored to have a place like this to go to. I'm looking forward to my big sushi meal at the Kabuki in about 1 hour' Mmmmmmmm mmmm good... And since I have to walk by almost every store while getting my lost *ss through the well planned labrynth and back to my car I just might stop a bit to spend too much money on a pair of Levis, a couple new super-trendy T's, maybe a pair of Oakleys.  Ooooh! maybe the new Transformers movie is playing at the theatre there.
2	It's an outdoor mall like the Biltmore, but nowhere near as upscale or charming. It likewise attracts a different customer-base, typically a college crowd, high school teenyboppers who can't wait to be the next sorority slut and families with unbridled children running amok. It's one of the newest additions to the shifting mall structure in the Valley, combining that consumerist cluster in the center encircled with an archipelago of boxy stores. The parking lot is a fiasco and confusing in some places. I can't say I really like most of the stores there and the ones I do like have chain stores nearer to my apartment than the Tempe Marketplace. On top of that, I can't stand children and one trip to this shopping spot will make you wonder how the eight-year-old kids of today will run this country in the future. Whining and throwing tantrums to get their way? They seem to have figured out that works on their parents. On the plus side it's clean and modern... and I can't really think of any other pluses.
3	I get the trashy reviews and I would give this place a trashy review if it weren't that it provides a lot of what i need in an attractive manner.  I'd rather go to this Target or World Market than other ones.I really wish this place wouldn't have killed Mill Ave. but I don't hate it that much.  There is simply no beating 'em and there is a must to joining sometimes.  There just are no boutiques selling huge packs of T.P. or flat screens at comparable prices.Gentrified?  Yes.  Too much garish parking lot?  Yes.  Clothing and dry goods? Yes.  Movieplex?  Yes.  Chipotle and Mojo? Yes.
3	Over the past year and a half that this place has been open, I have had enough time to really absorb and think about how to write a review for this place. Each time I have been there, its usually been for the same things, and Ive had, to some degree, about the same experience while I have been there. But, each time I return, I find another reason to either like or hate this place. Like the music selection for this place. Enough music from 1995/Rob Thomas's "smooth Album" to make anyone nuts. and so much more. READ ON my friends, READ ON! Reasons to like Tempe Marketplace: A) They have a great selection of stores here. Target, Michael's, Best Buy, Old Navy and a few others that make me happy. These are just a few of the stores that surround the location! There's more inside! B) Great Movie theatre in here. also, a lot of restaurants to dine out at as well. Yippie! C)They have stages for performances, and its a lot of fun to see bands play on the weekends when the weather is nice. Place is also clean, and I like the decorations and seating options here as well. Reasons to hate it A) HORRIBLE parking and driving is just as bad here. There are about a zillion stop signs and 4 way stops, and if you try to come out of one of the parking lots (like lets say from Barnes and Noble) into the driving part of the road, its impossible to get in and out of that lot, especially on a busy weekend evening. B)This place is so spread out. you literally cant park in front of Target and think your going to walk to Lucille's, or anywhere within reason. Why did they do that? Not all of us want to take that hike to Ruby Tuesdays from Target. Especially when its 115. BAD! C) Last night is a prime example of the "little things" that I keep noticing. I was trying to locate a directory because I was trying to remember what restaurants were in the area and to discuss with the person that was with me as to where we were going to eat. This is a normal course of action that occurs when you go out with others. We walked to a directory area, and it was loaded with advertisements!! NO DIRECTORY. UGH. D) Lastly, THEY PLAY THE WORST OVERHEAD MUSIC AS WELL. If I have to hear one more Matchbox 20/Rob Thomas song while I am here, I am going to yell and scream. Its like 1995 ALL over again. Please put something on from the last 5 years please!
2	I'm glad something was built on the old landfill, but seriously, THIS is what we got?! (If it was like San Tan Village I would be thrilled.) Instead, we get an abomination of a strip mall, with a parking lot that I'm convinced was designed by a drunk 6 year old, and some of the worst big box stores in history. (Who, besides my grandmother, shops at JCPennys and Ross?)There are simply not enough good reasons/stores to go here. It's the worst of suburbia plopped down in a prominent location off the 202 and 101.I don't like being only negative, so I will say that sometimes they have live music in "The district" and I've seen some good local bands.
4	I really like this mall. Its outdoors and high tech. From our lunch at CPK I could watch the Lakers/Celtics game on a big screen television situated in the middle. There are a ton of stores to choose from: Best Buy, Target, and all the regular stores you see in a mall like Hot Topic, Victoria's Secret, and Tilly's. My friend told me that at night there are lasers that go across the whole mall which I think is cool. There is a lot to choose from for nourishment options as well. They play music really loud which was kind of annoying. i can see why over the summer it may not be very nice because of the heat but, on a 70 degree day like today, I liked it. Parking was terrible which is why I was glad I didn't drive. I'll probably end up going back for all my shopping needs.
2	When it comes to shopping, I avoid going to this place at all costs.  Parking almost always sucks, and I guess I don't frequent it enough to know which end to park on to get to the one store I need to visit.  On my most recent visit, I tried using the interactive directory to help me find my way, and it was a miserable failure.  Yeah, it's very cool that it shows your little footprints walking from your current location to your destination, but it doesn't have anything labeled on the rest of the map to give you any sort of point of reference as to which way you should go.  Good idea in theory.  Maybe the next model will be better.  They have a lot of the standard chain sit down restaurants and some standard mall food court type of places but I'm generally not a fan of those so I've never eaten there.The only thing that earns this place an additional star is the little splash pad they have for kids.  I've brought my stepdaughter here numerous times to play and look forward to bringing our little one this summer.
3	Tempe Marketplace probably doesn't deserve to be reviewed, but you know what?  I'm doin' it anyway!There's a lot to be said of the place that sucks, so that's what I'm going to do, right now:1.  As a shopping center, it's not too convenient because you pretty much have to drive everywhere within the center.  The Target is a 10 minute walk from the movies and the Best Buy is a 15 minute walk from the BevMo.  I'm not lazy-ass (okay, I am, but not when it comes to walking), but this is a shopping center, a "marketplace" if you will, things should be a stone's throw from each other.  Considering how the place is laid out, if you do this enough times on foot, you're bound to get hit by a car.  You're going to be like, "Yay, I bought Mario Galaxy 2, now I'm going to get a bottle of--BOOM!!" and you're dead.  2.  I ride my bike everywhere and, yeah, like I said earlier, I'm terrified of getting smacked by a car.  There are no bike lanes and sidewalks that end randomly.3.  Got my bike light stolen there once and I held a grudge.4.  The place reeks of Axe Bodyspray.  There are, however, benefits to it:1.  It's not trashy.  As lame as it sounds, this is really important sometimes.  Sometimes trashy things are delightfully fun, but when trashiness is not applied correctly it can end with terrible things happening (tweekers stripping down naked and crying).  Tempe Marketplace is definitely the kind of place that wouldn't know how to do trashy correctly, they'd end up having some redneck bar where people constantly homophobic things.  Sometimes I appreciate a place where I can bring my mom without having to explain what some graffitied wall said.  "Mom, it's when a man and a man love each other very much...."2.  Most places there to plug your gut are at least pretty okay.  No McDonald's, nothing like that.  Most places you stop into have a pretty decent spread with a bar and you can eat pretty well.  I like that.3.  The combination of having a movie theater and a Dave and Busters is a great one.  You can have a few shots and beers, shoot some zombies in the face and then watch whatever stupid action movie is playing this Summer.4.  Plenty of bike racks.  Even though the place is terrifying on your bike, once you get to your destination, you'll have plenty of places to lock up.It levels out.  I kind of appreciate that it exists.
2	The valley has lots of shopping malls/centers, and they're rather hit and miss, more often being "miss" than "hit." Tempe Marketplace would definitely fall into the "miss" category. First off, the location isn't real great, it's located next to a junkyard practically and it's along an unattractive stretch of highway with not really any scenic views in sight. Secondly, it can get crowded and it's pain to walk around it sometimes and stores are often located far from one another. Also, the stores here are stores you'd find anyway else basically and the same stores here have better locations in other shopping complexes. Lastly, it's a pain to park and drive around Tempe Marketplace's complex. If you live in the area Tempe Marketplace is located in, then you'd probably come here some, but otherwise I wouldn't make a trip here. Seriously, just drive a little bit further to Scottsdale Fashion Square.
4	I'm so surprised to see all the bad reviews of this place. The parking could be better but considering the closest alternative is Mill Ave...I'd say the parking is great in comparison. The idea of an outdoor mall in Arizona sort of bothers me at first. In the summer this place isn't exactly a prime spot but any other season it's perfect. What other outdoor malls do we have? There's Desert Ridge which personally I can't stand. It's full of loud preteens and ridiculous Scottsdale moms. We used to have the Pavillions but may it RIP. The people you find in the Marketplace are a pretty even mixture. You don't see too many college kids or tons of old people. It's equal all around.I don't mind that everythings spread out. When the weathers nice I enjoy walking around (especially at night with all the lights). During the summer you just drive from one spot to another. It's really not that hard. As far as the music goes...it's never really bothered me that much unless it's the holidays.  But I think everyone can relate to getting annoyed by hearing ITS THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME OF THE YEAR, over and over and over again. It's not like they play it that loud anyways unless you're in the parking lot.Overall I think it's a pretty solid shopping center. During the summer, stick to Fiesta Mall. But if it's nice out, enjoy yourself. It's gorgeous and fun!
5	I absolutely love this place and truly wished I lived closer. I am a big fan of outdoor malls and there is something for almost everyone here. I say almost because there is only one store that my husband is interested in shopping in. But...this review is about me not him! ;) For me, I love the mix of more well-known clothing stores and local boutiques. I love that there a number of different restaurants to suit your taste in addition to the cheaper eateries such as Paradise Bakery, Chipotle, ColdStone Creamery, etc. In the summer, they have the misters going and in the winter, it is the fireplace. There is also a Harkins movie theater. Apart from the middle strip of shops, I like that I can hit up a Target, Ulta, BevMo in one stop. Who cares if I need to drive across the marketplace, the key thing is that I don't have to drive across town to find shops that are all in one place...so convenient. I don't get the parking complaints from other reviewers. How is that the fault of the marketplace? There is an over-abundance of parking spots, but it can be hard to find a spot due its popularity. If you are a bargain shopper, you can go to their website and print out coupons for its shops. My husband and daughter got BOGO frozen yogurt from Mojo Yogurt today. There is also a little splash pad in the middle of the shops that is great for the little ones. This is a great place to cover anything you might need.
1	This is a sketchy collection of crappy stores all piled into one mall. We went to Carlos Santana's Maria Maria's which was really in a funky place and out of character for this spot.....tons of low-end chain stores, reminded my of the Auburn (WA) factory outlet mall
3	Well I must agree with the reviews that speak to the fact that 1.) The music there does suck....2.) The parking and driving around the marketplace sucks......3.) If you park at one store and plan to walk to another store you really like forget about that, because the stores are spaced far apart....and finally most of the stores you can probably find right in your neighborhood....so this locale is not worth the hassle.I do however agree that there are great stores there and it is kind of like the desert ridge mall here in the east valley.....minus all the things I said above....LOL.  Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends....just maybe not at this location.
4	I remember my first visit to TMP...a few years ago, construction was still not complete. I met a friend of mine at the main stage to watch Authority Zero play as part of some semi-grand opening celebration.  A few years later I have found myself there a few times to meet friends for dinner, a movie, drinks and a little shopping. I've enjoyed sitting out by their large fireplace especially in the fall through early spring.  I still marvel at the lights as I pass on the 202.  I don't know that enough people appreciate some of the nice spots we have in the Valley...maybe they just take it for granted.
3	A very generous three stars for Tempe Marketplace, only because it's a half mile from my apartment, has Ross, PetSmart, and a movie theater.The rest SUCKS. It's WAY too busy. Whoever designed that parking lot had a serious, fatal case of ADD. Seriously. There are curves EVERYWHERE.AND.... what the F is up with that music? Every time I hear it, I'm just... confused. It's terrible... like elevator music mated with easy listening mated with emo, and then the result of that three way had a bastard child with Justin Beiber... THAT music is the resultant horror.The mall cops make me laugh. They harass me for smoking by the ashtray. This is a pretty simple issue: Don't put an ashtray there if I can't smoke by it (plus I confirmed with mall management that I CAN SMOKE THERE - just not "inside" the open air mall).The stores are trying too hard to be cool, hip, trendy... but (for the most part) don't make the cut. Much like the wanna-be-scene-so-bad-it-hurts bars, actually.Really, I was going to give it one or two stars because it messes up my commute since idiots are always headed there in droves and it's right near my apartment.Then, I thought about the people watching. The sorostitutes at Target buying fluffy pillows and Starbucks, coming out of Best Buy with the cute new laptop their daddy just bought them. The jocks pretending to be badasses at Dave & Busters. The foreign ASU students chittering amongst themselves in a surreal world... ENDLESS POTENTIAL.The entertaining patrons rescued Tempe Marketplace and bought it at least one extra star.-Jessica
1	garbage!!!!! people, parking, & stores!!!!!!!!!! lol, avoid it @ all costs!!!!!!!!!!
4	Most of the stores in the main plaza are target, ross, michael's, pier 1 imports, etc.. but if you walk over to the little strip mall section they have G by Guess, Victoria's Secret, Hot Topic, Aeropostale, Claire's, As You Wish, and a handful of boutiques.. Although the store selection isn't very large I do appreciate the presence of the boutique shops and lesser known chains like Hottie, a Las Vegas based store that sells clothing similar to Charlotte Russe, Forever21, Wet Seal, etc.. This gave me the opportunity to find clothes that 50 other people wouldn't be wearing at school the next day.. I was able to find a really cute crochet swimsuit cover-up so that was exciting because I've been searching for quite some time now, and all the shops that sell swimsuits exclusively charge $50-70 for a cover-up.. I got one for $29 (after tax) at Hottie and it's great! Also, the Tempe Marketplace has live music every Saturday night and during the day they had some kind of entertainment show.. I didn't stick around to watch because there were a bunch of clowns (literally) sitting around and it freaked me out! Seemed like a cool scene though because it was packed with people and tents selling beer [: I might drop by here again next time I'm in town..
5	I love the Tempe Marketplace! So much fun and lively people there. So many shops to check and restaurants to eat at. I will definitely be making more trips here once we move to Arizona.
4	This place reminds me of the Irvine Spectrum.  I like it a lot.  Here's why:+ It's an outdoor mall.  I like walking around in the sun.  When it gets hot, there are tons of misters to keep you cool.+ Easy parking.  There's plenty of parking around the mall.+ Easy access to freeways.  The 101 & 202 freeways are very close.+ Great selection of stores, food court, and restaurants.+ The nightlife is pretty cool.  There are a few bars/restaurants where people hang out and party.Overall, it's a fun place with a great vibe.Return Factor - 100%
4	I really like Tempe marketplace. I think there's a pretty good selection of box anchor stores as well as smaller stores to walk around and shop. In terms of restaurants we haven't been super impressed by anything in particular. The ones I've been to, have only been that one time, haven't gone back for a second round. I think a nice job went into planning the decor. I think the firepits and water features are cool and during the holidays we try to stop by to check out the decorations each year.  We probably visit here mostly for the movie theater and I have a weakness for World Market. A negative for me would be the parking lot plan. There's plenty of parking to be had by all, but the entrance off of Hayden is terrible, exiting there is even worse (having to make a left where Ulta is is just poor planning). Sometimes I don't want to deal and I end up at Pavilions for my Michael's fix.
5	I love this place.  I love the outdoors, perfect location, seems to be eventful and fun. Always a place to go when there is no place to go.Clean, and bright. Modern... I sometimes like to just hang on the couches outside and people watch. It can be fun.
2	This place is a navigation disaster that lacks character. Of any kind.I remember the first time I went to Tempe Marketplace, shortly after moving as it had a lot of things I was needing to pick up to give a sense of home to the new pad. The only thing other than that I remember is that I left so frustrated and mind blown that I needed ice cream therapy stat. If you're headed to the parking lots near Lucille's and what not to head to the main strip of smaller stores, you will probably find yourself not knowing where to park in order to get to the specific store you are trying to access. You will be way off base from where you guessed you were and end up confused and lost and bitter. By that point, all you want to do is get the thing you came for and leave as quickly as possible. You're not going to want to stay and shop and browse or sit by the outdoor fireplace (which is on when it's hot out.. WTF).With that being said, sometimes I still come here. Lucille's is a work favorite. BevMo is a needed stop at times and if I need to run errands at Michaels or Target after work, it's nearby. But those are the only reasons. Tempe Marketplace has become the last place I think of shopping at when I have some time to kill or feel like browsing for a new dress.
4	This place is great if you are planning a day full of shopping, and want to hit just one location.  There are more shops that one can possibly imagine in one place - everything from books, to lingerie,  to...  studded tongue rings!  :-)  I like the fact that there are nice comfy chairs and lounge areas spread throughout, and that they have misters the length of the walkways.  Makes it easy to take a break midway thru the shopping trip.  Definitely a place to go for either gettin stuff done, or if you just have nothing else to do on a Saturday afternoon!
4	Shopping and dining is geared towards teens it seems - in the shopping center area. There are lots of grab and go, fast like food stops and a few actual sit downs in the main hub. The shops outside in the parking lots are more for adults and the perfect place for me to spend a Sunday - Target, Michaels, Petsmart, Ross, ect.
5	I love Tempe marketplace!! cute shops, good eats, cool drinks. Good for just wandering around or sitting and people watching. they also have live music on Fridays and sometimes Saturdays as well.Just a cool set up and cool place to hang out on a nice day or evening.
4	Desert Ridge, Jr is good for what it is. An outdoor mall in Tempe where a couple of major stores, a lot of small ones, and few decent places to eat and drink all come together. Tempe Market Place is the perfect spot to go when you need to go to a couple of stores, but don't want to run all over town. You can even hit up several traditional mall stores, but manage to run in and out much quicker than at the traditional malls. Parking near the The District can be a pain at times, but there almost always spots near the major stores along the outside. I also highly recommend Tempe Marketplace as a good spot for a cheap date night. Between Dave and Busters, the live music on Friday and Saturday nights, the other bars and restaurants, Mojo, and even the Harkins, you can easily spend a couple of hours entertaining someone at TMP.
3	Better than an indoor mall I suppose (except in July). I like the movie theater, Dave and Busters is occasionally fun with the kids, a few of the restaurants are decent (King's Fish House, The Keg, Lucille's BBQ and D'Arcy McGee's), and I always head to The Buckle for my jeans. Avoid the outer ring of big chain stores - the walkable "outdoor mall area" is the place to be.
5	I work close to this place so that's why i give it 5 stars.  Mostly for convenience.  On a hot summer day they have misters everywhere.  It's a place you can hang out with friends, bring a date, or bring the kids.  A great place to eat, hang out or shop.  I go all the time.  At least 3 times a week.  They have pretty much all the stores you look for in a regular mall.  Its clean and kept up with very well.  They also have a harkins theatre for going to the movies.  It's also in a great location next to the major freeways.  PLUS PLUS PLUS
5	In my opinion, this is one of the better attractions in the Phoenix metro area. When people visit, this is definitely one of the places I take them to. There is a really large variety of activities to do here. The main attraction is shopping. There are lots of great shopping places to go here. Then when you've expended all your energy having fun doing that, you can grab something to eat to replenish yourself at one of the surrounding restaurants. They have everything from good ol' cheap, good food to more expensive, higher-end dining. BUT here is the things that Tempe Marketplace offers that other "malls" usually do not. There is a main stage where a band is playing almost every night (every weekend night at least). Plus, there are fire pits, a kid's water fountain/area and seating for people to just hang out.The winter season is one of the best times to come here. There are usually lots of fun events. The past couple of years it will "snow" at 7pm. The fire pits are also a great place to socialize when it's chilly out. I usually like to grab a tea (from Tea Fusion) or a coffee (from Starbucks or Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf), sit next to a fire pit and listen to the live music.Overall great place to go!
3	Similar to Desert Ridge.  All the typical chains are here. I like the Jimmy John's for a quick lunch.
2	It is another mall.  After decades of malls giving up on the open air format, the fresh air model is back.  It is nice and clean.  One odd thing happened to a friend, his daughter was almost kidnapped here.  Guy just grabbed her hand, and started walking off with her.  Middle of the mall area, very brazen, so always be careful.
5	This place has alot of stores I love to shop at. I can spend the whole day looking down the main mall area then onto the stores surrounding it. Just sucks the restrooms are way out of the way, best places, near mojo yogurt, barnes&noble, and paradise bakery.. hahaOn the weekend they have local bands playing on the stage and the night owls come out to play... so its fun for everyone..Only thing I question is the signs you see around the marketplace..........Why are there only white people in them?
5	yes, i've heard this place "killed" mill ave, but even before it opened, it was impossible to walk down mill ave without getting almost run over by a dreadlocked white dude on a skateboard or stepping around dozens of stanky kids panhandling for money, waiting on mom to come pick them up in her Lexus.tempe marketplace, although a bit garish, offers a safe place for people to go, sit and lounge, and shop at chain stores. which in a way, is simply kind of nice to go there at night and actually see people out and about, whether they're buying anything or not...unlike cenpho which for a big city is a huge disappointement. i digress. there are several lounging areas, some cool firepits and water features. there's ambient music, a lighted water fountain to play in. there are free shows every week and any number of chain eateries, from full on restaurants to coffee or ice cream. there's also a movie theater. when the weather is nice, it's just a neat place to go to. simple enough.
2	Tempe Marketplace has gone down hill. It's always been impossible to navigate, and the crowds seem to grow and grow.It's a cool concept but nothing really "wows" me about this place. The stores are typical; it takes three times longer to find what you're looking for, especially since the digital directories are frequently broken. Aside from the navigational clusterfuck, it's gotten really dirty. I don't feel incredibly safe with the loiterers and drunks that hang out by Dave and Buster's and Cadillac Ranch either. If I were to do an outdoor mall I'd head over to Scottsdale Quarter or Kierland instead.
3	Tempe Markeyplace? Bah! I won't even spell it right it's not even worth the time! So hot in the summer let me tell you, only come here at night. We were wandering around not sure of what the heck to do because it is basically an outdoor mall with all of the same stores. True it is a great place to people watch but do I want to sweat like an animal especially when I'm trying to look hot in my new clothes? Billy is pretty right on the money about everything, but when is he not?
5	I really like this outdoor mall! Tempe Marketplace has some nice stores, good restaurants and a Harkins. My only issue with this mall is parking..it's always packed, but I don't see that many people walking around.
4	Dang I love Tempe Marketplace. They have it all, a huge plethora of stores to choose from for your every need. The place is kept clean, they always have visible security and there aren't ever a bunch of homeless kids running around being ab noxious. From the upscale steakhouse to the pottery painting store, I love Tempe Marketplace.
4	The layout of the parking lot is not that great especially the first intersection you come to entering from McClintock.  The stores are good though and there is good variety to satisfy most of your needs.  Clean shopping center with good stores.
4	Tempe Marketplace is a modern, clean outdoor mall with a variety of stores. For example, there is Target, BestBuy, Barnes and Noble, and Harkins Theaters. There are also a few different restaurants, including California Pizza Kitchen, Kabuki, and Red Robin. I go to Tea Infusion on every visit to get a drink before continuing with plans.Look for shaded parking in the corners/joints of the large lots near planted trees. This market gets crowded on the weekends, so you may have to park away from the popular stores and getting in/out of the market is slow. Either way, you may need to walk across the large lots if you are going to stores that aren't in the same sector of the mall.I prefer this mall to others in the area and tend to go there whenever it has what I'm looking for.
4	Tempe Marketplace is pretty great. There are a lot of good food options (and some laughably bad food options), a decent mix of stores and boutiques and a really nice movie theatre. I live close by so I'm around pretty often, whether it's to grab a quick bite, hit up the Target or do some shopping.If you're expecting a mall, you'll be disappointed. It doesn't offer the department stores and options that a full fledged shopping mall does, but it has some options that you won't see at a mall (Best Buy, Pier 1, Old Navy, Cost Plus World Imports). There are good fast and slow food options, including The Keg, Red Robin, Smashburger, Lucille's BBQ, CPK, Paradise Bakery and Chipotle. There are bad restaurants too, so there are places to avoid (Cadillac Ranch, Darcy McGee's). There's also a Dave and Busters if you have 3 hours to waste and want to play some games. It's really nice to be able to park and walk around outside and shop when it's not too hot. You can also kill an entire day here if you want to, with lunch, shopping, a movie and then dinner. You've got options for stuff to do, and enough shopping to keep you happy.
5	can't believe how quiet it was today, sunday morning after black friday. i parked my car and walked to several stores to get all my christmas gifts (granted, mostly gift cards, but...) and didn't have to drop any knees or elbows to rabid grannies and bargain hunters to get my goods!
5	Of all the outdoor malls in Phoenix (and I've been to a lot of them), Tempe Marketplace is the best! It's a one stop shop for all of your needs.If you're hungry, Tempe Marketplace has a great selection of places to dine on. If you're looking to sit down and enjoy a romantic meal, head over to Kabuki's for sushi. If you just want a quick bite to eat, there are several places that are steps from the state of the art Harkins movie theater that you'll enjoy. And maybe you're in the mood for ice cream, froyo, or coffee afterward? Tempe Marketplace has that too.If you're into shopping, you can't go wrong. From the casual Target or Ross to the upscale Gap and Tiffy's, you'll find a pair of pants that's just right for you.And if that's not enough, they've got several outdoor fireplaces, a splash pad for the kiddos, and a large stage that plays live music.Check out Tempe Marketplace, you won't be disappointed!
4	Pretty nice "outdoor" mall. Went here twice in one day lol...on accident. Visiting the family for xmas vacation and of course shopping is non existent where I come from so this was a suggestion from my cousin since she lives in the area.We were looking for an Ulta, but then got caught up at Ross, Steinmart and World market. and Pier One. We also made our way into the actual marketplace to the G by Guess store then bath and body works...and then went home.Later that evening everyone wanted to go the the movies, me and my lil sis wanted to go shopping instead and set out to do just that while everyone was at the movies. So we went back here a second time when it was dark and saw the rest of the mall. Little fires, nice fountains, it was a nice little area.We went shopping (victoria secret, charlotte russe, pretty cookie cutte selection of stores) and then went and had a drink at Cadillac Ranch. Pretty familiar with Cadillac Ranch as they have one in my home town but this place has some other choices like sushi and a pub and some cantina place. The variety of stores are your usual cookie cutter type selection, nothing out of the ordinary but it was nice to have a drink and walk around with the ambiance.
5	I have long liked Tempe Maretplace since it has opened.                                                 It is a good location, lots of parking all around. Since when live in the extreme heat it is a bit nice that it is outdoors.              There is a major selection or stores ,restaurants and services here.  My girlfriend likes it as well. So it is a win win set up. They are decorated really well and they have a multitude of events here. Even a Barnes and Noble,which bookstores are not that easy to come accross now days.
4	While parking is a doosey at times, the atmosphere is wonderful.  I love the outside fireplaces, cushey chairs, and water features.  A nice stroll for the day.  Great stores although it can stand a few more restaurants.
4	I think tempe marketplace is A-OK. Definitely.I dont mind dave and busters and i do not mind san felipes as far as a night out.Shopping here is definitely better than west gate for sure.  Love the customer service in Levis and Victorias Secret Sometimes.  Tempe marketplace always has something you can do especially if you are bored.  Reading, Groceries, Movies, Food, Clothes, Yogurt, Tea, Coffee, Alcoholic beverages store, MAKEUP and Hair Stuff?! YES YES AND YES!
5	Five stars because this place is awesome and has a little of everything. Not very many other places can you go with you find a really nice outdoor mall anchored by a movie theater with big box stores surrounding it like Target, Best Buy, and Michaels. The concept is simply perfect. The mall area is very nice and has a pretty good, typical selection of stores with more than plenty to eat and more than enough parking for everything. I love the lasers on Target and Best Buy at night too. It's such a simple pointless effort, but I appreciate it so much. I'm a huge fan of Tempe Marketplace, and and extra plus, it's right off the 202 Red Mountain Freeway. But thenagain, isn't everything in this city off the freeway?
4	This mall has always been enjoyable to me and I was so glad that Tempe finally had a spot for shopping that wasn't a snobby Scottsdale mall or a ghetto Tempe Outlet Mall (like AZ Mills).I honestly don't usually come here to necessarily shop, but I do enjoy walking it and window shopping and people watching.  If I do shop while I'm there, it's because I see something I like, not because I purposely went there to buy something... though I usually always shop at the stores outside the mall (ie. Penzey's, World Market, RoadRunners, etc) and I do have to admit the mall itself has a crap-load of selection for whatever type of shopping you want to do.The walk around the mall is great and perfectly shaded most of the time and when it's hot, they have misters and outdoors music that is calming enough to not notice the 100+ degree weather.  I really, really like their sitting spots - comfy couches and sectionals for hanging out.. reading, etc and heaters or fireplaces for when it's cold (or misters and fountains for when it's hot) and a good, relaxed yet lively ambiance around you.  There's a theater, so that's another plus and they have a decent selection of places to eat (I like the Irish pub and CPK).I'm SO glad that there aren't any Tempe Trash (as I affectionately call the homeless college dropouts that litter Mill Ave's walking areas) at the mall.. I'm glad the mall has sufficient security to keep them out because you bet I'd stay away like I stay away from Mill Ave.
3	This is just another huge outdoor mall that could be mistaken for desert ridge or west gate.  Expect quick service food and a few nice dining options with several chain stores.  They have the splash pad for kids and a great fireplace and outdoor seating to so its a great meeting place for families.
3	Depending on the time of day you get here will determine your parking situation. Depending on the day of the week will also determine your parking situation. Decent amount of shops, restaurants etc.  I have been here numerous times but last night for some reason it smelled as if there was sewer backed up somewhere. It smelled AWFUL out there. Blech. All in all, not a bad place to come if you are in the area and want to do a little shopping to boot!
3	The place is incredible but they need like a shuttle to get you around that place rather than having to deal with the parking. and turn off those ridiculous fires!!! when its 100 degrees outside that looks ridiculous! even if its for ambiance!
3	An outside mall in Tempe unlike any other, this place is pretty good.  Comprehensive in the offerings from Target to Old Navy, Dave and Busters, Cadillac Ranch, the list goes on and on.They have a good selection of places to eat and a pretty decent selection of the most popular retailers (AE, Victoria's Secret, Hottie, Oakley etc) and even a Harkins.  They also do well having misters for those hot summer months.  What this place does not have is good transportation within the different and spread out areas, like a trolley or golf carts etc. Aside from that, you can spend the day and enjoy some retail therapy, good eats and even some family time in the splash pad and different kid stores around.
4	Always a nice place to have dinner and walk around while I am in the area. Many stores, bars, and restaurants to choose from
3	I really have nothing bad to say about this place. I always come at night so I have yet to experience any of the parking dilemmas I've read about. I live by and have experienced the parking horrors of Camelback Colonnade.It's not really fair to compare the two because Tempe Marketplace has most stores one would need to warrant a trip out there. I can only say that I can hit Target or Barnes and Noble easily enough and have been in and out in a reasonable amount of time.No complaints and pretty convenient when there are multiple stores I want to hit,
5	Tempe Marketplace has everything you need in a shopping plaza. A movie theater, coffee shops, restaurants, higher-end clothing stores and stores where you can find good deals. There's also big retailers like Target, Best Buy and Ross.
4	A good hub of every chain store known to mankind in one spot. A few local favorites. They host live events and concerts and is good to loiter with friends and find things to do. Plenty of shopping, bars and fun.
5	This place have everything So good
4	I do like this place, but not so much when it is busy. Just because, the driving is a bit crazy. There are no lights just , 4 way stop signs. Which could really led to an accident. It is very hot in the middle of the day to walk around here.However, it is very nicely decorated outside and i really like it in the winter. We came here last night for dinner. Ruby Tuesday. They do have a lot of nice  places in here, just some times difficult to get to.  Check it out but, maybe when it is cooler.
3	This is a nice big shopping center. I love the great selection of stores and the wonderful Barnes and Noble. Petsmart is convenient and a great place to adopt sweet pets and this place is decorated beautifully for the holidays.I don't think parking is that convenient here, though.  It's brutal in the summer parking so far and having to walk through the big sunny parking lot that's why I didn't give it a 4 star.
3	Plenty of parking, plenty of places to eat and if you want to sit by a warm fire in the winter they have a few giant gas burning fire places.  I think it adds a lot of ambiance to the place.  At the end of the day, it's an outdoor mall.  We go mostly to see a movie or to Barnes and Noble while waiting for our movie.
4	Big big fan of Tempe Marketplace - especially when it's not 110 degrees outside. I go here to see movies and with the assortment of clothing stores, Target, BN, and a great variety of food choices, I'm very satisfied. There's even live music on the big stage sometimes. It does get crowded, but what popular place doesn't?And, if you're looking for a place to drink that isn't Mill or Old Town Scottsdale, TMP can definitely hold its own with a couple great places to grab a cold one with sometimes ridiculously good specials. I just wish they had a few more laid back bars, and not just restaurants with big bars in them.
5	Ive always liked TMP , its fun , open and lots to choose from.  you got your clothing stores, so lots of shopping. You can also stop by and have some lunch/dinner and even a few cocktails along the way.  I think its great for the family and also a good time for a first date. One evening I went to dave and busters and had a blast, had a few drinks and food. than moved on next door to the San Felipe bar which is fun and open.  nice patio and cool people.  overall a great experience everytime I go.  Defenitely check out this place and support it.
4	I love Tempe Marketplace! Convenience, variety, restaurants, shops and a movie theater- what else could you need! My favorite stores are BevMo, Target, PetSmart, Tilly's, Victoria's Secret, Buckle, American Eagle, Chipotle, ... ok so I have a lot of favorites! I even "won" two tickets to the Cirque du Soleil show, Kooza, from Tempe Marketplace. I use the term "won" loosely because you had to spend $150 in one day and bring the receipts to the office to claim the tickets. Well of course I can spend that much.. probably in an hour! HA There is a huge parking lot, but you still may have to walk a little ways to the stores on busy days like weekends or during Christmastime. If you hate dealing with parking lots, there are buses that run to Tempe Marketplace and it's close enough to ride a bike from some local neighborhoods. Because the layout is open with separate individual stores, it does get pretty hot when walking from store to store in the summer. They have mister machines or you could stop into San Felipe's for a margarita to cool off!
3	Tempe Marketplace, Desert Ridge Marketplace, San Tan Village... I dunno whose bright idea it was to build outdoor shopping malls in the nations hottest state but I hope they're done.  It's just not fun building up a sweat while you walk from store to store to try on clothes, quite frankly, it's gross.  They do offer misters along the walkway but I think that makes the situation worse... like more humid and they're so high that you're not getting cooled off, just frizzy hair.  The good thing about San Tan is you can drive around, find the store you're looking for and  then park.  This mall, you have to park and hope you're in the vicinity of the store you need. Also, there is a small splash pad that was packed with kids.  I was tempted to walk straight through it but it smelled like poop.  I'm sure it doesn't smell like that everyday but it made me wonder how often the splash pad gets sanitized.
3	I'm kind of torn on what to give Tempe Marketplace review-wise.  I like the selection of stores and restaurants, there's a theater here, and a plethora of parking spots.  What I'm not a fan of is that it's so spread out here that sometimes to get to one store from another, you have to get in your car and drive there rather than just walking.  Part of the reason why is because some of the stores are on a very large scale, like PetSmart or Target.  Once you find parking, it can be a headache to get out of here in high traffic times.  Also, like many people have said before in previous reviews, even with those misters outside, it can be still quite unpleasant walking outside to go shopping when it's scorching hot in the summer.
4	Been here a few times now and I love the couches and fire places at night. I think it is a fantastic area to be able to do so much at once. Shopping, eating, Dave and Busters, a theater with a cine capri, etc. After all that fun I love grabbing a coffee and sitting in front of the fires and relaxing. I am guessing the better the weather gets this place is going to be packed, all my visits have been this summer. I also saw a splash pad for the little ones to have fun in. The whole place looks well maintained and I will be back soon!
4	I got my walking AND my sunshine in for the day!  It felt like a mile from the end where I parked to the Target area.
4	This is an open-air mall.  Unlike most malls which are totally enclosed, this mall is outdoors.  In the outdoor area they sometimes have "events".  The Batman "Tumbler" was there for a day once, we've heard concerts here, and this last visit they had a sculling team there with their boat.They have many of the usual shops (American Eagle, Gap, Aeropostale, Victoria's Secret, etc).   The Harkins Theater hear is pretty nice.  We like the Genghis Grill for food (see my review of them).  The Paradise Bakery is nice also.  There are several other eateries here, but we haven't tried most of them yet.  However, several choices are available.This is a nice mall to just wander and shop, and eat and drink, and enjoy whatever is going on.
5	I love Tempe Marketplace and frequent it regularly.  It has many dining, shopping, and entertainment options.  It is an outdoor mall and in the summer there are misters and in the winter heat lamps and a large fire pit.  It has stores that are usually only found in malls such as Tilly's, American Eagle, and Victoria's Secret, but also freestanding stores such as Target, Best Buy, and Ulta.  There are a large variety of restaurants and a Harkin's Movie Theater as well.  It is a great place to hang out with friends and see the local night life!
4	I used to describe Tempe Marketplace to tourists as "a large, outdoor mall with a little bit of everything, including over 25 restaurants" (I was trying to sell them on coming here rather than make me drive them all the way to Arizona Mills...that's another story).  At first they'd gasp that I'm recommending they walk around outside in between stores!  Then somebody would remind them that 10 months out of the year, the weather is great for that.  And during those other two months, there are misters aplenty.To address a previous review regarding needing to drive from one side to another due to how spread out it is: aren't all malls that way?  There's the main building, but the stores and restaurants surrounding the mall "campus" (like Target, Red Lobster or Holiday Inn) are outside the radius of the main parking lot.  If anything, I think TMP solved that; the outside stores are in a strip forming an L shape around the SW side, and the more mall-esque area is in the middle, away from parking.  Other random restaurants are dotted throughout the North end of the mall.  The selection of stores and food is vast.  Seafood, sushi, burgers, dessert, steak, Mexican, alcohol, and more.  There are big stores like Target, JC Penny and Michaels, lots of smaller boutique clothing stores, and several random shops.  The Harkins there is great, and is home to the Cine Capri.All around, it's a great marketplace for Arizona!
2	Not as many stores as I was anticipating... the crowds were horrendous, too. Vehicular ingress/egress needs some work. Poorly planned.
4	I love coming to Tempe Marketplace...I just HATE the traffic.  Last night, it took me 15 minutes to get into the parking lot from the light on McClintok and Tempe Marketplace .  That does not include the other 10 minutes it took to get a parking.  Other than that, the place is great.  Huge variety of stores, bars, restaurants and the movie theater is ginormous!Public restrooms are clean which is a huge bonus.We enjoyed some frozen yogurt on the couches in front of the fire by Barnes and Noble while listening to some guys perform.  (Very talented guys as well).
1	This could have been a great shopping center. The parking/road layout sucks (similar to Desert Ridge), but the store selection is decent. Unfortunately, this place is riddled with ASU trash. The parking lot is like driving through downtown LA during rush hour - you will risk your life going from point A to B, on foot or in your car.
3	Theres a large part of me that hates huge shipping centers like this with a passion. Driving by it on the 202, you just see huge, distracting neon lights and my first thought is "tacky". The days of strolling down main street, window shopping while licking at an ice cream cone from the local ice cream soda pop shop then deciding to catch a flick at the local movie house are done. Now we pull into football sized parking lots to wander like zombies in shopping plazas full of Bed Bath and Beyonds or Victoria's Secrets, Starbucks and Coldstones. Then to stumble, numbed, into an AMC to watch some horrible blockbuster made by a film studio who's sole purpose is to rake in the cash. Sigh.
4	Bring your student I'd and save some money - love it at harkins, dave and busters, and of course the no which(sandwich in ledduce) at Jimmy Johns
4	Good restaurants, good shops and a great movie theater. I like coming here to catch the acoustic bands near the Barnes & Noble. The parking and traffic can be a nightmare on the weekends, so just be careful.
4	This is a cool marketplace! They have all kinds of different stores, to where you can travel to one place and get a lot of shopping done. Keep in mind its pretty large so you may have to walk, but get some exercise, don't be lazy! I really enjoy that they have misters on during the summer time. It's hot here in AZ so you get a little cool off as your shopping. They have a few different options to eat, a couple bars, lots of different shops and little kiosks. They have big stores like Target, Harkins Theatre and an Old Navy. Each time I come here everything is nice and kept clean, parking is rough though so if you are coming just to shop be prepared you may have to walk.
4	I really like Tempe Marketplace. I always come here to see movies at Harkins. I also frequent the Stone Cold Creamery. It is a nice open air mall. If you know where to park it isn't too bad. There have been a few times where I have had to hunt for a spot but those were on busy days or holidays. I have been to a few of the restaurants and they are good too. There are a few I have been meaning to try like Lucille's BBQ.I like to come here and hang out. They have some good outdoor seating and good people watching. It is also just nice to wander around.
4	My second favorite mall in Arizona! I prefer San Tan because it has all of my favorite stores (Best Buy, Dicks, Apple, and American Eagle) I like Marketplace because it's big and you can just walk around without having to go to the stores. It's pretty at night with the lights and sometimes they have a band playing by D&B.
4	Pros: Lots of great choices for shopping, Cons: The parking is terrible.Even though there are other locations for a lot of the stores located here that are closer to my place I enjoy being able to get it all out of the way in one location.
5	To be perfectly honest, this "marketplace" is nicer than most AZ malls I have been to lately.I.E. Metrocentre... YIKES!It has some basics and some nice shops to check out while waiting for a movie. So I don't see the problem. Plus, free public music acts are an awesome touch.  Where else do you see that? (Okay other malls but not many and not as often).Good job Tempe Marketplace.
5	I love Tempe Marketplace, and so do a million other people! The shopping, food selection, and movies makes it a great place for a night out.Since there are always so many people here, it makes parking a nightmare.
5	I love the wide range of options at this marketplace!! I prefer this place over the majority of the malls in the area. We live close to San Tan Village (similar concept), but Marketplace does it better. Many more options and big name stores! Makes for a nice outing in this beautiful fall weather - lots to look at even if you don't want to spend money!
4	As far as Shopping Centers go, Tempe Marketplace is pretty great. Since we have the luxury of great weather in Phoenix, locals (and snowbirds alike) can rejoice in getting some Vitamin D while shopping at this outdoor mall.The selection of stores, while limited, are the good ones anyhow.The atmosphere is fun, spirited, and lively. Maybe because it's close to ASU, there are fun places to have a drink(s), and you have a Harkins you can pop into for a little cinema magic? All I know is, I'm a fan. For those of you wanting a low key vibe, spend a few hours in the bookstore.One last thing...the Target here stays open later than other locations (11pm). Bing bang boom!
4	Tempe Marketplace is one of the nicer malls/outdoor malls in the metro Phoenix area. I remember when it first opened and how nice it was with a wide variety of new things to eat and places to shop at. While some of the restaurants and shops have changed, Tempe Marketplace has stayed well-kept and all around a great place to go to meet with friends/family for food, shopping, and entertainment. I like coming here on the weekends to enjoy a movie. Sometimes I'll grab a bite to eat before or after. Sometimes I'll go shopping. Either way, it is one of the nicer shopping destinations and I'd recommend it.
4	Many stores, eateries, and the Harkins Theater occupy Tempe Marketplace. There's so much to do and see here! Only drawback I have is parking can get pretty crazy here on busy days and weekends. This is one of the coolest open-air shopping complexes I've ever been to and will keep going back for various reasons.
4	This outdoor mall located in Tempe is amazing!Pros: almost every store you could wish for, great variety from food to clothes to coffee and tea. Or if you prefer catch an afternoon matinee. Con: parking lot is confusing and during Christmas season stay far away as it is always too packed.
2	Awesome place if you want to almost get hit by a car. An 8 year old can put together a more functional parking area.
4	Tucked away in a secret part of Tempe is the little known Tempe Marketplace. Taking a walk through this quaint little shopping center, you'll find boutique shops like Target, BestBuy, Sport Chalet, Pier1 Imports, and JCPenny. If you search long enough you'll find the small entertainment venues, Dave & Buster's and Harkins Theatres. Say you're hungry too? Well that's no problem, swing by one of the cozy cafe's such as Chipotle, SmashBurger, Portillo's, The Keg, and Ruby Tuesday.Yes, Tempe, this is the spot where you go when you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the mall experience, you're looking for relaxing window shopping, or a nice quiet evening out with your significant other.If you fully believed what I've just told you, then I've got a bridge I can sell you in Brooklyn also. Starting at just $10,000 - I'm taking best and final bids this week. Happy Yelping Phoenix, hopefully a little sarcasm is not completely lost on you. :-D
4	This is a really cool place to visit, especially if you're visiting from out of town (or state in my case). I initially thought this was just another typical shopping area, but I was quite amazed at its size, restaurant selection, and store variety. What I liked most about this place is how there was outdoor seating. I'm not talking just about tables and chairs, but there were sofas under large umbrellas. The area by the movie theater even had a cool fireplace looking thing. A lot of the natives recommended this place, and I can see why. I would recommend this place as well since it has a lot more going on than one would expect.
4	I come to TMPquite often usually to run in and out at high speed to a few of my favorite places like Cost plus World Market, Pier 1, or just needing to go to TCF Bank, or a froyo fix, all conveniently located on one end and all during my lunch hour. (plus driving through is a bit chaotic and confusing due to the set up) It wasn't until last night that I realized how awesome this place really is. After grabbing a quick bite to eat, then a coffee, seeing a movie, then strolling down to my favorite yogurt shop Mojo I'd not noticed how many stores, places to eat and even how beautiful a place to hang out TMP is. Perhaps I was caught up enjoying a relaxed evening and that now it is decorated for the holidays(of which I'm hoping some of the lights remain) with the outdoor fireplace going an fountains flowing it was an enjoyable atmosphere. Since I have little time or desire to shop, it just hadn't occured to me that TMP offers so much more. As we enjoyed our ice cream outdoors and had strolled around, I noticed people hanging out playing cards, sipping coffee in cushioned chairs, sitting by the fountains and the fireplace, no hurried holiday hustle to grab some random gift of which with many stores there are plenty but all just enjoying a fun place to hang out. I then remembered that  TMP  on occasion has outdoor concerts and during the summer I have taken my princess and her cousin to the splash pad to play( brillaintly located in front of Mojo) Tempe Marketplace is more than just your one stop shop, it's a cool place to be!
4	Love this place as it has great variety of stores and food places. I hate the 4 way stops though as people have no clue as to how to use them
2	I avoid this mall.  I hate parking here, and trying to get in and out is always a hassle.
4	Closest big box shopping center to me and there isn't much to dislike. All the important shops you could wish for (Best Buy,Gap, Michael's, Old Navy, Target,etc). They definitely need or could use and H&M seeing that you have ASU right next door. I'm sure that will come when the economy picks up. It's my go to place to see movies with the Harkins having one of the few Cine Capris in the state (the other being the Harkins 101 on the opposite side of town).Food wise there is really something for everyone there (burgers at Smashburger, Genghis Grill with the build it yourself meal that I really like, Chipotle, Paradise Bakery and Jimmy Johns if you're feeling like a sandwich). As for the negatives, like any big shopping center, you're going to have crowds and it can sometimes be tough to find parking spot if you're going to see a movie at Harkins. You have to kind of go into  "parking wars" mode but I really can't complain and with the addition of Portillo's (that I haven't tried yet but that everyone swears by) it keeps on adding good venues.
4	I love it here and I frequent this place almost daily.  The only negative I can think of is the parking layout and layout of the roads.  Someone was on drugs when they designed this place.
4	Love coming here too visit some of my favorite stores.  The Old Navy here seems bigger and more organized, the World Market, oooooo Stein Mart, JC Penny's and my OCD favorite Charming Charlies.  A bunch of food choices too!!! Parking can be a little crazy sometimes but hey - its a shopping center.  The Target there is ALWAYS busy too.  Take a few minutes and head into the Penzey's Spices store - pretty cool & inspires me to cook!!  Easy to get here and easy to spend a lot of time here if your a shopaholic like me!
4	One of my favorite malls. Lots of fun stores, restaurants and activities.I gave 4 stars merely because this mall is hard to shop at during the summer and some of the major department stores and retailers are located far from the mall itself, so you have to drive and re-park a few times to hit all of your favorite stores. Otherwise, it's great!
3	I really love coming to Tempe Marketplace. I really do. When I think of going to see a movie, I immediately think of this spot. For the most part, Tempe Marketplace has a ton to offer, but it is still not the best Mall of All...as they would say. Lets shop around and explore Tempe Marketplace:~What To Do~A lot of shopping options are available, from groceries at Target to clothes at Ross...They have specialty stores like Hi-Health or BevMo. They also have your Run-of-the-mill usual mall shops along the main walkway, with stores like Gap and Bath & Bodyworks. Finally, as for restaurants, they provide a bevvy of options, from Asian, Fro-yo/Ice Cream, as well as a couple separate bars. Finally, they have the Harkins here which has a Cine Capri...my favorite theatre in town!~The Good~There are a number of major bright spots, mostly coming by way of the movie theater, which is well run and always has the right start time for whichever movie I want to see. One of my favorite bar treats is the Thirsty Lion Pub and Grill, which offers nicer bar fare as well as wide variety of craft brews. The make-up of the entire center is conducive to what you are looking to do. The Marketplace is spread out enough that you will be able to find parking wherever you go...save for the back entrance near the movie theater on a Friday/Saturday night. The shear amount of options available to the patron is also a bright spot, much alike most outdoors malls these days. The best thing to note is that there is something for everyone, heck they even have Dave & Busters for the kids if they want to play games while you go drink at San Felipes!~The Bad~San Felipes. =haw= I love digging into them. Horrible service, waitresses who only cater to the males, and drinks that come from packages and pack so much sugar that it will give you type 3 diabetes.... that's right, type 3. Service there blows, so that's a consistent for you. Also, parking can blow on weekends when you want to go somewhere specific. I like to walk so it doesn't bother me, but it sure bothers my fiance. Another low-spot are the few stores that have boarded up of recent.  It sucks when a store shuts down, even if you had never gone in before. Seeing a bunch of stores boarded up is exponentially worse. The entertainment zones vary along the main walkway, so some stores have made while others have fallen. Hopefully they can get it together and figure out how to retain the right tenants.~The Downlow~Great spot to blow a few hours of time before seeing a movie. The bar options (besides San Felipes) are serviceable, and the ability to pick and choose a specialty store is nice. It is on par with most outdoors malls here in the valley, hence the 3 star rating. Its just like most, no major distinguishing factor besides the theater. We are lucky to live in this town which offers such nice options to kill time...I think we take this for granted. Anyway, 3 stars overall, above average for most malls you'd go to nationwide, but just par here. They definitely need to nuke San Felipes. I'd suggest a military takeover; the incentive is they can procure all the liquor and sugar, which they would probably have to destroy. Who is with me!!?!??! FOLLOW ME! FOLLOW ME TO FREEDOM!
3	How much do I hate your parking lot? So so so so so so very much. That alone should be a 1 star, but you have fun stores and good places to eat and make for a nice place for date night or walking around with the family so I guess it averages out.
5	Love this place. Always something new. Changing all the time. Very user friendly. Also lots of fun shopping. Good food every where. Live intertainment. Even the security was helpfully.
4	This is by far my favorite mall in Tempe (AZ mills feels really dirty) my main complaint is that awful sandwich place Jimmy Johns.  I had to wait 45 minutes for a COLD sandwich to be delivered to my house a couple months ago and for a place that prides themselves on being "freaky fast" I think that's absurd.  That's another story and I already gave them a scathing review.  I love the jewelry at Charming Charlie's especially.  There is also sometimes live music, which is a nice touch and very charming if the groove is right.
4	STAY AWAY during holidays!!! Especially if you have claustrophobia, or anxiaety!! LOL!
5	Amazing place, I totally get why people love coming here. It has EVERYTHING!I love all the stores conveniently in one place, the great selection of restaurants, the ample parking, the sprinkler system for those hot days, the friendliness of everyone here and just the fact that it's close to my house! I definitely will make this a place to shop frequently!
4	Love this place as this shopping center has some of my favorite shops.  For examples, Best Buy, Ulta, Sprint, GAP, Target, Harkins, and many more just to name a few.  They have concerts here during summer time near the stage area, great place to bring the kids out for them to play or for adults here to people watch.
4	Good outdoor mall but the layout is a little weird. Mostly everything you need all in this area. Great store and even had live music.
4	Huge shopping plaza with tons of shops and plenty of parking. They even make an effort to put the misters on to keep you cool. If you have kids, take them to the splash pad, it'll keep them cool.We were meeting an old friend here and had the hardest time finding her because this outdoor mall is huge! Overall, we really like this place!
5	I absolutely love how it's outdoors. I love being out in the sun, especially when there are misters to keep you cool. This place has tons of yummy restaurants, a great theater that has student discount, and lots of places to buy cute clothes. They also have a stage where local bands provide entertainment.  Being that it's outside, you can even bring your dog. This is one of my favorite malls.
3	I don't come here often but it's a kewl plaza/mall.  Parking lot can be chaos and confusion.On this particular day after a visit to Barnes and Noble, I notice things have changed a bit.  Stores are gone, some places are vacant, the Cadillac Ranch location is gone but there's a new occupant up there.It SEEMS like there are a lot of shops but it's really nothing more than how the place is laid out.  Malls usually have a good number of shops with plenty of variety.  Here it seems like mostly teenage stuff.  Okay, I'll be fair and say teenage to maybe 25 year olds type of STUFF.And the parents must just drop 'em off and go to JCPenney's across the parking lot.  The place is relatively busy for a weekday morning in 100+ degrees ---- you do know this is what I would call an outdoor mall.  So when you walk between shops you're outside.  BLECH!Works for most of the year, when it's not cooking hot outside.We ONLY come to this mall when we have to.  Fortunately we don't have to come here more than once or twice a year.  Woohoo!!!Neat thing about this place in the summer months is the water pads.  Watching toddlers play on those things actually puts a huge smile in my heart.  Neat that parents can get their little kids out for some play time that doesn't require mud in your backyard or close to $100 at an area waterpark.Now I'm only giving this place three stars because of the waterpad for the toddlers, oh, and the fireplace/fountain combinations in the fall.The parking lot leaves a lot to be desired.If you must come, arrive when they open on a weekday so you don't have so many crazies to contend with as you attempt to maneuver to a parking spot.Parking would drop the rating to NO STARS.
5	Love the free concerts every weekend! Look up the band's online before going, some are really good but some not so much. This mall also has an arcade, movie theater, and good shops/ restaurants. The free WiFi sucks though...
4	Tempe Marketplace is a good spot.  You can do pretty much anything here.  Movies, Restaurants, Shopping, Gaming, Concerts. . .etc. . .  The parking is a tad confusing.  Hard to get a feel for where the internal shops are from the parking lot.
3	Great shopping center that has it all! Shopping, dining, movies, live entertainment, and more.
4	This is a great place with a lot of energy.  I like the free concerts on weekends.  Parking can be a challenge unless you know where to look.  The east lot near the theater is good, and if you are heading west on Rio Salado parkway, if you go in through the first driveway, you beat a lot of the traffic of the main entrances.
5	Really great setting. Great outing for my friends and I
3	Tempe Marketplace is a decent outdoor mall - very similar to Desert Ridge or The Pavilions with your standards such as Target, DSW, Ulta and Steinmart. They have a variety of restaurants which I have yet to try, but it's definitely a place I would come back to for shopping.
4	a really good variety of stores and restaurants but the parking is pretty much a nightmare its ok if you can find a central place to park and just do a walk around as long its not too hot
5	If you are a manager reading this, please acknowledge the two employees working today were fantastic (Saturday, Oct 18)! I was there around noon and it was a girl and a guy, I don't remember their names.They were both funny, friendly, and helped me find some amazingly comfortable shoes. They even threw in a couple inserts, which made my new shoes even more perfect. Thanks again, I'll be back for sure!
4	I was actually really impressed by this place even though it literally took 20 extra minutes of rerouting on my GPS to finally arrive to the theater here. Anyone other out of towners have that issue? Anyways, this is a really nice entertainment area with a ton of food and shopping options. They keep the area really nice and clean and parking is ample. It's also one of the few places in Arizona where there is a TCF Bank, which is something I think Minnesotans can appreciate. It's an outdoor shopping center and you'll find your typical corporate retail stores mixed in with some kiosks and big box stores like Target. If I was a local I would probably go here all the time on weekends. I was here on a Saturday night and there seemed to be mostly high school students hanging around, which I guess makes sense since it is a mall...Overall, Tempe Marketplace is a cool place to go if you have a few hours to kill and like to shop or window shop.
4	During Summer.. (pre and post extreme heat) this place is a pool of misters. (only thing i hate...)But this mall is great to walk around, go to a few restaurants and meet up with friends. The open concept make it seem more like an old school plaza than a mall. Love it!
5	A very well kept outdoor shopping mall with a myriad of different stores. I much prefer Tempe Marketplace to it's sister mall, Desert Ridge, in North Scottsdale. The clientele @ Tempe Marketplace is much friendlier vs. the stuffy, unfriendly clientele @ Desert Ridge in North Scottsdale.
5	Love shopping here. They a great variety of stores and restaurants. The atmosphere is great, along with everyone who is shopping there. Every store and restaurant I've visited so far has really a friendly staff. Check it out for yourself and enjoy the relaxing atmosphere!
