5	An amazing little place! 12 pages of unique house made cocktails- many with their own flavors and extractions. Great low key atmosphere in the Mont Royal neighborhood. Bartenders are extremely knowledgeable and fearless in recommending something you might never try otherwise. Highest recommendation.
5	I am not one to write Yelp reviews, but we were on a girls trip to Montreal and decided to go here due to the prior good review.  This place is so good that we went back for a 2nd night.  Delicious and interesting cocktails, absinthe, and flair bartending combined for a fantastic night!   You will find drinks here that you would never find anywhere else, one I tried had a raw egg in it, one vanilla foam on the top, one with real creme bruelle.  Definitely recommend and will be back next time I visit.
4	Flaming bar tricks??? Yes, Please!!!Yup, if you are lucky like us, you can come here on a Friday night and catch a glimpse of the glory that are flaming flair or bar tricks! The music totally changes and all three bar tenders stop making drinks and start tossing flaming bottles of alcohol around in the air!! All in unison too! It was pretty amazing to see, and definitely was the highlight of our night.In addition to their fire skills, these are some of the best bartenders I've seen. Granted you will pay for those bar tending skills in the prices for these drinks which won't run you any cheaper than $11 each, but man are they creative and fancy! And they even have a whole list of crazy absinthe cocktails too! Whatever you do, don't ask for a drink blindly....Our friend Lindsey asked for something on fire and then a few minutes later she found herself being cheered on by the whole bar and the bartender handed her a straw to chug her flaming coffee drink which they had to switch out half way through because the fire melted it!! Lots of guys came and congratulated her saying she was one of the few women they had seen drink that drink! So hip hip hooray for her!
5	I've been there many times and have been continuously impressed by their creativity and passion for mixology! And everytime, I make sure to tell them what I like and what I don't so they can custom make me a drink! And they can really work with anything! If you are feeling adventurous, bring yourself an ingredient and challenge them to make you a drink! I brought durian essence and they miraculously made a phenomenal drink with it! It is seriously impressive! All of their staff is knowledgeable and non-pretentious! Couldn't ask for more!
4	I love cocktails, and believe that we need a place that caters to what I see as a lost art.  Food is great and all the new styles of prep are fun and diverse, but when it comes to the drinks, they are few and far in between.Lab does just that, they are very well versed in the standards, and are very good at coming up with new customized ones as well. The staff is friendly and fun to watch as they dazzle you with there "bar flair", and are also willing to help you learn about the various potions they can create.Let's face it we can all use something different and these modern day apothecaries bring it and can make something for everyone.  Enjoy
5	I highly recommend this cocktail bar. Cocktails - Outstanding! The innovation behind each and every cocktail just simply portrays the genius mind of those who works at le LAB.  The staff is challenged to create upon one specific ingredient every month, as they commonly name "the prescription of the month". Whether you want to take on revisited oldies or you want to go out of the ordinary with their Jerky Lab Jack (Daniel's, Cointreau, and a slice of smoky beef jerky), Le Lab is the place to be. You're an indecisive person? Well rest assured! Go with a "impress me" or a "make me a drink" [don't forget "please"], and let them do their magic.   Staff - Exceptional! Also known as "Labtenders", they are challenge-thrived creationist whose prime endeavors are to... please you and offer you the fittest cocktail for your taste buds! They are always up to a friendly conversation and are exceptionally knowledgeable. They are not barmen, rather mixologists ! Ambiance - old jazzy-acoustic music playing in the background, massive wooden bar, and the place has the reminiscence of 60-70's cocktail lounge (at least to my opinion). The music is just enough loud to be heard, beautifully tuned so that you can speak without shouting. And on Fridays and Saturdays, they display amazing flair with fired joggling bottles along with some fire breathing! Definitely something you don't want to miss.
4	During my recent travels to Montreal this place definitely wins for best bar.  The cocktails were exceptional, and it was a real delight to see that the mixologists are so passionate about what they do.  Absolutely worth a visit!  If possible - sit at the bar and ask questions.
4	I accidentally clicked on a review of this bar searching for ideas on where to go in NDG.  The descriptions, reviews and website of the bar looked so neat that I HAD to go.  I'm very glad I did.  The premise of the bar is ole' timey mixology. The menu is as extensive as it is expensive!  Mixed drinks average at around 13$, and go as high as 28$!  I will warn you though, not only are they worth is, but once you have one, you'll want to try them all.  The bar itself is beautiful; the doors are draped in red curtains, the bar is the most fully stocked one I've ever seen, the TV flashes anti-prohibition ads and the brick walls just seal the deal.  The blackboard above the bar features daily specials, which are worth trying.  The bar and wait staff are extremely friendly and helpful.  There's no pretension at all.   The waiters and waitresses are more than happy to answer questions about drinks.  The bar staff practice flair bar tending; depending on when you go, you'll probably see some bottle juggling, spice smashing or maybe even a bit of a fire show!  I got to see all three.  This is easily my new favorite bar in Montreal.  I'm so glad I found this place!
5	Had a very good time here. Good drinks and great bartenders. Not too fancy but just right for an evening of drinks. The flaming marshmallow drink made my night. I tried about four drinks all of which were great and strong. Luckily you can order mini drinks as well.
5	AtmosphereWhat to say about Le Lab besides that it is probably the best Montreal bar I have been in a while. I went there for the first time for my birthday a couple of days ago and I had a blast. It is just a small cozy bar with great music and great atmosphere. At one point during the night, the bartenders started putting on a show with fire which was very impressive and entertaining. You could see everyone from each table getting up to go take pictures of those two bartenders juggling with balls of fire. To top it off, the song they chose to go along with their show was thunderstruck from AC/DC. Simply awesome! If you are not too many, I would even suggest going to the bar, considering the bartenders would do tricks in front of you and entertain you constantly throughout the night. The Lab gets 5 stars for its atmosphere and entertainment.  Drinks & FoodThe drinks the Lab has are very varied, going from exceptionally original drinks to an entire page for non-alcoholic ones. It has a beverage for every type of person.  I was actually surprised to see they made Pisco Sour, which is a drink I discovered in Peru and could not find anywhere else, and even though it did not taste the same, it was still pretty good. Another shocker for me that evening was a strange looking device they used to pour drops of water on a cube of sugar for absinthe. I have to say that, from all the drinks I have tried that night (and, trust me, I have tried many) the one that caught my heart was the Jay's Basilic. If you love raspberries, it'll be your favorite as well. However, if you are looking for a show you need to order the Rouleau Parisien which is a shot they put on fire in front of you. At this point, I forget which type of alcohol it was, but I remember it was really good. The prices of the drinks are pricy but worth trying at least once (the drinks are also incredibly strong). Therefore, for drinks, I give le Lab 5 stars. ServiceThe service at le Lab is extremely slow and our waiter was not very pleasant at all however they do warn you in their menu that the service will take a while considering the complexity of their drinks. I was not very satisfied with their service but the show and the entertainment that the bartenders provided made up for it partly. Also being with a good crowd makes having bad service more bearable. I will give the service of this Montreal bar 2 stars. LocationThe location of le Lab is not really accessible without a car but being close to la Banquise on Rachel Street makes it totally worth taking a cab for. For those who know me, they know I love ending there after a good night, which I totally recommend against hangovers. The location gets 3 stars.The total amount of stars I would allocate to le Lab in general would be 5
4	Outside of Vegas Nevada, I have not seen a lot of flare bartending. It was really fun to watch. I don't know if it was worth seeing that reflected in the price of my drink ($12 to $14 per drink!), but it was a cool experience. Services was awesome and the drinks we did get were delicious. If you are a meat eater do make sure to try their Jerky Jack Cocktail (with real Jerky and flambe caramelized sugar).
4	My friend and I had been exploring the city for a couple of hours on foot and stumbled upon this bar and were quite delighted. We even made it back the following night.Amazing list of cocktails and superb selection of bourbons. Try the Betty Boobs and the Baby Dragon cocktails. We didn't care for the Japanese Gimlet (flavors did not work together) or the cocktail with beef jerky in it. Yuck. Great atmosphere. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. And the bartenders are fun to watch as they make concoctions. I saw flames, juggling of bottles and precision. The prices weren't over-the-top; I thought they were fair considering the time and detail it took to produce a cocktail.Next time I'm in Montreal I'll be back at Le Lab!
5	Imagine a craft cocktail bar with the laid back ambiance of a local watering hole. I was so delighted with this bar that I went twice in one day.  I think it was the "no-frills-come-as-you-are" attitude that made me fall in love with this place. The spectacular cocktails also helped! If you are ever in Montreal, please make Le Lab a priority!  I wish Boston had a place like this. We do have a lot of speak-easy, craft cocktail places, but nothing as laid back as Le Lab.
4	We went on a really cold night so it wasn't packed.  We had the bartender's full attention and asked lots of questions.  Unfortunately we couldn't try all the drinks that caught our imagination so we'll definitely have to go back.  A bit pricey but worth it!
4	I stopped by with some Yelp friends on a Saturday night at about 1:30 am. It was busy but we were still able to find a table. I'm normally a beer guy but decided to try some cocktails and get a glimpse of the bartenders in action. Drinks are set on fire, mixed by pouring multiple bottles into a single glass and tossing / throwing bottles between bartenders. The show greatly contributes to the overall experience.It took a little time to place our first drink order but once we did, service greatly improved and we had no problems ordering for the rest of the night. When our server was busy, one of the bartenders actually left the bar and came over to take our order. Great teamwork & service! One of the bartenders introduced himself and started a conversation with us. When he found out we were from out of town, he brought us a round of shots on the house (and had one with us). A modest gesture but it left a big impact on me.The drinks are really interesting and like nothing I had before. I tried the following:1) The Zombie ($28). The price is high on this one but it's huge - many times the size of other cocktails. This drink had everything in it (I lost track of all the ingredients), it was fascinating to see it being made. Despite all the ingredients, the drink came together nicely.2) Beef Jerky cocktail ($14) made with actual house made beef jerky (they also sell the beef jerky as a snack if your hungry). This drink is smokey in flavour with a large piece of beef jerky in the cocktail. Not sure I could drink this all night but definitely  worth a try.3) Blazer Bastard ($14) was a warm / heated cocktail. The drink arrives at your table covered so it's warm when you start drinking it. Another unique drink experience.Although this is clearly a cocktail bar, they had 8 beers on the menu including selections from St. Ambroise & Cheval Blanc.  Note - If your from out of town, the servers speak english and the menus included English. The website appears to be french only.I will definitely be back on my next Montreal trip. A great display, relaxed atmosphere and interesting drinks ensure you will have a great evening. BK
4	Le Lab is so enjoyable! A lounge like vibe! Love everything here! The cocktails here are all well crafted and balanced! The bartenders having so much fun lighting up everything in flames! What a show!Service though a little slow in the beginning but did pick up. We tried:Jerky Jack Lab ($14)- Spicy Beef Jerky, Homemade BBQ Bitter and Whiskey- A drink that can be eat like a snack?!Smokey but sweet and spicy at the same time!Blazer Bastard ($14)- Ginger Syrup and Brandy served warm! Great to drive away the cold snowy weather during winterZombie 1956 ($28)- A mixture of over 10 elements and the drink is just so well balanced! So refreshing!Le Royal ($13)- my Yelp friend seemed to enjoy that very muchLost Island ($13)- This is the only cocktails that I didn't enjoy, I have to agreed with my fellow yelper that it did taste like burnt tiresThe drinks here are priced reasonably and the combination is just so unique! There are just so many I want to try and of course it is worth a repeat visit next time I am in town!Menu changed seasonal and there are also some off the menu items on the chalkboard.If you not sure of what to drink, make sure you talk the the experienced bartenders! And if possible sit at the bar and watch the flaming show!
4	Although we had a bit of trouble finding Le Lab (thanks to none of us having international phone plans, a cabbie who apparently was unfamiliar with Montreal's geography, despite telling us everything about where the gangs are; and the address being listed as 351 on some websites), we finally made it with a couple hours to spare before closing time. It's a dimly lit area that makes it feel like a speakeasy, but with pop music blaring and a much louder vibe than you'd find at a quiet bar. We sat at a table that could fit our party that was closer to the entrance, and our waitress was good about coming over and taking our (rather frequent) drinks orders and being a good sport about it despite us being English speakers.As for the drinks themselves, they're definitely a bit on the pricey side (everything seemed to be in the $12-15 range, which is basically NYC prices), but they were pretty good overall. The Jerky Lab Jack is pretty much a must-try, as it's a house specialty. I'm not a huge fan of whiskey on the rocks (which is pretty much what this looks like), but it turned out quite well - the BBQ bitters add a hint of spiced flavor that Jack on its own doesn't have, and the beef jerky itself (which is good - well-flavored, and not too chewy, with the right amount of toughness) helps to temper the edge on the drink. Jay's Basilic also turns out quite well; the basil serves more to provide an herbal whiff as you sip on the drink, which is heavily based on the raspberry but delicious without being overly fruity. The Tiger Thai Collins is also really good - the chili adds a dash of spice, but aside from that, it has a very bubbly and refreshing taste to it.In all, the drinks here are all pretty well-done. I do also like that there is a small beer selection, in case you'd like to switch it up. This is a very chilled-out bar and a great place to sample interesting drinks and have a great time. It's not a dance bar, so don't come here expecting to rock your moves out; it's pretty much a speakeasy but at regular bar volumes.
5	This is one of the coolest cocktail bars I have ever been too in my life! The fire cocktails and flare bartending is incredible. Be sure to sit in the middle of the bar for an amazing show. I had the Lab Jack, the Perfect Martini, an Old Fashioned, and the Apple fire thing (forget the name) then a Old Fashioned made with Gin and fresh lemon grass.Jerky Lab Jack - This cocktail is amazing. It is made from Jack Daniels, their own homemade BBQ bitters, and some other stuff. It is awesome to watch it being made. They mix up some liquor, set it on fire, spray on the BBQ Bitters which makes a giant flame (se my photos) then throw on ice and JD. It's finished with a piece of beef jerky. Very tasty; a smokey BBQ taste. Its good.Perfect Martini - This drink was crazy. They make a martini like you usually would except instead of ice they use a volumetric flask and dip it into liquid nitrogen to cool the cocktail. They also chill the glass with liquid nitrogen. The result is an amazing perfectly made martini - no dilution. Old Fashioned - this was a great old fashioned. First they sprayed the glass with Absinthe, then the usual sugar, orange, bitters, and Markers Mark. It was almost perfect just wish they would have used Augusto Bitters as opposed to Perrins. The Absinthe was a nice touch and added a complexity to the drink. I'm going to try that at home now.Apple Fire thing - I forget the name but this cocktail was CRAZY! They take a small pot, put in a bunch of brandy and a chopped up apple. They then cook the Apple and warm the drink with a torch, then they set it on fire and pour the flaming mixture between two pots to make a fire show. When its served to you you first pull off the glass, inhale the alcohol vapor, then eat the apple pieces finish by sipping the warm drink. This is a great winter drink. Very tasty; not to sweet or strong. Perfect. It's worth ordering just to watch them make it; it is a show on its own.Gin old Fashioned - this was my favorite drink of all. It was made with fresh Lemon grass, and gin, orange, sugar, and bitters. Really tasty and smooth. I love this drink...So please check out this bar. It is a great place. nice atmosphere, great music and vibe, not much I would change about the place. I just hope I can find something like this in San Fran.
5	A bit of a trek to get to. The drinks were unique and interesting, things you couldn't get at your normal run of the mill bar and they have Jenga. Reminds me of speakeasys in the States, but much bigger inside and less pretentious.
1	The worst cocktail ever, and we paid for it.As most of the critics looked positive, we and my fiancee kindly asked for a nice cocktail the waiter could recommend. He had his special of the week before; my fiancee went for it, I took another one.Cocktail arrived, it was simply, not possible to drink it. So bitter. So we did not.Hopefully mine was ok, a fake non-tasty tequila with cucumber and tones of ice. How cheap this is. The place was too busy, we were 3 couple sharing the same table, ridiculous. My advise, if you are not the type that only go to McDonalds or eat poutine few times a week, simply don't go.We asked for the bill, the waiter was sorry for us even if he saw the full glass. And charged us a sweet $18 for a no-drunk cocktail.Don't go.
4	The cocktails here are quite good and fairly strong so you get your money's worth.  I also like the atmosphere in the bar.  TThe only complaint I have is that they didn't keep track of our tabs very well and charged us for drinks we didn't order.
3	Le Lab is one of those fancy cocktail lounges with one of those fancy neon martini glass signs outside. Much like the neon sign, the interior of Le Lab is decorated with a reddish ambience and fancy rustic character. Fancy that.The slick bartenders can mix up some special cocktails from behind the bar. The 2 cocktails I had there were pretty good - not super good, but still pretty good. The one down side is the steep price tag that comes with the cocktail. The size is pretty small compared to most other places with the same price, and I had to really slow drink it just to have enough time to soak in the ambience.
5	My wife and I are from NY and came here on our 9th anniversary. Best bartenders we have ever seen. They check every glass for imperfections and decant a bit to check for proper flavor before serving to the customers. Our bartender Niko was very professional and friendly. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others. We wish more bartenders took this much pride in their craft.
5	If you have a toothache, forget the coedine this is better. Truly a speakeasy feel and lots of fiery drinks. All fresh and house made mixers. You will get a show. Awesome music.
5	At this point in my life, I don't care much for flair bartending and would rather enjoy a carefully crafted cocktail. Luckily, Le Lab is famous for the former but can easily provide the latter!I was afraid it would be one of those overhyped places, all show and no substance, but I am glad it was not the case.I guess we were lucky to go there on a Monday night, which was very quiet. The bartender explained that they only do the flair thing when they have a crowd for it and since the place was rather empty there was none of that, which was great for us. We really like our drinks, which were very original, using some pretty unique ingredients.So I guess if you want to experience their awesome creations and relax, go there during the week!
4	I decided to surprise a couple of lovely Yelper friends who were already checked-in.Visually, the decor is thoughtfully laid out. It's relaxing and intimate and not overtly sensual or themed as far as I noticed. Sort of a tasteful French ambiance that I can really dig. The bar has an impressive selection that showcased various liquors.Our mixologist (Gabrielle?) was amazingly friendly and had this really cute french accent I couldn't help but ask where she was from. She was very accommodating particularly after some coaching from my Yelp friends to let her create a drink for me, which you'll see enclosed below.One thing is for sure, they take their mixology pretty seriously. I watched her mix up my drink and she looked like she knew what she was doing. The cocktail was delicious and left me wanting more but alas, my visit was short and had other plans.One thing is for sure, I'll be coming back for sure.
4	This is a cool spot with a friendly bartender who not only makes some fine cocktails but also aims to entertain you with his juggling skills. That skill is a part of the act here. We came at about 6:00 pm on a Wednesday. I think they had just opened as the place was empty. The set-up has an old school feel but it's modern. We sat at the bar for a while watched the bartender juggle cocktail shakers, then bring one of them around this back and walk it along his shoulder. Pretty cool trick I must say. He told us they have shows some nights where all the bartenders would be doing this kind of stuff and they get so packed that they have to lock the door. Intriguing!As I was going through the drinking menu, I noticed how much detail they put on there. Not only did they put on the ingredients for each drink, but they also had a phrase or two behind the inspiration of that drink along with a small drawing of the glass it would be served in. I settled for the De La Louisiane - an excellent concoction of bitters, absinthe, red vermouth, herbal liqueur and rye which was referenced in some 1937 drink mix book in New Orleans.  My wife got the Japanese Gimlet#2 which was a light, refreshing drink with sake, grey goose and basil.  I wouldn't hesitate recommending either one of those depending on your mood. Also refreshing and equally tasty was the Fleur de Lys but it had maple vanilla listed as one of the ingredients and I told the bartender that I didn't want the drink to be sweet. He added very little and so my drink wasn't sweet at all.I came to Montreal and found a little bit of NY in Le lab. It wouldn't be out of place at all if it were located somewhere in the West Village. The bartender told us the cocktail scene in Montreal hadn't really taken off yet but if more places like Le Lab pop up, it won't be too long till it does.
2	This joint has all the ingredients, all the trimming, all the possibility to be a top notch spot for imbibing however, like a good cocktail the execution and careful measurement are absolute requirements to ensure precise flavor control and a delicious final result. Le Lab has an amazing selection of bitters, home made and bought, infusions and a decent selection of booze. I found myself wondering why they needed to serve Jack Daniels when behind those bottles were far more interesting bourbons? Then it dawned on me, this place is trying to be everything to everyone instead of drawing a line in the sand and standing by only top notch ingredients. I had the cocktail a la Louisiana, an old school drink that I'm very familiar with. Too sweet and too heavy handed on the absinthe, and don't get me wrong, I like my absinthe, but I like my cocktail to have balance. My wife had a tall glass full of mint leaves and some overly sweet swill. Our compatriots Talisker came with cold water for dilution out of an ice melt absinthe drip fountain. The water was sweetened. I watched our very congenial bar tender mix drinks and realized he wasn't measuring his citrus, bitters or sweeteners, that's right, long pours and eye balling them. The only thing measured was booze. HOLY CAW! Where's the quality control?!In the end this is a great little bar if you roll in with bales of cash. Cocktails run as high as 29 each, sharable ones in the 40s. The soundtrack, a weird melange of 80s and early 90s, leaves you wanting a little Kruder and Dorfmeister, and the drinks are so sweet you think that Willy Wonka is behind the counter. Everyone there was perfectly friendly, but the construction, the measurement, the execution needs a serious rethinking.
5	Had a fabulous time here with my girlfriends. Just a relaxing but yet fun as hell atmosphere.  The 12 page menu is no joke. There are tons of cocktails to try and there's something for everyone.  Watching the bartenders mix the drinks was a show in itself.  Everything they make is top notch and delicious. They are also friendly and are awesome at concocting something off the menu. The bartenders also performed a juggling act with bottles of fire and they also spitted fire out of their mouths. It's was not overly cheesy either. Highly recommended if you're in Montreal for a girl's night out. Drinks to try: Vanilla and Raspberry Collins, Harry Goose, West Indies Colada and Haute Societe.
5	Great cozy bar, very entertaining flame/bottle show by bartender!
4	Juggling, classy bartenders, FIRE... this place has everything that a bar should. Went for a Yelp event so I may be slightly biased, but the whole experience was phenomenal. From the moment you step through that velvety red curtain, you feel like all time outside this bar has stopped, and the only thing that matters is what's happening inside . We had a signature (tropical) cocktail, and partook in their infamous punch bowl - fortunately, it was a Hawaiian themed event so getting loose was a prerequisite - which is actually a year round beverage option. Because who doesn't love sangria in the dead of winter?! After looking at the menu, I'd say this is probably not the place where Joe Average would become a regular (drinks are pretty pricey), but it's dolphinitely the kind of place that I could see myself coming for a drink or two (or three). Oh, and I also have to give them bonus points for their dazzling internet videos. If you haven't seem them, go check 'em out. It'll give you a good sense of what I'm talking about.
4	All of wizardry, theatrics and tinctures you could possibly want in a cool urban residential neighborhood comfortably distant from touristy downtown area. It is stumbling distance from Au Pied de Cochon and the walk helped us work off a fraction of the calories.  The bartenders are skilled but the guy practicing bar tricks and constantly dropping the bottle was distracting.   Just practice at home until you are ready for the big show.
5	When New Orleanians vacation elsewhere, it's important for us to know the best bars in the city that we're visiting.  There's research and what not...we take our cocktails serious.Le Lab definitely did not disappoint!!  I was pleasantly shocked that the staff was so friendly, since snobby/rude bartenders are apparently the cool thing at craft cocktail bars in the US right now.  Eddy and Fabien are extremely knowledgeable and love to talk about their craft.  The drink menu was extensive and had a nice selection of summer cocktails....and any place that carries sazerac and can make a top-notch Corpse Reviver #2 wins in my book!!!  They also make their own syrups which are for sale to the public...try the ginger, it's the best!If you live in Montreal, I'm extremely jealous that you could visit this place on a regular basis.  Go there tout suite!!!
4	This place straddles the line between three stars and four stars, but I'm rounding up to four because it's truly the only somewhat decent cocktail bar in Montreal. No one is really doing mixology here in any serious way (other than Le Lab).What's to like:--Pretty decent music. The night we went there was a very capable DJ at the MacBook helm.--Cool decor.--Nice menu with good recommendations. What's not to like:--Overstressed, underserving staff. It appeared one server was servicing all the tables, so she would disappear for looooooong stretches during which one might like to order another round or get more water or a check. She was overworked and, though sweet, just too slow by virtue of the setup.--A bit TOO loud (so thankfully the music was good).--$15 each for our less exciting cocktail round. STEEP for cocktails that would cost about $10-11 U.S. and really should have here, being not so special. (Our first round at $11 and $14 was much more exciting.)
5	Outstanding. I've been to a few similar places in the Washington, D.C. area and this is great.  Terrific ambiance, excellent and creative drinks.  I loved the music as well.   Highly recommended.  I particularly liked the King Storm - very fresh and gingerey.
4	Very good drink menu with many many options for many different types of tastes. Looks completely closed when you walk by it but you walk into a very cozy bar/lounge with good music to vibe to. I would recommend the beef jerky jack Daniels drunk it's delicious and the jerky is made in house. 4 stars
4	My wife and I definitely enjoyed Le Lab, although being used to the Chicago mixology scene we weren't really expecting the banging house music or fusillade of flaming shots coming to all the tables around us. Those things weren't negatives though, it was actually a really fun atmosphere!The most important part of a cocktail bar is the drinks, and Le Lab has those down perfectly. We made our way through four cocktails that were conceptually interesting and VERY tasty - my favorite was an absinthe drink that tasted like a mild Orange Dreamsicle.The only thing that was a slight negative was that the waitstaff was stretched a bit thin. To their credit, they were flying around the bar, but with another server or two around we would've ordered a few more drinks and stumbled home instead of walking. :)
4	What a great late night spot! We went during off-ish hours (Sunday at 10pm) as a pre-poutine night stop and Le lab stole the thunder for the evening! Perfect mix of well thought out and delicious drinks, creative and informative menu, and uniquely warm setting. Locals enthusiastic about the drinks, college kids looking for a social experience beyond the books, and young local lovers, visitors, and a mix of others shaking up the milieu even at this strange time. We tried the Beside the car (great ginger notes) and the traditional absinth service (each about $13 CAD).
5	What a great bar in Montreal. We came here on a Sunday night for a few drinks and it was well worth the visit. On a Sunday night it was very easy to get a seat and have a good conversation. The menu is huge with a lot of unique mix drinks. Drinks:- Jerky Lab Jack which definitely hit the smokey and woody pallet- Paradise non alcoholic which was refreshing and quenchingLikes:- atmosphere - service - selection of beverages- location, directly across from the parkDislikes:- pricesOverall I would come back again!!!!
5	Wow what a lounge! My hubs and i while on vacation made it a point to do and see as much as we could. In doing so we probably drank more than we should,as we walked around the city we would stumble upon a place that looked cool so we would take a break and have a drink.    Le Lab was one of those places. we walked in on a Thursday at 10pm. I was so surprised that we were the only people in the bar. That lasted for about an hour and then it became a popping tiki-esque lounge. The cocktails we had were out of this world awesome. The choice of bitters alone was staggering. Ever flavor imaginable, which made for some pretty terrific cocktails. My favorite drink had to be the jerky Lab Jack, featuring a base of Jack Daniels, BBQ bitters or mist, and a small clothes line featuring a sizable piece of beef jerky.     I also had the pleasure of having an award winning mint julep made by the man who won the title. It was absolutely phenomenal and exactly the cocktail to enjoy amid the humidity of summer.    While there we also had the opportunity to talk to one of the owners/investors, Daniel. Who was one of the sweetest and coolest dudes we met while on our travels. He filled us in on the top places to grab a drink. We talked about the differences between the city of Montreal and Toronto. The latter may just be our future home.   I am so glad we stopped in, and if you ever find yourself in the area you should stop in too!
4	Good cocktails and bartender 'consultations,' but not up to the impeccable standards of some other leading North American high-end speakeasy type bars I've been to, for instance, Drink in Boston, or (maybe surprisingly) Williams & Graham in Denver. On the weekday night I was there, the bartender I spoke with grew a little impatient with my questions about different drinks and ingredients-- I went on for a little while, but really was not overlong. This sort of peremptoriness wouldn't have occurred at the former two places, where 'mixologists' seem enthused (or at least are trained to seem so) to talk about cocktails and their histories at length. Drinks here are considerably more expensive than at the former two (around $14, compared to around $12/11), so one would expect quality and service to be on par, but this isn't quite the case. The ambiance is nice, about as pleasant. 3.5 stars. If cocktails were priced a little more reasonably, would have given it 4.
5	Great chill spot, it's a gorgeous room - the service is great and the cocktails are exactly right.  We all had classic cocktails so I can't speak to any creativity.  But I was being difficult in choosing and the waitress expertly guided me to a sazerac which they made absolutely perfectly.  Wish I had a spot like this at home.
3	The beautiful thing about this place is they have a full bar with alcohol brands you have never heard of - plenty to discover if you like experiencing new taste. Best time to do that wpuld be on weekdays, because it can get real crowded on the weekends.It's a shame that the lovely bartenders were somewhat rude and reaalllly with the service. You'd expect better from a small place.
