4	Another new store here in Goodyear. This is one of the large targets that has a grocery and baked goods along with a satellite Pizza Hut. If I remember it also had a Starbucks in store. Of course the place is bright and clean since it just opened, but most Targets are anyway. This store has a  feel tending to Wal-Mart. The isles were a bit more narrow than I like. But it has a lot of stuff that needs to be crammed in. They also had a rather large area dedicated to Halloween which I suspect will be taken over by Christmas. The prices on things I would buy are no less than anyone else, yes they did have some good prices on things I would not be buying. You know, pop tarts, chips and canned coffee. I must say I do like the feel of the basket one pushes around the store, it fits my hands well. I do like Target stores so I am sure I will be back. Oh and the check out was super fast. It seemed like she was handing me the receipt before I even slid my card through.
4	I love this Target. Clean and well lit.Pharmacy staff is excellent and friendly.I've never had to wait in a long check-out line - if a line develops, they always get more people on registers.
4	I want to start off, I love Target.  Throw a SUPER in front of it = OMG!  This Target is rated 4 starts because I am not loving the lay out.  It is a little confusing in the toilertries/comestics/medicine/air fresheners area.  I had to go and forth a few times.  It is big, clean, well lit, large selections, and just SUPER!
4	So much nicer than the one on Litchfield. Cleaner, easier to shop, and employees are much friendlier and more personable. I go miles out of my way just to hit this one up instead.
4	The store is always very clean and there are always plenty of folks around if you need help.My only complaint is that there is never enough lanes open and I have NEVER seen the express lanes open...???Happy shopping !
5	Always love this place!
5	This is my favorite Target. Period. It is clean, well lit, has everything you could possibly need to buy on your grocery list, and pretty well organized. The sales people are super friendly, and the deli guy is awesome.  He is super nice and always talks to my kid too, which I like. The only negative?  I spend way too much money here.
5	I am so happy to have a SuperTarget so close to home. My favorite thing about this particular Target is that it is SO clean and there is never any lines. The prices are great and you can find just about anything you possibly need here. Glad to have one in my neighborhood!
5	I would like to give a big shout out to Samantha in customer service. I had an issue with a camera that i stood in line for more than an hour on black Friday. We bought a bundle pack and the camera did not work from the moment we turned it on. This was a $500 bundle, other places had it, but i like coming to Target. Instead of the horrible Walmart. When i tried to just get the camera exchanged they were telling me i either had to send it in and wait for the warranty, or get a refund but loose out on the bundle packet. Sending it in was not an option. Who knew how long that would take. We bought this camera for Christmas pictures. Also to loose out on  the bundle packet that i stood in line for . No Way. That is when Samantha jumped in and saved the day. A big thank you  to you, from me and my family.   Still a very happy Target shopper.  From the Connellys.
5	Great store.  Good service... Clean and friendly
5	Friendly staff, get product very clean store.  I love the Starbucks in side the store as well.  Very well managed Target if you are looking to shop at Target.
1	Me and my boyfriend always come to this Target (every weekend). Tonight when we went to Target we were harassed by the security guard and escorted out of the building. I'm guessing she thought we were stealing something from the store. All we bought were cheap earrings, a swim suit top, an xbox gift card, and a rockstar drink. When we were near the check out line she came up to us and asked if we "needed any help with anything" (but not in a polite way). We said we were fine and then went to go check out. While we were checking out she stood on the other side of the register we were at and watched us pay. After we were finished pay she came up right behind us and kept asking us if "we were sure we didn't need help with anything" and continued to follow us out of the store. She embarrassed us in front of shoppers and Target employees and made us look like thieves. I have never been treated this way in my life. Horrible experience and management will be hearing about this.
4	Docked points for location.  I wish this Super T was closer to the highway.  With the new construction on the 303, it really is a pain to get there.  Nonetheless, I am a fan and we frequent here for our needs and wants.
5	Love this target store; always clean, never too crowded, and love the brands and products they offer.
5	I'm a huge Target fan and Wow! This store is amazing. It's basically the Target version of Wal-Mart except more awesome and better. It's clean, big and the staff is always friendly. The grocery section is fantastic and always has everything I'm looking for.If your a regular Target customer be sure to sign up for the RedCard (5% discount) and download the Cartwheel app for your phone. The app has a lot of discounts and they scan the bar-code right off your phone. Target also has coupons on it's website and they allow 1 Target coupon and 1 manufacturer coupon to be used on the same item.
5	Finally a Target close to home! I don't think we've ever had a bad experience shopping at this particular location. The store is clean and I usually find what I need.
4	Best target ever. Clean, organized, and you feel like you are the only one around. Sort of like your own personal store to shop at. No lines at checkout. lots of parking. Super convenient.  It even has a starbucks inside. I prefer this target to any I've ever been to.
5	I'm very glad this Super Target is so close to my house. It is a great store for just about anything. It's very big, well stocked, and clean. The grocery is pretty awesome. I usually buy my groceries right down the street at Fry's Marketplace but it's nice to be able to stop here on the way home to pick up any last second items for meal planning.The staff is always friendly and helpful. Sometimes it's hard to find somebody on the floor if you have questions or need to find something.I don't drink coffee but there's a Starbucks here also. It's a nice sit in coffee shop within the store. Pretty cool for the Joeys.
5	ALWAYS clean, always someone to help you, and the store layout is easy and makes sense. I love this Target and refuse to shop elsewhere. :)
3	Very clean and not crowded on weekends. They do price match only with Fry's, Safeway, Albertson and Basha.
4	I am a fan because I do like This super target. It's huge. It's clean. It's organized. They do have a whole lot of registers but not so many cashiers. Oh those guys must show up near the holidays.  Well anyway they do have good clearance but you must make it before the housewives get there. I also find it slightly difficult to coupon here but that could mean some have ruined it for others. This is my Wal-Mart get away. Oh and the parking lot has a nice sound system lol.
5	I absolutely love this Super Target Store. We have a regular Target closer to our house but this Target is as good as it gets (well, a two story Super Target is as good as it gets but hey, this is still VERY nice!).I stopped by last Saturday to order my daughter's birthday cake. I know they make yummy cakes and they were extremely accommodating with the stuff I needed to make her cake just perfect. She's 3. She needs a perfect cake, you know?So, anyway, the girl that helped me out at the counter was so helpful. She answered all my questions and she even told me about Cartwheel (a fairly new app I had never used before), that helped me save an extra 10% on top of the 5% I get by using my Red Card and hey, I love a coupon as much as I love my coffee in the morning so of course I'm very thankful for this employee and I'll start using Cartwheel more often now :) The store itself is big and very clean and organized. They have a small Starbucks store and a bigger PizzaHut popcorn station there too. Huge produce and product variety. You can find anything in there!Also, there are tons of very nice employees willing to help. You don't have to spend 20 minutes wandering around trying to find someone. I'm a fan!!
5	I will drive out of my way for this Frys! The customer service is amazing! Even late at night. They have a wonderful nature's market with all the organic food that I want! The store is huge the selection is excellent and again the customer service is amazing!
3	I like this Super Target because it is clean and well stocked. I have noticed they stopped selling the lamb I like. But I know lamb can be a hard sell so I understand. I was a little bit irritated when I saw an employee putting Sale stickers on an entire shelf of bread that was not on sale. When I asked him what the original price was he said it was the same as the sales price. This is deceptive to the customer. Target should not be using deceptive sales practices. The Starbucks in the store could rival a free standing location. Overall going to Target is a positive experience. Going to a target that feels like it was built just for you makes you want to take your time and make a day of it.
3	I live very close to this target so I shop her often. There are many good things about this location-it is very clean and the staff is super friendly. The only thing that I have an issue with is how late this location opens. Because of this I often find myself down the street at Fry's.
