5	All that jazz!Other places do jazz once in a while. But these folks do it all year 'round. Aw yea. Great venue and friendly bar staff. Don't know much about the food, but their drinks and desserts are solid. But really, you come for the jazz.Tips: Check out the website for the latest performance information and singer/musician biography.
5	I loved this intimate place. It is small and UPSTAIRS writes upside down because it is actually in a basement! :-) Very stylish and great jazz., not the kind so out of tune & u can't bear. Drinks are delicious here too and cheap! I had the entertainer - a recommandation from a handsome waiter, very well made for only $7.5! My friend had something colada which is also very tasty. One note thought, there is a 5 dollar per person charge to sit down.
4	Nice chill bar with a good vibe. Casual atmosphere, and reasonable prices. $3 cover is very reasonable too! The bar next door seemed pretty crowded too!
3	Overall, the best sound setup for jazz in the city.The food leaves something (dinner somewhere else) to be desired, the drinks are tiny and the covers are high.But - I've seen consistently good music here. Either the owner is an avid jazz fan or just knows what talent is and books it.Other jazz clubs in Montreal keep a tight leash on their rotation so you end up seeing the same acts again and again. Upstairs Jazz keeps a good mix of Canadian and international musicians in an unpredictible line-up. This fact alone keeps me coming back to find my seat at the bar for at least two sets, sometimes all three.
4	Went here with my dad on a Friday Night.I recommend a reservation and plan to stay for the night.We were there from 7:30 till 11:30. It was fantastic.Small. Cozy. Good service. Good Food. Great set up for Jazz.I had the Steak Frits. It wasn't a unbelievable steak, but a steak you would expect from a place like this.It's a good venue for friends who like jazz, a date, family to enjoy a night out.Do it up if you love Jazz and Food in a lovely setting.OH, and no talking aloud when the band plays! Fantastic!
4	Cool spot but parking is hard to find on weekends so plan to get there early.
4	I'm so glad that I visited Upstairs. The vibe is laid back, the service is friendly and helpeful, the food and beverages are reasonable priced, and the live jazz entertainment is terrific. The pianist that was playing the night I visited is an accomplished festival jazz player in the Northeast area. I'd recommend that you visit Upstairs and enjoy a great night out in Montreal.
4	I went here for live jazz on the last night of my last Montreal trip. It was early on a Thursday night. Next to the door is a calendar of the month's events and their respective cover charges. Convenient if you're too cheap to pay for an international smartphone plan, too far from your hotel's WiFi, or don't want to suck up your pride to ask. Only the first two apply to me. They don't have happy hour specials. ("Everything here is special!") After my work in Africa, I learned it never hurts to ask. Even in a joint this cool.I had a "sangria rouge" that I assumed would be a red wine sangria, but it was more orange and weak. The Guinness my partner had seemed much better. Everyone around us received complementary bread/butter except us. Our food was good/average - my Tijuana hamburger was well done and had sour cream and guac. My partner's tofu burger was delicious. Both burgers came with a green salad - again, love the salads in Montreal - and fries. Portion sizes perfect, not too much food. We had the restaurant's tiramisu which was average. Then we enjoyed the night's act, The Kandinsky Effect. The leader and saxophonist was from California so we understood him completely. Cover charge $6 each added to our bill. It was good stuff, even if half the audience as the place filled up seemed to be friends of the band.Overall, a great, intimate place to hear jazz. There seemed to be performances almost every night. Covers vary. Accept credit cards. And the place is actually located downstairs at almost basement level, hence the logo of the resto-jazz-club is upside down. Oh the irony. Stars for the jazz; don't expect much from the food or drinks.
4	Food is fantastic, though choice is limited. Service is ok. The main attraction, music, is incredible.
5	Excellent Jazz club. Cozy atmosphere with traditional jazz club feel. I listened to KRAKATOA, and they were spectacular.
5	10:54 PM - "gentlemen, there's a $5 cover charge.""I thought it was free after 11 PM?""oh, yeah, but there's six minutes left. if you want to not pay the cover charge, you could just wait outside for a few minutes then come back in.""sure thing, sugar."fucking A, Canadians really are a polite people! sweet! and she didn't care that I called her "sugar"...ah, I do love the fact that I work in an office from the 1950s.anywho, this place is awesome. damned if I can actually name any jazz musicians or songs, but I do enjoy listening to it. plus, 2 of my friends were in our college's jazz band and aren't really the raging type, so they were interested in this place when I mentioned that I found it on Yelp.it's a small, intimate pub with candlelit tables and very comfortable seating. we just wanted to unwind and have a few more drinks......hmm, fairly strong mixed drinks are in the 7-12 bucks range, not bad......waitress, another gin and tonic please......yeah, fuck it, I'll try a raspberry Lynchburg lemonade, why not......and so we end up closing out the place and shaking hands with every performer who played that night. again, damned if I can recall their names but we had a great time. crowd was about split between a college-age crowd and some older people. as it turned out, most of these were performers or at least ended up playing some songs.not too busy on a Tuesday, so we got our drinks quickly, and also got to, you know, actually hear the musicians playing.they also have food, but we didn't order any. they also have various teas on hand, so if you REALLY want to relax.excellent place for a date or just a relaxing night out.
5	Upstairs is Montreal's finest jazz venue and one of the city's local gems. Its a small and intimate, a perfect spot for any date and a fun way to spend an evening sipping on drinks, grabbing a bite, and listening to some of the best live music in the area.  Joel Giberovitch opened this neat little jazz joint nearly 20 years ago, which has gained a notable amount of popularity, especially in the last decade. His inspirations from his past  trips to legendary New York jazz are an obvious influence in the makeup of his decor, which include wooden panels, brick walls, a lengthy yet cozy bar, and classy linens draping each table. If that doesn't establish the mood, I don't know what does. Seating is tight of course, but group dining is very possible here; I would highly recommend reservations.Though it's been touted as a fun lunch spot, I'm more of a fan during their showcase nights which happen every Friday and Saturday. There is usually a cover charge before midnight, which was about $5 last time I checked. Groups of 4 or more are almost guaranteed a wait, but if you don't listen to jazz often, then take it like a champ and wait it out.If the music isn't worth it (but of course it is), then consider the food and the drinks. Much of the menu is distinctly American, with quite few dishes named after notable states in the South, the birth place of jazz. Another portion of the menu is tapas, which is more bar food (nachos, quesadillas, fries, etc.) than they are classic Spanish small plates. I've enjoyed their food overall, as I've had good results with their pappardelle verona, their New Orleans filet mignon, and their array of tasty burgers. Try any of their martinis or get a wine to be paired with the food.Then of course there's the music. Live jazz doesn't have to be during Montreal Jazz Festival, it can be had here on a much more casual level. The music has always taken precedence and has been a treat every time. I could probably not even eat anything and just sit to enjoy the performances, which vary from a wide range of local and visiting musicians.I think very highly of this place and hope it continues to do well. I haven't gone to Montreal as often lately and want Upstairs to keep the drinks flowing and the music going. If only I could write their name upside down (see pics for reference).
5	Visited many years ago and enjoyed it. I am glad to see they are still there.
5	Went here years ago and couldn't believe this was in my own city.Sitting down, having a drink, listening to talent. I felt like a tourist and loved it. Also, the fries and garlic mayo is awesome! For a late night snack.So, for a romantic jazzy date night visit upstairs, which is actually downstairs!
4	I went with my husband to celebrate Valentine's day and  we couldn't  have chosen a better place.  The food was delicious, worth waiting for. We had steak and it was perfect, better than what we'd  had at Gibby's, Moishes or 40 West; even the salad was great, the right mix of greens, dressing, blue cheese and nuts.The music was delightful! and the staff  really friendly.We are definitely  adding Upstairs to our very exclusive list of favorite places in Montreal.
4	Overall if you are looking for a place to catch some jazz in Montreal that is within walking distance of most of the business hotels you can't beat this place.   With ample bar seating it is easy to go solo and not feel out of place at all.  The drink prices were reasonable (well as reasonable as one can find in Montreal) and the good acoustics make this a club worth visiting for jazz. Only had an appetizer, but what I had was better than I expected. The only complaint I have and there isn't much the ownership can do about it is there was one table near me that made me wish, well I knew how to say STFU SVP totally in French (instead of just SVP) .  They got the hint a left, so it wasn't that much of a problem.
4	Upstairs is the real deal, in the tradition of great old jazz clubs. This was our third extended (week or more) visit to Montreal and we finally made it to a show here. The space is tight, and somehow they kept finding space to accommodate more walk-ins, which gives the place a nice energy. The staff is very friendly, service is excellent, and even in the tight quarters they manage to make it all work.We had the steak et frites, and it more than satisfied our craving. The fries were good, but the steak was the star - very tender, juicy, perfectly cooked on the grill. The onion-red wine sauce it's served with is tasty, too, and should be mopped up with bread.We went to Dieze Onze earlier in our stay, and it was a good spot as well, but felt more hardcore divey. Which feels right sometimes. But Upstairs seems to get the bigger names, even locally, and the show we saw here was exceptional. It still has its rustic feel, but it's more spacious and inviting.
4	If you like Jazz you will like this place, if not, the "noise" will eat your head!We came in after 11pm so the place wasn't crowed and it was just Perfect!Highly recommend!
4	Great little spot in Montreal.    Ended up going there on a Sunday night.   Entrance was pricey @15 per person.   But what because a specific band was there.  Band was a Afro, Haiti, jazz fusion.   Don't get the calamari, but the octopus/pulpo a la parrilla is awesome.
4	This was an interesting place, even more interesting if we'd come on a busier night.  Sadly we couldn't pick and choose our date, so we made it in here on a Tuesday, which isn't the best showcase for this place, I think.  It was pretty empty, and only a pianist was playing, but he did a lot of classical pieces, which I do love as a Symphony subscriber, but not really in the mood for, as we were here to listen to some jazz.  He was actually pretty good.  We would definitely return for a visit on a more popular night.
5	Fabulous place.They have a packed calendar full of local jazz bands, and plenty of them are the real deal. Doesn't matter what your age is or how you feel about jazz music, you will enjoy the evening's performance because they're always top-notch.The room does tend to get very stuffy and warm, though, so allow yourself some time to get used to the difference in temperature inside (especially nowadays when the thermometer's beginning to dip). I can't complain about the food: Lots of tasty tapas (the Ceviche, Prosciutto, and Gambas are must-tries), a great Scotch selection, and of course, local beers. If you get there while an act has already started their set, sit outside if it's not too cold. You still get to enjoy the music and the food without having to pay for the cover (or suffering the heat).
5	This place is listed in several places as one of the best jazz clubs in Canada, and specifically in Montreal.  Since Montreal has possibly one of the best jazz scenes in the world, that's high praise.  I can see why.While the music may not always be jazz, the club is a great venue.  Its small and intimate, with good acoustics.  Make sure you check the calendar, as the bands can be eclectic.  And you may want to make reservations.  Finally, expect a cover charge ($11 and well worth it).The doorman was great.  There wasn't any more room for a show and, instead of simply telling us to beat feet as many would, he recommended a later show and reservations in the future.  We came back for the later show and he seated us at the side bar.  After the set, he seated us (party of two) in a booth for the late set.  While the house wasn't full for the late show, it was still greatly appreciated.Great staff, great venue, great music.  I can't recommend it enough.
4	Was at this place 3 nights ago. It is a legit jazz club:  great musicians, dark, warm, cozy, great food and wine.Beware though. I did get pick-pocketed here.  My coat hung in back of my chair and my iphone was stolen from pocket.
5	Discovered this place recently. The ambiance is nice and cozy, the live jazz band was really good! And the service was superb!!!! We thought that the one servicing us was either owner or manager of the place, that's how much attention he paid to us! Won't even let us pour or own wine :"wine taste better when served by someone else"
3	This is such a cozy jazz bar. They have great artists come and the acoustics are good... maybe too good -- it was a tad loud. I can hear quite well from the back, I'm quite certain the amplifiers were not necessary. The food is nothing special and the drinks are a bit watered down. The tables could be cleaner, but the service is quite alright. When coming here, be aware of when each session of music is. You don't want to be paying for a whole session when you only came for the last song! If you have a large party, be sure to make a reservation.
5	Awesome atmosphere, awesome band and awesome drinks!!Average cocktail about $11/12 which seems pricey and $10 per person seating charge to be aware of but worth it for a fun night and good live music. Merci beacoup!
4	This is somewhere fun and different to do on a date night. We loved the cozy atmosphere, the host and the band. It cost $10 admission (added to your bill), which is definitely reasonable for the quality of live music. Downsides were the price of drinks ($11-12 for a mixed drink), the length of the show (only an hour), and that not all seats are good (we were in a booth so the angle was awkward to see the band). These were small issues in an overall lovely experience.
