5	We came here because we were treated very rudely by another Enterprise agent at a nearby location (no longer exists/Signature dealership). We've gone here several times and each time we were treated very nicely. Each person that assisted us was very courteous, professional and honest. Once we needed a ride home and that was no problem. We would highly recommend this car rental agency. My husband & I use the one in Hawaii and have a customer loyalty card.
1	First, I have used Enterprise Rent-A-Car many times and perhaps this is just the service at this specific location...but it was an awful experience.It started with having to contact this Enterprise office multiple times to have them pick me up from a body repair shop where my vehicle was being repaired. Once I was picked up and taken to this office, it took nearly half an hour before I was processed to pick up a vehicle that had been reserved for me by an insurance carrier.  They informed me I had been approved for a full size car, but they were going to upgrade me to an SUV.When they took outside to inspect my vehicle, I was shocked to see this Dodge Journey pull up.  The outside has as filthy as the inside. The agent said it must have gotten a little rain on it...or more like it was following a muddy tractor-trailer rig in a storm.  Pure dirt.Because it was already so late and I did not want to return to the room full of other customers all waiting for a rental, I drove the vehicle off their lot to work.  The inside was disgustingly dirty with stains on the doors, on the cloth seats and it smelled like a wet cat and cigarettes. Ugh!The transmission sounded like it was going to fall apart as a raw, grinding sound was audible when driving.  When it was idle, it reminded me of an older diesel engine.If I had to personally pay for this rental, I would have chosen another vehicle rental company.What a disappointment.
5	I've rented a lot of cars in my life and my experiences typically range from poor to average. At this enterprise everybody from the front office to the back lot are extremely kind and accommodating. They pick you up fast and get you in your car fast. I had to wait one morning per Chrysler for a Chrysler vehicle and instead of having me wait for another chrysler to come in they drove me clear across town with a smile and found a vehicle that satisfied me and chrysler. Sarah Holbrooks runs this branch and from my experiences she is best described as a problem solver. I've dealt with Nicholas Arreola on several occasion and I am always happy to see him because I know if he's there then I'm taken care of. Not to leave out any of the other staff because kindness, integrity, and diligence are obviously breed into their culture at this particular branch. In Las Vegas, I won't rent a vehicle from any other place because they have definitely worked hard and won my business!
5	Really like the friendly and courteous customer service. After waiting at my dealership to get a diagnosis of my car for hours on end, I was happy to know that even with a room filled with people, the service was fast which can be attributed to a lot more staff than other places I've been to. They seemed to have a good selection of cars to choose from as there are many returns of vehicles.  It could be that it's a weekday as well that helps with the big selections.
1	I waited for about 30 minutes to drop off my car.  Two other men walked in quite a while after me to do the same.  A lady, Courtney, walked out and announce:  Who's next.  I stood up and gave her my paperwork and key.  She then looked around and saw that the two men also had paperwork for dropoffs.  She then went to the parking lot and inspected all 3 vehicles even though I had waited far long than anyone else.  She then walked to the counter.  I stood immediately in front of her at the counter waiting for her to finish my rental return.  She then announced a man's name to come up and check out.  WHAT???????  I was there 30 minutes longer than anyone else and she's going to check out a man that had only recently walked through the door?  I was very upset and told them that I did not appreciate sexual discrimination.  She barely mustered an apology mixed with a smirk on her face.  She should be fired.  She then blamed the encounter on everyone except herself.  Showing preference to men is  discrimination and hurts - whether Courtney wanted to address it or not.
