3	Pretty good Cheese Steaks. Special of 1/2 sandwich w/ fries and a drink for $6.85 and it's a fountain soda so it's all you can drink ftw!Only negitive is the hours: 9am-4pm
5	I wish I would have tried this place sooner!  My husband had only tried it once while working downtown and had never mentioned it to me.  That was until, I was sick of the usual and suggested we stop downtown on the way to Chandler.  I ordered a regular Cheese Steak with onions (banana peppers on the side).  It was incredibly juicy, flavorful, and beyond delicious!  I scarfed it down and wanted more.  In fact, a week later, I went back for another b/c I could not stop thinking about how good it really was.  But this time, we went during lunch hour on a weekday and it was so busy that I didn't get as much meat...so it wasn't as good as the first time.  I will be back though, just not on a busy weekday.  I loved that they also sold east coast desserts (TastyCakes, which I had never had and liked) and chips.  The service was very good, on my first visit and even during lunch hour.
4	I went here a couple weeks ago and was pleased with my cheese steak. I had it then with just the meat and cheese. Today when I returned, the guy at the counter asks, "With onions and mushrooms?" Okay, yeah. "Sweet or spicy peppers?" Spicy, please. And what I received knocked the socks off that earlier sandwich. This place is tiny, cramped, a bit chaotic and is apparently cooled by wall-mounted fans. Yet I can see myself going here on a regular basis. So, the next time you're having one of those moments, like Ameerah A, opt for the cheese steak. Just be sure to let me know before hand so we can meet up.
5	I've never actually been here (always had someone go and get it) and the only thing I can rate are their cheesesteaks because that is all I have ever had.  Based on that alone, it gets 5.  It is the most authentic cheesesteak that I have had in the PHX.Shredded steak, melted cheese THROUGHOUT, not just shredded steak on a slice of cheese, and the bread, oh the bread.  That's all.  No cheese whiz, no lettuce, tomato, peppers ... just cheese and steak.  And it's heaven.
4	We finally made it to Best of Philly since we were on winter break and could actually make it in here before they closed!  Little did we know they are actually open on Saturdays.  Oops!  We drive down Central everyday on our way home from work and we have been slowly trying all the restaurants we see.  We're almost done too!  Best of Philly is a teeny tiny little place that packs a big punch in terms of flavor.  I ordered a simple cheesesteak with nothing on it and I was very pleased.  The bread was fantastic!  It was soft and chewy with just a slight crisp on the exterior.  It definitely tasted like fresh baked bread.  The steak was thin and yummy, but I like mine a little saltier, a la Charley's.  The cheese was ooey gooey and the perfect thing to bring everything all together,I would like to come back, maybe on a Saturday and get a cheesesteak with mushrooms.  A rogue mushroom found it's way into my cheesesteak and it was awesome!  Now I gotta see what it would be like with a whole bunch of them!
4	Boy this place is annoying.  Every time I go by, they are closed.  They are open ONLY for the midtown lunch crowd and that is it.  We finally got a chance to go during our Xmas break and boy was it good.  I ordered the Bomb Steak which included peppers, onions, cheese, and a lot of meat.  No cheese wiz (too bad) but good white american cheese and a great piece of bread really makes this one of the best phillies in town.My only complaint is that this place is just so small.  There is so little room to eat or even stand.  They would benefit from a walk-up window for to-go orders.
5	Best of Philly in my opinion is hands down the Best Cheese Steak in the Valley.They build sandwiches to your liking with fresh baked bread, lean steak grilled with olive oil and real American cheese. Yes the place is small, however the owner has a giant heart. He and his wife have stayed true to form and their passion for cleanliness and quality shines through with every menu item.My business partner and I have made the pilgrimage to Best of Philly in Phoenix every week from Tempe for six years running.Best of Philly experimented with a second location in Mesa; however, they sold that store off, so be sure to stick to the real deal and grab a coupon from the website.
5	Best of Philly is the best place to get an authentic cheese steak in Phoenix, Arizona. John, the owner, is a transplant from the East Coast and he knows what he's doing. Get a regular cheese steak, ask for mushrooms, onions, pickles on the side, or try the bomb steak, or even the pizza steak. They're all exceptional, find or create your own favorite! Good french fries, and free refills on drinks. Check out their website at http://www.bestofphillyaz.com for a discount coupon, print it out for you and your friends and enjoy the best lunch in downtown!
4	I like this place. A group of us decided to try it out for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. The man behind the counter was very helpful and patient with us. I had the Philly with onions and mushrooms. I loved the White American cheese. I am not from Philly and have not had many cheesesteaks, so I am not even close to an expert on the topic, but i liked what i was eating. The iced tea was good, which is becoming very hard to find. They messed up one of our orders and made a new sandwich and also wrapped up the "mistake" for us to take with us.
4	When you are looking for the best Philly in Phoenix, look no further; this is the place.  The sandwich almost melts in your mouth... holy cow! It was delicious.  The fries are just your standard run of the mill fries, or they would have gotten 5 stars.
5	FABULOUS ! When i lived in Phx i craved a cheese steak having had some of the best this one is great  . This area is a mixed bag of nuts & NEVER thought I would find this winner in the SW. I miss this area if i ever get back I will be getting a cheesesteak from here .
4	O.K. so I went to my first Overeaters Anonymous meeting on Monday....  no joke. So before I do that deal I'm saying goodbye to my favorite Phoenix delicacies. This Place --ohhh. It's sex. It's total sex. Sometimes sex is nice. It's fun, it doesn't hurt, it's familiar. Not here. It's like the shy unassuming person you never really thought of doin' it with before.  It's been in the neighborhood forever, you never really hear about how awesome it is, it doesn't look like much from the inside or outside. It kind of looks like an old school adobe Taco Bell. So, never really having had a good Philly Cheesesteak sandwhich, I wasn't sure what to expect. The Menu is pretty simple. 8 different cheesesteaks, gyros, subs, fries, onion rings, tasty cakes, salads, burgers. Well duh, I'll get a cheesesteak. The cheesesteaks are 10 inches. Even after I saw that, I was thinking,"I can take this". I ordered a half mushroom one, a half pizza one. Thinking I could take 5 inches at a time, and save some for later. So I began taking it. This shy unassuming restaurant began showing how truly Freaky DeeKay it was. The first bite was mind blowing, amazing, opening up whole new vistas of experience. I never knew it could be this good. The steak is chopped on the grill with olive oil, and then covered in white american cheese. The mushroom added the best mushrooms I have ever had on a sandwhich. The pizza side added really well done pizza sauce. That first bite ohhh. Then thats where it got nasty, and rough.It's too much! I thought I was tough, I thought I could take it- but this is fried red meat covered in fatty cheese encased in delicious carb centric white italian bread.  That first bite was amazing, but I wasn't sure this was for me. I was worried about the damage to my body. I didn't know if my heart could take it.The sandwhich looked at me as if to say "want me to stop?". I considered that this was rough, this was new- but my 10 inch big boy was such a demonstration of mastery and experience, I couldn't stop. I NEEDED more.So as I was abandoning myself to the experience I realized this was just on the brink of gross enough to be nasty and carnal, and refined enough to be a truly unique experience. There was no fatty pieces in the meat. It wasn't too hard and tough. It's astuteness tempered itself by being soft and delicate.  There were moments where I thought 'Oh my god, I have to stop, I think I might die!" but I couldn't. I so couldn't.This in not something I can handle every day. This sandwhich made me want to eat salads for the rest of the week. Not because I feel dirty or guilty, simply because I know taking this thing pushed the physical limits of my body. Too many of these and I could easily see myself crying in shame and lamenting  "what man would want me now"?
1	I driven by this place a few times, saying to myself, I gotta try it!I finally had the opportunity to & i was brutally disappointed!  I went during the lunch hour. Had an OK crowd inside. On the menu Board, it says "try it, you'll love it" So i did. I paid almost $7.00 for my steak sandwich. It didn't take that long to cook. (that part I was impressed.) When I got my sandwich, it was a skinny little thing. I took my first bite & the sweet peppers were cold. I usually like to eat the whole sandwich, but I had to leave pieces of bread behind because they were, just that, bread!I've had steak sandwiches before (in philly) & they are soooo good. Nothing compares to it! but if your craving one, don't come here. Go to the other place that starts with a "C"
3	Review is 3.5 stars, I enjoyed my cheese steak when I visited Best of Philly.  It was a Wednesday lunch time and the place was quite busy, I ordered the combo deal with half sandwich, fries, and a pop.  I was offered onions, mushrooms, sweet, and hot peppers.  I declined the sweet peppers.I sat down to eat and I thought the sandwich was tasty with good poofy bread, though devoid of mushrooms.  I noticed two slivers of onion and there was a good helping of tangy yellow peppers on top, I wouldn't call them 'hot' by any means.  There were several orders up at the same time as mine, I think someone else maybe grabbed my sandwich by accident.So, all in all a good experience and I would return.  I've never been to Philadelphia to try the 'real' thing maybe that'll be my next foodie vacation!
4	For me this is the best cheesesteak place in the Phoenix area. I'm originally from Boston, and this place would be about 2.5 stars there, but it gets four here in Phoenix for at least doing it the right way. My negative is they skimp on the meat. As others have said, they are a bit thin. At least you can get double meat, but at a cost.
4	I've had the cheese steak, gyro and the chicken tenders and all have been very good.   As you can imagine, this place is not really health but every once in a while you need a gut-bomb.
4	I am not huge fan of Philly steak, since I haven't found places around the valley offers that authentic taste.  Friend of my suggested try this place, since he knows the owner.  So, I gave it a try...  MAN!! First bite exploded in my mouth!! Never thought Philly steak could be this good!!  Meat is so soft and tender, and flavors are WOW!  Owner says, he only uses fresh and high quality meat..  I can tell!!  I highly recommend this place!!  Try it! You won't be disappointed!!
3	My BF swears by this place. He says its the closest he's had to the cheesesteaks in Philly. Well I've never been to Philly and if their famous cheesesteaks are like these, than I'll have to past. Don't get me wrong, they taste good but I've definitely had way better. I am a huge fan of cheesesteaks and I've had my fair share of cheesesteaks in my lifetime to make that judgement.
3	I've been meaning to check this place out for SOOOO long, just never got the chance. I wanted a warm meal, so I decided to go get me a cheesesteak. I went with the regular cheese steak and had them add grilled onions, mushrooms and sweet peppers. It was around $7.50 with the added veggies. It was pretty good, but the meat was underseasoned and there wasn't enough for the size of the roll (10 inch) I needed more onions than they gave me, but it was still a decent cheesesteak. I'll go back if I"m looking for a middle of the road cheesesteak,, but am sadly still on the hunt for the totally awesome cheesesteak here in the desert
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Best of Philly yet... I've been coming here for ten years now and the food is always consistent, tasty and cheap.  Yes, the cheesesteaks are delicious, but you HAVE to try their gyros. AMAZING. Just remember your number if you call in for takeout...they don't take your name. Bombsteak!
5	Amazing!  Simply all around great.
4	Love this place, I've been coming for years and the same family has been here since I can remember which means their food is just as good today. Cheese steaks are great and make sure you get the grilled peppers!
5	great people run this place. it is clean and the food is always great.
4	One of the best cheese steaks in the valley!  Can't wait to go back.  We tried to but they were closed for the day :-(Their hours vary quite a bit by the day of the week (they cater mostly to the weekday lunch crowd) so if you are going on the weekend then check the hours.Some of their other offerings look good too, but I'm not sure I'd try them....I'm just there for the cheese steak and that is all....yum!
4	Bread, Tastykakes & wise chips..Perfect taste, just a little light on the steak.. Barely enough to cover inside the roll.Very good, but not "Philly's Best". ;)
3	I can recommend the chicken cheese steak - very tasty and filling. Onions, good bread, chicken, and cheese sauce -- and it doesn't fall apart.  It could use more chicken for the price, but still good. Note that it's very tiny inside - be prepared to squeeze through. They sell Tastykakes at the register, which makes sense, since the company is located in Pittsburgh. http://www.tastykake.com/aboutus/
3	I was stoked to find real Philly cheese steak place. They defiantly look the part. But the sandwich, although it was tasty, it didn't have much meat on it!! Especially for $6.59 for a ten incher. I felt like I had eaten a six inch sub with double bread. If I ever come back I guess I'd have to spring for double meat. They did however have "Tasty Cakes" just like back East. You can't beet a good "Butterscotch Krimpet"!
4	Great cheesesteaks, clean, and everyone here is very friendly!What more could you ask from from a steakshop??
5	I'm visiting from LA, so this was the first time I have eaten at Best Of Philly. I will for sure eat there next trip! The Gyros was amazing! And the mushroom steak sub was too die for! Thanks to the nice people working, I think it was the owner and maybe his wife.
4	Guy knocked me over the head and drug me here caveman-style to get a Philly Steak craving he'd been having out of his system.He ordered his with onions and bell pepper and two-times extra cheese.The steak was flavorful, bread was chewy, veggies done just right. The white american cheese, however, especially when doubled, was like Elmer's Glue on a sandwich. It ruined it for me (not a cheese lover), but my guy sat there munching with a starry-eyed look on his face chewing through all that cheese.I asked him how it was; he nodded, likely unable to speak due to cheese mouth glue syndrome. To each his own.My gyro was delightful, one of the finest I've had. Took away one star for how cramped it is inside. They even encourage you to share tables with strangers.
4	I have driven by this place on Central Avenue for years and never stopped in.  Decided today to grab a quick lunch and was pleasantly surprised...the cheeseteak was quite good, but disappointed they don't make them with whiz, the fries were decent and I love that they sell Tastycakes...yummy!  The staff was very friendly and the few tables fill up quickly, so beware of what time you come if you want to eat there.
2	I'm from Philly, which of course nothing in Az can compare to a real cheese steak. I've visited this place a couple times, and  as the saying goes,  third time was  a charm(not exactly). The guy in the kitchen was rude to me when i tried to grab a few ketchup packets and napkins near the register.I honestly never sat down and ate in there, which I didn't know napkins and ketchup were on the tables. What made my visit worse was that a gentlemen behind me in line did exactly the same thing,and   nothing was said to him.I felt like the kitchen guy was border line yelling at me as if I was going to steal all the napkins and ketchup packets from the  other paying customers... who would do such a thing??? lol. Anyways, my cheese steak was nothing special, which I was hoping it would be on my third visit.And the way i was treated was unnecessary.
5	Best Philly cheesesteak in town!
1	Went there for lunch today 3/2/13.  Business hours posted said they closed at 4PM on Saturday's.  Then why the hell were they close at 350PM ?  I will never visit this establisment again.
5	I treat myself to this every once in a while as an indulgence.  Food is fabulous. Best Philly Cheese steak in Arizona.  Always fresh ingredients and they ship in specialty items in from Pennsylvania.
3	I was heartbroken on my last visit.  Rather than increase the price (which I would not have minded), They are now using frozen, generic steak patties instead of the fresh sliced prime rib.  I didn't see any of the novelty items (ie.. TastyCakes) and I think they fired their cook as the owner was manning the grill.  Too sad!
3	I ate here for lunch yesterday, had a cheesesteak, fries and large coke, cost me around $10.   It was a GOOD meal, nothing spectacular.  While not at the top of my list, I would eat there again.
4	I'm a cheesesteak guy, born and bred. Left the City of Brotherly Shove 30 years ago and my quest for good cheesesteaks continue.Very impressed with Best of Philly. Their rolls, while not the world famous Amoroso's, are generally good in both flavor and texture. There's a real art to bread that will hold up to a good, gooey steak yet not be too bready. Theirs does the trick.The cheesesteaks themselves are a great value at about $7 for a 10". I like mine packed, so usually splurge for the extra steak at $1.99. KT loves The Bomb steak with peppers, etc.The service is always fast and friendly. The dining area is no frills but clean and there's a nice little patio outside if you so choose.I make a special trip to see these guys whenever down in PHX. Well worth the trip!
3	All in all it was ok. The bread was the best part. The sandwhich was good just over priced for the volume of meat. Read Jack N's review. Here it is. The steak tasted good.  Had a nice juice to it and was tender enough.  I wish they put enough of it to fill the bun.  The toppings also were a bit on the light side.  If you are going to charge 7 bucks for a cheesesteak you should be generous with the toppings.
5	I can't decide which is better the Philly cheesesteak or the onion rings...both are delicious! If i worked in Phoenix I would eat here all the time.
5	I think this is the most underrated lunch spot in central Phoenix.  Authentic  Philly food.  Can get busy at noon, but you can get it to go....
3	If you want a quick sandwich - this place is OK. It's tiny inside but there is outdoor seating. The place was clean, bright and the people were friendly. The sandwich I had was the, "Bomb Steak." It was filling but nothing to write home about. I would stop by again if I was in the area and wanted something quick.
4	I've been coming for cheese steaks for a while now and wanted to write a review after my last visit.  I think this place has the best cheese steaks in the valley.  When I get a craving for a cheese steak, I make the drive here from Laveen.  The staff has always been friendly and the place is always clean.  I recommend you check this place out if you're in the mood for a cheese steak.
5	Being from the east coast I have a high standard for my Philly Cheesesteaks.. And let me just say that Best of Philly definitely lived up to it's name.Loaded hoagies, extremely fast service and a bounty of options to choose from? I'll take it. Definitely will be recommending this place!! Will certainly be making a return visit! A+++
3	Drove a long way to try this and sadly not impressed! It was not bad just not great, hardly any cheese on it! If in the area may have again but NO special trips there! Had a philly at Freddy's a day or so ago and it was much better!
