5	I have been going here since BAC opened (about 6 years I believe), I had tried a a few other chiros but settled on this for treatment and have stayed with Dr. Usher and his staff since. Always top service, friendly and personal, and most importantly effective. Office is modern and has a variety of options for my needs. Location is convenient with front door parking most of the time which is great when I'm in a hurry. Insurance has been seemless for me - the front desk is helpful and very knowledgeable and on top of everything it seems. Oh - and instead of waiting in the lobby for your appointment, relax in one of the big massage chairs. I like to get there a little early just for that.
5	I have been under the care of a chiropractor since age 12.  Dr. Usher is definitely the best that I treated with.  I look forward to seeing Dr, Usher and his staff.  I highly recommend BAC!
5	Ok so I must admit I was kinda embarrassed to being going to a chiropractor. I didn't fit the stereotype I had created in my mind....I'm not 85, I'm not rickety, and my bones don't crack every 5 min. What a fool I was-this place is for everyone in all stages of life! The Dr is energetic, knowledgeable, funny and hard working. He explained how my current issue likely developed and the different actions I could take to change it. He wasn't pushy, he was empowering and educated me on how our body functions. The staff are fantastic. They are flexible and accommodating with appt times which was important for me due to my work schedule. The massage chairs are tots fabulous as is the up to date selection of magazines. :) I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to feel better!
5	I am only 25 years old but was in a car accident recently and was in a lot of pain that was affecting my daily life. I was referred to Ballantyne Advanced Chiropractor, and was pleasantly surprised from the very first visit and they haven't failed to impress me several months later! The staff are friendly, knowledgeable, and passionate about they do! They offer advanced methods of Chiropractic care, massage therapy, and much more! They have flexible hours, a convenient location, and easy scheduling! I fully recommend Ballantyne Advanced, and I look forward to each & every one of my visits!
5	Here it is straight.  This group of professionals are there to help you. They are amazing at their job and better than that they really care how your feeling. I don't often give flowers out to anyone but this facility is awesome!
5	I started going to see Dr. Usher and his staff after I hurt my back pulling some horse mats out of my truck.  The initial diagnosis from the Orthodoctors said that I had a disk that moved and bulged.  I could not walk and was in extreme pain for days.I visited Dr. Usher and his staff when I could barely walk.  Their spinal decompression machine and approach eliminated my pain.  Since then, I have had two additional accidents (hit by a golf cart in the back from behind, and hurt my back rafting in the Grand Canyon -- I actually had EMT transports on both injuries and was Med-Evacuated from the GC).  These were horrible experiences that hurt additional discs in my back.I honestly thought that I was going to have to get back surgery because the pain would not go away and my back was not getting any better.  I could barely walk.  Dr. Usher encouraged me to see him multiple times a week initially so they could work with me.After three visits, the pain is gone, and I can walk without any issues.  Thank you for giving me my life back Dr. User.  I would encourage anyone that has back issues to allow Dr. User and his staff to work with you on a regular basis before considering any type of surgery.  I don't every write recommendations -- but Dr. Usher and his staff have earned it.
