5	This is a fantastic thai restaurant in Shadyside.  The cuisine is a modern take on a traditional cuisine.  Example of an appetizer: Crispy Ginger Calamari with zesty avocado sauce.   This is one of the few restaurants that has been able to pull off the asian fusion theme.  The trick is that they don't go over the top-- most dishes are recognizable from a traditional thai menu. Portions tend to be small and pricy but this place is worth it.   Almost every dish I have tried here has been excellent. Once I sent back a tuna (rare) stake because it was still cold on the inside but this is a very difficult thing to get right. Decor is tasteful contemporary.  Again very refreshing without being over the top. Wish there were more restaurants in Pittsburgh like this one.
4	There aren't enough Fusion restaurants in Pittsburgh from what I can find, and this one has a lot of potential. I was boring and got the Chicken Pad Thai, because that's what I always get to try out a Thai place, and it was very good. Also, try the Vietnamese beer called "33", which was also a great find. Service was good, but it was not very crowded since it was an early dinner (4:30pm).  The decor looks like you could be in DC or Chicago; very upscale, but not pretentious.  Try this place out if you haven't already.
3	To summarize quickly - this place is just boring. The food and atmosphere are typical of any asian fusion restaurant.  Candles and buddas all around.  Too clique.  Had a particularly strange experience with the waiter - he disappeared in the middle of our meal because he had to deal with a "burn situation in the kitchen".  I got the pumpkin curry and wasn't very impressed.  Overpriced and wish I went to Bangkok Balcony instead!
4	The most high end thai place in  the city.  The atmosphere is very nice with warm lighting and candles.  The seating is spread out to welcome privacy.  The bar is okay located near the entrance, but barely used.  The outdoor seating is awesome and one of the few spots on S. Highland where you can sit outside and drink.  The service is okay, but not especially useful.  When asked what  is the favorite of the waiter we got the customary "everythings good".  I like that they remove your doggy bag and give you a coatcheck type ticket instead of leaving it on your table.  The wine selection is okay, but overpriced like everywhere else.  I need to find a place that has reasonably priced wine, I mean $15 for a glass of conundrum??  WTF!  The food is as good as any thai I've ever tried in any city, and quite frankly should be for the prices.  It's quite expensive for thai food.  We started with chicken satay, which was pretty good, moist and flavorful.  Also tried a ceviche, which was dynamite, very spicy and a "typhoon" roll which wasn't that good and didn't have much  flavor.  Susie got the salmon, which was well seasoned and served with delicious rice.  Fiona had the pumpkin curry which was delicious, good spice and a nice portion with fresh vegetables.  I tried the duck basil which was cooked perfectly and had a delicious basil sauce, that was spicy and packed with herbs.  The coconut ice cream is delicious as well.  Good place, but definitely not cheap.   It was close to $300 with all courses, tip, and plenty of wine.  You can probably get thai close to as good as this without the atmosphere and wine for less than $50.
4	Food is delicious. Streamlined decor with dimmed lightning and a touch of wood. A little bit pretentious, but overal very pleasant vibe. Good for romantic dinners, as well as group celebrations.
3	Typhoo is a nice quiet place.  While it isn't anything special, it is a little more upscale than some restaurants around and cheaper than others.I've never had a problem getting a table and you can easily get out with spending an arm and a leg.  But, like I said, nothing really jumps out as spectacular.
5	We had wanted to try Typhoon for months, and finally found time on Saturday night. We did know what to except as far as a wait, so decided to make a reservation, which wasn't really necessary at 7:00 pm. Not attractive from the street, the interior is beautiful. I loved the metal branches that adored the walls, ambient lighting, rich wood covered curved wall. The chairs are blonde wood, simple woven place mats on the tables with a single tea light candle. Four wooden column meet the ceiling topped with blue lighted boxes. Even the rest rooms get star treatment with a large vase of stargazer lilies and sunflowers in the stalls. Very nice touches, it's a great place for a romantic meal. I started with a Thai sunrise drink and BJ had a Harpoon IPA. Jim had tom yum soup which had shrimp in it and I had a green mango salad, which was amazing. It's a large mound of shredded mango tossed with with coconut, crushed peanuts, a cilantro, lime, chili sauce dressing. One minute it's sweet, then crunchy, the next it's spicy, yummy to the final bite, the textures were amazing. For dinner Jim got the green curry noodles and I had the pineapple curry. Both dishes were wonderful! My dish featured 6 very large shrimp, vegetables include asparagus, broccoli, mushrooms and shredded carrots. The sauce had great flavor. Jim's dish include mussels (4), shrimp (2) and scallops (2). and very delicious noodles. He was able to finish his meal with no problem, but I had enough for another meal. And just like Neal M. mentioned, they do not pack your food and bring it back to your table, they give you a number so you can pick it up as you leave the restaurant. Even though our meals were very filling, we could not pass on dessert. We shared the bouchon chocolate brownie served with coconut ice cream, which our server said was made in house. We got two tiny bouchons, (think brownie) served with 2 small scoops of the ice cream, drizzled with a bit of chocolate sauce. It was a perfect ending to our meal. Typhoon is definitely a special occasion restaurant and we had a great evening!
3	There are some higher-priced restaurants that excel in excellent food.  There are other restaurants where after a certain point you're just paying for the service.  Typhoon serves up decent food but is mainly a restaurant where decor and ambiance is king.We started mussels off the appetizers menu to split.  I ordered a duck breast dish for my main entree.  The mussels were pretty good.  They got me excited for my duck breast.  I found my entree to be a bit on the overly sauced side and excessively salty.  It came with sliced duck breast, peppers, onions, mushrooms, cooked in a basil sauce.  The sauce covered up the taste of the duck, which definitely ruined the dish for me.  I don't typically eat too much rice when I'm eating Asian foods, but I ended up eating most of the rice that came with it.I find Typhoon to be slightly better than Soba when it comes to actual food.  I haven't had a chance to try Soba or Typhoon's drinks or desserts yet, so my reviews might change down the road.Until then, 3.5 stars.
2	Very trendy decor, insanely expensive prices$26 for a chicken pad thai? it's really no better than the 7-8 dollar stuff in find in most thai places.  Considering the fact I've had kick ass 3 course thai meals (Tom Kha, an app, and an entree) for $8 that taste much better than this place, Typhoon is complete rip off
3	Summary: 3.5 starsI've now been here a few times, and on the whole, I think their food is pretty good. Not amazing, but reliably decent. I found the duck and fish dishes to be consistently well prepared. Another selling point of this restaurant is that it provides a pleasant space for a leisurely dinner (soothing ambient lighting, harmonious interior decorations, and comfortable seating). If you are in a rush (or if you are starving), though, you might find their unhurried pace maddening.You may find the price quite a bit higher than most Thai restaurants in the area. On the other hand, compared to most "casual-nice" restaurants, Typhoon is a bargain.This is a great place for casual business dinners (esp. during these economically uncertain times): decent food in a tasteful environment without going over your company's budget.Bonus Tip: skip the dessert course and go next door to Oh Yeah! for ice cream.
3	It wasn't too crowded when we went on Saturday night. The decor is warm, dim-lit, and typical of Asian fusion restaurants (think bamboo and Buddhas).We started with the Tuna Tartare ($~10) and the Crispy Tofu with peanut sauce ($8). I liked the Tuna Tartare (but then again, I'm a sucker for ripe avocados) with the soft, rich tartare melting with the thin and delicate wonton crisp. Tofu... okay. Nothing special I was hoping it was more flavorful with the peanut sauce. The steamed spinach didn't add much to it.For my main, I ordered the Shrimp and Scallops with banana raisin yellow curry sauce ($22). I figured since bananas are also one of my weaknesses that I'd like it. The seafood was adequately cooked, though the sauce wasn't amazing, and covered, instead of accented the flavors of the seafood. My party loved the Green Curry Linguine ($22) though.Overall, the food is good at best, but not amazing.
3	Visited for the first time after years of passing by the place.  Like other Yelpers, I was happily surprised by the quality and comfort of the decor and table/seating.  We hosted a visitor to Pittsburgh for dinner at Typhoon, so the company picked up the tab.  This allowed us to sample a half-dozen or so appetizers that I would normally have skipped: pumpkin ravioli, beef wraps, spring rolls, chicken satay, scallops and others.  All very tasty and well presented.  For entrees, we ordered the grilled tuna, pad thai (several variations) and pork.  Again, all well presented and rich with flavor.  And the portions were large and filling.  The service was terrific, attentive and friendly without annoying us.  Only two complaints.  NOISE.  It was not at all a "quiet" place, as one Yelper stated.  We could barely each other talk; we had to resort to shouting across our table of six.   The space doesn't really absorb sound.  Maybe the Friday night crowds are just plan noisier than other nights, dunno.PRICES.  $18 for pad thai.   Seems a bit excessive given the prices of good asian food in other restaurants.  Not sure I'd be stopping by Typhoon if I'm paying the tab out of my own pocket.
