5	Plumbing gods.  Straight shooters with local products and honest answers.  I wish this guy sold everything.
5	One of my favorite stores in the Willy St. area. My knowledge about plumbing is non-existant, but the staff here is so unbelievably patient and helpful, that you can get almost anything done yourself. No matter what your plumbing project is, you would make a huge mistake if you didn't step in here first.
5	You might have to wait a couple minutes because they're explaining something to the person in line ahead of you.  It's worth it though because they take the time to give you the best advise about any plumbing issues.  They have better products than the box stores also.  A toilet flap might cost 3 times as much as at Menards, but it will last 5 times as long.  They have parts for anything that fits right and generally works better.  I've bought from both, and they'll save you time and money in the long run.
5	I'm not sure how much money my conversation at this store saved me. I was having trouble finding a plumber in Madison (for every good review there seems to be a horror story). So, after reading the Yelp reviews and having walked by Howe Brothers numberous times I decided to stop in the store to a) see if my plumbing issues were things i could fix myself b) ask for a recommendation - nice guys from the neighborhood, their opinion would be the deciding factor. I did have to wait a few minutes, the guy was finishing up with another customer. Watching this interaction put me at ease. He took apart a toilet in the store, got the proper tools out and walked the customer through how he would fix it at home. Then he counseled me through how to diagnose and fix three (!!) plumbinig issues. I just bought a house... people hide things. And the best part, one of the first things he said, "You don't need a plumber. You can fix this stuff yourself. Call a plumber when all else fails or when you have a major plumbing problem". I was able to fix everything on my own (I'm just your average person, not much prior plumbing experience- just youtube and this advice).
5	The employees at Howe Brothers sure know their plumbing. I went all over town this weekend to find a part for a little DIY project and no one could help me.I walked into Howe's this afternoon and they knew exactly what I needed to finish my project. Not only that, the man working offered me some great advice on the project and was incredibly knowledgeable.They might be pricier than your favorite big box store, but their knowledge and service can't be beat!
5	I can't speak highly enough about this place. If you have questions and want reliable answers, look no further.  I have used them many times now and always great service!
5	My house and I have a love-hate relationship. I love that it's old and has character. I hate that so much of it has been cobbled-together, thanks to 115+ years of existence and countless owners. I have bigger plans to convert the house into a single-family home after a while, but for now, I'm fixing critical items as necessary. And, a critical fix is due in the upstairs kitchen... someone ran soft, flexible copper tubing to the kitchen sink and managed to kink it badly in several places along the way. Those kinks are now leaking (insert a big "yay").I went over to Howe Brothers to purchase supplies and to solicit some advice. Regan was *super* helpful and offered me a ton of suggestions and tips. He asked a few questions, gave options, and then gathered-up the necessary parts.I bought: 60-feet of PEX tubing, several SharkBite connectors (I love those things), a super crazy 3-way "Frankenstein" supply valve, a traditional supply valve, some collars, two hammer arresters (my new washing machine makes my cold water supply lines jump when doing laundry), some support brackets, and a really awesome new Kohler faucet. + The quality of the gear and fixtures here is far superior to what you'll find at a big box store.+ The technical knowledge and experience is second to none+ The pricing is more than reasonable, given the quality and the flexibility of the staff (need a single washer and not an entire cartridge? No problem).+ Tons of items in stock, and if it's not in stock, it'll be onsite the next dayWhile I was there, I was surprised by how many people came-and-went, and how Regan helped each of them quickly, efficiently, and professionally. Everything from washers to toilet bolt anchor covers... Take note: it's cash or check only - no plastic. But there's an ATM right next to Howe (at Willy St Co-op).I'm definitely a fan and will buy 100% of my plumbing supplies here from now on, no matter what. Truly a great gem in our city.
5	After getting vacant stares from employees at big box stores, and even an associate at another local vendor asking me why I would want to repair a shower over the phone (I will not mention them by name because I like to think that the employee was new, or completely clueless, or maybe a little of both), I happened upon Howe Brothers online.  I was surprised to know that my wife had been to the shop before for a new shower curtain rod.  Her personal review was glowing, so rather than calling ahead I put all of my chips on the table and drove over with my brother. We did wait for a while as there was only one employee working with other customers, but the wait proved to be well worth it.  Knowing next to nothing about indoor plumbing on my end was not a problem.  The man behind the counter new exactly what part we were talking about less than a minute in, produced a new one, told us how it worked and how it would fit, and we were on our way.Customer service at this location is put above everything else.  I cannot put into words the level of satisfaction that I have with this business.  Howe Brothers Pluming on Willy St. is my new go-to, all-things-plumbing source.
