1	This bank is fucking awful. It's never open. WTH? It's 11am on a monday- BUSINESS NEEDS TO HAPPEN NOW. Rude and stupid tellers, who seriously, some of them look like cretins. Not people from Crete, but inbred lummoxes. Some of them, the chicanas are not ugly. Constant and annoying upselling despite repeated requests from me to be left alone by each of them. No, I'm not opening a savings account so you can loan my money out and give me .01% interest compounded yearly for it. Banks exist merely so I can keep a debit account for online shopping. Derp. Who like KEEPS money in a bank? Jerks like the people at this branch, that's who.
2	I really only come here to use their ATM. The couple of times we've had to go inside, it was super packed and not enough tellers. Line moved super slow and the workers never seem to be in a rush to help you. If you are going to be rude or uninterested in your clients..get a job where you don't have to deal with people! Just my opinion.
1	Beware of this bank! We are long time customers of Wells Fargo (20 plus years ) and unfortunately we chose this location to try to take care of very crucial and sensitive banking matters. We went in with a durable financial legal power of attorney to handle some business for our father who was very sick and in hospital. We had original poa of course that had been notarized as required by law and directed by attorney. The young lady helping us( if that's what you want to call it) made a phone call then proceeded to tell us it was Nevada law that a family member could not be named  on the power of attorney !   Then writes a Nevada statue down for us to look up that supposedly supports her out landish response to our request. After speaking to our our attorney turns out this statue is of course bogus and does not pertain to this situation at all. Of course a family member would and could be named as a loved ones power of attorney! Wouldn't that be most people's first choice?of course it would!  If this bank's customer service reps are uneducated in such important sensitive matters they should  point you in the direction to someone in the bank that has common sense and is educated ! And definitely not quote state laws that they completely misinterpret.  Interesting enough we went to Bank of America directly after and took care of accounts there with same power of attorney . And guess what they had no idea of such law and were very caring and helpful during such a hard time. Most everyone will have hard times like this sometime in the future so do yourself a favor now and switch banks. We will be!!! Shame on you Martha... you need educate your people so that this doesn't happen to anyone else.
