5	OkThere is a sushi bar in this AJsAnd, from 2-4:30pm every day (including weekends) they have a sushi happy hour.The sushi is soooooooo fresh, and with happy hour you can ordered 4 salmon nigiris for 7$AMAZINGI've gotten to know the regular sushi chefs, and they're totally cool and will basically make me whatever I can dream up that day.I love it.  LOVE LOVE LOVE it.Mmmm, sushi.(also, near the sushi bar theres a section of cold dips.  I happened across a very small container of "black diamond" brand dips.  I've tried a few, and found that the spinach con queso dip is TO DIE FOR.  Its pricey, 7$ for the small tub, but its so worth it.  Everytime I have people over I'll get a few of these black diamond brand dips and my guests love them too)
5	I love AJ's.  It reminds me of a store back home in Michigan that I used to work at.  Its the Michigan version of AJ's.  So, walking in here, I had a high set of expectations.I am extremely impressed not only with this chain of grocery stores, but with how they maintain such a high standard of service, goods, and never cease to impress me.  This specific location is like every other AJ's..no surprises here.  Great selection of produce, wine, meat, fish, and quality items all the way around.  Sevice was top notch.While I was here, I found out that they were hosting a jazz ensamble, with a musician outside.  I liked it.This place is a little pricy, and good for really specific items.  I would not give up my traditional grocery store for it, BUT, its definately worth adding to the places for your quality produce/wine/meat items.  Worth every penny!
1	I can't even afford the milk here.
5	This place has everything I want.  Love their premium chocolate.  Love the salad bar.  Love the gourmet meats and bottled products.Could easily spend $500 with no problem if I was a glutton which i try very hard not to be.  Well sometimes. maybe.Order a chicken salad on sour dough bread.  I get pepperjack cheese and olive oil and balsamic.  My ideal glutton food shopping exp. would be AJ's and Trader Joes and then stock the bar over at bev moe....
4	I used to visit AJ's only for the sweets (Joseph Schmidt's truffles, gourmet chocolates, cheesecakes/bombes, Napoleons, cannolis, gourmet cookies) and the cheese department.  Noticed Philippines' San Miguel beers available here, too (at least they were last year).  Laloo's goatmilk ice cream used to be sold here, but today's visit yielded none in the aisles.  I've always wanted to try their hot foods, but it was only tonight's dinner that appealed to me- salmon with stuffed crab w/ a white cheese cream sauce.  Sides were an awesome scalloped potatoes w/ bacon and cream sauce and very dry-looking "honey- glazed" carrots.  Thinking I'd have dinner elsewhere, I asked only to sample the potatoes, and they were so delicious!  Next time, plans be da*ned, if AJ's serving anything crab-stuffed and those scalloped potatoes, I'm definitely going to dine there!Other than for the specialty-food counters, you won't catch me shopping here... too expensive!  Better to shop at Whole Foods... Products are less-expensive, many are organic, and you won't find anything with trans-fats!
4	Needed a quickie for the road trip back to the desert sanctuary so I stopped in for a croissant.  Well I must say their bakery was impressive.  I had to have a jesuite, which is a wonderful puff pastry filled with frangipane and topped with sliced almonds and a slightly sweet egg wash.  I also got a few other pastries for the next day's breakfast.  So while I'm on the freeway I am having the most wonderful and frustrating eating experience.  The jesuite was so good I couldn't put it down, but it was so flaky that it was getting everywhere and I couldn't deal with the crumbs because I needed to keep a hand on the wheel.  So I finally gave in and just consumed it and dealt with the mess at the rest stop.  I wanted to savour that little bit of heaven that reminded me of a pastry I always get at the Bellagio, when I'm in Vegas.  Next time I'll enjoy it before the trip, since I can't drive and eat at the same time.
5	Great place to shop, the bakery and coffee area is cheaper than a Starbucks and the pastries are much better. The outside patio is a nice place to read the paper in the morning.The staff is top notch and cares about the customers compared to other markets in town. For quick meals the sushi bar is excellent, so is the salad bar, and deli selections.There is no negative to shopping here, unless you are using it as your main supermarket, then things can get pricey.
4	Ah...Friday night, the work week is over and I love to stop at Aj's to pick up a great dinner. The fresh fish is the best...Ahi, Salmon, Halibut, and more. And they have it 'plain' or prepared. The pecan crusted trout is so yummy. And pick up a stuffed jumbo potato while you are there and you are set. You can also get great veggies and salad stuff and the bakery is not bad too. Good wine selection (a little pricey) but this is definately NOT the place to do your 'stock up' type shopping....most shelf items are way over-priced. But for a great gourmet meal it is the place! Tonight's meal? BBQ jerk halibut, stuffed potatoes and cesear salad....all courtesy of Aj's!
2	This is supposed to be a gourmet grocery store and from what I can ascertain, only maybe 25% of what they stock is gourmet and "exotic". I don't expect everything to be but Wheat Thins and Cocoa Puffs? Really? Whenever I go on a business trip with my husband and I have the day to myself, one of the things I like to do when I'm exploring is to find gourmet markets (I also can't pass a grocery store in Europe without going in). Most recently we were in Santa Clara and I went into one of my favorites, Draeger's in Los Altos, to pick up some lunch. What a difference! They were baking their own croissants and baguettes (compared to selling cakes from the Cheesecake Factory). They even had a chocolate bar - I wouldn't have been surprised to find a bar of Bernachon. Upstairs is a beautiful cooking school. I see places like these and compare it to AJ's and it doesn't even come close. For the most part I feel I can find more "exotic" produce and grocery items and better quality meats at Whole Foods and I really don't want it to be that way. I would love for AJ's to have less of the pedestrian fare and truly stick to being a being a purveyor of fine foods as they purport themselves to be.
4	It's true you can't afford the milk here. BUT it is a great place to get a cool corn relish, fun imported candy you can't find at other grocery stores and cool uncommon cooking accessories.Most important to me this week was, it had fresh fennel on Christmas Eve when every other store in the land had none. It seems to be a great place to get a quick hostess gift  when you are on the way to a party. And they also has common things like  Morton's salt, as well as red sea salt, all kinds of pepper, and many other yummy things I did not have time to look at, or funds to purchase.
4	AJ's - This is a great stop for foodies. Sure you can get some of the regular stuff you get at other grocery stores (like Stouffers frozen dinners and Oreo cookies), BUT why would you when your senses and your shopping basket are already overflowing with so many gourmet ingredients, artisan cookies and pastries, wines, fresh high-quality meat and delicious prepared foods? I love coming in here for some of their prepared foods - the meats are delicious - they have sushi bar, though i don't do sushi, but people love it. The deli makes awesome sandwiches, The bakery has some gorgeous desserts. Not all are made in-house, but what isn't made in-house is all from local businesses like Tammy Coe, Sid's Vicious, to Fairytale Brownies...I don't come here as often as I'd like, only because I don't usually drive that far west on Ray. But whenever I find myself out that way, even if I don't "need" anything, I make a stop at AJs.
5	I used to think Whole Foods was the most expensive place I would shop at- until I found AJ's! A whimsical foodie could easily go broke here. I watch their ads and generally only buy things on sale or occasional indulgences (read: weekly sugar cookie trip). Surprisingly here, some things are no more expensive than other grocery stores (gallons of water, certain condiments, Peanut M&Ms, off the top of my head), but a lot of specialty items and most of the produce are nooooot cheap. Just the act of shopping here makes me giddy- there's nice lighting and soooo much beautiful food all around. My absolute favorite thing here is the bakery- it's top notch. Depending on how early in the day you go, there may or may not be a lot of things to choose from. I love the sugar cookie and also the red velvet cupcake. You can't go wrong with the cheesecakes, and the tartufo we found during the holidays was the richest food i've ever eaten (chocolate mousse and white chocolate mousse layered with chocolate cake, covered in chocolate). Their coffee drinks are also pretty good although I have to ask for a bit less sugar. The prepared food bars are also delicious- they serve a dinner every night that promises a good meal but at a cost of $12-16 a plate. The salad bar is good for lunch. I haven't yet tried the sandwich/pizza bar, but it smells good when i'm there. The sushi bar also has happy hour specials in the afternoons. Going on around the store, there is an extensive meat and seafood counter. The butchers are knowledgeable about what they sell and are happy to cut/wrap things differently for you. Recently there was a sale on Kobe beef and I came in at least 3 times that week! Everything always looks and smells very fresh.Ok, I feel like i've covered the highlights. Beyond this, if you're after something very specific/hard to find, this store will be the one to have it if anyone does. It's fun to come buy a new gourmet salsa/sauce/coffee, snacks, or just look around. Many of the things are expensive, so make sure it's something really special!
4	I love AJ's. A great stop for those who appreciate some finer fare, but they also stock some more standard items. Their meat and produce are consistently excellent.Their prepared foods are wonderful--a great place to grab lunch, or even dinner for the family.  I love the sushi bar, but they will also make you a fresh sandwich, or you can take advantage of the soup/salad bar, or hot foods.Between the excellent bakery and the helpful staff in the wine area, AJ's is always my pre-dinner-with-friends stop.
5	AJ's is the Steamy Hot S#%@! I am not going to write a long detailed review here, no one wants to read more than a few lines anyway. Sure there may be places that have stuff cheaper, but if you need something of quality, that is fresh, and might be a little obscure...then this is your place! Check out the Hot Sauce section! I use AJ's all the time for convenience and selection. I am a Big Fan!
5	Radicchio on the fly! Had just what I needed and always very friendly and helpful.
4	I really should stop watching Food Network's "Cupcake Wars" on DVR while I'm running on the treadmill...  After many weeks of craving cupcakes, I finally relented and made a quick stop at AJ's to see if the boulangerie had cupcakes for sale.  I found a few cupcakes from Tammie Coe's and My Dad's Favorite (the clerk's fave out of the two) bakeries.  Out of the two, only MDF was available for purchase by the mini-cupcake ($1.50)-- TC's came in half-dozen or dozen batches.  (MDF also came in singular regular-sized cupcake packs for $4 each.)  I was jonesing for varied flavors, such as those I'd seen in Cupcake Wars, but all I had to choose from were chocolate minis w/ coconut-flaked frosting, or vanilla minis w/ multi-colored and glitter-dusted vanilla frostings (so uninspired), so I chose the coconut.  I should've let the mini cupcake sit out to warm up to temperature for awhile, bec. the frosting was so hard when I took a bite :(  The cake itself was OK, and I liked the bit of frosting that had coconut flakes in it, but all I could taste in the frosting was butter- yech!  Oh, but wait!  I didn't just try the cupcake here... oh no.  My attention was drawn to the salted caramel and BACON brownie when the woman ahead of me chose it for herself (along w/ a slice of key lime pie and a carrot cake).  May I sample the brownie, please?  Oh, yes?  Why, thank you!  I really shouldn't have asked for the sample, bec. I loved it so much, I bought a whole piece ($2.99).  Why do I torture myself like this?  I really don't enjoy working out on the treadmill!  No, that's not wholly true-- I don't like the first 15 mins.  But still!  I don't need to splurge on a brownie, much less one that is frosted w/ a chocolate ganache, salted caramel, AND crumbled bacon pieces!  Next time you're craving for something savory AND sweet, try the salted caramel and bacon brownie and thank me later.p.s.  The German chocolate brownie is good, too :DMusic accompaniment: Crowded House, Together Alone.
3	Ummm... well, it's like college lacrosse. The deli and pastry cases look divine. And like the lacrosse team, I tend to get sucked in by looks and then feel a burning sensation in my rumpus afterward. But I digress... I like bacon. I like brownies. Salty, sweet. For instance, I happen to LOVE salted caramel. However... a bacon brownie... was the most vile thing I have ever tasted. And the asshole who came up with the BLUE CHEESE BROWNIE??? THAT douche needs to have his head flushed down the toilet.However, I do love their ham and cheese croissants... buttery, salty, flaky, perfect. And the little individual cherry-topped cheesecakes are thick, moist, and heavenly.
5	The staff at the coffee/dessert counter, or the "fish bowl" as we call it, are the best!  Always friendly and smiling!! Thanks!
4	The sommelier Chris, is one of the most subtle and low profile wine experts I have ever met! I had fun talking wine with him but was in awe of his vast knowledge! The store has a great selection of fresh products, gourmet food and good quality staple items for cooking. I go for the cheese, garlic, olive oils, but I always come away with a tip or idea from someone in the store or better yet. a great wine pairing idea. Great girts for foodies too! Just overall wonderful place to shop if you take pride in what you serve/prepare.
4	Back in 2005 when my relatives ran a business next door i used to come to Aj's specifically for their deserts...i mean their 'boulangerie' counter. Just recently I've come back for more.Their magic bars have stayed consistent. A magic bar isn't JUST a magic bar ya know-here they make it to my liking. That's all. Worth shopping for the best sweets here which is different than a mass chain grocery store...Beware of the deceptive alternative fruit deserts. Just because it seems like the more 'sensible' choice, don't kid yourself when you're excessivly popping down those yummy fruit tartes 1 after another. I know, I know. Hyperglycemia never tasted so good ;)
4	This grocery store reminds me of a Whole Foods, they are obviously trying to capture an upscale clientele but the emphasis in this store is not so much organic or green as it is just high quality.  I found a health product here for example that I have never found anywhere else, so that was pretty cool.Buuuut hey, they had almost no chiles in the fresh produce section which I thought was kinda bizarre since we're maybe 200 miles from Mexico here!  The fish looked ok but I have seen better.  The meat section was nice.  They had a lot of packaged stuff that looked cool, all in all an interesting alternative to your average store.
3	I don't know if I could ever see myself saying, "Hmmm...I better stop by AJ's after work for some groceries..." but to enjoy some of their prepared food options, sure! They have a great bakery; the fancier desserts are definitely on the pricey end but there other baked goodies are great for breakfast (like muffins and pastries) and are very reasonably priced. Hands down, the best muffin of my life is their Pistachio muffin. I wouldn't say that I am a nut freak. I don't normally gravitate towards foods with nuts but this muffin is out-of-this-world delicious! It has a green tint and at most of the stores tends to sell out first thing in the morning. It has a rich vanilla flavor that is hard to describe and must be experienced. The have a deli which offers sandwiches and side salads. These are pretty pricey but I like to treat myself every now and then. Considering you are in a grocery store and order a sandwich to go and end up eating at a table outside, $25-$30 for two people for two sandwiches, pasta salad, and drinks seems pretty steep to me. Plus it's not sub sized, it's on regular bread. They have pizza which is pretty good and they offer it by the slice. I've never had their hot food but they are supposed to have a pretty good pasta bar once a week where they make pasta to order.
4	Everytime I'm near an AJ's, I have to stop in... at least, for an iced tea. It's $1.50 for a large and it's quite refreshing. I've never been to AJs for grocery shopping but I have stopped by for desserts and lunch here and there. They are pretty similar at all locations prepared food wise except I've noticed the bakery items varies from locations. At this particular one, they have pillow cookies that I have not seen at other locations. They are 50 cents each and I usually pick up one or two for a little treat. My favorite would have to be the coconut or almond ones.You can get pizza by the slice here. As well as, sandwiches or make your own salad at the salad bar. Soups are hit and miss... sometimes they have really good ones, other days they are ehhh... You can also find sushi and other full sized entrees in the hot food case.
4	Aj's is a remarkable place! Every time I go in here I spend at least a good hour in here. They have the prettiest flowers which are not too expensive! A wide array of different foods that are all the best and finest choices! I love that this store is right down the street from my house!
4	Searching high and low for Spanish ingredients, I would pick up an odd or end here and there ... and there isn't much in the Valley, so I mostly ordered online...but AJ's was the best one stop shop locally for imports from Spain:1.  Bomba rice for paella2.  Variey of tinned items - squid, octopus, tuna, sardines3.  Three varieties of hard chorizo, including hot4.  Assortment of sherry vinegars5.  Tortas de aceite - olive oil tortas (this version was rosemary flavor)6.  $$$ 2-3 Spanish cheeses, ie. manchego is easy to find but this quality was nicer than Costco, TJ, F&E if you're really willing to spend $17-20/lbSur La Table in the same plaza also has a few items.
5	AJ's is a great store. They have higher-end food, products and it just feels classier than any grocery stores out there. If Norstrom were to open a food store AJ's would be that store.We typically come here when we can't find that funky ingredient you need for a Food Network recipe not easily found at a Fry's or Basha's.Robert Pfeifer
4	This place is great for out of the ordinary food items, and they have a good selection of wine. They also have some of the most beautiful flowers (take note, boys). However, I usually come for the dessert. They have a little bakery section with absolutely amazing desserts. I just wish this place wasn't so pricey, but, sometimes it is worth the splurge for the high end food and classy atmosphere. So much better than sterile aisles packed with cans and boxes and being checked out by lackluster cashiers. If I were rich, this would be my grocery store of choice, no doubt.
5	I have never been afraid of high prices.  Well, unless its for crap.  But I live by "you get what you pay for" and AJ's delivers.From the meat to the dairy, its all good.  The deli selection is top quality and you will find meats from around the world here; cheeses too!  And the pre-made salads: pasta, potato and fruit - oh my!  In the deli they offer a salad bar that is bar-none (you like that?, yeah me too).  Do you like beer and have always wanted to try something new without commiting to a full six-pack?  Come here as they offer a wide variety of beers by the single.  Love it, buy the whole pack, hate it? try a different one.The bakery is top notch.  Exotic cakes and pastries to tantelize any tast bud.  When I go here I always get a Jesuite, it's a french pastry that is flaky, filled with cream and powered with sugar.  So yummy, a must have! add to that a nice chocolate selection.I love to shop and they have an awesome home section with the cutest and most unique items to make any home sparkle.  If you want to show off how much you care with flowers; you must come here.  AJ's will make you something to impress all!
5	The Chorizo and egg burritto is pretty bomb-diggity.  Not so spicy that you spend the rest of the day, stopping at every water fountain but hardly appropriate for milquetoasts.  Five bucks for this belly buster.The patio is well-appointed, clean, and has space heaters for those winter months
3	I go here for some things on occasion... they make good deserts/sweets and I can get a few things that are not in many other places.Other than that, they are expensive.... similar to Whole PayCheck Foods so for the majority of the items I need I buy they for 30% less at the regular grocery store.
5	AJ's is not for the cheap grocery visit, but it is a wonderful store.  The meat counter is second to none.  They are very helpful and everything is top quality.  My favorite thing there is all the prepared foods.  From the Deli Salads, Pizza, Sandwiches, Pastries and coffee this place is fantastic.Things to Get:  - Kobe Burgers  - Veggie Pizza  - Make your own Pasta on Thursdays  - Deli Salads  - Brownies
5	Samples!!!! I ADORE samples of food while shopping ! The produce available is awesome even experimented with some new things we had never tried before. I love everything about this place. The produce, the deli and pre made foods in the meat department are all mouth watering and I end up buying way more than what i intended. Also a very decent craft beer selection too. I felt like a gourmet cook when i got home with all my specialty food and drinks :)
4	Great place to come and sit outside for an after meal dessert with coffee/tea--or your morning coffee/tea and pastry. There is something for everyone. Fruit tarts, brownies and pretzel bread are my personal faves. My kids get a FREE cookie when they come with me! Coffee and tea is full-service and the staff are always accomodating for special requests.Patio is lovely; service (counter only) is efficient and amiable.
5	Marble rum cake is to die for.  So is the tiramisu cake.  Recently they started selling macarons as well, for under $1 each, which makes a nice snack when you're craving some french cookies :)
4	This review is for their sushi bar only. I have been going to AJ's sushi bar since 2006. At that time, the sushi chefs were awesome and I'd totally rate it four stars. Since that time they've had a lot of turn over, the hours have been cut, and generally their value for the price and the quality of the fish has gone downhill. Sadly, I will have to find a new place for my sushi take-out, as it is no longer worth the drive or the $$.2013 update: They've re-hired some of the old sushi chefs and this has returned to one of my favorite take-out sushi bars. The quality is back up with the old chefs working, and I'm happy they're back on my good side!
4	Great happy hour sushi lunch..  Danny the chef is the friendly as well as the manager and front of store staff. ( Carolyn ,Loretta ,) keep pouring  the china mist tea.. :).. good ownership too.. Always there checking on the biz.. I travel to all the locations in Phoenix , Scottsdale and this location is the friendliest of the bunch.
5	Unless you are a bag-a-zillion-aire you will not want to do ALL your grocery shopping here....However, I am a serious foodie and entertaining diva AND I love to treat myself to lots of things so of course I love AJ's.  I could spend hours in here just looking at all the possibilities......So go ahead and if you love food and like to eat and also always be the one with the stuff people rave about at a party....put a visit to Aj's on your short list.....
5	Coming to AJ's is always pleasant.  They have anything you can think of as far as exotic foods.  Thir pastries are so beautiful that you really don't want to eat them and when you do eat them they are delicious. I love this place.
3	Try the cookies for 50 cents each - they are big and tasty. Chocolate Chip of course. Wandered into this store, knowing that of course, it is overpriced and kinda like Whole Foods. They have way more items at Whole Foods in the grab and go category, but most other things seem equal. Made it out of there with a nice Chicken Breast for 4 bucks, some rice with pinenuts and thick corn tortillas. I pretty much went through every aisle and unless you really don't care about money, it will be hard to justify buying some items at those prices. The $9 box of cookies, the $8 jar of salsa, the $10 oatmeal concoction, etc. Well, either way, buy what you can afford cause some products are unique. The dinner I had turned out good and the cookies were the best part for desert.
4	One of my fave places to come for a sandwich, yummy iced tea and dining al fresco.  This is a wonderful fresh market and upscale food to order place.  And their sushi is top grade and fresh..delish.  My one small complaint would be to go back to Boars head deli meats.  No excuse not to use Boar's head.  And get some Real New York type pastrami..not this fake stuff that is way too lean and tasteless.  Other than that, appreciate the great clerks that work the counters..always nice, quick, helpful and knowledgeable about their food.
5	If you want quality meats, veggies and fruits AJ's is the place for you. The bottom line is you get what you pay for here. Everything is great.
4	Great place to find some tasty goods that are difficult to locate elsewhere! If you are a bit of a fanatic for beer, wine, cheese, baked goods, or some higher end groceries, you will find a lot to be happy about here. They also have great iced tea, italian soda, dinners ready to eat, and a huge salad bar. It's great if you are looking for a light meal and dessert without doing the whole restaurant thing. They have plenty of outdoor seating for you to enjoy what you just purchased.I have found some oddball stuff here like off-brands of pasta sauce, olive oil, and other "fine foods" as they mention. They also have premium meats and seafood, and hard-to-find things like British banger sausage.DO NOT buy regular stuff here that you can get at a mainstream grocery store. Their produce and other everyday items are marked up by at least 50% just because you are at AJ's. No sense in paying $2.00 for a can of tuna when the exact same can is 79 cents at Fry's or Safeway.
2	Tried one of their soups the other day and it was hideous. Stay away from the bacon Potato Soup because the chef put a ton of dill in it and that is all the soup tasted like - a bowl of Dill Soup. Also tried a brownie (not everything is made in-house) and that was over-iced, but otherwise decent enough. Found Prickly pear BBQ sauce and prickly pear jelly so that is good news. The parmesan pasta in the display case had some moments, but needed salt and pepper.
5	Great spot to pick up breakfast, lunch, or dinner to go or sit outside! I really enjoyed my Kobe burger at the outside grill. I will return!
5	This place makes me love to grocery shop.  So many high end, yummy things.  Expensive, but amazing.
5	Oh jeeze. AJ's is one dangerous place for me . . . No way would I ever do my weekly grocery shopping here - Far too expensive! I LOVE cooking, entertaining and hospitality. When I'm having my family or friends over for dinner or a party, I'll pull out all of the stops and do some of my shopping here. Superb wine and beer selection and everything else in between that you could possibly need to be an excellent host. If you're thinking about hitting up "Yuppie Lunch Hour", just do it! I work nearby, and a lot of us will come here frequently for lunch. Excellent soup and salad bar, and the sushi is always pretty fresh. Happy hour is from 2-4 . . . daily! And you can't beat $1.51 for a GINORMOUS iced tea - Suck on that, Starbucks! Blackberry Sage tastes great. Too bad it's only available Saturday. Great place to get your coffee fix as well. **UPDATE 6/11: Reusable iced tea and coffee tumblers are BACK -  75 cent refills on iced tea and brewed coffee DAILY! $10.99. Hurry if you want one; these babies go fast . . . been meaning to get one since February!**At the end of the day, you get what you pay for, and AJ's exceeds expectations in terms of quality.
4	I mainly go here for afternoon snacks wih my daughters.  They have very fairly priced pizza by the slice. Don't be fooled because of the "uppety" vibe this place gives out.  I've compared their prices to Bashas and most times AJ's prices are lower.
5	Excellent place to buy meat, fish and fowl. Like there BBQ area, they make the best Kobe Burger for the price! You can buy the raw Kobe burgers in the store and make your own, the Sashimi is better than most high dollar restaurants. Overall the store is high end but well worth the price.
5	We have been loyal AJ's customer at this location for over 11 years. My husband an I have recently become vegetarians and we also no longer eat dairy, but we love vanilla latte's! We also don't drink soy milk, we do drink  Almond or Coconut milk, you can't go to Starbucks or almost anywhere to get a Latte with one for these milk options. We asked Chris R. an amazing employee at AJ's if she could make us a latte with Almond milk, and she did and it is the most delicious Vanilla Latte ever!!! A few months ago we were in Tucson and wanted a Latte, and the girl working would not make us one with the Almond milk, so we had to get ice tea. The Latte's are not cheap they run just under $5.00 each but worth it.Chris R. always remembers us when we come in and makes us feel great to be customers at this AJ's in Chandler. Next time your at AJ's in Chandler ask Chris R. to make your drink you will love it!
4	I work near here and visit 4-5 times a week.  Iced tea, baked goods, hot foods, salad bar, all are tasty.  Staff is usually pretty friendly but can be short when they are busy.
5	This is a great little store, with a very nice wine section. It is the best gourmet store I've ever seen. They really do it right!
4	I love the feeling I get when I walk into Aj's, but I don't love the feeling of emptiness in my pockets as I walk out. I'm a sucker for their bakery, and of course that's the first thing I see every time I walk in. Fresh flaky pastries, scrumptious pumpkin goodies (the cheesecake, my goodness!) and a plethora of beautiful handcrafted chocolate delights. Who can resist? Not I. And that's the reason I never shop here, UNLESS I'm specifically looking for baked goodies. I love to come here and buy fancy things that will make those that I love happy or find that rare fancy cheese that nobody else seems to carry, but when it comes to day-to-day grocery shopping, I'm doing it FRY'S VIP style.
5	I stopped her to pick up some grocery odds and ends. The staff is very friendly as always. I don't get here often but when I do it's always good.
4	I recently started working in this area and discovered Aj's! I had heard rave reviews from friends but I had never been to an Aj's myself. I am very impressed. I have been stopping by every couple of days to try out the salad bar and soup options. They also have an amazing selection of craft beers that I scoped out today. I have not shopped here yet for other grocery items but it looks like they have a great selection of healthy foods and harder to find local items. The bakery is also very nice and has a good selection of bagels, pastries, brownies and cupcakes. I ordered a green chile bagel here the other day for lunch which was delicious. The berry acai tea is also wonderful. Really I have not found anything bad about this place so far. The service has also been great on every visit. Top notch. I will be back.
2	Appeared to be a beautiful market, though was quite disappointed when going through the check-out line that had the Store Director "helping out". He didn't really even acknowledge me (e.g. ask how I was doing, if I found everything okay or even really acknowledge another human being was across from him). Instead he was talking to another person behind me and then answered the phone as he rang up my items. The only thing he said to me was "would you like something to drink with that?" So, if that is leading by example... ?? Beautiful decor and great selection are just part of a success story, though leadership that models great customer service is something essential. My suggestion is "Pay attention and be in the moment with the customer, Mr. Store Director (Ralf Wilhelm)..."
4	AJ's has become my quick grab & go over the past 2 years, whether it's a premade breakfast parfait or make it yourself salad bar, I am rarely let down. My husband is a fan of their breakfast burritos, although we suggest bringing your own hot sauce. Try to make it for dinner on Taco Tuesdays, BUT always call ahead to confirm it will be set up. This place is great for some solo time or with a group of 10 because they have a huge assortment of options. Definitely try their prickly pear iced tea with an orange!
5	Great store with a lot of high-end merch.  awesome deli with a huge variety of prepared foods, sandwiches & pizza.  Alos, a sushi bar with excellent quality fish.  I even found steak sauce from Peter Luger's of Brooklyn!  AJ's reminds me of Whole Foods, but nicer and not all about organics.
3	I never shop shop here-grocery wise. I do however frequent the bakery area for some delicious passion fruit ice tea. Sometimes I'll even walk away with a little treat to satisfy a sweet tooth. Other than that your on your own. Good luck
5	Love this place and the ladies in the bakery coffee spot are so nice a d friendly. They make my day brighter
5	The place holds up to it's name with fine foods. The customer service and employee knowledge is also exemplary.
5	Love, love & love Michelle in the bakery department! She made a beautiful 10yr anniversary cake my husband! We got married in Vegas and we didn't have a wedding cake.... The cake she made, completely made up for it! So yummy!
3	I've been here in quite a few different occasions & have had different experiences. As far as the store goes, AJ's is very unique there are many different options as far as the groceries go - condiments, spreads, snacks, etc. Almost everything is pretty overpriced but if you're looking for something different, there are good options.Then there are the bakery & hot food items. I've had quite a few items from the bakery area & I think that the muffins are the best; The chocolate croissant is also a good option. I've tried some of their cakes as well & overall they are tasty but there is way too much frosting / sweet stuff on all of them. If you get one though, I recommend getting the Mango Raspberry one. They set up a taco bar & pasta bar once a week & it's completely worthless. Also, unfortunately the other food isn't that great so I recommend skipping out on that.
5	I will confess. I usually hate to go grocery shopping. Im very short and easily distracted so I tend to get run over or startled in large grocery stores. My oasis is AJs on Ray.  Its always relaxed and peaceful. I know what I want, (mmmm cinnamon raisin bread) and they always have what I need in stock. Everyone that has assisted me (typically reaching the higher shelves) has been polite and courteous. The checkers and funny and very personable. My girls and I like to meet for our weekly gossip session on the patio, the food, iced tea and environment is always pleasant.  Thus far they have been tolerant of how boisterous my ladies can become, I cannot say this of all the  establishments in the valley. I happily continue to visit each week. Thank you for valuing your customers.
5	Great selection, Smart & polite staffThe staff are very personable, produce selection is vast and diverse, spices, frozen foods, deli, sushi bar, beer and wine selection better than most grocery stores, and you can't top the plethora of free samples. It goes past making shopping tolerable to enjoyable.
1	Meh. Went here Saturday morning and thought the breakfast burros looked good. They are big and $5.99 each. Got one chorizo and one bacon. Thought since it's AJ's and $6 each - they had to be good. Nope. I swear the eggs tasted powdered or liquid or something. Not freshly cracked. They also seemed undercooked. The 'bacon' was disgusting. It looked as if they processed it through a meat grinder or food processor. It was chewy and fatty and undercooked as well. No crisp whatsoever. Because it was so finely ground, you couldn't even pick it out of the burrito.  There was very little cheese. In my 35 years of living in Phoenix, I have never had a more disappointing breakfast burro. It's not a difficult thing to prepare.  At $6 each it should have been better. At AJ's, I expect so much more. Never again.
4	Great source for the finer food and drink in life. Extensive wine selections and friendly, educated wine staff. The meats and seafoods are always fresh and of top-notch quality. During this visit, we enjoyed the fresh bagels and pastries, eating them on the patio in a pleasant setting for people watching. Our go-to breakfast place in the cooler months.
4	AJ's stores are consistently good. While I wouldn't do every day shoppng here, you can get some great speciality items that really bring out the best in your cooking. In addition the service is very good at AJ's, and the people are very warm and friendly. This store has tremendous staff in the bakery, and they are very friendly and provide great service. A great deal can be had by getting a large iced tea, freshly brewed and a cool treat, even during our hotest days.Another treat at this store is the great hot fresh entrees you can purchase. A very wide variety is availble, for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. If you don't feel like cooking- this place is your second home. Enjoy.
1	Fine store, my issue was with the rude cashier. I informed her they were out and the coffee cup in my hand should've clued her in what I was talking about. She made some snarky comment about not being a mind reader and then rang me up full price when it was a refill. Maybe it wasn't a good day. Or maybe she should quit and drive a school bus. Frumpy old heavy set lady with black hair. My whole experience with her was unpleasant.
5	Some of the best sushi around, and they have a sushi happy hour.  Very good and very inexpensive.
