3	Frankie's used to be my favortie Italian food in town, but I haven't been very satisfied with my last 2 visits.  The food that used to be so delicious was mediochre and barely food.  The food was oily and just plain ok.  Also i think our waiter was on math or something, either that or he was just really out of it.  Everything about this place lately has just been average- go to Porofino for better prices and better food.
4	We went on Saturday night.  Loved the bruschetta!  The best we'd had in a while.  The wine selection is a little over the top but everything else seemed reasonably priced.  The meat sauce on their spaghetti with meatballs was pleasantly rustic and garlicky.  The half chicken was huge but overall portions weren't ridiculous.  If we hadn't been out all day and starving by the time we got there, we might have tried dessert.  Our server was great too but we noticed another table with a different server wasn't getting appropriate attention.  So they may still be working on adequate staff.  Still, we would go back.  They're worth the effort.  When they work the kinks out this will become a regular joint.
3	If there were a two and a half star, I would have selected it.I went with a group of  six .My friend happens to love Frank Sinatra and it was his b-day so we gave this place a shot.The "italian dishes" our table ordered were lets say....not so Italian tasting. My b-day friend ordered the salmon and he enjoyed it . IMO this is a step up from a chain,thats it. Good atmosphere. and our server was enjoyable ( I'm trying to stay positive here.)
4	I'm not completely positive, but I'm pretty sure this place is named after Frankie "Blue Eyes" Sinatra. He's pictured throughout the place & I don't think it's a coincidence the place is called Frankie's.Located in the Dilworth area of Charlotte, you're in the nice part of town so expect to pay a hefty price for dinner. I've only been for dinner, so I can't comment on the lunch menu, but this place seems too upscale & nice to not be a date night retreat. I suppose if I had a well paying job I could swoon my girlfriend here more often, but for the food & price, I'd just prefer this as a date night joint.The food is quite tasty, so don't think I'm not a fan of it. Being half Italian, spaghetti sauce flows through my veins, so any Italian restaurant lights up my radar. I've had a couple of their dishes & they feed you a hearty meal that will soothe your hungry stomach. While not the best pasta dishes in the world, it's pretty good & there's a reason the place is always packed for dinner.If you do date night here, they have an extensive wine & beer list so both you & the misses are happy. The service is absolutely extraordinary, or maybe we just had a really good waiter one time. I was there with my girlfriend's friend's bday dinner & the waiter crooned her much like Sinatra would with the Happy Birthday song. Yep, count me impressed.So while Frankie's may not be a weekly dinner destination, if you're in the Dilworth area with your misses & craving Italian, then this place won't disappoint. You may even leave the place looking to download some Frank Sinatra when you get home.
4	I met up with friends for a birthday gathering at Frankie's.  It was my first time and, while I usually don't go out of my way for Italian, I was very impressed with Frankie's.  I felt like I stepped back in time.  The ambiance and decor seemed elegant from the 50s era, yet the friendliness of the server and the atmosphere was casual.  The menu contained everything you'd expect on an Italian restaurant menu and everything from the bread to the appetizer to the entree to the wine tasted delicious.  Frankie's is definitely a place you can take friends and family to impress them, but not spend a fortune doing so.
5	My fiance LOVES Italian food. I had just moved from Louisiana to NC I was tired of eating Olive Garden all the time, so he took me to Frankies. I really love this place! Its a beautiful scenery inside. We go here often but on special occasions. It takes me back, haha. I wouldn't recommend a first time visit on Valentines Day.
2	Are u kidding me $53 for a mediocre meal!!!!! That was nothing short of robbery. Dot get me wrong the interior design was great I just wish the food was good also!!!!!!!!!
