5	I'm honored to write the first review for this location as it just had it's soft opening today.  I was walking by after dinner and was invited in for some coffee and dessert.  With it being too close to bedtime, I passed on the coffee but could not resist ordering a peanut butter cup Belgian waffle to go. Even in a to go box, the waffle was beautiful with peanut butter and Nutella drizzled artistically over the top and the whipped cream mindfully placed in a separate plastic cup with a lid.  The whole ensemble was placed in a plastic bag with extra napkins and a fork and knife.  I'm always surprised how many restaurants fail to include little things like that. Since they have some cute bistro tables and free wifi, I ended up opening up my bag and staying a bit to enjoy my waffle in the cool summer air outside.  The waffle was crisp, flavorful, and the toppings only made it better.  I can also see how they say you can eat it naked (no toppings).  Being a Nutella junkie, if I see it on a menu, I have to order it. They had an offering with bacon which I just might have to try next go around.The owner, Art, personally came out to greet me and we chatted a bit about the lack of real coffee shops in the area.  Living within walking distance, I am very pleased to not only find a small (non chain) coffee shop in my area, but one that serves amazing and reasonably priced breakfast.  My peanut butter cup waffle was a bit over $5 but that's less than I can get out for one drink at other (green international chain) coffee shops.I'm looking forward to trying other waffles (maybe the maple cream and bacon one) on my next visit!
5	Ok, so transpose everything I've ever said about Cast Iron Waffles and move it about 10 minutes from where I live. BOOM. Now, my favorite waffles in town are holdin' steady in South Park and boy, oh boy, does that make me one happy camper. Same old liege-style waffles, happy staff, hotter than lava and delicious coffee. So, so, so, so happy to see these guys expanding the brand throughout Charlotte. If you haven't experienced these waffles, make a trip. Hell, make two trips. I love that they have the bottled cokes made with real sugar. One of my go-tos if I'm not in the mood for coffee. If you're planning your maiden voyage for CIW, go for the naked variety. It'll give you a good idea of how to build on the basic waffle.This location is located right next to George's in Piedmont Row. Parking in the garages or on the street. There is a bit more space than the location in Blakeney. Enough room to do a victory dance after enjoying a waffle, no doubt. Welcome, welcome, welcome to the neighborhood, guys! SO THRILLED to see you in South Park!
5	I am glad to see them open!! The waffles are awesome the coffee is amazing and the workers are so polite! If you haven't tried the waffles run don't walk now! You won't be disappointed! YUM
4	This isn't your ordinary leggo-my-eggo waffle house. They serve waffles made from a sugary and buttery confection of dough, not batter. For a newbie like me, I settled on the plain waffle and will eventually work myself up to a full loaded waffle. The plain had just enough sweet for me to handle on my initial tasting. The sugar caramelizes on the edges to form a crisp, delicious bite. If your sweet tooth gets an aching, go for the berry toppings or the one with syrup and bacon. Next, order up a latte! I had not seen a crispy marshmallow flavor before so heck, why not try everything new?! It was very good and they offer a bunch of different flavors in case that doesn't tickle your fancy. If you're not the coffee-going type, then will tea do? They have a nice variety of teas to choose from as well.It is in prime location in South Park in the prestigious Piedmont Row (where the Starbucks used to be). Service was very friendly.They also have WiFi, but don't go here thinking you're going to crank out a bunch of work. I found it a tad slow and my husband and I were the only ones in there. Maybe once they get more of a crowd, they'll bump up their internet package. Although the WiFi was their weakest link, they have lots of outlets. Oh, let me not forget to mention their very clean bathroom.Nice to see you in the neighborhood, Cast Iron Waffles!
4	So if you like waffles, you'd better get all up in this place... Seriously.  It's absolutely delicious... I went with a couple friends to celebrate one of them finishing a triathelon and we had a great time... I ordered the one with maple buttercream and bacon on top... I think it's called the Lumberjack... It was out of this world, but let me tell you something... There is a reason they do not provide extra syrup or butter in this place... You'd probably end up in some sugar induced coma if you added anything to this... I am obsessed with sweets and even I couldn't finish it all in one sitting... The set up of the shop is a little Starbucks-ish, but different... We didn't know what to do since we hadn't been there before but we felt our way around... We weren't sure if we were supposed to clear our table since they delivered the food to us, so we went ahead and did that ourselves... No big... The staff were hilarious and I enjoyed interacting with them...  That waffle was a straight up fluffy taste explosion and I loved every minute of it... I guess I'll have to work up my sugar tolerance because I refuse to leave another one unfinished... Maybe I'll just go classic next time... OH!  Keep in mind, all they do is waffles... If you want bacon strips, eggs, grits or any other waffle accompaniments, there is none of that here... It's just waffles... Good thing they're frickin fabulous!
5	Holy bacon, maple leige waffle!!! Talk about extra delicious, and addicting.First of all the staff (which is always a make or break deal for me).  Not only were they friendly, knowledgeable and accommodating, but very energetic and down to earth.  You can tell a lot about the management and owners by their employees, and this staff is a true testament to how well they have been trained.   Kudos to the owners (heather I think was her name) who is always in the store with a smile.Now for the waffles, delicious is an understatement! Shortly I will need to admit myself into a waffle (to clarify a "Liege waffle") rehab facility in the near future as these are addicting.  Perfect on their own with a little powder sugar, but add their maple butter, bacon or nutella and you will become a regular in now time.  Well done and glad you are in southpark.  Close to home and I have already made it a daily destination.
4	I simply love this place as I am a waffle addict.....not any waffle but the type of waffle that is carefully put together with the perfect taste....only a few places in Charlotte have the gift but this place is on another level all together because the waffles are delish and sweet......now understand that the sweetness of this waffle is on 10 so it's more of a dessert and I probably wouldn't go for breakfast again as the sweetness lingered long after I had left but that won't stop me from returning:-)
5	I visited Cast Iron Waffles recently and I have to say that it wasn't exactly what I was expecting.  I thought it was a breakfast place where you could waffles, eggs, bacon, etc.  Instead, it is more like a coffee shop that happens to serve waffles.With that being said, the waffles are absolutely delicious.  I had a naked one, which obviously has nothing on it, and it was so very tasty.  I also tried the cinnamon roll waffle which was way too good.  To me, the waffles seem more like a dessert than breakfast though.  So, I'm pretty sure I when I go from now on (and I definitely will be going often), it will be when I'm wanting a cup of coffee and have a sweet tooth, rather than a breakfast meal.
4	I've been looking forward to trying the new waffle & coffee shop since they opened... finally got around to stopping by this past weekend. Twice! That should tell you I really enjoyed my first visit.I'm not sure if Cast Iron is more of a coffee shop or a waffle shop. The owner said proudly she thought they were both! I think she may be right. They have a ton of coffee, latte & tea options. Their espresso machine was down during my first visit, but the iced toffee nut latte I had to get was so good, I got another iced latte (creamscicle) during my second visit.I couldn't control my temptations & got a waffle each time. As other Yelpers recommended, I tried the Lumberjack (with bacon!) on my first visit. But I preferred the Slowberry waffle I got on my second visit. I liked the overall flavor better & I think the waffle was fresher on a Sunday morning.Having been in the shop now, I can see why they only offer waffles. It's a small space. They don't have room for much else. However, I do wish there were some other food options available. For good coffee from a local place & an occasional calorie splurge on a waffle, I'm happy to have Cast Iron Waffles in Southpark.
1	I went to the Ballantyne location yesterday morning (seperate review for that location). My oldest daughter has been asking me to check it out because she wanted to go their on our date night. The Ballantyne location closes at 4pm, so we decided to go to the Southpark location, which as the website says, closes at 9pm. We show up about 715, see the neon "OPEN" sign turned on, and all the lights inside turned on, but the door is locked. A facially pierced young man opens the door and explains that they are starting to close around 7 now. I explained our situation, disappointed daughter in tow, and he half heartedly apologizes and offers if he can get me anything... I still dont know what that means.. if they are closed, they are closed. We came there to sit down and enjoy some time together. So I am posting one star for the lame attitude, for NOT turning off the bright neon open sign (was still on at 8pm when we walked by later) how hard is it to shut off lights? Also for not posting on the web that your hours are changing, that doesnt take too long either, and for disappointing my little girl. That was really a bummer.
5	Their waffles are amazing!!!!!  The inside of the place is cozy and it's perfect for a quiet coffee time with a friend or simply just being on your lap top.  Everyone that works there is friendly and knowledgeable about what's on the menu.  I love this place.
1	Big disappointment!  We have been to Belgium and know Belgium Waffles and these are close, but not what we remembered.Eating out of a plastic tray with plastic knives and forks and drinking from "to go" cup is not what we expected.  Sorry, but we do not expect to return.  They missed the mark by a mile.
3	This is my revised rating after conversations with an owner that is interested with his customer's satisfaction.
2	I really want to love this place, I promise. I keep going with hopes it will be like my first time at the Ballantyne location, or even as good as the small bite I got at the yelp event they were at. But all 3 times I've been to the Southpark location they have served me a cold "reheated" waffle. My chocolate chips don't even melt :( I have yet to go  and see more than one other person there so I'm not quite sure why the extra couple of minutes to make a fresh HOT waffle would be a big deal. I inquired about their process and was told they make them fresh in the morning and reheat them but if I'm going to actually pay for a waffle I want to watch it being made. Otherwise I can reheat my own from the store. Also, inconsistency with the hours that they are open. Everything says 9 until you get there to see they changed it to 7?
4	Good little place when you dont want a huge breakfast at terrace cafe. Staff was very personable and polite. Had the berry waffle and caramel latte.
3	A good, unique place semi fast food that's experiencing some new-restaurant growing pains. Food is good, but they seem slightly too stuck up to make concessions for those that ask for them. For example, their waffles are made with dough, not batter, so it's naturally sweet. Because of this, they don't serve waffles with butter or syrup. End if story, no exceptions. Other small nit picks, utensils aren't served with the plate, you have to go to the coffee bar to get them. Great food, good potential, annoying growing pains.
3	The waffles are good and the staff is friendly. I went on a Sunday morning and they were understaffed so the service was slow. After reading other reviews, I decided to stay away from the coffee. I tried a fruit smoothie instead. It looked inviting; however it did not taste good. I ordered a mango strawberry smoothie. It wasn't sweet. In fact it was a bit sour. I threw it away after a few sips. Regarding the waffle, I ordered a naked waffle (without any toppings). It was good and very sweet. I think the waffle is ideal as a snack, but it didn't feel like a breakfast item.
4	We love waffles, so heading to this place seemed like a home run....and it definitely was.  The staff was great and the prices are very reasonable. (less than $5 per waffle)  They offer coffee house type drinks and a variety of waffle creations.We got the Maple and Bacon Waffle, which was phenomenal.  Luckily the portion size is not too large, because we would have eaten it until we had gotten sick. lol.  The waffle was not dry and the maple icing was great.  There was bacon packed into every single groove of the waffle as well.We will definitely come back here to try more of their delicious waffles, like the chocolate peanut butter one.
5	I can't help it. I love Cast Iron Waffles.Ever since the first moment I walked into the Ballantyne location, my heart has belonged to the perfectly chewy and sweet waffles served here. Very little makes me happier than a simple, naked waffle from CIW.However, to be fair, they have lots of other delicious toppings and waffle-esque pairings, like a fancy cappuccino or freshly brewed cup of Joe.This location is nestled in Piedmont Row, a perfect locale for those who spend time in the South Park area, or are wandering by during a day of shopping at the mall. Parking is plentiful, either close by (parallel) or in the deck.Thankful for this new addition to the burgeoning food scene in SP and hope this store is as successful as the original one. The recipe has, thankfully, stayed the same.
4	SWEET GOOGLY MOOGLY these things are yummy! Totally different from anything I've ever had, but I knew walking in, not to expect Waffle House quality here (thanks fellow Yelpers!) I went on a Thursday morning so the place was empty (awesome news for me) the girl behind the counter was nice she gave me some suggestions but I knew exactly what I was going to get the moment I walked in....Hello BACON waffle! Officially called the Lumberjack, this thing rocks! It's their classic waffle topped with bacon and maple butter. The word "sweet" is an understatement for this thing. The waffle is dense, loaded with sugar and that damn maple butter is heavenly....top that off with an absolutely ridiculous amount of bacon topping (always a good thing) and it's nothing short of ahhhmazing!!!!  I will offer a warning though, since it's sooo sweet, take your time eating it. Seriously, with this much sugar...slower is better. Ha. Overall, the waffles are scrumptious. Do your sweet tooth a favor and give this place a try! It doesn't disappoint!
4	I have been to this location twice now for breakfast on the weekends, the last visit being yesterday with my sister and her two lil kids.  Both times I have had the same thing:  waffle with strawberries and whipped cream.  Surprisingly, the waffle dough they use is very tasty, and one waffle is pretty filling.  It is already sweetened, so as I had mine, i think it's perfect just the way it is.The only complaints I have are:- The plates and silverware (plastic-ware).  I totally understand it's a small location, but it is VERY hard to cut the waffles on a glossy plastic plate with a flexible plastic knife.  Feel free to stay with the plastic ware, but just upgrade to a better quality to make it easier to eat on.    For this reason, and not the fault of the food, hot chocolate, or service, i have to give it less than 5 stars.The staff is very friendly (some cute girls too!) , the restaurant definitely feels more like a coffee house, but luckily this one serves pretty delicious food.
5	Great real Belgian style waffles. They're so much heartier than usual waffles. I ordered the deluxe with Nutella, strawberries, raspberries, and whipped cream. At first I thought this is way too small but it filled me up. I also has a toasted marshmallow latte which wasn't a marshmallow flavored as I wanted but still good. Great service!
3	Was looking forward to trying out, but experience was tainted by them forgetting to make our order. We patiently waited for them to bring it, finally realizing that was not happening. After playing the who's fault is it game behind the counter, our food was made. The food was good, but would have tasted far better with even the slightest of apologies for the oversight. Disappointing.
3	I love waffles, and I love the concept of this place, but I have a few problems:1.  The South Park location is hard to find (maps app takes you to the wrong section) and no one working in Piedmont Row or walking around seemed to know of this place. Seems like a sign board or better advertising might be useful. 2.  Fresh cooked would definitely be better but I didn't get that option. I went at 5:00 on a Sunday afternoon, and was told that all waffles are made in the morning then wrapped in plastic wrap. I bought several frozen to take home for others but thought that the fresh one would actually be freshly cooked. It was wrapped in plastic the same as the frozen ones so there was absolutely no justification for paying twice as much. At that point, my credit card has already been charged so there was no turning back.  3.  The afternoon counter guy was not the most helpful. When I asked him a question about the syrup, rather than answering in words, he merely flung out his arm pointing at the syrup behind him. I had to repeat my question in 2 different ways before he actually answered. I was the only customer in the restaurant and it was still 3 hrs before closing, so I'm not sure what the problem was. After taking the waffles home and reheating them, I did think they were good. Different from the Belgian style I typically like- denser and heavier but sweeter and delicious. Based on the issues above, I don't think this experience deserved more than 3 stars but I'll probably give it another try when I know I can get a fresh waffle.
4	Okay, really great waffles.. To eat for dessert or if you are just craving for something super sweet.Place - A small quaint cafe, tucked in the corner, next to George's Brasserie on your left. So make sure to go around the roundabout fountain, and veer to the left and find your parking spot.Food - Only serves waffles, coffee, tea... No eggs! I had the bacon waffle special. It was cloyingly sweet and was not good  for breakfast, which was what I did. I thought maybe they would serve some eggs. Maybe they will in the future. They make their waffles ahead of time, to be efficient. I don't mind. Price - It was mediocre. Not bad for a cafe place.If I were to come back, I would only consider this place for after dinners, or a get together with the girls for some sweet night/day. My rating would really be three and a half stars but if you round it up, it's a four!
1	Listen, I am an INSANE twice weekly patron of the Ballantyne location.After my girl Olive left, I stopped driving from Cotswold all the way out there for my waffle fix.  I've gone to the Piedmont location now at least 10 times and once I stupidly brought seven friends.For starters, their staff is rude.  Unhelpful, unfriendly and the one girl can't make a mocha from toddy, milk and chocolate to save her life.  This same girl served up 8 burned waffles to my friends and I.  She said she had turned the waffle iron up too high and was scraping everything off.  Every single waffle had a layer of black on the bottom.  Another visit my waffle was mushy and slightly gray inside.  I also do not believe they put the additional sugar on the waffles as these compared to Ballantyne are decidedly less sweet and crunchy.Secondly, the atmosphere is totally different.  It's very cold feeling and the music is way too loud hard rock for 8am.  Ballantyne is warm, great music and you could sit there for an hour relaxing.The last time we went we found out that  the locations are not owned by the same owners as Ballantyne so we couldn't use our punch card there.  BAD BUSINESS.  So, in addition to being the subpar location you also wouldn't honor a frequent guest card? I will give kudos to the chick with the bright red hair, she's a major improvement from the idiot who worked there before her.Today I cruised back up to Ballantyne to have my amazing waffle and iced mocha in bliss.  I was late for work and didn't even give a damn.
4	Simple little hide away cafe for breakfast, snack, or hot beverage in South Park. WiFi,  TV, friendly staff, great waffles, earned it 4 stars from me. Would of been 5 stars, but paid $4 for a to go waffle which only had 5-6 slices of strawberries on top.
3	I live in the condos here - and needed some coffee. I ran down to this spot to try it. The one girl in there was pretty overwhelmed by the amount of people, but the latte I got was really good and I got two plain waffles with no sugar to go. The waffle by itself is very sweet dough and tastes awesome without any toppings on it.There is parking in the structure in the west building that is very convenient and there is a lot of seating in the cafe. I hear they have wifi, but I didn't try it out.The waffles are all made early in the morning, so the earlier, the fresher.
2	Went for quick breakfast solo at 8am.  Setting - Simple location, somewhat sterile and bordering on warm.  Nice bar seating a window tables.  Tucked in the west corner of Piedmont Row shops.  Parking was easy in the adjacent parking deck.Food - They have waffles.  The waffles, being pre-made earlier, don't really have that freshness.  The consistency goes slightly chewy.  But dang, the offering are a diabetics worst nightmare.  Maple, bacon, quadruple berry, chocolate everything.  I just wanted a waffle with some fruit, so I went with the berry.  It was kind of a compote, with really think syrup.  My teeth just itched.  And I don't need the dollop of whipped cream to be bigger than the waffle.  This was dessert, not breakfast.Coffee was alright.Service - It was empty, so I got prompt service, and received my food at the counter in about 4 minutes.  I wouldn't go so far as to see the employee was warm or engaging, but hey, they weren't rude.Price - $7.50 for a waffle the size of my hand and a cup of coffee.  Not outrageous.I'm glad I went to check it out, but I'll stick to Original Pancake House or Terrace Cafe.
4	Stopped by for waffles after a trying day. They had exactly 2 left, which was our luck. Apparently they had quite the breakfast rush, it was a Saturday. The waffle was good, tasty, sweet. They were out of ingredients for the lumberjack too, so I ended up with the peanut butter cup. I typically go light on carbs but made an exception. It's probably not a place I would go back to, but it's great for its niche.
4	Charlotte's a strange location for some of these things.It's pretty easy to get to, although some construction around the buildings made parking a little bit of a challenge.  GPS also doesn't really know where this place is, so you'll have to kind of walk to find it.Really tasty waffles made belgian style, so you won't find heaps of maple syrup, but plenty of other toppings like fruit and nutella to suit your appetite.  Definitely a great place, and I would love to return some day.
5	Went by here today and they are now closed.  The phone number is disconnected.  Too bad.  They are supposed to be opening a new store at Carolina Place mall in June, but this unfortunately does no good for Piedmont Row.
5	I thought I loved waffles before, and then I had a Cast Iron waffle.  I'm not sure if those little crunchy pieces are crack or just sugar, but they make these waffles amazing.  It's not your typical waffle, that's for sure.  The dough is more dough-like, making these more like a Brioche than a waffle batter.  Since it was my first time eating Cast Iron, I chose to go with a plain waffle with a bit of whipped cream.  I say a bit, but what came out was more like a softball sized dollop of fresh whipped cream.  I'm glad I went plain because I tried the bacon maple waffle that my sister got, and while it was incrediblely flavorful, I was much happier with the simplicity that my waffle offered.  We ate fairly early in the morning so we didn't have any issues with the freshness of our waffles.    We ordered a bunch of waffles to go so we could heat them up as dessert later in the week.  We accidentally ordered fresh instead of frozen waffles so I was worried they would get gummy or not re-heat well, but after 10 or so minutes in the oven, they came out perfectly fine.  I noticed Yelp says they're closed.  I'm really hoping that's not the case because I'm going to need more Cast Iron waffles in my near future.
