5	Chanpen is one of a number Thai places up near Thunderbird and ASU West - but it is by far the best.  I frequent this place for lunch and it is always busy with a steady stream of locals, Glendale cops, students and professors.  Lunch specials are dirt cheap and range from $5-$7.  The service is decent, and the food - well the pad thai and chicken curry are flavorful and delicious.  Beware, the decor and booths are a bit dated, but remember you're there for the food. It's a bit of a hike for most, but definitely worth the trip.
3	Damn you, Thai Hut. You have ruined me for all other Thai restaurants! After hitting up Thai Hut 3x during the last month, I finally gave Chanpen a go. All I could do was compare the two. I even ordered the same dish -- Pad Kee Mao (my fave!) -- to do a more accurate comparison.It was good. Not great. But good. The portions are smaller, the flavors less developed, not as many veggies, the prices are about the same. The only advantages Chanpen have are that it is way closer to my house, and I don't fear getting mugged in the parking lot.
5	Chanpen is another one that I have avoided reviewing because I am not sure exactly how to convey how awesome it is. (disclaimer: I have only been once, so there is still room for error, but it was really good that one time!)My work-friend brought myself and a third lady from work to Chanpen. I had been looking for good thai on the west side. She said it was a hole in the wall.... she wasn't joking. But often those are the best places.We walked in (a little early for the dinner crowd) and the employees were sprawled out across the couch, watching thai soaps. I found this to be more humorous than irritating, after all it is a family place. We ordered SO.MUCH.FOOD. I thought i was going to die of overindulgence. Between the three of us, we had an appetizer sampler, 4 entree's, and rice. I can't remember all the entree's, but I know the pad thai was amazing. What's funny about me is that I don't like curry, I don't like coconut, and I'm not huge on peanut sauce. Well, that's like 90% of thai food. This place met and exceeded my picky-thai expectations. Oh, and I drank an entire pot of jasmine tea to myself. Needless to say, I went home that night and cleaned my entire apartment from top to bottom. Maybe it wasnt the caffeine.... maybe it was just a high from damn good thai!
1	I ordered something there for lunch, I couldn't quite make what it was.  It was too spicy!  I told the server I didn't want spicy (there were 3 choices, I asked for the mildest one) and it was strange-tasting, too.  I asked what it was several times because the information on the menu didn't make any sense but she didn't make sense either.  Anyway, it was way too hot and I like spicy foods but not this entree.  It could've been spicy to cover something bad.  I had to leave it, and I paid for it to be polite.  She asked me what's wrong with it, I told her I wasn't hungry anymore.  I have to give it a no rating because even though it was too hot, I could taste something (rats, maybe) but it was weird-tasting and gross.  I heard so many good reviews from my friends, i have to say my friends have no tastebuds.  It's a little too expensive and the portions are small.  I know better Asian restaurants in Glendale, AZ, this one NOT.
3	Chanpen is closed. It is now a Thai BBQ place. I loved Chanpen, and the pad thai noodles at the BBQ place were not very good. I heard the chicken is great. But I had a craving for noodles.
4	Indeed the name of the place has changed to Bangkok BBQ or something of the sort. I hear that the main waitress also worked there when it was called Chanpen Thai, so that may be an indicator that much of the old menu is still intact.I had some kind of rice with onion and eggs. It was great! The soup that was served before it was also good. The place looks pretty hole-in-the-wall from the outside, but it looks very nice on the inside!
2	ITs no longer Chanpen. Now its Bangkok BBQ but for some reason it won't let me add it as Bangkok- Meh. That sums it up. Son ordered the yellow curry, which had previously been a big hit at Chanpen. It was only lukewarm, much thinner than Chanpen's version and had big globs of fat floating around on the top hinting at the fact that it had been sitting for a while and had lost its emulsification. I had the thai bbq chicken. Maybe it would have been better if it was even somewhat warm, let alone hot. The man had the bbq spare ribs. Again, not even warm. The eggrolls were pretty tasteless too. There are better thai places in town. Chanpen was one of them. I wouldn't waste my time here.
4	For my second visit, I had Yellow Curry off the lunch menu. A nice, small soup is included.SO good and only for $5.95. This place is a gem!
5	The name has changed but I still say that the food is great. My boyfriend whose originally from Thailand said that he was surprised just how authentic the food was. The waitress was sweet and the food came rather quickly. I had the Panang Curry while he had the spicy catfish. Quite possibly  the best thing about it is the price, very cheap.
