5	This place is full of IT Ninjas! Top Notch guys with great prices. Highly Recommended
1	Buyer beware!!!I brought a computer here that would not power up, and told them I suspected the power supply.The owner told me the supply was bad, and also the motherboard was bad and had blown caps. So I bought their new computer.  When I got the old computer back, I looked it over and found there were no problems with the motherboard. The only problem with the computer was the easily replaced $30 power supply. There were no blown caps, no problem at all.That's not upsell.  That's lying, and that's just plain dishonest.The transfer of data to the new computer was incomplete, even though the old hard drive was perfectly good.I took teamlogicIT's owner to small claims court based on fraud.The owner told the judge that the sale was based on his convincing me that my computer was old and needed to be upgraded (He said these things, but but the only reason I upgraded was the supposedly bad motherboard.)  He also said, among other things, that it's impractical to measure voltage at the motherboard (Tell that to a beginner computer technician!  There's this great big connector. It's the first thing you do!).  He also said (under oath!) that the computer sale included a 24" monitor and accessories (Nope, it never did, they are not on the receipt, and I never got them, and never wanted them).  There were many other "miss-statements".I lost the case; the judge instructed me on "buyer beware".I agree.  Buyer beware is good advice.  Especially at this place.I understand upsell and sales pitches, and I understand honest mistakes.  But I don't understand completely fictitious diagnoses.  Most customers of computer repair places don't know a capacitor from a Cadillac, and are completely at the mercy of someone claiming blown caps or other nonsense.  I was easily able to figure out afterward that I'd been had.  Most non-technical customers would never have a clue.  There were  many other issues, but you get the idea.  I value integrity more than caveat emptor.Buyer beware indeed.  But it would be better to do business elsewhere.
1	You can make any and every customer happy and satisfied, if you tell them only the truth.Replacing a power supply is a simple task, and is no more "jerry rigging" than it would be to replace the battery in your car.  It's a standard, common, easy task. An "option in your book" is of no consequence.  Tell me only the truth, and it's the option in MY book as to the appropriate remedy. My option would have been for a power supply replacement, $30 and 15 minutes labor, instead of a new $650 computer and a week.  For nothing.  (I would like to go the the local community college's computer maintenance class, tell them that a local "professional"  thinks that replacing a modular power supply is "jerry rigging" and see how long the laughter lasts.)  With only a new power supply, the computer still runs just fine, not "old and tired", which is a meaningless term.The motherboard had no blown caps or other faults.  That claim was the ONLY reason I opted for the new computer.The judge said said nothing about your integrity or lack thereof.  He is no position to evaluate that.  After a hearing much longer than ten minutes, the judge lectured me on "buyer beware".  That's still especially good advice here.
5	Mike and his team rebuilt, upgraded and set up my PC for me on 5/20/2014. They were prompt, courteous and thorough with their work. The answered my questions and made sure I understood the answers. I definitely recommend their service and expertise to anyone.
