4	If you are looking for a fancy state of the art restaurant this is not your place. It is a good burger with kind workers. Yes the burgers do get messy but that is part of what makes it so good. I will be back for sure.
1	Ordered two burgers and two waters, 30 minutes later we get our water fresh from the well a mile away and was told that our order was to be another 30-45 minutes so we just left. I'm sure the food is great but I don't agree with terrible service before I get to even taste it. I'm not sure what the problem was, the waitress even forgot that she had taken our orders 30 minutes before or the incompetent manager wandering aimlessly and not knowing how to run a restaurant.. One star for bow since all I got to experience was their terrible service.
4	For a new place they are still working out a few of the kinks, but there aren't many kinks. They were running a grand opening special of sorts which was a triple - decker burger with fries for 5 bucks! Regularly 7.50 so a great deal for a meal becomes even cheaper. Seating was limited in this quaint little place, and some parties had to sit outside. I was with a party of seven and we experienced respectful and timely service and very tasty food. I am a big eater and had difficulty finishing the triple burger and fries. Docked one star for flat soda that couldn't be rectified during our visit. Look forward to visiting again for some wings or even their Philly! Thanks for a great lunch!
5	Great new place!  Funky interior (converted house).  Burgers were tasty.  Prior reviewed commented on time to get food, we had no problems... but this is not fast food!  Highly recommend.  Waitstaff was realty nice and attentive.  Burgers and listening to Bruce Springsteen.  Can't get better.  We live 5 minutes away and will be back.  Nice to support a local small restaurant instead of chain.  Family enjoyed visit.
4	This property used to be a rustic Mexican reaturant with good food.  The building now has refrigerated air.  The resturant is a sitdown burger joint with fifties decore.  Good green chili burger and wings.  Real sugar Coke is a bonus.  It was an enjoyable lunch.  Small town type resturant.
4	Ok so i have to start off with that i had a horrible first experience there but through facebook i reached out to them and they made it right. My stars are for my second experience here when they made it right. The first time around I ordered the family bundle which comes with four burgers, like 2 lbs of shoestring fries and for $1 you can add all the toppings on the burgers. Ok and i also ordered the onion rings.... Well i got home and the patty was only 3/4 of the amount of bun. Totally off and they were very well done (to the point of being so dry that i needed water to swallow the burger.... And the onion rings were burnt! When i reached out they said they would redo my order AND refund me my money. They did as they said and made it right. I also ordered in addition to my original order they were fixing a triple burger with green chiles. Let me tell you that it did not disappoint. It was juicy, with the slight kick from the green chiles and it was awesome. Make sure you tell the servers that you dont want the meat burned so the manager who also is the cook can stay and watch the burgers so they dont go over instead of walking around the little house like she has nothing to do. I have managed restaurant kitchens and my staff would not be wandering around while there was food to be cooked! Just a word of advice. Other then that it was great and the owner is very nice and goes out of his way to make the customer happy. We will be returning to Dave's hungry for more! ;)
5	If you are looking for a hamburger joint.  This is it.  Delicious.  Small cozy house sets the mood. Tasty fries. Fast service. Oh and the grilled cheese was really good!
1	I don't even want to give one star. Worst dining experience ever. EVER!! Got there at 700 p.m. ordered 2 waters, and an iced tea. Then the wait began....the waitress. ..rude and overworked...took our orders. There were only 3 of us. At 8:10 we were still sitting waiting for our burgers n fries. The waitresses were not anywhere to be found. I kept asking how much longer and she kept saying...I dont know..like...can you ask the cooks??? People were walking out left and right. The waitresses were meeting people at the door talking people out of staying. They told them to come back early afternoon when it is slower. What are we supposed to do for dinner tonight? They ran out of bacon, shoestring fries, pastrami, diet coke. Finally...we just left. I heard the waitresses apologizing to people with to go orders the whole time we sat there too. Never ever ever would I go here again. We were there for over an hour and in that time...only 1 table got their food. Get it together!  It is quite a drive in the middle of nowhere so I was hoping it would be a hidden gem. NOPE!!! This place has a lot to learn about running a restaurant and customer service. Save your gas!
3	It's a pretty decent burger... Prices are very good. Hopefully they last at a place where nothing has been successful. Just need to work on customer service. Shouldn't take as long as it did. Wait staff seemed over worked and very amateur.
5	Great food, great service and nice environment. They have good specials to fill your tummy. The only thing it is a little warm inside. It is Arizona what else do I expect.
1	In a word...RIDICULOUS! We waited 15 minutes to be seated another 20 to get drinks and about 40 minutes for our food. If your keeping time thats 1 hour and 15 minutes to get TWO burgers and fries. Well, maybe the burgers and fries were amazing...NOPE. The food was meh...nothing to write home about. What a shame I had high hopes. The staff kept apologizing but offered no discount or free items. Well, I take that back about 45 minutes in they brought us a tray of carrots and celery with a side of store bought ranch...I'm here for a burger lady not rabbit food. I will say our waitress (young red hair) did keep her smile and professionalism, that was really the only redeeming factor of the place. I would not recommend this place at all. ANOTHER IMPORTANT NOTE: They had a unchained Pitbull running around with kids outside the place. Don't you people read the news? An animal can turn at any time. This made us feel unsafe for sure!!!
4	The burgers deserve 5 stars - the location and setting drops the overall review to 4 stars. The grill is located in an old house. There is limited indoor seating (not ideal in Summer) but lots of outdoor seating (7-8 months out of the year, this will be fantastic).Staff was crazy friendly and helpful! They treat you great. The Double Cheeseburger was the best I have had in Arizona since moving here 5 years ago. If you're in Queen Creek - hit this place up.
5	Great wings! Tender, saucy! Service was great too! This is a cozy, down to earth resturant! #notjustahambergerjoint
3	Hamburger 5 Stars Service 2.5 StarsThis place has a lot of potential. I spent some time tonight at this establishment and observed items that need adjustment. These are fixable to make everything run smootherThere need to be processes in place and the must be followed. Too much confusion!The owner needs to spend time on the overall restaurant operation making sure that customers are taken care of and every station/employee is moving like  clockwork and waiters are taking  the orders and getting the customer  their drinks, etc. The owner should not be taking orders and transcribing them to the waiter. It's double the work and is missing something along the way. The owner needs to keep an eye on the door for incoming customers, take-out orders, and make sure these are addressed. Make sure take out orders are addressed in a timely matter.The food:The burgers deserve 5 stars, but need to be brought to the table in a reasonable time frame. I did not see that tonight. And the orders need to be correct. To long from placing the order to getting it.The outdoor area is great. Try utilizing it when you can. If you can cook out there then do itStaff was crazy friendly and helpful! They treat you great. The Double Cheeseburger was the best I have had in Arizona since moving here 5 years ago.Back of the house (Grill ) area needs to be addressed to make things run quicker/smoother so you turn tables quicker since to place is small. Here again it processes and is fixable.
4	Great food, good prices, food takes awhile. But worth the wait, to be honest. Might be better if you don't go on a weekend?! Service was good. Bigger than it looks on the outside.
3	Great burgers drove from San Tan Valley since they moved. Miss having it so close. I will say, you have to wait along time but, it is worth it. Hire more staff and this could be awesome.
2	Showed up at 7pm on a Tuesday which to me seems like one of the slowest days of the week for any restaurant. However it was not a slow night even though it was not a full house there (about half the tabkes occupied). I may be wrong but it seemed like only one server/hostess was working the floor. Like another reviewer said... it took them a few minutes to acknowledge that we were there, then we sat ourselves outside, then we waited another 10 minutes for them to come get drink orders... and that is when we were warned that it would be an hour before our food order would be started on due to orders inside and take-out orders. Since we had 3 kids and it was a school night we jumped ship.So I cant judge the food but this new place needs work on managing its customer workload. For a place that was half full it doesnt bode well with people to wait an hour for food, much less the time just to be seated and drinks/orders taken. And I say this as someone who generally views dining out as an event rather than a 5 minute face-cram, serve me NOW.I would like to see this little unique spot succeed but if they have time management issues like this then I feel they are going to have a steep hill to climb to be successful.
4	Better be hungry because these are big burgers with big favor.  Had the western burger and it comes with shoestring fries. Will be back when I get the craving for a real burger
5	Excellent yesterday,  as usual.  True, service is a little slow,  but that is because everything is cooked to order and they are still getting their feet at the new location.   My husband and I have been fans since they were in the Chevron station in Copper Basin and miss having then close to us.  Sunday we ordered two double burgers with cheese,  their signature burger.  Added bacon to both and jalapenos for mine.   Steak fries for my husband and onion rings for me.  Wait time was about 25-30 minutes and the burgers arrived hot and delicious,  juicy well seasoned meat with crispy bacon,  melted American cheese,  crisp lettuce and tomato with crunchy,  tart dill pickle chips and oozing thousand island special sauce.   The steak fries were crisp outside and hot and mealy inside.   The onion rings were battered perfectly and golden brown with thick,  but tender onion slices that do not slide out of the batter when bitten into.  New waitress Page was sweet,  kind and very attentive.   Entire cost of the meal with sodas was $23.00.  Still one of the best burger places in the San Tan/Queen Creek area!  Keep it up guys!
2	Burger was really good. Big juicy tasty meaty cheesy.  Big hit!Onion rings are crispy and have onions in them.  Can't say much else good. Too greasy for me. Fries were cold, limp, bland. Total fail on fries.
4	I liked the burgers here, anyone complaining about the price should go look at what they pay for a value meal at a fast food spot... lol. Best burger I've had? No, but definitely a good one.  Can't wait to try the Coney dogs! :-)
4	Found this little place on yelp. Found the reviews right on. Not always the case. Burgers perfect size and cooked perfectly. Had daves double with cheese. Meat had a wonderful flavor  onion rings are worth going there just for them. Will go back.
5	We are very sad to report that due to family health problems Daves has closed it's location as of 11/20/14.  We are so sorry to see this wonderful placed closed and will miss it very much!
1	I ordered the Super Salad as a takeout.  They put very hot grilled chicken on lettuce and cheddar cheese.  By the time I was back at work 10 minutes later, I had a greasy, wilted mess.  It was inedible due to the cooked lettuce and grease.  Chucked it in the garbage and ate oatmeal.  Sorry go give you a bad review, but the food was just yuck!
