3	The Yelp listing here says this place is closed, but it isn't.I needed a smog check for my car and stopped by this place. It's a tiny shack in the strip mall on the southeast corner of Rainbow and Flamingo. Before stopping by I printed out a coupon from their web site (smogbusters.com) for a $17.99 smog check. Normally it's about $20. I got there, waited for the car in front of me to finish, then the guy did my smog check. I was done within 10 minutes (and passed). Simple, quick and easy. They do charge an additional $1 if you use your credit card.
5	Great place to get your smog check done. I was there during lunch time. From start to finish it took 10 min. There is a coupon online from their website. Make sure you present the coupon before the smog or they may not honor it. Professional staff as well. I will go back there from now on.
1	People please do not waste your money on this place as it is the biggest rip-off in town. Besides charging more than anyone else in town they have no respect for their customers. I am aware there are cheaper places to have my cars smog checked but I always go here because they are close to my house. They CHARGE more, so there is never any waiting. I have taken my cars there for over 10 years and feel that would make me a good and loyal customer. I went there yesterday and my car did not pass the test, the man working there asked me if I recently had my battery changed, I said yes. He said until I put 50 miles on my new battery my car will not pass. Fine, no problem except the test they did would be $13.99 and to get it retested it would ONLY be $10. So now instead of paying $5 more it's going to be $10 more than everyone else in town. I asked if the extra $5 fee could be waived since I am a loyal customer, he said no. I asked if there was someone over him I could talk to. He gave me the number for a Jim or Bill, I can't remember because I was very upset. This guy whom is supposed to be professional was so rude I felt like I was talking to a high school drop-out punk. I asked him if he was really willing to lose a loyal customer who has brought in 2 cars every year for over 10 years over a $5 fee and he said "YUP", not yes, just "YUP" like a no class uneducated idiot. Oh yes, I also said they should post a sign warning customers about if they had a new battery installed their car would not pass. The bully owner or manager replied "We don't have to post any signs". Really snotty. I know they don't have to post a sign, but it would be a nice courtesy for the customer, but wait , then they wouldn't be able to rip off the customer. Also if you use  a credit card or debit card there is a $1 SURCHARGE. This place cannot find enough ways to rip off the customers. I am disputing this charge with my credit card company, I so hope I win, not for the money, just the principle. I am not going back for my $10 retest, I would rather go elsewhere and drive a little farther and pay $15 then give them another penny of my money. Whatever happened to DON'T PASS DON'T PAY.
5	This was an excellent smog check experience, all seven minutes of it ! Seriously, it couldn't have taken much longer than that, from the time I pulled up until I drove away. Printed out the $17.99 coupon from the website and drove to this Smogbusters location on a Saturday afternoon. This location on Rainbow just south of Flamingo is one of the few locations that stays open until 6pm on Saturdays instead of closing at 2pm.There was no wait, the tech was friendly and worked quickly - he printed out the certification and said the information would be transmitted to the DMV in about fifteen minutes, to be sure to wait that long for it to go through if I was going to one of the kiosks to renew the registration right away (I wasn't). Gave him $20 in cash and didn't ask for change - it was great to be able to get this done so fast on a weekend and be treated so nicely.The smog check is good for 90 days and there are signs posted to remind customers to present the coupon BEFORE the check is started (otherwise it's $19.99 + tax).
5	Great price, fast and friendly service! Was done in about 10 mins. Can't ask for more than that!
4	"Pass or Fail"I come here twice a year on Saturday mornings. I never have to wait and the lady here loves my car. She gets irritated because I only put 1500 miles a year on the Cobra but I just laugh it off. Women are so funny. ;)But last month when I Fast and Furioused my way into the lot I was a tad worried because I didn't know if the car was going to pass. I had done some modifications that although CARB certified, with catalytic converters intact, still left me unsure of the outcome. Anyway, I Dom Torettoed from the car and she hooked it up before disappearing into the shack. Seconds later she emerged with a Mother Hen look. "You've been messing with the car's computer since last time."Me: total silence, with sly smile. Then, with practiced boyish charm I said: "Are we going to be all right?"Her: "Yes. A few parameters are not reading but the ones I need to see are. Everything's okay."Phew.I paid the 20 bucks, like I always do, and chatted with Mom a bit, most of which consisted of me listening to her about how I needed to drive the car more. I smiled and nodded, hesitant to tell her I was thinking of adding another car to my garage. Eventually it was time to go and I bade her farewell, promising to see her soon, promising to drive the car more. I exited the lot with little fanfare, stuck a hand out the window, and drove off onto an empty quiet road.
