2	I have to say the place is very appealing till you look at the price tags.  Yikes. I'm all about local boutiques but I think this is a little over the top. I'm always looking for our nearby places to brag about to our out of town guests and somewhere to frequent on a "girlfriend's afternoon".I also think I would go there more often if the owner, who has waited on me a few times, was a little less snobby. The other employees are wonderful. Always helpful and courteous.
5	This store is beautiful and eclectic. Some of the prices are a bit high, but it's because they are unique, vintage finds. There are plenty of fun items within any price point. My favorite things to look at are their candles and clothing.
5	If you want Cheap go to Walmart! But if you want authentic eclectic trinkets that you will proudly own and showcase in your home this is the place for you!
4	Thank you Willows for opening a boutique sized store at Biltmore Fashion! Just the perfect amount of samplings from the main store on Indian School. The store is beautiful and elegant, but unlike many I've been to, it's not snobby or pretentious. My favorite thing is T-shirt Tuesday where Michael Stars T's are 20% off! The moment you enter, the environment and atmosphere calms and relaxes you. There are so many lovely things that you experience with all of your senses. I love this place for candles, special serving pieces and luxurious comfort clothes. Great place to find a gift for someone! Anything you buy is a treat!
5	This store is a delight for anyone who loves vintage, rustic, shabby chic and antique decor. I first experienced The Willows at their small shop within the UNION and immediately fell in love so I had to pay their original store a visit. Upon arrival, I felt the urge to redecorate my home so that I could enlist the expertise of this wonderful staff. Everything here is shabby chic vintage at its finest. They have everything from large items for decorating your home, to dishware for your kitchen, soap for your bathrooms, clothes for yourself and even deliciously adorable antique jewelery. I had fallen in love with a chunky antique necklace but sadly by the time I returned, someone else had purchased it. I will keep my finger's crossed that they get another one in soon. Visit this shop simple just to enjoy looking at pretty items on a hot day and chances are, you will leave with something, even if it's a $4 book of shabby chic matches! I smelled some deliciously scented candles and I saw a glass box that I wish I could find a place for in my house. Visit The Willows and enjoy the day!
4	What, only 4 stars? I know, but I it was closing time on a Friday, and the wonderful Miss Christen and LuAnn tell me no Garden stuff, but the place was nicely appointed and they enticed me to return on Monday, so I shall!Looking forward to exploring the merchandise and I'm told they can order me anything, so hopefully these little four stars will be accompanied by another!
