4	First visit to the new dentist proved to be really good.  I like the fact that you can print off the New Patient forms and have them filled out before your visit.  The hygienist was friendly and took time to explain the x-rays and answered any questions that I had. The dentist came in and introduced himself, explained further details of the x-rays and told me the options available. He went further and asked if I'd like to proceed with any of the options.  There was no pressure whatsoever.Overall, from the receptionist to the insurance review, all were friendly and helpful, and took their time to answers questions.
5	Firstly, the staff was able to get me in on super, short notice. The receptionist was incredibly knowledgeable and helpful. On my initial call, the receptionist completed most of my questionnaire  over the phone, I've never had that happen before at any medical facility. I was greeted at at the office and seen in a timely manner. Both the attending assistant and the dentist were extremely friendly and did a great job keeping me comfortable and pain free, I was in and out of the office in an hour. Great job!
5	the dr. was recommended by my dentist. He was excellent, very polite and answered all questions with clear information.The kind of treatment I needed is expensive but they offer quite a few payment options.I will recommend him without hesitation.
3	I give the dentistry 3 stars because....yes the are friendly. ...yes they can fit you in right away....& most of the dentist there are very skilled. ...but my recent experience with the oral surgeon was horrifying. I had to have an extraction on 1 of my molars. ...everything started out normal...he introduced himself. ..they draped my neck....then he forgot to lidocaine my gums before he shot me with the novacaine (3 times)...then he held me down by my forehead to see if I had feeling in my tooth....when I said I did. ....he stuck me 3 more times.....that's when the horror of pulling out the tooth began. He didn't loosen it first so he was fighting to get it out...I had the feeling that if he could he would have straddled me with a knee on my chest to pull on it......when the tooth remained steadfast he got the drill which sounded like he was drilling my skull.....during this time his assistant was pulling my mouth in the other direction with the suction......finally my tooth surrendered....he pulled his fist from my mouth. ...give me the obligatory "you did great" and walked away......I was still gripping the arms on the chair....the assistant shove a chunk of gauze in my pats hand, hands me a tissue for my tears of horror & rushes my out before I can stop shaking.....the dentistry is great just dont let them pull your teeth unless you're asleep.....IT'S NOT FOR COWARDS!
