3	I have never used airport parking before, so I started doing some research online. I found Preflight parking, and saw they had an online coupon so I decided to try it out. I get to the location, and the parking attendant tells me to go to a row with no spaces, so I just find another one. This is one of, if not the most cramped parking lots I have ever been in. Really, I don't know how some people can get out of their cars if they're not small, because there really isn't that much space. There's a shuttle waiting to take me to the main terminal, and its quick because I was the only passenger. They gave me a slip of paper that told me where my car was, so I would know when I got back. Coming back was quite easy too. I came back on a Sunday night and the parking lot was a lot emptier from people that had come back earlier. It was easier getting out than I would have thought. I paid, and I remember that it seemed like it was more expensive than I would have thought because there was a big sign that said $7/day for uncovered parking. Apparently, its $7 WITH the coupon, so remember to print your coupons people. It would have been $9/day without it.Other than the super tight parking, I have no complaints, other than their advertising seemed a bit shady to me. I will probably return, but I think the service could be better.
5	I pulled into the lot and was picked up immediately and whisked off to the airport.  When I got home, I waited less than two minutes at the terminal and the driver even offered me a bottle of water.  Efficient, polite, and fairly priced.  That's as good as it gets!PS - I will never park at FastTrack Airport Parking again.
5	Awesome.So much better than parking on site.Safe and good prices keep me coming back.Flying during a busy time, go to their website to make a reservation...that's right a reservation! Also print out a coupon for a couple bux off per day.
5	I have used PreFlight for over ten years I think (wow! time flies!!).  It is extremely convenient and easy, along with competitive pricing.I have never had to wait more than a few moments for a van to pick me up - both from the parking lot to get me to the airport, and from the curbside pick up to take me back to my car.  Much less schlepping of luggage than parking on-site at the airport as they pick you up and drop you off at your car!There are probably some tricks as to the more convenient locations to park within the lot, I have my favorites that get me in an out quickest (not sure if I want to share these!!).I have even used their car wash services in the past and returned home to a clean car ready for me to head home in!  They have a frequent parkers program, online reservations for those busy times at the airport - and best yet, free (yes, free) cold water bottles at the vending machines as you are leaving the parking area (this is a fantastic perk during the summer months, returning home dehydrated from flying and getting into a hot car!).Definitely a recommend.
5	Anytime I can't hitch a ride to the airport I always park at PreFlight.  Why?  Because it takes much less time than parking at the airport itself, it's cheaper (check out the coupons on the website!) and they have a Frequent Parker Program so I earn a free day for every five days parked.  Now, I always liked PreFlight but last week I decided that I love them because after returning from an awesome weekend in Vegas I hopped on the PreFlight shuttle bus (which comes every few minutes) and arrived at the lot to find a sad car with a dead battery.It was hot and I was in no mood to play games with my car.  I tried and tried but I couldn't get her to come to life.  Within seconds a PreFlight staffer drove up out of nowhere in a golfcart with a portable jumper cable box and revived my car so I could get a move on.  Talk about service!  Had I parked at the airport I'm not sure how long I would have been stranded!
4	On a recommendation from a friend, I parked my car here for 3 days during a short trip.  I parked in the covered parking area thinking I'd protect my car.  However, it rained while I was gone and when I returned my car had water spots all over it.....so much for covered parking.The good news is that it was only $11 per day and I signed up for their frequent parking card that will allow me to earn a free day for every 5 days I park....cool.The shuttle to/from the airport is very convenient and the drivers are friendly and helpful.  They will pick you up at your car and drop you off at your car when you return.....that's pretty good service.  I like this place even though my car wasn't really covered.Return Factor - 97%
5	My husband and I have been parking here ever since 2007. We love the promptness and ease of accessibility. Their rates are exceptional and the coupon provides and even better rate. I ran into a situation where my husband was unable to get on his return flight for a couple days and I didn't want the car sitting in the lot for those additional days. I didn't have a ticket stub (in husbands brief case) and Carlos (the manager) was really helpful by allowing me to use my husbands itinerary as a date of arrival within their parking lot. He was more than accommodating and such a pleasure. I will always use Preflight Parking, as they treated me like family and I am so grateful!
2	Remembered that I liked PreFlight, but had a bad experience this time.  We pulled in, parked in a covered spot, waited for the shuttle, then watched a shuttle driver make eye contact with us, then drive away!  We wandered up to the entrance kiosk, and was met by another driver who claimed that he was the one who was supposed to pick us up... well, then why did I have to go over there to pick him up?  Anyway, I'm going back to BlueSky next time.  Closer to Tucson, and they actually pick you up from your car!
5	oh how I love Preflight!  Traveling these days can really suck - it's a hassle getting to and through the airport so I have to thank Preflight for taking some of the pain away.  I've had nothing but great experiences with them.  The booth attendants are always friendly and happy.  I don't know how they do it, but without fail, no sooner have I gotten out of my car, and the magic bus is magically there!  I don't think I've waited for more than 2 minutes ever.  They keep the shuttles icy cold in the summer too.  My absolute favorite thing about Preflight is the drivers.  These guys are not messing around, taking the scenic route to the airport and driving as slow as possible.  They're efficient, and they're courteous.    Best of all, when you return to Sky Harbor, you won't wait long for a shuttle to show up.  I don't know how often they run them, but I've come in at all hours of the day and night without having to wait forever.Also if you want a car wash, they do an incredible job - the best car wash I've had in PHX.  They even vacuumed out my trunk without me asking or charging me more considering that I'd been hauling plants all around in it the weekend before.  Do check the website for coupons and consider joining their frequent parker program for some nice perks.
5	I recommend this place without reservation. The only place we park when we travel.Friendly employees.
5	They really make travel easy.  Not only is it cheaper to park at Pre-Flight than to park at the airport, it is also more convenient.  When you arrive, they give you a section to park in.  Within a matter of minutes a van picks you up from you car and a friendly drive loads your luggage into the van.  When you arrive at the airport, the same friendly driver take care of your bags again.  Upon returning, you go to the designated curb and a van is never more than 10 minutes away.  They take you right to your car and will even load your luggage into your trunk.Excellent service!
4	When first deciding to take a chance on PreFlight Airport Parking, I thought it would be an average-priced airport parking service with nothing special offered.  I was certainly wrong!  Rather, PreFlight was quite affordable and offered quite a number of perks that I haven't experienced at its competitors.  For starters, there are always coupons available whether on its website or in mailings.  Second, it has a great online frequent parker program, which offers free parking days, car washes, or airline miles.  Third, the service is usually quite fast and convenient.  I think out of the dozen times I have parked there, I have only waited once for a van when I had just parked and only waited twice for more than five minutes at the airport on the way home (guess I should have called when I got my luggage instead of trying my luck!).  Also, they offer complimentary newspapers as you arrive and bottled water as you leave.  Finally, you can reserve a space online or prepay a reservation ahead of time.  To save a couple of dollars, you can redeem a free day or two, then use a coupon for so much off per day.  Sometimes they will calculate the full price of the free day or two (before the coupon discount) and then take the discount off the other days.  Either way, make sure you give your frequent parker card to also earn more free days.
4	We first used PreFlight in Boston and were happy to see it in Phoenix as well.Overall, our experience was great and similar to that of Boston's service.  A few days before, we pre-booked online, which I recommend since you get the best rates that way and don't have to fiddle with money upon check-out.  We parked and a shuttle arrived shortly after.  The drivers were courteous and helpful.Upon return, we gave them a quick call since it was after 10pm and they picked us up promptly from the terminal.  Checking out was quick enough.  They took our printed reservation page and we were on our way.  I saw the water vending machine right before the gate, but I didn't bother getting one.  I'm not sure where the newspapers that others have mentioned were located.Why PreFlight over many of the competitors that also had good yelp reviews (Blue Sky, etc.)?  They have a presence in the BOS and BWI airports, among others, which means that we can earn points and use them at PreFlight places across the country.Note: Covered parking, which is slightly more expensive that uncovered, was canopy-style covering in the parking lot.  It wasn't a problem for us, but we were just expecting a garage.
5	I used PreFlight this past weekend for a trip home to CA. The location was so convenient and the people were all very nice. I love how they pick you up at your car and even take you right back to your exact spot. You can choose between covered and uncovered and their prices are very reasonable. I will use them again in the future and I will make sure to spread the word!
4	When I travel and need to leave my car parked somewhere, I choose to use PreFlight.  Since my last review over 2 yrs ago, I've continued to use this service.  It's located a short distance from the airport, but it's significantly cheaper than parking at the airport, so you can save some money.  They also have coupons available which add to the savings.I'm glad a friend referred me to this place early on.  Since then, I've recommended it to many friends and associates.Return Factor - 100%
5	Skip the airport lots and start with the rewards program at PreFlight! They pick you up and drop you off AT YOUR CAR! Both covered (canopy) and uncovered options, always fast and attentive, and service is great. (Its nice to tip your driver if they help with your bag and load your car.)They've long had a rewards program that gives you your choice of airline miles, free parking days, car washes or detailing - and I appreciate having the options.  It's great to park for work and save up those points for personal trips.Now, with their ExpressPass program, you can also receive a prox card you just wave at the gate to enter, and wave at the gate to exit - skip the exit lines, get an emailed receipt - love it for my expense reports!They still have free water bottles at the exit - for a brief time you needed to ask at the gate for them, but they again have a working vending machine on the way out.  Just be polite and only take one per person.
1	I agree with the other reviews. This place is cheaper than all the others. But I think that reflects on their customer service. I had made a reservation online about a month in advance. And when I arrived to park, they told me that there were no spots available, and could they valet my car. Fine. As long as I don't pay extra and I can park my car. However when I returned to town and was given my keys, I noticed that my car was unlocked. I was a little worried.. I tried to start my car. No luck. I tried to lock my car. Nothing. And on top of that, I noticed that I know have little scratches on my drivers side door. I noticed that an employee had moved my car (since it had to be valeted even though I didn't order that), and that they had left the dome light on, thus killing the battery, the car alarm, and my keys. It was upsetting. Thank goodness I had a battery operated jump starter since no one was around to help me sort this out. After my trip, I received an email asking how the service was. I let them know what happened, but no on responded to my complaints. I am appalled by the lack of respect for the customer. I will never park there again. I will not recommend this place. I would rather pay extra to ensure that my car will be taken care of properly.
5	My favorite place to park as they have great rates, fast pick up and free bottled water. They offer covered parking and car washes as well which I have not utilized.
5	Got me to my terminal so quick I now need to figure out how to kill extra time. Guess it's going to be a Starbucks day. #cantdenyit
5	Will never park anywhere else! I was totally impressed! I was very leery about parking anywhere but at the airport but having a limited budget I had to go with the best rate I could find. I chose to pre-pay online which made the 5 day rate cheaper than anywhere else and not just by a dollar or two. The shuttle picked me up at my car and the driver helped me with my bags and then wrote down the location of my car. On my return trip I didn't get in until after midnight and didn't have to call and wait for a shuttle. There were several shuttles running and it took me less than 10 minutes to get out of the airport and to my car. Again the driver helped me with my bags and then waited for me to get my keys out and start my car before driving away. Everyone was very professional and courteous. I will never park at the airport again and will be telling all of my friends about preflight parking!
5	We have been using PreFlight for several years now for both business and personal trips. Their customer service is top notch. They are always there to pick us up in a heartbeat, handle all our luggage and are very pleasant. Last night we flew in after a 4+ hour flight and my car battery was dead. The driver called for help right away and within 3 minutes we were on our way! The gal that brought the jumpers even brought us each a bottle of water. The trip before that I had completely misplaced my ticket to get out. I showed them my rental car receipt and told them what time I arrived and there were no hassles whatsoever! Also nice that you can either prebook and pay online before your trip (very nice when you are on vacation to know this is already paid for when you get home) or print coupons (which are consistent) to use on your way out. A+ PreFlight! You are the best!
2	You get what you pay for.  If you park here make sure you talk to the person at the front window.  We came in and pushed the button and got our little ticket and then went and parked.  After waiting for a few minutes in the 105 degree Arizona sun at noon we just started walking towards the front.  A driver saw us and picked us up.  Didn't offer to take our bags or apologize for the fact we were walking.  Just told us next time to talk to the girl at the window (who we assumed was there just to take money for the people leaving.  The driver didn't ask which airline we were flying nor did he grab out bags on the way in or out.  No biggie for me, but he should at least get out of his chair and offer to get my girlfriends bag.You get what you pay for.  I guess I'll go back to the slightly more expensive covered lot down the road a bit :/
5	An absolute LIFESAVER!   SONNY THE MANAGER ON DUTY......A plus customer service!  I made the mistake of choosing the lowest cost offsite parking on the Howard Johnson property...MISTAKE!  I will be lucky if my car is there when I return.  The shuttle wasn't coming for another 25 minutes and I'm gonna miss my flight.  Im sure the HJ manager meant well but he tells me if I walk across the street and through a parking lot I can catch the train.....mistake #2.  I'm sweating my butt off fast walking now down 44th st with luggage.  The manager Sonny at preflight brings me an ice cold bottle of water and grabs one of his drivers and gets me to the airport......he says "park with us next time"  Thank you Sonny and I absolutely will.  That was very very nice what you did.
5	This was a great service for my wife and I when going to Hawaii for a week.  We live on the west side, so we thought we would schedule a shuttle.  After researching it, pre-flight was a couple of dollars cheaper and we maintained the convenience of our own car.  They got us in quickly, picked us up at our car quickly, and delivered us to the airport quickly.  Our return was just as smooth if not smoother.  I had misplaced the email I needed to get out of the parking lot, but they went in and found my reservation for me and we were on our way home.  Would recommend to anyone!!!
5	Always 5 star.  I have been parking here for at least 5 years.   I travel on the average of 4-5 times a year plus as of late I am traveling more than that.   I have NEVER once had a problem in all this time.   I no sooner park, sometimes I don't even have time to get out of my car  and the driver is there to pick me up.   He always gets out of the shuttle van to help me both in the parking lot, at the airport, coming back from the airport and also putting my luggage in my car for me.   I have never used any of the other shuttle services and would have no reason to change.   I have heard this one is cheaper but I really haven't tried them so I don't know.   If you spend $45 and have joined their club you will get a free day of parking for every 45 dollars that you spend.   One time my entire parking was free.   Can't beat that.   Oh yea, the people that you see in the booth on the way in and out are very courteous.   On the way in they tell you which row to park in so that the driver will know where to go and on the way out you need to give them your payment, ticket that you get when you enter the parking lot, your coupon for a price reduction that you get off the internet when you make your reservation and also your club card if you have joined their club.  Don't forget your coupon as it is worth at least $1.20 or more off of each day you are parked.  I highly recommend this place.   You are at the airport before you know it.
5	First time to use PreFlight and was very satisfied.  Fast, efficient, & reasonably priced. Plenty of parking and when you pay in advance, check out is very fast and simple. Will use them any time I have to fly.
5	Great location and cost effective. The drivers are professional.  It's so much cheaper and faster than parking in the economy lot and riding the tram!
5	I always use PreFlight for my airport parking.  They are fast and reliable with safe facilities - in the shade or not, your choice.
4	I've been using PreFlight for all my business trips...I've used others but PreFlight has been the most consistent and reliable. I would highly recommend these guys for off site airport parking.
5	excellent service, from the drivers to the cashiers, very customer conscious.good reservation system and safe parking.
5	I have been using PreFlight for years.  I have always received top notch service and will continue to use them.  The drivers typically come to the car to pick up bags and deliver them back to the car or the curb depending on which direction you are going.  I don't recall ever waiting on a driver coming to my car for more than a few minutes when I park - in fact, often they follow me to my parking spot.
5	I have the occasion to travel as often as four days a week over the past few years for business.  I have been using PreFlight parking both personally and for business over the past six years and have always gotten great service.  Like most people I am usually running a bit late for my hour buffer to the airport and when I arrive at PreFlight it is normally after using their app and making my reservation on the fly.  I arrive at PreFlight, grab my ticket, check into their covered parking and by the time I have my bags out of my vehicle there is normally someone there in the shuttle van to greet me, give me my space number on a piece of paper and quickly get me to the terminal to fly out.  When I arrive home it is normally a very short wait at the curb for their shuttle vans to arrive and take me back to my car.  What makes me write this glowing review today is for the mere fact that PreFlight went well above and beyond for me last night and it saved me a ton of aggravation and cost.  I arrived back at Sky Harbor after being away for an overnight trip to Kansas City and when I landed I looked for the keys to my truck and they were nowhere to be found.  I am normally a very well-organized person but due to the rush to schedule the trip and the logistics I must have missed a step to secure my keys in my laptop bag where I always leave them.  I was greeted by an empty pocket and of course then the panic starts in... where did they get to?  Are they in the terminal somewhere and did someone take it upon themselves to take my truck?I boarded the shuttle bus to be greeted by the smiling face of the driver who noticed I looked a bit discouraged.  I told him my story and he quickly radio'ed the cashier with my key description and sure enough, they had scooped up my keys the day before, located my vehicle and kept them safe and sound until my arrival home.Thanks for going above and beyond for me PreFlight.  I have always suggested to friends and business colleagues that you are the place to park but now I have an even greater story to tell.
5	I have parked exclusively at Preflight for more than 8 years, nearly every week.  the stays have normally been 3 to 4 days, but as long as 2 weeks.  there's a speed pass option to avoid the pay window on exit, and auto-pay, allng eigh a great frequent parker program.   Juan, Steve, Julio and Eddie are favorites, but every one if them have been fast, friendly and professional.   thanks @preflightphx
5	My go to place for my Sky Harbor parking needs. Van service is quick and reliable. Great customer service. Full service amenities available on site. To me, this is the best off site parking option available.
5	I have used a different lot several times before and always felt uncomfortable as a female traveling there alone. I noticed a PreFlight shuttle at the airport and checked them out on line. PreFlight parking is now my lot of choice. Courteous from the time I booked until I left a week later. The drivers are awesome. Not only did they put my bags in the van, they took them in and out of my trunk. I didn't have to lift a finger!
