2	I ordered a Beef Teriyaki Bento ($7.99). It came with salad and 4 pieces of California Roll. The Beef Teriyaki had mushrooms, but not enough sauce. They didn't cook the beef like regular Teriyaki. It reminded more of Bugolgi. I think they forgot to put dressing on my salad. They didn't give enough wasabi.
2	Teriyaki Madness I am so so so sorry for betraying you and branching out. I had the Teriyaki Chicken combo here and it had maybe a 1/4 the amount of chicken as teriyaki madness. They chicken was really rubbery and slimey which obviously means no good. The mixed veggie were added as filler and the majority of the meal was white rice. I live right by here but I will just drive the extra mile to get the good stuff for a better price.
1	Me and my friend went there for dinner. We ordered deluxe teriyaki beef bento, gyoza ( pot stickers ) , and 2 roll of sushi. 10 dollar Bento came with lettuce salad with no dressing and tempura with no tempura sauce. Gyoza also came with no sauce. They are charging close to 5 dollars for non Japanese styled sushi. This is what happens when people don't know Japanese food tries to open up a Japanese restaurant.
3	I am really torn between a 2 and a 3.  In the end though, I am willing to give Sakura its first 3 star review.  There are enough 1 and 2 stars here from reputable Yelpers, so I'll give a more optimistic viewpoint!  I don't like cheap teriyaki, so I went with a couple of sushi roles. I had the philly role and the spicy tuna roll, both at $4.25 a peace.  The price was definitely right!  They were actually better than I expected.  Each cut was a large mouthful.  The fish itself wasn't spectacular, but it was eatable.   It could have been a little ore fresh.  The service was pretty unfriendly.  This appears to be a family ran joint, but they aren't Japanese (or Korean), not that it matters to me.  That's all this whiteboy can tell you.  I had to get myself a to-go container to mix my wasabi and soy sauce.  I guess I could have asked, and I am probably spoiled with all of the sit-down restaurants that I patronize.  This place is definitely more of a to-go place, and for its speediness I give it an extra star (yeah, its reaching, I know).  I might come back here for a quick bite of sushi since I work in the area and there aren't any other sushi places close by.  It wasn't all that bad.  I don't get any warm fuzzies from the place, but the price is right and you can be in and out in 15 minutes.
1	Small portions. No taste. Poor quality.
1	The most horrifically bad Asian food I have ever had.We ordered the Philadelphia roll and tempura shrimp with vegetables.The rice in the Philadelphia was mashed so the rice was one solid white paste spread onto the seaweed. The sushi was chewy and the you could definitely tell that none of the ingredients were fresh.The shrimp tempura with vegetables was disgusting and not edible at all. The food was floating in grease. The shrimp was not crispy, just mushy. The tempura vegetables (broccoli, yam, carrot) were also mushy, not crispy, and greasy like fried chicken. The rice was not sticky white rice I'm used to at Japanese restaurants. It was almost grainy, like it was undercooked. It was more like couscous.This was a complete waste of money. I was so sad because I love sushi and living in north east Las Vegas, there is nothing nearby. I was willing to give this place a chance because it was located in a prime spot--sandwiched in between Chipotle, a spa & 5 Guys at the south end of Lowes parking lot--but I'm expected that spot to be for rent very soon.
1	Well after reading less than great reviews we had hoped to find a awesome local place that we loved that would be less then crowded when we got our Japanese cravings.  Sadly this place was less than we hoped, spending 8 years in Japan our standards may have been high but the menu didn't even make us excited.  There was no flavor in the bento boxes, tempura or 'sushi rolls'.  While the food wasn't 'bad' we definitely will not be back no matter how many times we pass it on the way home.
2	Seeing low reviews on Yelp hasn't deterred me before. I should have taken heed because they were pretty much spot on. Second sign I should have paid attention to - the place was completely empty. Walking in, I would have had the entire place to myself. Third sign - one of their staff got into a verbal altercation with my dad about an extra side he ordered. All he asked for was extra sauce for his tempura and possibly because of a language barrier, it became somewhat heated. Good thing we were the only people in the place.Fourth sign - Ranch dressing for your salad from a Japanese restaurant?Anyway - to the food.I ordered the shrimp bento. That comes with a California Roll, Salad, Rice, Shrimp and Mushrooms. The roll was not freshly made. The rice on the roll was dried out like it had been prepared earlier just waiting to be served. I didn't eat the salad as it came with ranch dressing. I didn't expect that from a Japanese restaurant. The shrimp, though cooked, was overcooked. The same went with the mushrooms which were cooked together. Made the shrimp a little chewy and the mushrooms soggy. I actually like the white rice most of all. Not because of anything out of the ordinary - I just don't eat a lot of rice anymore so it was like a treat for me. Could have been just the cook however with all the choices just in that same plaza alone, there won't be a revisit for an improved rating thanks to their poor customer service.
2	I had hoped for the best when I saw that Sakura was being built.  The Asian cuisine available for lunch near work is mighty scarce in North Las Vegas, so having a new option got me excited.  Sakura is a fast food style teriyaki restaurant, similar to Samurai Sam's or Teriyaki Madness.  You can order a combo meal, which includes rice and veggies, or you can go for a bento box that adds in some California roll pieces, gyoza and salad (which oddly came with ranch).During my first visit I ordered a Bento, and decided that it was not worth the added cost to upgrade from a regular combo.  The California roll seemed to have sat out for a while, and the salad with ranch dressing didn't fit the meal.  On my recent visit I got the regular Teriyaki Chicken combo, which comes with veggies and rice.  I substituted brown rice.  The chicken here is not the best quality, and veggies are forgettable.Outside of the food, one thing that's odd is the way orders are served.  The food is cooked as it gets ordered, and the cooks place the orders on the counter in front of them.  For some reason they yell out the name of the dish, instead of the order number that we are given at the register.  Having three people stare each other down for first dibs on the anonymous Chicken Teriyaki combo is odd, and shouldn't be a problem in the first place since our receipts have numbers.The other thing that was odd is the pricing.  Looking at the menu behind the register, the Teriyaki Chicken costs $5.69.  Adding brown rice costs $0.50.  Yet my receipt shows that the combo only costs $4.99 (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M27gWyT2EpCCj-dSnXDJwA?select=iUE48z_JR84HRno8ydUJHA).Overall the experience during my second visit feels like the first visit, where I went the week they first opened.  Things should be a bit more organized by now, and the pricing difference on my receipt versus the menu had me wondering how much everything really was.  I don't think Sakura stands up to their competition food-wise, but it does seem to be the cheaper alternative.
2	First I would like to say i really hate writing bad reviews...i much more enjoy giving an establishment high ratings and more stars...suffice it to say it has to be done...I had lunch here about a month ago with a co worker.  We were looking to get some quick asian for lunch and this place seemed to to be the ticket.  Well I'll explain why i'm giving it any stars at all.  It was very clean inside from what I could see and that is definitely important anytime food is involved.  Ok on to the food.  I can't even believe they would consider serving this kind of "asian cuisine" to anyone without expecting some confused diners.  I ordered the teriyaki and instead of some nice stir fried veggies under the chicken, i got iceberg lettuce chopped up and sauteed i assume.  it completely threw me off.  The sushi was just as bad with rice that seemed like it came from an uncle bens box.  To sum it up it was a waste of money and expectations for a decent meal.  Will not be coming here again.
3	Nothing spectacular. But the food is good. For the price.i had the teriyaki beef. It was tender with just enough sauce.
1	I went to this place twice. The first time just to try it out and the second one was to give benefit of the doubt.  First off the customer service sucks!!! When your ordering or when your just sitting and eating you can feel the staff gawking at you while you eat and they gossip infront of the customers too. They are very rude at asking orders and the food is nasty! The sushi is not fresh and it seems like they buy their products at the grocery store and mark it way up or something. The shrimp is either over cooked or under cooked and when you ask for extra condiments they will give you an attitude. I've only been at this place twice and I will never come back again, unless I see some improvements or ratings here on yelp that their getting better.
3	Sakura now serves ramen!  They offer miso, tonkatsu and shoyu.  Each bowl is $5.95.  There are also several options to add to your meal including more chashu, boiled egg, chicken teriyaki, tempura etc.  I believe the add-ons ranged from $0.50 to $2.00.The ramen isn't the best I've ever had, but so far it's the best item I've had on their menu.  I ordered the shoyu ramen and added a boiled egg.  It comes with the usual fixings, green onion, ginger, bamboo and a slice of chashu.  The pork is tender, the broth isn't too salty and the noodles were decent.  Again, not the best ever but you're getting a good portion for $6.The service has also improved from last time.  The cook was churning out teriyaki combos one after another and orders were called by the receipt number.  Faster and more accurate service!  For those days where I just need a bowl of soup for lunch (winter is coming after all!) I can see myself coming back for their ramen.
1	I ordered Ramen Noodles and salmon roll. The soup was brought out first and set on their back counter for 10 minutes while waiting for another employee to make the salmon roll. When my order was ready.  The soup was Luke warm. The salmon roll was hot rice covered the fish making the fish warm.   Just a bad combination of temperature here.  I would normally complain but seems to have a major language barrier here.It's fast food service is not liked by me . Quality control is zero. I will not return.
1	The ramen is not that special. It's basically a top ramen with meat, that's all. Shrimp tempura is crunchy but small portion compare to its price.
1	Sad and confusing lunch experience. I mistakenly went to Sakura as I thought it was Teriyaki Madness which I'd bookmarked as a place to escape for lunch. Teriyaki Madness is somewhere down the road and because I'd already parked and walked up to the door, it wasn't worth another 15 minutes for me to hop down to Teriyaki Madness. What a tragic mistake.Calling Sakura a restaurant is generous. Service was terrible-the girl who was playing cashier was rude and was having conversation with the other two guys behind the counter while I was ordering. Ramen isn't a complicated order, but at least give me the courtesy of your full attention when I'm ordering my food. I got the tonkatsu ramen and my Maruchan packet of noodles was served with a questionably cloudy broth (too much miso?) and three thin and DEEPLY unsatisfying pieces of pork. Yes I counted them. I kept hoping that my wandering chopsticks would bump into another piece of pork but kept coming up empty. I am embarrassed to say I finished most of the bowl because I was so hungry. I am also embarrassed to admit that I tipped $1 because this is one of those fast food establishments that presumptuously adds a tip line on their receipts. The only service I got here was someone dumping a pack of noodles into a plastic bowl, stirring up the ingredients and serving it to me when the noodles were soft. This does not constitute a tip of any sort and based on the uncomfortable 30 seconds at the register, watching the sushi chef roll sushi, ordering sushi does not warrant a tip either. He made one of the sloppiest rolls I've ever seen. If someone served me that roll, I'd send it back...and I don't send anything back. Yes, along with shamefully terrible ramen, they dare to serve eat-at-your-own-risk sushi. I imagine the rest of the menu is unauthentic Americanized Japanese dishes.  I'd rather go lick the floor of the Chipotle next door than eat here again. But I'll probably just get a burrito instead.
3	I give it a 3... i don't want to trash talk but... I've been there plenty of times. every time I was there.. the cashier girl is always on her phone texting. she's a sweet girl I guess but her service isn't that great. it's hard for her to understand me sometimes and there has been times where there has been things left out of my order. SPEAK CLEARLY. the dude that makes the sushi is very standoffish. when everyone is in the back and he's the only one there he won't even take down your order, smile, etc. he just stands there. I think I've seen him smile like twice. at first going there they were kind of rude but they've gotten better. now about the food. shrimp, not a good choice. teriyaki, not a good choice. I love the 911 roll. now, it's not always fresh but realize you aren't paying that much money. the miso soup, definitely not the best I've ever had, and I've tried tons. but it's not terrible. . just depends on if you're looking for a quick japanese fix.
1	Food was ok, small amounts of meat mostly rice and half cooked veggies. Horrible service.
1	I stopped by here for lunch because I didn't feel like chipotle...maybe I should have gone to chipotle anyway....I ordered 2 rolls, the 911 roll (this is nine eleven, not nine one one) and the Lion roll. The Lion roll was definitely the better of the 2 but if you are putting teriaki pork on the outside of the roll, I'm not expecting it to be dried. I had a couple issues with service. 1. No receipt. Yes I could have gone up and asked for it but I was waiting for my food anyway (10+ min)  and I saw them coming out with it.2. No I did not want my meal to go, i was eating there and I was starving. I did not expect it to come out in plastic containers.3. I expect something labeled 911 to be hot and spicy. This sadly disappointed.About an hour or so after lunch my stomach was not overly happy with me for this choice in lunch. I've had much better elsewhere. If you find yourself in the area and the choice is chipotle, famos dave's and Sakura, don't choose Sakura.
3	Fast sushi average, but nothing bad.
1	The service is average and the food in terrible. I ordered the beef teriyaki and it was disgusting, literally indelible. I have no idea how or why this business is still operating.
3	I've been to Sakura numerous times since they opened.  I go to the Chipotle next door all the time and its nice to have some variation every now and then.When I go to Sakura, I usually get their chicken or beef regular bowls with brown rice and veggies, or the special that includes miso soup, salad, and a California roll.  They serve a good amount of meat, but they're usually stingy with the veggies.  If you want all veggies (no rice), or brown rice (instead of white rice), it costs a little extra.  I've had their tofu as well, which is average.  I usually go with chicken and beef now to get my protein fix.The sushi I've had here is not rolled well, and is not of the best quality.  When you get take out, keep in mind that the rolls are bagged on top of your hot food, so the sushi will get warm.  The sushi refrigerator bar (not sure what you call those things) is super small, right next to the cash register.  I mean, the place is a teriyaki "express" restaurant that obviously doesn't specialize in sushi, so what do you expect?  If you're expecting Goyemon-quality sushi then you're at the wrong place.  If you go in knowing that the sushi is a bit better than the rolls you can get at Panda Express or the grocery store, then you'll "like" it.  Bottom line is don't go here strictly for sushi, unless you don't care or you're not as picky.I haven't had a bad experience with their food.  Maybe I'm not as picky as some reviewers on here (or my expectations are not as high as theirs) but their food has been tasty each time and I DO plan on going back many more times.
4	Ok, this review is on the SUSHI only.I just had three rolls, and boy were they GOOD! They have expanded the sushi line-up since I ate here last (6 months?) There are so many deluxe choices now. I am not sure about the other dishes served here, but the sushi is pretty dang great. Dragon Roll FTW! :)
2	Asked what veggies are in the Teriyaki Bowl and got nothing of what the girl told me. I got a bunch of mushrooms instead which I can't stand..
2	Restuarant is clean and next to a Five Guys (Craig/Losee).  Came out here and had to make the decision...Burger or Sushi?  I chose the sushi and ended up regretting it.  The rolls were not fresh, loose, and basically tasted like cardboard.  Maybe their other items are good, but not coming back to find out.  Btw, service was just average.  Just opened this year and maybe they'll get better.  With so many other sushi spots in Vegas, no reason for me too come back.
2	Although the chicken teriyaki tasted decent, the service wasn't too great. The Thai tea sucked too, I had to take it back and it still wasn't good.
3	For the price good rolls! Just make sure the prep staff and cooks wash their hands before making your food.Trust me on that one!
4	This is only regarding the sushi. I have not tried anything else. The place seems to be family owned and mostly operated by family. English, I think, is a second language to them so please be patient when you hit a language barrier. The sushi was made fresh and was great! I've come back here 4 times now and have constantly received great food, and a smile! FYI It's mostly a (fresh) fast food type place.
3	Ive been coming here every now and then for the past year and theyve improved a lot. Their sushi used to be sloppy and not made with care but I came here recently and its better, their chicken bento box is great too with noodles.Sometimes they run out of ingredients for the rainbow roll (which is my favorite roll )and it tastes plain. and I feel sometimes with the right ingredients it still has no flavor :(another thing, they need to stay on top of things, because I went there and there were no utensils or chopsticks or soy sauce packets and when I asked he said they were there... uh no.But I definitely recommend the hawaiian roll if you like spicy food.
4	Pretty good sushi for a little spot. Always fresh and satisfying!
2	I tried to like this restaurant but I just couldn't do it after three chances I gave it. The prices are cheap but what you pay is what you get. Nasty old fish,poorly put together sushi rolls,under cooked doughy tempura vegetables,really dirty floors,and horrid customer service. I will not be returning.
3	I took a chance on this place since Chipotle was so busy.  I had the chicken teriyaki deluxe bento box to go for dinner. It was okay but I have to say it got cold since I took so long to get home. The salad was a few pieces of lettuce. The California roll was small and I couldn't taste any cream cheese. I liked the chicken but it was a small portion on a large bed of sticky white rice. I also got the edamame. It was hot an delicious.  If you want fast food sushi I think you won't be disappointed.
1	I use to go here quite often when they first opened, and it was pretty good. But is now so bad that I no longer go. The cooks are dirty, sushi is sloppy and ingredients are not well chilled, and the chicken terriyaki is made with some interesting meat. With so many other options in this plaza, they really need to improve asap to survive!
2	My husband ordered Combo B.  The sushi is ok.  It is like what you would buy from the supermarket.  It is "fast food" sushi.  I ordered a chicken teriyaki bento box.  It was ok.  The prices were just too much for what we received.
4	Quite the update from awhile ago... this place has definitely grown on me! Despite the other reviews, this place actually isn't too bad. Conveniently placed where the lunch rush goes and is a great alternative.The chicken teriyaki is always on point and very delicious.
1	The worst Japanese food place i have ever seen. Poor hospitality, Overly priced for the amount of food they give you on the plate.. Please never go to this place... You will regret for sure... Total waste of money..
4	I'm surprised this place has such bad reviews because it never fails to disappoint on our end. We ordered the teriyaki beef deluxe bento box & the teriyaki chicken. The brown rice was good, noodles are bland in the sense no vegetables are mixed in, and the bento box was lacking in meat. But honestly, everything tasted great and I left extremely full & satisfied. We finally found our alternative to the disappointing Teriyaki Madness up the street! :)
2	I came in for lunch as I work nearby. The place was clean as far as I could tell  but the food was awful.  I ordered a teriyaki chicken and shrimp and the shrimp were very small and rubbery that accompanied my chicken pieces of an unknown source on a white bed of rice.  Only a few squirts of teriyaki sauce to top it off made the sauce scarce as well. I was very disappointed. Not coming back.
2	I could say, the service and food can be fixed, someone has to care. The bits of chicken in the chicken teriyaki aren't going to make someone go back, the vegetables look and taste old, noodles are bland. The cashier looks like he doesn't wanna be there, and last time I was there, the cook had over 15 plates to make. Poor guy. I gave it a second chance and it really disappointed.
2	My husband loves teryaki, but the service here sucks...The crab rangoon was dry, hard and burnt the worst ever...The guy behind the counter gave me my own plastic bag, to bag up the containers in, really? What restaurant does that....they need some training in customer service and being professional. ..There is definitely no pride in their work....just lazy....
1	I ordered chicken teriyaki deluxe bento for to go. I should've checked my order before I left this place. When I opened the box, there were literally 6 small pieces of chicken. I paid over $1 for a small piece of chicken. Service was horrible. I am not sure if ownership changed or not but the person took my order seemed very confused with previous orders. Really disappointed at this place. Never again!! Don't waste your time and money here!!
1	If I could give a negative # I would! I was eating my sushi when a worker walked over to my table stepped on something than left. As I looked down it was a dead cockroach!!! She left it there..next to my table. Never came back to pick it up! Disgusting!! Sushi was decent until that!!! Can someone call health inspection please!!
1	I wish I would have read yelp BEFORE I are here. The service was ok but the food sucked. I had the Chicken Teriyaki with vegetables. What I received was a plate of rice with chicken and lettuce. I was in a hurry and was starving so I ate it but I promise I won't be back.
1	Avoid avoid avoid! Tried this place with a friend because the name sounds authentic. The food is not well seasoned. Taste like water with umami preservatives the shrimp are too sad to be on a plate!
5	Sakura is the love of my life. Ive had it over 5 times a week, every week. ( no I'm not exaggerating ) The teriyaki chicken is my favorite of all. #1 with a medium lemonade. The teriyaki sauce was made by god or something. Greatest place to grab teriyaki chicken. EVER.
4	Love this place I come here every chance I get... Good portion and a great price service is always fast and they are nice. I recommend this place to everyone :)
1	This place was not good, it shouldn't even be allowed to be called a sushi place. Tables were wobbly and sticky, we ordered some rolls and combo plates they give you salad on your plates with generic ranch packets instead of the ginger dressing it's supposed to come with.  The best thing we ordered were the California rolls. I will not come back to this place and if your a true sushi lover you wouldn't even waste your time
1	Bad. We ordered an Alaskan roll which was salmon, avocado and cucumber inside and salmon on top. It came out and was salmon on top with crab and cucumber on inside. I went up to tell him it was wrong. No one spoke good enough English to understand and he kept telling me they don't put avocado in there rolls anymore. I asked why it was on the menu then? He gave me the run around while the other worker is sitting in the background saying offensive things in Japanese . I didn't feel like arguing so I walked away. The manager lady kept giving me dirty looks. What's funny is they didn't know I could understand what they were saying. Salad didn't come with dressing and the tempura was soggy and didn't come with dressing.
1	Do not eat here. I was NOT expecting extreme freshness since we r away in Las Vegas but the sushi rolls are so dry and plastic looking that I feel I was robbed out of my money. Had to go next door for a burrito. :(
1	Let's get straight to it!ServiceThe people were fine. Natural and courteous.FoodTERRIBLE!! I ordered a beef dish and the beef was gummy and tasteless! It was terribly disappointing. This place needs a huge revamp if they're gonna stay afloat. Even the yum yum sauce was subpar. Everything about the food was just garbage! Please do not waste your time or money!
1	Didn't love it and wont be back. I went for ramen but there was no ramen I was tired so I got teraki and rice. I could have had better flavor with an Hawaiian plate. If your looking for Chinese food may I suggest something else, even Panda express.
2	I called in an order for two hand rolls: one salmon and one spicy tuna. Should have checked my order before walking out the door and heading home. I opened my bag to find normal salmon and spicy tuna rolls. Quality wasn't great...a lot of rice and not much fish. Was pretty upsetting :(. But the order WAS ready by the time I got there..I guess that's worth the second star? If there's another option in vicinity, definitely always 1000% choose the other option.
