5	Scott made all my credit issues disappear and was simple and clear to deal with always. I didn't have any serious problem but I had several issues on my credit report that could not get off that had been cleared up by me so i was very frustrated and scott looked at all my paper work and said he could help and for a very reasonable fee. He also connected me to the tools I needed to follow my credit in the future and took care of everything I needed. Trustworthy,  honest and dependable are how I describe him and have already recommended him to friends who also had an easy and successful relationship with him. I will always recommend Scott to my friends who have credit issues. It's hard in this business to find someone you can trust so I am thrilled I found him and I know you will too!
5	I contracted Scott from Silverstate Credit Services to remove a blemish from my borrower's credit report.  He assured me that the account could be removed quickly and that the scores would be positively affected.  This was extremely important to me since it was a make or break situation for my buyer.  Sure enough, within just 2 days, Scott has the derogatory trade line completely removed from my buyer's credit report, allowing him to close on his dream home.  I would absolutely recommend Silverstate Credit Services to anyone in the future and will be using them whenever I need to save a transaction.  Thanks Scott!Dennis Z.
5	About one year ago I was looking for a new home. I knew at the time I was not in a position to buy due to my poor credit. I met with Scott and after assessing my credit situation he tells me in less than a year I should be able to get approved for a home loan. For a very reasonable price, he took care of the headache and simplified everything. He educated me on how regain my credit score and maintain it. There was a lot of information I didn't know about old debt which saved me lots of money. Scott is reliable-- always available to me when I have any questions or concerns. Within 6 months I was able to get approved for a home loan, I'm really thankful for Scott's help!I would recommend Silverstate Credit Services to anyone that needs help with their credit!
5	After being enticed into a contract with a scam company who took my money and failed to deliver, I found my credit was erroneously marred. This company had been barred from half of the U.S. by state Attorney Generals for disreputable business dealings. However, I couldn't get their bogus collection claims off my credit report. Scott coached me from start to finish and eventually guided me to seek legal support. The attorney provided the extra push to get a letter of deletion which has cleared my credit report of all derogatory information. Scott gave me the guidance and support to keep going and prevail against the credit demons!
5	Scott was great! He did exactly what he said he would do and was very knowledgeable . The goal was to remove/dispute some negatives and hopefully get a 100 point increase of my credit score. He did it within three months and I kept me updated along the way. Will definitely use him again in the future for maintenance.
