4	Ah yes, the Post Office.  Usually I loathe going to the Post Office:  long lines, grumpy employees, impatient patrons...you know what I mean. I stopped by the Hopi Station Post Office one morning before work to drop off my Mother's Day package and was pleasantly surprised.  The line was very short; only one man was in front of me.  Even though there was only one postal employee working the counter I waited no longer than two minutes.  The post lady (yes, I still refer to postal employees as the "post man/lady") was very helpful and recommended the best way to ship my package. I was in, out and on my way.  And my package arrived two days earlier than expected.  Now I know the Post Office isn't so bad as I thought...at least not this location.
1	Just had to pick up some stamps and i was with my mom waited in line for like 5-10mins. Once we got to the teller we asked for a roll of stamps and post card stamps. The employee was being a bitch and complaining that she had to go to the back and get more stamps (then go get them and stop complaining) . My mom asked can we get some Eco friendly stamps, the employee rolled her eyes and said they do not have that. Then i asked if they had something more colorful or fancy because i was sending out business letters. My mom told her some statistic of people opening letters with colorful stamps the employee said "ya right, i doubt that"! OMG talk about rude, like I'm sorry you hate your job but do not take it out on me! She kept making rude comments about how that is dumb and would not work, like whatever just sell me the damn stamps! I never thought i would be so pissed to the post office!
5	"Woohoo! As good as it gets!" - agreed Yelp! This is as good as it gets when it comes to a post office
1	Zero supplies (e.g. Flat rate envelopes) in the self service area. Now have to make another trip. Also, there was a handwritten sign made out to the attention of "costumers".
1	This is solely for the clerk named Linda. She should be put in the back sorting mail and not out front "helping" customers because she is certainly lacking in customer service skills. She yells at, snaps at and disrespect customers. When one complains she goes in complete denial and victim blames. She one of those that feel she untouchable because she a government employee with seniority so she can treat someone like dirt and feels she can get away with it. Linda was a very angry and sad person to me. Maybe I just caught her on her bad day but whatever the reason she should treat customers with good customer service not make them cry!Hope the postal master is reading this and do try to fix this problem. Clearly I'm not the only one with a bad experience at this location!
2	I needed to get a money order and send it out for something I purchased online.  Since I rarely use money orders, I had no idea where to go.  Luckily, someone in the office told me to go to a post office, which was perfect because this one is conveniently located nearby.I waited in a short line, which seemed to take forever.  The postal workers at the window were not very friendly and were slow in getting the transactions completed.  The USPS has really went downhill....I remember when I was a kid, they were friendly and fast and proud to be a USPS worker.  Now, it seems like they hate their job.Oh well, I didn't let it bother me.  I bought the money order, dropped it in the mail, then took off.Return Factor - 50%
5	My review is for employee Juan R. only. I called this station this am to see if they could help me track down an overseas registered package that had gone missing in Goodyear, AZ last week.  Feeling negative about the situation, and expecting them to say" you need to wait 30 days to report this" or something like that, Juan answered the phone, quickly took my info and put me on hold to go check their shelves. Turning up empty handed, he said he'd call around, reach out to my carrier and give me a call later. I got home today and my package had arrived, much to my surprise. My phone rang at 5:11 pm (this office closes at 5) and it was Juan letting me know that he had been calling around all day and attempted several times to get in touch with my carrier in order to find my package. Fortunately it had been delivered without any tracking info. Juan went above and beyond in an effort to help me. I've never been impressed with postal workers, but wow, fabulous customer service and a huge thank you to Juan.
1	Automated machine not stocked.
