4	Madison needs more hole-in-the-wall distilleries. Just like this one. It's in the middle of the industrial area of the E. Wash isthmus. Hoppin' hood.At the time of authoring, they only have a couple spirits (honey liquor, ozuo, and rum). They make cocktails from the spirits that they distill right in the distillery. Very concise menu, but of the cocktails I tried were yummy. Reasonably priced too.The interior is pretty open, and has lots of wood and concrete. One complaint - there is no music, so it's pretty quite/tame. They need to amp up the energy here. I understand the ambiance is very chill, but they can do better.
5	If you are a craft beer geek and enjoy visiting breweries, then this is a logical next step for you.If you enjoy liquor, craftsmanship, and small business, this is up your alley.Wife and I enjoyed a couple of cocktails on a recent trip to visit our daughters.  The passion from the owner and the gentleman working the bar was impressive.  I enjoyed an old-fashioned and my wife had a drink similar to a margarita.  Picked up a couple of bottles for the road.Unique, fun experience...a must for any visitor to Madision.
3	My first impression was that the Old Sugar Distillery is urban industrial chic to the extreme.  But after a moment or two I realized that it's not an act - this is a working distillery first and a bar second.  And its a good thing that they are better at being a distillery than a bar!The drink menu features (as it should) cocktails made with their own distilled spirits.  The current selections include a honey liqueur, rum, ouzu, sorghum whiskey, brandy and grappa.  When I arrived at about 7:30 on a Thursday evening the place was at about half capacity with three people working the bar.  It took about 5 minutes for one of the bartenders to notice me and finally ask me what I'd like.I ordered the Queen Jennie sorghum whiskey, neat.  The nose was strong with a hint of vanilla.  It's aged for 8 months in charred oak barrels that are only 5 gallons - helping to shorten the aging process by increasing the amount of wood per gallon of whiskey.  Upon sipping there is a toastiness that comes through from the barrel, along with an almost maple syrup flavor.  Not having the chance to speak to anyone knowledgable about the whiskey, I don't know if this is characteristic of sorghum or if there is somehting added to the whiskey to give it that flavor.  It was nice, smoother than a traditional bourbon and almost like sipping a manhattan type cocktail.All in all, Old Sugar is an interesting place to try out or visit occasionally,   The industrial atmosphere and limited offerings would preclude me visiting on a regular basis, but I would happily go back with cocktail minded friends to try some of the other offerings.
3	Love their spirits -- they rank a five for me.  The Honey Liqueur is just the thing when camping in places where it gets cold at night, and the Queen Jennie is a fabulous whiskey with a sweet finish, and not harsh at all.  The bar is full of Bright Young Things trying very hard to look earnest, and it's hilarious to me.  Maybe I'm too old.  So I get my bottles to go, and enjoy the liquor at home with friends.  That's why they get 3 stars.
5	Pour some sugar (distillary) on me.I wish I could call this place a hidden gem, but really it's in an enormous incubator space run by Common Wealth Development that's home to about 15 different businesses including a photographer, a personal trainer and a small batch nut butter maker. Nuts, right? I'll keep this short, because really it's quite simple and you should stop reading and go there. NOW. First things first, it's not a bar. It's a distillary. This means limited hours and limited spirits. Let me repeat... it's not a bar. Don't go thinking you're going to be presented with an extensive menu of specialty cocktails great for guzzling. They have a few, but think of this place like a tasting room. Because it is. Their website has a pretty comprehensive explanation of their standards, their specialty limited editions spirits and the local ingredients they use, so eye that over first. Some new friends (Hey Tom and Ryan) get me out for National Rum Day when these guys were doing $4 standards. Again keep an eye on their webpage and follow them on Facebook because they're updating both with useful information about specials and events. Inside and out, the place is super rad. It's industrial and dark and there's a tremendous amount of seating now on the sidewalk where I instantly felt cooler sitting. Staff is informative about their sippers, hip to Yelp (big ups) and up for some good chit chat if that's your thing. Reserve a Thursday, Friday or Saturday to check it out (the only days they're open) and ask for a taste before you grab a glass of something. They're free, they come with info and insight and your cool factor grows exponentially as you sit.
4	Been here a few times. Each time we bought a bottle of the sugar cane rum!  Yum
5	This was my first ever distillery visit and I LIKED IT!!  I randomly found this place while searching for things to do in Madison we weren't really sure what we were getting into.  First off, the two guys working were so nice and so helpful.  One guy gave us a "tour" without us ever actually having to leave our seats since the distillery only seemed to consist of one large room with the bar in the middle. Next, we all received a free tasting.  Maybe you could have had more than one but one was enough for me.  This stuff is strong!! I sampled the honey liqueur which I couldn't even finish.  The boys I was with finished theirs though and I believe one tried the rum and the other tried the whiskey.  We then went on to order cocktails made from these liquors which was a much more pleasant experience for me.  I ordered the caipirinha.  It was quite tasty!  I also tried my friend's "Root Beer" drink which I did not like but this was mainly because of my dislike for ouzo and anything else that carries the taste of licorice.  This was the first stop on a bike tour through Madison (that we made up) so we didn't stay long enough for a second drink but I'm glad that we stopped in and I'm sure I'll be back again!
4	Nice to get some craft spirits to compliment all the beer that's out there these days. We had a couple of cocktails and were hooked. The bar shared a few recipes, and we left with a bottle each of Whiskey, Rum, and Ouzo. Yeah! You can even go home with a barrel. Looked fun.Was there on a sunny day so took a spot at the picnic tables out front and enjoyed a well mixed cocktail, including their take on a Sazerac and a rum-based manhattan served tall in a pint glass. Both were excellent.FYI, we stumbled on this place looking for Underground Meats. They share a building, but if you want to buy their charcuterie, go to Willy St Co-op. It's not for sale here. Just in case you were looking...
5	What an interesting and wonderful place to stop for a drink!  We weren't even in the door yet when we encountered our first friendly employee, who was washing down the outdoor patio.  Sat at the bar and were greeted by a bartender who could not have been better at her job.  She very carefully crafted the cocktails we'd chosen from the menu:  a Whiskey Sour for me and a Main Street for my BF, both made with their sorghum whiskey.  Excellent choices.  Go.  If you appreciate good drinks in tasteful, unique, and friendly surroundings, you won't be disappointed.
5	a favorite place to bring out-of-towners, this (bar-first, distillery-second) locale has a laid back vibe, delicious bevs and great service.  the menu is limited, but full of delightful options to enjoy.  and, the strong local focus of the establishment is a definite plus.
2	I had such high hopes for this place, but my experience left me disappointed. First, when I arrived at 9:30pm (on a Friday night) I couldn't tell if they were open. I get a dark ambiance, but when you drive up, you want to be able to tell if a venue is open. Also, send someone out to shovel the snow... that would be a great help.After getting inside and discouraged by the bartender not to pick the flight due to a 10pm close and the flight being a lot of alcohol, I was directed to sample to Honey Liqueur and Rum. Nothing overly impressive, but I tried the Honey Cap. That was a poor choice on my part, I like a drink with lime, the Honey Cap could benefit from a little less. All I had was an unpleasant lime after taste. My brother had the Whiskey Sour, again, nothing to write home about.I did enjoy the atmosphere they had inside, good selection of folk and alternative music playing. There was some stadium like seating towards the back that left me wondering what was going on, I'd come back just to sit up there with a group of friends to try the flight. I also liked seeing all the barrels along the wall - aging their rum for 6 months, as the bartender informed us.Bartenders appeared knowledgeable and friendly. But I just didn't find anything too special about this distillery - Milwaukee has a better one. I won't return too soon, but I'm willing to give them one more try.
4	I wish this place was open later and not just Thur-Sat. But hey, it's a distillery not a bar.An awesome place to have a chill, relaxing conversation with a friend or friends away from the crazy college bar scenes downtown. Don't have to shout and lose you voice. YES!Got the Gringo. Tasted like cinnamon rice pudding in liquid form or spiked horchata. For $6 it was a steal for the serving size. I would skip desert at the restaurant and come here instead to end the night right.
5	I absolutely love the ambiance here! The cocktails are delicious and I will always also order the snack board from Underground. The barrels, equipment and knowledgeable staff all add up to a really warm, old industrial vibe.The Honey-Cap is my favorite drink. The honey liqueur mixed with the lime pulp is heavenly! In my perfect world, Old Sugar would be open 5 days a week!
5	I came here intentionally....by accident....stumbling lost to my planned destination...wtf?!?!?!okay...I was in the area for an art show and had always intended to check this place out.  However, I did not realize it was right 'there'...in the depot district...so, a very unexpected and pleasant surprise....The place was pretty busy - right before the holidays.  The owner still made time for me to review their various offerings, gave samples, talked shop...VERY friendly.  I ended up walking out with some GREAT gifts that were very well received a few weeks later.  With requests for MORE! (from folks that live nowhere near Madison).I've been back a few times and it is always such a lovely quaint visit.  The setting couldn't be any better.hint:  if you go near the holidaze...they have some fabulous gift packages!
5	LOVE!I was won over with Chai Hot Toddy on a cold wintery night, and I have never looked back.  Industrial distillery in an old warehouse, you'll need to know where you are heading.  Perhaps a big light beaming into the sky would help over in that neighborhood.Every time I go back they have a new liquor to try and the bartenders have been great about sampling new options.They do have some schnackies to sample, but don't come hungry.I have gifted the Ouzo and Abe Cane Rum to my brothers out of state and they couldn't say enough.I will always have Honey Liquor on hand.  It can be mixed with so many things.Check the schedule, sometimes they have live music.
4	OK I am totally dumb.  Read on.I came here with friends having done NO research whatsoever which is totally unlike me.  But they are trusted friends and a place like this is why I trust them.  So I had to figure out on my own, after several tasty cocktails, that this is not a bar.  It was clear that it was a distillery - but I figured it was also a bar.  As the spirits flowed into me I realized they were only serving their own spirits.  Then I wondered why last call was 10 pm.  But no worries - I figured it all out.  The drinks were very tasty even though Vodka is normally my spirit of choice.  My only complaint was that there were not enough chairs for the amount of table space.  My other complaints were not warranted once I found out it's not actually a bar.  I would encourage you to go check it out - it's worth your time.
4	Great spot "off the beaten path" in the Willie St neighborhood. This distillery serves up their spoils via inventive cocktails, converting the distilling area into a cozy bar surrounded by whiskey barrels and fermenting vats. Only open Thursday-Saturday until 10pm. Get there early to snag an outside patio spot. The Honey Cap was my fav, honey liquor with lime, honey, and club soda. Super refreshing on a warm summer night. The Dark and Storm goes down smooth and the bartenders mix up a great Whiskey Sour. All drinks are priced between $5-$7 and you can buy their 750 ml bottles to-go at the bar (before 9pm) for $30 or try a sample of a few of their 375 ml bottles. They serve up a cheese/charcuterie plate from Underground Food Collective, their only food option. Wonder if you can bring in food from outside? Can't see why not.
4	Another example of why the east side of Madison is so fantastic. Unassuming place; you'd easily drive-by and miss it if you weren't looking for it. But do yourself a favor and make it a point to visit. Absolutely charming space - others have nailed the description. It's cozy yet far from cramped. Bartenders are outstanding - fast, friendly, and mix some excellent cocktails. It's a great place to start or end your evening (provided you wind-down early, as they close at 10:00pm).Try everything on the drink menu at least once. I'm normally a fan of Sazerac or a Whisky Sour, but Old Sugar's Dark & Stormy may be the very best version I've ever had. And the Honeycap? Yes, please.Very reasonable prices on everything from cocktails to full bottles and swag.
4	Overview: Great place to wind down the day! The atmosphere is laid back, yet it feels like you're part of something very special when you're in here. Distillery Tour: I have never been on a distillery tour so short before. However, I like that fact that you don't have to buy tickets (It's free!) or reserve a time. You can just show up at your leisure and ask for an informal overview of what they do. I should note that they do recommend you come early for a tour, as they don't always do them if it's very busy. That being said, it was busy the Friday night I went in and they still took the time out to do one.Alcohol: There was no formal tasting after the tour, however a bartender told my boyfriend and I to let her know if we wanted to sample any of the spirits. I regret not trying the Ouzo, as it sounded really unique. Vegan take: I was super stoked to find out that their Gringo is made with Horchata by Rice Dream, which is 100% vegan! However, if you are a strict vegan, you should know that the original Gringo recipe contains honey liquor, so you can always ask them to sub with something else. Bottom line: Quality spirits, creative cocktails and a great atmosphere!
5	They close at 10pm and it's technically not a bar, but a tasting room. So, they only serve drinks using their alcohol. It's a great place for big and small groups. You can sit in or out for a different experience; both equally great! The staff is very good. I love how laid back it is and my only complaint is why I don't get to go as often as I would like :) One caveat, there's no food besides chips and small cheese and meat platter available (from Underground Kitchen).
4	Cool distillery/bar east of Madison. Didn't really see a lot of the distillery but mainly there is a drinking room. They have a menu of different cocktails. Was there on a Saturday around 6 and it was fairly busy.Pricing is pretty good - generally $6 per mixed drink. Try the Honey-Cap!
5	Needed something to do later afternoon on a trip to Madison and found the Old Sugar distillery on a list of ten things to see while in Madison. Went with a friend and we both had their signature drink very tasty and reasonably priced. They had a very limited food menu, mostly a bar using their own spirits. Great atmosphere and awesome employees. FYI: First time customers get to sample there products. It made for a very good afternoon!! I would recommend this to anyone who needs something to do in Madison 21+ of course.
3	I am torn over Old Sugar. I have been there many times and brought many people there. Unfortunately, I feel like every experience never lives up to my first experience there. It is likely the failure of memory, so here is my breakdown. Atmosphere - Awesome. It feels like you snuck into the middle of a distillery and someone is serving you drinks there. One night a guy that sounded like Tom Waits was singing and I thought I had died and gone to heaven (Tom Wait's version of heaven, of course). Drinks - Strong. The one thing that bums me out about Old Sugar is that I feel they could do so much more. I mean, they make their own liquor, so you would think they have some fancy cocktails. They aren't terribly fancy, or fantastically executed. And they only have 1-2 rotating cocktails, otherwise it is the same ol' thang. Price - Affordable. Usually $6-$7 a cocktailAs others have noted, it closes early (10 pm) so you should get there early. It is a good standard place with some classy novelty.
4	I love this place. The drinks are da bomb. My one reduced star?Well, I frequently go in and see a younger guy with a beard and dark hair(hipster!) just chillin, not doing a thing and i want my damn drink. Cool if you gotta make a quick text, but seriously, look busy and hide that shit. Everything else is pure bliss. People are nice, drinks are delicious and it looks cool inside. Dark and stormys are my go to and will recommend it to anyone
2	I had very strange experience at Old Sugar Distillery.  I think everyone would agree that a good product can take you far...but quality service is what gets you all the way.My chai hot toddy was delicious...the pumpkin martini really wasn't but I think others might enjoy it, I'm just a wuss and found it too strong.  I went to the bar and ordered a flight, chai hot toddy, pumpkin martini and cheese/meat plate.  I was told that the cheese/meat plate would take about 10 minutes and I said no worries and showed the bartender where I was sitting.  My pumpkin martini and flight came right up while waiting at the bar....and then I waited about 10 minutes for the hot toddy before saying something.  The bar tender apologized and then made it for me.  No big deal, it happens....however....After sitting down and having our drinks 30 minutes passed.  My husband went over to the bar to say we hadn't received the food and came back to sit down....then the woman who said that I would have to wait 10 minutes for the meat and cheese plate came and just plain said she didn't think she could make it.  Umm...ok.   Then she sheepishly asked if I would mind just having cheese.  (this is really annoying because they advertise on the menu that the sausage is made in the f-ing building...why couldn't just go get it next door?)  I said "no, obviously not because I paid for the entire dish."  She responded with "ohhh, you paid for it already? Do you mind coming to find me in 10 or 15 minutes, we're really busy."  I was pretty annoyed at that point and said "no, I'm not going to go and find you so either bring the food or give me my money back."  She brought the meat and cheese plate a few minutes later. WEIRD right???  I won't be back.
4	I've wanted to come here for a long time after reading some reviews, and was very impressed! The place is really cute, and the drinks were delicious and affordable. Only downside is the hours - it's only open a few days a week and closes at 10pm. It would be the perfect mid-week place, but it's not open. I'm definitely coming back!
4	One of my friends raved about this place for months, and I finally took the time to come here a few days ago. Though the open hours are few,and the location is a tad obscure, it adds to the charm. A distillery first, the atmosphere inside is great. Large barrels and distillery equipment surround you, lit by sort-of romantic lighting. This would be a great place to take a date or show an out-of-towner who you want to catch up with.The cocktails are so cheap, especially given the quality of the fare. I have had a few of their cocktails, and I would recommend the Gringo (I love horchata). Their homemade liquor is delicious.I would not recommend coming here with a large group, as the seating is pretty sparse, but small groups are perfect.Bottom-line: great bar to start the night at (closes at 10 pm) or take a date
5	Delicious drinks and a great atmosphere!  Does it get any better than this?  No, not in Madison it doesn't.  Their only downfall is that they don't have more quick food options, but they do allow you to order in takeout.  The staff is always helpful and friendly, as are the patrons.  Love it!
5	Patio is open!Gringos are flowing! They added Banzo pita and hummus to their savory options. Now is the time to scope out this awesome spot on Madison's East Side, and ask them behind the bar about their process. It's pretty wild how much they're able to accomplish in a small space.
5	Love the drinks here! Great place to hang out and chill with friends. Patio is amazinggggg. If you're hungry, get some underground butcher meats and banzo hummus and pita. Great sides for drinks!What to get?Gringo - horchata with honey liquorHoney cap - easy to down drink; lime and honey liquorEverything is amazing!Because of Yelp's Boozing and Schmoozing, we got to learn all about Old Sugar Distillery from Ernest!Inspired by the old sugar factory behind olbrich, Old Sugar Distillery has been up and running in the Willy street area for 4 years. All the liquors are made from some type of sugar, and the makers attempt to source sugar and ingredients as local as possible. The gigantic pot steel by the door/window can fill up to 450 gallons of liquid! Most drinks start out with:1000 pound of sugar 150-200 gallon of waterChampagne yeast. Doesn't add a lot of flavor. 2 weeks fermentation. Then back into pot steel. Vapors. 15-20h of vaporizing alcohol into condenser. Gaggling style of cold water tubes. End up with 50 gallons of high proof alcohol for aging!Oak barrels from Minnesota Small 10 gallon barrelsUsed only onceEfficient Takes 10 months to age 1 month to age per gallonAdd distilled water to lower the proof of aged liquor100% Wisconsin brandy Grapes are picked by their own employees or volunteers!
4	This is a little gem on east Madison. Thanks to Yelp's Boozing and Schmoozing event, I got to learn about Old Sugar Distillery on my first trip here. It's awesome to know that they source locally as much as possible and do the brewing and distillation themselves. Their drinks are awesome! I had the honey cap -- made with their very own honey liquer. As mentioned on their menu, this drink is so delicious, it goes down very easily and you won't feel that you are having an alcoholic drink until moments later, which is not a bad thing =) Snacks wise, they serve Banzo pita and hummus, which complement your drinks nicely. Even though I came as a group in an organized event, you don't have to do that in order to get a 'tour' of the place. The people there are very nice and friendly and more than happy to explain you how things work and show you around. The outdoor patio is a plus. Sipping drinks out in the sun and enjoying the weather outside. Love my first experience and I will be back when I am in the Eastside again.
5	This place is RIDICULOUSLY cool. So cool it made me feel even cooler when I went in there. The Old Sugar Distillery has fantastic cocktails -- my favorite was the Honey-Cap (Similar to a Caipirinha, but different enough to be even MORE cool). I wouldn't have known this place was here if a friend hadn't suggested we go... even when she first suggested I was thoroughly confused. It even looks like it's in an abandoned warehouse. The hours are a little funky, but the atmosphere is awesome and that more than makes up for it. As I said before... toooo cooool!A little pricey, but for a night where you forget you're in Madison and think you're in some swanky old town hideaway it's well worth it!
5	Drinks are amazing and only about 6 bucks. I feel like that does not need much more elaboration and sums up why I love this place. Has a great vibe and always a decent sized crowd on the weekend. Make this place your first stop for a night out on the town since they close at 10pm. This is one of my favorite spots to bring friends visiting from out of town. I can't really name a drink that isn't good on the menu. Menu isn't extensive but it really doesn't need to be since the quality of the drinks is what makes this place special.
4	If I wasn't with someone who knew where this was I never would have just stumbled across it.  The interior is very cool and the still is sitting right near the bar.  The staff was all very friendly and helpful.  We opted for the tasting flight and were amazed by the amount of liquor and the variety you get to try.  We both had one cocktail as well.  The tasting flight is very cool and you get a small glass to keep.  I would highly suggest this place to anyone looking for a unique experience with distilled spirits.
4	Awesome drinks. The horchata is my favorite, definitely recommend giving it a try! The staff is really helpful and eager to recommend drinks based on your preferences.The website says you can come for a tour, but that's really just a staff member pointing to various parts of the room and explaining the distillery process. Still nice that they're willing to do this!Fun ambience of being in a distillery. I definitely recommend cozying up here on a winter Saturday afternoon before enjoying dinner somewhere yummy on the east side. To be honest, I got a little bored here after 2 drinks, but they were a delicious 2 drinks!  A pity they're not open later as it'd be a fun nighttime spot.
4	LOVE the Old Sugar Distillery for drinks. I love the horchata, or really anything with their honey liqueur. You can also buy bottles of their liqueur, which goes great with anything at home. I feel like it's sort of an underground spot, because most of my friends haven't heard of it, but I have one friend who swears by it. Unfortunately, they close at 10pm (which he says is the best part......how??), so you can't really plan to spend the night here. Though, it is close to some other cool/less-crowded bars, like the Brass Ring.I don't love how dark it is here, even though it's just one block off Washington... sometimes I walk fast from my car if I'm coming alone.
4	As a non-whiskey drinker, I was really impressed by offerings of this tasting room. They have plenty of drinks to impress the usual drinker and fun drinks like the Honey Cap for people like me. There is plenty of seating both inside and out. The interior is simple but comfortable. The outside is a series of picnic tables but it is dog friendly so it was a fun favorite for me during the summer.The people who were there are friendly and knowledgeable. The moment I leave, I start planning my next trip.
5	Tucked away in a more industrial part of the city, there lies a place where great drinks are made and the sound of the main ingredient in those drinks distills in the background. And it is here that you can get a pretty good cocktail for a damn good price as well. And! and! most liquors are available to sample (generously sample) before you choose.Of those offered, the whiskey is definitely top notch. There's very little hint of burn at the end. You could even swish it around and gargle with it. Yep, I said it. Now do it.The rest aren't bad either. Especially the ouzo, which is normally the grossest liquor anyone ever invented, but not here.Also, unlike some so-called "distilleries," they actually distill their own alcohol - quality alcohol.
5	By far my favorite bar in Madison.  The craft cocktails will make it hard to go back to a regular old rum and coke.  Try their Honey Cap, Fall Special, or Chai Toddy (with honey liquor).  The ambiance is great.  Very laid back and chill.  A more mature crowd and a bit hipster.  Seriously the best place in Madison.
5	If you haven't been to 'Old Sugar'...you are missing out! Not only does this place have a cool urban atmosphere, but the spirits are amazing (and I'm not talkin' Halloween). Bonus--- the products used to make them are local... Madison, Wisconsin, baby! We've always been known for our drinks of choice, but now we have additional selections that are of awesome quality and flavor. Even if you don't drink (you must not be local!), stop in for some yummy appetizers, live music, or gifts for friends who do (drink). My brother - in-law drives up from Illinois for the Queen Jenny 's Whiskey.
4	In my current knocked up state, it was hard to visit an alcohol making facility of any kind, but luckily liquor is low on my alcohols I like to drink list. My partner though? He loves him some whiskey, so off we went. We sat at the bar and ordered a flight for him (and later a whiskey sour) and a couple of non-alcoholic drinks for me (the non-alcoholic Honey Cap and the Horchata) I must say, even though I wasn't able to drink any of the liquor, I was able to smell them like a creep and approve of one or two just based on scent alone. My man thought a few were pretty good based on both smell AND taste too, which is obviously a better measure. I'm pretty sure he was impressed by the whiskey, which is hard to do, and he also liked the honey liqueur too. Sorry I can't give my unsolicited opinion on these...I'll get on it in May when I'm womb-passenger free. In alcohol free news though, the mixed drinks they serve here are legit. Both with or without the booze. They use fresh local ingredients in everything and take their time to make sure they are perfectly mixed. Read the menu and watch them work for a couple of minutes and you'll see. If you're knocking them down, you might not approve though, as it takes time for perfection and fresh stuff costs a lot. Point is, drink slow and have patience. It'll be worth it in the end. Or pre/post drink. Either way.Next time I'm in Madison, I'll definitely be stopping in. Especially to try the drinks WITH alcohol this time around.
