1	This doctor is a complete crook. Not only was she late to the appt, she did NOTHING. my primary dr refered me here after an abnormal pap. She looks at me, spends 5 minutes telling me I have nothing to worry about (the primary dr said my cells could be cancerous) then goes on and on about how she's going to a funeral! Talk about unprofessional!!! So I got no pap, nothing but a BILL FOR 100! I wasted my insurance here. I have none left. I don't understand why I had to pay to listen to her talk about going to a funeral. I thought this appt was about my body? DO NOT GO HERE SHES SO UNPROFESSIONAL. THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER OBS IN THE VALLEY WHO ARE MORE ATTENTIVE. CROOKS!!I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!!
5	I absolutely love this doctor!! I think she definitely has one of those personalities where you either love her or you hate her because she's very direct and straight forward but if you can handle the honest truth and someone telling you how it really is, she is worth every second of your time. I switched to her mid pregnancy due to having the worst possible doctor before and I've never been happier with a doctor. I wish I could see her for everything. She is extremely educated and knows her stuff. When it came time to deliver my son I ended up having to get a c section. 5 months later my scar is nearly invisible thanks to Dr Dalley. She made my experience an extremely happy one and if I could have 10 kids just to see her all the time I would!! I look forward to my next pregnancy for my visits with Dr Dalley!
4	Love Her! A friend of mine referred me to her after I had a nightmare experience in the begining of my pregnancy (IVF Twins) with Dr.Tabassi (See other review-horrible doctors office). While most docs refused to take me because I was too far along, Dalley and her staff welcomed me with open arms. She was the only one who performed the ultrasounds and she was the only one in the room ever. I talked directly to her with everything. She always responded quickly to my husbands late night phone calls and text messages when we were freaking out (first time parents). Down to earth and made me feel comfortable, and she also got on me about the stuff I needed to work on (drinking more water etc). Her staff is friendly, love her head nurse (older woman with blonde hair) super sweet and always happy. A positive place overall.I drive all the way across town just to come here :)
