4	Tuesday specials. Two for 99 cents!!!!!! -leg and thigh. Wow...that is a great deal for me. My weekly fix for good fried chicken comes at s bargain. Make sure you do not let it get cold because it tastes the best fresh from the fryer.
1	Worst service I've ever had. Lupe at the drive-thru has to have THEE worst customer service EVER. She didn't repeat the order, she charged my card, AND got it all wrong. She even felt the need to be rude and have an attitude about it.  Learn some manners and BASIC service skills Lupe.
5	Chicken was fresh, hot & spicy.  Red beans & rice and mashed potatoes with Cajun gravy are great.  I ordered the crawfish box with horseradish sauce - very good! Drive thru service was fast, efficient & polite.  I wasn't missing anything.  Always a good experience when I come here.
1	I was away from my neighborhood helping a friend move but wanted for dinner what my family eats EVERY Tuesday. So while in North Las Vegas my friend directed me here. I went through the drive thru and ask for "Two specials, mild and a pie, and I want that same order twice." The cashier says back to me, "You will have to pay for them both together."  I responded that I understood and let him know that I didn't mean separate orders but  that I was saying it like that because my child an I will be eating in the car and I wanted us each to have our own individually wrapped order.  (Its easier to just give her a bag than to hand her some pieces while I'm driving) I added 1/2 dozen biscuits and a corn on the cob to my order and asked for lots of "grape jelly, hot sauce and butter." My friend says after I completed my order that we can eat at her house.  So we drove back to her house and opened the bag to find ONLY two 2 piece orders! Also the two apple pies had been smashed open under the weight of the chicken packked into the small handle bag that my order was given to us in. I was upset at myself because I thought that maybe I wasn't clear when I ordered.  I just decided to eat and go ahead and get home. I kid you NOT today I'm doing laundry I take out the change and reciept from my jeans I had on that day and guess WTF they did charge me for 4 two piece specials!! I had to research the phone number since it is not on my receipt, but I've tried calling the store to say what happened and no one will answer the phone. I live near Henderson its not like I'm going to drive to NLV to talk! I asked  a friend if I should care anymore, you know I asked if he thought I was being dramatic over $2.58 worth of chicken and he said "yes." But, the more I think about it the madder I get because if I walked into Popeye's packed up food and just walked out the door with 4 pieces of chicken they would call the police and pursue me no matter how far!
4	Staff very pleasant. Greeted you when you entered. Restaurant was clean. The cashier was very courteous and helpful. Ordered was quickly filled. Food was hot. Team members worked in unison. Definitely would go back! And the staff thanked you for coming in when they handed you the order.
5	My husband came down sick during our vacation, so after spending half our day going to dr and getting meds we were hungry. Drove by saw sign had to stop. It's my husbands favorite chicken. The restaurant was very clean and service was good and so was the food nice and hot. Also the mustard sauce helped unplug my husband left feeling better.
