4	After a botched pedicure at another place, I swung by hoping to get my nails touched up before a wedding the next morning. Two of my friend's got their eyebrows waxed and one of the ladies graciously touched me up with no charge. It's a little ways from my place, but I will def. give them a visit if I 'm in need of some pampering and I'm in the area.
4	The best nail salon I have ever been to!  There was no wait and all of the staff were very friendly  They were easy to understand which can honestly be difficult at times when you visit a nail salon.  The nail technician did my nails just how I wanted them and didn't try to charge me, "5 dollar extra" for everything.  She listened to what I wanted and did it for me.  My nails were drying a little bit after 7pm (their closing time on weekdays) and they didn't rush me out.My only complaint is that the salon looked a bit outdated and could use some visual updates and a UV light to dry my nails under so they I didn't have to sit in front of a little fan the whole time.
3	Got a manicure and pedicure. They did a great job on the manicure and pedicure...not so much on the massege part...which is my fav.  the guy(didnt get a name) was very friendly...and same with the rest of the staff.  For the pricing its a couple dollars more then my normal place i go to but the location and the total out come was worth it.
4	I will definitely go back here! The prices are a bit higher than the other nail places around this area, but overall a good experience. My massage chair was broken:( but these things do happen. I had a great pedi and they totally up-sold me on callus removal. Not sure if I really needed it but I think I might do it again once summer is over. The staff is friendly and the place is CLEAN! Also the hours are great! They seem to be open most holidays and the place is always packed.
4	I stumbled on this place a few months ago when I wanted to treat myself. LOVE IT. I get a mani/pedi for $30! Pedicure includes hot stone massage, warm lotion and a great leg massage. I've gone here a few times, never with an appointment and they always take me and get me to a massage chair to start my pedicure. The only thing that surprised me was when my boyfriend asked for the paraffin on his hands, the girl brought out 2 plastic bags with warm wax in them and told him to slip his hands in while she tied them around his wrists. Seemed a little tacky but the result was smoother skin. I'm going back there this Friday again to prepare for sandal season.
4	I used to come here for manicures and pedicures with my sister a lot while I was in college. The staff is very nice and have a great sense of humor too! Recently a friend and I decided to take our BFs out for a surprise pedicure. Neither of them had ever had one before so it was their first experience. The pedicure included the usually cuticle clean up and nail shaping plus a pumice scrub, the longest calve and foot massage ever, a hot stone massage and nail polish for the ladies. This is the only place I've been to out here in AZ that has an affordable pedicure with the stone massage, it was only $20. I like that they have massage chairs and a big TV. The staff even talked sports with the boys which was hilarious because usually nail salon staff barely speaks English!  They need to upgrade the decor but I will definitely return!
5	Excellent! Went here for a last minute nail appointment with Mai and was very happy! Everyone there was very nice. Most the customers were regulars which says a lot about the quality. I would definitely go again. :-)
5	Today was my 2nd time coming to the shop...on my first visit a couple weeks ago, I had a set of acrylic French tip nails put on and today's visit was to get a fill done on them to make them look great again. Danny is the name of the guy who did my set on the first visit and he did a really good job. He made me laugh the entire time I was there, telling me all sorts of funny stories and experiences he's had. He makes the client feel comfortable and at ease. Today, I had one of the girls doing my fills since Danny was busy with a client. This girl did a fantastic job and really took her time doing each finger, making sure she didn't miss anything along the way or leave junk on my nails. She filed them just right and made them look even better than when Danny did them on my first visit!The people in this salon are so friendly and treat everyone like family when they come through the door. Always smiling and happy! I didn't have to wait long at all on either of these visits and I had great customer service. I will gladly recommend their services to anyone I know in need of a good nail salon!
5	Getting my nails done is the one luxury I'm pretty consistent with and I've gone to a LOT of the nail salons in the valley. Besides the fact that Nail Lacquer is just moments from my house, I feel like I always leave there satisfied (and I can be picky about my nails!!) All of the nail techs take their time and ensure that you leave happy. They also just got a TON of new gel colors in which is great because I like to switch it up AND they are always down to try new designs and trends. Hot stones and a 10 minute  massage are standard for their classic pedicures. Solid.Weekdays are the best times to go because it can get busy on the weekends. I always try and call ahead before I go and that seems to help. Wendy, Sasha, Danny, the new owner (goodness I forget her name), and just about everyone else... -  they are all great!
4	Was in major need of a manicure while on vacation. Found this salon through Yelp and decided to check it out. Got a basic manicure and eyebrow wax. They tech did a great job on my wax. She seemed to rush through the manicure and some places on my nail edges were missed. Not the end of the world but she could have put a little more effort into her job. Went back with my friend a couple days later for a pedicure. I loved it. I did not expect to get a hot stone leg massage and get massaged for as long as I did. In NY they usually charge extra for that. Very relaxing experience. Huge color selection and the staff is really friendly. My friend got her eyebrows done today as well and she really liked it. When I am in town Id give this place another try.
5	I can't say enough how great this salon is.  Wendy, Danny and the rest of the staff are excellent. Their work is detailed, quick, and beautiful. I let all my friends know what a gem this place is. Both my mom and I come here for our mani/pedis. The staff is always friendly and will get to know you if you become a repeat customer. The were so kind while I was in law school, studying for the bar, and during the job search process after. The prices are very reasonable and they have a huge selection of gel colors. This is my go to salon, I drive 30 minute from where I live in central Phoenix because I love this place so much.
4	First time here today, for a half leg wax.  The results were good, still some stray hairs though.  My daughter got her toes done by a wonderfully patient and friendly woman named Anne.  I will be coming here again for something other than a leg wax. Customer service is great.
4	Stopped in while kids were at piano because I desperately needed a manicure. I opted for gel because I just don't have time to get weekly manicures. I have to say, this is the best gel manicure I've ever had. No bumps or bubbles. Color applied evenly and smooth. Perfect manicure. Customer service I thought could be better. Not very warm or particularly friendly. And I didn't like the smell of the lotion they used. But I'll still come back because the quality is excellent for the price.
