1	I would give them ZERO stars if they let me.  Horrible company and the worst "customer service" I have ever received.  They had a crew of 4 people just blow stuff around my yard, and often over the fence into my neighbors yard for about 8 minutes and then they left.  They trampled my outdoor lighting beyond recognition and blew dirt into my pool.  When I called to complain, I was told there was no way these things were happening.  I then told them I wanted to cancel, and not to bother to show up next month for my "service" because I will not be paying them another penny.  I was told I had to provide 30 days notice, which was ridiculous because I was canceling for damage and negligence.  They have now sent me to collections and I intend to get an attorney to prevent these ripoff artists from doing this to other customers like myself.
1	AWFUL! STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE, they service a yard in my neighborhood and told me they do not landscape in my zipcode but only service north scottsdale and north phx.
1	I have never encountered a less professional company. We hired them about three months ago and over the past 3 months they have gradually destroyed our lawn. They do not return phone calls and have not delievered on what was promised. When you finally do get them on the phone they are very rude and ignore your complaints. They do not even understand the basics of setting a sprinkler system to run at the appropriate time. They trim trees back so far that you are are basically just left with branches. Even though they have been instructed not to do this. Avoid them at all costs!!!!
1	I have used this company for a few years, and I have finally had enough.  They trimmed a perfectly squared off large oleander into a mushroom shape (very ugly) and tried to say that I wanted it that way.  They rake the red lava rock and the white rock, which are separated by brick trimming, into each other so it looks sloppy and is too difficult to separate again.  They snap at you on the phone if you call with a question or need something corrected.  They break sprinkler parts with their equipment and don't let you know so the water leaks for a while before you are aware.  Final straw, I recently adopted two puppies and specifically asked them NOT to prop the gate open.  The very next time they came, they propped the gate open. . . . No communication at all!  Stay away!!   They get only one star from me, and that one is because they pretty much always came on schedule. . . (I think. . . I wasn't always home.)By the way, they require a contract.  The contract states that you must provide 30 days written notice to cancel.  If you want them to stop immediately because there is an issue (my puppies might get out because they can't remember to close the gate, for example), they will NOT do that.  They want that final months payment so badly that they will ignore your calls or emails so they don't have to discuss it with you.  Very, very sad.  And according to a prior review, I will get sent to collections if I refuse to pay the final month due to neglect or poor service.
1	I hired Sunny AZ Landscape in May of this year.  When I hired them my lawn was green and growing.  Within 2 months my entire lawn was did.  I was home from work one day and noticed that they had changed my sprinkler times from 7:00 PM  to 3:00 PM.  Running sprinklers in the middle of the afternoon in Arizona is a quick recipe to kill your grass.  I called to complain and the woman I spoke to was extremely rude and told me I was wrong.  Not wanting to argue I changed my sprinkler settings and requested them to not be changed again.  The next week they were changed back to 3:00 PM and the company broke one of my sprinkler heads that day.  I immediatley called to cancel and was unable to because they have a 30 day cancellation policy.  I still stopped service immediatley and just paid the last 30 days with no service being done.  While cancelling the woman was very rude, did not return phone calls and when I explained I didn't think it was fair that I continue to pay for the service when they are ruining my lawn she simply stated "that's fine we will just send you to collections."  It was a terrible experience and I would strongly suggest looking elsewhere.
