5	The Great Impasta has some extremely rich and luscious food. The restaurant itself is lovely and perfect for bringing a date or out of town guests. Paintings and candles accent a ceiling painted with grapevines. The food I had was amazing- the salads nicely seasoned, the olive oil of the highest quality, the ravioli gorgonzola rich and creamy, and the blueberry carrot cake moist and divine. I can attest to some of their ingredients because many of them are local and from farms I know- try the Prairie Fruit Farms goat cheese tart for a real treat if it is available. The chef tries hard to incorporate lots of ingredients from local farms. To make the experience perfect, the service I had was absolutely wonderful. Highly recommended.
4	When our green side salad came out of the kitchen, my dining partner said "well, this is already enough better than biaggi's that we'll never be going back there."  The greens were great, with perfect little red roma tomatoes and red onion; such nice greens that it would have been ok even without dressing.    I got a ginormous portion of pasta that I couldn't even eat half of even though it was completely delicious.Our waiter didn't pester us at all, but we always had everything we needed.  Second basket of bread, full water glasses, suggestions about drinks.  Even the clientele was less offensive than average.  When we walked out of the restaurant, I said "We were just in there for like an hour and nothing annoying happened the entire time!"  That is extremely rare on our friday nights in downtown CU.
4	Whenever I visit Champaign my family wants to go out for lunch and we usually end up here. It's honestly pretty good. The service is attentive without being obnoxious. I love the pasta salad nicoise and the last time I went there I tried the bacon chicken alla diavolo which was spicy and delicious. The fresh, hot bread is always good. I've never been upset with this place but I've also never been blown-out-of-the-water impressed either, but maybe I just have high standards ;)
4	Absolutely the best place in town for pasta - you can tell it's fresh. The service is attentive but not obnoxious, and the bread is always great. The menu's reasonably priced, and there are some really delicious things on there. The cheese ravioli is incredibly rich, and the linguine with asparagus and mushrooms is nice and fresh-tasting.My only problems: the lighting can be pretty dim, depending on where you sit. I like to be able to *see* my food. I've also gotten dishes where the vegetables were just grilled to charcoal, which is really not tasty.
4	The Great Impasta is fantastic.  The menu changes often enough to stay interesting, but no so often that your favorites are gone before you're ready to move on to something else.The service is good, prices high but appropriate for the quality of the food.They sold the building to a bank awhile ago, and I think they're closing by the end of this year.  Hopefully, the owner will realize what a gem this place is and reopen quickly in a new location.
4	I heard that this restaurant is closing soon. So my coworkers and I went to try it out. Their lunch menu has excellent selections. You can either go with their entrees or there's an option to choose 2 or 3 of their entrees in a single dish. The service is exceptional as well. Definitely one of Champaign's best.
5	My new grad student friend, Liz, and I were confused and hungry on a Saturday evening.  We decided to embrace a restaurant with a ridiculous, punny title, and a cartoon picture of a man with a wonky, paintbrush mustache.  Great decision.The Great Impasta is a half block east of Neil Street in downtown Champaign and despite teh fact that their outside tables were covered in construction worker dust, the staff was friendly and self-effacing enough to jokingly clean them off for us so we could enjoy the balmy Saturday evening (on nights like these, if I close my eyes, I can pretend I'm back home in San Diego, sigh).The stuffed mushrooms were good, although not the highest quality, but the bartender was ON POINT.  I asked him on a whim to make me something "silly and dangerous, with a hint of vanilla" (because i'm an ass and I can ask things like this.  Don't try it at home).He came back with a mix of kahlua, grand marnier, vanilla vodka, bailey's, and a chocolate liquor.  He then apologized for putting a bit more vodka than he planned, but it was fantastical.  We named it a "Cow of Color," since brown cow sounded too...cliche.Our server, Lara, was funny, outgoing, friendly and helpful with charm and a great attitude.  She helped us choose some delicious pasta dishes that weren't too heavy and just flavorful enough, and I admit I went for a cream/chicken dish.  Whatevs.  I'll run tomorrow while hating my new waist size.More important, however, was the slightly hilarious decor provided by one of the staff, who paints pictures, including watercolors of her fellow employees.  Imagine our surprise when Liz and I saw the busboy's painted visage staring prominently at us from a main wall.  It was more fun to pretend to be interested in buying the painting just to make him uncomfortable.The Great Impasta lost their lease on that corner so they're only in business on Church Street until December 31.  Then the spot becomes a bank (WTF), while they hunt for a new location.  Go while you can.  The food is good, the bartenders amenable, the staff fantastic.  Go now.  Log off the damn computer, hop a flight if you have to.  I'll even pick you up from Willard airport if I have to.  I have a feeling Champaign will be missing something when our large mustachioed friend is gone.
5	aw im sad. so many places in champaign -urbana are closing down and i really wanted the great impasta not to be among them.  i'm pretty sure that it would have become a staple special occasion place for the entirety of my very long graduate school education here.the wait staff is marvelously friendly here, to the point that they were able to handle the quirky banter that comes free with a night with my friends. they joined in and kept up!  that night they tried out a new recipe for beef stroganoff which didn't suit my friend nicolle so well.  but she was trying to be nice and said it was fine, until it wasn't.  the waiter was, of course, super wonderful about changing out her order but joined in our chastisement of her much to all of our amusement.and the food is solid, save the strogonoff. i had the eggplant napoleon and it was deeelish! don't leave impasta, i love you.
4	Do not despair - The Great Impasta is alive and well and was just relocated to:156 C Lincoln SquareUrbana, Illinois **Same phone number.  It is on the north east corner of Lincoln Square near the federal court house.  Also very close to the new Urbana location of the Food Co-Op.The space is smaller but the food is just as good as ever. The menu is simpler but most of the favorites are still on it and evidently a few older favorites have been brought back.   Harold, the owner, said he is still developing a new menu for the new place so it will be revised and expanded. He also said they will be open for breakfast on Saturday mornings when the Farmer's Market is running.  They will sell bread and pasta at the market. There is still a full service bar.We have eaten in the new location three times so far and like the fact that some of the decor has been carried over from the old location.  The place was either full or pretty full each time we went.  We did not have to wait for a table but we saw a few people wait 5-10 minutes. We were there once on a Wednesday night and Donnie Heitler was playing his keyboard just like he did at the old place. I could hear him better due to the smaller space.  I'd guess the new space seats about 75-80 people. The Minestrone (MARCOSTRONE) soup is still good. So was the spaghetti carbonara.  I had never had that previously and found it was like a breakfast pasta dish - with bacon!!  We also had that night Mardis Gras Pasta which was also a winner. We also had a pesto pasta dish which was good. The wait staff have smaller (sq feet) areas to cover in this new location so I felt like they were in closer contact - a good thing in general in a restaurant.** This is the old Milo's location.  Milo's has moved to their new digs in SE Urbana just off the intersection of Windsor Road & Philo Road.I have been eating at the Great Impasta for a lot of years and the owner is a friend.  But I am not just hyping the place - I just wanted folks to know it is open in a new location with many of the old staff and the food is still good.
1	I used to LOVE the Great Impasta.  It was my restaurant of choice.  If there was a night out to be had, it started here!However, as time went on, the food quality slowly started to slip.  They stopped warming the bread before bringing it to the table.  The service started getting harder to find.  Then, during my last two visits, the food came out luke warm at best.I loved this place in the beginning, but sadly had to say farewell.  I was sorry to see the larger location close, and even sorrier to find the new location still leaves much to be desired.
1	Update: 6/20.I thought I'd give the impasta another try.  We had a guest from out of town, and thought we'd go out rather than spend the night in the kitchen.As we went to our seats, we noticed an overabundance of drinking, and little eating.  As we scooted into our booth, the ladies next to us had to bowls of pasta that, for lack of a better description, looked dead.  They were lifeless, unappealing and bland.So, we sat, looked over the menu, talked about drinks and wine, and sat.Twenty minutes later, we decide to get up, even though several people had looked our way.  No bread, no water, no hello, nothing.As we left, we were stopped.  However, too little, too late.  We won't be back.
1	I have been there for lunch. I used to be a happy customer of the restaurant, in the old Champaign location. They used to have good, homey, tasty food. Nothing of that is left, the memories barely. My girlfriend tried a vegetable salad with tuna [not a tuna salad], as per the description. Of course, we expected a small piece of freshly cooked tuna. Instead, a couple of vegetables of debatable quality, topped with small pieces of fishy-smelling (MORE than fish is supposed to smell fishy anyway) disgusting tuna TAKEN FROM A CAN. Excuse me, a salad of EXPENSIVE RESTAURANT quality is not supposed to use 20 cents-worth ingredients. My main dish was an EXPENSIVE seafood lasagna which, again, was one of the most execrable pieces of culinary garbage I've ever eaten in the wonderful Urbana-Champaign. Gee, an honest sandwich from Jimmy Johns is many degrees of magnitude better and healthier. The Great Impasta masterpiece was extremely salty, with cheap, salty - did I mention salty? - ingredients (again, small, cheap shrimps FROM A CAN), heavy on the cheap shrimp, with little of the other seafood spelled out in the menu detectable in the real dish. A heavy, unsavory, poorly cooked bechamel sauce that made me feel uneasy for the rest of the day. I don't consider myself an excellent cook, but I cook better than that, drunk. I was brave and I ate part of my dish, because I was hungry. My stomach didn't thank me. My friend barely touched her salad, and returned it uneaten. The staff behaved as if nothing was wrong. A lot of money for food which is literally worse than the worst fast food I've ever eaten. Our stomachs were suffering... if you go to The Great Impasta make sure you've got stellar health insurance, you might need it. When it comes to restaurant food, the rapport between high prices and execrable quality makes The Rotten Impasta a champion of bad taste, in more than one sense.  Bottom line: avoid like the plague.
1	We're new to Champaign-Urbana and decided to try The Great Impasta after reading that it serves fresh/homemade pasta. My husband and I went with our families who were helping us move in. When we arrived, we were promptly seated at our reserved table. I should have realized than an almost empty restaurant on a Saturday night is never a good thing. I picked up my bread plate to move it and saw a squashed tomato underneath.  We then proceeded to wait at least 20 minutes to even be served water or asked for our drink order. When we finally got around to order, we had to listen to a pretentious and inattentive server. When my  mother-in-law (not a foodie) asked for her tuna medium well, the server told her that it's only good if served rare and it was a crime to serve medium-well, which was very rude. I agree a tuna steak should be seared and gets dried out and flavorless past medium-rare- but- there are better ways to approach the situation. Perhaps suggest that the chef likes to prepare it medium rare, but we have a nice salmon that you may enjoy more. The menu indicated that the Fettuccine Alfredo sauce had egg in it (which is not authentic Alfredo) and I asked if the chef could leave out the egg because I was pregnant and unable to have eggs that were not fully cooked (Hollandaise and Bernaise  sauce, Caesar dressing, and homemade ice cream are also on the forbidden list for the same reason). A halfway decent chef should be able to do this with their eyes closed- especially since Alfredo is traditionally only butter and Parmegiano-Reggiano or Parm-Butter-Heavy Cream.  The waiter would not even go back and ask the chef about this- he simply refused (and this was for health purposes- not taste preference- I am visibly 7 months pregnant), again, rudely. We then inquired about the ravioli, which it turns out, is not made fresh, and the pasta with clam sauce- which is made with canned clams- not fresh ones. How was the food we actually ordered? Bad. I ordered a fettuccine with chicken and what was supposed to be a bacon/cream/white wine sauce. It was so bland, no amount of salt or grated cheese could salvage the dish. No hint of bacon or wine or any aromatics like garlic or shallot. The "fresh fettuccine", which should be thin and light, was so thick and dense- I would rather eat dried Barilla fettuccine or the refrigerated Buitoini stuff from the supermarket.  My husband ordered pasta with a red sauce that resembled Prego- it was so sweet and pasty. My mother ordered the salmon, which came rare. She prefers her salmon medium/medium-well and asked the server to please bring it back to the kitchen and cook further. He told  her "it's supposed to be that way." A good server would have said, I'm sorry, I will take care of this right away- and done it- NOT argued with the customer. You couldn't pay me to go back. I've had better meals at the Olive Garden- and that isn't saying much.
2	I had the chance to eat here over Dad's Weekend this past fall.  The food was overpriced for the level of quality.  The restaurant was very loud, and my party was seated right next to the kitchen. To make matters worse, the lighting in place feels like stage spotlights.I miss the old downtown Champaign location.  The Urbana restaurant lacks the charm and coziness that the Great Impasta once had.
2	Update - finally went to the new Lincoln Square Mall location. The decor is just awful, which is sad considering how nice the old place was. Cramped seating, depressing track lighting, drop ceilings, weird art right behind your seats so you keep bumping into it. They were out of the first two things I ordered (one was a special, so fine, but out of a basic bread-based app?)Pasta took forever to come out, and my friend's was so cold that the cream sauce had congealed. Sigh.
1	I went for lunch here in December and was rather impressed by the food and service. I recommended the place to my friends and we went there for dinner yesterday. To my dismay, the food was bad enough that I feel compelled to write this review.My friend and I had the saffron risotto and it was horrible. It wasn't creamy, in fact, it was soupy and bland. The risotto itself was underwhelming, with more green peas in it than actual rice grains. The shrimp was overcooked and tough. Worse, I couldn't even taste a hint of saffron. Needless to say we were not impressed.Another friend had the mushroom and asparagus linguine with prosciutto. The pasta was of an unappetizing soft texture and the dish was overly greasy. The prosciutto tasted more like salted pork.Their only redeeming feature was the crab cake appetizer.I don't think I could recommend this place to anyone after what they served  us for dinner yesterday. Definitely not worth the price - would have rather gone to Cafe Luna or Bacarro.
5	Although my party of three arrived a short 10 minutes before closing time, The Great Impasta took us in and allowed us to enjoy their freshly-prepared hot pasta, savory crab cakes, wine, and mouth-watering flourless chocolate cake. I was so pleased to see they welcomed us despite of the time constrain and deserve kudos for such friendliness and flexibility.
3	I hsd lunch there a few weeks ago which was wonderful, so I decided for my husband and I to try dinner. Although the service was great, the food was just ok. My husband's salad was lacking any zing (dressing was bland) and my entree had little flavor except for the red pepper flakes which dominated it. I would go back, but get one of their good salads instead.
4	I love small, independent restaurants and recently had the pleasure of visiting The Great Impasta with a gaggle of gal friends on a Saturday evening. The place was busy, filled with couples and families and groups of friends like ours. We received excellent suggestions from our waitress, and enjoyed yummy food (hand made fresh noodles!) wine, and terrific service.When I'm in town, I rarely think to head over to Urbana for dinner, but the Great Impasta was so memorable I won't be so forgetful in the future.For real, non-chain Italian food at a reasonable price, the Great Impasta is a C-U original.
1	Slowest service I've ever had in my life. Took 20 minute for a waitress to come to our table. It wasn't even a waitress... The hostess was the one who helped us. Took 45 minutes to get our food after we ordered. Spent 2 hours in the place... Wasn't even crowded. Food was good that is about it.  We asked for a discount and what did we get... 10%. We saved 2 dollars after spending 2 hours of our time there.  Was awesome to be sitting next to the mom who had a shirt that said I run so I don't kill people as she made her kid cry by force feeding him broccoli at 10pm.
3	Had dinner there. My friend ordered a daily special which contained salmon. The salmon tasted very good - cooked just enough. I had a chicken pasta. It was okay. I spent more than twenty dollar in total for my meal. Not worth that price though.
5	Real traditional options. Food was amazing and service was exceptional. Original commitment to quality is key to success.
4	Really loved their Microstrone soup and their iced tea is pretty amazing!! They were out of a lot of stuff on their menu but it was everything I hoped for in the end.
