2	The worst thing about coming to Fort Mill is this McDonald's.  First, it looks like it was built out of spare parts from a torn down warehouse.  I've never seen a McDonald's with white vinyl siding, but there's a first time for everything.The service is awful.  One time I went through the drive thru for a cup of coffee and they somehow managed to screw that up.  You might ask "how do you mess up a cup of coffee?"  The answer is to put five sugars in it instead of three, even though I didn't ask for that many.  I don't care if you think it tastes better that way (which is what she told me when I questioned her on it).  That's not how I ordered it.I gave them an extra star because of how terrible their customers must be their employees.  They probably get yelled at all day by angry people and it's remarkable that they still choose to come to work.
1	Two words.  Dirty and nasty. Better off driving 3 miles to the Steele creek McDonalds!
2	Standard McDonald's with a Playplace, TV's and free WiFi. The parking lot is a bit weird to access. The shift manager who took my order was pleasant and quick. The restaurant was clean and the self-service area was stocked properly. I didn't check the bathrooms.
4	To all those who would score down a McDonalds because they serve McDonalds food, let's be fair-you're the one who decided to eat there. The food is consistent with what you'd expect, the drive-thru is pretty quick, and the customer facing staff is as friendly as you could ask minimum wage employees to be. Cons: drive-thru pattern and driveway access only from the rear makes access more difficult than it needs to be, the PlayLand could also be protected better from the elements. I don't think there is any way an adult can make it to the top to clean it properly, either.
1	Slow, dirty, out of the "wrap" for the wraps, kids running wild all over and have been waiting 15 mins for my food. I will never come back. I don't expect high quality food, but there are much better locations elsewhere.
1	I sorry but when you serve my child apples that are two days past The expiration date you get one stars, it should be none. I noticed half thur her eating them. Then when I write in I get some generic email about sorry we didn't meet your expectations.  No you didn't meet the health departments expectation or mine. Beware!
1	I come (or should I say USED to come) to this particular McDonalds about once every three months for three years because of the convenience of the location. It's hard to screw up fast food to this level, especially for a huge, international company where you have low expectations to begin with. This particular store sets the bar to a new low. I will never be back. The staff teams are consistently rude or passive, the food is thrown together sloppily, and the place is almost always a mess. Things like a drive thru that always takes longer than most, the trash cans inside are usually full,  and the best indicator of bad management - the bathroom is disgusting. I'll keep on driving to a another one next time as I am sure it can't be worse than this one at the corner of Gold Hill Rd and SC hwy 160.
