5	I had a great experience with Todd from Scottsdale Lockout.  His company specializes in locksmith services and auto-related mobile services like battery replacement, gas delivery, flat bed tow, etc.When I called Todd, he answered promptly, was very well spoken, and agreed to come out quickly.  He even offered to knock $10 off his normal price since things were slow and he wanted to help my right away.Todd did a great job swapping out the battery in my Miata.  I had purchased a specialized replacement and needed someone who would come out to do it.  Todd was prompt, had all the necessary tools, was very quick, and overall very nice to deal with.I strongly recommend Todd for lockout or battery services.  If you don't have AAA and need help like this, he's a good choice.  His prices are clearly posted on his web site and he also offers a free expedited pet release program if you accidentally locked your pet in the car - a wonderful service.He seems to specialize in Scottsdale but his site indicates he covers much of the Valley.
5	Todd was awesome!  He returned our call promptly, and came to our house quickly.  He replaced our Toyota Rav4 with a new battery and the battery indicator light didn't go out.  (We had to take it to Toyota and found out that our alternator also needed to be replaced.)  Todd called the day after he replaced the battery because he was concerned that the light hadn't gone out and wanted to make sure everything was OK.  He went above and beyond to make sure we were happy.  Thanks, Todd!
5	Gave Todd a call yesterday, since he had previously changed out a battery in my Ford Fusion in December of 2011 & he did such a fantastic job then, plus, looking at my receipt from that previous battery, I found that my current battery was still under warranty being this is October. He asked me what symptoms the car was displaying so we could definitely pinpoint if it was the battery having the issues or anything else. Todd called me right at 8:00 and said he was just up the street and I was already outside watching for him to arrive.Within minutes, he was here and swapped out the bad battery with a new one. He tightened up the battery portal connections and once he was finished, he had me start the car to test out the new battery. He then had me shut it off and re-start it. The new battery started right up each time without fail and no more blinking dashboard lights, sluggish start sounds, or clicks. Success! The battery was indeed under warranty and I was covered. He did a fantastic job once again and I will definitely recommend him to anyone I know in need of a battery and doesn't have AAA service. He is also a lockout specialist so if you lock your keys, pets, or whatever other valuables in the car and you can't get back in, give Todd a call and he will gladly come help you out!Thank you so much Todd...you're the best!
