5	Guy answers the phone  and after he knew he couldn't provide me with the part, he tells me how to order the part from another party.   Then he spends about five minutes explaining how to install the part and other things with spring tightening so that the part will last.   These guys are honest and helpful.   If you live in the Mesa area do business with them!   They're great!
5	We had a great experience with Mastercraft after a spring broke on our garage door.  Initially, we called another company for an estimate, and the experience was awful. We called Mastercraft next.  From the phone call to the completion of the repair, we were impressed.  Pros:1. Free Service call - no hidden fees (the other guys charge a hefty fee and forget to tell you until they get out to your house).2. Quote over the phone (the other guys wouldn't).3. Arrived ten minutes early! 4. Job was completed in a timely fashion and they left our garage cleaner than they found it.5. Charged $200 less than their competitor with a longer warranty.Pretty rad way to do business.  Thanks!
5	I had my garage door bottom seal replaced by Mastercraft. Stewart was very professional and they beat the other guys by about 20 dollars. He even lubed my opener for free. I now have a garage door guy in my contact list. Thanks!
5	Broken spring. Read Trish's review for OTHER place, called Mastercraft instead. Polite. Came next day at 8am, early! Gave quote over phone and  NO FEEs or hidden charges. STUART was very cool and explained everything I need to know to maintain my door.Quick, Inexpensive service and no Bullsh*t.  I will use them again.This place is the NICKELBACK of Garage door services:)
4	I found Mastercraft on Yelp. Our garage door opener was broken. I had Mastercraft and 2 other companies come out to give me a quote.   When I had the opener repaired a few months ago, I was told that we need a new garage. So, I wanted another opinion.  Stewart from Mastercraft came to give us a quote, he was very knowledgeable. His opinion was that our garage door was fine and it hold up, with the new opener. We made an appt. for the opener to be  replaced for the following Thursday at 10am... Thursday came and at 10:30 I called to find out where the tech was. I was told he was held up on another job. This is understandable,but I do expect a phone call telling me that.  (This is the reason I didn't give 5 stars) Aaron was the tech, he did a get job... The opener works great. I'm very happy with the job they did. I will recommend them
5	I needed Mastercrafts services for the second time this month, My garage door spring broke this morning. I called Stewart at 7:20am, he promptly returned my call. He was there by 9.....  finished by 9:30.... Thanks for the quick service!!!
5	After blowing an entire morning waiting for a no show from A1, I called Mastercraft.  I was quoted a fixed price for spring repair ($165 plus tax), with a 10-year warranty.  The service technician arrived early (after calling to ensure that would be OK) and did a fine job replacing my springs.  I recommend Mastercraft.
5	I recommend these guys. Called them after searching Yelp for a company to repair the garage door on a rental we own. Response time was quick, within an hour or two and they had the door opener repaired in no time for a decent price. I will be using them for any other garage door needs that I have in the future..
5	I first called A1, since they were the first of highest rated repairers in my area. So not impressed! They were very pushy and acted like it was odd to want a general guesstimate of cost for the repair. Called MasterCraft next, and what a difference! Gave me an estimate immediately, answered the few questions I had, and got me scheduled for the next day. Technician called ahead and let me know he was running early(40 min) and made sure it was ok to arrive before scheduled time. Jonathan did a great job swapping out the broken springs in only about 40 min, and even entertained my 3 yr old son :) As the other reviewers stated, they were quick, no hidden costs, and no bullcrap. Highly recommend MasterCraft!
5	Great job, they said they would be there between 4:30 and 5:00 and at 4:30 they were there. It took about 30 minutes to replace both springs and adjust the door. Did not try and sell me up an graded service, that was nice.  I would use them again.
5	QUICK, professional--above and beyond.  Thank you!
5	Top level service!  MasterCraft gets 5 stars for good reason.  Received a prompt return call and they re-worked their schedule to come out to my place over Thanksgiving weekend.  Nick was at my door w/in 4hrs of my call.  He was professional and personable.  He explained what work needed to be done, suggested--did not try to force a sale--a few other things to improve the function of longevity of my door.  Broken spring and rollers replaced and back to working order in about an hour.  Very pleased with attentive service, especially over the holiday weekend.
5	I called on Thursday about my garage door not working well and Stuart was here today Friday.  I felt that he was honest and knew his stuff. I thought I needed new rollers but he said I didn't and did a maintenance on the garage door and it is now like brand new. I highly recommend MasterCraft and will use again. Very reasonable.... Thanks Stuart.. Companies like this makes me believe again in what customer service should always be like
5	I needed a same day tension spring repair. They sent me Correy who worked quickly and efficiently to have my garage door working on time for me to get my car out and go to work. I will be recommending them to everyone I meet even if their door works fine for now.
5	Korey was able to come out the same day but unfortunately I wasn't available.  He came out the following day and was able to take care of my issue.Korey was courteous and professional.  I will definitely recommend MasterCraft to others and will do business with them in the future.
5	My garage door had broken off the tracks, and was hanging directly over my daughter in law's car.  I knew no one to call, so I googled and read MasterCraft's reviews, and called. Nigel was so wonderful and understood my concern to get someone out there right away. Even though they were booked that day, he found someone to go to my home  late that night .  Jonathon, the tech, was there for several hours just  to secure the house for me.  Because of the extensive damage to the door panels, I needed a new door. Jonathon, also installed the door, and did an fabulous job.  He is amazing, so kind and patient.  MasterCraft goes up and beyond all expectations in customer service and performance.  You can't go wrong when you call MasterCraft!
5	We've had Korey out to our new home three times in the past few months.  A more dedicated, friendly, professional, courteous person does not exist.  He explains everything in an easy-to-understand manner, never pushes to sell unwanted or unneeded items, listens to your concerns and questions and does the job right the first time.  We will use MasterCraft for all our garage door needs.
5	I guess I'm not the only fan of Korey!  My garage door spring broke last week.  I found these guys on Yelp and I'm glad I did.  I called and told them what I needed and they gave me a quote right over the phone.  They scheduled a 1-hour time block for the technician to arrive on the next business day.  My technician was Kory.  He arrived on time, repaired the spring AND added a second spring at no additional charge (we have a double garage and I guess builders will sometimes install only 1 spring instead of 2 in order to save a few bucks).  I just have to say THAT is impressive.  Kory also lubed the track and adjusted the alignment at no extra charge and without being asked.  The door works better now than it has since I can remember.  I am really impressed with this company.  I love that they are HONEST, and really went above and beyond my expectations!
5	My garage door had slipped off the tracks the night before and Mastercraft showed up an hour after I called them at 7:30 the following morning. They serviced it fast and the cost was reasonable.  The price was lower than most home maintenance calls. The technician was helpful and shared with me preventative maintenance tips. I highly recommend them.
5	On a Saturday, our garage door started to grind and would not open. We called MasterCraft and they said it sounded like the gears were stripped.  They also informed me the iDrives are not made anymore and that you can't get parts. I was told a technician could come out and inspect the door at no charge, so before saying yes, I asked for the best case (adjustment only) and worst case (full replacement) quote. The quote seemed fair so I requested the inspection.  A technician, John, arrived within an 1 hour of the call. John quickly determined the Wayne Dalton iDrive was toast. John explained what work had to be done to convert to a standard overhead system with several options. We went with the Lift Master belt drive option. John was very friendly and professional as he quickly removed the old iDrive and installed the new unit. If we ever need garage door work again we will use Mastercraft and John.
5	I fully recommend MasterCraft!Everyone that I worked with from the scheduler to the technician was friendly and professional.  I knew that my iDrive opener was a lost cause before I called them up, but Korey took a look at it anyway and took his time to answer all my questions and show me exactly what would need to be done to convert my system to a traditional opener.   Their price for a new unit was fair and Korey reminded me that they also  price match.Installation was fairly quick and Korey did a meticulous job making sure everything was clean and aligned - truly a professional job.  I was also impressed that he gave me the basic run down of how I can keep the opener tuned up on my own without the "you should schedule us for your 6-month tune up" sales job nonsense.
2	Everyone I dealt with was courteous and informative. However the tech was there for about 15min. and proceeded to explain to my spouse that the belt was a special order piece and by the time we paid for the parts needed plus labor to fix the 13 year old garage door we would be somewhere around $400, the tech said that for $478 we would have a brand new unit and that he happen to have one on his truck. Luckily the tech was mistaken so we scheduled for the next day. When I did about 30min of research online that evening I found the "special order belt" and the receiver board and had it 2-day shipped for $141.00. It took me about an hour to install all the parts and it works like it did when it was new. It is nice that they don't charge a service call or trip charge.
