5	I love fragrance, and oils work well for me.  I like that they can get stronger as you get warmer.My first experience was in the store, and I was helped with making a custom creation. I have since purchase on line, and have also fallen in love with the first couple of fragrances I found there; Vanilla bean and Raspberry.I bought fragrance oils in other places, and their fragrance seemed to fade but the fragrances that I have purchased here lasted all day. Since they offer online and phone orders, I will continue being a fan where ever I call my home.
1	I am the owner of ProActive Therapeutic Massage. As a business owner I pay attention to my customer's needs. Always. I have used Lotions and Potions in the past to order massage lotion for my practice. I don't have a problem overlooking the odd behavior of the service that I've received from this store in the past, mainly because it seemed to be more convenient to order from a local store than online (even though there is more of a savings by ordering online). Today however, was extreme. I spoke to someone at 11:30 who seemed to be inept at taking a simple order for a gallon of lotion, but made it clear that I would receive a call in a couple hours from someone else to take that order. Two hours came and went so I called again. I said who I was and that I hadn't received a call back, and that I needed this order to be filled. Then I got an annoyed heavy sigh at the other end. Admittedly, I was irritated so I said that I could also order online -- and before I could finish my sentence, I heard the words, "ok, thank you, have a nice day..." and was hung up on. SHE HUNG UP ON A PAYING CUSTOMER! WTF?! I was shocked. How unbelievably rude!I will never, EVER use this outlet again and will tell anyone and everyone to avoid this store for good. Here's my bottom line: you never EVER treat a customer like they're in the way, especially another business who depends on your business to help their's. Bad move Lotions and Potions. Bad move.
5	If you are looking for a TRUE perfumer & "mixologist" you have FINALLY FOUND ONE!! Sharon (the owner) is not only a legitimate artist & craftsman at what she does, but she's a GENIUS & innovator as well... I'm a VERY PICKY customer, if a scents top note is off in the slightest, or even slightly sweet, musky, spicy, etc. different then the original, I can tell... I love perfumes, but can't always fine a purse size, oil or  roller ball applicator in my favorite scents. As she can create / duplicate ANY dept. store scent, she has enough knowledge & know how to create the highest end boutique fragrances. From Eternity to Bond no.9, Sharon has her art down to a science!! A friend of mine that's a TRUE perfume connoisseur introduced me to Sharon, as well as all of my new favorite scents & perfumes. This friend has immense experience & knowledge of perfume & tends to like VERY UNIQUE, HIGH END, RARE smells that can only be found at stores like Barney's, or by the perfume company themselves & has had MANY fragrances made by Sharon. She not only has never been disappointed, she has a new obsession & has referred MANY people to Sharon @Lotions&Potions. So excited to have found Sharon & this new way of keeping my favorite scents on me always!!
1	This is NOT a real Lotions & Potions. The owner of this store is posing as the founder and franchise owner for Lotions & Potions and was even shut down over 15 years ago for posing as a Lotions & Potions before. If you would like to get QUALITY products and superior service, please visit the ORIGINAL and REAL location in Tempe, located on the NW corner of 5th Ave. and Mill.
4	It seems like other folks had different experiences, but I went there today and had a very good experience.  I'll likely be back, even though it's a hike from my house.What did they do right, you ask?  Well, to start with, maybe it's just me, but it seems like anytime I go anywhere with a Groupon or a Living Social deal (which is pretty often, honestly) the staff at a minimum heave a quiet sigh of resignation.  It goes downhill from there, usually.  But they saw the Living Social page right away and seemed even pleased that I'd come with it. That was a good sign.  And the two women who helped me out (Alexis and one other employee whose name I've regrettably forgotten) were very patient and knowledgeable.  I made them mix several different fragrances, and then in different proportions, and I was not the most biddable customer.  (I try to be open to suggestions, since they know what they're doing, but at the end of the day I'm going to be wearing it, soo...)  They were both very professional and struck a good balance between offering suggestions and accepting my decisions.  They both knew a lot about their products and seemed pleased to help me.  I'll be back -- great job, guys!
4	Wow.  I used to go to this store back in the day.  From it's Lotions and Potions beginning to the Metro Alleyway days when it was Potions and Lotions.  I could be seen there buying up my patchouli,  sandalwood and cedar oils.  Loved it and then sort of lost track of it when it moved to it's current location but a Living Social Voucher brought me back.  I am thrilled.  More organic items and lots more fragrances.   Got my sweet almond oil scented with Dragon's Blood (it has a patchouli base) and they did a great job of getting the scent over the strong almond oil.  Also got meditation oil which I haven't had in decades.  Totally happy to be back.  I feel almost 20 again
5	Stopped in today to pick up my order and as always had a fantastic experience. From the first time I made a purchase from Sharon, I was thrilled with the attention I was given, Sharon's level of knowledge and expertise of her products and the vast array of essential oils she stocks! The entire staff here is always willing and able to give advice and make suggestions. In today's world, this is the kind of customer service that keeps customers coming back again and again!! As an LMT, I go through a lot of essential and carrier oils as well as creams. No one carries everything I need the way Lotions & Potions does! I highly recommend them!Thanks for being a bright light in my day ladies!!
2	The selection wasn't great- no amber! Also the oils didn't smell like they were high quality. BUT the main thing is that the woman who helped me came across as defensive and borderline rude. Won't be coming back.
