5	Love Reverend Maraj!! Beautiful sermons that leave you feeling empowered, positive and ready for your week. Wonderfully stocked bookstore and very helpful volunteers and staff. Unity provides a real sense of community.
5	Unity offers everything a church should offer.  They provide uplifting inspirational Sunday messages that always seem to hit home for me.  Reverend Maraj teaches these lessons with passion, humor and eloquence and always in a manor that easy to remember and to reflect on.  Unity also offers courses to work on spiritual practices from meditation and yoga to relationship and financial matters.  Every month a new list of courses are out or book clubs or community related events like hiking, golfing or picnics.  Unity offers everything you need to find balance and spirituality in all areas of your life.  Some super cool unity "features" are their labyrinth for mediation, their serenity courtyard and the very well stocked bookstore that offers all areas of religious studies and beautiful gifts.  Unity of Phoenix is one of my favorite places in Phoenix.  It's a feel good place.
5	The other two reviews pretty much summed it up. Give it a try and get inspired.  Richard Maraj is great!
5	In the hustle and bustle of life, it's sometimes hard to identify what you are really missing in life. Many people don't identify or have gotten away from God because of what different churches teach them. If you have strayed away from church because of their judgement, but still seek something better, Unity is a great place to start on your journey. Unity of Phoenix offers something different than any other church I have been through. It doesn't discriminate against whether you are black, white, gay, straight, the way you dress or what might have occured in your background. Unity is a welcoming place that honors you for your individual journey. Richard Maraj is a wonderful story teller who will make you laugh and inspire you to make greater choices in life. Unity of Phoenix is a relaxing place, a safe place and a great way to start out your week. There is a group for everyone at Unity and powerful inspiring wisdom for children and adults. Listen to a service online. Try it out and than come and see the difference. Unity is home!
5	My relocation to the area brought me to this church. I wanted something not too preachy or screaming at me from the pulpit about damnation which I have experienced before. Something up to date with the life and times of today's people and families. Very happy to report it was exactly what I was looking for. Took a tour afterward of the church and sanctuary etc and everyone I met was friendly and welcoming. I am going to continue to check it out during the weeklyOfferings as well as Sunday. Hope to meet you there.
5	Great church. Love the meditation at the beginning and the messages from the pastor were great
