4	The best NY Giants bar in Las Vegas!If you are a Giants fan and have not been to Fontane's yet, you are missing out. The best pizza in town! Hint: Grab a large meatball pizza on game days... I look forward to it every Sunday
4	Johnny's is a great place. This place has great food and atmosphere. We buy their food for our customers at CMT Cigars all the time. You cannot go wrong here. The drinks are big, cigar smokers are welcomed, I cannot say enough good things about this place!
3	Very blue collar locals bar. Been there a few times with my boys Dahmer and Big L. Great place to watch the NY Giants... Crowd gets rowdy. Mediocre tap selection, but the food is good. Often they'll put up some happy hour grub like pizza and lasagna.  Never felt like a regular , so I quit going.
4	I wouldn't have ended up at Johnny Fontane's was it not for my buddy Mario who's a bartender here.  I gotta be honest... this place is not my cup of tea, but I had a good time when hanging out their the other night.  Mario and the bartender he was relieving are both pretty cool people, and they have a jukebox and some cool gambling promotions for 4 of a kind.  Unfortunately, they don't serve food.  But if you're looking to gamble and drink and want to actually get to know your bartender, this is the place!
4	We stopped in here after our massage at Massage Pro to wait for our taxi. It was dark and gloomy and homey and local and I loved this bar. It was pretty empty since it was only 10:00 but hey Beer O' Clock. They had video poker built into the bar top and the bartender said if we put a few bucks in the machine she'd give us our beer for free. They had Moose Drool on tap and I like to gamble so I'm pretty happy. I don't no rally play Double Bonus Poker so the bartender came around to explain it to me. I was only playing nickles and having a good day. The only other customer besides us starting talking and was telling us that low stakes isn't worth his time and that we should be playing dollars but we continued on. We told the bartender about the massage place we found on Yelp and she had no idea it was there even though she could see it from her bar. I showed her Yelp on my phone and as we were talking I hit the jackpot on the video slot 16,000 nickels (800 bucks). I did the right thing and gave her her cut roughly 100 before I left. Even without the win, I like this bar. I'll be back.
5	They have a brand new kitchen called Bailey's Place with an unbelievable stuffed burger and these appetizers called zings which were like nothing I had ever tried.  I would reccommend this place to anyone.
4	A bit dead for a friday night but oh well.Located across the street from the Sahara LVAC location, always noticed it but never went in till now. There's a very suddle temptation to see how much i can drink then see how much i can lift...Anyway they have a fine selection of Three Olives brand vodka in different flavors and Mario the bartender is funny as hell.
5	Johnny Fontanes is the best spot in town to watch NY Giants football on gameday! This is one of my usual hangouts when I want to have a chill night and drink till the wee-hours of the morning, but during football season Fontanes turns into NY Giants mecca for fans here in town.With good food, friendly bartenders (especially Mario, Missy and Kimmy) and a bunch of rowdy Giants fans cheering on the boys in Blue.Last night they also had a girl doing spray on tattoos of various Giants logos and Fox 5 News even dropped in (can see the clips online).My favorite items on the menu:Large Pizza with Meatballs (a must on gameday)StromboliWingsYou can find me here during every Giants game and usually on weekends late night from 12am on.Other fans are welcome, but make sure you can take some smack talk! Nothing personal :)
4	I really really really like this pace.Lately, I have been stopping in places that I always drive past, but have never gone in. Granted, we stopped after a full night of partying, but we had a great time.They have a few really great beers, such as Moose Drool and Sam Octoberfest.The bartender was very friendly and he had lots to discuss about Vegas and music.Next time, we'll try the food :)
5	We had such a BLAST watching yesterday's game (G-Men v Browns) here. And it was great seeing all the Giants jerseys in the place and to watch the game with such a lively and 'vocal' crowd ;) We really enjoyed the large cheese pizza (only $10) with the pitcher of beer, too!!!I'm so glad we found this place for Sunday Funday!!!LET'S GO BIG BLUE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	This is the ONLY place to watch NY Giants football in Las Vegas. Actually the only place for any NY sporting event. The staff is incredible (especially Tammy).
4	We came here for a benefit for Hurricane Sandy, a first visit for us.  I can't imagine how I'd never seen this place during all my travels up Sahara, what with the huge neon sign almost as bright as the light at Luxor.  Yes, I'm always the one driving, but we all know that usually drivers see more surroundings than the passengers they're transporting.I had only one drink, a Cosmo, because I'm a really cheap date with no capacity for alcohol (so what am I doing on Yelp??), but it was one helluva stiff and delicious one.  And the price was definitely better than your average Strip bar.As part of the benefit, there was a food truck outside generously donating a percentage of profits for the benefit, but we didn't feel like Haulin' any Balls, so we looked around Johnny's and saw some people eating what looked like very good - and very big - calzones, so we decided to share a spinach, ricotta and mozzarella one.  Good decision:  it sure was good, delicious, and priced just right.The bar was very comfortable, and I felt like we'd been coming there for years.  One thing for sure, we'll be returning.
4	Very cool place to sit at the bar and grab a few drinks.  All of the bartenders I've met have been great to chat with, and it seems like there are always a few regulars at the bar when I stop by.  The last time I was there my buddy and I sat at the bar and were immediately given vodka gummi bears for a going away party.  Don't mind if I do!  When you sit at the bar there is no reason for you to not feel welcome here.Drink prices are very reasonable.  For three rounds of drinks for two people, our bill came out to $21.  Not sure if it's always available, but they had $3 bottles of Lagunitas Lil Sumpin and $3 of Rogue on special.  If drinking isn't enough to keep you entertained, there's a jukebox, pool table, electronic dart board, and Deer Hunter.Cheap drinks, good hospitality and games make this an easy choice to either start or end your night.  If your bartender is Mario, tell him T-Bone and Carl sent you.  It won't get you anything special, but he'll know who sent you.
1	Where do I start . . . the interior decor is nowhere close to a Beach House . . . the bartender if you want to call her that . . . looked like a stripper who had a rough night . . . her dress barely covered her backside cheek or her front side . . . and when she came to take our order, she stare us like a deer in the headlights, and had to have us repeat the order three times.Drinks came . . . A Tap beer with 1/3 foam . . . while head is good . . . not on my beer . . . the Vodka and Seven . . . 3/4 Vodka / 1/4 WATER . . . REALLY . . . are you kidding me . . . the place would have gotten a zero . . . but when we went to pay . . . she said they were on her since we were so nice.Not a place that I will be returning to . . .
4	Sometimes you want to go to a unassuming neighborhood bar that is sort've like Cheers. Obvious there are regulars here, but you won't feel unwelcomed being a stranger. There's graveyard food specials starting at 11pm for $5.99.  We got wings and fries. If you like really crispy wings you probably will like this place. I really liked the fries though since despite being steak fries, it has a really crispy exterior. Original stromboli has mozzarella, ham and pepperoni and is actually pretty damn good. It's pretty stuffed with fillings. I know a lot of people are about this other famous bar stromboli but I like this better since it's not as doughy and has sauce on the side. Yes, I would order these items again. Bartenders here are friendly. A off the clock one chatted us up at the bar and Mario is a lovable asshat. He's my favorite. If drinking and food aint enough, you can play pool, darts, A Golden Tee game and they have karaoke on Fridays. Our group played darts and listened to people kareoke-ing. Thankfully it was pretty good and not painfully bad singers this night. Hopefully they're regulars. If you want a fun, low-key night out that isn't going to cost you a crazy amount, I say this is a good place to consider.
4	My favorite Yelper and I wanted to catch up on "current events" and since we both know the bartender here but yet we've never been, we chose this place to have a few drinks, chat and watch a football game. Pop that cherry!This is a NY Giants/ Yankees bar. People here are REALLY friendly and you can tell it's a locals bar that's way better than those chain bars.  The bartenders know the regular customers but will welcome noobs like me.  The bartenders are lively, they have fun doing their job and they know how to interact with customers.  I was instructed to get the couch area since I got there early. Comfy couches, flat screen TV and a table...feels like being at home. Mario (the giant bartender that sounds like JB from 98.5 radio station) was nice enough to find me an outlet so I can charge my phone and I didn't even have to ask.The pros helped the noobs decide on the food. They have sweet deals here.  Large pizza + chicken wings + a pitcher of beer for $21.99.  We got three of those for our group of about 8 people. We got meatball pizza, cheese pizza, pepperoni pizza, mild wings and Italian wings. THE BEST bar food I've had and for the price that can't be beat! The meatball pizza, mild wings and Italian wings were clear winners in my book. Normally, I find mild wings to be boring - theirs were plain but they were soooo good and crispy. The Italian wings were a bit garlicky, yum! I've heard good things about their stromboli too so, I'd have to come back try that.They were giving free raffle tickets and I won a T-shirt at the end if the night! Sweet!*Wrong DJ and radio station. Mario sounds like Shawn Tempesta from Mix 94.1!!!
4	The food and service was outstanding, and the NFL special was well worth $21.99 for a large 1 topping pizza, chicken wings and a pitcher of beer.  The meatball pizza was delicious and not over the top.  The Italian wings were very good and of course...BEER!We sat in the couch and lounge area which was close enough to the bar for good service, but far enough away to not be impacted by the various conversations going on at any good bar. The service was excellent and I felt as if they were starting to read my mind at one point.  We were a pretty good size group, but they still managed to keep the food and beer flowing without hesitation.This is defiantly a NY Giants bar, but being the only Cowboy's fan in the place, they welcomed me with good banter and ribbing.  I felt like a welcomed guest even though the Cowboy's actually won (still a little shocked myself) and ended up winning a t-shirt from the raffle drawing.I have some NY Giants fans which have been looking for a good bar for games, so I will definitely recommend this to them and will be back for sure.
1	Yelp reviews made this place sound neat. The place has no ventilation . I walked in for 30 seconds and walked right out.  I am pretty sure I got cancer !
3	My perspective is from die-hard N.Y. Giants fan and all around bar fan. This bar is the only bar in town listed as a 'NY Giants' bar. As you read this review, keep in mind that this was an early game but this is football season in Vegas and I have been to bars for early games and they were as busy as if it were Monday Night Football. CONS:This place is advertised as the only NYGiants themed bar in the Las Vegas area, but I wouldn't exactly call it a Giants bar, they do favor the team on football Sunday, but I have been to a few other NFL themed bars in town and they are really team bars. They have more beach themed decor than anything else. I do realize the word beach is in the name but truth be told, there's nothing 'beachy' about it bar either accept beach like decor. They don't even have an outdoor seating area. As soon as I walked in, the atmoshpere was not that of football Sunday, it was like walking into any other local dive. The place was too dark, too dark even for a bar. It has a rectanglar shaped bar right in the middle with about 3 what seem to be 40" TVs on only one side of it. You can only sit on one side of the bar to be able to see them, if you sit on the ends, there is no view. The bar is rectangular in shape but the seating does not go all the way around the bar because the other side has some sort of wall that creates a division so it eliminates quite a bit of seating. There was some sort of car race on the TV on that other side of the bar. It almost looks like they are trying to create a seperate area for those not there to watch football, but there was no one sitting there and watching the race.There is a couch area in the back corner which is pretty cool but the TV is about 40". That's too small for a couch area that size. The couches are set up in a manner that 'encloses' the area and the owners of the bar were sitting on the couches so the immediate impression I got was that the area was for them to sit in. There's a small bar in the other back corner that wasn't active, You can sit at that bar and there's TV behind it but you have to strain your neck to look up at it because the bar is too close to it and the TV is so small. All the TVs were about the same size and really far apart so there are only a few choice seats in the bar that if you don't grab them early enough you'll be watching the game at an angle. They raffle prizes at half-time but some of them seem to be freebies they get from vendors and half of them were not Giants related.The sound system is muffled and you could here people talking over the game. Keep in mind the place wasn't even that crowded.Smoking is allowed and ventilation is definitely lacking.PROS:Because its definitely a locals place, the price is right. The service was excellent. The staff is welcoming. The menu is pretty good, I'd already had breakfast so I just had the potato chip fries. These chips are very good. They are cut and cooked well and are not greasy at all. The serving is for about four people (or one very hungry person) but I took the rest home and they held up excellent in the fridge. When I ate some the next day I realized they didn't even need to be warmed. They were still as crisp as a bagged potato chips and just as delicious. I have not tried any main meals but if the chips are any indicator for how they cook in general I'd be willing to go back for a late game and check it out. The red-headed bar tender (forgot her name) is worth the trip to this bar (I'm not a pig, just enjoy the ladies).They raffled prizes at half time and they give you a raffle ticket for each beer you buy so it increases your chances of winning. CONCLUSION:I gave the place three stars instead of two because it is as close to a Giants bar as any other bar gets in this town and beggers can't be choosers. I plan on attending a late or evening game to see how that works out.
3	Lately, I've been occasionally hitting the LVAC on Sahara.  Several times, I see the Johnny Fontane's Beach House sign and resist the urge to give it a try since i'm still on my work out high.  yesterday I gave into the temptation since I was starving during my entire work out.  As soon as I got into my car, I pull up the Yelp app, find JFBH and call in an order.Ordered a small sausage pizza and a meatball sub - cost together - $16.50, very reasonable.  Told food will be ready in 20 minutes.After calling in order, I continued sitting in car returning a few calls and texted the gf. After 20 minutes, I drove all of 50 yards parked in front of JFBH and went in with the drool starting to build up.A few guys playing pool, creating a smoke cloud and drinking a few beers.  One other barfly at the end of the bar shooting the bull with the bartender.  I look around the bar and try to figure out why the place is called a "beach house " - oh well.  The bartender comes up, tell her I called in an order.  She leaves bar to check my order - she comes back to tell me a few more minutes and asks if I want a drink - I politely decline.  The bartender was pleasant.  I sit down - a few more texts, check a few websites on my phone, about 10 minutes go by.  The bartender comes over and says she'll check on my order.  She comes back and says a few more minutes.  She gives me the check and I pay.  Another five minutes goes by and she comes back with my order.First thing I notice is how heavy the bag is on top of the pizza - geez, what is this sammie made of - lead ??Get home with the food.  I like that they provide ranch dressing presumably for dipping the fries in.  The fries have that slight coating that provides greater crunch.  Decent sized sammie.  The meatballs ?  Very dense, juicy but I'm curious if the meatballs are actually "homemade" ( not that anyone represented to me that they were ) - overall, ok.The pizza - good sized for a small - light on sausage. Sauce is good, crust, decent.  Overall, an ok pizza especially for the price.I have a feeling i'll return ( post work out )pics attached
4	On Saturday, we saw on Yelp that Johnny Fontane's Beach House was having a free pig roast with a raffle where the proceeds went to an Epilepsy charity (charity is always a good thing)  and since we had never been there and are very adventurous, we thought we would give it a try.  We went over around 2:30 and there were a few people who were probably regulars with a great little band playing 50's and 60's music.  First thing we noticed when we drove up was a dunking pool and a whole pig roasting on a spit outside.  How fun is that?  The food was amazing - pulled pork, bbq ribs, bean, rice, and great homemade tamales.  We were lucky enough to meet the owners, Joey and Dodie, among other people, and they were nice enough to give us tastings off the roasted pig outside later in the day...Pig Cheek - YUM!.  It was a really fun place and we would go back even without the free food.  Everyone was really friendly and the only weakness I would say is we got the most UN-long island ice tea we had ever had, but whatever it was, it was pretty tasty.
4	Last Friday night, we left the 9 to 5 on the shelf and just enjoyed ourselves. We hung out in PBR Rock Bar at Planet Hollywood into the early morning hours. Our minds were up on Space Mountain under a nice buzz. Our lives the past week felt like a runaway train running off Big Thunder Railroad, and the night was still young. It was time to continue celebrating into tomorrow. We'd kiss the high energy of the Las Vegas Strip goodbye, and say hello to the local's energy at Johnny Fontane's Beach House.   We made it to Johnny Fontane's Beach House around 3:30 in the morning. We missed the Friday night kaoke.  It was the difference between night and day driving to Johnny Fontane's Beach House than it was driving to the PBR Rock Bar at Planet Hollywood. Johnny Fontane's Beach House is near the crossroads of Sahara and Decatur, in the shadow of the Sahara Las Vegas Athletic Club. There is sufficient parking in front of the building.    When we stepped foot inside Johnny Fontane's Beach House, my eyes adjusted to a large room. My eyes focused on the central bar and a perimeter featuring a dart board, video games, comfortable chairs, and a pool table. The decor is a beach theme. The secondary theme of Johnny Fontane's Beach House is that it is a New York professional sports team bar. This is a go-to bar for NY Giants and Yankees games.    The pool table and darts board fits my personality. When I drink alcohol, I am kind of like the person I am when I drink coffee or soda. That person wants to be active and moving around. So as soon as I walked in the room I wanted to get my beer and make a beeline for the darts board. I was also up for a game of pool. That didn't happen. On tge other side of the token, I also enjoy hanging out and talking to people. Cheers is the place where everybody knows your name. Johnny Fontane's is the place where Mario knows your name. Mario is the graveyard bartender. Just like me, he is a New York transplant. I enjoyed talking to him about Long Island, NY. In comparison to the bartenders at PBR Rock Bar where we had been hanging out, Mario is extraordinary personable. It felt like we were hanging out with a friend.   From my recollection,  the beer and soda (exiting Space Mountain) was inexpensive. There were no shady practices here. The only shadiness was the dim lighting.   I am a fan of Johnny Fontane's Beach House. The deal is that it is far from my hood causing it to be an inconvenience for me to be a local bar. But if Summerlin or the central west neighborhoods of Las Vegas are your hood,  I recommend checking out Johnny Fontane's Beach House.
4	The Bartender was awesomeand she made fantastic drinks! I went there on a sunday and they weren't serving food. I was curious to try the food,I guess I will need to go back on a different day of the week.
1	Yet again another smoke filled disappointment thanks yelp for the recommendation! I prefer not to smell smoke as I eat or do anything in my life.
1	Worst bar ever dingy dark dirty bartender smokes doesn't wash hands and only the regulars are treated nicely
