4	This is one of those locations that I have walked past the last two years and never got around to trying.  My main attraction to the storefront is the plastic food out front, which just looks so wonderfully Japanese to me.  There is something about shiny plastic food replicas that really peaks my interest.  Also, the amount of corn used on the food also made me think that it was a Japanese franchise.  It is in fact not, but Canadian, and Montreal specific.  The only other two location are at the Six Flags Theme Parks in the province.  This is a small cafe with only one worker that does everything, or at least at the times that I visited.  You order at the counter and pay, and then they will call out your order for pick-up.  Seating is limited to about three tables, with an excellent view of the street.  They are sold out of many items, like chicken salad and waffles.  However, I ordered the Tuna Salad Crepe and it tasted much better than expected.  The crepe was slightly sweet and crunchy, filled with tuna salad sandwich toppings; tomato, lettuce, corn, sliced processed cheese, and tuna salad.  All of the items here are cheap, keeping most under $5.50 CAD.  Also, we ordered a Nutella covered plain crepe, it was perfect.  These are not knife and fork style crepes, instead the hand held version.  Most of the toppings are made in house.  I watched the cook slicing the fresh strawberries before assembling them for the previous customer.  Next time, I will get that chicken salad with curry topping.
3	made in front of your eyes. Decent crepes
5	This crepe place rocks! I got the strawberry banana Nutella crepe. The fruit was fresh, the crepe was crispy, which is my favourite kind compare to the other soggy crepes. Most of all, it's wrapped so you could carry it around and eat it easily and not worry about cutting it and making it really messy. I love this crepe place and not too expensive at all!
5	The crepes are Japanese style, so there's a abundant of flavors from the classical strawberry-banana-Nutella to hamburgers wrapped in a crepe! The price is very decent for the portion size.I got a pure dessert crepe, totally forgot the name but it was strawberry and a slice of cheesecake with blueberry drizzle. There was literally a piece of cheesecake in the crepe. For once, the window pictures don't lie.Unfortunately you don't get a spoon for the crepes, but take your time to eat the giant crepe; it is very doable!
3	i like their service. the food was not bad either
