4	A tiny neighborhood park that holds many wonderful memories from my childhood.
4	I remember going to a park in elementary school on a field trip and thinking it was the bomb because it had a turtle and a whale that shot water.  Growing up with Vegas summers you learn to appreciate little watery oasises.  (Oases?  Oasi?)  I couldn't remember the name of the park or where it was and I mourned that I'd never find it.Then one day some friends invited me to Bob Baskin.   There they were.I was 7 again, pushing the button and playing in the spray.  It was probably kind of disturbing.Anyway, the park is nice for a Vegas park.  Lots of grassy areas, mature trees, tennis courts and creepy bathrooms.  And a turtle and a while that shoot water.  That just wins.
4	Great little park. Soft running track, tennis courts, racquetball, dog friendly, water features for the kids, swings and lots of pigeons & I mean lots. This park is attached to Sahara Palms apartments.
4	A very nice park with lots of things you like in a good park. Plenty of grass where there should be grass, and no grass where you think there should be no grass. Dog-walkers rejoice! Dog-baggie stations at various places keep the doggie business where it belongs: in the trash. Exercise stations, walking path, tennis and racquetball courts, enough open space where people frequently play soccor and a kids area chock full of climbing/jumping/swinging stuff.  And the grills next to the family benches. This is a perfect place to have a group picnic! And the ice cream man shows up three times an hour! The only thing that would improve this park is a frequent police presence to get rid of the drunk teenagers.
2	I live (fourteen years already) a stones throw from the park, on gilmary and indeed take my dogs for a walk there even now.  It is great to hear others give this 4 stars but the location has been in decline for many years mainly due to hordes of trashers that come on the weekends for barbeques and a good number of people who sleep there. I mean it isnt too difficult to bag your trash from your picnics but the majority of people who do this treat the place like its their native land. Not a racist, just describing what I see, if you get my dirft. Baskin is a good example of how the city is becoming more urban, just like Sunrise hospital is becoming more like UMC....I would love that this werent the case as it affects the value of my home, etc. The city does clean it up but it shouldnt be allowed to get trashed like it does. Hope my post brings some balance to these evaluations....cheers!
4	Small dog-friendly park with a tiny parking lot (two short rows- that's it). This is where many families congregate- there is a walking trail, tennis courts, small picnic areas, and exercise stations. The back of the park backs up to an apartment complex, so expect kids coming through. Usually there are other dog-owners here besides us. Once, an owner with five dogs had a few of them off the leash (there's a leash law here, BTW, but you probably already knew that). My dog found some food on the ground. The grass is not as green as it should be, but it's a nice little park.
2	I went here for a baby shower and here is what I found:1. There were two racket ball walls and four tennis courts.2. Large green area in the back of the park away from the streets.3. There is a nice walking path4. There is a nice playground.5.  I caught a strange man walking around all the cars "shopping."  He particularly had a keen interest on my truck and what was in it.  I stood there and looked at him.  It didn't phase him, he proceeded to shop the rest of the vehicles in the parking lot, which included about 6 other cars of my party.  I stood guard and waited for everyone to get their cars while he intently looking to pick something up. Be careful of your vehicles when you park here.
1	Dirty!!
4	This park is located on Oakey and Rancho. Right behind an old neighborhood. The neighborhood isn't that bad at all. It's somewhat close to UNLV, about a 10-15min drive. My friends and I go there a lot to play tennis. The courts are really nice and the lights I believe shut off around 10pm? But there's a button for the lights where you can stay later!! If you do however need the light to stay on longer, I believe the time limit is around 30mins-1hr but you'll need to constantly hit the button....it does take about 30mins for the lights to come back on if they shut off. All in all it's a good place to go play tennis at least =]
