4	Fantastic Peruvian food with gigantic (and I mean gigantic!) portions.  I guess you'd be tempted to call it a hole in the wall but I like the ambiance which largely consists  of a mural of a mermaid and a huge flatscreen television that blares (at least while we were there) the cheesiest Latino love balladeers this side of Julio Iglesias. Personally, I think it adds to the experience. The ceviche is one of the best I've ever had and the chicken I ordered was super tasty. Still, so much was leftover that I had to get a doggy bag - not a usual occurrence for me.  I was excited to have chicken for lunch the next day only to lose the brown bag at a bar an hour later. Oh well, I hope someone enjoyed it.
4	There were six of us.  We shared four dishes.  I imagine some of the others might pop in and give you their take but here is mine:Service:  Friendly.  Prompt.  They speak Spanish, French, and English, BTW.Beverages:  Okay, we all shared Inca Cola.  If you like Inca Cola, you'll be excited they have it.  If you've never had Inca Cola, it tastes like bubblegum meets marshmallow.  But it's yellow.  Weird, but sweet and palatable.Okay the food...-Ceviche Mixto:  One of the best ceviches I've ever had (and I've had a lot).  It was flavorful and SPICY.  Delightful.-Fried fish (can't remember the name):  Less generic then you'd think.  Very good.  Not greasy.-Anticuchos (beef heart):  I'll let others chime in on this.  This was my first ever heart so I don't have comparative analysis.  The leanest muscle, it is not fatty at all.  I have decided I prefer fatty meats, but it was flavored well and definitely edible.-Saltado de Mariscos (a seafood with rice, veggies, and potatoes in a reddish sauce):  OMFG.  I want more of this today.  I want so much.  SO MUCH.   Why did I eat so much poutine earlier that I was full?  BOO.  Eat this.  Trust me.Splitting the check, however, was an ordeal.  Do not expect this to be as easy as the rest of Montreal.  They don't get it.  They can split by dish, and that's it.  End of story.That, however, wouldn't keep me from coming back.  Just bring cash.
4	This is an authentic Peruvian restaurant, and a pretty good one at that. I went there with a group of friends after a few beer at Vices et Versa across the road - it was a good combo, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it!The key dish was the cerviche, and they didn't disappoint. We got the mixto, and it tasted great and had a good selection of seafood. Better than that, no one got sick! I don't mention that because we were worried (we wouldn't have ordered it if we were), just that there's always a risk when you're serving uncooked seafood - but hey, that's what cerviche IS.We also had the anticucho (beet heart skewers), which is another Peruvian staple which they did well.We got a few other side dishes (fish, vegetables, etc) which were all nicely done. The place is nothing too special to look at, but the service was quick and friendly.This place serves up Inka Cola, which is another must-have for any real Peruvian restaurant. If you've never had it before, give it a try (it looks like pee, but tastes like bubblegum!).
4	Chicho's is a "find", especially if you are looking for great ceviche and great prices. Love its location...right down the street from Little Italy, so fun walking around before and after food.  It is like a cafe, clean and simple. We shared a ceviche mixto - and I have eaten my fair share of ceviches, and it was wonderful.The chef will adjust the spiciness to your taste. All the fish is imported from Peru!  He poured me an excellent glass of red wine (I prefer) from a label I knew - and charged me $6.00. We also ordered a half chicken which came with a good sized salad. We couldn't eat it all; portions here are generous. We will go back and try more dishes, but honestly, that ceviche still brings forth oohs and aahhhs.
4	As I was discovering new parts of Montreal...I found this gem of a place.  I'm so glad that I did...just loved their Ceviche Mixto.  It was AWESOME!  Man, these guys don't play when it comes to their portions...so come with a hearty appetite and you won't disappointed.  I recommend that you try one of their drinks named "Chicha Morada"...it's made from Black Corn, and it's very good!
