4	The poker room at the MGM is one of my favorites. I've never had to wait too long to get on a table, even on a Saturday night, the room is open and clean, and the dealers are great.They've got a lot of different pot limit and no limit games. I stick to the 1-2 no limit tables and the action is fairly good. The players range from rookies to table sharks, but if you can identify your players and have some patience, raking in isn't too difficult.The servers are attentive and get you drinks pretty quickly, but as are all casinos, they're watered down to a premium.There are also multiple flatscreens throughout the room which was awesome during the opening weekend of the NFL season. You can play your hands and keep track of your parlays at the same time.This is a great poker room, one of the best in Vegas.
4	I would rate this second to Caesar's, but definitely a great room. Pluses: *$1/hr comps that are super easy to track and redeem. They scan your card in when you sit down (your regular MGM players card works, do sign up for this!).*Tons of d*bags from Cali on friday/saturdays looking to kill time before they go clubbing. Free money*Red bull vodka and other premium drinks. Decent wait service.*Nice trendy ambience. Great, friendly dealers.Minuses:*Food blows. Caesars has much yummier options for when you're pulling a 12 hour poker over-nighter.*Tends to get a little loud for my taste due to the proximity to the centrifuge bar.. however if you want the perfect combo of going clubbing and poker playing this is your spot.
4	The MGM Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas is possibly the best low-stakes poker room in town. They offer loose tables, a professional staff, and a fun atmosphere for visiting as well as local players.Although it's a long walk from the main lobby of the hotel to the poker room, once you finally get to the room, everything else is simple. The poker room is well staffed and highly professional, making it easy to get a seat, drinks, chips, and to cash out when you're done. The MGM poker room is known for it's low-stakes games, running more $1/2 NL and $2/4 FL Hold'em games than anything else. For visitors planning on doing some drinking while they play, sticking to lower stakes games is probably a good idea... Read rest of review at athttp://www.parttimepoker.com/review-of-mgm-poker-room
3	I don't play poker any more.  It's been over a year.  I had to stop when I had some numbers explained to me by a smarter man than myself.  His explanation went a little something like this: It's sort of Hollywood with people talking about how they win at the game.  The rake takes a bigger bite than most think.  If you're sitting at a ten handed table where each player has $300, and they're doing 30 hands an hour at $4 house rake per hand, plus tips to the dealer, that's one player being literally eaten by the house every 2 hours.  So if you put in an 8 hour session, 4 of those 10 starting players would be up in smoke, money completely gone to the house, by the end of that period.  Money off the table not winnable by you.  Yeah.  Sucks eh?  So even before you've started jousting with those highly refined table sharks hungrily eyeing your chips at popular poker joints like the MGM (note to 20 something alt punk: get a real job, even if it's making sandwiches, still better), you're sort of starting at a disadvantage, to all the money being sucked up by the black hole that is the house.  Your odds might even be better putting it all on red at that nice pretty roulette wheel over there.  47% versus a table full of sharks, and a hungry house?  I'll take the almost coin flip, I'm no Michael Phelps and a lot of those sharks look fast.  I suppose my real point is that, as with the move from 2:3 blackjack to 5:6 and the increase in tight slots, I think the big casinos got a big greedy and have choked some of the life out of the game. That said, I agree with these other posts that the MGM is a nice, modern, clean room with very professional dealers and floor personnel.  Lots of tables, lots of action.  The dealers are nicer than the Bellagio's, although the players are better.  Since it's so close to Studio 54 there's lots of eye candy.  There's lively games 24 7, which cannot be said of most poker rooms nowadays.  If you're just in town for the weekend from Socal or New York or Bahhston or Toronto or Norway or London and looking for that distinctly vicious and bloodcurdling thrill that only comes with aggressively bluffing two tight rocks out of a hand that you rightfully should have lost, you might as well be rearranging the deck chairs on this particularly modern, nicely furnished and hip sort of Titannic.
5	This has fast become my favorite Poker Room in Vegas.  Tournaments are well run and affordable.  The Staff is professional and helpful. They honored my special seating request (due to my wheelchair), without a hitch.I like this place so much, I am giving them 5 stars even though I haven't won a dime there yet!  Maybe in May!
3	I played at about 4 or 5 places while in town.  I thought this joint had some of the best combos. They had $1/hr comps, and a pretty good crowd.  The dealers weren't as friendly as Mandalay bay, but the players were pretty diversified.  I made some nice coin here as well.  The waiting list usually moves fast, as they have alot of tables going usually.
4	Overall i really like this poker room. Its actually the first poker room I've ever played live at a casino before. This was years back, before the big poker boom. Since then, I've frequented back to MGM poker room a couple of times. Theres plenty of tables, and usually not that long of a wait time, even during peak hours. The MGM room gives a good mix of beginning, novice, and experienced players. I dont encounter that many sharks that everyone wants to avoid here which is good for people who just want to give poker a shot.
4	Nice open area. Dealers are friendly. Good selection of games for your casual player... $2/4 and $3/6 Limit and a wide range of No Limit Hold'em. Not a lot of smoke since the ceiling is very high.
5	A huge room with good dealers, a nearby bathroom and cafe, and a good mix of players. I played at the 1-2 NL, a sit-n-go, and 2-5 NL games. There were good players, as well as plenty of serial callers and other poor players. A very tight strategy at one of the tourist no limit tables will nearly always pay off, so long as you are patient enough to wait thru 20 minutes of mistakes between playing your rare top-tier hands.
3	One of the largest poker rooms on the Strip.  I'd guess there are probably 3 dozen tables here.  I was there at 4 am last Saturday and almost all the tables were full.  I played my usual NL 1-2.  MGM attracts mostly younger players with small to medium bank rolls, so you're not going to get into any crazy thousand dollar pots with old guys like at the Wynn.  I don't think there are any jackpots or anything like that.  They also have sit & go games.  One thing to note is that this poker room is very loud.
4	It's a nice room.  I prefer the rooms at Venetian & Caesar's better, but this fit the bill the night I was there.
5	This is the ideal poker setting for college students and others on a budget, those who want to take a dip in the pool but are unwilling to lay down some hundies, ie: half to three quarters of my budget. I searched far and wide for a lower stakes poker table, I went to older casinos such as New York New York, Excalibur, Flamingo, with no avail. I finally entered MGM, my final destination. It was pretty exciting to find a .50 - $1, $20 min - $50 max table. I'd have to say that it was the highlight of my Vegas journey. I asked the host, if other casinos have the same thing, he told me MGM was the only one (I'm not sure I believe him, but if others do exist, theyll be pretty damn hard to find) Go here, great table for beginners and budget players who dont want to go off the strip yet still want to play in a real casino with actual service. They also have higher stakes tables, 1-2, and 2-4 as well.
3	Best place to lose $300 in less than 2 nights.Totally thought I was getting lucky. Minute I step foot in here, I won $80.Cling cling cling cling cling!!!Yeah mofuggas. Keep looking at me, I am owning this machine....Okay no biggie, just a couple dollars...8 hours later... wired... give me my money back!!!So you keep thinking, no worries, I can win my money back on those 1 cent slots. But you don't.1 star.Free drinks, anything you want - 5 starsAnnoying people who keep asking me for my ID - 2 stars
4	Excellent, many stakes and the cocktail service is super!
4	Really nice poker room with over 20 tables, never have to wait long for a game!!! Dealers are nice!!! The poker room itself is really clean!!!
5	The poker room at the MGM Grand is pretty deep inside the casino, hidden further from view than the table games and slot machines that make the house more money.  But seek it out - if you're looking to gamble and like a slower bleed than Black Jack, the $1/$2 tables are great.The room is not the biggest I've seen, but it's fairly nice and you get seated pretty fast.  The dealers are friendly and professional, and you get free drinks while you gamble.  I've only played in the MGM once, but I think I'll try and come back on future visits to Vegas.I'd heard beforehand that the MGM poker room was easy money, and the softness of my table didn't contradict that description.  We were playing nine-handed, and five of the players had no idea what they were doing, while the rest were so tight that you could just fold any time they made a move.  It was actually pretty boring, but I won almost every hand I got involved in, with one fold to an A9 that hit his two pair on the river.  I'm no poker guru, and would lose to a lot of the $1/$2 grinders that occupy various Vegas poker rooms.  I didn't see any of that type at my table.Until I come back to the MGM poker room and lose some big hands, I will have a rosy view of the place.  I've also heard that it's a goldmine late at night, since it's close to a club.  I love poker but hate losing, so I hope this place is nice to me when I come back.
4	Nice medium sized room, waiting period for a table was not long at all. The dealers were nice and the managers made sure that you were having a good time and are well taken care of. experience playing here was a positive one, especially when you are winning!!
4	Complimentary Buffet!Apologies in advance, as I do not gamble, I just eat. However, my aunt is a high roller, and treated as a VIP at nearly EVERY single casino in Las Vegas. Every 3 months, she goes to Vegas, and this time I drove over from LA to join her. It's the only way to go!The Grand Poker Room is located past all the slot machines way in the back, on the left hand side. There is an open area for poker in the front for smaller amounts, and a larger area in the back for larger amounts. There is a VIP section, with a COMPLIMENTARY BUFFET & BAR served 24/7 with fresh fruits, veggies, desserts, and the evening I went: Chinese food: Egg Drop Soup (it impressed me they served white pepper and red vinegar to accompany the soup) Fried Rice w/deveined shrimp & Chinese sausage, and Tempura Shrimp.Really impressed with the quality of food! Although I spent about an hour in the MGM Grand Poker Room, I chatted with the VIP Host who said they employ some of the best Chinese chefs, as most of their high roller clients are Chinese. Makes sense.
4	Gorgeous hotel and stunning casino. Dealers are really nice and will help you if you're a beginner. They are professional and the tables are nice. One ultra friendly dealer told me on the side that the dealers are really pulling for you to win, although most people lose. The odds are always stacked against you in favor of the house as with any casino (of course).My wife and I were there for our honeymoon and we accidentally were put in a non-smoking room. MGM upgraded our room to a smoking room (smoking rooms are highly in demand in Vegas) for no charge and the view was stunning, room was spacious, etc.My only complaint was that the show we saw at the crazy horse (Crazy Horse Paris) was not so hot. Should have skipped that and saw Ka (Cirque De Soliel exclusively). Don't get me wrong, the showgirls were gorgeous but the choreography really blew and they threw in a comedy Michael Jackson puppet show thing which was completely out of context to the French 'strip tease' theme. Other than that, it was great. I think next time we go we'll try another casino even if we stay at MGM because I've heard the action is better at O'Shea's or Stratosphere because I've heard the action is better there.Thumbs up on MGM
3	There are so many irritating things about this room that I can barely list them all. The saving grace of the MGM Grand Poker room is the fact that it is FILLLEDDDD with tourists who are just looking to gamble and generally play pretty awful.If you can get past the blaring music, awkward marble rail around the tables, and the annoying loud noises the MGM Grand Poker Room might be for you. If you love money this room also might be a good fit. Who doesn't love free money?!
5	I love this poker room.  The layout is open, the drink service is frequent, and the type of drinks served are excellent (Guinness bottles, Heineken Light, etc.).  The level of play is moderate at best; I have had a few of my biggest sessions ever at this place.  I always have found the staff to be pleasant.  This is pretty much my favorite place to play poker in Vegas.
1	The people operating this poker room are completely incompetent. They have no Idea how to seat or treat players.
2	The smoke filled building made me want to pull my eyeballs out of their sockets and rinse them in water.It was during this visit that I realized that the MGM has jumped the shark.  This location needs a remodel or perhaps a wrecking ball.
5	Best room for anyone starting out! Friendly welcoming staff and great place! You can't ask for anything more. Tourist are welcome and treated right!
4	One of the better rooms to play in the larger casinos. Play with inexperienced tourists or the locals depending on time of day and game. Call the poker line and get on a list or come in, easy to get on a table. Everyone is very attentive. Poker room is in an open area so I guess the smoke is more noticeable but honestly as someone who is sensitive to smoke, I could never notice it. One of husband's preferred poker rooms.
5	This room is in a temporary location, a few steps from the old one, because of the huge remodel going on at the MGM. The staff is always professional and accommodating. I entered one tournament and made the final table.
4	I am not a great poker player.  In fact, I'm not even a GOOD poker player.  I would love to engage in the illusion that I am a great poker player.  The reason the MGM Grand Poker Room gets many stars from me is because it creates a temporary reality where I actually get to feel like I'm a relatively GREAT poker player.  Don't get me wrong.  I got absolutely owned one night here to the tune of $240 on a single hand because I badly misread an opponent.  However, aside from that one rather unforgivable mistake, I was playing the lowest limit poker offered ($1/$2) and pretty much was able to pay for everything but my room while I was in Vegas purely with my poker winnings.  And that was after sitting at their tables for no more than 10 hours TOTAL during a three day period.  If you aren't any good (like me) but would still like to make a decent sum of money (apx $60-80/hr), I would strongly suggest playing a relatively tight game early on and getting it all in when you know you have the goods.  Some people here will call you just to see what you have even if they have essentially nothing.  Seriously.  But aside from the rare miracles, a relatively basic understanding of pot odds and statistics should earn you a relatively healthy sum of money.  How is the actual poker room?  The dealers are friendly, the cocktail waitresses bring your (non) alcoholic drinks of choice at a relatively quick rate, and there was quite a bit of non-asinine table talk.  Because the MGM Poker Room is in a temporary location right now, I didn't notice the loud blaring music that others have noted.  Then again, I played exclusively morning/afternoon sessions here.  So there might be your answer.  This definitely is not the sexiest poker room.  If you are looking for that type of experience, you should go to Aria.  If you aren't at least a semi-decent player, however, prepare to lose hundreds if not thousands of dollars.  Overall, I think this is a fine poker room for people who just want to play low-limit tables against people of modest poker ability.  If you are looking for a more challenging game or if you just want to play somewhere that looks gorgeous, go elsewhere.
3	I liked the old poker room better.  The new 'room' feels like an afterthought.  Friendly, courteous & professional staff.  2 daily poker tournaments.
5	Polite dealers, good quality tables and a massage specialist available at different times of the day. Drink service was good although a high hand jackpot would be an additional selling point.
2	I prefer the old MGM Grand poker room.  This one was not laid out as well as the old one.  I say this without hyperbole, but the chairs at MGM are the most uncomfortable chairs I've encountered in a poker room.  And, they have no cushions that other rooms typically have to help with this.  Nice dealers, a couple were very personable.  The games are mostly $1/$2 NLHE and $2/$4 Limit.  They also had a few $2/$5 games.  But, the cramped nature of the room and the chairs will likely prevent me from coming back, unless I'm at the MGM for another reason and the mood to play strikes.
2	I used to love the MGM Grand's poker room when I first started visiting Sin City. There was something both cool and sacrosanct about playing poker in the largest resort hotel in Vegas. It made you feel like a contender, no matter your level of skill.It's two daily tournaments were also quite affordable, and there was always a nice ambience there, given its friendly dealers, chatty (but not annoying) players, and (on occasion) a couple of pseudo-celebrity (reality show star) servers.But during the MGM Grand's (constant) renovations, the poker room was moved from its central location to a side area that lacks the same grandiosity and distinction, and feels like an afterthought.Back in January, the poker room was back where it should be, and in all its glory, but only three months later, it was moved back to that dingy side space because the casino needed its home for some Academy of Country Music awards function. Huh?It's that kind of thinking from casino management that sends a clear signal to poker players: we don't care about your comfort and the atmosphere you play in; we don't care about the poker's long history and the game itself; and we're more interested in the latest trends than tradition. I imagine the same kind of thinking inspired the closure of the MGM Grand's famous and much beloved lion habitat.That kind of thinking leaves a sour taste in my mouth. If they don't care, why should I?
1	My friends and I are avid poker players and just returned from our annual poker trip to Vegas; I couldn't have imaged a worse set up for the "new" poker room.  It was a disaster.  We loved playing at the MGM but will now go elsewhere.  MGM should either invest in a poker room or don't have one at all.There is no cage, the chairs were uncomfortable, the TVs are lousy, and the barrier between the cigarette smoke filled slot area and the poker area was divided by the main walkway, which left the poker area abnoxiously loud and stinky.You can already see it in the numbers.  They raised the prices of the tourneys to those comparable to ARIA, but with fewer amenities, the new poker area was averaging only two tables of players on a weekend (It used to average 5-10)!  There were only two 1-2 cash games going at 4pm on a Saturday!Disappointed!
3	Eh, just okay. The dealers weren't that great, the poker room feels very cramped. There are better places to lose money.
1	We made our way over to check out the MGM last week on our trip to Vegas. To our disappointment the whole place smells like disgusting carpet cleaner. The smell was so bad we had to leave and the smell stays in your nose for a good 30 minutes after you leave. I would not recommend going if you have a sensitive nose.
3	yeah, ok.  That was fun.  I'm not really a gambler but the staff was helpful and considerate.  My room was adequate (but a bit small).  Confusing as hell trying to navigate your way around the place though.
3	Not really a "room" but a good place for tournaments and high hand wins. The lowest table was 1-2 NL compared to other MGM hotels which are 1-3s except for mirage. I had a good time so I like this place. Simple as that. But looked like they're building a poker room next to where we were playing so looking foreword!
3	The old poker room location was much better since it was right in the middle of everything. The new location is near the sports book so it's hidden and not very fancy. There were only 3 types of games going: 1-2 NL, 2-5 NL and 2-6 spread limit game. I played the spread limit game which was a lot of fun. The dealers were good (Zak could loosen up a bit) and they had a bad beat promotion which made some of the hands ridiculous. My brother-in-law & husband did great at the 1-2 NL and always play poker at MGM when they're in Vegas so I'm sure I'll be back. My one complaint was that it took FOREVER to get a drink from the waitress, so that put a damper on the experience. She forgot someone's drink at least twice and it took a good 45 minutes before she got back to the table so it was impossible even get it corrected right away. The dealers and floor man were even making jokes about how long it took to get service.
3	daily tournaments !! is a plus.. but the location on the floor  and set up is garbage..
3	really not a bad room. i don't know how the setup was prior, but, i liked what is here. around 15 tables set up next to the sports book and the sports restaurant. tourists playing and some locals. tournament buy-ins are $35 plus $5 for the dealer option, totalling 4000 chips. rebuys for the first 2 levels at $5 for 2000. cash games were minimum $65 for the $1-2NL. didn't too good during the morning sessions, but, the evenings went pretty well for me. dealers were pretty cool and bosses were nice enough to look for my MLife number to track my play. oh yeah, and i'm not a fan of the no-wheel, non-adjustable chairs. :(
1	The last time I was here was in 2006 or 2007, when the MGM Grand Poker room enjoyed a prime spot in the middle of the ground floor, just across from the lions.  For a poker player on a $1-2 type of bankroll, this was the place to be.*My return trip?  Oof.  It's like that time I was at a two-bit strip club at closing time, and the lights came on.**The lions are either gone or moved.  The poker room has also been moved, but maybe it would be better off being gone.Situated off to the side somewhere and playing with the dregs of society, I realized that some things just don't last.  And sometimes there is no need to revisit those fabled locations of our past.After I left the table and walked out of MGM's doors, I knew I would never return again.*This is artistic license.  I am not a gambler, and if I did, I never win money.  And if I did and lost money, I wouldn't have a gambling problem.**This is also artistic license.  I have only seen strip clubs in movies, and only for as long as it takes for me to change the channel or to skip the scene on my DVD.
5	Burn em and turn em ...im such a river rat!This casino is cool I love to play poker here. All the shops & stuff to do keep me having fun for hours. I give it 5 stars tons of fun is to be had here.
5	Burn em and turn em ...im such a river rat! This place rocks. Everytime I'm here I have a ball.
1	After planning my day around the Friday 2:05 Turbo Tournament I registered and waited for over an hour only to hear them announce that they were canceling the tournament FIVE MINUTES before it was scheduled to start.  VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.  They have also downsized the room and it is very cramped now.  Big disappointment.
5	Visiting Las Vegas from England and as a lover of poker thought i'd hit up a couple of spots on the strip.Choose MGM as their 11:05 daily tournament seemed to be good value.$35 buy-in, 4k chips, 20min blinds+ 1k for registering 30mins early+$5 option buy-in anytime, 4k chips or less+ unlimited rebuys max 6k chips, $5 per 2k for the first 2 levels.+ $10 top up of 5k after 2 levels.I'm not the greatest player so was happy to spend the $50 after two levels.Tables were all in great condition and had automatic shufflers installed.The chips looked brand new and felt nice to hold.Dealers really friendly, and players seemed friendly in general.I lasted until the 7th level and busted with QQ's vs AA & KK.Happy with the three hours play.The restroom is also situated just opposite the poker room and there is quick waitress service providing free drinks to all players ($1 tip recommended)Hope this proves to help you in making your choice of playing poker and good luck.
3	I don't know how those dealers remain so calm with all the people playing their tournaments who have no clue what's going on.  They are having to constantly remind the players to post their blinds and antes.  There are some good dealers there and anyone who has played here will agree with me that it seems like the dealers have no interest in dealing those tourneys other than sheer comedic entertainment.   If you are a serious player looking for a good poker tourney I'd probably say steer clear of here.
5	Having fun in Vegas come on lady luck marty's here...Please let me win some money. ......
1	Very sad.  MGM used to have one of the better poker rooms when it was right behind the sports book.  I'm assuming they moved it to make the traffic coming / going into the hotel more convenient, but they ruined it.  The old setup made it much more spacious.  Now, it's very crowded, as someone described kind of an afterthought.  They used to have a good balance of limit and no limit games.  I was there in October and they had one $3-$6 limit table, and was there again in December and was told it was just no-limit (didn't go to see for myself).  Service is also very slow, probably because it much further for the waitresses to walk, and also hard to maneuver between tables.
