3	If you're like me and think pizza never has enough cheese on it, then Pizza Pronto is going to be your new favorite pizza delivery place.  The dough style is American, and they have a fair selection of toppings.  I've only given them 3 stars because they did not deliver my complete order, but I'm looking forward to giving them another try to bump it up to 4 stars.  The pizza I got had feta and capicola, and it was really good.  The feta was plentiful and nice and salty, and the pizza has lasted me for days now!  They also serve hoagies, salads, pasta dinners, wings, burgers and calzones.  Enjoy!
2	The pizza has too much cheese, is too greasy, and is not great. The gyro is average to good. The burgers were surprisingly good for a pizza delivery place. Better than a lot of delivery pizza in the area, but nothing special.
3	Pizza Pronto has an extremely misleading name. I am giving a good review but it's not due to the pizza, which I think is honestly sub par. I like the Gyros, but I have seen them underpreform as well. What pizza pronto does extremely well is any thick pasta dish. If it involves cheese, sause and pasta, the chances are that pizza pronto does it exceedingly well. Their "Classic Meat Lasanga" was fanatastic but sadly they stopped making it. Give it a try, it's not very expensive.
4	Very good pizza. Its not the best pizza I've ever had, but its good for Oakland fare. I've had a few pizzas from here; all were good. I've had the steak hoagie. It was good, but could've used some more flavor. The wings are the best I've had in Oakland. I got them once with the BBQ sauce. They were meaty and crispy.
3	My wife and I occasionally order from Pizza Pronto, but we've learned to only order the gyro.  There are much better places in Pittsburgh to order a pizza, but Pizza Pronto's gyro sandwiches are clearly made from freshly-sliced gyro meat, unlike the frozen/pre-cooked stuff you get at some other gyro joints, and they taste awesome.  Pizza Pronto also has a pretty big delivery area, so that definitely works in its favor, too.
3	Just an OK pizza.
4	awesome wings
2	the hummus was meh, but the gyro was good.
5	Love their wings!  Also; the chicken salad and gyros are very good, this is the only place I order from anymore in Oakland!
5	We ordered from this place for our Sunday Steelers party. We ordered pizza and wings specials. The pizza was great and the wings sauce that we tried was amazing. We will definitely order from them again.
