5	I have been frequenting Wild Roots since it opened. (And following my fave hair maven since before she worked here!) The salon itself is very bright and open. Modern, colorful, classy and clean. Complimentary coffee, tea and water, as per usual. Tons on magazines to browse for coif inspiration. It can trend a little bit on the pricey side, but be savvy about what you want and how to package it. And don't cheap out on the tip! These ladies and gents deserve it!I can't review this place without mentioning my absolute savior of hair, Brook. She's an amazing stylist that does a bang up job interpreting what you want based on a picture or even a couple buzz words (layering, fringe, chunky funky bangs). She has never failed to shape my 'do into a mini masterpiece. She has an uncanny knack for matching highlights and base tones to compliment your natural complexion, but is equally as talented at throwing traditional out the window and embracing some funky color--without slipping into clownish. Her demeanor is always bubbly and bright and she really gets to know her regulars well, not just what they like done to their hair but what's going on in their life. (Also, her mini scalp massage is to die for!)Brooke's also great at elaborate updos for that special occasion and makes her own hair flowers and jewels to adorn your coif. She will even be doing my sister's wedding hair in April! Did a quick run through a couple months back before my sis tried on dresses and her hair looked resplendent! Brook and the entire staff of Wild Roots will pamper you and leave you feeling like a million bucks! Give it a whirl if you live in the area! (And even if you don't, like me!)
5	Dynamic. Beautiful. Fun. My hair looks absolutely amazing. I used to go to Brook e for my hair several years ago but lost touch with her. Finally, I found her thanks to the post on Yelp. She is great at what she does. I have very long dyed black hair. She was able to bring in some bright red color to my black hair. She went the extra step by adding a glaze to help lock in the color. On top of it by looking at my hair she suggested that I do not need a cut and was able to save me some money. I was so impressed. My experience with Brooke has been through many phases of color from blonde to brunette to black to red. She knows how to use color to bring out the best for me. In addition, she works to not damage my hair more than necessary by over processing and such. If you are looking for a great stylist get in touch with Brooke. You will be so impressed.
4	Brook was great! She was not only good at what she does, but she made me feel very comfortable. It was like getting my hair cut by my sister, minus ending up with a strange bowl cut ;)Brook schedules her own appointments & accepts text requests. She had me at 'text' :D  623-680-7289
5	Great salon in the northwest valley! Very open and spacious, everyone is very friendly every time I've been in there. Easy access off the 101 & Union Hills.
5	I've been coming to the Wild Roots Salon for a few years now and have always had Isaac cut my hair. He has always done a great job and is also a wonderful person.  I recently tried to make an appointment though and found out that the number has been disconnected.  I haven't driven by yet to see if they are in fact closed but there was no forwarding number so I'm incredibly bummed. Guess I've got to find a new salon.
5	Wild Roots Salon has moved just across the parking lot. Their new phone number is 623-363-3708
