5	Grand opening tonight. Cute place and the food was terrific!
5	Awesome Food, great prices, and best service in town.  Truly they make you feel very special dining there.   All drinks made fresh, try the mojitos  :)  To top it off have a chocolate kiss or a churro, they are outstanding :)  Located in Town Square.
4	This spot is not right down in the Strip... My guess it will be more locals, and shoppers as the restaurant is located in the very nice Town Square (http://www.townsquarelasvegas.com/)About the Restaurant:Mojitos... Great.Tapa style plates.... Great. I tried: The Ceviche: Lychee/lime/lavenderThe flatbread pizza: Grilled Chicken/mango/cilantro/queso blancoThe Mac & Cheese: with Habaner jace (my favorite)The Lamb Chops: with mint chimichurri (okay, also my favorite)Tried two of the three desserts: Bread Pudding with banana/rum sauce and the Chocolate Kiss, with Chipolte Foam... was not a fan of the foam...Service was outstanding, this was the second night they were open... so i hope they keep this up. Very friendly. Atmosphere was nice/modern/chic, I could use a brighter candle on the table... i had to use my iphone for light to read the menu... but they noticed right away, and said they would be working on it.
5	We hit this place really late, sometime after 11PM.  Prior to that, we were at the Blue Martini, so this place was a real nice break from speakers that 'go to eleven'...Not a lot of people here but it's only been open a few weeks; hopefully that changes.  The bartender's were great!  Awesome mojitos and really great food.We had the chicken skewers, meatballs and churros.  Everything was really flavorful and unique.  The bartenders were extremely nice and friendly.  I wish I remembered her name but she was gorgeous!A really nice break from the usual 'Strip' stuff.
5	Cana - a literal translation from Spanish would be "Cane"... as in Sugar Cane. This IS they reason why you would go here! As you approach the front entrance of Cana, you'll be greeted by a couple of fine-lookin' and friendly hostesses who will escort you down a corridor with a Wine display along the whole length of the corridor... Then the aroma of Sugar Cane just envelopes you... the Sweet, Succulent, just Intoxicating scent of Sugar Cane.... Every mixed drink has Sugar Cane mixed in along with Rum... so you cannot evade Drinks mixed with Sugar Cane. Just an aside... I found out later that the restaurant produces their own Sugar Cane Syrup used for the Drinks... unlike other restaurants that uses refined Syrup.Menu - in chronological order...Guava Glazed Short Ribs (**** 1/2 $12.00) The flavor on these Ribs are of a slightly Sweet Guava Glaze... the meat melts in your mouth ( I am not kidding! )... When we divided the dish between my partner and myself, the meat interior was a perfectly cooked Medium to Medium Rare with it being on the Medium Rare side. If anything... the Short Ribs could have been Spicier, but that's an attribute that is not found in a Spanish derived entree... Maybe, it's my Mexican foodie hot-as-hell influence...Lamb Chops in a Mint Chimichurri (***** $14.00) Probably the best overall value among the Bocadillos (translated to Small Plates) served in Cana. Three Lamb Chops, like the Short Ribs, cooked to a Medium to Medium Rare consistency with a line of Mint Chimichurri along the length of the white ceramic plate. A very fine value.... I just had this recently in California at an upscale Mexican restaurant... same price with only two cuts of Lamb Chops. I was thinking while I ate.... this should be more in line if priced at $16.00 for the plate...Overall, I like how the Meat is prepared at Cana... with just enough Fat left on the Meat, whether it be the Short Ribs or Lamb Chops to provide some tenderness and flavor.... especially FLAVOR!Scallop Ceviche with Mango, Pomegranate Seeds, and Mint (***** $12.00) On a rectangular ceramic plate you'll receive very fresh and tender Sliced Scallops along the length of the plate, with chunks of Mango and Pomegranate Seeds sprinkled on the Scallop Slices. This Ceviche, which was the only one I ordered (because my partner has an aversion to Seafood - Dang It!) was the most visually appealing entree amongst those ordered last night. With the exception of one person who I can't name right now... I can't think of anyone that will NOT be satisfied with this Ceviche!Beef Empanadas with Piquillo Pepper and Avocado Crema (***** $10.00) Actually, the Empanadas came out later than the next entry... and I'll tell you why the review for the Empanadas came first... Literally, an Empanada can be defined as a Stuffed Bread or Pastry... and Cana's version tends more towards the Pastry attribute. The neutrality of the Pastry Shell was so delicate and flaky and soft that the whole Empanada just melted in your mouth. Reminded me of a Pastry I would find at a Bakery or at a Chinese Dim Sum restaurant. .... It IS that Soft and Delectable!Corn Dogs - Chorizo with a Tangerine / Habanero Mustard (*** 1/4 $10.00) Probably the most disappointing Bocadillo ordered. The Empanada, which came after the Corn Dog... had me wishing that the Pastry Crust around the Empanada also surrounded the Corn Dog. I did not order this... blame it on my partner....The Chorizo with the Patry Crust would sound dang fine right about now...Yucca Fries with Garlic Aioli (**** $6.00) How can you say.... Spanish GARLIC FRIES! That's what this entree is! But, the Garlic is in the Aioli Dip not on the Fries itself. Very attractive presentation in a metal paper-lined Belgian Fries-like container.After conversing with the waiter, Jason, it's recommended that one consume this Bocadillo within five or six minutes as the Yucca hardens rather quickly. Jason stated that the Chef was seriously considering taking this off the menu because of that. My opinion, if it matters is.... just warn the customers beforehand... If this matters, Yucca is often compared to Viagra... not kidding! Keep it on the menu just for that!Mango Mojito (***** ???) This Mojito was the most authentic I've had. I come from a very small town... and none of my previous experiences with Mojito ever tasted this good. Contained the required Mint Leaves... about four or five, and the slices of Lime. I could have consumed a half-dozen of these babies....Sweet Tea (***** ???) Cana's version of Long Island Iced Tea... As everyone probably knows by now... Long Island Ice Tea is the "Every Liquor, including the Kitchen Sink" of Mixed Drinks. But, Cana's version, of course, includes Rum and the obligatory Sugar Cane. Summary: Fine looking staff - men and women with great views of the Town Center Courtyard. Don't bring your Mexican cuisine, Chili based prejudices to Cana.Special Request: Mai-Tais made from Sugar Cane!
1	I'm surprised this place is getting such great ratings. They market themselves as a ceviche place, and the ceviche is terrible. This was my experience. I called in the afternoon to make a dinner reservation, and I was told I don't need one. Should've been a red flag. After much persistance, I convinced the host to just reserve me a table anyway. When I arrived, my party wasn't there yet, so I took my table because the bar was full. I wasn't offered a beverage for quite some time. When my friends arrived, they received warm water with no ice in a sticky glass. My sangria took a very long time to make. We ordered 3 dishes after waiting quite some time for our waitress. After about 20 minutes, the waitress told us that the chef had just informed her they were out of salmon... We were starving! Did she wait 20 minutes to put in the order? People around us were getting food. The first dish to arrive was mini chorizo corn dogs. Flavor was terrible, no spice at all. The texture was even worse. Next we received the item that we substituted for the salmon, which was a crab ceviche. Completely over salted, and was more like tuna than crab. Finally our 3rd dish arrived, the hirame ceviche. When the waitress described it to us, she mentioned it was the special of the night which came with a salad. There was no salad. No greens. Nothing. This one was at least slightly tasty compared to the others, but it wasn't amazing. I contemplated dessert, but couldn't justify giving this establishment another cent. I was very glad that some of the people I was planning to dine with couldn't make it. I would hate for them to suffer through this meal. It was awful. Service - poor, food - poor, drinks - poor. I will say, however, that the place is decorated nicely. Wouldn't be bad to stop in for a beer before or after a movie. I just wouldn't eat. Not sure this place will stay open long, it was pretty empty when we went, and, in the words of the hostess, reservations aren't really needed.
2	Well, don't go hungry. Me and 8 of my friends went here for girls night. The point is share the food tapas style but when you get tiny morsels of food (from $12+ a plate) its barely enough for one person to enjoy. (4 pieces of fish the size of quarters is $16??) Please. The service was good, and the ambiance is contemporary and inviting, however it's not the kind of place to indulge in, just feeling like snacking and paying $70 a person for basically an appetizer. If you feel like a tapas style night, there are a half dozen other places I could would rather go.
5	My new favorite bar /hangout spot in the city of Las Vegas ! I know everyone on Yelp is obsessed with Firefly, but I can now confidently say I much prefer Cana! Before I get onto the main review, a few reasons why this place kicks Firefly's butt:*Well crafted, DELICIOUS drinks. I know we all love those sugary mojitos at Firefly, but the flavorings are all just powders and artificial. The fruit mojitos here are muddled with real fresh fruit - they used a half pint of blueberries on one freaking mojito that I watched them make! I much prefer real fruit to powdered mixes, but to each his own.*Service is exponentially better. The bartenders will actually take the time to get to know you and make sure you love your drink. My mojito gets thrown at me with no hello at FireFly*Atmosphere. I love the sexy lounge/patio they have going! Happy hour is till 7, instead of ending at 6 PM like it does on FF on Paradise. --------------------------I've said it once and I'll say it again - the drinks are awesome and they are why I come here. The mojitos are muddled with fresh fruit, and they have some awesome martinis. I do have to give the edge to Firefly on the sangria, however. They only have one kind at Cana and it's just oK.We've tried half the menu and love nearly everything we've tried. I think the low point is sadly  the ceviche. We tried their best selling yellowtail ceviche and while it was fresh, I don't like their funky new style. If I want ceviche I want small pieces of fish, not 4 huge ugly slabs. It was sloppy and uninspired imo.On the flip side, we really loved the beef empanadas. They aren't traditional, but wow the puff pastry dough is good. The mac and cheese is great as are the sliders. The flat breads and shrimp are both great and hearty portions to boot. I think our favorite was the short rib. A pretty damn big slab for $12 and covered in the most delicious sauce. If you're a Firefly regular - give it a try. It's more sophisticated and the drinks are way better! You might just like it .
4	Loved it! The food was a bit expensive for the amount $10 for 5 meatballs is a little much but the taste made up for it. The food was amazing, regardless of the price. The drinks were creative and fun! Great atmosphere and perfect for a nice date when you don't want to eat a huge meal.The food was extremely creative and well made. Very different from other food I've had in Las Vegas. I will definately go back again!
4	The hamachi ceviche is my favorite. The dates with goat cheese mousse were awesome too, along with the sangria. Wow. Best sangria I have ever had. We asked for the dates sans bacon and they were delicious--crisp and perfectly baked. Much better than Firefly where the dates are served soaking in a bowl of bacon grease (although I have to admit that Firefly introduced me to this dish so I shoudln't complain).The best part about my experience was the service. John is an amazing bar tender. All of the bartenders are very friendly and focused on the customer. They were genuinely interested in whether or not we liked our food and drinks. John introduced us to Cory, the owner, who is also a friendly, genuine person.  I don't think you'll find better service anywhere in Vegas, really. I have been going to Firefly for years and have never left feeling like the employees knew me or cared about my return. It's the opposite at Cana.I can't wait to go here when the weather gets nice too--large windows open up to the bar--it's a great indoor/outdoor space. Even though it was rainy and cold this Saturday, it was a fun place to be.
4	3.5 stars.  Both my wife and I wanted a small dinner and this was a perfect place to do it.  Went with the hirame ceviche which was was done w/ lavender, lychee and lime.  Interesting mix for a ceviche and tasty but I just prefer the regular stuff.  We also ordered the beef empanadas and the cuban sliders which were both very good.  While the menu was fine, my wife kinda wished there was a larger selection of stuff but it wasn't that big a deal.  Atmosphere is awesome.  Great place for drinks and this place is gonna rock when the weather gets warmer.
5	Ok here goes-  I am writing this review after my second visit to Cana.. I didn't want to spout off prematurely..We went early (I tried to bring the hubby there last week but the wait around 8pm Friday night was about 45 min.) so we didn't have any wait to get a table.  It was 5pm.  Now I am really pretty good about determining what is high quality food and drink and I am so glad to find a place that cares to creatively design and present items in BOTH categories on their menu.That's why got Cana 5 stars.. wonderful creative food items and tasty unique handcrafted cocktails.  So just go, you won't be disappointed.  I thought it was a little expensive but when I think about spending less at another place I also think about how much I loved Cana... then I just drive back to Town Square and Cana.Corey (the owner) came by and gave me some information that made me seriously consider becoming a regular. They don't have walk ins because they insist on fresh ingredients.  They make their own sugar syrup for drinks out of raw sugar vs processed.  The Pisco drinks use different brands of Pisco and he can describe the subtle flavors of each type.  It's not a franchise or corporate owned.  And the best part...wait for it..... they create specials weekly and change about a third of the menu to keep up the creativity factor.. then he brought out the chef who is young and really passionate about his creations.. THEN to top it off Corey sent out an order of the Churros (think puff pastry, crispy outside, soft inside, the best cinnamon sugar ever drizzled with a warm vanilla sauce) on the HOUSE!!! Stick a fork in me..I'm done.  Ok, not really done.Here's a list of what we tried (using the website as a reference cuz there is no way I can remember it all!).Snapper Ceviche-sour orange, lime, super fresh fishHamachi Ceviche-the yuzu really enhanced itCrab Ceviche-actually a large portion of crab that looked like all clawBig Eye Tuna Flatbread-this dish was kept simple to let us really taste the tuna and the presentation... created for sharing of course!Spinach- with garlic, lemon and maybe a little cream or something? Lemon zest on top and this was all mine.Crispy Shrimp-with a very tasty chicharron sauce which is not made with pork rinds by the way!(The first time I was there I also had the Mac and Cheese, Piggy Back Dates, Chicken Skewers, Meatballs, Cuban Sliders, the Bread Pudding, Chocolate Kiss. Nothing disappointed me..and I mean NOTHING)Unfortunately the drinks aren't on the website and now I have to try to remember the names:We had a Delicioso-with Rum and pineapple, I almost thought I tasted vanilla.  Not too sweet with a touch of lime.  MMM, I want one now!The hubby had a La Diablada with Pisco and guava..he loved it.  I think it was a bit tart for me but the fruit really melded well with the Pisco. Then I had a Watermelon Mojito..OMG! Corey sent over a Caiparinha because he said we HAD to try it... and I see why.. I like that better than the Mojito now.. The hubby had what I think was a blackberry margharita.. Tequila and Blackberries, lime, sugar syrup..sounds like a Margharita.. and one of the best we've had (Sorry T&T).  I think he had another drink but I can't remember for the life of me..Ok, so if there is any doubt left in your mind re: going to Cana.. I challenge you to go and contradict my review! So there!Or I will just see you there because I'm probably going to be hanging out on the patio a lot this summer.. :)
2	Ambiance- This place is very nice, warm and cozy. The place is dimly lit which I  am personally comfortable with. The bar area is nice and the tables are spaced evenly throughout the restaurant. Food- I came here the night before Easter Sunday. So, I was not able to try any of the meat dishes.  The food is a bit disappointing. After you have the tapas at Firefly, it is difficult  to match the quality, quantity and taste of the food. Location-The location is great. Across from Blue Martini and steps away from the movie theaters. Town square is a great location. Price- A bit on the steep side. You do not get enough bang for your buck. You cannot really expect much because of the expensive rent  these places have to pay at Town Square. Service - It is OK, nothing special. Overall- I am a bit disappointed. Maybe it is because of the Five Star ratings that this place received. I expected a lot.
4	went to cana for happy hour and they had some really good specials, $5 mojitos and beers. the mojito was EXCELLENT. we also got the mac-n-cheese with habanero seasoning, nice size portion, and it was very good. the ceviche was really good also but small portions for the price, we got the trio ceviche spicy tuna (great taste), scallop (with mango and pomegranate seeds), and the mixit (shrimp & octopus) they were each like 2 - 3 bites and it was like $30 bucks, not worth it for the price!!!if you like sangria they have a special sugar sangria that is SPECTACULAR!!!!!! will definitely go back. also a mix crowd, all ages and groups will feel at home!!
4	A friend recommended this tapas spot and I absolutely enjoyed the apps we got except for one. We ordered the meatballs, hamachi, beef tenderloin, calamari and they were all great. We also ordered the Cevichi mushrooms but that was the only fail out of the things we ordered cuz it was very citrusy and a bit sour so we had it sent back and the waitress recommended the spicy tuna and it was very good!Met the General Manager and he hooked it up with their special dessert that evening which was with ice cream, fried bananas and chocolate and like some waffle haha, IT WAS AWESOME!It was a bit pricey for the portions that came out but its a nice place to take a date out to and the atmosphere was really chill... Over all I was pretty impressed myself... I would highly recommend this place as a date spot! :)
2	I was a bit disappointed with this place. A bunch of us girls decided to go for happy hour and it was just a huge let down. First of all, only certain drinks and food are happy hour priced. Why would we want to come here, when Blue Martini is next door with happy hour on everything?! We decided on a pitcher of the Sugarcane Sangria. The server told us that it was cheaper getting the pitcher, but beware this is full price during happy hour. We also ordered the Mac and Cheese and the Chicken Empanada (this is not a HH item). I thought both were decent, but I definitely would say I wasn't impressed. Overall, I felt disappointed and we left to go to finish Happy Hour at Blue Martini.
2	Last night was my second time trying Cana, and quite frankly its not worth the money. My boyfriend and I got a pitcher of mojiots, empanadas, and a sorry excuse for a flatbread which was basically three slices of pita bread with a little smudge of melted cheese in the center... no sauce, no flavor. This cost us $75 after tip. We left still starving after a day of laying by the pool in the sun, and grumpy for wasting money. The only reason I gave two stars as opposed to one, is because I saw the bartender totally hook it up in our pitcher of mojito. He probably used half the bacardi bottle on us. But, needless to say, we met up with friends right after this, and immediately walked over to Brio for some hearty pasta, breads, and salads. Seriously, go to Firefly if you want tapas, this place is only good for drinks.
3	Cana has some tasty food, but it is expensive.  Most dishes hover right above $10, and the portions certainly do not match what you're paying for.  Last night was my third visit here, and each time I've been sure to stop by during happy hour.  Happy hour is from 5pm-7pm daily and gets you the following items at discount price (discount prices are listed below, and are approx. ~50% off full price, plus or minus $1):Beef Empanadas, $6.00 - It's alright.  Ground beef with some veggies inside pastry bread.  I'll eat it but it's not my first choice.  Comes with two empanadas, each cut in half.Mac & Cheese, $4.00 - This is some tasty mac & cheese, using white cheese, cheddar cheese and some habanero.  The kick from the habanero makes this something that I would order every visit.  Portion is good for two, maybe three less-hungry people.Cuban Sliders, $6.00 - These are delicious little burgers!  Made with ground pork, with a little ham thrown on top just because.  They've been juicy and full of flavor every time I've ordered these (which happens to be every time I've been here).  Order comes with three sliders, which are small to begin with.  Not worth full price.Crispy Shrimp, $6.00 - Yes, it is pieces of shrimp.  Yes, it was probably crunchy at some time with some sort of breading.  But no, it is not crispy when it arrives.  Last night was the first time I ordered it, and the sauce it comes with (panko?) made the shrimp soggy.  It had a citrus flavor and wasn't bad, but I can't see myself ordering it again.  Portion was decent enough for two to share.Chicken Skewers, $? - The fifth and final food item on the happy hour menu.  The menu is small to begin with, and only five items are offered with happy hour pricing!  I *think* I had this during a previous visit but I'm not sure.  I didn't order it last night.Sangria, $5.00 - I think there were a couple varieties offered during happy hour, each being $5.00.  It's not my favorite drink so I didn't order.During my visits it seems that on average people are paying roughly $15-$20 per person depending on who gets drinks.  When I go to Firefly with a group it's usually about $20 per person and the food is tastier, with more generous portions.  Cana's food is good from what I've tasted so far, but the prices are scaring me off from trying the other items, no matter how good they look.
4	Great sangria, and the sliders are tasty!!Good place to hang out, just a little pricey. Hit it up at happy hour.
5	So, this was like our 10th time going to Cana (in what I thought was 6 months but is really 2) and I have to say I have not been disappointed yet.  The drinks are consistent, the food is so fresh and flavorful..each and every time!  The weather is warming up so we are definitely looking forward to some warm nights on the patio.  They have a little lounge patio area with a few cushy seats that almost seems like my own private little living room.  Perfect!This visit Cory (owner) stopped by the table and he gave us some previews of drinks he is creating for the summer menu. (Which by the way is a selling point to this ADHD foodie...new stuff on the menu is a big plus)  I can't talk too much about the spicy, savory, tasty drinks we tried but let's just say one of them bit me!  There is also a new Sangria on the menu which is so refreshing and not too sweet.  Made with a Malbec and citrus juices (and Bacardi O) it is going to be the perfect complement to a warm Vegas breeze, swaying palm trees and ceviche.  Speaking of ceviche we tried the Mushroom Ceviche.  I think it was made with Beech Mushrooms.  Those were new for me.  They were soaking in a citrus marinade that made raw mushrooms absolutely tasty.  We also had the Spicy Tuna Ceviche and the Mixto made with shrimp, scallops, and calamari (they have an 'choose 3' offer that we couldn't resist).  The 3 of those along with the Hamachi was almost enough for us.  But even before the ceviches were ordered I could smell the aroma of truffle coming from the table next to us (and NO I am not sick of truffles yet)...so what did we have to try? The new Truffle Chips.  Um, HELLO, I need a whole bag of those right now!  Thin crispy waffle cut potato chips with grated parmesan and truffle oil.  You know how some of us like the really brown potato chips and pick them out of the bags? Well, these chips were like those on steroids.  I think I ate them all, but sorry, my eyes were closed and I was in Heaven so I don't really remember.Things to try: the Watermelon Ginger Margharita, the new Sangria, and the freakin' awesome Truffle Chips!And thanks Cory and GM (Ben I think?) for making our visit so entertaining, educational and above all...FUN!
4	A friend and I went to dinner here, and while the experience was brief, and the conversation was enjoyable and longer than the meal, I had a good time.I didn't try much of their menu, save for their beef empenadas.  I found them to be tasty and well cooked.  Since I stuck with that, the pricing was respectable.  I had also tried their "Fire Water" drink based off the name alone, and I found it to be enjoyable as well.  A bit of a small glass, but the flavor was good.I don't want to rate it any higher on the grounds that I only had one menu and drink selection, and they were more of a quick snack than a full meal, but my friend and I enjoyed our individual meal selections, and the overall vibe and view were pleasant.Perhaps in returning at a later time, I'd be able to make a more concrete decision on where I want to place my enjoyment factor, but the first impression was pleasant enough to want to check it out again.
1	I went for happy hour (5-7pm) on a Sunday Night. The sugarcane sangria is delicious($5 on happy hour). The original Mojito on the other hand was not! I had the habanero pepper jack and cheese, it was VERY SMALL and tasted not too much different than Kraft Mac&Cheese. I heard a lot about "TRUFFLE CHIPS" but all I could taste was the truffle oil. The ceviche was okay but overpriced. Overall, the restaurant is beautiful and the patio is great as it looks over townsquare park. I would possibly go back for sangria but nothing else... Definitely not a place to enjoy a nice meal or even some appetizers with a drink.
1	This review is not about the food but about the hosts. We went in for an early dinner. As we arrived, we are told by the hostess that we cannot be seated inside since the place was booked by a very large group. I asked if there was a comfortable area outside since I was still cold from seating outside in the shade on a very windy day at Blue Martini. We're told not to worry since we'd be sheltered from the wind. We get outside and we asked to sit at the only table located in the sun. As we are looking at the menu and finally warm up, the hostess comes back to our table and asked us to move to another table in the shade since apparently, the table in the sun is going to be used by the big party. Which by the way, we have yet seen. We decided to leave. Very unhappy. We ended up going to Nu right downstairs and were seated on the patio right next to a very pretty and warm fire pit.
5	I recently revisited Cana and I'm glad I gave them a second chance.  I was very impressed with the waiter and the owner who were so welcoming and impressive with telling of what they enjoyed and the care that went into food preparation.I had far more food that I normally do but was glad I tried out so many things.  I'll list it out since my eyes were very hungry that night.:Hamachi - fresh and zestyDuck Empanada - delicious unique butter crust and sweet to biteMac N Cheese - so bad for you but so good when it hits your lipsCalamari - crispy and peppery and using the dipping sauce really adds to the flavorPork Chops - Loved the marinade, tender, and full of flavorBread Pudding - This hit all my senses as soon as it hit the table and really lived up to expectationsChurros - Best churro I've ever had, arrived warm and hot and the glaze just really made the flavor jump in you mouth.My friend had the white wine sangria and was very satisfied which is quite the compliment since she's very discerning.  I had a faux-jito, which was equally flavorful and fun.  Overall it was a great experience, nice ambiance, great service, and a welcome spot for friends, dates, and even business dinners.
3	Nice, vibrant environment.  The server was very friendly in telling us what we should try and most were accurate. Everyone raves about the pork sliders, but we found them to be very dry...needed a little more mustard or BBQ sauce in my opinion (cough cough...another drink please!). Maybe that was their intent...Drinks were great as she made sure we never ran dry.  Only bizzare area was going to the bathrooms.  There was a 16 year old texting on his phone when I entered the omni-sexual configured bathroom.  Felt strange, like he was supposed to be my wiper. Bizzare.Overall, great place!
3	overpriced tapas.  Compared to Firefly they can't hold a candle to it.The only redeeming food they have is the mushroom ceviche. That was delicious but, so itty bitty for $8.If the happy hour is cheap I'll go check it out and give them a star if it's a good deal.Remember, we are in a recession.
2	Really wanted this to be a great place.Sure looks good inside & I have to say the service was great. However I found the food way over priced and the portions small (Yeah I know Tapas are small plates) but from $12-$14 give me some meat. Drinks were tasty & I enjoyed the white sangria over the red but again pricey. Nothing really blew my top which is sad and I don't think I will be back I'm sorry to say. Lower your price or increase the portion size. I'm not cheap by any means.
4	Food was delicious, every item we had was fantastic. Took a while for the food to get to our table, and when it was busy we didn't see our server for about 25 minutes but it didn't ruin the experience. Overall I would recommend this place.
5	Recently got to try this place out. I always end up comparing Tapas restraunts to Firefly because Firefly is so good and I love going there. For example, when I went to Johnny Smalls in the Hard Rock it was a huge dissapointment. So much more expensive and not half as good as Firefly. SO when I sat down at Cana I thougt I would end up dissapointed again..it was the complete opposite of a let down. I loooved this place and it was not as annoyingly busy and loud as Firefly. We got spicy tune ceviche..amazing especially with the chip thingys they bring out with it, beef emenadas..the crust is super flaky and yummy, mac n cheese..SO good and surprisingly spicy, and the meatballs. Oh, and of course, a pitcher of Sangria..the red one. Our waiter even gave us a sample of the white sangria which was also good but we were all more into the red. I can't wait to go back here and try some more things on their menu!
4	Went here on a Friday night- very nice vibe, sangria and mojito were yummy (should've listened to our waitress and got a pitcher for $28 since we ended up ordering that much in drinks anyways!)We liked the decor and feel of the restaurant- made us kinda feel like we were back home in SF at the XYZ Bar at the W Hotel.  We ordered beef tenderloin, lamb chops, mac n cheese and halibut ceviche.The beef tenderloin was good, portion was fine for the two of us.  The mac n cheese was REALLY good.  The lamb chops were perfectly cooked and great flavor.  The ceviche was fresh and came with a shot glass of sauce that you can put the halibut in or on.Overall, service was good we would come back for happy hour next time since we ended up spending a little over $100 for two...
5	My review is a little late coming but I really enjoyed Happy Hour when I was in Las Vegas for the final days of my campaign.  My work colleague and i decided to try Cana because of the 1/2 off mojitos.  I probably could have drank like 10 of them.  I tried the strawberry, original, cucumber mojitos.  DELICIOUS!  I had two strawberry.The small plates were also delectable.  Each had their own personality.  And we even ordered the churros for desert.  The waitress was awesome and one of the chefs even dropped by.  If I ever go back to vegas, I will definitely hit it up again.
3	First time here. Decided to eat with friends after watching Harry Potter.  Cana Latin Kitchen bar dishes are served just like Firefly restaurant, in small servings so one dish will not fill you up. It's set that way so you can have the opportunity to taste other things on the menu without getting full.Stepping inside, the atmosphere was dark and intimate, a good place to take out a date to talk and drink wine together. The LCD tv at the center of the bar kind of ruins that mood a bit though. Monday night football was on and no one was really paying attention to it because everyone was involved in their own intimate private conversation and having one tv in this type of setup just doesn't blend in well.Despite having only one server that night, she was very attentive to everyone inside. I'll give the service a good review. I ordered the mixto ceviche (shrimp, scallop and calimari). The tortilla came separate with it which were served in potato chips size pieces.  Taste was ok but thats because I prefer my ceviche with a heavy lime taste.  I also ordered the fish taco which came in 3 small pieces.  I tasted my friends tuna ceviche too which I recommend to anyone that comes here. It was the best dish we had on our table.So if you're ever around town square at night and on a movie date, stop by this place after. Great way to end a night if you don't feel like partying in the neighboring bars and just in a mood to have a quiet place to eat and have a conversation.
2	I really, really, really wanted Cana's to be amazing and give me a new place to go for tapas...Fail.I went with a friend and sat at the bar to eat. We had to get the bartender's attention after being seated for about 5 mins, he was busy chatting with a friend at the other end of the bar. We ordered cocktails and our food, we ordered their Meatballs, Spring Rolls, Mac & Cheese, and the Dates. We ordered these because they're are favorites from Firefly so we could compare. And we thusly found out there was no comparison. Cana's offerings were ok, but nothing outstanding. The food really felt like someone was reading receipts out of a cookbook and attempting to add their own "flair". And along with the mediocre food was the mediocre bartender, he literally left us with empty glasses for 10mins until we could get ahold of his bar back and had him actually make us drinks. Firefly is still the king of Tapas Eateries in Las Vegas for me, Cana's was a disappointment.
3	I'm extremely optimistic that this place will earn 5 stars on my next visit when I intend to order off their regular menu!My father and I arrived for happy hour at 6 and were told it had just ended! Luckily the cordial manager Mike let us indulge in happy hour since their yelp ad lists happy hour from 4-7pm.First off, their happy hour prices are so inexpensive!! I posted pictures of the menus- beer $3, Cocktails 4.50, and a glass of wine for $3.50? Absolutely awesome.The watermelon gazpacho was pleasing, but the flavours weren't really intermingled well. One bite would be incredibly delicious, and the next sort of bland. I definitely wouldn't write it off though.Our cocktails were the highlight; my father had Fire Water which was a really unique concoction that included Ctristal Aguardiente, a Columbian liquor. The Diablo Dulce was exactly that, spicy and sweet- and utterly satisfying. The Sugarcane sangria was really good, and really sweet; I asked our waitress and from her description of its ingredients, -maybe it should be called High Fructose Corn Syrup Sangria. Sierra Mist is the contributing sweetness : /There was also an interesting selection of South American Beers!Their Hamachi Tiradito was a winner, and entirely cooked as opposed to raw. Raw might have been more delicious, but sashimi isn't exactly tapas.
4	Ate here on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Nice easygoing ambiance with bold yet comforting modern decor of reds/browns/and touches of green. Attentive service and delicious tapas dishes. Highly recommend the Spicy Tuna Ceviche and the Cuban Sliders. Note: check-in on 4square for a drink special !
3	Had some time before a movie so we decided to try something other than our usual American fare at Town Square and Cana looked intrigueing.  Small plates of food give more chances to taste something different.Order was:Hamachi Chicken EmpanadasBeef EmpanadasChicken SkewersPiggy Back DatesCrispy ShrimpFish TacosShort Rib TacosThe Empanadas and Piggy Back Dates were the best things out of the selections.  I would come back just for those.  Everything else was ok but I wasn't feeling the Short Rib.Cool place to try if you're looking for something a little different from Yardhouse or Cadillac Ranch.
3	Since we had time to kill before a flick we decided to eat here.  After all, tapas is a nice way to eat lots without feeling like a pig.  We ordered a plethora of dishes, and I have to say that this place is pretty good, but not great.  The only thing I really loved were their short rib tacos, but the meat was overpowered by some serious guava jelly.  if they just held back a bit on the jelly, that dish would bump my review up to a 4 star.  I did break a glass on my way out, but they were nice about it.  I can't say much about this place because the dishes were pretty but not memorable, with the exception of their short rib taco.  Would I go back?  Maybe.  I'll give it 6 months.
3	First, it is dark and you can't tell if it is even still in business when we were walking up. They need some sort of sign of life out front. We went here on a week night thinking it was Happy Hour menu. There were 3 of us. We ordered a ton of food wanting to try it all. And thinking Happy hour pricing. The server was training someone. You could tell they had both been drinking already. There were 3 tables in the restaurant and it was freezing in there. I wore my winter coat through the whole meal and still my teeth were chattering. The dynamic duo weren't sure if the the Beef Tenderloin Tiradito was available. We ordered Ceviche, tuna, dates, sliders, and short ribs, plus the beef tenderloin which we did not know if it was coming or not until it arrived. Usually tapas comes a few things at a time. Here it took forever and then BAM, it was all on the table. I have to say everything was delicious. I refused to share the beef tenderloin. The Sangria was very good too. After we ate we couldn't take anything as it doesn't travel well. So, don't overorder. The check came and we were surprised at the amount. My daughter had just been there the week before and they had Happy hour pricing at the time we were there. We asked the waitress what was going on with the check. She gave a long winded story about new specials and hours for Christmas shoppers. And went on forever, about lunch specials. Finally, we think she said they had changed the Happy Hours and we had missed it by 5 minutes. I know, we should have asked. But it is also good customer service to say "sorry you just missed Happy Hour". Especially since it changed from the previous week. We would have ordered the same anyway. It's the point that of all the 1000's of places in Vegas, we went there for food and Happy Hour. I am undecided if I will return. The service is the lowest. But the food is really good. For sure it won't be until summer. I hate eating in a winter coat. Maybe by summer they will have better service and people watching?
4	6 of us came out here tonight, a Monday night for happy hour, and we were happy.  We sat out on the patio to enjoy the nice night and because they only allowed happy hour specials at the bar/patio.  However, we would rather sit out there because it was just too dark in the dining area.These are the tapas we ordered:-Mac and cheese with the habenero:  We all liked this very much that we  doubled the initial quantity.  The habenero gave this tapa a lil kick and was a wonderful compliment.-Beef empanadas-this was everyone's favorite.  Was light and fluffy with ground beef and other spices in the middle...yum-Chicken empanada-not as good as the beef empanadas, but is aight.-Spicy tuna ceviche-one of us doesn't eat sushi/sashimi, but she thought this was delicious.  I honestly thought it was a bit too fishy while everyone else liked it.-Hamachi tiradito-the citrus brought out the flavor of this fish.  Was light and refreshing.  Was one of everyone's favorite.-Cuban Sliders-ham on top of pork, was kinda boring to me.  I like cuban sandwiches when there is a dipping sauce.  This one doesn't come with a dipping sauce.-Crispy Shrimp-one said that this reminds her of honey walnut shrimp, I didn't care too much for it.  The shrimps were tiny.-Beef taco-Better than the fish, not as good as the chicken taco.  The portion seem to be tiny for the amount of pickled cabbage given.-Chicken taco-Taste the best out of the three kinds of taco.  The pickled purple cabbage and a slice of jalapeno tasted very good with this chicken taco.-Fish taco-least favorite...the fish was BORING.  Didn't taste like much.-Churros-Everyone loved this desert.  It was so soft and fluffy, with a nice vanilla sauce (I think) drizzled on top of it.  Not a typical churro that one would get at El Pollo Loco, which I like too btw.Sopapillas-Eh.  Whatevers.  A rectangular baked dough on a dish of honey and powdered sugar.  Sugarcane sangria-This was GOOD.  Even for non-drinkers as myself.  Was very fruity with fruit pulp.  Blackberry mojito-Was on the tart side.  No one liked this pitcher very much...So, happy hour is definitely the time to go to try out many different tapas and drink the sugarcane sangria.  I will come back!
4	I love Cana's mojitos which are muddled with fresh fruit and real sugar cane. I've also tried the caparinha which is also really good. Every time my friends and I come here, we either get the empanadas, beef tenderloin, slider dogs, classico ceviche, tuna ceviche, or the fish tacos.Happy Hour prices are amazing. You can eat pretty well for fairly cheap. The service has ALWAYS been excellent here.
4	I'm not sure if I'd give this place 4 stars or 3 stars. I really wish we could do 1/2 stars. Went here for DINNER last night with some friends. Ambiance: low lighting, dark woods, modern feel, one big open room with tables plus outdoor patio seating which looked like it would be a great way to go in the Fall and Spring... they had cool (I thought they were cool) paper-like, scrunched lanterns hanging from the ceiling Menu: 2-page menu.... 1-page for drinks and 1-page for food What's cool is that they keep it simple but it's not a far reaching menu like some other tapas places I've been to... and if you're vegetarian this is NOT the place for you... I think there were 2 items on the menu that did not have meat or were meat based Downside: (and this is why I'd give them 3 stars) they were out of a number of items - out of all but 2 wines - out of 2 of the 8 beers - out of the short rib tacos and some other dish that I can't remember Taste: Excellent... everything we ordered was very tasty and well executed with a flair for presentation. Note: the portions are not super big.... so each plate is good for 2 people... we often ordered multiples. Enjoyed the Tuna Ceviche... Chicken Empanadas (now these were on the big side).... Chicken Tacos... Fish Tacos... Crispy Shrimp Dessert: WOW! If you like bread pudding... or even if you are just mildly interested.... try their Banana Bread Pudding.... YUM! It doesn't look like much when it comes out... but then you take a bite. Oh MY! :) We also ordered the Churros which were more like Cinnamon twists.. nevertheless... very good as well and I dipped the churros in the sauce the BBP came in... oh Yea! Service: Our waiter was cool.... super busy as it seemed like he was only 1 of 2 guys taking care of all the tables and it was a pretty busy night... almost all the tables were filled plus a big party of 10 The hostess was ... I guess... I'd say indifferent... she wasn't mean but she wasn't friendly either so.... Drinks: I ordered the raspberry mojito... and to me ... it was way too sweet... I personally think it needed more rum and less sugarcane but that's me. Plus they muddled the heck out of it so that there weren't pieces of fruit swimming around as I had expected... I like the chunks of fruit in my muddled mojito... I know... I'm strange. The white sangria however was FABULOUS... it too was sweet but in a different way. I know... that doesn't make sense... so let's just say this drink would be perfect for sitting by the pool .... refreshing and delightful. All in all... we'll go back... it's different from the norm and I want to try their Red Sangria.
5	Oh, Cana...how I LOVE thee...I'm telling you, every thing about this place is amazing.  Not only the food is delicious, the drinks are unique and yummy, the decor is modern and comfortable, and the staff is very helpful when it comes to explaining the menu and giving suggestions.I was introduced to this place in November 2010 and have been there 6 times.  This says a lot, because my boyfriend and I eat out often and it's hard to find a place that makes me want to come back time after time.  Cana's tapas are ALL delicious.  Beef empanadas, halibut, tuna ceviche, tacos, CHURROS!!  Oh my goodness, I need to go there for dinner!  LOL!Anyways, their drinks are also amazing.  Fresh sugarcane...lime...DELICIOUS and consistently good every time!!Cana truly is a gem!  Go!  Now...do it.
3	We were a little skeptical at first - was told we were limited to the (small) lunch menu. However our server asked the chef who agreed to let us order from the dinner menu if there was something we were interested in (our group of 5). Ceviche-tapas style items were all very good and we were quite pleased. We stayed inside because it was a bit cold outside, but the view (of Townsquare) from the deck looked nice. We would consider going back again some time (we are locals).
3	This place was great - good food, drinks (caipirinha) , happy-hour, and location.Tried to go there the other night.  Why, oh why, did it close???
5	Closed. RIP.Firefly was just too entrenched in Las Vegas...
3	Love this place!  Great food and friendly people! Wasn't as good the second time
