4	Crappy atmosphere/decor, but good food. And isn't that what matters?
4	Lady J. remarked of the, "crappy atmosphere and decor."  I disagree passionately.It's kind of dark.  Old carpet.  Wood panel walls.  Mexican rugs hung from the ceiling.  Random artwork.  Very small-town, very Arizona.  I loved it.The service?  Great!  Our waitress and no less than four other employees were very attentive.  Refills were prompt and there were smiles abound.The food?  Good, not great.  The salsa tasted a little like pizza sauce and my green chile was very runny - a personal pet peeve.  On the other hand, the rice, beans, and tortilla were exceptional.Our meal was cheap.  I'd go back.
4	Pedro's is great for Mexican style comfort food. It's a real neighborhood gem. I've loved Pedro's since the first time I tried it in 1996.  I always go in and order the green chunky beef enchiladas with rice and beans. The green chile is not hot at all and it is almost broth-like. The rice is cooked and seasoned perfectly. The service is always a little touch and go. Sometimes you find a waitress in a good mood who is attentive and then you find one that's strictly business with barely any warmth. So don't go there for hugs and kisses, just good food!Pedro's is a fixture in Glendale, and I hope it's there for many more years!
4	i've been to tons of mexican restaurants in az.  this is good, authentic food. the portions are large. the sauces are different and tasty. they have good lunch specials ranging anywhere from $5.50-$7.00. the place is very small. you could be waiting a while if it's busy. it's cramped. if you're looking more for a fancy place or large place, this isn't it. because it's so small, and when i went today it was packed, the service was very slow. but if you're looking for really good food, pedro's has it.
5	Good food for the price!
4	My family has been going to this restaurant for years.  I wouldn't classify it as traditional Mexican food, but the food and service is always good and the chips and salsa are excellent!  I tend to order the San Marcos Burrito which is like a chimichanga cover in a spicy cream sauce. The tamales are also very good, they have the standard red and sweet green corn versions, plus a unique Vegi one that has broccoli, carrots, and other things you wouldn't normally expect in tamales.  The also offer a "Mini Menu" that will save on the wallet, but is still plenty of food and have lunch specials (which are actually served till closing on Mondays)
5	This place is one of those establishments where people have been true to since childhood, me being one of them. Even will see the local celebs in there from time to time, I have personally sat next to jerry calangalo ( ex owner of az sports teams, probably not spelled correctly) and others on a few notes. They have the perfect shredded beef taco, and I also enjoy there red chile burro, so try the combo. The chips are good and come non stop, I love the spicy red sauce that comes with them, it's tasty to douse pretty much everything you get with this sauce. One not so great thing is that they charge you for every soda you drink, I drink ice tea because of this - ice tea = free refils. They have good service and whenever I come across a waitress that is lack luster, they seem to disappear by the time I make it back.  It may seem tacky in there to upscale scottsdale folk but I think it has authentic written all over it. The food will back it up, great place for you and your family, but seriously stop leaving 1 dollar tips for parties over 3, I swear the cheapskates of america frequently go to Pedro's because walking out I have seen everything from 50 cents to one dollar left as a tip. I would suggest for anyone to at least go give this place a try and come open minded. It's real good!
4	This place starts, middles, and ends with the San Marcos chicken burro. If you go to Pedro's, order it and don't agree, I will take a 50-cent piece out of my personal fortune and mail it to you*  It's got jalapeno cream cheese for Pete's sake..the burro not the 50-cent piece.  JFK didn't care for spicy dishes unless it was Rita Moreno!!!!  I'm drunk right now...drunk on how awesome the San Marcos burro is. *provided you reside within the continental U S of A. and are not currently on medication of any kind.
4	My family's been going here for years. Ask for the spicier chunky salsa! If you eat meat, get the Mini Macho (I think it's been renamed). Otherwise, their Green Corn Tamale is awesome too!
5	Hole-in-the-wall Mexican couldn't get any better. The nachos are fabuloso (the small is more than any one person can handle) and the green corn tamales are out of this world! Salsa is great, service is great (at least the times I have been there)- I highly recommend!
4	The food was good as well as the service. By making my own Hot sauce was able to get the hotness I like!!! Chips were fresh and great. The taco on the bussiness mans plate was top notch! Only thing that wasnt  top notch was the decor and the seating space.
4	Yay! Another place that provides us with free chips/salsa/hot sauce stuff when you sit down! Sweet. And that salsa is VERY good. We had to request more two times by the time we were finished chowing.Lunch is terribly busy, but they take it in stride; the service is fast and courteous.Every time I go there, even if I order a la carte, the food fills up the plate. It is pricey for lunch IMO, but I am kind of a cheapskate so take it with a grain of salt if you want. My only problem with this place is as follows: The staff does not know whether lard or animal broth is used as ingredients. So I had to gamble. I lost. The server told me to get green sauce for my burrito because the red sauce had animal broth, but the green sauce tasted like chicken. So next time I will have my burrito without chicken sauce and hopefully I won't taste it in the beans. Anyway, I will be back. Even the lardiest mexican restaurant has bona fide vegetarian food, and I have to have some more of those fabulous chips and salsa!
3	Stopped in for lunch just after 11 today.  The parking was already almost full even though there were plenty of empty tables inside.  The sign, that I didn't see for a couple of minutes, said to seat myself so I picked a table.  Just by myself I would have like a two top but all of the seating arrangements seemed to be 4-6.  The restaurant never filled up so I didn't feel bad for taking a space away.  I got a two item lunch special ($7.25) of a beef taco and a cheese enchilada with beans (I could have had rice rather than beans).  I also got a root beer ($2.05).  Most of their drinks have an extra charge for refills but this was not a small glass and was plenty.  Right after I seated myself a bowl of warm chips, a small mixing bowl, a carafe of mild salsa and a bottle of hot sauce were on the table.  It was neat being able to adjust the heat of my salsa.  The shredded beef was very tasty and the shell was thin and crisp without being hard to bit through.  I would suggest eating the tacos quickly before the shell gets soggy. The enchilada and the beans were ok.  The sauce was a bit different than some other places.The service was quick and attentive.  You can tell they are used to getting the lunch crowd in and out in a reasonable amount of time.They have a couple of other weekday lunch specials as well as some smaller appetite options of  their regular menu items that can be ordered anytime.
5	I almost hate to post this because the place is so good.I used to travel all over Az seeking out mexican food places... this is a classic 'Old School" arizona mexican resturant. They all used to be this way. I love this place!
5	I love this place! The perfect hole in the wall mexican food restaurant. I have grown up coming here and it is always DELICIOUS!! The staff is always super nice and don't get mad when you ask what something is! I cant wait to go back!
5	If you're a fan of real Mexican food, don't miss this place. And in addition to the food being awesome, the service is friendly and lightning quick, and it's so inexpensive. Pretty much the ideal lunch stop.
4	I just luv the food here..Its absolutely amzing !!! I have been here -3 times now and havent been disappointed even once...The enchilladas rock !!! They are closed on Sundays and coinsidently i always have a craving for their food on Sundays..I drive to Pedros on sunday afternoons forgetting they are closed...Thats how gud their food is !! Trust me !
2	For years I've listened to co-workers tell me how great this place is. The Yelp reviews spoke well for the place too. Where this comes from I'll never know.This weekend we went to Pedro's for the first time and I was super excited. I love Mexican food, Americanized or not. I was extremely disappointed in this place.Chips and salsa are a staple of any Mexican restaurant and they've got them here. Good sign I thought. I put some on a chip and crunched it in my mouth and was immediately disappointed. I don't know what the deal was with it but it was not good. My wife thought canned, I disagreed but whatever it was, it was sweet. Sweet salsa is no good in my book.I was skeptical at this point and we got our menus and looked them over while trying to modify the salsa to our liking. I think their food is a little pricey compared to a lot of places in town which made me even more skeptical. The waitress came and I ordered a standard staple which they called "the business man's plate" consisting of rice, beans, an enchilada and a taco.The food comes and my skepticism grows even further as my entire plate is covered in shredded cheese. Listen, I'm a semi-fat guy and I love cheese as much as anyone else but when you're using that much cheese you're trying to mask something. I look at the taco and it looks like a pre-made taco shell, like something you'd get at the grocery store but maybe a little more light and thin. I was surprised to find the taco shell wasn't too bad and the beef inside was pretty good as well. The enchilada on the other hand was crappy at best. The sauce? Not so good and the tortilla seemed undercooked. It just wasn't right. I didn't really try the beans as that's not my thing but my wife said they were sweet like the salsa. I should note the chips even seemed kind of sweet but that may have been the salsa too. The rice was the saving grace of the meal, I did indeed enjoy the rice but that's it.When we left I called my mother in-law to see if she'd ever eaten there and she said she thought it all gross as everything was sweet. I was happy to hear this as it confirmed I wasn't the only one who thought so.If I were ever in the area (not often) and jonesing for rice (pretty sure that's never happened in my life) I might consider stopping in for a pint of it to go. Otherwise I'm more than happy to never set foot in this place again.How this place has a 4 star average and so many awards hanging on their wall is beyond me.Don't believe the hype.pros:- ricecons:- overpriced- bad salsa- mediocre food- sweet beans (?)
4	If you want a great BIG plate of nachos piled high with meat/chicken, beans, real cheese, guacamole, sour cream and jalepenos...Pedros is the place.  The price may seem steep for the mini-nacho, but it easily feeds my family of 3.  It is a mountain of good food served in a fun environment.  Try it for yourself.
5	One of the best mexican places I've ever been to!!!
5	Everytime I am in town I come here with the family it is really good and I believe it is the closest to authentic mexican food that you will find in Phoenix. I live in San Diego and so far this place is right up there with a lot of the mexican food places out here. Now if only they had california burritos here we would be set.
4	A Mexican friend of mine introduced me to Pedros, saying the food was just like his mother's.  (Which could be a compliment or concern; my mom can't cook at all.  Apparently his can.)Each time I go here, I have good intentions to try something different, but I always end up getting the chicken tacos.  Sometimes I'll mix it up and get a tamale or a shrimp taco with my chicken taco, but generally... you can't go wrong with the chicken.  It is tender, and incredibly flavorful.  I wan to work here just to learn how they cook their chicken.The chips are bottomless and fresh.  The salsa is a build-your-own kind of thing: they provide the pico base, always full of fresh tomato, onion and cilatro flavor.  Then, if you like a little more spice, you can add some home-made hot sauce to taste.  And, if you're brave, you can request the chunky salsa which, if added liberally, is kicky enough to make the people a table over cry.My parents, whenever they come to town, insist on visiting Pedros.  Mom swears by the wine margaritas.  Service is always friendly and efficient; instead of one server, everyone working takes care of every table.  So your water glass doesn't stay empty long.I could go here weekly, and never get tired of the food.  Why not 5 stars?  Well, I haven't been to every Mexican restaurant in the valley, so there is the (remote) possibility that there is a better place.  But I doubt it.
4	I love the way the waitress use a team system, it makes sure that your order is taken very fast and you get refills on your drinks as well. The chips are very good and they have 3 types of salsas, which are great. I like to mix the hot chunky salsa with the mild. The mild salsa has black olives in it which makes for a very interesting combination. My favorite thing to eat here is the beef tacos. The best flavor of any tacos I have had. The rice is really good too. Other greats are the Mini stuffed quesadilla and cheese crisp. The only reason I didn't give this restaurant 5 stars is that the prices are pretty expensive for the casual and much in need of updated dining room.
5	My girlfriend has been going to Pedros since she was 12 and always raves about this place.  I decided to try it recently and absolutely loved their chips and salsa.  I ordered a taco combination plate for my meal and the tacos were excellent.  They also have the best tamales in the world, or so my girlfriend says.  We will be going back very soon!
3	I honestly was looking forward to trying Pedros and was extremely disappointed. Horribly slow service and cold food was about all I took away from this place.
2	The place is small and dark , I like to see what I'm eating . The green tamale were OK but the sauce was blah. The beans were cold , but salsa was ok not great but ok.We never got the same server  twice. One of the server look like she hated her job she never smile. It would have been nice to felt welcome not like a bother.
2	Went here for lunch.  Kind of cramped.  Not a good place to take young kids.  My beer mug was dirty, and I never notice things like that.  Service was slow and not the friendliest.    No music was playing.  I felt that people were too quiet because they felt everyone was listening to them, and there was that one loud jackass that talks too much in the restaurant annoying everyone.  Play some Mexican music Pedro's.Food was average Mexican food- I tried tacos, enchiladas, beans, rice.  Prices were very reasonable.Maybe it was a bad day for them.  I'd be willing to give it another try if hungry for Mexican food and in the area.
4	Excellent business model - prompt, polite service from the moment you sit down.  Straightforward menu.  HOT chips are on the table quickly with chunky mild salsa & hot sauce.  Entrees at lunch time come out in a flash.  Check is on table so I can pay at the door and be on my way.  I loved their process here, and the food was fairly good too.  Old school Mexican food, atmosphere, etc.
5	Pedro's is very far from my house (45 mintues) but it is worth every single second of that drive.The place is not nice... i'd more so call it a "whole in the wall". However, the staff is nice and the food is delicious so it makes up for it.It can be pretty busy, so sometimes there is a small wait. Some of the seats are bad, so it's nice when you can go when they have down time & while they let you seat yourself.Food is great- chips and salsa with the chunky salsa is awesome. I love their cheese crisp and the Pedro's special (cheese enchilada & beef taco). Prices over the years seem like they're going up... so check out the deal on the chalkboard as you're walking in, that will save you a few dollars.
5	I don't know how a lot of the people on here could claim that Pedros is mediocre or less than. I guess to each their own. I have gone to Pedros 2 times so far. The first time I went I will admit I was a little hasty about eating there based soley on how the place looks. It isn't your everyday run of the mill chain mexican food restaurant. But once my food arrived it melted away the appearance of the restaurant. I had ordered the shredded beef chimichanga with the San Marcos on top with a side of rice. Let me tell you, it is AMAZING!!!! I have eaten a lot of mexican food and they by far have some of the best food in the valley. There was a guy who commented on how the salsa is "sweet" and "sweet salsa is no good in his book" Ok, the salsa is sweet, but not bad. The hot sauce is awesome, mix the 2 you can't go wrong. And what's really funny is how my boyfirend and I can never even finish a basket of their delicious chips because our food is always so quickly prepared that we didn't have the time to finish them (regretfully). The ladies who work there might not be starbucks friendly, but they do make sure you have everything you need and that you are taken care of. If you are looking for great food at a great price then Pedro's is your place to go. I don't know if I could eat mexican food anywhere else!
3	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Scott W. & Mike C.  Let's get the not-so-good out of the way first:This ok but ordinary sit-down restaurant is expensive!  While they have small lunch specials for $7.25 (2 small entree items & one side), a regular combo meal costs $11.50, even at lunch time!  Regarding the food, they serve thin chips, & I like them the thicker the better.Ok, the good:  The chips came with serving containers of both chunky mild & pureed hot salsa that you can mix together for yourself into a little bowl they give each person, if you like.  That was nice.  Also, I appreciated the pitcher of ice water, & you can just pour yourself some more without any fanfare.My #1 Combo included a shredded beef taco, a shredded beef tamale, & a cheese enchilada, plus rice & refried beans.  Everything was good, especially the enchilada, & the portions generous.  You don't leave hungry from this place!     :-)
2	Suggested this place today to my foodie friend. 1st time for the both of us....n unfortunately, probably the last. The chips(fresh n hot) n spicy salsa(in the squeezy bottle)...off to a good start. Service was typical. The beans and rice were nothing special.  Atmosphere was cute, tiny thou. Overall... food was rather overpriced.
4	I prefer the shredded beef way over the chicken, let me say. Theyre tacos, taco salads, and beans are just so good. The taco salad is ginormous, definitely a share item. Its loaded with beans, meat, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, and lettuce. I absolutely love it. Their salsa is quite good, especially with their fresh chips. The servers here all assist with every table, so you will never wait long for anything. There is always someone coming by checking on you and giving you what you need, which is not common. It's a little dark and very dated in here, but the food is good and decently priced for the large portions.
4	Love it here!!! Must try their hot & chunky salsa! But you have to ask for it ;) taco's rock!!!
4	The name Pedro's always seems to come up when searching for good Mexican food in Phoenix, but I never quite made it there due to its proximity to where I live and work.  That changed the other night when my friend convinced me to go car shopping with her and we passed it while driving to the dealership.  After a long, frustrating process at the dealership (what car buying experience doesn't fit that category) we were hungry and her baby needed to eat so we wanted to go somewhere close by, so we thought we would give it a try!  It was about 7:30 on a Monday night, and there were about 5 other tables of people that seemed to be regulars.  We weren't sure what to expect from the outside of the building, and its location, but inside was clean with some kitchy decor.  The menu was vast and had all my favorite dishes...it was so hard to choose!  Ultimately I got a combo plate that included a bean tostada, cheese enchilada and a shredded beef flauta with beans (I opted for no rice).The chips that came out first were delicious, hot, crisp and lightly salted, they were some of the best I have had.  The chunky salsa was good, but a bit on the sweet side, but it was perfect once I mixed in some of the hot sauce.  I really liked how they have you little bowls for your salsa, plates and salsa just don't mix!The food came out fast and was piping hot....I tested the beans, my benchmark for Mexican food, and they were delicious!  Creamy, salty and rich, they were really good beans!  The enchilada was good, but I did feel the sauce was a bit on the thin side.  The beef in the flauta was delicious, really flavorful, it didn't even need sauce!  My friend had a burrito that she also enjoyed.Our pit stop at Pedro's was made out of desperation, but we walked away happy and satisfied and considering a return trip.  When we paid the cashier told us that they had been there for 51 years, I hope I make it back before they are there another 51 years!
5	This has been my favorite restaurant for years, I have NEVER had a bad meal and the waitresses are always so nice and seem to really work together as a team. My favorite meal is the bean and cheese fry bread with all of the toppings! I soak it in their delicious bottomless chunky salsa and it is easily 2 meals worth of food (especially after I have already filled up on chips and salsa before the meal got to the table).Love the price, love the cleanliness, love the salsa, love the food, love the service...whenever my sister comes back home from Tucson to visit we HAVE to go there and then always visit the Ceretta's chocolate factory across the street! HIGHLY recommend!GO THERE and you won't be disappointed.
5	Great Food, Great Service, Great Price!  Can't go wrong here.  3 different Salsas all Bomb, Beans are Bomb, Red Chili is Bomb, Green Corn Tamale is Bomb.  Shredded Beef Tacos are orgasmic!
5	I've been going to Pedro's for years.. I love going there for their lunch specials. Their service is so good and fast that I can always count on getting in and out when I'm on a time crunch. Be sure to ask for the hot chunky salsa, I think it's by request only. I usually mix it with the mild to make the perfect salsa. The shredded beef tacos are great. Also, I've enjoyed their dinner menu on several occasions - I highly recommend the San Marcos Burrito!
4	One of my favorite Mexican food places... Really good food, really quick service!!
5	Went to Pedro's for dinner while in town on vacation.  The food has got to be the best mexican food we've ever had!!  The wait staff was very helpful and explained some of the finer differences in the dishes and ingredients.  They also shared waiting on the tables, thereby providing excellent service to all.  Price was just right for the amount of food that you get, and the menu was extensive.  Next time I'm in Phoenix, I will definitely make it to Pedro's!
3	So many reviewers gave this 4stars but i'm not sure at all why.  When in Arizona and you live in Washington, getting good Mexican food is a treat.  After a Mariners spring training game we decided to treat ourselves.  Used mobile Yelp on my phone and found this was close so we decided to try it.  The service was very good and the waitress pleasant and helpful especially when we asked what she recommended.  One of my friends had a grandma who made authentic tamales so he ordered those as did my husband.  I opted for a green corn tamale because i love green sauce.  On all the tamales there was more masa than filling which made them heavy and dry.  I guess it was green sauce on mine but it sure looked yellow to me.  Friend said it wasn't like grandma made.  All in all it was just a so so meal which was sad since the place got so many wonderful reviews.
4	My dad has been bringing me to Pedro's since I was a little girl.  I always get the same thing, chicken chimichanga - it's ooohh so good.  It's not those big chunks of precooked shamrock chicken that you get at a lot of Mexican food places, it's real chicken and it's been cooked with love, you can tell.  Chips and salsa are both hot and fresh, always.  The place is small and sometimes you have to wait for a table but it's always worth the wait.  The ladies bathroom is gross, just hold it until you get somewhere safe.
5	Good fresh tasting food, service was quick even at lunch hour.
5	Tried it for the first time and the service and food was great. Depending on the time of day you go there is a waiting list if they are busy, but it is worth it. .
4	I've been coming here for years. They have good food, and really good salsa. I love their chimichanges (for years I've evaluated mexican food restaurants by their chimis). The place is clean and well maintaineed, and the staff very courteous. This place is very popular, and can be busy, but I've always been able to get a table, and they are fast with the food.
5	I have been eating here for almost 30 years and it has remained a family favorite the entire time. The food and service is consistently very good. If you are looking for good, authentic Mexican food this is the place to go. Everything on the menu is simply delicious. I am not a fan of mild salsa, but I am addicted to the hot red & the hot chunky.
4	Pedro's. It's small, It's old, and its good. Tacos Tacos Tacos... need I say more? Price is a little high if you ask me but for occasional visits it's ok.
4	Whopping portions and exemplary service combine with excellent-tasting Mexican food to make Pedro's a Mexican restaurant worth your drive and money.Regular customers fill the seats which reflects the excellent service.  Chips and homemade salsa are delivered almost instantly after being seated, and the entrees are delivered quickly.  I had the 3 mini beef taco, tostada, and tacquito combo (picture is attached) and it was enormous and very tasty.  I was hungry and could only eat half, so it could definitely be enough for two people to split.Part of what brought me here was the buy-one, get-one coupon in the Entertainment Book.  So, even though my combo was normally $12, it averaged out to $6 after the coupon.  On the downside, the place is pretty tacky and the building is outdated.  But, I'm willing to overlook it once I realized the quality that they serve.  In short, Pedro's is arguably one of the better Mexican restaurants in Phoenix!
3	This place was pretty good. I would not say it was authentic Mexican, it seemed to cater to American tastes (like olives in the dishes). I felt like I was visiting my family in Michigan and having Mexican there. I still enjoyed it, but its just a different flavor. The service was great, very friendly.Now the food- I had the shrimp tacos. They were tasty, but I wish the fillings stayed in the tortila better. The shrimp had a nice flavor. My baby ate all the beans and rice, so she was happy. My husband had shredded beef tacos. He thought they were good, but the beans and rice were average. The chips and salsa were tasty, I just wish the "hot salsa" was hotter. The price was good- we even had a groupon which made it better. I would go again since it is close to hubbys work or if I had another groupon.
3	I heard great things about this place and had high hopes but left disappointed. The food is average at best. I am from Toledo, Oh and have had much better Mexican up there.
4	You can't argue with a restaurant that has been around for almost 60 years.  I believe if you asked my parents I've eaten here since before I can remember.  The food is always good and the service friendly and efficient.  I love just about everything on the menu and it's hard to pick a favorite, if I had to it would probably be the San Marcos Enchiladas.Pedro's is just a great place to go when you want good Mexican food that is not messed up by fads and trends.
3	Tried the Indian fried bread. It was cool they offer it but it was just OK. I had it topped with green chili and cheese. The green chili was good. Nice kick without being too hot. The fried bread was just OK. It seemed a little old, perhaps frozen and reheated. The swap meet has better. The chips and salsa were good. I prefer the hot sauce over the salsa. They have nothing over Ponchos in S Phoenix.
5	YUM!!!  This place is absolutely delicious!  I'm 32 years old and have been coming here since I was 8!  I have never been disappointed with the food in all the years I've been coming here.  My all time favorite is their red tamales.  I get it without the red sauce but with cheese on top.  I also love their mini shredded beef chimi's and I could eat bowl after bowl of their chips and salsa.  I could seriously live off of Pedro's. I was just there last week for dinner and already can't wait to go back!
3	The restaurant was crowded when our party came in for lunch. Service was friendly enough and the food was brought quickly. My problem with the restaurant was that although the food was pretty good, there are much better Mexican places around. Some of the items seemed a little on the pricey side for a small restaurant like this. I had one of  the lunch specials, a bean tostada
5	Our favorite Mexican restaurant. We have eaten here at least 30 times. There has been nothing on their menu that we have not enjoyed. Even the chips and salsa are worth the trip. Pedro's is in the Entertainment book and often have Groupon offerings. From the outside, it appears to be the proverbial hole-in-the-wall, but it is like coming home.
5	I grew up on the west side of town and Pedro's has been a favorite for over 20 years. The food is consistently good, always hot and they are fast regardless of how busy they are. The chips and salsa are crave worthy as well as the San Marcos sauce. I almost hate to review Pedro's because I don't want others to know, but considering its been around for about 60 years, if you don't know- I'm ok with that.
5	Definitely my favorite place to eat Mexican food. You get a lot of food for a low price and everything is good. The chips and salsa is amazing! Love this place.
2	My wife and I have been going  there for 26 yrs. Has always been great. However, the  last several times dining wasn't what we expected. The beans for some reason have been changed and lost the authentic taste. The hot salsa wasn't as hot or tasty either.  We have always raved to our friends and relatives about Pedro's but not now until we try it again. Seems like garnish etc. has been cut back. Large portions without the taste is just that a large portion!!
2	Pedro's has been around for over 60 years, and tends to get rave reviews! I have tried it twice over the last year, and was underwhelmed each time. Hey, I may have been on an off day...twice. haha. Both times the food was mediocre at best. I am Mexican, so I may be basing their food off authentic mexican food, which this was not. Very true what other reviews have said, that the food was Americanized, but truly how can you make MEXICAN food American? The service was alright, but I almost felt rushed both times, how they drop the bill at the table. Also, after the drop off of food I felt like I had to chase down the server for more salsa. This is great for people who want a fairly cheap quick lunch, but not somewhere I will be returning to. I would much rather go right up the road to La Perla for authentic Mexican cuisine!
1	Service flat out sucked! Their waitresses were all sitting around or making themselves drinks while we waited to put our orders in for over 10 minutes(there were only 3 other groups). When we finally got our food it was undercooked and cold.
3	The food is good but the prices have gone up quite a bit. The first time I came here was twenty years ago and it hasn't changed one bit. They really could do with a face lift, especially the booths, they are all so cramped together that the table is right in your stomach. Service is good.
5	If you like Mexican food, this is one place to start.  You get a lot of food and it isn't over-the-top spicy.  Good for out of town guests.  Haven't had anything thee that I didn't like, so order what you like.
4	Pedro's is one of the better Mexican food restaurants in Glendale.   Be warned though that this is a tiny establishment, with minimal parking.  Given that it was no surprise the place was packed.  My husband and I went on Friday evening about 6:30 and were expecting about a 20-30 minute wait.  We were pleasantly surprised when we got a table after only 20 minutes.  I was not impressed with the complimentary chips and salsa, the chips were too thin and the salsa was too runny.  We ordered a guacamole cheese crisp appetizer, and it was good, nothing amazing but what can you say about any cheese crisp.  For dinner I had the San Marcos Chicken Burro and my husband ordered the Chimi San Marcos style with green sauce.  Both were huge, filling and super good.  I've never had San Marcos sauce before but this was really tasty.  Both the beef in the chimi and the chicken in the burro were moist and tender.  None of the food was very salty which is a huge plus to me.  The only thing I wish they differently was to offer a good spicy hot sauce.  Last thing to take into account, because it's so busy our waitress was not the most attentive although she was friendly
5	Don't let the line wrapped around the building during the lunch hour scare you away.  If you see that anywhere, you make time to wait in line.  It's a small local dive, but the food is as good as I've had nationally.  Even something as simple as the chips and salsa are out of this world.  Get a burro...any of them...and leave happy.Awesome, awesome joint.
2	Mediocre Food even worse service. I had to get a steak picado because that was the only way the would serve the steak I had to send it back because it was so tough to bite into and got a shredded beef chimichanga which had no flavor. Also THEY DO NOT SERVE HORCHATA! Tf? The waitresses ignore you and avoid you until tip time. Did not have a good experience.
5	Great  food! Cutie little place.. chimi was fantastic. . Can't wait to go back!  Ask for the pico .. the best ever!
4	small down home, real food place! its soooooo good! just go try it!
5	Pedro's - went there 27 years ago, and still continue to go there - the big thing for us is the consistency of the food.  It is good, and filling, and when I order my Chile Relleno dinner, it is exactly like it was 27 years ago.I always order a beer - it is always ice cold - my husband gets iced-tea, and they always bring out a small pitcher for refills.Good chips and salsa, and make sure you ask for the chunky one (pico de gallo), as it is a bit hotter (spicier) than the others.  You can always count on Pedro's - it is a comfortable place, we like the blankets hanging in between booths, and that they just focus on good food and good service.
5	Love this place for home cooked Mexican food it's a must if your in the west side of town . Just ask for hot sauce
2	Ate here for the first time with my girlfriend. Food was mediocre at best, service was subpar.
5	Great Food, Great Prices  I live in east mesa and drive here at least 2 times a month  it is about 45 miles one way.   The Nachos are expensive but are worth every cent.  If you ask they will bring you their HOT salsa  it is excellent.   Other than Meguiels in San Diego, It is definitely my favorite Mexican restaurant.  6 hours is just to far to go for my Mexican fix.  Do your self a favor and try this place out.  But be prepared  sometime there is a wait it is a pretty small place inside.  Top notch service also.
5	Finally found a great Mexican food restaurant in the west valley! Being a California transplant I didn't realize finding good Mexican food would be so impossible. But this place nailed it! Amazing fresh thin crispy chips. Two salsas to dip. Ordered the three shredded beef taco plate and my husband ordered the shredded beef chimichanga. Rice was fluffy and fresh. Beans were great. We will definitely be back.
5	My family and I have been coming to Pedro's since I was a child, and I wish I could give it dozens of five star reviews. The quality of the food, service, and atmosphere has never disappointed. I'll be coming back every chance I get as long as I live in the Valley.
5	I've been going to Pedro's for over 20 years. This place is outstanding. From the chips and salsa to the sopapillas you can't go wrong. I typically get the stuffed quesadilla, the best in the biz. However, everything is good. Also, ask for the pico de gallo to spice things up a little. They don't bring it to the table unless you ask for it but it is awesome. Great with chips or on your meal!! Enjoy!!
2	I have had better I have had worse........I little to small for my taste everyone is really crammed in.
5	I've been eating at Pedros since 2011 and its great every time. It's old school Glendale Mexican comfort food. Yes it's dark and seems dated inside, but that's because it is both of those things. As long as that doesn't dissuade you, it's a must try.
5	I have been eating at Pedro's since I was just a little girl, well over 30 years now, we would go at least once a week with the whole family...kids got to sit at a table alone!! Only because the adults couldn't stand us when we were all together!! ;)The food is great! I have never had a bad meal there! The establishment has always been very small, so if you are planning on eating there with a large party, I suggest you call ahead and make reservations!! The prices are reasonable and service is quick.  You can also just call in your order and get it to go if you are not interested in dealing with the small environment and being elbow to elbow.  They do get busy on Fridays and Saturdays.  I would love to see them do some updating inside, it is very dated and dark.The food is always consistent in looks and taste.  I always order iced tea and they bring a glass already filled and a little pitcher of iced tea as well!!  The chips and salsa are very good, one of my favorite salsas out there!! A must try!
3	Food is really good but the service SUCKS, I always order the nachos when I need a fix, there's enough to feed 2 maybe 3 in a single order. If you don't mind bad service for a descent meal, this is the place for you.
5	I have been eating at Pedro's since I was a little kid. I absolutely love their food and I rate it at the best Mexican food in AZ. They have amazing food and a great selection. The chips and salsa is also very good. The chips are made fresh everyday. The staff is very friendly and the service is very fast. I love Pedro's Mexican Restaurant!
5	I live in CA now, but every time I'm back in AZ I eat at Pedro's. And I am usually there with my family within the hour of touching down from the plane or drive. We have all been going there for about 20 years. It is the absolute BEST Mexican Food. While other places in CA here are good too, I haven't been able to find one comparable to Pedro's. There's just a different, Sonoran taste to theirs that I can't find out here. Gotta get the Pedro's Special and  a Chimichanga! And the staff is wonderful and friendly.GO TO PEDRO'S! (the only gripe I have is that they are closed on Sunday)
3	I have been approximately 10 times. Each time was good. I love their green sauce. The restaurant itself isn't very appealing.  The location of the bathroom bothers me. It is definitely a safe bet when stuck in Glendale.
4	My favorite thing was the salsa, it had chopped black olives in it. It had a different taste than I'm used to....a little sweet. Service was quick and good. I'll be back!
4	Pedros has an awesome green corn tamales,  there salsa has a unique flavor and includes black olive pieces.  Very reasonable prices and modest decor. Closed on Sunday.
1	Sorry but food was not worth it chicken burrito reminded me of why I disliked chicken in the past.
5	Very nice little Mexican food restaurant with tons of authentic Mexican food recipes and history! This is my favorite Mexican food place to go to always have great good and atmosphere can't ever go wrong with this spot!
5	This place is my fave Mexican restaurant in phoenix.   Great, authentic food made fresh and a cool place to grab a bite!
4	This place is amazing. The service is so fast I think it takes less time to get my food there than at a mcdonalds. Great food decent staff.
5	I will drive an hour from my home in Mesa for their green corn tamales in a heart beat :) love this place! This place is a Glendale Classic!
4	This place was pretty awesome.I love the complimentary chips and the spicy salsa, very good.I ordered the shrimp salad and it was tasty! The avocado made it perfect.I love how they give you they you a little pitcher if you order iced tea!Service was awesome as well:)Will be back!
4	Our family has has been coming to Pedro's for three generations. When our kids come into town they always make sure to visit Pedro's at least once. The salsa and chips are great. The shredded beef taco is always a favorite as is the open faced cheese crisp. The service is very fast. I am making myself so hungry for Pedro's that I guess we will go there tonight.
4	Excellent food, service, and value.  Comfy inside.  Try the Chicken Picado.
5	We tried Pedro's using our Groupon we had purchased. I can say that this place has been around for 50 years per our cashier and it is well established. The service was prompt and the ice tea, chips and salsa were very good. The salsa wasn't overpowering and the chips were crispy and light. Our meals arrived shortly after we had finished eating the chips and salsa. My husband ordered the #1 and I ordered the #3. The shredded beef tacos, cheese enchiladas and tamale were delightful. Every bite was savory and tender. I would recommend this restaurant for Mexican food. The staff is friendly and efficient, attentive and helpful. We will be back.
5	My girlfriend and I ate here last night. We used a Groupon for $20 worth of food for $10. The food was good and even though they were crazy busy they were still very friendly and attentive. You have to put your name on the list when you walk in, literally- you have to write your name on their list that's kept on a clip board by the register. The only snag was that we were waiting outside and when they called our name inside first someone else took our table. We went in to check to see how much longer it was going to be and saw our name had been crossed off. When we brought this to the attention of the hostess she apologized and made it right by seating us immediately. We will definitely be going back.
5	Best shredded beef in town, especially with the San Marcos sauce.  Love the salsa (I mix the two together for chunky-good flavor).  Family owned.  Feels like a hole in the wall.  And not too pricey.  LOVE IT!  Favorite Mexican food restaurant in town.  Everybody we have taken here raves about it!
4	Party of three, arrived at 4:30 pm. You seat yourself. Impressed with how busy it was so early in the evening. Service was great. I ordered the shrimp tacos. I liked the refried beans, you could taste the ham bone flavor. I will definitely be back.
4	My first visit is very positive.  The pinto beans were truly modern, full flavor pinto bean, I will be back, again and again.    Crunchy was crunchy satisfying all the senses.  I am not a hot lover, but I do like spicy and flavor.  The Spanish rice was delicious.  I found nothing to my displeasure.
5	Took the family last night. It was amazing . The salsa and chips are the best. Shredded beef tacos. Green corn tamales, rice and beans and cold beer. Great service . Can't wait to go back. Check it out , you won't be disappointed !
