5	Accidentally stepped on my perscription Oakley sunglasses while moving furniture/boxes back in May. The right arm was detached. I was very disheartened since I had picked them up from Pearl Vision in February. I had my eyes dialated by my optomalogist recently and she recommended I give frame fixer a try. For $55 and 5 hours after I dropped them off...they're like new again. They fit better now than prior to my stepping on them. Thanks Optical Frame Fixer.Highly recommend these guys if you need your glasses repaired!
5	This place is outstanding! After being turned away from LensCrafters twice, both telling me to buy my own replacement lenses, and then telling me they were wrong, and I should just buy some new glasses, I was referred by them to this place...the only good thing they did for me! Frame Fixer put my replacement lenses in my Ray Ban Wayfarers, adjusted them, and even fixed a blemish on the frames! Their service is first rate, and they are more than willing to help you with any eyeglass or sunglasses problem!! Thank you so much, I am thrilled to have my Wayfarers back in one piece at last!
5	First time here, I love this place! I came in hoping they could fix my Ray Bans and after waiting briefly they brought 'em back out to me good as new.  I was utterly flabbergasted when they told me there wasn't a charge.  Wait,  what!?? How lovely to find a family owned business with such dedication and friendly customer service. I'm kicking myself for having gone to Lens Crafters a few weeks ago, the "meat market"  of eyeglass stores. They have an amazing and original selection to choose from here. Highly recommended and I will definitely be back for anything glasses-related!
5	Awesome first experience!   So I walked in with no appointment and my Lens crafters glasses in hand with a broken nose pad clip.  The staff member came out as soon as she heard the door chime, greeted me and asked to see the glasses.  She said this is an easy fix and we can do this right away and asked me to wait in one of their many comfortable love seats throughout the store.  I looked at some of their frames while waiting and was impressed with both their quality and prices.  In about 7 minutes my glasses were repaired and she offered to re-fit them for me as well.  I was only charged $12 that included tax and was thrilled by the care and concern displayed for what in reality was a little issue but they handled it as a major one.  Genuine customer service is rare these days so I will make it a point to purchase future eyewear products from this retailer as opposed to going back to Lens Crafters!  While they don't accept eye insurance she did tell me that most insurance plans will reimburse for some of the costs of their eyewear and services.  That was helpful news too.
5	Dropped off my favorite pair of Persol eye frames.. They needed a some work done on them. I was a little put out that it would take 5 hours and cost me $55. However, when I picked them up they were like new again. They even repainted the metal bits, wow was I impressed. Yea, it's true everyone you get what you pay for and sometimes even a bit more!!! You guys Rock!!!
