4	A non-humungous grocery store.  Sweet!Fresh and Easy has a great layout.  The shelves are low and the aisles are wide.  They have a lot of their own products (similar to Trader Joe's in that way).  Their stuff is really affordable!  Examples:  organic pasta sauce, $2.39.  Ball of fresh mozzarella:  $2.99.  You can't go there looking for a brand that you're used to buying, because they may have it and they may not.  Their own brand is worth trying, though.  All of the Fresh and Easy brand things I've tried so far have been delish.Parking is a bit of a hassle as it is located at 7th Ave and Indian School, a busy intersection.  I inquired about bike parking (for my moped) and the employee I asked had no idea if they had any.  If they do, it's certainly not visible from the front entrance.They have hybrid-only parking spots, but when I looked, I only saw plastic and reusable bags.  No paper option.  If you're gonna be green, be consistent.  :)  Oh, well.  At least they're trying.I know they're trying to lure me in because I've got enough $5 off $20 coupons to last until Thanksgiving.  :)
4	If you're lucky enough to live in a neighborhood with a new Fresh & Easy, you've probably been privileged to find some really wild propaganda hanging from your doorknob -- "Fresh & Easy Facts."  Something along the lines of:-----------"What is Fresh and Easy... and why should you care? Fresh and Easy is a new store owned by the Wal-Mart of Britain, and they are targeting you."_______I'm not sure what these helpful people think F&E is "targeting" us for. Depending on the week and the mood, it's either union-busting, food poisoning, or enslavement by army of robots. Here in the Melrose District, there's a new piece on the door every seven days. Usually it's a two-sided glossy with the intro, "a message from your local butcher." As if we all stroll reguarly to our neighborhood butcher, fishmonger, greengrocer, and notions shop. A quick trip to www.freshandeasyfacts.com reveals that this campaign is supported by "grocery workers, food industry professionals, and the United Food and Commercial Workers." Online strategy by Blackrock Associates, an online marketing group for individual politicians and PACs.I say, I like having F&E around here! It beats hitting the Fry's of Broken Dreams on Camelback. Some highlights:-- Hansen's sodas, including non-diet ginger ale and pomegranate-- Locally packed gelato from Berto's, under the F&E label. (hat tip to super-sleuths David S.B. and Julia T. on this)-- Flowers with plenty of life marked down 50%-- Lots of other stuff marked down 50%-- Nice steaks, including rib-eye and filet-- Better than having the originally-planned Osco where Chez Nous used to beSo, go to the Indian School F&E. Embrace Tesco, the Wal-Mart of Britain. Then hit the Downtown Public Market for some locavore action.
4	I collect belt buckles and one that garners a lot of attention is my "EASY" buckle surrounded by rhinestones. While it's not a tribute to this grocery store, I now know I have to get a "FRESH" buckle made. Because I can't have people thinking I'm just a quick shot in the sack.Honestly, I used to go the Ghetto Fry's for my groceries because it's so close. But the freshness there is questionable. And easy? As easy as three monkeys screwing a football.All jokes aside, I've been here twice in this week (and it's only Monday). Both times I've been able to get out under $10 and have plenty of food. The pizza dough is awesome! [I let it come to room temp then stretched it out, dimpled it and poured on garlic-rosemary olive oil and sprinkled with sea salt. Mighty tasty.] Tofu was majorly cheap and fried in olive oil after dredging in flour, garlic and basil sprinkle and chili powder rocked. I'm in love with a grocery store.
2	I was disappointed with this grocery store.  I had heard so many wonderful things about it from friends that my expectations were quite high.We tried many of the fresh and easy label and only liked the meatballs.  Their pickles taste so weird the jar is still full in my fridge.  Their olive bread had no flavor.  Their canned tuna was also super boring.  The apple fritters were dry and old. The cole slaw was terrible.  They have a very poor selection of produce. There wasn't enough heads of romaine for 3 days of juice.  We couldn't find Kale or celery.The manager that checked us out gave us $15 worth of coupons off our grocery bill, so that was nice of him.  He raved about how good the fresh and easy brand was and even tried to convince us to trade in some of our items for the Fresh and Easy brand.  I'm glad we didn't or we would have been even more disappointed.  He also said they are known for their low prices, the lowest in the Valley so they don't accept coupons that aren't from Fresh and Easy... but that's not true.  Safeway has much better prices on their produce (and a much better selection).I'll stick with Safeway, AJ's and Whole Foods.
3	meh...... I'm torn.I found this store to be a little bit of a walking contradiction.(okay, not "walking" but you dig what I'm saying) Reminds me of myself in alot of ways....not all of which are good.  You see, I recycle EVERYTHING at work because the cute little receptacles are provided for me by waste management thus leading me to not actually think about what I'm doing. Plus, I co-manage a 26 story high rise mid-town and with the whole "green" movement, we'd be setting ourselves up for some major problems if we didn't comply with demand and of course, it does just "make sense".     At home, not so much and to be blunt I don't really think twice about it. (go on.....hate) This is how I feel about Fresh & Easy. Hybrid parking (fkn ridiculous) but no bike rack?? WTF??.....  Tons of bullshit organic produce and no preservatives  but then everything has been super sealed in some weird plastic containers. The F&E brand crapola that I tried was mediocre at best,  also,  it seemed like everything I picked up was within a day of expiration. I don't know about you F&E. We could be kindred sprits.... but two wrongs don't always make a right.
2	When I heard about this company opening in the valley, I was pretty excited.  Something new!!!  But when I got to one of these stores, I was disappointed.Imagine:  A smaller Whole Foods meets IKEA.  Sounds interesting doesn't it?  Unfortunately they do not execute it very well.  There was nothing there that I couldn't get at Trader Joes at a lower price.  There wasn't any thing new or even different.  Sure you can get your Tide, Crest toothpaste and some other name brands there, but the place seemed to lack a soul.If you need just one thing, this would be a good place to run in and out.  But if your looking to do the bulk of your shopping here...why not just go to Safeway? Maybe that's the point, but what really shocked me is that the prices here were not any better than Fry's or Safeway.  Trader Joes at least has really cheap prices and you know 90% your getting high quality stuff.  Plus TJ's is different from your normal shopping experience....the marketing is fun and the stuff you get there you generally cannot get anywhere else.  I did not sense any of this with Fresh and Easy.  It seemed sterile.If you like F&E....good for you!!!   I just don't see the value nor the selection.  The idea of this place is great.  They just don't get the American market.
4	This is not Frys or Basha's and in my world that alone gets this place four stars.  I'm not sure what this store is trying to be, it's either a large convenience store or a mini grocery store, either way it's not your traditional American store.  I bought a steak here (good), ground beef (looked good, but that Grey meat was in the middle), and a French Silk pie (out of this world GREAT!!!)Get the French Silk pie!!!Anyway, this place is pretty cool ... the more options, the better!And by the way, they are trying to encourage hybrid use by supplying a special parking spot for them, Derrrr!  And I think it's super nice to have a private corporation encourage conservation of energy!
4	I've been to the fresh and easy up on baseline once to pick up some wine before a dinner party. was a cute little California implant (no not plastic knockers) i was intrigued. so i saw they were building one in my stretch of land. i vowed to make an effort to head that far uptown. so today i did.i really like F&E, the design is amazing, the store layout amazing. the package branding is awesome. i understand what many people are saying with the plastic packaging seems very wasteful for a "green"like company. but i think considering there is only self checkout, it is meant to speed up the shopping process. I'm not an idiot, but i too can become frustrated with the checkout process if i have a bag full of peaches and I'm trying to look it up on a screen via P for peaches, look for picture, click picture and hope the scale is accurate. agh!! lose my  mind. a plastic tray with peaches slide it over barcode reader. woot. Fresh...and Easy too. i respect this process. i think remove the snot nosed check out stand person, and you can save money, and lower your prices. I'm a fan.now i see a fair number of reviews for the F&E branded food. i didn't do big shopping here. i bought 5lbs of chicken for 7 bucks total. legs and thighs for some home made dry rub BBQ chicken. i was very happy with the prices and the quality looks good. very clean chicken.i will return to try more of the F&E branded items and re-review at a later date. peece.
4	I love this store.  It has everything you need without being overwhelming.  Truly one stop shopping (Unlike Trader Joe's).  My one complaint is the self-checkout.  The system locks up when you buy a bottle of wine and then you have to hunt down a clerk to unlock the machine.  I don't like to be kept waiting...Need to work out a better system.
4	A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away.... oh wait wrong story! But it does seem like a long time ago that I first read that they were closing my beloved Chez Nous to put up yet another transplant grocery chain. I was bitter to say the least! But as all of the best stories have happy endings, Chez Nous found a new home and F&E happened to be the new guy on the block.I love having an F&E so close to home. They are not perfect, but they are pretty darn close for someone who is single and loves to cook. Yes, you have to watch the dates, but that's mostly because they don't have 54 days worth of back stock - just enough to keep the shelves covered, therefore they are constantly restocking with new items (thus the lovely discount sticker seek and find game that I like to play).And no, I'm not a huge fan of the plastic packaging that fills my recycle bin, but for the convenience of checking out (as noted by arik b.) it makes things --  well... easy.A couple of things I really like about this store:1) The pre-made products - which I don't really use as intended (e.g.: the Wild Mushroom soup isn't exactly my thing, but as a base for gravy, it makes an incredible pot roast!)2) The $5 coupons I get every week. I can easily spend the required $20 on fruits and veggies every week, so why not go for the discount!!3) The "special" shelves up by the door that feature really nice organic herbs that I can add to my garden or flowers to give my table a little color. And watch these, because they discount them to some killer prices!!!The store is always clean and bright, there are generally enough staffers around to provide assistance when needed, and they have pretty decent hours.  What more could you want from your neighborhood grocer?!!
3	I could walk blindfolded and nude around my Safeway on Osborn and 7th Avenue. And still find what I need. Blindfolded? Well, to prove my point at how well I  know my local market. Nude? Well, c'mon, it just sounds fun doesn't it? So, needless to say I hate shopping at a new store cuz I don't know where stuff is. I was looking for smoothies at Fresh & Easy and found everything but. Ha. I said but. Like butt. Me funny. The lack of signage or poor signage made me a little nutty. Ok. Ok. Gawd. More nutty. Whatev. But I found a fantastic selection of power bars at a fantastic price. I saw one employee the whole time I was in there. Self checkout is ok, but this place lacks some serious heart and soul. While sometimes I get annoyed at the robotic employees at Safeway, forced to say hello to anyone who bats an eyelash or breathes in their direction, here at F&E, there was no one. Except for Larry. And he seemed cold. Goddamn it's cold in there. Can you say HEADLIGHTS?!He was layered in clothing.  In Phoenix. In August. Ugh. Poor Larry. F&E. Is that for Frigid & Exposed? I'll be back. But I won't be blindfolded. Or nude. Your loss.
3	1280 mg of sodium in one "fresh and easy" chicken wrap to-go. Uhm, no thanks.I circled the store 3 times before finally finding what I was looking for (and even then I felt like it was an accident, like "Eureka! There they be!"). What did i come here specifically for? Their individually packaged trail mix. I had a coupon - $5 off my purchase - so i found some other great buys too: 4 big Fuji apples for $1.98; breakfast granola bars; generous package of strawberries for $2; and sliced smoked Gouda cheese (80 calories per slice). These things I approve of, as well as certain prices on their wine, salsa/bean dip and other fresh veggies and fruit. Selection is limited and the store feels like a warehouse. Their self-check out is cool, though if you need assistance, be ready to wait. Workers are too busy stocking shelves. While wandering the aisles, not one said hello or asked if I was finding everything okay. At check-out, I lucked out. An employee walked by just as I hung a giant, blinking question mark across my face (or that's what I imagined it looked like). "I have a coupon," I said, "but when I scanned it, it said it wasn't available yet." He took my coupon, punched the screen hard and often (like he was hacking into the system), swiped my coupon, slipped it inside some slot I hadn't noticed existed...and then walked away, long before I could understand what had just happened, let alone mumble a thank you. I picked up my two bags of  "fresh and not-so-easy" groceries and left.
5	i needed to update my review as i have been going to Fresh and Easy alot more.the Fresh and Easy brand of products are pretty good. i've had some of the spagetti sauces, the bread, the potato chips, the juices, the chicken and meat.everything has been awesome. i have no complaints about fresh and easy.i think it's fantastic. one of my favorite deals is the Large bar of chocolate.3.50 for like a 2 lb block. it's great for breaking off a little piece here and there. for the price comparison...what is that...10 hershys' bars in weight for 3.50 lol. its a good deal.
4	What else can you ask from a local market, I'm very happy to have a store close to me now.  At first you see how clean the location is kept.  The prices seem reasonable and the products seems very high quality.  I really like how the Fresh and Easy market makes me want  to try new food that I have never thought about before. The market is definitely worth a try, you might even tell someone about it.
4	finally, a place for single people to shop! i was so sick of buying foods in large quantities that went bad before i could consume it...i love their prepared meals that they have which are healthy and nicely prepared. the fruit and veggies are usually pretty fresh and at good prices. their hummus is amazing! i always pick up a package (red pepper). i love that they send me coupons in the mail every month for $5 or $6 off, which is like getting a meal for free. and the store is laid out nicely, and is always very neat and tidy.buuuuuutttt, the best part......their bean, rice and cheese burrito. which i scarfed down drunkenly last night. PERFECT.
4	I used to think this place was extremely creepy. Now I've come to embrace Fast & Sleazy as my true Neighborhood Mark(down)et.Some Fresh and Easy factoids (zee good, zee bad, and zee annoying):Many of their prepared food and F&E label food contain evil ingredients like palm oil, high fructose corn syrup, and gelatin. le suck.Many of the prepared foods are perfectly acceptable and tasty. Just read them labels derrrr.They mark down the slightly more mature items (approaching their "display by:" date) which I LOVE. Once I scored a huge veggie tray for around $4 and you know they always charge an arm and a leg for those in all grocery stores. Usually a lot of cute homos shop here and cute people in generalThe nicest most useful employees are the sample women, There is an older one and a younger one and they are the BESTalso, SAMPLES! and free coffee, always. Usually a juice too, for that matter.Random amazing deals like 1.99 big hummus or 1.99 pizzaYou think you've scored with the $3 wine, but trust me, you want to go with the $5They push their reusable canvas grocery bags and plastic bag recycling in every freaking nook and cranny of the check out area but there is usually someone who materializes out of no where at the end of the conveyor and begins to bag your groceries into evil plastic bags! Please let me do it myself. If I can remember the damn canvas bags from the back seat then I can handle bagging my own groceries.No lines, though. Ever. Me likey.The comment/compliment/whatever board that is near the samples where people fill out little slips to gush over their favorite products are usually hilarious. and useful. For example, the "(forgotten brand) Pinot Grigio pairs well with my wine habit." Love that.Unless the produce is marked down and still looks edible, don't buy it because you'll only encourage their shrink wrap fetish. Why wrap up a single eggplant? So foolish and wasteful.Clearly I'm not here so much for the "Fresh" as half my cart consists of markdowns.And it is still much too "Easy" to spend way too much on delicious bad for me and planet foods. Ah well.
2	Okay for convenience this place marks the spot, if your in need of a quick pick item for a meal your making that day. Don't by produce (even if it looks perfect) to store for more than one day, or that beautiful apple will turn brown and spotty before your eyes. Kinda weird, but it happens, not sure why and not even the workers there can believe it sometimes. That day i returned them, they looked at the date on the package thinking it must have been on sale or something, only to read that i just bought them the day before and they were not on sale. Her eyes told me the entire story...she, just as i, was wondering how a perfectly red apple could have turned so bad overnight. It may have something to do with the types of specials they get, to keep their prices so low. Guess those articles about them in Europe selling bad food for cheap is somewhat true. However, you can still find some tasty items, name brands and good deals, just use it all fast! One nice thing about this place is the no waiting in lines.....gotta love that!
4	AJ's I love you, but we're in a recession and it's like someone forgot to tell you.  Alas, you have become out of my price range which saddens me greatly.Lucky for me, in walks Fresh and Easy with their kick ass low prices and their very reasonable single serving prepared meals.  I live by myself and cooking stresses me out, so I used to do most of my grocery shopping at AJs and I'd pick up dinner there regularly as well.  I would spend at least $150 every time and it always felt like my fridge and pantry were empty when I got home.Finally made it to Fresh and Easy last night, spent $60 and my fridge and freezer are PACKED!!  Not only are there prices for name brand items I like for example my sugar cereals (I'm eternally 12 years old, I know) about 50% of what they used to cost me at AJs, but they also offer rotating "Deal of the Days" for $1.99!!!  Cheese and Pepperoni pizzas on sale last night for $1.99.  Needless to say I bought like 12.I will agree with some of the reviewers before me that the fruits and veggies did leave a bit to be desired but I'm willing to overlook that since I much prefer pizza to fruits and veggies : )The staff was incredibly kind and helpful.  I asked a woman giving out free pizza samples (heaven) a question and upon hearing it was my first time there she gave me a huge free soup to take home with me!  Then a guy ran up to me at the checkout and handed me a coupon for $5 off my bill!  Totally surreal and wonderfully unexpected.  Needless to say they won me over and I will be coming back.
5	Oh F&E, you have never done me wrong.  No matter the time of day or day of the week, I show up, and you cater to me in every way.  There are never any crying children trowing tantrums in the aisles.  There are never any middle aged women with carts parked in the middle of the aisle talking on their cell phones.  Best of all, there are never any people standing in front of me in the check out. You organize your rows in ways that make sense and, in the event that I forgot something, it doesn't take me 10 minutes to navigate to the other side of the store.  You give me two options; your brand and the most popular brand out there.  This is exactly what I want.  I'm either feeling rich (pay day) or poor (every other day) and your options cater to those feelings.  You stroke my wallet in a way that only department stores have done before you.  "50% Off" beckons me and gives me the chance to try such foreign foods as fresh apples and pita bread.  You expand my palate in a way  I never thought possible.Oh Fresh & Easy, you spring gifts upon me like $3.50 24-packs of soda before the Super Bowl and $1.88 1-pound ground beef.  I couldn't be more thankful.  You put every other grocer to shame and they know it.F&E, my only complaint is that you are so far away.  You shun the light rail and you neglect downtown.  I know of a perfect lot at 3rd & Fillmore that would be perfect for you to settle down in.  Please come, quickly...I miss you.
4	So far so good.  The better half and I checked out the Fresh & Easy which will be in our new nabe once we move.  Pretty cool.  We picked up stuff to make our own pizzas, a bunch of prepared finger foods for our finger food fiesta dinner, and some chicken and delicious-looking korma sauce.  I'll update once we've tried the food and see where things actually sit once we taste everything.I liked the store -- kind of a small selection on some things (like only 2 kinds of dog food), but overall the selection of items was well-rounded and I'm eager to taste the house brand stuff we bought. The staff was all super friendly and helpful.  One women who works there chatted us up about the products and HIGHLY recommended the tapioca pudding. I bought some and I'm looking forward to trying it. She said it's like crack it's so good.  That's an enticing vote of confidence.More to follow....
3	It's always so deathly quiet in this place! Even when there are people everyone seems in a post-work catatonic state. It's a store where you know you can get the BASICS. It's sort of the like an (former) East German grocery store a few months after the Wall fell. Not much variety, but at least two brands of mustard. Many items are close to their expiration dates-I don't know if this is a sign of freshness and lack of preservatives added to the food OR a sign that the food isn't selling very quickly. I do like to cheaper prices because of it- if only I can devote myself to cooking it RIGHT away.
4	So the tapicoa was "so-so-ca" --  not as crackity as I'd expected from the employee's near-orgasmic recommendation, but it was pretty good. Everything we bought from Fresh & Easy was right on.  The Chipotle Ranch salad dressing was particularly piquant and tasty!  I have to admit I was actually kind of wigged out that there no preservatives in things. I was worried that if we didn't cook & eat everything we bought from F&E within a 48 hour time period that it would spoil upon sight or exposure to sunlight (like a vampire)....  but that didn't happen.  I think I just have PTF&VD (Post Traumatic Fruits & Vegetables Disorder).  I tend to see fruits & veggies in the market and think, "MMmm...fresh beets! I can make that!" and then the damned things sit on my counter and suffer a slow, rotten death before I finally just pitch them into the trash. I think i have baby carrots in my fridge from December.  Yikes.But I digress....F&E was great.  Not sure that we'll shop there on a regular basis (the selection was kinda limited and I'm not by any means an agro-organo-health zealot, and frankly I'm not very ecologically sound at all (see my posts on cheap cigs & booze)...but it is nearby and convenient and what we did buy & consume tasted great.  Maybe if I'd quit smoking I'd truly "taste the freshness"....
4	I've been an advocate of Fresh & Easy since I first stepped foot in their stores. We need more healthy/quality options for quick food on the go. The biggest problem I personally have with F&E though is that there aren't too many things I want to buy when I go there. I like the ready-made Fettuccini Alfredo, chicken wings, chicken caesar salad, thin-sliced turkey deli meat, sourdough bread, F&E potato chips and their chocolate chip cookies. Other than that short list, I usually don't pick up anything there. The selection of pre-made meals is OK, but I think they could do better. Some are reasonably priced, and others are not ($6.99 for some, which I wouldn't spend on a pre-made meal to warm up in the microwave at home).All in all, I think it's a great place. Market Side is trying to give F&E a run for its money, but I prefer F&E.
4	This place really doesn't need my review but nonetheless I love it so much I have to anyways.1) I go on Sundays at like 9:30 pm to get all the half off stuff for the next day.  I nearly always find bread, meat and some pre-made foods for half off.  It's good for a day or two after that so usually I get home and throw it immediately in the freezer.2) They have the best oranges and bananas I've ever had.  The asparagus was really amazing too.  Sometimes the bags of oranges are $0.99 each which is a slammin' deal.3) Go into Fresh & Easy with a blank, open mind and let what's on sale determine what you're having for dinner.  I get out of there with really delicious meals for under $1/serving just about every time.4) Sign up for their email list and get the coupons, which makes shopping that much more economical.5)The employee are always soooo helpful.  Once a guy rang in a $5 off coupon for me for no reason at all!Can you tell I like good, cheap food?Overall fresh and easy is amazing.  You can't get everything you need but you can get really great deals!! Employees are nice, food is fresh and reliable.
4	First thing I always do is head right to the end of the produce aisle, where there are a few bins of 50% off products.  Same goes for the end of Aisle 3.  I love F & E bean and cheese burritos. HUGE and I can make two meals out of them.  They have pizzas with different gourmet toppings.  Many pre-made dinners, too. I like that there aren't a million different brands of cat food.  Just a few.  That's why I like this store so much: it's got the basics with a few inordinaries.  I like the big bag of wasabi almonds.  It helps me to make friends at work.As a child of a recovering hippie, the packaging sometimes bothers me.  Do potatoes in pairs *really* need to be shrink-wrapped?  Produce aisle is great.  Always good sales.  Got a whole seedless watermelon today for $1.98.
4	One of the things you look for when you move is a grocery store.  I knew that Fry's was big in Arizona, kind of like Safeway in California, and there was Safeway here too.  But then I found out about Fresh and Easy.  I'm hooked!  This is a "green" store.  They have don't put up big displays and keep the boxes on the shelves, to be recycled when they are empty.  They don't have a huge selection but what they do have is good.  Fresh produce, fresh made quick meals, and really tasty frozen items.  They have their own label as well as carrying brand names.  I find the Fresh and Easy frozen items I have purchased are very tasty.  Chicken Teriaki bowls, Pinapple Fried Rice, Mac and Cheese, are all very good.  And the pre made items that you can get are very good too.  Things like Mac and Cheese with chicken and bacon, Spaghetti and meatballs, chicken parm.....all fresh and ready to take home and heat and eat.  And the prices are cheap!!  I have literally spent under $30 for two weeks worth of food.  They have great sales and they almost always have coupons available.  The coupon for this week was $3 off every $30 you spend.  You don't need a special card because the prices are always low.  They have their own brand of bread which is very good and several types to choose from like whole wheat sourdough, honey whole wheat,  and white.  Their customer service is pretty good too. Everytime I'm there someone asks if I'm finding everything ok and if I can't find something, please let them know.  You check out yourself but there is usually someone there to help.  I like to bag things myself but sometimes it's nice to have help.....if they know how to bag.  Since when do you put a frozen item in with laundry detergent?  Anyway, I love this place!!  This store is clean and always well stocked.  If you haven't tried it yet.....you should!!
2	F&E is the IKEA of the grocery store world: cheap, questionable quality, faux-modern theme. This is definitely not a place where I would do all my grocery shopping, and it barely suffices for a quick after-work run to pick up ingredients for dinner. Their fresh cakes and desserts are very much keeping with the IKEA theme -- all looks, no substance. Blech.The best thing about this place is their little half-baked house brand loaves of French bread or ciabatta bread, the kind you bake yourself for a few minutes. They are very small and perfect for one or two people. Larger fresh bread loaves always get stale instantly here so it's nice not to have leftovers. There is a similar small version of fresh bread at AJ's, but it's almost $3, where this is 99 cents and very tasty.
5	I love this place. I am big on saving money at the grocery store and this one does the trick! And I feel like I'm going gourmet! Their fresh soups are amazing.. try the tortilla and if you're sick, the chicken noodle is Heaven. The breads are so good, and even though at regular price they are well over my budget, there is always a sale loaf that is perfect. If not, they have the 88 cent bread at all times. Never crowded, parking spots for me when I have the kids, no lines at check out, amazing taste testers where they even provide some juice to wash it down. The security guard is super nice, I see him there every time I go in. I don't know how you do it, Fresh and Easy, but I like it!!
5	I like to be a little stingy with my cash during the week. This serves two purposes:  1) It makes me feel not as guilty about my inevitable weekend splurges  and 2) Limiting my spending also tends to limit my drinking, which tends to limit my weekday hangovers, which tends to limit my chances of unemployment. Follow? However, reason number two may not apply much longer as I have recently discovered the joy of what I've been calling "Recession Happy Hour".  This involves me stopping by Fresh & Easy on the way home from work, picking two bottles of their $2.99 wine, and hitting up the end of aisle 3 for some 50% off, expires-tomorrow-so-eat-it-tonight appys! It's always a surprise what's there, but who doesn't like surprises? I've managed to pick up bargain hummus, sushi, shrimp ceviche, and ahi tuna salad from that section, all for 50% off of the already cheap prices. Oh, and did I mention the wine is less than $3? I can usually get out of here without spending more than $10 and my happy hours end up just as happy. Granted, they're spent on my patio and not at a bar.Basically, because of Fresh & Easy, I can be frugal with my spending without compromising my drinking. If that doesn't deserve five stars, I don't know what does.
2	Fresh & Easy markets itself as some sort of convenienced  based natural foods store. But its really just a regular grocery store with a poor selection.On the plus side I like the self check out lanes. Very convenient. They do have good meat and fruit, but their overall selection is too limited to make Fresh & Easy worthwhile.
4	I really am a fan. For those like me, who basically only cook for ones self, and have a day job and need to take lunch with them to work, and have a love for wine this place has it all. It is fast to get in and out of, I know exactly what I need and where to go to get it. The prices are just right, and the portions are perfect. I especially love the 50% section, the inventory that is about to hit it's expiration date. I have found some pretty amazing buys in this glorious corner.... ahi tuna steak for about $1.50 a lb., garlic loaf for $1.00, Fresh&Easy brand ice tea $0.98, yogert $0.25, home bake pizza $3.00, I could go on and on. They also have some very good sauces and dressings that I have found to be great to cook with. I have found some of my favorite wine here as well. I am a very firm believer in that one can find a very decent bottle of wine for less than $10, less than $5 in F&E's case. Recoletta (Melbach, from Australia) $4.99 is great, they also have Kona Chardonnay for $2.99 that is actually pretty good. Cheap wine, love it! If you haven't been yet, you must go!
4	I love fresh and easy! They always have great prices and deals on good food. I know some people don't like the discounted items that are about to expire, but I love them. They make a great, cheap meal for that day.I love that I can always walk into a F&E and come out with something I'm excited to make. One of my favorites is their pizza dough w/ whatever ingredients I'm craving at the time (which are usually avl at F&E). Not all of their products are amazing and some of the prepared meals don't suit my palate, but overall this place it great. I can honestly say my life got a little better when Fresh and Easy came around.
2	I think the produce here so cheap because F&E gets it on it's way out.  I've never bought anything here that lasted for more than a couple of days before mold consumes it.  What they undercharge for in produce they overcharge for in everything else.  This store is on my way home from work so I would pop in for the bare essentials.  Good thing too because bare essentials sums up the amount of items they carry.  Although, they do have a decent selection of cheese.  Other than that it's pretty easy shopping - clean store, self checkout, not too bad.  There's a bus stop right outside the door and coming or going I always get asked for money.F&E used to offer $5 off coupons for every $20 you spend which was amazing to me.  When that deal expired there was no reason left for me to go there.
1	C'mon CenPho'ers! Fresh & Easy?? The creepy British grocery w/ everything wrapped in cellophane? The odd selection of random mass-market brand names on different aisles? The anti-union corporate policy? Ya'll have more heart than that!
2	I have given it a few tries, but it just leaves so much to desire! A neighborhood store is suppose to have personality. Where is the familiar clerks, produce guy, kid that helps with your grocery working his/her first job and others? Where are products that reflect the demographic demands and likings of the neighborhood? What happened to being able to get change for the bus or laundry? It's all missing at your local Fresh & Easy! Instead you get this clinical feel like you are in the twilight hours of dawn shopping when it's midday! You are left to select from predetermined brands & products selected by some unknown corporate giant to better fill their pockets than meet your wants. The place appears empty with the exception of the prying eyes of a lone security guard and an occasional appearance of an employee to gather carts. I can't help feeling almost surgical as I walk down these wide brightly lite lanes seeing multiple Fresh & Easy labels on product after product, feeling I have no choice when I know I should have ample temptations in my range. All while wondering and praying that this is not the grocery store experience of the future anyone ever imagined, and thinking that if i is, online grocery order and delivery from a corporate giant with a better website and more variety and home delivery is worth the price and a better experience for my senses than this lame chain. Why do people even go in this cold, unfriendly place of limited supply rations and call it shopping? I've been to stores in little communities in Alaska that gets groceries and sundries flown in once a month or brought in on a barge that offers more to shopping than this chain! Ugh I hate it! I think two stars is generous.
4	I think the employees are on to me. Everytime I walk in I feel like they are watching me scurry with my cart over to the clearance section first so I can see what has been marked down, before I do my real shopping. I absolutely love this place. Reminds me of a trader joes without the hokey handmade signs, more like a sleek modern tj's, with better sushi. Every premade food item like pasta, scrambled egg breakfast trays, salads have been wonderful. And the little 98 cent produce packs seem like a really great deal. It doesn't have everything you would be looking for, safeway down the street is a good stop just to fill in all of those must haves that they don't carry. About the clearance section though if you can time it right, you can get great meat for half off, other times its brown in parts and should have been thrown out long ago. I would recommend this place to everyone, at least go there once. If you have never been it's exciting the first time, because you find all of these things you thought you could live without. After a while, after you have been there twice a week every week it gets kinda stale, so go in moderation.Oh and sign up online with them, they will randomly send you $10 off $50 spent and there are coupons in the mail every week, don't leave 'em at home like I do!!!
4	Althought it was discovered long ago, by many before me, this inner-phoenix city, local (rural feeling) mini-supermarket was an interesting change from the welll rounded SUPERmarkets  of Prescott. From wine to a full chicken (opened, seasoned and ready to grill), every shelf was stock with just what i needed, and didn't know i needed. Try to stock a mini "frig" in a nicer hotel with snack foods.....from the gift shop? I like the no cashier.....automated...check out...thing, and the staff was nice and even had some nice impulse purchase items for Valentines (a ivy covered heart living plant....nice !)
5	still lovin' it.the frozen mini pizzas are pretty good. and 3 for 5 it's a pretty good deal.i have never really been disappointed here. never. i guess i just don't care about the anti-union labor employees. they are super friendly. one offered to throw away my empty coffee cup, another offered to go get me a bag of ice, and another even bagged my haul. 3 different employees mind you. so i guess it's come a long way from there only being 1 employee in the whole store. so i hope some of you weirdos who complain about that come back.
1	This particular location blows especially hard.  The new manager is this angry middle-aged woman who, on the rare occasion you see her at all, is walking around not doing anything but trying to catch one of her underlings doing something wrong.  It's quite obvious from her appearance and her attitude towards the male employees that she has gender preferences that affect her work.  I've seen her joke and laugh with female employees who weren't working at all and then turn right around and scowl and gripe at a male employee.  She's always either on her cell phone, outside smoking, or hiding in back thinking up new ways to screw over the male employees so her favorite cute girls can take their jobs.  Also, apart from her, do you like supporting foreign companies versus local ones like Bashas?  Do you like everything wrapped in plastic by a grocer who lies about being environmentally conscious and then proceeds to be more harmful than any of the locals?  Do you like your "fresh" food to sit on the floor, unrefrigerated, for long periods while one over-worked (male) employee struggles to get it all cold?
5	-Excellent selection.-Excellent reasonable prices.-Quick and convenient.-Helpful employees.-Delicious baked goods, even better when they are marked down.
3	I totally understand the love showered on their prepared food...just wish I had caught them a little more stocked.  I tried the tropical chicken and shrimp pasta and both were pretty decent.  I would like to try more.  We' ll see if the opportunity arises.
5	Love this place. It's like a grocery story for working adults. I sometimes wish they had more organic options but am happy with the staff that work there.
4	I go to this location quite often. It is near my house and i don't like to waste gas if i can help it. It is easy to pull into with 2 entrance and exits, one on 7th ave and one on Indian School. The store is clean and well put together like the others. True that  there is not very much in the for sale section but, i think it is a busy location so maybe that is why. They have a security guard there and yes they need one. It attracts a lot of criminal types. Sometimes the people that work there are nice and helpful,like at present,but other times they have really had some wicked ones working there.    I had bought some British cookies once that were on sale and i told the guy i was over charged. He fixed it on the register and then threw the cookies down the conveyor belt. I noticed he is no longer there. (No i did not report that.) He just seemed angry all the time. There was an older woman there too that was pretty angry with life. Haven't seen her in awhile either.  But, it is clean, the food is fresh. But i do wish they had more organic and more British things. I like it, but they don't give you money off for bringing your own bag and you can't use coupons except for theirs.
5	F&E rocks! It's right-sized. Once you get a feel for it, you will begin to wonder why other grocery stores are so huge, when you can find 98% of what you need at this cute little market. Their pre-made lunches are typically the main part of my weekday diet, as is their oatmeal and containers of pineapple. My other favorite things include their flowers, which last so much longer then flowers you pick up at other grocery florists, and the chocolate covered almonds. Do not try them unless you are fully prepared to be addicted.The staff is super friendly without being completely in your face. I appreciate that they aren't scarce like in big box stores.Love you F&E. Love you!
2	I can't knock Fresh and Easy, I just can't into this place.  The selection is fine, its somewhere in between a special grocery store and a chain super market.  You can get in and out fast but I just have never been a fan of the prepared foods which is one of their big products.The prepared foods always have seemed bland in terms of taste, I have never experienced a problem with freshness of the food but it is difficult to find much on the healthier side of the spectrum.  Some of the dishes are down right scary when you read the nutritional facts.It will get the job done in a pinch but otherwise look for me at TJ's.
4	I like this place.  Came here for the first time today and everything is just simple.  You're not paying for pretty packaging....it is what it is!  And I like how the meat/fish have the stickers that show when you should cook/consume by on them.  I really like the prepared meals also.  If you read the ingredients, they're actual ingredients, not preservatives and chemical crap.  Pricing is reasonable, all in all, I like this place!
4	I really like Fresh and Easy. I've actually come to dread any time I need to go into a Safeway, Basha's, or Fry's. They're too big! I live alone, I spend most evenings cooking my own meals, and I am on a budget. Fresh and Easy is just right for me. And on the plus side, over the past two years F&E has really grown in the right ways.They carry more varieties of fresh produce now. (I used to get upset that I couldn't buy leeks at F&E. I can now.) They have more specialty food items. (I cook a lot of vegan, Indian, Thai, and Mexican food. Used to need to make two grocery trips, but no longer.) Unlike some of the other reviewers, I really like their prepared foods. I mean, no prepared food will ever be as good as my own cooking, but if I'm in a hurry, it's good!They also have really great coupons. The weekly mailer has a $3 off $30 coupon at the least. I recently got a $5 off $25. And they now have the F&E Friends card which, on the simplest level, gives you money back for the money you spend. Sure, it's not a whole lot, but I'll take what I can get!The employees are always helpful, and have become much better baggers than in years past. (I'm picky about how my groceries are arranged inside of my reusable bags!)Needless to say, Fresh and Easy has won me over, and unless I learn that they use the tears of kittens to shine the floors (or something equally extreme), I'll continue to go back for my groceries.
4	My grocery store of choice...for most items. I love to buy food here because it's easy for a single person. Things come in single or small servings and you are able to buy the right amount of produce. I generally purchase produce, snacks and wine at Fresh and Easy. For cleaning supplies, dairy or other products, I need to visit another store. I also appriciate the Friends card because you get cash back on your purchases. Like real cash not just points that mean nothing.
5	Update:  I'm upping this to 5 stars because I find myself saying out loud, "I LOVE Fresh and Easy!"  Even though they don't carry fresh beets anymore :(I REALLY like this grocery store.  I can't stand to shop in a mega store and go back and forth between 27 isles just to get everything on my list.  I usually feel like I need to go home and change into tennis shoes just to do my grocery shopping...but NOT now that I've discovered this quaint little store that has almost everything...including fresh beets!   The produce is far fresher than what I've found at the regular Fry's, Bashas', Safeways...but I'm disappointed they don't carry jicama or living butter lettuce, otherwise, I'd never have to step foot in another grocery store again.  LOVE  the store, the staff and the concept...BRILLIANT!
4	My girlfriend would go hungry without this place. Always FRESH, but would be EASIER without the self-checkout
4	I like coming by for those daily quick stop items. They keep an ok selection of produce for your day to day needs as well as some specialty pre-made, heat-n-eat meal items. They've got a selection of dairy, meat, and general grocery items including beer and wine. They don't have a huge selection, but it does meet most necessity items. You likely wont get away with shopping here exclusively and will generally come here for specific items as you run low or run out. You will probably end up at a larger grocery store for your weekly / bi-weekly shopping events. Be sure to keep an eye out for their regular USPS mailings. You can usually find a $3 or $5 coupon to spend on $25+ dollars.Happy Shopping!
4	Fresh and easy is super easy to get in and get out of when you only want to spend less than 5 minutes picking something up. While not the most amazing grocery store, they're great for those 'grab n go' necessities. I hope you don't mind running into your neighbors in public, because you're likely to see someone you recognize here. They're just too convenient of a stop to skip past.They've got a decent selection of meats, cheeses, prepared dishes, breads, beverages, and packaged foods. I mostly stop in for bananas, broccoli, oranges, milk, etc. A common misconseption is that Fresh & Easy sells "good for you items." I think some may have them confused with Trader Joe's or Whole Foods. The stuff here is just as advertised Fresh (98% of the time) and Easy (to get in, out, and back to your day.)Im not sure how you get on their mailer, maybe sign up for something in their store like the rewards program. They usually send us out $3 or $5 off when you spend upwards of $20 or $30 in store coupons every 2 - 3 weeks. Not a bad deal and definitely cuts the cost of your daily needs by a good 10 - 15%. If you've got one of those in your pocket, it's basically free money!
1	I live right around the corner so I am here frequently. I've shopped at other F&Es as well both in Phoenix and Los Angeles and this one just isn't the same. Sure the product is, the layout is, but that's it. Today's experience was probably the worst I've had here in a while. Usually things are fine, I go in, get what I need, check out and go home. The employees are there but seemingly there just to take up space. Today however, it was very clear that I was inconveniencing them just by being in the store. They are out of plastic produce bags and when I asked them employee gives me attitude, doesn't say anything walks off. Another employee standing next to him said they were out but that he would get me a grocery bag. I finished my shopping and went to check out. I asked the very unfriendly employee at the registers if they had the Friends Card and was told they were out. I asked if they had any $25 gift cards, I was told they were out. I continued checking out and she begrudgingly bagged my groceries (without me asking, I would have rather done it myself. Um, ma'am, please don't bag my bottle of wine in the same bag as the tortilla chips.) and then walked off. Um, excuse me you just bagged 3 bottles of wine for me, do you think you could come over and authorize my purchase so I can leave? Ugh.
4	This place is walking distance from my house, which is the greatest thing on earth.  Its clean, the staff is friendly, and I can get cheap and easy dinners for two that arent at all bad in a pinch.  And their produce doesn't suck, which I like.
3	I can walk there and been going since it opened. I work from home and shop almost once a day. Very European being able to walk there and shop everyday.. Fresh baked Italian bread still warm for $0.98+++Most prepared foods...OK. Better than most. But I rarely get these.Because I normally buy just a few things I use the fast checkout and never have to deal with an employee.+++ I now have a hard time at Fry's, Safeway, etc., as the checkers are soooo slow.Normal prices are often cheaper than the prices I see in other stores' adverts+++Some employees are very nice+++ But they seem to be doing everything possible to weed these people out.Most employees really, really dislike customers and dislike working there. They have no problem letting you know. "Well you try working here" is a common response while walking away and not helping. I limit interaction when at all possible. I actually buy wine elsewhere just so I don't have to deal with an employee.Hopefully someday they can get rid of the employees entirely...or pay enough to get reasonable people.Stay away from the checkouts with belts. When employees are trying to ignore customers they will pretend to bag your groceries. They hate customers and hate working there...I don't want them smashing my stuff...it's my stuff...not their own personal stress relievers. Asking them to not isn't really an option. They're too busy ignoring you to hear you. If you can get them to buzz off another soon takes their place. Apparently this is the fav chore in the store...smashing customer groceries. Looks like fun. Sometimes when I'm stressed I put on a green tee shirt and go there and bag other people's groceries. It is fun. Hey, maybe employees aren't actually bagging groceries??? I'm asking for ID next time.When the store first opened if something didn't scan correctly they gave you the item. That stopped after a few months. Buyer beware.Coupons..got a ton of them via email for things I normally buy. Decided to stock up. 32 cans of tuna type deal. 50% off and expire date of 2016, why not? Plus a $10 off for spending $50 and a 60% off ham. So about 50% off my total bill+++Dear Butt, prepare thee self...You have to scan the coupon once for each item, once for each can of tuna, etc. It's a computer, it knows I have 32 cans. Why would they make me do this? Maybe they hate me? Or think I'm into S&M because I purchased Cisco once?  They gave me the coupon...no limit on number...I assumed they wanted me to actually use it without having to bend over?I'm looking scanning coupons 73 times. Next time I will bring my pet monkey to help.More fun once bent over. Every 5 coupon scans requires an employee to sign in and enter a code, or at least pound the screen and mutter under their breath about what a dick I am for using a coupon. Maybe it's some high tech voice recognition system?  Required employee input 14 times. 14 chances for the employees to ignore me. 14 chances for the employees to mutter some new insult. Kind of like an Andrew Dice Clay show, but less funny...which I didn't know was possible.But luckily there's a computer screen helping you...oh wait, that would be if they didn't have 2nd graders programming these machines...or if they cared...even a little. After scanning a coupon the screen just says 40 cents off -- no item info. Also only maybe 6 lines visible...nice touch. Impossible to track. F'in Easy. Technically it is easy as it could have been harder. I mean they didn't actually make me shove a pen into my eye once per scan...although I think one employee did make the suggestion...but not my eye...and it wasn't a pen.5 stars not having to deal with employees most times. 0 stars when employees have to be bothered.
4	I was pretty excited when they opened a Fresh & Easy right near our house.  Fresh & Easy is a cute little grocery store.  The prices are awesome and they have a great selection of food.  I like coming to Fresh & Easy because I can get apples, oranges, and spinach for pretty cheap.  If you are looking for a grocery that has a variety of foods for a great price.  You should check out Fresh & Easy.
4	Mmmm, really good white cheddar mac n cheese for dinner. And fast - in and out with dinner in about 10 minutes!
4	Another amazing Freezy -- still love the food there, the checkout is easy, and the employees know where everything is all the time  (As they should, since the store is so small)Unfortunately, I heard they were going out of business (the entire chain), so I am slowly distancing myself in order to not suffer too much once doors close.***update!***Per wikipedia, "In February 2013 it was reported that despite rumors Tesco will not be selling or closing the chain."WOHOO!!! More fruit for me!!!!! :)
4	My favorite grocery store. I am so sad it is not as close after moving. Their food is Delish. So many things are sooooooo good here but my favorite two things are their Lemon Cilantro Hummus and the, "Eat Your Greens" Veggie Soup. I love the half off selections too. That helps with the budget. Great for a smaller family or when you need an, "in between, pick up a few things" shop. The ads on the radio are a hoot, if I do say so myself.
5	I love this store! what else can i say, this location is always clean and the smell of the bakery is great! i like the value i get for food that is Corn-syrup free and persevered free!
4	The best part about Fresh & Easy is their prepared foods. They have a lot of ready-to-microwave/grill/bake meals in their refrigerator section that are healthier than traditional frozen meals and reasonably priced ($5 for a chicken breast with roasted kale and mashed potatoes; $5 for a thai noodle salad with shrimp and veggies). They also have a lot of healthy-ish prepared sides and snacks like hummus with veggies, egg salad, caprese salad. Their party platters seem like a good option for potlucks.  Another plus is they have a surprisingly varied selection of beers and wine for being such a small grocery store.The negatives about this place is that the price for produce is expensive. I only buy the produce that is on sale, everything else I get at Safeway or Sprouts - no way am I paying $1 for 1 apple or $8 for a carton of raspberries! Also the parking lot has those islands in the middle of their turnout lanes, BUT THEY AREN'T VISIBLY painted or anything. I came so close to hitting the middle island today when I was turning into the parking lot! What is the point of those things? get rid of them OR make them more visible!
4	I can't go 5 stars because I HATE self checkout and you have to do it there.  Other than that, the location is clean, items are fresh and in stock, and parking is easy.  When one of the employees saw us stocking up on something that did not go on sale until the 2 day sale coming up, he came and let us know we could save quite a bit by waiting for the sale.  We had misread the flyer and thought it already started.  Nice!Love the $5 off coupons!
3	When I lived in Arcadia, I largely ignored F&E. Since moving into Melrose, this store is walking distance from my home. How I lived without shopping here I'll never figure out. This store quickly became my go-to, all was right and good. Five stars all the way.But then, something changed. It wasn't the news of corporate doom, no, but I bet that's why. Something changed in the store -- and it's why this is not a five-star review. That something is fresh bread. Seriously, F&E are you kidding anyone with this "new" formula of bread you're peddling? F&E's fresh baked bread was among the best bread I had ever eaten, and certainly tops for grocery store bakery fare. The price was amazing, and the crusty, just right kind of chewy carb heaven was sublime. The bread was a starring attraction that led me to other purchases. I'd go in for bread, and come out with with half the store.Now ... sigh. This "new" bread is a disaster. I was hopeful when it rolled out in store that it was a test, a mistake, a joke ... but alas it's still there. The new bread is too doughy, lacks crust, the flavor is off. Lowering product quality, while raising the price, is an insult. I'm really surprised no one else has complained about this -- which makes me wonder if this change is not universal. If that is so, I'm going to be very angry. If anything, I'm guessing this quality change was made as a cost savings. This is a great example of cutting off your nose to spite your face. Tracking my spending in this store, there's a sharp decline since the bread has changed. I certainly can't be the only customer in this camp. Um, slow clap for crappy business decisions, like shaving costs at the expense of profits? Sigh, it breaks my carb-loving heart.
4	These are the most convenient of convenience stores with a host of ready to heat n eat meals, a modest but more than adequate selection  fresh fruit, vegetables, dairy, dry goods, frozen foods, deserts, wines, baked goods, and more, in a clean, hospitable compact but not cramped  setting.  All house-label products are free of high fructose corn syrup, and they carry a modest selection of gluten free goods as well.  It's a pretty regular grocery store - but with only 3 or 4 types of barbeque sauce instead of 20.  You can't always get what you want, but you can get what you need - and then you can get out of there in a fraction of the time it would take to roam a conventional market!   It's the greatest grocery on earth (well, of my acquaintance)  for those who don't like to go to the grocery store:  You can get in, get out, and get gone!Very much like  those gallon jugs of house-brand green tea. Sweetened with honey and good old fashioned all American refined cane sugar -but no high fructose corn syrup!  One rationalizes where one can.
5	Having thought about it - the only thing that kept me from giving a 5th star to this maxi-mini market the first time around was my reluctance to say award that "as good as it gets", but they had good quality pluots/ plum-cots at $1.50 per 8 or 9 on 8/30/13, and I think that, and other than not giving away the merchandise, this maxi-mini market is as good as it gets!  A belated but deserved 5th from me.
5	Always friendly helpful staff.  Convenient.  Favorite store ever.
3	This store is one that is staying open most are closing down. open pretty late and it's pretty busy all the time it's, so maybe if you're in the area you can pop in just grab something on your way home to sway the store to stay open a little bit more longer because for me it's a waste from my place I hate that I like the one that I had close to my place was just down the road but it's close now.
3	It is closed now. Just for the now, it's not open late. Try circle K is just down one block.This store is the only one that is staying open most are closing down.I tried by this place all the time it's pretty busy I wish they would stay open all night would be so much more helpful
5	I love this grocery store. Fresh prepackaged items.They're lemon cilantro hummus is killer, I love it with they're pre cut packaged jicama sticks. They also have a fabulous and well priced wine section. The store is located right on the corner of 7th ave and Indian school, perfect location to swing in and grab a quick after work fresh meal. I love you fresh and easy;)
3	This was my second time here.  Family members love this place.  Small store footprint makes for less travel.  Good selection of a little of everything.  I was struck by the large number of packaged, prepared foods and the steady shopping traffic at 9 PM.
4	This little store has gone through a lot of changes Iin it's life.  Initiallly, I went there a lot when they first opened due to the gourmet-ish offerings, then my visits tapered off as they struggled to find their niche in the Phoenix market.I have started going back occasionally for quick trips.  I like the new merchandising and the prices are competitive.  I am also able to find some cheese products that are otherwise unavailable at my neighborhood Fry's. I  aappreciate  the service ethic.I would love to ser more locally-made products and a wider array of "wine and cheese"sorts of items on display and more produce.  It would also be great expand the bakery.I want this place to succeed.....we need more diversity in this neighborhood.  I will try to go more often for basics.  I do wish there were more choices in certain areas but hope those issues will eventually sort themselves out.
5	Updating my review as five stars as usual.  I somehow get excited to visit a grocery store!   I love you Fresh & Easy!
3	I love the convince of the location and the new 24 hr hours of operation of this Fresh & Easy location. I never have to wait in line while I am here which is great, however, since all of the checkout lanes are self-service it makes purchasing alcohol cumbersome. The selection here on most foods and alcohol is not al that great and most of the produce and meats are exclusively the "Fresh & Easy Organic". This lends to having an overall higher grocery bill than I would typically like to dish out every week. As someone that lives in the area and prefers to go to the market every 1-3 days Fresh & Easy gets plenty of business from me because of its convince alone. I wish they were more affordable.
