5	It is kind of fitting that this review is my 200th on Yelp.  These momentous occasions just wouldn't be fitting with a "normal ole review".... it had to be something amazing, or..........embarrassing (well, not really embarrassing - just seriously worried about losing man points here)Don't Judge Me........Yes, I went and got a pedicure..........but let me ask you this - Where else are you going to get a 50 minute foot massage and scrub (legs too) while sitting in a chair that massages you and enjoy good conversation (with my wife) ???? We had friends that go and do this, and my wife said yes (to the double date), hoping I would be down.  I was - we enjoyed a good time, good conversation and I would challenge another man on here to tell me that his wife would rub his feet for 50 minutes and do all they do - It seriously felt good and I will continue to go back and do these.  Does it mean I lose man points?  Maybe ...... but with something that feels as good as it did, I will gladly take the risk.
3	Swung by this place yesterday for the first time. Based on the yelp reviews I was pretty excited to try them out.  It sounds like they are awesome for the pedicures but I was a little disappointed on the manicure.  My nails definitely looked better than they did going in but it was Friday afternoon and it seemed like it was a rush to get finished.  If I had a coupon or something I might go back but at $18 (after tip) I felt like I didn't quite get the bang for my buck.
4	Quick friendly service.  I will be back.
1	I'm not sure how they are getting any good reviews because I was very dissapointed when I went in for a fill the other day. I came here because I was at San Tan Mall and saw this place after parking my car near it. I really needed a fill and didn't want to drive out to the place I usually go to so I thought I'd give them a chance. The girl who did my nails was not friendly at all. She didn't ask how I was or anything other than what I wanted. The whole staff yip yapped with each other the entire time and did not talk to any of the customers. There were only two other customers besides me at the time and they were right next to me so I could see this easily. The girl was very rough on my hands and she cut my finger with the dremel. She said sorry but if she hadn't been in such a hurry to get me done this wouldn't have happened. She kept using her sharp nail to push down on my fingers as she was filing the acrylic. So painful. After charging 22.50 for the regular fill and another 5.00 for the french polish (which is way more than any nail place I've been to) she turned on the fan to let my nails dry walked away and started yapping to her coworkers and never returned to thank me or say goodbye. So rude. I did not tip and I will never go back.
3	I've been here four times and each time the wait time was less than 10 min and all the technicians were friendly, fast and attentive.  The only complain I have is the last polish I had then use was diluted with acetone and made the polish slightly dull.  I added a top coat of my own when I got home but was still a little put off.
2	I get pedicures once a month and I will not be coming back here.  The water was cold, she did a terrible job scrubbing my feet, they overcharge for nail designs, and though I paid for the design she did a sloppy job.
2	I get pedicures once a month and I will not be coming back here.  The water was cold, she did a terrible job scrubbing my feet, they overcharge for nail designs, and though I paid for the design she did a sloppy job.
2	Did my nails turn out OK? Yes.I got a mani/pedi both with gel/shellac.  It took FOREVER to get in (no, we didn't make an appointment).  The pedi chairs were SO uncomfortable, the things were just stabbing me in the back. No padding.  The nickel and dime you for services, by the time I left it was over $80 w/ a small tip (I always feel guilty)...The lady who did my nails was sweet, but slow.  She did my toes and finger nails at the same time at a nail desk. She kept telling me to lift my leg up and down to put polish on. It was uncomfortable, a work out really that I didn't want at the nail salon!My mom didn't get her nails done, but they kept coming around to her and asking if she wanted them done (at least five times) while she was waiting for me to get done. Kind of pushy...Oh and the TV didn't work at all. It kept cutting out like they didn't pay for it they were just getting it from someone else in the complex?
1	WOW BAD! Worst I've ever been in. I had a mani pedi and left with my fingernails uneven. Never even bothered to shape them. The french tip toe nails were okay but not great. But worse than a bad mani.. it was dirty! The floors, the bathroom, the desk they sit at to do the pedicure, all dirty. Secondly... this is just weird but made for a crummy experience... they had three big flat screen TV's all turned to football? In a nail salon?  and even weirder... the Tv's were going in and out of reception and none of the staff bothered to try and fix them. Most of these places have staff that all seem a little bummed out to be there, but this one was particularly bad. A depressing place.
5	I am a very picky customer that have been getting manis and pedis for many years now and I have to say that I am very satisfied when leaving this nail salon.They were very sweet and attentive. There was people on the waiting list but the lady took her time to work on me and was very precise when polishing...no rush.You can request for another channel if you don't like football..no big deal.Definitely will return for my next manicure and pedicure!
4	I have been going to this salon since September of 2012 and there is a reason I keep going back.  I get my nails done every four weeks with the gel polish.  they do my nails so well and are quick about it.  they put creative designs on my nails and the price is just right.  They also, shape my nails, and file them down, not just rush me through as fast as they can so they can get more customers.  Since Christmas the same woman has been doing my nails and she always does a GREAT job!  My only complaint is that they don't have the largest selection of gel polish colors, but I'm sure they are always getting more.
3	Went here today for a pedicure. My buddy & I had to wait quite a while but we weren't in a rush.The two ladies who took care of us were fast and efficient. The sugar scrub & the hot stones were AMAZING. I didn't feel like they rushed through working on us. They chatted with each other mostly but it didn't hinder the work and was fine by me.I would like to see more nail polishes to pick from. We spent $60 for the two of us (included add on services). Base price is $20 for pedicure + massage.
5	LOVE this salon! I'm shocked to see such bad reviews. I came across this place while shopping San Tan Village. It's not convenient to my house (I live in East Mesa) but their prices are very competitive and my wait time has always been short. They do a great job on shaping the way you desire and I haven't had any issues with nails breaking or peeling. I'm not one for pedis (I'm ticklish)  , but the massage chairs look very nice. The gentlemen, I believe he may be the manager, always talks to you while doing your nails. He doesn't cross talk or speak in a language you may not understand. I keep coming back!
1	I was given a dirty look when I asked about the sanitation of the instruments. And the lady was obviously talking about me in front of the customers in her native language.  She was extremely defensive when I simply asked about that sanitation.  I've seen a few times the workers arguing with customersright in plain sight of everybody. So thats why go across  the street to Santan nails it's wonderful!!
1	I wish I could give this place a negative star rating. I walked in to get a polish change and to have one nail fixed as it had a tiny crack in it. I was told that I actually would need a fill because of the crack (not true) and that I could only get a gel fill. As the woman was talking all the employees that has nothing better to do came up. And said some crap in their language. I then told the woman politely never mind and left. After I got in my car I told myself, just get it done because I'm already here. Literally took me two minutes to go back into the place and the woman that I was initially talking to was outside on the phone and came up to me before I could walk back into the door and said we can't help you now. We have appointments.....! Are you kidding. Appointments with whom? All the crickets in there? Uhg I didn't even argue, just laughed and left. NEVER coming back here even if you paid me.
3	I come here all the time. I have NEVER waited so long. I soaked my feet for 30min before leaving! If your too busy tell me to come back. Don't say "5min" when you mean another 20.
1	Horribly poor service, I've been here before and should have known better as I have seen them be rude to others but had never experienced it myself....until today! Went in for a fill and gel polish and was charged $42, when their price sheet stated $17 for a fill and $5 for gel polish! Nothing extra done to my nails, I didn't even get a lotion hand massage and my nails were misshapen! I'm sorry they were busy and understaff, thats not my fault and I waited over 30 min for an available person. I didn't even say a word to the lady while she did my nails, until I went to pay and she said $42. I told her what do you mean $42, I've been here many times before and never been charged that much for these items! She tried to say that it was because she had to fix my nails. First off yes 2 nails had to be repaired, but then she choose to rip off other nails and file down and fix them. They were fine, could have just been fixed with a seal of glue. Anyways not much can be done, just consumer beware and give your patronage at your own risk! I will never be back to this establishment.
1	My husband and I went in today to get pedicures. It was a last minute thing and figured we would go here since we were already there. While there we received horrible service. The ladies were talking about my husband, they upgraded our pedicures to a more expensive one without telling us, and they did not do what I had asked them to do with my nails. I asked to have a gold flower design on my big toe. The lady didn't do so then threw a fit when I questioned her about it and still didn't do the design. She didn't even get all the dead skin off of my feet so I have to go get another pedicure because she did such a rush job on my feet. My husbands feet look as if nothing was even done to them. When we paid the lady told us the total. When I questioned it about being more she told us we had been upgraded to different pedicure that cost more. I asked her what was different between the two and there was nothing different other than the lotion that was used. Then because I was pissed off that we were charged more than quoted for a less than superior job I did not leave tips. Everyone in there began yelling "NO TIP!!" over and over as if trying to embarrass me into leaving a tip. Their tactics did not work and only embarrassed themselves as we walked out a group of ladies were walking in and asked us what the yelling was about. I told them and they said that they would rather take their business else where and walked off. The ladies inside began screaming even louder than before when they saw the groups of ladies walking away. Needless to say I will NEVER return here and I will tell others to stay away as well! It's pretty ridiculous when they start demanding a tip and treating their customers like crap! If I knew that we could call and complain I would..unfortunately I know nothing will be done since the manager/owner was in the salon when this all went down!! Next time I will check out the reviews before going to get a pedicure last minute!!!
5	I was just in yesterday for a pedicure. This was my first time here, I'm glad I didn't read the reviews first. I had a great experience! The place was busy but I was promptly greeted, picked a color and was seated in a massage chair. The tech took her time and did a great job with the pedicure and polish. I even got a hot rock massage for my legs and feet. The pedicure was only 20 dollars on a special. I have paid over 35 at other places and didn't have as great of an experience. Only suggestion, if paying with a card tell them you want to add a tip, otherwise they will run the card and then you can't add a tip after. I will definitely be returning here for my next pedicure!
