5	This is my favorite local Mexican place - great chips and pico de gallo along with good fresh food.  At lunch I like the #1 combo- taco, enchilada, rice and beans.  I don't order bean very many places-- these are so good that I will order them as a dip for my chips!  Friends like chimis and tilapia too.
5	When visiting my family in Litchfield park I have to stop by Old Pueblo for their chips and salsa. The rest of their menu in a blur but that salsa will haunt me  forever. Great stuff. The carne asada was pretty good but too full on the chips and salsa to enjoy. I don't think you will regret going here.
5	I wanted to try something different tonight and I found it. The night that I went there was nobody sitting inside but all but one of the tables outside had people in them. There was a great patio, very open and connected with other restaurants and bars so it was a very social setting. The other reviews talked about the pico de gallo , I must agree it was nice chunks of fresh cut tomatoes, onions and all that other good stuff. the drink prices were super reasonable and my party even opted for a pitcher of the house margarita, only $20! Our server suggested the Mexican flag enchilada plate which I picked. It was a chicken, steak and spinach enchilada with rice and beans. This was a huge plate of food, took half of it home. I was very happy with the food, the service, the drinks and the atmosphere, definitely will go back.
4	We were looking for Mexican food in the area, this place got great reviews so we thought we would try. I agree, the pico de gallo was very good, I like that it wasn't loaded down with onions like most mexican places do. I also like that the regular salsa came in a squeeze bottle, that made apply to food super easy. I ordered the Chicken Chimichanga, rice and beans. The Chimichanga was very good, not dry like many can be. It was large and very moist, reminded me of chicken pot pie without the veges wrapped in fried flour shell..yummy! I didn't like the rice so much, had a little to much red enchilada sauce flavor for me, but I don't like red enchilada sauce. The other item we ordered was the Beef Taco Salad. We expected Ground Beef and were pleasantly surprise to find Steak. I would give it another try and go for the Faijta's next time, a table close to us got them and they smelled very good!
3	Living in Avondale I was excited to check out this place due to the rave reviews.  I ordered the machaca chimi.  Delish!  The chips and pico are wonderful.  The other salsa is a runny, roasted chipotle (adobo) sauce - good and not too spicy.  I am a refried beans lover and I was unimpressed by the beans.  I'm old school and love REAL refried beans with lard - sorry, I just do.  These beans were clearly mashed with either cheese or milk....They tasted like they were from a can.  Mexican rice was very good.  Only 3 stars from me - food was decent but there are better alternatives.
1	I really don't understand why all the great reviews about this place. Maybe it's because of it's location (being one of the few restaurants in Litchfield Park) or maybe it's the alcohol. Either way, it's not that good. Being new to Arizona, we decided that on our anniversary we would try 2 new restaurants. The Old Pueblo Cafe was our dinner choice. Poor choice to end a great day on this note. We had a trio of tacos (1 beef, 1 chicken & 1 fish) and a green chile beef chimichanga. The chimi was mediocre. The tacos were all bad. The fish taco actually made us sick. All 3 were hard from being old tortillias. Absolutely this has been the second worst Mexican food we have ever eaten. Also, the food is really overpriced for the quality and quantity. We won't be back and recommend that you don't waste your time, money or calories either.
4	Good Mexican food and amazing atmosphere.
1	To be fair, i will start this review off by saying i have eaten here once or twice in the past and it was "better" than my last experience. But my last experience will be just that...my last.My boyfriend and i sat outside, which is a very small area, right on the sidewalk. The misters are a nice touch, but don't really reach you. I am a strict vegetarian (vegan actually) so ordered off the a la carte menu and ordered "vegetable tacos" and "potato tacos"...one would assume something called a "vegetable taco" would be vegetarian, but just to make sure, i asked our waitress. She said very confidently that there was no meat in them. I requested no cheese on them even. When the dishes came out, my boyfriend asked me what was in the tacos, so i started to push the food around with my fork to get a better look and it's a darn good thing i did, because all of a sudden i saw big chunks of fish. GROSS! I nearly lost my appetite. We explained to the waitress the problem and she didn't have the apologetic reaction i would have expected. She was less than sympathetic but took my plate back and got me new tacos. Once we began eating though, our table slowly became infested with flies. They were all over the chips and salsa, all over the glasses of water, all over US...it got so bad that i couldn't even eat anymore. It was disgusting.  We spent our entire meal swatting flies and pushing them off ourselves and our food. Add to that, an employee from the restaurant next door literally walking over to in front of right where we sitting to beat out a filthy dusty carpet, with plumes of dust going everywhere. I had had it. Truly awful experience and will not be back!
5	BEST restaraunt experience I've had in a long time. The food is FANTASTIC. The servings are HUGE and enough for two meals. Service was great and we were absolutely shocked to see how cheap our bill was. We will be back for sure. This is our new favorite place for mexican food!!
5	We were there again this weekend. Same fabulous food! Same great price! And the service was ridiculously fast. LOVE this place!!!
4	Great food, Great value and one of the best locations on the West side. It actually has some character, which is pretty rare in the strip mall/franchise world we live in. The Bar is great, It's one of the original building from the early 1900's when the WigWam was built.
4	Food was above average but i will definately come back for the great pico de gallo salsa!
3	OK, I am spoiled. I have had really great Mexican food being from Southern CO, living in SOCAL and working in Albuquerque, so... The Old Pueblo Cafe is "OK" Mexican food. But this is a biased opinion. I think in the west valley it is probably one of the best "sit down" places. The food is usually pretty good, prices are very reasonable and the homemade salsa is GREAT. The atmosphere is what really makes it a spot I go back to often. The staff is always friendly, fast and accommodating. Plus, in a West Valley World of Chains and bland taste buds, this locally owned, unique restaurant set on a quiet, neat little street is a breath of fresh air!
5	My family and I have been here 2 or 3 times and each time it's been great!  We found it on accident, and oh what a fortunate accident!  Their homemade salsa is fantastic, very garlicky which I love!  The pico de gallo is fantastic.  Bananas Ranas needs to take a note from this place (they serve Pace, wtf?)We're working our way through the menu.  We took a visiting friend to this restaurant with us last time and he was very glad we did, loved dinner!
4	Great food & fun atmosphere!It is one of those low-key place you look for when trying to find something unique. I have had fun everytime I've been there. Plus its a great place to learn a little about the history of Litchfield Park and how far it has come. Its a perfect dinner venue on the 4th of July for the fireworks displays from Goodyear & Litchfield Park.mmmmm, ready for lunch right now, right now!!!
2	This used to be one of my hang outs, the staff was friendly the location is great, especially in the spring where you can hang out in the patio.  On to the food... What happened?  I ordered my quesadilla with oaxacan cheese and chili.  It never came but hey did bring me my burrito, a bean and cheese and they messed that up!  My wife ordered their tilapia which might I add was always a winner and it was over cooked and dry!
5	This place is incredible! Service is great and the food you'll crave all week! Especially the spinich enchiladas! We are there at least twice a week if not more
3	We visited there on a Friday night....sometimes the best time to see a restaurants potential is when the placed is packed.  Out waitress was friendly, informative and seemed eager to assist.  Good, I like being taken care of.  There were just two of us so we sat at a small 2-top near the front door. Seating was minimal inside...had the weather been warmer, we would have loved to sit outside but bit the case that evening.  Chips and Salsa were brought out immediately and were quite flavorful.  The Salsa is mild but there were two other variations which would melt plastic  so be wary.  I love it HOT but not everyone can handle it.  We ordered two Margarita's on the rock, the house blend, nothing special and they were nice, just what the DR. ordered.  My dining companion had a child's-plate of Cheese Enchilada, rice and beans.  I ordered the Spanish Flag Enchilada's, one chicken, one beef and the other spinach.  The food came quickly and was piping hot!  The beans were good but the Spanish Rice was institutional at best.  Mixing the two together was the way to make them palatable.  The Cheese Enchilada was tasty as were my three.  The Chicken was shredded, as was the Beef and the Spinach very creamy.   We chose not to try dessert this time and the check came quickly.  Not a bad night out but very simple dinner at best.  I think the service trumps the quality of the food more than anything.  A few good Margarita's will take care of that any time!  For a quick and easy meal that's affordable, it worked well for me.
3	I recently had the chance to go back to Old Pueblo Cafe and found that its a bit more industrial than original.  On this visit, my dining partner had a fish enchilada with rice and beans.  It had the appearance of being hand assembled and she claimed it to be quite tasty.  The beans were good and assisted in making the rice a whole lot better when mixed together.  My meal was that of a Green Chili Beef Chimichanga.  The same rice and beans were served and they were palatable when mixed together but the Chimi seemed like something that was taken from a frozen food locker and warmed up to be served.  There was nothing fresh made or original about it.  Yes, the filling was flavorful but the presentation and appearance looked pre-packaged and not fresh made.  This is a huge issue for me as Mexican food is very cost effective as well as simple to make in any kitchen.  The pricing is a bit high as well, especially for food that is pre-made and just warmed up.  Maybe the rent is high in Litchfield but not enough to pay almost $11 for a frozen Chimichanga.  Cocktails....we both had the house Margarita and while it was tasty, I think $5.95 for a non-call-alcohol made drink at happy hour is a bit much.  The size was OK but the overall quality for the value is still not there. Yes, I will go back on occasion as I am local and its about 200 yards from the house but if I am looking for authentic Mexican food, its time to look elsewhere.
4	Great place, great service, reasonable prices.  Will do this again!
3	We were staying at the Wigwam and wanted to grab some dinner.  I found this via yelp and thought why not- since it was right across the street.  We were seated right away and sat outside.  The salsa and chips were probably the best part of the meal.  We also ordered some guac, but it was just ok (didn't really have a punch of flavor i was hoping for).  I had the spinach enchilladas and they were just ok too.  I wasn't really impressed with my entree and was hoping to have a bit more flavor.  Either way, its a good place to get a quick bite if you're in the area, but nothing spectacular.
4	I love when you walk into a place and they have like 5 tables inside and like 20 outside.  It's a true sign of a successful mom and pop place to me.  So... had our party of six outside... it was nice, green grass around, and it was cool at the time.The server was pleasant and she goofed off with us... there was one time she took forever to get my beer and she comped it for me, without me even complaining about anything.The chile relleno was really good, and I was hugely surprised at how good the beans and rice were.  Hubby had the carnitas and being a mexican himself, he's pretty critical of any mexican food and he loved the carnitas.
4	This is Litchfield Park's version of Cheers. Great food, amazing staff, perfect place if you're a local because you'll run into someone you know. Even if you're visiting, everyone is friendly in The Park. Enjoy!
3	A ok for sure!! Pretty decent Mexican food in a cutesy little area. The lunch combos were a bit high for this type of joint, around $9. The chips and salsa were great and service rwas friendly but slow. Good solid choice if you're out and about over here
4	One of the things I miss most about living in Litchfield Park is being able to pop into Old Pueblo for some delicious Mexican food.  I usually stuck with the two crispy tacos which always came out piping hot and stuffed full of meat and cheese.  Their goat cheese quesadilla is pretty legit too.  If you're craving Mexican and are in the area, it's a great place to stop!
4	One of my high school friends took me here once with her family. It is hidden in old litchfield area and it is a pretty decent mexican food place. I loved their beans and rice. OO Don't forget their complimentary chips and salsa. Their pico was amazing! I actually got it togo a couple times when I was eating there.
4	Loved it! We were staying at the Wigwam Resort and decided to try the Old Pueblo Cafe which is right across the street. There is a gate at the hotel that allows guests easy access to the restaurant.  Their outdoor seating is kept cool by a misting system. Everything was great - the food, the service and the live entertainment they had (weekends.)
2	Outstanding salsa!  They bring the pico and salsa separate so you can mix your own to taste and they are generous with both... Green chili beef nachos.... Mmmmmmmm, so yummy!  So huge! Negro Modelo... Perfectly cold!Next time we find ourselves at The Old Pueblo Cafe, this is what we will order and nothing more because this was the highlight... Downhill fast after our appetizers... Momma had Sonoran Enchiladas and thought they had no real flavor or heat... She tried adding some salsa but it did not help, they were just too bland to be helped.The Main Man had Mexican Flag Enchiladas and found cold spots within the warmth... What the heck?  His refried beans had whole, hard, crunchy beans among what looked like old, crusty mush... What the heck?  Overall, he says his plate was bland as well.I had a fish taco and relleno with rice and beans.  The tortilla for the taco arrived already saturated with moisture and falling apart... I discarded it and was left with my hunk of cod, cabbage, lettuce, and sauce... Still tasty but more of a salad than a taco.  The relleno gave me fond memories of La Union Station; if you've been you know what I'm talking about, if you have not... Sorry... My beans had appropriate consistency and I liked the rice just fine for the few bites I took.The service was efficient and pleasant for an extremely busy Sunday afternoon during the big art event but when most of the main dishes are sub-par, I can't go higher than 2 stars... Stick with the salsa, nachos, and beer and have a 4-5 star experience!
3	The atmosphere of Old Pueblo Cafe makes you feel like you are crowded into a "old Pueblo" which some may like but I felt was a little cramped. The food in my opinion was catered to the nice next door hotel and not towards those seeking truly authentic Mexican food. The price point is a bit high though the service is exceptionable. The salsa is great like the other reviews said but I honestly don't know if that was enough to earn repeat business. The combo plates are good but the rice and beans need some life, because they seem to be stuck in dryville. I think more tex-mex style consumers would enjoy this place to it's fullest so I'll rate it A-ok for them.
3	Good food! I love the bottles of salsa they give when you sit down, and sitting outside on a nice day is great.
3	Love the margaritas and Old Pueblo nachos appetizer on a hot summers day. That really hits the spot.  Also love the deserts excellent sopapillas. Not so big on the combo lunches, seems non-authentic. Nevertheless, good food if your are in litchfield park.
4	We stopped here on our way back from Wildlife World Zoo after seeing they changed the restaurant there and it doesn't have very good reviews. This was a great alternative. Plenty of food and a nice variety. I enjoyed it.
4	Great time! Showed up late on Friday only to find live music and great outside dining.  Margaritas were good! I had the  enchilada trio and my boyfriend had the steak plate. We enjoyed both and walked away satisfied.
2	Visited the Old Pueblo for lunch. I had high expectations as was told this was a great place to eat. I ordered the Machaca with rice and beans. I received what looked like a small piece of shoe leather. The taste was ok - but I have had better. Since I am an artist and feast with my eyes first, the appearance of the meat really affected my ability to eat it. It it weren't for the rice and beans helping to cover it up I don't think I could have eaten it. The price was pretty high for lunch - both of my children also ordered lunch and they only ate part of each meal. I don't allow my kids to be picky eaters - the rule is if they order it they have to eat it. I tasted both of the dishes they ordered and both were bland with hot chili sauce the main ingredient. The best part of our meal was my friend's margarita (which I sipped on). I could not have one of my own because I was driving.
3	Prety standard.  I think they think they are cooler than they are.  Good beer selection.  The food was good, fast and hot.  There wasn't really anything that great but nothing stood out as bad.  I felt like it was overpriced.
2	This pains me to say, since we were regulars here, but as this place grows in popularity, the quality drops drastically. I still enjoy the salsa (separate pico de gallo and hot sauce that you mix table side) and the pre-cooked selections (green chile pork for instance). However, the last few times we have been there, we got soggy tacos, poor service and cold food... which is just inexcusable. There is NO quality control. Food should never, ever be allowed to leave the kitchen in such condition, but no one is checking.On top of that, we have been in this place at least 10 times when the owner was present, and he is an issue. He likes to schmooze with the pro's from the golf course, but if you are just  a patron, you don't count. I saw him in a confrontation with another customer over the service and instead of listening to the guy's valid complaint (customer was a little over the top, but that is par for the course these days), he stomped off in a huff. That told me that he just didn't care what the guy had to say.Add to that, when we sent back our soggy tacos, we were told by the owner, "that's kinda how we make them here". So, you seriously dip a taco into hot oil so that it comes out soft and mushy? That was the most ignorant and maybe arrogant thing I have ever been told in a restaurant. The kitchen itself is very small and there is no way to get food out quickly to the number of patrons that they can seat, especially when the patio is full. So, when crowded, stay away. The food takes forever...like 40 minutes up to an hour...and it probably won't be up to snuff. If it is a slow day, you have a decent chance to enjoy a good meal, but you just never know what to expect. A word of advice to the owner: Either don't seat more customers than you can serve or expand your kitchen. You are starting to alienate the locals. If it wasn't for the Litchfileld Park location and the ambiance of the area, this restaurant would die in three months.
5	My partner and I were staying at the Wigwam and wanted something close to the resort. The Old Pueblo Cafe was a brief five minute walk right across the street.When we arrived we noticed a "closed" sign in the window an hour before the advertised time. After some initial confusion, an employee spotted us and explained that they were still serving food next door. We sat at an outside open bar, still unsure if we were in the right area. After a moment, the wall opened to reveal a "secret passage" rotating wall-door, and the bartender emerged. No joke!She was friendly and brought us full menus and offered us drinks. The House Margarita and Long Island we ordered were decent but priced pretty well. The food came out within minutes and was hot, tasty and in large proportions. The Fish Tacos I had were fresh and delicious! Highly recommended.If you're looking for a great place to stop and eat while at the resort, you need to check this place out.
3	Wow all the other Yelpers were right on with this one.  The chips and salsa are amazing.  The atmosphere is very cool with the outside misters and big screen TV's to watch the game.  However the food was so-so.  If I were to go back it would be great for appetizers and beer to watch a game.
4	Good option when you need a break from the food at Wigwam!
5	Love this place! Only get to the Phoenix area once or twice a year, and make a point to go to Old Pueblo. My favorites are the carne asada and Mexican Flag enchiladas. Love the fish tacos too. Friendly service and reasonably priced as well.
5	by far the best green Chile enchiladas ever. the flavor was great. I am addicted to to their Chips and Salsa!!!
5	I'm gonna keep this short and simple, you'll find good food here. This is my favorite Mexican restaurant around. The chips and salsa here are great and I've always had good service. I will be back for sure for my tacos and margarita.
4	This is a hometown favorite! the chips and salsa are yummy and totally addicting (be warned the salsa stays with you until the next day ;P) My favorite items to order are:1)  Old Pueblo nachos w/ green chili (share this, it's huge!) Fully loaded with tons of everything you want on your nachos- fresh chips, green chili, cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, sr. cream, guac,... You will crave these for weeks after having them! 2)  The shredded chicken bowl with grilled veggies (add cheese!) this is an off menu item, but they always serve it. A great 'healthy' choice ;) A perfect portion of seasoned chicken, onions, peppers, tomatoes (and cheese!) 3) The veggie quesadilla- stuffed full of yummy grilled veggies (peppers, onions, tomatoes) , grilled to crisp perfection! Things to avoid- the carne asada and the fish tacos.... I have ordered both of these a couple of times and neither have ever impressed.
2	Split a dinner to save money with a friend, and while it saved us money, the meal was just so-so.  Chips were great tasting but salsa choices were either very hit or very bland (strong onion taste).  We combined the two for a slightly better taste.Ordered the taco/enchilada combo, tacos were bland, no real flavor and enchiladas were descent but also bland.  Service was good, waitress checked in on us often, however never asked us about dessert.  Probably would not come back.
5	We were in AZ visiting out for Thanksgiving and really wanted so go AZ mexican food but had to go to a place with a full bar for some Margaritas.  This place came up on Yelp and looked interesting so we figured we would give it a try.  The food was pretty good.  My son had a cheese crisp, wife had beef enchiladas and a chicken taco, Mother-in-law had pork tamales, and I had the beef green chile.  They gave us to big baskets of chips and salsa (which we eat too much of!).  Everything was pretty good, but the margaritas were really good.  I always try the house first time I go someplace since I think it is a good judge of how good a place is and theirs did not disappoint.  I think they should advertise them more because they are so good.  Very fresh tasting!  Next time we go back to AZ we will definitely visit again.
3	We've been here a couple of times and both have been good experiences.  I just haven't found the "perfect" food that I love to eat but what I have ordered has been decent.  This most recent occasion I got the tamale dinner and had one meat and one corn.  The tamale's were a decent size and it also came with a generous portion of rice and beans.  It was good but I wasn't dazzled.I will say though, their tortilla chip is delicious.  It's soo flavorful, even without putting any salsa or other dip.  I joked with my friend they must fry the chips in some sort of super lardy oil or something.  We pondered and decided to not ponder any further.  Ignorance is bliss.The service is good.  I just haven't found that one dish I love and have to have but I like it enough to come here again.
3	Food was good, unfortunately, many in my party was not feeling good the next day.  Not accusing this place of food poisoning, but it did have a negative affect on most of us that ate there.
3	We expected great things and for the most part we weren't disappointed, I just expected more.  Being from Montana, and in the Southwest on vacation, I thought after reading reviews I'd be in for something special.  What I got was typical Mexican fare and flare without being dazzled.Don't get me wrong, it was still very good.  Just not special.I will give them a nod for their home made hot sauce.  Very very spicy and very very delicious.No ground beef.  Shredded only.Small indoor dining room with rustic chairs tables.  Not very comfortable in the chair department but the Mexican theme is strong inside.Outside is also nice when it's cooler.Standouts to me were the the sauce mentioned earlier along with the cheese enchilada.
1	Steer clear from their fish tacos! They were absolutely horrible!  The side of rice and beans were tasteless! Chips and salsa were good and that was it!
5	I love this place...go here weekly for about 10 years now!
1	The service sucks. The food is ok. Don't let the good ambience of the place fool you. The only good thing is the chips and salsa.
5	I have never had mexican food that can beat Old Pueblo's! It is the best, hands down!
3	Lively Friday night just enjoyed good Mex food. Chimichanga was really hott had to wait to eat it  :-( taco salad had strange lettuce like Arugula...not very mexi in my opinion. Inside lighting was like a living room kinda strange. Sit outside next time. 2 meals and a drink under 30 can't complain too much! Would return.
4	We tried Old Pueblo out for lunch, the food was good and well prepared.  The waiter was excellent and attended to our needs.... good food, good times
5	I've been to Old Pueblo more times than I can count. Hands down the best chips and salsa I've had. Ever. The staff is friendly and attentive and the food is fantastic. My favorite is the carne asada and I always have enough for lunch the next day.
2	The second time I went here, it was absolutely horrible.  I ordered a vegetarian dish.  It came out stone cold.  I sent it back and it came out a second time, covered in cheese and when I dug in, I found meat.  They didn't even care!  I sent a letter to the owners and NEVER got a response.  This place is a disgusting excuse for a restaurant.  BEWARE!
1	This place sucks, not good Mexican food. The Taco Bell I had the other day was more authentic.
1	Service & food sucked. Walked in with a group of 13 people and was told by the bus boy to seat ourselves. After literally 10 minutes, we were finally able to sit down after my family members rearranged different tables around to accommodate. Not once during this whole time did the servers offer to help; instead, they walked around us pretending to be busy (the restaurant was almost completely empty). I made the mistake of ordering fish tacos in Arizona... The tilapia was disgustingly FISHY and no amount of squeezed lemon was able to save it. I also had to ask for more corn tortillas from the kitchen because the original ones that came wrapped around it were completely soaked through from the rice and beans (to the point where I couldn't even pick them up--they all fell apart). Margaritas were ok, as were the salsa, chips & quesadilla that we had as apps. Came here last year (when we again stayed at the Wig Wam Resort across the street) and forgot about how less than mediocre this place was.  If it wasn't for my FIL not wanting to drive, we definitely wouldn't come back here. Now we know. Blegh.
3	I had a dinner with my friends a few days ago. It was a weekday night but very crowded, we sit outside and I enjoyed the ambience. I had chicken tacos and it was okay but taco shells taste old. Corn chips are stale.
1	Great chips and salsa. And that's as much as I can rate. Seeing as we didn't get to order our drinks for a ridiculously long time. Then the sever never came to get our dinner order. So we paid and left. The chips and salsa is enough to make me give this place another shot but need to make sure there's no game or private party or anything that will make them busy and incapable of serving any other guests.
3	Been here several times and the food is never good. Chicken is always super dry, and most things do not have any flavor, except for the chips and salsa, which are the only good things here...that and the outdoor patio. My suggestion would be to come here for drinks and chips and head to litchfields across the street for some yummy dishes.
2	We keep coming back so that must say something... The food is good.. Sometimes it a miss though.  But hands down the worse service ever and that never changes each time we come back!!  Food good.. Could be better and don't charge for sour cream but let's get the service better please, would hate to stop coming here
2	This is a very busy place on Friday nights and they don't seem to be capable of making the proper adjustments to adequately serve large numbers of customers.The service was generally slow and inattentive, though it did improve once they became aware of us.There is also an unrealistic expectation that patrons will automatically know to seat themselves upon arrival.I have nothing good to say about their food.  Their carne asada burrito was bland, watery, and unappetizing.  Their chile relleno made me gag.  It was by far the worst.  The chile itself was hard and difficult to chew and I had to spit out the seeds.  The taste was disgusting.  I pushed it aside immediately after choking down the first bite.  The chicken enchiladas were extremely dry and tasteless.  I literally left half a plate full of food uneaten.  Our waitress kept asking if I needed a box, to which I repeatedly declined.Their only saving grace is the chips and drinks.  My margarita was fine.  No complaints.In sum, if you want to punish yourself and have a miserable experience, eat at this restaurant.
2	Was excited to try this place out and was bummed to leave disappointed. I had the spinach enchiladas and was happy until I hit the middle. They were cold and gummy which ruined the whole experience.Food was a bit blah and service was incredibly slow.
1	Bartender are super Rude !!!! And they take for ever to bring you a drink that is if u lucky enough to get service . And they get mad if you don't tip  Them but why would u tip for a horrible  service We never going back again !  Taps next door to them is way nicer and they always give you a great service super cool people and the food is great .don't waist you money here not worth it.
4	Best chips and salsa in the area. Very popular for locals...gotta really look for this place but it's worth it. Good portions and good taste. Very consistent, every time we go. The staff is friendly and service is quick.
4	I stopped here for lunch while visiting friends over the weekend.  I've been here many times years ago when I lived in Goodyear Az and always had a good experience but this time was only mediocre.The art and food festival was going on down old litchfield road which brought out a ton of people.  Surprisingly, there was an open table on the patio though and we didn't have to wait at all.  The place was very crowded though and it took almost an hour and a half to get our food after we ordered.  I got the enchiladas suizas which are usually very good but this time mine were only luke warm at best.  No one else at the table complained.  The chips and salsa were good as well, they bring out two types (a spicy one and a milder chunky one).Overall, this is a decent mexican restaurant (probably the best one in Goodyear).  They have good food and it is in a nice scenic part of town tucked away in old litchfield park.  They also have a full bar but I think their margaritas are a little too sweet.
5	A friend and I decided to stop by here since it's so close to Luke AFB where we are stationed and was told their food was pretty good. We showed up at the time it opened and was greeted by a nice waitor right away, he was nice and friendly, also brought us chips and two kinds of salsa, one was like a picadillo which was very tasty. I ordered a combination plate that had a chicken crispy taco, cheese enchilada with green saue, chile relieno, rice & beans and oh my it was good. I was very pleased and so was my friend who had a chicken quesadilla and taco. I love where its located within a cute neighborhood and how its family owned. I will recommend this place to everybody.
1	We used to love this place. Great drinks, salsa, and food. Last few times have been very disappointing.  Tonight, terrible service, very slow... Three different servers brought us stuff every 15 minutes. Food was dry an not flavorful. We had to wave down another server for our check, then wait another 15 minutes an finally took it to the bar to pay out. It's Friday night, hire some attentive staff. We won't be back. This great lil restaurant has gone down hill the last few years.  Not recommended, go down the street to Manny's, good food an great service!
3	After choosing our table and having it cleaned, the same young waitress returned with chips, salsa and menus. I asked the waitress for a Coke to which she replied "I'm not your server". After waiting a little while our designated server appeared and took our order. Our designated server delivered our first round of drinks and our food. The rest of the time we were constantly asked by the first waitress if we needed anything, including refilling our drinks. I think we were in a server parallel universe.BTW - the food was okay.Beware of the umbrellas at the tables. They have seen better days. After almost being beaned by one I spent the rest of the meal holding on to it so it wouldn't fall on me again.
5	Amazing service from Jelly for lunch today, and seriously good food!  A wonderful hot sauce with heat and a great pico start things before you even get to sample the tasty tacos and enchiladas.  Highly recommended.
2	It's hit and miss with their service.  I'm not sure what is going on with this place, every time we go back it seems to be getting worse. Seems like the owner only hires teenagers who don't care or want to be there. Sad to see this place start to go under and loose customers..
5	Was told they have the best chips & salsa in town.....THEY DO!!  Salsa in a squeeze bottle and chips are fresh made!  Cheese enchiladas were delicious the staff was GREAT and the evening outside seating was perfect!  Go there now!!
5	Happen to come across this little restaurant while staying at the wigwam, the food was awesome only to be outdone by Michelle our waitress we cannot say enough about her prompt friendly service to helping us decide what to eat, great job Michelle. I also want to give kudos to the guy who brought out the chips and salsa great job.....
3	I hate to write this review in a negative way...However, I will start by saying the best Mexican restaurant around this area by far!  We love going here and I will continue to go during lunch or the day and site on the restaurant side.  We are pretty regular and on a Friday night I had 6 friends join me on the bar side and the blonde bartender behind the bar was the most rudest, snottiest, slowest waitress I have ever come across.  I know she has been there for sometime and MAYBE just maybe she was having a bad day BUT her attitude was off the charts and made our Friday night one to NEVER forget nor return on that side or on a Friday night!  I know how busy the Old Pueblo is every night and this message won't affect the business (not my intentions). I just wanted to point this out to anyone who has received this same behavior (unacceptable).  Enjoy the food!!!
5	Great experience! The staff was making sure everyone was well taken care of.   Food was amazing, hot and came out fast.  We're definitely coming back.
1	Service was absolutely horrible.  Our appetizers came out after our meals even though we kept asking for them.  A Margarita was brought out after 3 times asking for it and it was all melted.  The food wasn't hot.  This is a poor excuse for a restuarant.  The guacamole was tasteless.  Everything was bad all around.  ychhh
3	We had such a blast here. Love coming for the kareoke. It's a lot of fun and the staff is great. However.... at the end of the night our bill ended up being 300 bucks for 6 rounds of drinks with no food. And instead of letting us know how much our bill was getting up to they decided to be selfish and just hand us the bill at the end. They are way too expensive.  14 bucks for one drink depending on the drink
3	Three and a half stars. Decent Mexican food. I could tell because there was some still on my menu!Full bar. One decent margarita. One type of Chardonnay for my wife. Nothing special about the place at all, just basic good food. Service was nice and efficient. Plenty of seating and they were busy tonight. (Thursday)
2	Why oh why isn't their decent food in the SW Valley? I really wanted to like this place- went for lunch today. Service was not good at all. The wait staff was inattentive and lazy. They don't give you dishes for chips and salsa. The waitress brought our food out and was holding our hot plates with a dirty blue towel. The food was tasteless which was a big disappointment because the menu choices were decent. The food was bland- I had the chile relleno and the spinach enchilada- no flavor. House margarita was watered down and too sweet. Won't be back.
2	Guacamole needs help! Fish tacos were good. Taco salad was good too. They need to keep doors closed to keep flies out!!!
5	First class experience.The outdoor seating was perfect.  Went on a Friday night and the place was busy, but not over packed.Got seated right away and our unlimited chips and salsa and drinks were brought ASAP.The carne asada nachos..... top notch. I really love my nachos.The nachos were so good that I had to get the carne asada dinner as well, and as I had hoped, it was delicious.Great food, great atmosphere, great mexican dishes. I recommend this place and will be back soon.
4	We were here for a wedding reception and dined outside. The wedding also had a band which seemed to be enjoyed by restaurant patrons, too. The service was incredible and we enjoyed their buffet of tacos, bean burritos, cheese enchiladas, rice and beans. Their chips and salsa were very good, too!
4	My nacho craving was back so I decided to drive down here to get some!  I read an article online stating that the nachos at The Old Pueblo Cafe were some of the best in the West Valley.  I had to check them out and confirm that myself!  I drove down, walked inside and was told to sit wherever I wanted.  I grabbed a table outside (the outside patio area is huge btw) and was brought some chips and 2 kinds of salsa.  The chips were pretty good...thin, crispy, salted fine.  The 2 salsas were a pico de gallo and one that was in a squirt bottle...more like a hot sauce than a salsa.  They both tasted fine.  The pico was actually really good and refreshing.  I ordered a water to drink and placed my order for the Old Pueblo Nachos with shredded beef.   Here is how they were.................Old Pueblo Nachos ($9.95)-  These things came on a massive hot plate!  These nachos had a ton of crispy and sturdy chips, pinto/refried beans, melted cheese, shredded beef, sour cream, guacamole and a little lettuce and tomatoes.  Could have done without the lettuce but I think it was just for presentation purposes anyways.  The nachos were great!  The shredded beef had a bunch of green chilis in it.  It was delicious!  The cheese was melted perfectly, the beans were hearty, and the chips were warm and crispy.  A tad bit skimp on the sour cream and guacamole but most places are like that anyways so I can't complain.  I did my best and devoured about 75% of them and was stuffed to the brim.  Definitely a delicious and plentiful order of nachos!Service was friendly.  The waiter was very quiet and mellow and so was the lady who brought out my food.  They were both nice though and checked on me throughout my meal.  I don't know when I will be back just because it is a little bit of a drive from where I live (20 minutes or so) but the chips, nachos and service were definitely worth a return visit.
1	Thursday night around 9pm.If you show your customers how messy you are I don't want to know what goes on where I can't see. As I walked in through the doors I couldn't help to notice we were the only ones in the restaurant. Two ladies sat on the corner having a conversation. Me and my girl stood at the door way trying to figure out if we self seat or wait. Finally one of the ladies in a loud voice says "this side of the restaurant closed early however if you go across the way towards the bar side they can take your order".I walked through another set of doors and take a seat. I take a look around my surroundings only to realize their are  a number of tables scattered across the room with partial food on their plates, dirty empty glasses. You can clearly see they had been their for a while all the meanwhile I observe 3 workers having a good time near the bar. I counted less than 10 customers.I walked out.
1	Came in after probably a year without eating here on a Saturday morning to watch the ASU game at open. It took four employees 20 minutes to figure out how to get the game on, terrible service, mediocre food at best. I always spoke highly of this restaurant as my daughter goes to school across the street. I won't be back.
4	Chips poco and  green salsa with beef. Open air and AC inside. Drink goodThis is right across the street from The Wigwam.  the food was good, you got a lot of it, and the cost was very reasonable.  I got Chips poco and green salsa with beef.  They were not too spicy.  The marguerite was excellent.Considering they were hosting a large bridal party, they were very attentive to a single diner.  I got everything I needed or requested very promptly..  Definitely worth the money.
5	Can't say enough good things, wish we lived nearby! We would come here all the time...!
3	We visited this location to support a fundraiser. We appreciated that they took part in the fundraiser but the food was boring and the service was slow and totally bored out of their mind too. The outside table next to us actually had a chair break while they were dining, I felt so bad. I am not sure if anyone even helped them out. Nothing special but I do appreciate the help they gave fundraising.
