4	Upon walking in this place had a new building feel. Everything in here is new and nice. Staff is friendly, talkative but not overly. Which is a good thing. They are definitely still working out the kinks. One qualm for an antsy person, they only have one register so if a phone order comes in then it backs up. To be honest I don't care because they will most likely get that fixed real quick (hopefully anyways). I have been waiting for this place to open, not necessarily for any reason aside from it being a new place close by to try. I am checking out the dishes people have around me and they look okay. If you look at the online menu it is not the same as in store, no wings but I hope soon they will. I will be more than happy to rank that. The place is clean (as expected for being 3 days old) and the volume isn't loud. They have a baby sleeping in the back. Awww.  Haha.  The lighting is good so you older crowd no need to bring your own flashlight. It was a little confusing coming in. I wasn't sure if I was to sit down or order up front. I just waited up front and that seemed like the way to go. An "order here" sign would be awesome. Definitely seems/looks like a family owned place. There is limited seating so if they get popular be prepared for a wait, or order out. I ordered the PPC signature six piece, as recommended by the cashier. It is a square "crunchy"  pizza. Crust is between an average and thin crust (in thickness).  Takes around 20-25 minutes to come out. Crust is very crisp. It comes standard as just cheese. I assumed signature meant signature toppings too. Ask questions before ordering. I loved how the crust was crunchy and the dough was soft (not under cooked) in the middle. The pizza was not oily like you would assume a small place like this would have. Napkin to oil value per piece, maybe like 1/3 to half a Napkin needed to absorb oil. Minimal oil on my hands after holding the pizza. The sauce was standard. They did a little bit to it to set them apart from the chains but nothing to call home about. Dough to sauce to cheese ratio is perfect for this pizza. Definitely a great family night pizza and affordable/reasonably priced. Would love to bump them to a 5 but I need to try other things before I do that.
5	My husband and I wanted to try this new place out and are SO GLAD that we did! The entire experience was wonderful - from the friendly staff to the welcoming atmosphere and let's not forget the pizza! We tried the PPC square pizza. This place nailed it. Tasted just like the pizza I grew up with in Pittsburgh (a little better in my opinion). The crust was crispy and the sauce and cheese tasted fresh. We can't wait to go back and try out some of their sandwiches! Hard-working staff, clean restaurant, and delicious pizza...can't ask for much more!
5	I am a frequent visitor to another local haunt near Pittsburgh Pizza Company, and I was very happy to see a new Pizzeria coming to the neighborhood.  I have never been to Pittsburgh PA., and I was curious how Pittsburgh Pizza would compare to New York Style or Chicago Style.  For the record, I am a fan of Pittsburgh Pizza and the Pittsburgh Pizza Company.  The Crust; Perfect.  The Sauce; Outstanding.  The Service; Great. Cleanliness; Top Notch.Pittsburgh Pizza Company, "Thanks for finally opening, and welcome to the neighborhood!"
1	Tried this pizza tonight-worst ever.  No flavor at all. Frozen pizza would have been better.  Will not be back
5	Eaten here twice in the past week, extremely friendly staff, very clean restaurant, and awesome food! Hands down the "Yinz Gotta Try" this sandwhich is the best! Order it "Pittsburgh Style" trust me you won't be disappointed. The pizza is incredible, the sauce is extremely flavorful, and the crust is amazing! Can't wait to come back again!
1	I'll keep this short and sweet, it was terrible. We ordered a pizza with three toppings and I swear we couldn't find any of them on our pizza.Their a brand-new business so I don't understand; I would think you would want your customers to be happy and think that it's great and want to come back for more. Think next time I'll buy a frozen pizza from the grocery store. That would've been much better! Hell, I'll just grab an English muffin and put a little ketchup on it, would of been exactly the same thing.I gave them one star because I had to in order to save this the post. But in all actuality, I wouldn't even give them a star.
5	Good pizza.  Reasonable prices.   Good addition to the neighborhood.  Service was fast and employees were courteous.
4	Who knew that there was a Pittsburgh-style pizza? It's cooked in a square pan, with a thin, crispy crust. The sauce is really mild and the cheese is, too. Different, not bad.We went to this new spot on a Saturday night. 15 minutes before closing. The folks there chatted us up and told us what we were in for. They promised that everything is fresh and made in-store. We enjoyed our sausage pizza and had plenty more for a couple of lunches. Them price was right and the pizza is good. There are a few killer pizzas in the neighborhood, and we'll be back.
4	New, little, family owned pizza shop. Definitely has a friendly vibe to it, the employees seemed very kind and checked that I was satisfied with my meal. They have a couple inexpensive, quick lunch specials if you are in a hurry. Also, the six piece and family size signature, square pizzas are a yummy change of pace which I haven't seen before. On a busy night it may take a couple extra minutes to get your pizza than some places. However, they cook everything fresh using quality ingredients. So, to me it's worth a little longer wait for better taste. When I went in the other day they had just gotten two nice, big tvs installed. And they have good priced bottles of beer and wine. So I'll be frequenting during football season for sure!
3	Have been living in this neighborhood for almost 5 years and during that time there has been no local pizza places so I was excited when I saw this place. Stopped in tonight and ordered a 2 topping 16 inch normal pie to go. We sat in the restaurant to wait and talked with one of the staff who was very friendly. The interior was small and sparsely decorated but clean. Since we were the only ones there we didn't have to wait very long for our order to be ready. Upon opening the box I was a little disappointed with the appearance and of the fact that canned mushrooms were used. The cheese, which was a bit sparse, was melted but not very melted. The sauce was tasty and the crust was nice and crispy. On the whole it was not the worse pizza I have ever had but at 20 buck for a 16 in it was a bit pricey for what it was.Conclusion: I will chalk the first experience up to the restaurant having just opened and I will try it again in a few weeks but I do hope that some of the things that were not great will improve.
5	As someone who grew up in Pittsburgh, I was very excited to check out PPC and get a taste of home.  The pizza was great and the staff was awesome.  I was only disappointed that chicken wings weren't on the menu (AK Valley style to be specific!)! Will definitely be back again soon!
4	I had a PPC 6pc signature pizza with pepperoni and PPC special salad.  This place is not Pizzeria Bianco and it is not trying to be but  it was economical and tasty.  I love the family atmosphere and I am glad the area has another sorely needed Mom n Pop place to eat.   I will come again to try something else.
5	We live in the neighborhood and were curious when we saw a business advertising a Pittsburgh connection. Being from the suburbs over in East Liverpool, Ohio, we were excited to try it. When it opened, we were not disappointed. Turns out Adam, the owner was from our neighboring town of Steubenville. He had even worked in our favorite local pizza shop, Bruno's, for a while in preparation for opening his own shop. The pizza is rectangular and made in a tray, just like back home. The flavors and style are very reminiscent of Orlando's Pizza in ELO. Just such a great nostalgic taste of home. We instantly felt like we had made a friend and were part of the family. Also, check out the buffalo chicken pizza. Great flavors with a bit of a kick!
5	Don't trust the one star reviews. This pizza had nice flavor and the Pittsburgh style crust is to die for.  The Buffalo chicken pizza is new and we fell in love. The crust is light and crispy . Check this place out. Oh and another big plus. They serve beer and wine!
3	Have been meaning to visit this place, as it is only a few blocks from home. We eat plenty of pizza, and are always looking to try something new. We tried their 16" family style pizza with various toppings.  The crust was not too thick, not too thin and  nice and crispy on the edges. Sauce was tasty, but not impressed with canned mushrooms.  I love supporting family businesses, but for the $21 this pizza cost, I could have had twice as much pizza from many other places.
2	sorry, just did not like it. Did enjoy the crispy crust but the tomato sauce just killed it for me, it was bitter and in general the pizza was flavorless. I'll try it again sometime just to be sure but really can't recommend it at this point.
4	I came back to check out the pizza again.  Like i said in my previous review the sauce still leaves a lot to be desired. Maybe seasoning it up a little more or adding something else in there? (garlic?)Anyways, it was really nice to see that they have been working on their menu and beefing it up since the last time. They have visuals for you on what type of pizza to order. I like that. Nice small and easy fixes that makes me able to leave this at a 4 star.I love this place IN COMPARISON to pizza hut and dominos. I would put them in this pizza circuit and rating system. Their prices are fair, and I would definitely frequent this place if I had children who wanted pizza. Its a healthier less greasy choice than the aforementioned pizza places.The 4 stars is the experience and overall pizza. This would not make my list for sitdown gourmet pizza places. I don't think that is their intended market to compete with those pizza places. I think they intend to go against the "fastfood pizza".
5	A nice surprise!  We enjoyed the 16 inch square pizza topped with sausage and pepperoni.  The crust was crispy, the sauce was just the way we like it very flavorful.We prefer the pizza to be served warmer, but overall we were very pleased with the service and our choice of pizza.  We will return again.
3	Listen... the ONLY reason this place gets 3 stars is because the people are SO nice! Stopped in here for lunch and I'm here to tell ya the square pizza the do for the lunch special is hands down the worst attempt at pizza I've ever had... and I've had Cici's Pizza Buffet. I had the sausage and this dingbat I was with had pepperoni. My sausages were tiny little flavorless pieces that looked more like browned ground beef. The pepperoni was even more ridiculous!  About the size of a melted penny. They did have a real nice crunch to them . So I guess I'll be back to try something else because there is no way anything else can be as bad as what passes for pizza inside these walls!
3	Just picked up a buffalo chicken ranch pizza and although the crust is great and toppings delicious it wasn't hot. The cheese was not cheesy it was solid and cool. This is my first experience with them so will give them another shot because the crust and toppings were so good. Hope they don't disappoint next time!
3	The staff was very friendly. The pizza was just OK. We ordered our pizza for take out and had to put it in the oven when we got home because it was undercooked.
5	Being from OH and having family in PA and WV, this was a fun addition to the neighborhood.  I'd never had Pittsburgh Pizza, but for those that have had Youngstown Pizza, they should feel right at home here. The crust and the sauce can come across a bit bland, but the intent is to let the toppings shine.  In Youngstown they call it the Old World style.And if you're looking for the best sandwich in Phoenix, you gotta try the Yin'z!!!  Five stars for this alone.  Unless you are very hungry, it's great for sharing.
5	Wow! This place is delicious! I've been back for three days in a row now and will likely be in tomorrow for their $1.50 beers on Thursday. It was fate!
5	Just had chicken parmwich and buffalo chicken pizza ... Was amazing, great food and service
1	DOESNT EVEN DESERVE 1 STAR!White pizza comes with sliced tomatoes and pickeled banana peppers (vomit)Asked for garlic.  NO GARLIC. so we asked why no garlic? was told...  ITS NOT ON THE MENU! well geez you could have said something. AND THE CHEESE?  CHEESE?  definitly NOT CHEESE!NOT GOING BACK....
1	We got a coupon for a free hoagie roll sandwich, buy one get one free. I got the Italian roast beef, my husband got the meatball and an order of fries. The hoagies were terrible, the roast beef tasted like it came out of a can, the au jus tasted like low sodium beef broth. The meatballs were soft and flavorless, the sauce tasted like Ragu. The fries were saturated with oil, under seasoned, and soggy. Not to mention our sodas were flat. I'm glad we didn't pay full price for this slop.
2	My wife and I thought we would check this place out to support local new business. We ordered a square pizza with one topping that was on the promotional coupon we used.  We ordered it to go and waited only 5 minutes. The box wasn't hardly warm. I believe they warmed up an order that never was served earlier. The pizza was not badbut will not be back. Paid  $10.99 after $2.00 off coupon and had 6 small pieces. I would think you would put more pride into a Mom & pop operation.
5	Great pizza, great people, great place. Do not drive by this place. Phoenix is very limited in good pizza if you are from back east. This place has it right.
