5	I was visting family in Mesa last weekend & needed a haircut bad! Found Tony's Barbershop while driving by. Tony seemed like a very nice guy he did a excellent job on my cut. Im not from the area and my brother in-law said id be spending about $20 on a cut around town, I was shocked Tony only charged $12.  I normally dont write online reviews but this shop deserves it. Thanks again for the awesome cut guys!
5	This is the only Barber shop I will be going to from now on. I live in Gilbert and I'm still making the drive to have Tony cut my hair and trim my beard.I have Tony cut my 6 year old son's hair and it's the best cut the little guy can get anywhere. Much better than the franchise places.Other pros: * Great Prices* Great Hours* Tony is an experience barber and really takes his time with everything he does. * His wife cuts hair upon request and special appointment but my wife says she is phenomenal....you'll have to ask Tony how to get one of the appointments.* Great Barbershop conversation.
5	Had my first haircut at Tony's today. Great job! Tony is very professional and courteous. Very good price too. Had a great conversation during the whole process. I highly recommend this place for your next haircut. :-)
5	This was the first time I had my hair cut at Tonys. Nice simple place. Tony  did a great job. When I got home my wife said she like it and that's what matters most.  I'll be back for sure. Thank Tony.
5	Found a nice little Barber shop on Power Rd about a mile north of Southern. Kinda small but nice and friendly old style shop.  Nice guy, Tony the owner gave the cut. When finished asked if I wanted eyebrows trimmed etc. instead of me having to ask which seems to be the norm at other places. Good prices. (only $12). Good conversation without being know-it-all-ish or booring,.like othersOnly minor drawback is most places have a mirror facing you or on the side so you can monitor how the cut is coming along. They don't have one here and had to trust. No matter, though, it came out just fine.NOTE: Hours on yelp say they open at 10:00 but they actually open at 8:00, which is great because I like to get those type of errands out of the way early.I'll be back, most definitely
5	Old school barber shop. Tony does a great job and makes great conversation. Definitely recommend.
5	I Highly recommend this establishment! Tony is as good as it gets,and you cannot find a better price. This is no great clips. Tony takes the time to do it right. His haircuts are always precise and leave me looking and feeling fresh. Keep up the good work! I appreciate the exceptional job you do.
5	Took my dad here and met Tony. A real friendly guy who keeps his shop very clean and sanitary. Price is extremely reasonable and he did a great job on my dad in order to be prepared for my upcoming wedding. Convenient hours and also takes appointments if needed. I'll be taking pops here from now on. I just hope I have time tomorrow to stop in for a beard trim and line up!
