5	Hip, modern vibe and yet extremely inviting and warm. It's one of those places that just being there makes you instantly feel cooler and more attractive. The staff was laid back, friendly and definitely not what you would expect from a salon in old town..or anywhere for that matter. Oh, and the haircut was great...that's important too right? Highly recommend!
5	Chanele is amazing!! I actually found her from reading other people's posts on yelp and decided to try her out. She is so amazing that I followed her over from another salon and her new salon is really exceptional! The Waverly is so clean and full of light - and very inviting. Also the most comfortable washbowls and chairs! (I alway dread the strain on my neck when I lean back to dump my head in that bowl! but her new chairs are super comfortable!)So...aside from a gorgeous salon - Chanele is a very talented stylist! Ever since I left LA it's been a bit challenging to find someone who can do amazing color AND cut. Usually the stylist can do one very well - but not both - and Chanele is really incredible! I'm loading up photos - so you can see for yourself! I have long wavey hair and she has made my color so natural and multi-dimensional - it's awesome - exactly what I was looking for. You give her a shot - you won't be disappointed! :)
5	Amazing!  Everything about this salon is exceptional. I use patty and Chanel, and I always leave happy with beautiful hair. I have used patty for ten years.  The ambience of this new salon is so zen and it has a great energy. With windows and light throughout, I felt like I was sitting outside while having my color done. The front staff is polite and concise, and their attention to detail is flawless. I can't wait for my next appt!  I highly recommend this salon.
5	I've been in AZ for 7ish years and have had an incredibly difficult time finding anyone that can cut curly hair.  After many many bad cuts I found Chanele. She is incredible and  I would recommend her to anyone, especially those of you that have curls!
5	This salon is amazing!!! Super modern, very clean, and everyone here is incredibly professional. They know hair and my blonde is not orange or strange yellow. It's pretty a blonde and the lady next to me just left with beautiful chocolate brown hair !!! If you want pretty hair this is the only place to go!! Trust me, I have been to all the other typical salons in the area and they can't compare to The Waverly!!!! Try it once and you will be back every time!!!!!
5	I have been getting my haircut by Chanele for 10 years (since I was a kid) and have been with her at 3 different salons now. Her new salon is so great! It's clean, modern, and has great decor. Chanele always does an amazing job on my hair and I can't imagine ever getting my hair done by anyone else. I don't even have to tell her what I want and she always makes my hair look great. I highly recommend going to the Waverly!
5	I'm accustomed to the standard mens barber shop for most of my life. I had a friend refer me to Tracy at The Waverly Salon in scottsdale.  I was a bit hesitant at first, I've always had great hair cuts strictly provided by your run of the mill retired army vet.  Putting this cut in to a new type of hands was sure to be an adventure!Needless to say, I walked out HAPPY and wicked impressed. I told Tracy she had room to get creative and I was open to any suggestions she wanted to present. I ended up with an "Adam Levine" hairdo and I have to say it was one of the best haircuts I've ever had! I will most definitely be returning regularly for any future haircut. Worth every penny!
5	I struggled with finding a stylist after moving from Minnesota to Phoenix several years ago. I bounced around different salons until finally finding Patty, now at The Waverly. Patty is an awesome stylist! She's done an amazing job with my hair from long to short and blond to brunette (and back again). The compliments I receive on my hair are all due to Patty! The Waverly is a great space for a salon. Open and bright with a very modern feel. I love everything about it!
5	I absolutely LOVE my hair stylist Patty Valdez!! Every time I walk out of the salon I feel like a million bucks! Patty has a tremendous amount of knowledge and experience in doing hair and always creates exactly what you are looking for. Cut, color, blow dry or extensions, she is hands down the best!!
5	This salon is so cute and the stylists are all awesome! Patty has been cutting my hair for 6 years now and I have followed her to the waverly! She does a great job and I totally recommend her! You can tell that she really loves what she does!
5	Guys and Gals - if you are looking for an update to your style, a new fabulous stylist, and a cool place to go hang while you are at it - look no further!  And you have to book with Patty!  She is amazing!!!  The Waverly is such a great environment and Patty is an amazing stylist - she has great ideas to incorporate into your hairstyle, and she is a fantastic colorist too!  All of my friends are now loyalists to Patty because she is that good!!!  The brand new digs at the Waverly are ultra chic- if you want some great people watching this is the place too - all the stylists and their clients have such a great style and vibe.  Its really fun to hang out, relax, get pampered by Patty and enjoy a little piece of hip Old Town Scottsdale!!
5	I've been going to Patty for years now and can say I'm never disappointed. Patty is always up to date with the latest styles and I'm always receiving compliments...thank you, Patty! If you're looking for a great trendy stylist that you never have to worry about, I highly recommend Patty! They recently moved to a new salon in Old Town Scottsdale, The Waverly, which is ultra chic and hip. Check it out and enjoy a glass of wine while Patty makes you look good!
5	I've been going to Patty for years and cannot say enough good things about her!  From cut and color to extensions the girl knows it all!  If I'm being indecisive, but want something knew she always has a great idea and it turns out better than I could have hoped for.  I'm always getting compliments on my color and have referred multiple people to her.  It also doesn't hurt that the salon is beyond gorgeous!  It's so fresh and inviting that it makes the whole haircut an experience.  LOVE HER!
5	Ryan, Ryan, Ryan!  She is innovative, professional, and most important, fun!  I've trusted her with my face, my hair, my makeup and...let's face it, my ego.  :-)  She has always exceeded my expectations, going so far as to buy me special hair care products when I cannot find what I need.Now, The Waverly?  Awesome as well.  I am really impressed with the energy of the space.  Everyone is always helpful and always smiling!
5	Rhealynn is amazing!  I know I will always love whatever she does!  Weither its a cut , color , updo ..  she will  make you feel like a million bucks!   Love her!
5	Steph is the best. I have been getting my hair cut from her for as long as I can remember. She is always upbeat and does a great job each time!
5	Sylists and salon experiences can be so emotional and so personal - it takes a ton of trust and finding the perfect experience can be a journey... The Waverly combines my amazing stylist Chanel with a gorgeous venue to bring together that perfect experience. I cannot praise Chanel and this salon enough! Look no further on your journey to the perfect salon experience :)
5	If your looking for a great mens haircut go see Nicole. After trying a few other places in oldtown before finding Waverly (formerly Krush) there's no reason to keep looking. You will definitely be happy.
5	I had a hair appointment with Tracy at The Waverly, and she exceeded my expectations.  She took the time to talk to me about how I wanted my hair to look, provided thoughtful and creative suggestions for my new haircut, and cheerfully proceeded to give me one of the best cuts of my life...seriously!  I have a ton of hair, and many stylists in the past have become frustrated or have tried to rush through the cut.  Not Tracy.  She took her time and made sure I had a look I was happy with before leaving.  I would highly recommend Tracy and The Waverly to anyone.  I will certainly be returning!
5	Got my hair done by Ryan!  She is amazing. I brought in pictures and she delivered exactly what I was looking for.   I've been searching for a new stylist for years since moving here from San Francisco and now I've found one.  Ryan's technique was fresh and unique.  Love the vibe at Waverly too. Feels like I'm at a salon in LA.   Great place!
5	Waverly is great.  I really enjoy the ambiance - the environment is really uplifting and relaxing.  Come in, see some smiles, beautiful people abound, have a refreshing drink, and get your hair done.  Doesn't get much better than that.  Ryan is absolutely fantastic.  If her incredible skills aren't enough, she's such a pleasure to talk to and she truly cares about the results you're getting with your cut.  Would absolutely recommend her to anyone.
5	Jessica was fantastic. The salon staff all professional and friendly. A lovely, CLEAN salon. We're visiting from California, but we will be back. Thank you for a great experience. See you in August!!
5	So I had a event in Scottsdale at the last minute and needed a blow out and luckily enough, Patty had an opening that evening. She was wonderful! During my appt we discussed how I would love longer fuller hair and we set up an appt for hair extensions. Two weeks later....Fabulous!!! She matched my color amazingly with about 3 different shades. You could never tell I have extensions, they are perfect ( I got the individual beads and about 130 of them...go big or go home). I would absolutely recommend the Waverly Salon and Patty is Awesome. I almost forgot...they serve wine while you are being pampered:)
1	I have seen two different hair stylists over the last two years. They were Chanelle and Patty.  Chanelle does not give you the color you request and when you ask her to correct she pawns you off on another stylist in the salon.  She does not hold her herself accountable for her inability to listen to what the customer wants. Patty listens but talks in hair language and does not realize that the people she does hair for have not been educated on the terminology of hair color.  When she says your hair must be ashy (one would assume a grey color) , she really means blue.  How one would know this not in the profession, I do not know.   After turning my hair blue, when confronted, she says it was my fault because she told me I would be ashy.  No accountability, and very rude.  For what you pay for this salon, it would be nice to have someone say "what can I do to make it right".  They do not know how to do this.  BEWARE!!!!!!!!
5	The Waverly provides for an amazing Experience! Where to start...modern and classy salon, beautiful people, warm and friendly reception and a tremendous selection of posh products to choose from!Chanele is the go-to girl at this chic spot. She is a color-wizard and knows her way around a pair of shears. She is totally willing to oblige with a girls-best friend, "the micro-trim," during the slow grow out stage offering just enough to polish off the ends without compromising the length. She truly is a master of her craft, which is probably why she is so busy (I know at least 8 of my girlfriends who swear by her and have for years).Definitely would recommend for ladies of ALL hair types, as I'm the rarer thick, long and wavy specimen, while my other girlfriends have more finer thinner hair, but she gratifies all.
5	I'm very particular about my haircut both from the experience to the stylist. Wow talk about a perfect experience. The salon staff are warm and welcoming. My stylist Nicole Wojcicki listened, consulted and then executed to perfection. If your looking for the right place and an A stylist-don't walk, run to the Waverly Salon and Nicole!!!!
5	I read about this salon on Yelp and couldn't have been more impressed by all the reviews. I am generally very cautious about who I go to for my hair as I have pretty difficult hair to cut/style. I was looking for a bit of change in my color, so I scheduled an appointment with Nicole. First of all, the receptionist Sharri is beyond wonderful. She was very helpful when I was making a basically last minute appointment, and then when I switched the time even more last minute, she did whatever she could to accommodate my crazy schedule. Thank you Sharri! Nicole is amazing! She listened to what I wanted and discussed with me what would work best for my hair and skin tone. I walked out of there with a beautiful new color and fantastic trim that I couldn't be happier with. The entire experience from when I walked in the door to when I left was just great, couldn't have asked for a better one, actually. I am already looking forward to my next appointment!
5	Tracy is FABULOUS! Being new-ish to town and after reading the reviews here I decided to try the Waverly. I was able to book on short notice, which I LOVE. The salon is beautifully modern and CLEAN. The products are delightful. But again, Tracy is FAB.She listened to what I wanted, but also gave me suggestions that I hadn't even considered. She was talkative and energetic. I had a blast sitting in her chair while she worked her magic. I left totally satisfied! Will certainly be back!
5	Salon Waverly--- I am so excited to write this review!  I've been going to Chanele since she worked at Salon Krush!!  Seeing her open the Waverly and it's success up to this point has been so so exciting. She is incredibly talented and does an absolute perfect job. I had an awful experience at another salon in old town and was referred to Chanele from a friend. She saved my hair and I haven't been to anyone else since. She is constantly making recommendations and listens to what you want. She is detail oriented and great with color. I haven't seen anyone else here but my friend goes to Patty and loves her. My roommate also goes to Ryan and adores her. She's so sweet, even gave my roomie a make up touch up when she came in from a 12 hour night shift at the hospital the night before. I know getting in with Chanele can be tough since she's booked up pretty far in advance but it is DEFINITELY worth the wait!The salon itself is beautiful, clean and modern. They serve you wine!! They also carry great products and I've switched to the Pureology shampoo and conditioner and it has really made a difference in the health of my hair. It's not drying out like it used too and doesn't need to be trimmed as often.Go to Salon Waverly, book your appointment now. You will not regret it, I promise.
5	I love the vibe at Waverly! Very cool salon with a rad decor. Sarah was my stylist today and she did an amazing job with my hair. She was very friendly and personable- I would highly recommend her! If you're looking for someone to help with your look, give Waverly a try, Govna!
5	I just moved from Orange County, CA and dreaded the thought of trying to find a hair stylist. Boy, did I get lucky!!  I went to Nicole. She colored my not-so-easy long mahogany red color better than ever before!  And, love her blow dry. Gentle but decisive!  It lasts 3 days which is amazing for my hair. Best ever!!  Salon is clean, trendy with great energy.  Cute receptionist is so friendly and welcoming also!!
