5	Their grand opening was today, so we decided to take a lookey.  Boy, were we pleasantly surprised!  The atmosphere has a laid back beach/hawaiian feel to it.  The staff was super dooper friendly and helpful.  Most importantly, their sandwiches were fantastic, flavor wise and texture wise and size wise (gi-normous!)!  1.  Class Cheese Steak (HOT SANDWICH) - "Thin-sliced roast beef sauteed with onions and peppers, smothered in melted Mozzarella cheese on a fresh baked roll."  This is right off their menu description.  I couldn't have put it any better!  It was juicy, hot and the roll was soft and fluffy.2.  The Priva (COLD SANDWICH) - "Slow roasted hand-pulled turkey, cranberry sauce, cream cheese, lettuce and mayo and a fresh baked roll."  The most amazing part of this sandwich was the REAL turkey!  It definitely looked hand-pulled to all the right small pieces.  The perfect amount of cranberry, mayo and cream cheese was in there, on top of the perfectly finely chopped fresh lettuce.  All in all, it was texture-gasmic.  The crunch of the lettuce, with the tangy combination of the cranberr-mayo-creamcheezynes, and the roasty wholesome turkey taste all on a fluffy bun was very satisfying.p.s.  They have other locations in the valley, and we were informed that they may be opening more.  woot!
4	At first I didn't really like the menu, but temptation grew every time I drove by. So finally, I stumbled in today after stopping by my job to grab something quick and I decided to get a Shortboard Combo (5" Shorty with ham, turkey, or roast beef; a drink; and a choice of a side for $6.45). I also added shredded mozzarella and thousand island for a bit more, but nothing too steep.The sandwich was awesome! Granted, there was no way to mess up a sandwich of this caliber, but it still satisfied my taste buds. This is my new favorite place to grab a sandwich and I'll definitely be going back more. I just got the rewards card so it will be worth it even more.I must say that I also love the decor. A surf-themed sandwich shop in the middle of a desert. Very refreshing to the constant desert palms and what not.If you enjoy it that much, they also sell shirts, hats, keychains, and necklaces for varying prices.I'll probably try the Charley Tuna or the Pastrami Nami next.
5	I decided to check this place out since I heard this place is good.   I decided to be safe and order the Boardhouse Original, a simple sandwich, and I selected turkey for it.  The turkey isn't the cheap processed deli turkey, it is actual sliced turkey.  The delicious one-of-a-kind hoagie roll they use was excellent, combined with their mayo lettuce and tomato, this was a super sandwich!  Sounds simple, but when you have a quality sub like this, you will taste the difference immediately.  During my lunch time visit, I found this place full and near capacity, having to grab the last table available to me. During my meal,  I was confidently asked by an employee how everything tasted.  The atmosphere is approaching a surf shack feel, but falls a bit short on the overall feel.   I hope they decorate it alot more with beach stuff, and don't hold back!  I feel that wood flooring in the dining area would be a nice addition..  Just continue with the theme, because this place should be around for a long time, if they keep up the good work.
5	Love this place! Talk about some really serious sandwiches, great portions, & obviously some delicious sandwiches. I try to make it out there as much as I can my favorite is the Turkado with delicious slow roasted turkey (the avocado & veggies) on top of delicious sourdough bread. Customer service is always awesome & the restaurant can get packed during lunch so if you stop by for lunch try to get there before the lunch rush.
4	I like this place. Came here with a couple of my friends. We're from out of town and we were in the area lookin for a place to eat before goin back to over-priced places on the strip. We each got different sandwiches and all of them were good! We were told it was happy hour so we each got a free fountain drink with our sandwiches. Also, the service was great! She gave us recommendations, brought our food to us, and checked up to see how we were doing. Nice place, good portions, and friendly service!!
3	The sandwiches were OK.  Had the Duke with the cranberry mayo and horseradish.  The Horseradish was a little overpowering.  The meat qaulity it OK.  Maybe if I had never come across Jimmy John's or Capriottis I would have ranked them higher.  If I'm in the neighborhood I'd probably go back, just not sure I'd go out of my way for one of them.
5	Seriously, if you don't go here your missing out! I've been going there for a long time and I keep saying I need to write this review. I apologize to them for my laziness.My husband and I love it. Every part of the place is amazing. The sandwich combinations are unique. The ingredients are wonderful from fresh meats and cheeses to the best bread ever. A favorite of ours is the woody knarley style, best hot dog ever! The Duke with the cranberry horseradish too.. yum We usually split, so we get to have two tastes out of one meal.Also, it's important to note the service is great, they always remember us and offer extra personal service for repeat customers. The value is much better than any place I've tried in the same price range.Sadly, it has just about stopped me from going to other sandwich shops period. They all pale in comparison. Try it!
3	I stopped by for lunch last Sunday cause I saw the sign that said 2 for 1 on Sundays for a limited time. I ordered the Boardhouse Beef Dip ($7.45) and my friend ordered The Pastrami 'Nami($7.95). My sandwich was just ok. Her sandwich was dry and she didn't even eat half. We both got sodas with our sandwich and the bill was just over $12 with one free sandwich. I might come back and try something else.
5	I actually reviewed Boardhouse awhile back...but I reviewed the one on Maryland Pkwy....while this is actually the one I frequent. This place has delicious sammiches! I usually ALWAYS get the Charlie Tuna. It is the tastiest tuna sandwich I have EVER eaten. Seriously. I go here quite often. It's an albacore tuna salad and there is a mango chutney that comes on the sandwich that is so, so good. The slight sweetness of the chutney blends well with the saltiness of the tuna, finishing with a little bite from the black pepper they shake on top. Not to mention the crunch of the lettuce and the freshness of the tomato...HEAVEN! I never thought any type of fruit with tuna would be tasty...but I went with it and tried it. I did learn the hard way though that if you order the Shortboard Combo you have to ask for mango chutney on the sandwich (an additional 50 cents, but well worth it). Also, when you order the combo it comes on a soft sub roll. If you order just the sandwich it comes on thick cut wheat bread. Go with the sub roll...even if you decide to order just the sandwich...go with the sub roll. It's nice and soft in the middle with a slightly chewy crust. With the sandwich I usually get the potato salad. It's actually pretty good. It's a mayonnaise base (no mustard), with I think dill. I've gotten the coleslaw before, but it's really kind of bland, not bad - just lacking a lot of flavor. Sad, because I usually love coleslaw. The total for the combo, with the potato salad, is always $7.51.I've also tried their California Veggie sandwich. It's avocado, cucumber, sunflower seeds, monterey jack cheese, sprouts, tomato, red onion, and cream cheese on that thick cut wheat. It was okay...I don't particularly like that bread, so i think it would be better on the sub roll.Every time I bring back my food to work I convince another person to try Boardhouse and they love it. Most of the meat eaters I know get the Chicken Bruschetta and say it's basically life-changing (okay, so they didn't REALLY say that...but they act like it). It's a warm sandwich top with grilled chicken, bruschetta, melted mozzarella, and pesto mayo.You won't be disappointed....it's a MUST try! OH, and lest I forget, they have a rewards card that allows you to earn "cash" towards sandwiches every time you order!! I actually had enough points to get myself a free combo meal for lunch today!!!
4	Seriously good sandwiches. A little expensive, but a quality sub.
4	North Vegas has a slew of chain restaurants and some "just okay" independent places.  The Boardhouse Serious Sandwiches shop , though, is a winner. Sure, it's pricier than a mediocre Subway.  But taste  wise, you can't compare the fast food mass made subs of one and the seriously made Boardhouse food.. I had the pastrami Nami on rye, and my brother had the turkey.  The pastrami was aromatic and warm, thinly and evenly sliced and lean.  It was placed on very soft, thick rye bread.  With mustard,it was a beautiful, tasty, tall sandwich.  I didn't try the turkey, but my brother didn't say a word the whole time he devoured his sandwich. He said the other sandwiches, from Tuna to roast beef, are all really good.When in town next time, I hope to try the other items and their cookies. Their featured item on their web homepage is a fat turkey sub with cranberry. It makes me drool...so I always keep a napkin at my computer. I love a place that's all about quality..I just wish they were in the OC.
2	Sigh.I used a Groupon Now $5 for $10. I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, so perfect opportunity.I went in around 4pm and no one was there, maybe a sign? I ordered a Turkado combo, with a small potato salad. Total $10.70.. ouch! They don't have wraps and I believe the only have white bread. It's a thicker type of bread, but similar to bagged bread you can get at the grocery store. The sandwich had chunks of carved bland turkey, tons of lettuce, a slice of tomato and a smudge of avocado. Can't forget the excessive amount of pepper they finished the sandwich with. Potato salad - mediocre.Their signature sandwich mocks Capriotti's with turkey, stuffing and cranberry sauce.I won't be back.
1	It is CLOSED!!!  We loved the place.  It was the only sandwich shop in North Las Vegas that offered such freshly made sandwiches.  The people were so friendly.  SAD!!!!
