4	One of the best cheeseburgers in town can be found at the "Wisco".  There's a pool table, dart board and volleyball out back. The drinks are poured generously, and there is often a really cheap beer special going on.
4	I adore this place. Inside is pretty roomy, and well equipped with foosball table, darts machine, a pool table, and coin slots. The outside has the nice sand volleyball court and some chill area. The biker (motorcycle) themed atmosphere is really rocking - I love the hard rock tunes played throughout the night. The bartender is very friendly, and so are the patrons. I will be back here for more low key night outs.
3	I like the Wisco, I don't love it but I would be damn unhappy if it ever closed down. Playing volleyball in the summer is tons o' fun. They always have good deals on cheap beer and strong mixed drinks. Also, they are one of very few places in town to put on rock shows even though they don't have a stage. Also, they only take donations so they turn out to be especially cheap rock shows with bands that would other wise be playing at larger venues but are simply looking for a change of scenery.
4	The WISCO has the best juke box in town, and the burger is very, very good. There is frequently live music for a budget price ($3-6). The patio is fenced so you can talk w/ friends and drink outside. It's a great place to go before and after larger shows at the High Noon; particularly since they serve food all nite.
4	this will always be THE WISCO to me, my go to bar, whenever i can get downtown.  the staff is great-decent people who can keep a good head on their shoulders when it gets a bit crazy inside- and they have some good cheap drinks.   it's exactly the same as i left it  years ago, and not many places can say that (while retaining their great character).  food is also awesome.  go here, get wasted, see some good local bands, and get a great bloody mary and cheeseburger in the morning.
4	This place used to be the shit when Marty worked there. He was the best bartender in town........If Shane (Sharky) still works there, hes a good shit, and deserving of your money,so tip him you cheap piece of slag. JSYK, this is a whisky and beer bar,( or at least it was) so dont order some bullshit, or youre likely to get laughed at, or just ignored period. Ahhh, nothing like the good old days, sitting out back at the Wisco with friends,enjoying a beer and a Wisconsin summer evening,then someone puke's.
4	Wisco so much the same only not so much. GoodPeople to sit and have a wee one or   A bite with me.Tiny Ryan Brooks Brooke and company Will bring a smile to your face along with Your favorite beverage And they'll cook,too.
5	Its the Wisco.  I love this place.  Its the only place that while playing shows you can jump from table to table throwing chairs and no one cares.  And they have decent bar food as well!
5	My all time favorite bar in Madison.If you want someplace dark, non-intrusive and cheap this is the place for you. The jukebox plays mainly metal and hard rock, but even for me (an non-metalhead) this is a great alternative to the Top 40 garbage they play at most downtown bars. The cover charge is cheap when there is live music. There is a patio where you can take your drink with you to have a smoke. (They will even give you a plastic cup to pour your beer in if you're drinking out of a glass bottle.) There are darts and a pool table.The bartenders aren't pricks even if you are a Ed Hardy douche bag. The crowd is mostly hipsters/hardcore/metal/ Willy Street hippies, but they are non-judge mental and don't have a heart attack when you don't know the same obscure hardcore band that is playing on the jukebox. This is not the place to go if you are keen on wearing high-heels and mini-skirts on a Tuesday night. Nor is it the place to go to find a stranger to hook up with, as it is too dark to see and everyone is too focused on their friends and drinks to notice you.To summarize, come to the WISCO if you want low (no) lighting, stiff drinks and good times.In fear of sounding like a hipster dick, I would like to voice that I hope this post doesn't bring in a gaggle of popped-collar-wearing-Coors-Light-drinking "Bros", or "those" girls with their pancake make-up, fake nails and tans, drunkenly dancing and kissing up on each other. You know the type. Just stay home.
4	Stopped by for some drinks and to hang out with the Unholy Rollers - one of Madison's Roller Derby teams - for their fan appreciation night.  We arrived rather early; the place was a bit slow, but that was A-OK, as the wait for drinks was non-existent.In a nutshell: low ceilings, uneven flooring, huuuuuuuge bar, tiny bathrooms, a really loud speed metal band, inexpensive drinks, really strong drinks, decent beer selection, great bartenders, and a fun crowd.  What more could you ask for?
1	It's tough for me to write a one star review sometimes. I'll try to be brief.I was somewhat impressed when I first walked in. $1.50 Pabst, a nice guy wearing a snood at the end of the bar, and a small crowd inside. The bartender was nice, but it was all downhill from there. It was dirty, low ceiling-ed, and torn up. A busser's tray laid on the floor to catch the leak in the ceiling and a thick layer of grime was just about everywhere. No such thing as waitstaff. The interior was hot and stuffy, with no opened windows to let in some cool night air.The patio outside looks out over the street corner and the high fence makes it feel instead like a prison yard. People are jumping an 8-foot high fence to get in and out, most everyone is drinking from glass bottles despite the (totally unenforced) signs, and people are throwing crap in assorted directions when the bottles are empty. Again, it's dirty. The guys here...they're not hipsters. I know hipsters, and they're not like this. These are miscreants who enjoy their negativity and their anger. There's an undercurrent of aggression present that is predatory, yet false at the same time. It's a bro-ness that comes off as similar to a fraternity house, just with a different strata of people. Avoid. There' are better places to be.P.S.: Ladies, there was another review on here that mentioned people getting dosed with royphenol and the patrons and staff being indifferent. That indicts everyone in the place. Don't come here; it ain't worth it.
3	Why is this place called the Wisco? Sign outside says Willy St Pub....Quintessential dive bar. Cheap drinks, decent bar food, dark and dingy, a couple tvs, loud bands, outdoor patio with volleyball! Cash Only!
5	The wisco is actually the only place that I feel at home. Anyone that says otherwise is actually not mentally capable of having fun. They have excellent burgers and beers. Try it out or die lonely.
1	I no longer frequent the WISCO due to the regulars who think they can harass and threaten visitors. I enjoyed seeing many fantastic bands in their totally inappropriate for live music space, but no lineup has yet to get me back in the door. A dive bar is one thing, but the threat of violence is too high in the last few years. Ironic since it used to be a biker bar.
5	Yey Wisco!  Fun people, great prices for drinks, and even better music.  What more can you ask for?
5	Divest dive bar in madison. Cheap dirty and angry in a town full of clean shinny new P.C. Financial aid money. Good music, crazy people, not for the weak or those expecting fancy smancy waitstaff. Don't forget to tip a dollar a drink. It's only courteous.
