5	AFV Exotic Arts is a dance studio specializing in pole, chair and burlesque dancing.  I have gotten so incredibly fit taking these private lessons (there are also group classes and parties) but it just feels like I am learning to dance.  My boyfriend says I am more confident and it's absolutely the truth!
5	What a fantastic opportunity to explore your own potential as a dancer and artist. AFV allows a safe, private, and accommodating environment which enables your creativity to flourish--it is a great place for a person to foster inner growth and physical development. This is a cozy place in which you can discover new strengths and nourish your talents, and it is in a great location. This is not your average 'pole dance' place, it is a boutique studio where you can plan private classes that cater to your needs or engage with other clients at the weekly 'drop-in' classes. The owner/instructor is a trained and experienced dancer who will help you to discover your own style, not mimic her own. Simply put, you'll have a blast!
5	AVF Exotic Arts is hidden in the plaza across from the Harris Teeter on the corner of the plaza and central avenue.  It is a magical place where you can change your life if you have the guts to try.  I learned about the studio after watching a friend completely change over a year long period. I saw my friend morph into a different person through going here.  She walks differently, she is very physically strong and she has a newfound confidence through consistently taking classes at the studio.  The pole works your entire body-your spirit-your mind.  It is a very safe place to challenge yourself and Anne the instructor is absolutely wonderful at what she does.  I don't have a lot of dance experience and I am not coordinated - she does an AMAZING job of teaching you moves in little pieces and then teaches you how to piece them together in your own style.  I had my first class this week and I am sore in places that I didn't know existed.  Every single muscle in my body was worked and I loved every single minute of it.  When the 90 minute class ended I was sad (this has NEVER happened).  If you don't feel comfortable in your body, you have been wanting to start working out and you want to do it in an amazing studio - I highly recommend AVF Exotic Arts.
5	We had a chair party at my house for my friend's bachelorette party. It was an absolute blast. Annie really knows how to make everyone into dancing and having a blast!!!!!!!!!!!! She is so cute and fun! It wasnt uncomfortable at all and  brought out our inner sexy!
