3	This casino was built for high rollers and went bankrupt immediately.  Marriott bought it and tried to turn it into a locals casino.  As a result it's a pretty classy place with some pricey restaurants.  The Irish Pub is my favorite.  However the first thing Marriott did was shut down what was probably the best buffet with the best dining room in Vegas.  The buffet now is a sorry affair that was shoved into a corner of the casino.  The Suncoast next door has better everything except decor and has movie theaters, bowling, food court, etc. which the Rampart doesn't have.  This place is around 15 miles from the strip which is probably why it failed soon after it was built.
4	We stayed at the hotel and has a great time gambling here.  Very fast cocktail services when you're playing the machines.  They make a decent tequila sunrise and bloody mary.  We joined the player's club and earned a few cool freebies.  Not the greatest casino out there, and not the reason to stay at the hotel.  It's really comfortable and relaxed.
3	They have a cool dinner spot and the food is decent and it's only like $7.00 a plate and they give you an appetizer and a dessert it was kinda cool if you are looking for something a little different and you are tired of fast food but you don't want to go to mcdonalds
2	My main riff with this place is that it is IMPOSSIBLE find a cocktail waitress.. We would have been better off using the water fountain waiting on them. Other than that, its an ok place, alot of older people there but nice. Rampart, we spend a lil more when we've had a few drinks, you guys know that though.  ;o)
3	Once upon a time I thought this place was pretty cool.  Now, it's just A-OK.The casino is very smokey and the employees are not really friendly here.  We use to enjoy coming here for a glass of Wine or three at the lounges....however, the entertainment here is sub-par and the people watching factor sucks....plus, the house Wine, which use to be pretty good, tastes like swill now.I only give this place 3 Stars because the food is ok in the restaurants.  However, you can find a better gamble and other entertainment options next door at the Suncoast.Will I return?  I'm sure I will....but not willingly.
4	My husband an I have been opting to play at Rampart instead of Red Rock and the Palms because they give the best promotions. Instead of giving away things I don't really need like ill designed housewares we get cash or credits on food. We didn't even play that much and they gave us $25.00 a week in free play. Then on top of that there's this drawing they have once a week . My husband already won 2 free buffets (I know their buffet isn't that special), and $50.00 in food credits that you can use anywhere on the property. We also get mailers that have get 2 buffets for free. It isn't like Red rock where you have to buy one in order to get one free. We also get $20.00 off any restaurant in those mailers. Where at the Palms gives us $30.00 between my husband and I but in order to use that we would have to eat at Simon . I doubt very seriously you can feed two people at Simon for that amount! The slots here are decent and up to date.  I'm pretty sure it's easier to accumulate points here because we don't play often but we get a good amount of rewards.
1	Ive only gone here a few times to feel really young and I am age-55, I have never ever seen so many elderly people gathered in one place in all my life, it is even rather sedate like a funeral home. they are cleaning up on folks retirements and pensions for Petes sake. I feel like the youngest person in the whole joint, I counted 30 people with walkers and more than 15 customers with mobility devices bumping into folks.  be afraid be very afraid.
3	It does get pretty smoky in here...no high tech air filtration system. But it's a casino...soooo....I love playing here when I stay at the Marriott. I lost at the tables and won at slots...which is kinda backwards from the usual. Play the Whammy penny slots...no whammies, no whammies, no whammies! So fun!
2	oh man. bless this place. Honestly you will not find anyone your age there. I gurantee it. It is a nice small casino, but i mean it really should be renamed to a senior citizen home. So many old people go there, not saying anything bad but it isnt meant for the youth to go there and gamble. Best bet is next door at The Suncoast.
3	It's OK. When I was there, it was pretty slow. And yes there are tons of locals that play this place and they are older. I guess it's an area alternative to heading downtown, which is another place to find locals who gamble. Just a little better off in Summerlin.The hotel is a great resort, but it's kind of out of the way, which is why the casino might be slow. I hope to return there sometime - had a nice time overall.
4	Changes are happening since the recent operational merge of the J.W. Marriott with the Rampart Casino. They are now sending gaming offers good throughout the casino and Marriott, including a discount on hotel stays. There is no escaping the advanced demographic of a majority of the customers here, but there have been recent inklings that they are trying to cater to the "youngsters". Rock 'N Roll Wine had an event here last month in the hotel restaurant Ceres that was well attended, and hopefully they will do it again. The Marriott had a nightclub years ago, and now they have a pseudo martini bar with a happy hour. I enjoy the "lounge act" (musician) at the center bar, and the casino has a good variety of gaming options. There are quite a few restaurants here including a decent Irish pub.
3	Casino is pretty large considering it's location. You can tell its been there awhile but they do keep the slot machines up to date. They have several very new machines with the latest technology. Played some blackjack, but all tables are hands down, which I haven't played before. It really isn't that different but with it being the first time I have played like that, I just couldn't get comfortable with the flow. All and all a pretty fun casino if your staying at the Marriott. Obviously I would prefer to be on the strip but the hotel is great for business meetings.
4	Oh Rampart how I hate to love you sometimes, and love to love you! First it is good to note that this casino is not very large at all, in fact it is quite small.  The crowd is mostly older folks, 50+, but I've noticed at times waves of young people come from time to time.  I have been going to Rampart just about every week for the past 6 months, and I keep coming back.  They have these cool U1 machines which offer awesome video graphics for video poker, keno, and slots; the chairs are super comfortable and you can reserve the machines for up to 6 minutes if you need to walk away!  After I have spent my free play and a little more I usually check out the Irish pub located right between the casino and hotel, nice little spot with live music on Fridays, possibly Saturdays too, but I've yet to go inside on that day. The ambiance is nice, the cocktail waitresses are SUPER fast and SUPER friendly, and the patrons as chatty and fun as well.  It is a favorite place of mine that I intend to keep coming to again and again.  Give it a try if you're around!
5	This is definitely a locals casino and has an older crowd but still worth the drive to visit. It's nice color scheme and layout make it a great place to dine, play or watch a show. They provide great comps on little play and offer delicious eats at the Deli Buffet.
2	This place is a little too slow for my taste. All of the patrons were senior citizens... don't know how that happened. I suppose it's ok if you're staying at the attached JW Marriott but I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this place again. Too small and too quiet.  I did get a free tshirt for signing up for their rewards program though!
2	This casino strikes me as being similar to any other casino. To me, casinos differ mainly  in age, aroma, smokiness, and the type of crowd. Rampart was a bit smokey. The crowd is a bit older with a lot of regulars. There's a decent bar with weekly entertainment. Other than the Round Bar the Casino is simply average.
3	This place is connected to the JW Marriott where I am staying.  Ate at the Irish pub and had a great corned beef sandwich which was as good as Katz and 13th Street Grill.  I don't gamble much but play blackjack on my iPhone so I thought I would give it a try here.  Won $45 in few minutes and got chicken and left with my $45. This place is out of  the way to get here so it attracts older people who want to find an easy place to get into.  I prefer these quieter casinos to the large mega places on the strip.  All the restaurants are easy to get into and they are all relaxing as it is quiet in here.  Does smell slightly of cigarettes everywhere.
4	Decent sized venue with many options. Though it was a bit of a challenge to find a black jack table that wasn't too full or too expensive, they do exist here. The dealers seemed capable and friendly. The bevs came by with some regularity. The Rewards Program is a question mark to me as I signed up rather close to the end of the official day. So, I had almost no time to accrue anything to then trade in for a chance at a prize and other excitement. Ah well. There were some bands playing there -- one in an exposed lounge, and another in what appeared to be a theatre. The smoke quotient? Not horrible, but still noticeable to some degree.
3	this is a fun little locals' casino with lower bets and generally friendly dealers.  facilities are  older but if you're in the area, it's not a bad option.  has your standard buffet, "nice" steak restaurant, irish pub and a starbucks.  no shopping, movies, etc. but you're close enough to some nice shopping centers and a golf course. a  high proportion of seniors play here.
3	I stayed here during a business trip...older crowd and a little quiet but it was nice that I could play any game I wanted without a wait. I learned how to play three card poker and I made $350.00.
2	Please be nice to the people gambling their pension and social security checks at this silent yet smoky casino. They don't have long to live.
3	I went here for a seminar.  It's just a casino, but I love the info I got at the seminar.
3	A casino catered to the local residents in Summerlin county Las Vegas. It is attached to the JW Marriott. Reasonable buy-in at tables and not as crowded as the casinos on the strip.
1	Long time customer who was informed by telephone that my rewards card was being revoked because I was not losing enough at the video poker machines.  I play about four hours a week but somehow they were not making enough money off my play or was somehow to lucky.  New management team run by Marrott has moved profit to the top of their list ahead of customer service.  I have since learned that I'm not alone in this new clean house of video poker players.  Seems that if you know what cards to hold before you redraw as some kind of a problem.  Saddly disapointed and will miss the workers who are very nice.
5	I love going to the Rampart. It is a smaller casino but they have most everything you can want to play here.The people are all so friendly and always remember your name. I have been playing here for a long time and they treat us like king and queens. All of the dealers are friendly and I like that, especially when they are taking my money.They have a nice round bar for drinks and the coffee shop is great. They always have some kind of fun special to snack on after gambling.
5	I have been visiting Vegas for almost 50 years.  Rampart is my favorite place to stay.  The strip is not for me anymore.  Let the drunk kids under 30 have it.  Let the tourist with the strollers have it.  I want a nice quiet resort to relax, and have a small casino.  They have it all there.  Low limit tables.  The casino host staff is a key to their success.  The other local casinos Red Rock, Sun Coast are nothing but vegas strip style casinos with lower limits and less class.  Not for me.  Since the Desert Inn was torn down this is my place to stay.  Class and quiet and good food.
5	I am writing this review to say how much I appreciate this casino.  We have been staying at the JW Marriott often this last year and find the place to be a small wonderful slice of everything we are looking for in Las Vegas without the hectic pace of the larger casinos and strip.  The casino host Brenda Park is amazing for help with any thing a player might need. She has been a key reason we have come to love this place so much.  She has made each trip we have made here special.   The casino is not new  but has many newer machines and every denomination you want to play. Table dealers are friendly.   The rest of the staff is  warm and welcoming.  The players are mixed from local to traveling guests at the hotel.  Many seniors play here as Summerlin must have a large retirement community. I find that a good sign.  If the casino were not good, who better would know that then the local people? Especially older people who have been on the planet long enough to know better.haha   We live 3 hours from Las Vegas and this is one of our favorite places to play.  Enjoy!
5	the rampart casino is truly welcoming!
3	Here's a casino with positive and negative aspects.It caters to an older crowd, which means by 1AM, when I do most of my gambling, it's pretty empty.During the day, however, it is one of the smokiest casinos that I have ever been to.I don't know how old the casino is, but their ventilation system definitely needs an upgrade.I smoke cigars, but I really have an aversion to cigarette smoke.It's a little smaller than the Stations casinos, which I'm not crazy about, because there are less choices of machines to play.On the other hand, the payouts there seem more consistent than some of the other casinos.The coffee shop is open 24 hours, which is good, and the prices are very reasonable.The buffet is hit or miss, depending on what day you go.On Thursdays, it's "deli night" (yum) and on Fridays it's steak night (eh).But overall, the buffet is pretty good, but a little pricy for an off-the-strip casino.So, there's some good, and some bad. 3 stars.
2	This place has lost it's energy and excitement.  When I lived in Vegas, we used to come here to go to JC Wooloughan's Irish Pub....and the place was usually packed and fun.  On a recent trip, we stayed next door at the Suncoast and decided to drop in for old time's sake.When we walked through the casino, we were disappointed.  There were only a few customers at the machines and tables and it was not exciting at all.  We hoped to find some energy at the Irish Pub....nope, not there either.We stayed and had a few drinks to see if it picked up a bit.  We enjoyed our conversation and the bartender at the pub was pleasant, but the scene didn't get much better.  We asked the bartender about this and she said it's been on a steady decline for years.  That's too bad, maybe one day it will return back to it's former glory.....at least we have some great memories to fall back on.  Return Factor - 30%
3	This place is a retirement home and casino all wrapped in one. A friend and I went to the main casino bar over the weekend. There were about 40 people there. None of them appeared to be under 60. I am not saying this is a bad thing, but if you do not receive social security checks in the mail, you may feel a bit out of place here.
4	I come here whenever I'm visiting my in-laws. I always have a good time. The payouts are way better than on the Strip. The vibe is mellow.
1	Local review...Employees here get away with belittling patrons and running them out.  I sat down and within 5 minutes heard out dealer insult foreign people who couldn't count fast enough with comments like "take off your shoes if you can't count and use your toes!".  When brought to the attention of the pit boss (Jackie vong) he apologized and said he would address the situation.  Shortly after sitting next to someone else who God forbid used the "f" word in Vegas (not insulting anyone, just jokingly expressing his loss) we were all grouped and asked to leave.  I will NEVER return to this place.  I kept returning hoping the place would be better but I would much rather stick to the SUNCOAST next door where they know how to treat people and have a much better environment.  Save your money and spend it somewhere where you will be treated with dignity.
4	I have had great luck at Rampart. It's my favorite place to gamble.Overall the property is very clean but the smoke is awful. Probably the worst I have experienced in Las Vegas. It seems to attract the elderly crowd so bring the patience.
3	After a birthday celebration nearby people had the idea to play table games so craps, roulette and blackjack here was the closest. Its a quiet little casino with not much going on. There's a few lounges and eateries but nothing else in terms of attractions.  The plus was people said the tables were ran really well and they learned games like craps with the dealers explanations.  Apparently they give a lot of freeplay and food credits here as well if you're looking for gambling incentives. I didnt play games so after a while I retired to a lounge on the casino floor and sat with a drink and a cigar with two others who weren't feeling like playing. If I wanted to go locals casino I would go Red Rock as theres more to do and eat but this place served the purpose. Its middle of fhe road A-OK in my book for when you are in the neighborhood and not wanting to travel.
5	I love this casino, its super close to my place and the parking is a breeze. They have a variety of slot machines, tables, and now offer bingo!Walking in, and I know this sounds weird, it smells soooo good! The casino itself is not all smoky and funky. The casino is also nice because its basically a large circle, instead of a crazy maze! On the weekends there is a live band in the bar area that are actually really great!There are ATMs and reward card machines scattered all around the casino area. The Players club counter is open from 8-12am so theres always someone there!I will continue to come here, its off the strip, and isnt all rowdy and crazy like the other places.Yay!
1	You ever heard of someone winning at this casino? Yeah...me neither. Don't get scammed into this place. Not worth your time. Smells like old people.
3	OK. So I am not 50yrs old just yet. And, I can stay comped as a VIP at the Mirage anytime I want to. And, I have been coming to Vegas forever and have done the Strip more times than I can count.However, I was in town and a friend and his wife invited us out to the Rampart Resort/Casino. Since we were going hiking out at Red Rock in the morning, it made it real easy to swing by. Now for those of you who know what old school Vegas was like, you'll understand why Rampart is a throwback (and I like it!!!!!). Buffet for $10??! What??? $5 blackjack tables?? What?? A small round casino that is easy to navigate? Nice.OK, so the average age of the patrons is "Egyptian Mummy". So what if they all have a walker, a bottle of compressed air, and a electric go-scooter?! You know what that means to a 40something guy like me???? IT MEANS THAT I AM THE YOUNGEST GUY IN THE CASINO!! WOOHOO! The dealers LOVE me because I talk to them and have stories to tell them (from the world of the living) while the Tales From The Crypt people next to me focus on breathing!Long and short of it - it is a nice departure from the chaos of the Strip and the hordes of tourists.
3	The Rampart is owned by Marriott. The casino is nothing special. It's your average casino off of the Strip, maybe a little above average. The decor is not really out dated, but you do not get the feel of a newer casino when you are in there. The casino is geared towards an older crowd. There are a ton of slot machines in there. I think there are only about 7 pits in there with table games. I feel like I am in a retirement home when I am there. It is definitely a place for the 60 and over crowd.They do have an Irish Pub there with pretty good fish & chips. There is a Japanese restaurant that is also okay. I tried the buffet there and it was what you would expect from a buffet. Nothing special. There are some other restaurants in there that I have not tried.The rooms are your typical Marriott rooms. They were clean and I had no complaints about the condition of the place. I usually stay at a Marriott hotel when I travel. I always recommend staying at a Marriott hotel when I am asked. I can't say that I remember having a bad experience at a Marriott yet.
1	"FREE BOWL OF SOUP WITH SLOT PLAY!"  Stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights after a week on the strip. The hotel was beautiful and spotless, my wife and I had a sweet cabana by the pool for the day and looked forward to some gaming at night at The Rampart! ... Here comes the sound effects... (needle dragging across a record album) ... That's right, a VINYL RECORD ALBUM! Worse yet a Partridge a Family Album, followed up by the O Jays! Wow, what a disconnect!  This place had more empty bottles, glasses and full ashtrays than I saw all week on the strip, and we were out every night!  Does the cleaning crew go home at 5:00 PM?  This isn't "Old School", it's just OLD AND DIRTY. The Marriott should outsource this piece of the operation and ditch the Bingo "Parlor".  If you're looking for Old School, drive 15 minutes to Binion's on Freemont Street, it's a great time, it's clean, the staff is friendly and they actually smile!
3	I met friends here for dninner in their coffee shop.  I hadn't been there for two years before.  It's an OK casino but I'd really rather go other places.  Parking is easy but I find the mix of machines not to be as good as the larger properties nearby.  There are better places to go but it's OK.
2	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #12:this is a hard place to rate because there is a huge difference between the casino & the hotel; but I guess I'm mainly rating casinos here, so I have to give it only 2 stars; nice enough, but really non-descript casino; the clientele is heavily tilted towards the senior citizen crowd, which is reflected by the lame entertainment; there is no restaurant or bar here that I would want to linger at; even the Irish pub (JC Wooloughan) had a band kicking off their set with "Ladies Night" (please, just shoot me); there is a nice conference/ballroom area, esp. the 2nd floor huge circular Valencia room; meanwhile, the JW Marriott is wonderful and deserves at least 4 stars, particularly for the beautiful outdoor grounds, walkways, & waterfalls; stay at the hotel, skip the casino; best craft beer bet = it's not good folks; Wooloughan has several IPA's in bottles, plus the usual suspects on tap from the UK.
3	The Rampart Casino is a-ok. It's mostly a local retirement home (you'll never see as many oxygen tanks and walkers as you will here) and a great place for grandma and grandpa to go and spend their grandkids' inheritance on penny slot machines. It's fun to count the number of walking canes here. The casino floor is situated in a big circle so it's hard to get lost on the floor. It's spacious but can get very smoky and crowded on busy nights. They have a good selection of slot machines and games (mostly pennies) and a few table games that cater to the golfers or convention goers staying at the attached hotel. Join the player's club for free and you'll get monthly mailers with offers in the mail (if you play a little bit, you can expect free slot play coupons and coupons for a free buffet). The Rampart also runs promotions for free trinkets (t-shirts, waffle irons, etc.). The restaurants are pretty bad, the coffee shop and pub are the only decent options. Stay far away from the Carmel Room and the buffet!
2	The only thing good about this place is that its close to home other then that its low stakes..few tables and mean asian dealers...they have the personality of wood and the customer skills of a lobotomy patient. The clientele is mostly old school..in fact i think it was from the very first school. The floor managers are ok a few are douchebags..but hey its a casino its to be expected..they all have douchy employees....dont forget to bring your bib and applesauce for the person playing next to you...
3	Nice casino for the locals of Summerlin. The circular layout is interesting, you lose track of where you are sometimes. Try the Irish bar and 221 Wine bar, these are the highlights of this casino.
1	If i could give zero stars i would. Without a doubt the WORST run casino in Las Vegas, and every single department. The employees DO NOT KNOW what they are doing. Years ago it was THE place to play. Now they can close up and i wouldnt miss it at all. The ONLY nice person working there and willing to help when you have a complaint is Dan Long, director of Player Development. He made good on a major complaint i had there and then lo and behold their incompetent staff managed to ruin that. I have never met such an incompetent bunch of employees and somenof them are downright nasty too.
4	I'm partial to this joint for Bingo cause it's the only place I've ever actually won Bingo! But that only happened once so I'll add a star when it happens again ;) Bingo!
