3	Friendly staff.Cool deals. Tuesday wear a Cherry Berry bracelet get 3oz free. Double point Wednesday. Thursday get 3 oz free with student I.D.Reward card. Every dollar spent you get a point on the card. Every 50 points you get $5 dollars on the card. It cost 45 cents per ounce.Huge place. So great for groupsGood variety in toppings. Fruit, sauces, cereal, nuts, chocolate, etc. Same old, same old.Good spread in low fat, non fat, full fat & sorbet flavor. On Facebook they list their daily flavors. Ask the staff for sample cups. Only get a few but I just reuse them. Because I like to taste every flavor not just a few.The major problem I have is that most of their flavors are weak in flavor or just not true to what they are to be and somewhat icy/watery. Had better at other shops in Madison.
2	I was craving frozen yogurt and running errands in the area, so decided to stop in.  The interior looks similar to that of my favorite froyo shop--bright colors and clean surfaces.  The employee was friendly and did a great job of explaining the discount card.  They have more topping options than my regular place.  Unfortunately, the product itself has poor flavor and mouthfeel.  Most varieties were icy rather than creamy.  The best flavor I tried was red velvet, which left plenty to be desired in the taste department.  It was a disappointing experience that left me wishing I had just picked up a frozen treat from the grocery store... or schlepped across town to my regular froyo shop.
5	I like coming here.  I like the product, the building is kept very clean and the staff is friendly.
4	So, I've been to CherryBerry a few times now and have had enough dessert awesomeness to give it a full and proper review.The first thing you should do when walking into CherryBerry is ask the employee at the register for a stack of sample cups. This will allow you to try as many as possible flavors before choosing the perfect combo or just one. Now don't expect creamy ice cream or even self serve. It is more like a pureed iced/kind of sorbet thing going on here. Claiming to be frozen yogurt, just without the creamy factor you would find when eating ice cream. Honestly, as long as I can pile on the toppings I'm not too picky about my flavor and tend to stick to some standard flavors like peanut butter or cookie monster. But, my exception is that I recently enjoyed an Orange flavor (more like sorbet) that was out of this world. I felt like I was eating orange soda. It was awesome. As for the toppings, you will have you choice of like anything you can possibly think of. Basically name it. Cookies, candy bars, peanut butter, fruit, caramel, caramel sauce, fudge, whipped cream, little round juice balls, m&m's.....and the list goes on.....My favorite part about CherryBerry is when we get to weight the dish at the end and see who has made the heaviest amongst everyone that has come with me. Inevitably, I seem to always either win or come close. CherryBerry,  I Love you.
4	I love, love cherry berry.1 - I love your flavors and healthier options.  You have classic vanilla and chocolate but you throw in fruit sorbets and fun options like cinnamon roll.  However, I want more flavors!  It would entice me to come back, at least once a week.  2 - Your prices are fabulous!  I love the deals with the reward card, buying a bracelet, double points, check in on FB and get 10%!  Thank you for making it easy to save a little cash on my impulse purchases.  3 - I know you sell fro-yo but sometimes your establishment can be a little chilly.  Minimal issue, obviously  4 - LOVE the dividers for the cups!  Let's just be serious.  If I am going to trek out to Monona, I might want two combinations.  Sometimes, I think eat one now and save one later.  Most of the time, I just eat them both now.  5 - I appreciate all of your toppings options but sometimes I feel like a burden asking the staff to tell me what they are.  Perhaps little labels?6 - Great job on your staff.  Everything from answering my questions to providing cups and just overall being friendly.  I really like your establishment.7 - Your fro-yo is one of the better in the area.  Pretty creamy with full flavors.  I must say your cinnamon roll is my favorite.  Just a ridiculous love occurs between the two of us.
