4	This is a nice Hallmark shop. They have an extensive variety of gifts and cards...everything from the ever-popular Lolita wineglasses to the Sportula (a large grilling spatula with a beer opener on one end) to all sorts of other little trinkets.   And despite the large selection, the store is not overly crammed or cluttered.  The staff is always friendly and helpful. Also, even though they sell a large selection of Yankee candles and other home fragrances, the store is does not smell cloyingly sweet like some of the other Hallmark shops I have been in.
4	As the other reviewer, Julia M., stated, this is a great Hallmark store.  Located in the Promenade on Providence shopping center, the store had cards, gifts, wrapping paper, knick knacks, etc.  I found the perfect Shoebox card to send to my folks and then wandered to the attached Ann's Boutique store, which had jewelry, scarves, bags and gifts for women.  I found a lovely multi-colored bubble necklace that I cannot wait to wear.The employees from both sides were very friendly and the store was clean.  On a beautiful spring-life February day, the doors were open to let the fresh air in - ahhhhhh.Great little corner shops for gifts for others or treats for  yourself.
1	I visited this store this afternoon and as soon as I walked in the door, a salesperson was in my face telling me about all of their sales. Then she said to let her know if I needed any help. I told her I just needed to get two cards. Two more times while I was looking at the cards, she again asked if I needed any help. Geez!! I wanted to just tell her to leave me alone and let me shop..Once I chose the cards I needed, I tried to shop and another sales person stopped and asked if I was okay or if I needed help..I was just about to decide to purchase what I was looking at but told her I was done and I headed to the counter to check out. This happens every time I have ever been in that store. They are so aggravating and annoying! I realized I was not even going to be able to think long enough to make a decision on what I wanted to buy..I had already chosen about $50. worth of gift items I wanted. Since they would not leave me alone long enough to even concentrate, I checked out with my two cards and left. It is a nice store but the sales people just ruin it..Today was on the verge of just being harassing. I will never shop in that store again..They need to learn to ask one time if you need help and then leave you alone unless you ask for help. I am surprised anyone shops there because of that. Nice store and you would sell a lot more merchandise if you would not harass your customers!!!!!
