5	Mr. Moore and his team do really great work. Nobody likes having damage to their vehicle, but Dolan Moore managed to make an otherwise unpleasant experience not so bad. The work was done early, looks great and he was very affordable. I hope not to have damage to my car again, but if I do I will definitely go back to Moore's!
5	Moore's auto body did an amazing job on my car. They were very professional and friendly. They made sure that my rental car from Enterprise came on time, and went the extra mile to ensure that me experience with Moore's went smoothly. I will definitely take my car back there for any other work.
1	Avoid Moores Body Shop uptown CharlotteThis is a family owned body shop, and they seem  professional, and kind, but they do garbage work. They are lower then production shop, they are hacks, only concerned with bottom line.Last time I went to them was the last time.Just had wreck which exposed there half-ass work,  my paint is flaked away from over 1/4 inch of bondo, and is exposing drilled holes where it should have been pulled and metal worked .My last trip I literally had 50 different complaints....multiple drips in paint, new windshield leaking onto steering column,  leaking door seals all over seat and floorboard, new scratches and dings. scratches and marks from pulling, squeaky back door hinges, and also loose body braces just laying in engine compartment. Not to mention their reassembly was so bad they could never, and no one else since could align my headlights correctly, body panel gaps were inconsistent etc etc.My warning is for those who don't know what to look for when looking at body work done by a hack shop like Moores auto body N graham St. Charlotte NC. The reason I know what to look for is because I love my vehicle, and am generally a car lover, but I went to body school several years ago. Moores body shop uses the crappiest parts ever (Keystone aftermarket crap) so I have rust inside my chrome bumpers, a vibrating mirror, and not stock looking radiator support, my doors sound cheap when closing. ETCThe first few times been to moores was okay, then they screwed me. I had to bring back vehicle after getting home and going over my vehicle. Anybody wants to see photos, let me know because I have photos of the colored dots I put all over vehicle from flaws, and hack crap work.Just avoid these crappy hacks at all costs.
