4	Very large selection and knowledgeable sales staff.  I had to buy a business suit one weekend and the sales girl was so helpful in putting it all together, plus it was on sale.  She even had the pants tailored for me on the same day because they were too long.  I always stop by and take a look whenever I'm in town.
3	Men's section is definitely tiny.  I went in with the hopes of finding that elusive winter coat.  I saw a charcoal gray peacoat that looked like what I envisioned but the size wasn't available.  So I checked out the sale merchandise on the second floor and came away with a pair of gray dress shoes for...wait for it...wait for it...wait for it...$19.97.  Uh yeah that's right.  And what was the original sale price you ask?  $175.  So I pretty much scored these shoes at 90% off.  Only free would beat this deal.  I'll definitely be sporting them at work tomorrow.  Yum!  Still no luck with the winter coat though.  The search, unfortunately, must continue.Yo brotha I'm on fire...
5	I was here by chance last Black Friday with my ever humiliating Box of shoe that i got from Macy's that alarm's each time I walk in to stores. This guy at the front door told me no problem. Just browse a quick one and about to leave !!! He told me to check out the second floor for more sale. And Behold !!! an already 50% plus additional 41%...Thats Priceless!! a $59.99 shoe thats already 50% then take additional 41% !!! Too bad I forgot his name but his a Gem on that store !!!
5	Great selection of cloths, perfect displays, there is not much to go searching for as it is all out in the open. This is 2 floors so do not forget to go up the stairs. The staff is friendly and helpful especially this one sales woman Tenille. If it takes you 8 hours to find what you are looking for she will help others in between you but you will not even notice that she is gone. I would suggest seeing her when you go there :)
5	Black Friday is my favorite time of the Year Here. But after I experienced the Best Service and Best Selection of Shoes in 2009. Thought of Dropping here once again and It Never Failed to Amazed me. This time I'd Make it appoint to get the Names to appreciate them. I was Greeted by Dina right after I entered. Told her that this Store always welcome shoppers like a Family. I saw a very Enthusiastic Person. She happens to be the Store Manager. She introduced me to Tenille who explained to me that the RED Mark price + additional 50% is what they have. WOW !!! . My Overall experience here is like a VIP shopper., Personalized !!! Their a very Honest to GoodNess People who Welcome Customers !!!This Kenneth Cole is easy to find !!! It's on the Venetian Grand Canal Shops...Try this Location..and you'll not regret the experience....
5	Kenneth Cole at The Venetian is by far the best Kenneth Cole in Vegas. Other than the selection, Kenneth Cole at the Venetian has the best sales. Holiday season sales started last week and practically everything in the store is on sale. Downstairs sale ranges from 30-40% off. Upstairs everything is 50% off it's lowest marked price. Kenneth Cole at the Venetian also has great and friendly service. Definitely some great finds at this location.
5	If it wasn't for these crazy sales going on right now, I probably would have never stepped foot in here, just a fake check-in. Just kidding! HahaEven though I was only shopping in the upstairs section where all the dirt cheap stuff was, the staff was super friendly, and still willing to look for sizes in the back even when it looked like all the shoes were piled high already.  I was holding boxes of shoes up to my nose, and a sales rep helped me out and told me he was going to leave it at the register.  Good selling technique, so I can fill my empty hands with more merchandise to purchase, and a good loss prevention technique so I don't just run out with all the stuff.When I checked out, the cashier gave the 70% off and told me how much each item cost me after the discount so i can feel good about my purchases, AND he hooked it up by swiping a gift card with an additional $10 bucks off.  Good lookin out bro!  Shout out to Kenneth Cole inside the Venetian for being so helpful!
5	This has to be one of the nicest and friendliest KC stores that I have been to.  The lady who greeted us was so sweet. She gave me and my buddy all kinds of compliments. She definitely made us feel welcome in her store. And yes, I say it is her store. That's because of the way that she seemed to command it, as if it were her own business and that her success along with the store's success was contingent upon how she carried herself and developed rapport with customers. Anyways, I came in here to help my buddy look for a pair of sandals. She gave him all kinds of options and as she noticed I began browsing for myself, she quickly let me know of the different promos that were going on. That was helpful. She knew her stock and didn't take long to grab a few pairs of shoes and sandals, for me and my buddy. The selection in the store was fabulous. Everything about this store just made me comfy. I love that it is a place that I can come to shop for a few different things that I may be looking for, not just one item. For example, I can pick up a cologne for my husby, and maybe a clutch and pair of shoes for me. It's not a one stop shop if you know what I mean, in that sense. I had a great experience here. Fun times shopping.
5	My husband and I have been visiting this Kenneth Cole store every year over the past five years we have been visiting Las Vegas!  We're from Metro Detroit, MI.   Each year, we always have the best service and are always remembered by Rochelle (sp?)  I believe she is the manager of this location and she exceeds expectations with customer service and accommodations!  Love her, the the staff, love the store!!
5	Franklin is awesome!!
4	Nice store and selection.  I come here every once in a while, but usually leave with only one or two items.The prices are pretty good here, and the clothes look great on the rack...just most of the time, not good on me LOL.Service was a little lacking the last visit than usual...with me talking to people's backs 2-3 times in a short while.  But since it normally is decent, I won't ding them for it.
3	Staff are slow and inattentive, store is a mess - but the sales are good and the styles are really nice.
4	A Kenneth Cole store is a Kenneth Cole store. Decently made clothing and shoes with just enough of a markup that I feel bad about shopping there. But that fourth star comes from the staff, who dealt with a group of low-spend, high-drama tourists as patiently as I've ever seen humans deal with other humans.The tourists asked all manner of questions about the merchandise, requested water, and ultimate spent, at most, $30 a person after demanding as much attention as one would from a personal shopper.Hats off to you, staff. You are men of peace.
4	Usual find perfect gifts for my cousins and brothers here. They have very cool, simple and refined looks for men's that you can't go wrong with. Store layout is very nice and organized. Very easy to find things. Sales associate was very friendly and was super helpful in picking out accessories to go with the outfits I was picking out. I was able to purchase this nice sweater jacket and leather belt for a pretty good price.
