3	At 3 a.m. for some reason buying more food than I can eat for under $4 is a good thing.  In the realm of late night eating Taco Bell earns it's three stars for taking credit cards, having armed guards, and coining the euphemism that is "fourthmeal."
4	See death walking in ... feel like it walking out. I'm not ashamed to admit that Taco Bell is a fast food guilty pleasure; I am too ashamed to admit what I order ($10.00 barely covers it -- I may chuckle -- but my arteries are suffocating). This Taco Bell has a about the seediest spot on State Street (next to a hobo community, but fortunately has a cop car sitting in the area most of the time). Beans faux Tex-Mex seasonings cannot overwhelm the bathroom cents of vagrants passing in/out of the restroom area. Outside of the potential danger of random hobo fights and shootings, this location has a lot of features.There are a couple flat screen TVs with ESPN on constant rotation (of at least one). The service is especially friendly and really are sincere about their hospitality and getting the best mix of five or so ingredients to scarf as soon as possible. Condiments have always been well-stocked and I never walked away disappointed in the ratio of be ens and ground beef to lettuce on my double deckers.
3	The Taco Bell on State St recently took the unusual step of closing for a month for renovations to incorporate a KFC into the same location. The new Taco Bell/KFC (or, as I've semi-affectionately dubbed it, "Taco Cock") is a very different beast from the familiar old Taco Bell; they completely gutted the place and put in all new furniture and decor in a completely new arrangement, and repainted the white walls a sort of dark red. The chairs features a bell-shaped cut-out, and the walls are plastered with pictures of the Colonel. This isn't two separate restaurants sharing seating space, either; there's just one counter to order at, and you can get any combination of burritos, tacos and fried chicken you want. My fiance and I usually order the half-pound beef & potato burrito at Taco Bell (cheap, filling, and about as close to healthy as you can get at a place like this), and on our most recent trip we supplemented it with an order of popcorn chicken with one of each dipping sauce (honey mustard, honey bbq, sweet & sour, and ranch -- all good, but we liked the honey mustard and ranch the best). The burritos were still the same as ever, and the chicken was surprisingly tasty -- so much so, in fact, that we went back for a second order.Added bonus, "Taco Cock" is open 'til 3am, so if it's late at night and you don't have enough cash for Qdoba, or you want a burrito but your SO has his/her heart set on artery-clogging chicken, this is the place to go.
2	Closing down for several months to add a kfc to a taco bell that is doing a perfectly fine business and then revising your hours so that you are not open as late doesn't impress me.
2	There are homeless people everywhere in here.Other than that, this is Taco Bell and you know the drill.
2	I don't normally review chain places anymore but I'll say this -- this Taco Bell isn't that good as far as Taco Bells go. I don't know why but some ingredients -- especially anything with rice -- tastes awful. I don't know if the Taco Bell/KFC's use a different ingredient base but I can't believe how bad things like the Cheesy Bean and Rice burrito taste. Other than that, it's Taco Bell..what's to say?
