4	Yes, they just opened yesterday. But I've been twice now, and am head over heels in love with this store. So far, I've been able to get a morning snack (frozen personal sized pizzas), and afternoon snack (bag of oven baked pita chips) and a commute home treat (vodka). This is the first drugstore in downtown in over 30 years. Currently, they are the only tenants in the retail portion of CityScape. We talked with Steve Barney, regional sales manager, who indicated this was intentional to get downtowners accustomed to dropping in here for needs that may otherwise require a special trip on the way home. Basically, it's getting us used to something so absent downtown--being able to shop downtown for items we actually will use. Imagine that. This location has everything every other CVS sells, and a full (yes, you read that right: FULL) liquor department with wine, beer and spirits. Now, happy hour can start over lunch! They also boast an expanded grocery section, sell sandwiches, ice cream, etc... and will surely be a fiscally conservative option to downtown dining. But that doesn't mean I won't be tearing up the new restaurants as they begin to open.
4	Being a downtown dweller I am so excited with the opening of this CVS in CityScape!  They have a Pharmacy and a liquor department.  They also offer basic (conventional, non-produce) grocery items (including milk and eggs).   The rest of CityScape is still under construction but I am soo excited to have a CVS so close to work and home.  (Next closest options CVS on McDowell & Central, Walgreens on 7th St and Mc Dowell).Now when I get a raging headache at work, I have the option of walking across the street for Excedrine or a 5th of Vodka!
4	It's really nice having a clean, expansive pharmacy in downtown Phoenix. Most people take this sort of thing for granted. Let's just hope it stays that way.This is one of the biggest pharmacies I've ever been in, and the mini grocery aisle and rather giant selection of beverages will be a hit with the lunch crowd and the ASU students. They purposely didn't stock 40s or single-serve liquor bottles, which should help keep the scuzz down to a minimum. I'm confident this store will remain nice, despite its "urban" environment and insanely close proximity to transit. The best part? Suburban prices. See, CVS (and Walgreens and other national pharmacies) have two price models: one for "urban" stores and one for "suburban" stores. Urban ones charge big-city prices. Suburban ones don't. Despite being Phoenix's flagship urban location, this CVS chose to go with suburban prices to accommodate transit users, students and those moving quickly through CityScape. I dig that.
5	There's BOOZE!!!!!  Yeah I know this may seem a little simple minded but THERE'S BOOZE.!!!!!  I moved to the area about 7 months ago and since that point I have been stockin' up extra for just in case I run out and can't drive to the store.  Now I only have to worry about public intoxication instead of a D.U.I.Thank you CVS for helping me to become a more functioning alcoholic.P.S.  The single serve liquor is by the register next to the street entrance.
5	I have been a virgin at rating cvs. Until now. I have always been a fan of customer service, but in the true sense of the meaning and the lady behind the counter at this place is absolutely fantastic. This downtown location could be a lot worse with the wrong attitude but the farmacist on staff at this place is off the chain. She is very helpful, quick, communicative... i feel like she carries the reputation of the whole place. All in all the entire place is great, but any time you are downtown and in need of various farmacy products, i highly recommend this location.Have fun, be safe and good luck.
5	awesome addition to the downtown area... well needed convenience!!!its CVS so not to much to say about it that you already don't know.If your a CVS slut like me then you are prob just as happy with their newest location..side note: I effin LOVE their dollar area they have, im a sucker for shit that costs a buck, what can i say !?
4	My only beef with CVS is that they are so much more expensive than the other convenience drugstores. I love this location just adjacent from the courthouse. Watch those huge stairs, I am not sure if there is a handicap ramp entrance but at least the entrance right off of Jefferson is accessible by stairs. Yes, they stock booze to help you get through your work day.
4	I'm glad we have a drug store downtown.  It is convenient for prescriptions, greeting cards and other general items.  This location seems to attract a lot of people who obviously steal, so if you are browsing the cosmetic or alcohol section, security watches you like a hawk.  I'm sure I don't need to elaborate on how annoying this can be.I love that they sell beer - a definite bonus for the offices and hotels in the area!TIP - Be sure to sign up for the CVS card and provide a valid email address.  You never even have to carry the card because they can access your account using your phone number.  I get amazing deals (25% off, extra bucks, etc..) emailed to me all the time!
4	for convenience its a plus for store organization and appearance - 1 star. Store is a dump compared to other CVS but has such a convenient location.
5	Nice to have a quality pharmacy so close to downtown.  A much needed addition.
4	So staying 2 blocks away at the Renaissance hotel & couldn't resist going for a stroll on a beautiful sunny day.  Found the CVS drugstore.  :) It is big, bright & well stocked.  Beer, wine, hard liquor' snacks and a few cold food items are available to take back to your hotel.  Toiletries in case you forgot anything or TSA took it away.  I do not like that they went to 3 express do it yourself checkout lines & one staffed register.
4	It's a cvs what more can you expect. This is a very large one though and the wait at the cash registers is never that bad. I docked them a star for the parking problem, I know it's not their fault but it's still a problem.
2	Employees need to pay better attention when stocking product.  This is the 3rd time that I have been in there only to find out at the register the product is another price from what was advertised.  No, it wasn't because of the CVS card, it was because employees are placing product in the wrong locations under the wrong price.Other than that, it's a good location with wine, beer, liquor, but a little over priced.  $15 for 1 oz. of anti-biotic cream and a small roll of first aid wrap.Good convenience if you're stuck in the downtown area.  However, since Phoenix is a drive first and walk last city, there are plenty of other places to go that will have things stocked/prices marked correctly.  I won't be back unless it's an absolute emergency, they have pissed me off that bad.  Feel like I've gotten mugged every time I step foot into that store.
5	This is handy to have so close to my office.  I like the wide variety of drinks and snacks.  Also, they have a good selection of personal hygiene items for emergencies.  Another funny thing to see is the ASU Students stocking up on beer and chips at 10 AM on a weekday morning.
3	THE urban downtown pharmacy-convenience-liquor store.  This is a great addition to downtown and I'm grateful to have them near my workplace across the street in CityScape. They're not 24 hours, but open long enough hours into the night until downtown has emptied of office and government workers and only a smattering of urban dwellers, downtown visitors, students and homeless remain.  I don't get the comments saying what  a large store it is - or that it's "a dump". It seems considerably smaller than at least what I think of as the usual standalone CVS or Walgreens, and continues to be kept clean and well-maintained despite an apparently thriving business and throngs of at least weekday customers. The store packs a lot into it's narrow aisles and quickly congested space, and has transformed considerably over the past couple of years, carrying a great deal more convenience and snack foods ("healthy" - not so much), and liquor. Lots of liquor.  It seems to be rare that I go in when there are not one or more folks in the checkout line that give an appearance of homelessness, waiting to check out with bottles from the liquor shelves.  I'm not hatin' - It's just kind of sad, and also seems kind of incongruous that a pharmacy, at least as idealized  from my bucolic past, an at least theoretical dispensary of health and healing, should become such a prominent purveyor of poisons, both liquid and ethereal (okay, I'm reaching here: "smokes"). It is however, a great convenience for whatever purpose to  denizens of the downtown.Staff has always been friendly and courteous as time and backed-up check-out lines allow.  The back entrance/exit to the CityScape plaza has been altered to host a number of self-service checkouts (4 or 5?) in addition to the staffed register.  The store offers MoneyGram services and (I believe) photo printing as well, but the latter may have bitten the dust in the wake of an expanded  liquor section.  The most unique feature of the store however, may be the Luck Strikes bowling lanes upstairs and  above the store.  It's kind of amusing to hear the bowling balls hit the floor and roll across the ceiling above you while you shop.  And when it's really quiet, you can hear the pins drop.  (where are italics when I need them!)
5	Super impressed with the pharmacy department here. I came in from out of town, I was at a conference at a nearby hotel. My doctor hadn't called in my refill before I had to leave home, so I asked if they could transfer my prescription and fill it there. They were going to, but didn't have the drug onsite. They recommended another CVS a few miles away, but I didn't have the time/means to get there. I went to leave, but they then offered to send one of their staff to go pick up the drug from the other store and bring it back for me! How awesome is that?Later on they called me to let me know that unfortunately it turned out my drug (for migraines) can't legally be moved from one store to another, so the only way for me to get it filled was to go get it myself - which I still wasn't able to do - but I still appreciated their calling to follow up with me on that and let me know when they realized the issue. It saved me the walk back to the store to find out.WAY better customer service than I get from my CVS back home!
5	Great pharm , super quick less than stated I love cvs  these guys have all the generics also
4	I'm purely a fan because it's literally like 3-4 blocks from my work location, so I can pick up quick stuff during my lunch break. Last time I was here, the cashier helped me a lot w/the self-service machine when he really didn't have to. He even scrapped old gum (embarassing!) from my CVS Rewards card on my keychain so it worked!Only complaint? It's carpeted and sorta smells like wet dog.
5	Phoenix, AZ Drug Rehab Center helped me get my life back on track. I was addicted to methamphetamines for about ten years. I lost my really good job and had to move back in with my parents. They called LA Drug Rehab Center for me. I checked in and my experience was very pleasant. They treated me and the other guest like people, not like addicts like I expected. My life coach helped me find ways to fight against the urges and the future influences that would tempt me. Thank you AZ Drug Rehab.
2	Booze, snacks, and hangover remedies.I wanted to check out a CVS off my usual path. I was dogged by security and staff through the entire store, until they finally herded me out with only two of the items I came here for.So much for a fun browse that was going to allow me to skip the trek to Target.
4	The people at the CVS/pharmacy  eye center were wonderful. My eight year old granddaughter needed glasses, and they were so great with her! I could not believe the price was so reasonable. We will effeminately return.
