5	Maestro SVP is worth every penny and the proprietor, Ilene, runs the place like clockwork.Come here for the oyster happy hour (12 beausoleil for $13) for sure, it is really a great deal. The happy hour is (according to the website)   every day from 11am to 7pm and all night on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.I've never eaten their a-la-carte menu, but from what I hear the Maestro platters are to die for, particularly the cold one.I reserved a New Year's Eve dinner at Maestro back in 2007. $80 a person back then got us a small but tasty appetizer and soup and three Malpeque oysters. The next creation to land on our table blew my mind.It consisted (for each person) of a platter no shorter than two feet where, on a bed of ice, were resting a bowl of mussels, two enormous tiger shrimps, half a lobster, half a snow crab and a few side garnishes.I am a good eater, as many of my friends will attest. I struggled to finish the plate despite it being heavenly. The cracking sounds from those crab legs shattering and the surgical removal of that tender flesh were satisfying beyond belief.Even on a busy night Ilene will keep guests entertained and will strike up some conversation. As for wine, trust your instinct and tastes. I dig the Orvieto Classico Melini. It used to be the cheapest wine on their list, now they've added some more. It's definitely good. My preference for it stems from my inherent Italian bias. But that is OK, since Italy is to good food what America is to capitalism.Maestro is one of those restaurants that make Montreal so awesome.
5	In the interests of full disclose, the owner is my cousin. That said, I've eaten at MSVP at least a dozen times since it opened, and enjoyed it thoroughly every time.The chowder is as good as you are going to get outside of Boston; the oysters fresh and delicious.The seafood platter is fantastic. At my birthday last year, I asked Ilene to surprise me, the offerings were out of this world. Which reminds me, I should make a reservation for next month ...
5	We were visiting Montreal for the first time and were very unfamiliar with what to do and where to eat. So when it came to a place to dine, we relied on Yelp as it has helped us out before while in a new place. We really wanted seafood, and oysters in particular. One restaurant jumped out at us and had received high ratings...Maestro S.V.P. We called to see if reservations were needed for just two people...we were pleased that none were needed...perhaps because it was late evening on a Tuesday. When we arrived, the restaurant had many guests, but we were pleased to be seated immediately. The first course of action was to order the happy hour oysters...a dozen for just $13! Then we perused the extensive wine list and ordered a lovely bottle of French Pinot Blanc...to go with the seafood. Perfect. We then had to decide on dinner. The menu had a lot to offer, but were particularly pleased with the tapas menu, which we understand to also be offered Tues-Thurs all night long. Again, perfect, as we love to try different items rather than to be limited to just two entrees. There was so much food from which to select that we became a little confused..."What to order?", "What is best?", "How much is too much?". It was those questions that we presented to our server, who was ever so pleasant and knowledgeable. She helped us to select the perfect arrangement of tapas to meet the discretion of our palate. Being friendly, we asked her name...to which she responded "Ilene". I had remembered her name as being the owner, from the Yelp reviews. She confirmed that she was. This made us even more impressed...Ilene, a working owner, who is genuinely helpful and friendly with her guests...big points!! All of the tapas we ordered were delectable!! Of special note; however, was the calamari (Ilene said it was a must order and I'm glad we followed her advice), the port & blue cheese baked oyster (words can't describe!), the Cajun seafood (unbelievable! We even had to wind up ordering bread because we simply could not pass on every bit of the broth!), and the Thai curry vegetables. Everything was D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!! We highly recommend this restaurant! The food and service were without flaw. The ambiance was perfect as well...it had the perfect balance of casual and sophistication that would make any guest feel at ease. Next time we are in Montreal, this restaurant will be on our "must do" list!!!
2	Seafood restaurants in montreal = a big nonoThe setting of the restaurant was beautiful but not the quality of foodOrdered the Louisana seafood and the flavour was absolutately terrible...no cajun flavour at all as it was very bland...the shrimps and scallop were big but they had no taste to it all it....i rather eat at a long john silvers than pay $34 for that entreesave your money and goto a different seafood restaurant
4	Super hip vibe, clean and cozy interior, and a menu focused on shellfish. (hint: ask for the menu in English).  This place is not cheap (average $4 per oyster), but worth the splurge. We did two of each on their chalk board, plus a terrific bowl of mussels.  The waitress was helpful and super cool, and the wine list above average.  Stop here for a "meal" like we did, and you'll leave with a smile...
5	This restaurant was very nice. My husband and I order 2 dozens of their oyster special. It was not as fat as I had hoped but this is probably due to the time of season that I went. The seared scallops are probably one of the best I've had. The crabcakes were ok. I didn't order alot because we weren't really hungry and wanted to save room for dessert at Julliette et Chocolat. I gave it 5 stars not only because of the food but the service. The owener was very attentive. Our bill wasn't significantly large but she was very nice and came by our table at least 5-6 times to see if everything was ok. On top of that the waitress came by to serve us at least 5-6 times during the meal. Very cozy place. Will definately come back when I go to Montreal.
5	The only place in Montreal to get oysters as far as I am concerned.  As a regular client I am biased in that this is my regular go to place for oysters, I enjoy going there with friends and having as many dozens as we can, with a great wine selection or the occasional bottle of champagne.  The owner Ilene and all her attentive staff make you feel welcomed and are always available to help you find new things to try, the Rockefeller oysters are an example.The price is very reasonable and the leisurely atmosphere is great to make any occasion special and memorable, (unless you over indulge in the oyster shooters), and during the summer months the outdoor seating is a great place to people watch, but the very elegant decor is very soothing in winter as well.
5	This past weekend, a New Yorker and her Torontonian friend went to Montreal to ring in 2012. We played the whole weekend by ear, wandering around town on New Years Eve day and spending the evening drinking wine on a mostly deserted and fully freezing St. Helen's Island. After returning to our lodgings at Hotel Zero 1 to warm up and relax, the Torontonian got a hankering for oysters. She'd read about Maestro SVP during previous oyster restaurant researchings, so we decided to give them a call to see if we could make a last-minute New Years Eve reservation. The New Years gods must have been looking down on us, cause Maestro SVP had plenty of room for us and an awesome special menu. The New Years menu had 4 courses, with a few items to choose from for each course (except the dessert). The menu was totally in French, which presented a tiny challenge considering that my efficiency in French is limited to guessing what things mean based on context clues; however, our waitress was very cool about translating things for me when I got stuck. My friend and I took full advantage of our options and shared our orders. For the first course, we got the salmon and tuna tartare (which came with wonton chips) and the salmon ceviche (which had guacamole on top). Totally hit the spot! We followed that up with baked oysters and cold shredded duck over a bed of shredded carrots, which had a yummy cole slaw kind of taste to it. Then came the main event. We rang in 2012 with a big plate of tasty cold seafood on ice (shrimp, oysters, mussels, tuna tartare, and a lobster) and a complimentary glass of champagne. Then, to top the night off, dessert was a chocolate lava cake with raspberry sauce and fresh whipped cream.Couple all that with a bottle of Pinot Blanc and some New Years noisemakers and hats, and we ended up having ourselves the exact New Years celebration that we were hoping for (and another customer got herself an engagement ring as well!).
2	I went for the happy hour oysters which were delicious but I don't think I had one oyster without shell in it. I also enjoyed the calamari which was nice and crispy but very bland. I've had much better for much less and the service was very agressive for an empty restaurant. Also, the waitress gave me an incorrect price for the wine she suggested and no information about which oysters I was recieving.
3	I had ultra high expectations, which left much room for disappointment. I would still go back solely for oysters since they were great and their Madagascar scallops were quite good too... However, the tuna tartare was rather tasteless and unseasoned. My mom and cousin ordered the tuna steak, which they also found tasteless and not seared appropriately (rather, it came overcooked). The calamari was "too small" and tasted mostly of batter. Nothing seemed to hit the spot.We all left somewhat unsatisfied and disappointed, so I hope next time makes up for it.
4	Great happy hour special on raw oysters at 1 doz. for $16. DELICIOUS and a great beer suggestion, too. Pricey wine list, though. Stick to the beer. Perfect for a fancy, intimate date with someone you want to experience a little magic with.
4	Coconuts shrimp with horseradish and marmalade.  Raspberry Point oysters with Mignonette glacee au champagne
4	- beautiful spot for oysters: about 15 varieties on the daily chalkboard from kumamotos, to fanny bay, to beausoliel....- great servers... but slow kitchen. its worth the wait, but there definitely could be some improvements made to speed of the kitchen.- make reservations. this place gets jammed
5	Went to Maestro svp this weekend while in Montreal. Came across it online and it seemed to have good reviews. I can confirm that those reviews were completely accurate! The food was delicious, the atmosphere stylish yet welcoming, and the service was more the pleasant. We had crab cakes which were without a doubt the best I've ever had and I've had a lot! We had the scallop appetizer and it was also super tasty and flavourful, albeit there was only 3 on the plate, the flavour more than made up for it. We then had a couple dozen oysters. They have a happy hour where NB oysters are only $16 for a dozen and then we ordered another dozen of other types of oysters. All were delicious and fresh. Finally we initially were going to order some fish but realized that we went on their all you can eat mussel night. Amazing! I think it was around $20 for the all you can eat! Can't beat the price plus they had 3 different sauces that you could order. A different sauce with each round if you wanted. My fav was the white wine sauce. It was lovely. It looks like they also had a nice menu of fun and interesting cocktails but alas I was unable to indulge that night. Definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes seafood and fish! I will go back again next time I'm in Montreal!
4	The food was good especially the mussels with cream & white wine sauce. The oysters are fresh and tasty. However, it took so long to get our food. Don't come here unless you have a lot to talk about because you'll be here a very long time! We had 3 courses and it took more than 2hrs to finish our meal (not because theres a lot of food!).
3	This place was great. They let our dog lay under our table on the patio, it was late Friday night and we were the only ones sitting there. It was nice and convenient, considering we intended to get takeout. Service was quick and efficient, and the wine list was one of the most reasonable I've ever seen. We had a tasty Muscadet for under $60! We had the Seafood Platter for 2, while it was tasty and a good value for the price, I've had better elsewhere. The oysters specifically were way too small, I understand they're basic Beausoliels, but most were the size of nickels. If I were to find myself in Montreal again, I'd fill up on their much bigger selection of oysters, rather than get the platter. Overall it's a nice spot, and the tiny patio facing St. Laurent certainly made for an interesting evening!
4	On mondays Maestro SVP has an "all you can eat" mussels special. CHALLENGE ACCEPTED! Served with fries and mayo, your order of mussels comes with a choice of sauce. I started off with the classic white wine sauce. Aromatic in shallots and garlic, the brother complimented the mussels which were substantial and fresh. I finished one order and decided to hit another one to try the other sauce. After my second round of the basil and honey sauce, started to slow down. My valiant effort was halted before I could challenge the third sauce - the marinara.
2	I'm grading on a curve here and factoring in the $175 tab (without dessert).  The food was OK.  Drink OK.  Service pretty good.  But my wife and I didn't get any memorable -- or even particularly impressive -- dishes during our evening at Maestro SVP.  The calimari appetizer was solid.  We had sea bass and grilled shrimp main courses, neither of which were notable.  Service was fine but no better informed or engaged than I'd expect the individual at my local Wahoo Fish Tacos to be.  Overall, this was a mediocre evening.  And for $175 in Montreal, you can do a lot better than mediocre.
4	The only thing I purchased here: 'sters. They have SO many kinds and clearly take pride in serving a variety of supremely fresh bivalves. But at $4-6 a pop, I kept it to a dozen Beausoleils for $16. The happy hour special happens daily (including weekends), I think from 4 pm until 7 pm. The Beausoleils rocked my world. They were EXCELLENT, shucked perfectly, fresh, flavorful.
2	I don't pay $80 a person for an okay meal to go into a women's bathroom and be confronted with an add for a medication for cystitis.  I thought this was Canada not the US.  This restaurant has sold its bathroom door space to an over the counter pharma company that wants you to deal with the suffering -- burning, itching, and other assorted tortures of this scourge of the female anatomy.  I want a nice dinner with my husband without this junk staring me in the face.The food was not that good and this was outrageous.  Take down your ad and I might consider visiting you again.  (the men's room also had an ad but for insurance)
4	Being an oysters virgin i did not know what to expect. Fortunately our hostess was very helpful in guiding us through these salty waters (if you see the pun then you know it was intentional)My inner food snob believes that Pacific ocean oysters from Washington state are quite superior. Also it was a Tuesday evening so the atmosphere was very calm and serene.
4	This was an excellent restaurant for an oyster lover.  They served a wide variety and offered recommendations based on palate.
2	It was my turn on the Montreal trip to choose the restaurant and boy have I been striking out in Montreal! I booked us a reservation at Maestros on opentable hoping it would be comparable to Mastros in LA... no such luck.The Tuna Tartare, just O.K.... a large hunk of cut up tuna with a pinch of seasoned salt on the plate and a couple very small nuggets of wasabi, served with wonton chips. Meh. Just OK.The Crab Cakes, just meh. The cakes themselves were a little mushy -- not thoroughly cooked. They're also served with a "citrus" sauce... if you can call it that. It's more of an orange sauce that tastes infused with a curry flavor -- which sounds good enough, and it was-- just not with the crab cakes-- at all. It completely overpowered the delicate flavor of the undercooked cake and just made everything taste worse.The 1/2lb of Mussels, again, meh. The mussels were thoroughly cooked and served in their white wine sauce. The sauce was very light and almost non existent. I found myself constantly adding salt and pepper for some flavor to this otherwise bland serving of mussels. (Other people mention aromatic with shallots and garlic-- where? How come mine weren't aromatic-- i had no shallots or garlic, just a plain, bland white wine sauce)The snow crab... meh. A set of snow crab legs served with a thimble of the worlds saltiest garlic butter known to man. The butter was gross, no joke -- and I loooovee butter. The crab legs weren't scored and were very messy. The crab soup was just for lack of better term; stupid. 100% uninspired. It was basically a bouillon cube beef broth with a couple shreds of crab (very sparse), a few shreds of cilantro and carrot. A complete waste of $12.Worth mentioning; I went to the bathroom and there was no toilet paper. Which was awful, but i had tissues in my purse. I told both the server and her bus boy that there was no toilet paper. They apologized and said they would take care of it.  30 minutes later I had to go to the bathroom again (Don't judge, I was having alcohol-- I'm small-- this happens-- lol). I walk into the bathroom, shut the door... still no toilet paper. i tell the server again and wait while she gets the toilet paper and puts it in.Also worth mentioning, there were 2 prostitutes or strippers that looked very unsavory dining at a large round table meant for 4 people, right in the front window of the restaurant. No problem, I just would rather not look at giant breasts and butt-cracks on parade while I'm supposed to be eating at a fine-dining establishment.On the bright side: The scallops were actually petty good, just not very large specimens. All things considered, if this were a "Joe's Crab Shack" and the dinner was $65 I'd have been O.K. with the meal. I feel like the price of a meal should reflect or temper the experience you're going to have as a patron of that establishment; but when you're paying $200 for a meal for 2, one expects a certain level of service and ambiance -- I really feel we didn't get what we paid for.
4	Wow!! Yum yum and yum!!Ordered:Baked oysters St Jacques1.5 lb mussels in white wine cream and garlic sauceClam chowderScallops in Green peppercorn sauce Everything  was delicious!!! I wish I had more money to try the entire menu!!  I'll be back for round 2!
4	I went on a Saturday and had very friendly service. The first guy had a thick accent, so it was hard to understand him, but there was another lady who recommended I just have oysters with lemon. I ordered a dozen Beausoleil oysters for only 18$ (happy hour special) and it was yummy! I asked the same waiter what he suggested for wine--Prosecco, sparkling wine that cost $13 a glass! It was expensive, but very delicious and went well with the oysters.I also ordered the $16 1.5 lbs of mussels. I think that's really good price as it filled me up. The waiter recommended a flavor (it had tomatoes, celery and carrots) and he has good taste! I gobbled them up and had a great time. Mmm, seafood.They had awesome service, and I felt like the food was delicious. It's a bit pricey, but they were friendly.Definitely recommend the mussels - I feel like that was a great deal and I was super stuffed. They have an all you can eat mussels day - if you have time and a stomach to eat more than 1.5 lbs, I definitely recommend going.Edit: Prosecco isn't $18, sorry for the mixup
1	My friends went to this restaurant last night on the recommendation of my wife. Sadly the wife of my friend collapsed and an ambulance was called. As my friend left with the ambulance, the waitress came and asked them to pay their bill. As they were rushing in a life or death moment, this restaurant still wanted their money.  So I called the owner/Manager and asked "why would you do that"? The lady said.."do you expect me to pay"?
3	After leaving Kazu, we thought we should grab some foods for "men". Then we took the advantages of happy hour in Maestro SVP. 18$ for dozen of oysters is a pretty fair deal.Just take this restaurant as an oyster bar and you will not be disappointed, no more. After having 3 dozens of oysters and fried calamari, which means we've paid more than 80 dollars (for 2) on it, we still had to find some place to comfort the stomach.   The goods: fresh oysters all servedNot good not bad: happy hour deal only offers beausoleil oysters(a bit small). The cons:starters and plats are pricey
4	Environment is nice. The food is very good... Lovely oyster and mussels. Service is on average. Recommend people should try this restaurant and must eat oyster.
4	I would not go to crazy about this place and give it a 5 star.  Yes it is very good and the cuisine is really tasty and their seafood menu is fantastic but all of that gets them a very good mark with some improvement in the value side and the staff responsiveness...
