4	Green Iron Cleaners is one of my favorite non-food shops in City Scape. Since I work just down the escalator from this dry cleaner, it's easy to bring in my jackets and ties and have them the next morning. The prices are very reasonable considering the convenience of not only being downtown but also in my office building.
1	This place is convenient because I work at CityScape but the service from the employees is HORRIBLE and my clothes have come back wrinkled several times now. I would not reccomend this place.I've gone in and asked questions about my charges and the main employee gives me a dumb founded look every time. She never greets me when I walk in and will ignore me until she feels she is ready to help me out...when I am the only customer in there.
1	Went here because I work in Cityscape. Took a black blazer in for dry cleaning & upon pick up it smelled like musty BO which it absolutely did not smell like before I took it in & has never smelled like after dry cleaning at other places. Had them redo it & the second time it still smelled the same. Had a little paperclip on it with a tab on it that said "water" so did they just wash it in water??? Either way, never going there again. The 2 girls working here are also very unfriendly & slow.
2	The quality of the cleaning is good, but we have had issues with service/misplacement of items. On one occasion, they lost my husband's pants. They eventually gave us a replacement check, but it took several times of back and forth communication in order this issue to be resolved. I'm sure that had I not been persistent, nothing would have been done.On another occasion, I realized that one of my favorite blouses was no longer in my closet. Initially, the person who worked there (someone who I didn't see very often) said she didn't know what to do and that it wasn't in their "left over" area. I was super frustrated, and she just didn't have to skills to deal with the situation. Against my better judgment, I returned the following week with more dry cleaning. The girl who is usually there recognized me and took my order. I then asked her about the blouse. She exclaimed that they had the blouse and that, somehow, it had gotten separated from the rest of the order. On yet another occasion, I picked up the regular order, and the attendant grabbed a shirt separate from the order and added it to my pick-up. Yes, another instance of a shirt getting separated, and no one tells me!Today was the last straw-we had received an email for a double-coupon promotion. The regular attendant said I had come in a day early for the promotion, but that she will submit the order the following day, along with the promo code. I picked up the order this afternoon, and I just had a hunch that I should check if the promo code was applied. Another new attendant was there, and he pretty much said he didn't know what to do and that he was new there. No, "Let me take down your info and get it to someone." Nothing. No remorse. No concern that the order wasn't entered correctly. Again, quality was fine. But the customer service is horrendous. Only one person seems adequately trained to handle any issues. I am now in search for a new, reasonably-priced and professional dry cleaners.
1	I took a very nice Michael Kors blouse in May. I asked the person who was working at the time if the gold chain around the collar of the shirt would need to be removed. She replied, "no." So I trusted that my blouse would be cleaned and returned as it was when I brought it in. Much to my dismay, when I returned for the shirt, the chain was missing, and I was told I would get a "call back" after they had searched for it. Patiently I waited for over a week, and then stopped back to in to see if they had found it. Again, no one knew what I was speaking about and the chain had not been located.Another week went by, and again I had to stop in because I never received a call as a follow up. I was told that they couldn't see what the chain looked like from the camera footage and that they now had to "check the other stores". This seemed like a way of putting me off for a bit longer, but again, I waited for a promised call that never came. Finally I decided to write the owner an email explaining the situation. Initially, his response was fairly quick and he promised a resolution from his store manager as he would be going on an extended vacation. Again, I never heard from her or him again and I had to follow up for a 4th time.He was quick to apologize, but also didn't take ownership of the situation by telling me that they "normally are not responsible for articles not attached to the clothing" This annoyed me even more since 1. It was attached, and 2. I specifically asked his store attendant about it. Had she told me they would remove it, I would NOT have dry cleaned it. So now it's my fault? Ridiculous.He also offered to compensate me for my blouse if I could bring in a receipt. Not only did I have to waste my time searching for the shirt, but it was no longer available online or in store. When I sent him a picture with a link to show him it was unavailable again I got a response blaming me for the loss because it wasn't attached to the shirt. The shirt was priced at $99 originally. He offered me $40 OR some "store credit"In my last and 6th email, I just asked that he please mail a check to my home in the amount of $99 and I provided my home address. It's now July 17th (nearly 50 days later) and I never received a check or a follow up email. Writing a bad review would have been my very, very, very last resort. As I expressed in my last email that I just hoped that  they would use instances like this as training opportunities to better serve future customers. We are WELL past that and now I have no shirt and no resolve to my issue. I find it very frustrating and disheartening that I never heard from anyone from his store, that I had to seek HIM out multiple times, when all of this could've have been solved easily and so long ago. It seems as if I'm not the only one who has been through this. Don't take your stuff here.
5	it is the great dry cleaners i knew on Phoenix, the deserve to expand. Great persons work there.
