3	Prices are slightly better on many products, and of course like all such places, there are lots of items to choose from.  It's an okay store as long as you know what you want.But do they have to hire people who don't know any answers to questions?I didn't ask what the meaning of life was, sheesh.  Let's try it again.  WhereDoYou KeepTheWeedLiners?No, I don't want to go to lumber, I want to prevent weeds, not build a gazebo.No, I don't think it's with the lighting and fans.Um.....maybe it might be somewhat in the vicinity of the garden section?  Hmmm?Forget it, I'll find it myself!
3	As far as Home Depot's go, this one is pretty darn good.  What really took them from a three star to a four star review for me is the service in the store.  You can see when you talk with them that they are making an actual effort to really try hard to help you out.  As far as inventory and prices go, they are very well stocked especially compared to the Lowes across the street.  Customer service is getting better at Home Depot and I am a fan again.
2	I'm not a big fan of Home Depot's in general and this one is no different. It's ok if you know what you want and where to find it. Customer service is almost non existent. They seem to cater more to the large volume contractor type customer than the home repair guy looking to buy a screwdriver. It has improved a little but they have a long way to go in my opinion. Their lumber selection is terrible. I could hardly find a single piece of wood that didn't look like a hockey stick. Having said that, the prices are generally good and the selection is very good. Loews gets most of my business these days but your mileage may vary.
1	You must be joking! Do more-save more. How about, waste more time. They have employees running all over, not in their perspective departments and acting like a discount store greeter. That is IF and WHEN you can find one. What is even more appalling is the management. If you ask to speak with one, it takes them 15-30 minutes to saunter over and act like their title really means they have a brain (poor scarecrow). Good employees who you can count on don't last. And what is with the product being hidden in the depths of the abyss that takes an hour to find and bring down. Why doesn't senior management listen to the complaints of the employees. Service sucks
4	Nice store. Great selection. Helpful floor associate. The lady at the cash register appeared not to like her job.  Pretty much everything I need I can find at Home Depot.  They can be pricey on some items, which means one must always bargin hunt.
5	Being SNOW-BIRDS, I frequent Home Depots in Seattle & Sun City West. I read these other reviews & can't understand why they can'y find adequate Customer Service help.  We bought a new toilet around noon & returned at 7PM for a few final purchases. I always ask the first employee I see in the store to please call a person for the particular department I need help in. I didn't get the name of the woman who helped us choose the best toilet, then called for a large hand truck where a man hoisted the 1 box onto the platform. We wheeled the cart to checkout & off we went.        On the second visit, I found a woman sitting in front of a computer in the LARGE APPLIANCE section. I asked her where the plumbing parts I need was & she told me the Aisle & 1/2 way down, on the left side. We got those parts & found Josh Rollnick working in that area. We asked him about Thermostats for heat pumps. He took us to the area, showed us what our choices were & answered our questions. We asked him about the Garage Door weatherstripping needed to seal the doors on the sides & top. It was nearby & he took us there. We found a good supply & just what we wanted.       So, by count, I found 4 working persons from Home Depot that took the opportunity to help us & that is where the 5 START RATING comes from.      COACH
3	Home Depot!! The Wal-Mart of hardware store! They have everything you need, for a decent price. Service can be difficult at times! Especially when they do not secure the lid on the paint!!!!! But I will still come here at times, and buy whatever I don't need at the time?
5	This is a great location for my family.  Every time we go,  there are staff who are happy to help and super friendly.  We are asked several times each visit if there is anything we need help with.  However we did have one experience in the paint area where it was slow to get service and when we did,  the employee was cold.  I do not know if this is how the paint staff is at this location,  but if it happens again,  I will be sure to let management know.
4	Very helpful in most areas. The ones that don't know they are quick to call someone who does instead of just guessing.
4	I love me some Home Depot!!!!  I can always find what I am looking for, and if I can't, someone is always 2 steps away and can help me!! The store layout is easy to navigate. It's as clean as a Home Depot can be. Employees are awesome. I prefer to come here vs Lowes. Ugh.. Hate that place. Find me here at least once a week - usually withy iPod blasting as I breeze through the store finding what I need.Every first Saturday of the month is a cool kids building mornings. It's free - again, where Lowes fails, they charge!
1	Not impressed. I will stick to Lowes. I went to a Chiropractor in the same parking lot as Home Depot. I wasn't even parked anywhere near the Depot. Very windy day and no one was collecting their shopping carts one of them flew into my car and left a huge dent. I brought the cart inside and told them about it and they really didn't seem to care. they just sent someone outside to get them. So no I have a huge dent in my car.
5	Great Garden Center! I especially love that if you buy the flowers and pot/basket, they will arrange them for you :D I also did some shopping for light fixtures and other little things. They had a good variety of items & competitive prices. The customer service was wonderful. They were friendly, polite, knowledgeable and very helpful. I was asked by several employees if I had any questions (I didn't have to chase them down, yay!!). When I asked something they did not know the answer to, they looked for someone who did, without turning me away or making me feel like a big dork :) I also like that when you pay (at least at the self checkouts) it asks if you'd like your receipt emailed to you! That is sooooo handy, especially if you tend to lose receipts that you might need for a return or exchange. I am a happy customer and I would gladly return!
5	Home of Build-a-Potted-Plant! Kind of like Build-a-Bear, but with dirt :)I remember seeing a sign that said if you buy the pot and the flowers they will put it all together for you. That's my kind of gardening! I walked around first, then asked an employee if he could recommend the best type of flowering plant for a shaded area. His name, per the apron, was John & he was awesome. First he showed me different types of plants and I picked a favorite, then he had me pick a pot. He walked around with me to find filler plants & then put it all together. He was very knowledgeable and helpful & everyone could see that because he helped at least 4 other people while he was helping me, answering questions and giving suggestions. Once again, the combination of good variety of items, competitive prices & knowledgeable and helpful staff made this visit enjoyable and productive :D I got a great potted plant out of it which I know I'll get to enjoy for a long time!
5	Shopped at this location and the customer service was awesome, highly recommend this store to my friends.
1	Ken in flooring has been great - the rest of the store is a big zero. Actually, Home Depot is a big zero.First the store. Never much help to be had - people walk past you without even a hello. Was in there a week or 10 days ago and an obnoxious person in the tool department wandering round screaming out "Anyone need help?" then swearing her head off.Then there's the company. We had a delivery from them. They totally ruined our driveway, but then hid behind the fact that we'd signed "for delivery" when we'd actually signed "for delivery and no damage". To top it off, APPARENTLY we'd also signed at some other time (don't know when as we signed nothing else) to say it was only curbside and no personal damage was covered. Shocking bunch of crooks.
5	Great customer service!  I purchased light bulbs and when I got home I noticed that one was broke.  Drove my happy butt back to the store and the exchange was a breeze.I didn't get hassled or questioned.  It was a seamless transaction.  I was afraid I would get some lip but that wasn't the case.  We always come here for everything!  Home Depot reminds me of jokes mentioned in shows like Modern Family or Will & Grace... "A lesbian's playground..." Love it lol.
