4	I LOVED the food every time I ate here. Once for lunch, I had the chicken bousin sandwich with side salad.  For dinner, I had a wonderful watermelon martini and the fillet minion.  The beef was tender, served with yummy scalloped potatoes.  My friend had the leg of lamb which fell off the bone.We ate on the patio with running water behind us.  Gorgeous setting, and Renee, our waiter, was very attentive.
4	Burger #63: The Resort Burger***NOTE***This review is based solely on the fact that this meal was eaten inside the confines of a hotel.After setting up our booth, we were all starving and needed fuel before the meetings started. We asked the concierge where the closest grub was. Turns out, right below the lobby were a few places to eat inside the hotel. We ended up at Blue Sage. We ordered our food to go but then ate it there because it took a while to get it.Trying to maintain my shtick I ordered the "Desert Ridge Angus Burger - 1/2 Pound of Fresh Ground Black Angus Beef, Wisconsin Sharp Cheddar Cheese, and Applewood Smoked Bacon. - $12."http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_rxm3RZlb0reZDzCkKltow?select=8eo9QExFk3P30tBw364GzQIt came with some super cute little jars of ketchup, mayo and mustard. All of which I took home as souvenirs. The burger itself was surprisingly good! They actually cooked it perfectly medium, the bacon was hot and crispy and the cheese was of good quality. All these are very shocking while eating in a hotel. But this is no hotel, it's a resort. Fries were good also but they sogged out a bit quick.The next morning we opted to go back for a quick breakfast. They had a buffet, but I knew that would lead to over eating. So I kept it simple and ordered the "Jalapeo-Cheddar Biscuits & Red Eye Gravy - Freshly Baked Biscuits Smothered in Spiced Sausage Country Gravy with Two Eggs Any Style - $13." I got over easy.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/_rxm3RZlb0reZDzCkKltow?select=lCVGtp00wOA64iec24sF4AThis was a letdown. For $13 I expected something more, but this was in line with what I'd expect form a hotel. The biscuits did in fact have some little yellow lumps in them, but that cheese flavor was hidden. The "Spiced" gravy had no spice what so ever. My eggs were cooked perfectly though but that didn't really do it for me. If it came with some potatoes or fruit or anything to make the plate not look so empty, I would have been slightly happier. Regardless, the burger was good and eating outside watching the bunnies frolic is a great way to start a day.
4	The memory of going to a Marriott in NJ for breakfast on a business trip and expensing $15 for what basically amounted to an unimpressive continental breakfast with an equally unimpressive omelet bar had not yet faded when my parents suggested coming to Blue Sage, the main dining room at the Desert Ridge Marriott, for Christmas Day breakfast due to a lack of a large group to justify making a complex meal and most places being closed. Even beyond that, I don't generally think of hotel restaurants as anything besides overpriced and above average at best, so I was... skeptical.Arriving at 11:30, we were presented with a choice between the lunch menu (sandwiches around $14 + a la carte drinks) or the breakfast buffet ($22) since regular breakfast was no longer being served. After looking around at what can be best described as the expanse, we all opted for the latter, despite fears that this might be a breakfast redux of Todai. This feast, which is perhaps an understatement, included:- continental breakfast offerings (scrambled eggs, yogurt, cereal, basic pastries)- made-to-order omelets with an array of fixings from feta to spinach to cilantro to smoked salmon to jalapenos to mild roasted salsa, egg whites available- succulent, flavorful chicken jalapeno sausage (and smoked bacon)- oatmeal with accouterments (brown sugar, pecans, dried fruit, etc.)- cheese blintzes with berry compote and roasted potatoes- better side of average apple cobbler, not overly sweet cinnamon rolls- fresh waffles and pancakes (included and ordered from the server)- myriad fresh fruit (strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, melon, pineapple, etc.)- fresh whipped cream(NB: Combining the last three options can and will be hazardous to your waistline.)- standard morning beverages (coffee, juice, soda)(NB: Despite the habits of a sizable portion of the Yelp community, mimosas, wine, Long Island Iced Teas and/or 151 are NOT standard morning beverages.)This is by far the best as well as largest Christmas breakfast I've ever had. It's also by far the most expensive Christmas breakfast I've ever had, but the quality and variety justified the occasion splurge. If you want your clothes to still fit, be very careful if you are staying at this hotel, especially on an expense account.
3	The service is excellent.  I'm a "local" and I go here from time to time for their breakfast buffet.  It's a pretty sizeable buffet with many choices, egg station, fresh fruits, cereal, oatmeal, toast, bagels, etc.  As many hotel breakfasts go, you can do better price-wise right around the corner at a 'regular restaurant' such as the Mimi's Cafe in Desert Ridge.On my last visit, the strawberries were terrible and the cheese blintzes were burned from being on the warmer all morning.  Perhaps these were the only two flaws on the entire buffet, however, it is unfortunate, because these are the two basic reasons I go here.The coffee and orange juice were both very good.If you're at the hotel and don't feel like driving a mile to get to Mimi's, this is good for breakfast.
4	We had all the food for the conference from Blue Sage and it is was all excellent.  For breakfast, the Huevos Ranchers were the best I've had in a long time.
1	Bad hotel coffee shop.  Food is just bad. Service slow, inatentive, and poorly trained.  They are clueless........Ambiance is terrible inside......we were there at night....during day can sit outside in pool garden area..which I'm sure is pretty........and drinks are very thin......order beer or wine.   Do not go unless your staying in hotel........it makes a very poor statement about marriot At desert ridge.....not worth wasting time on reviewing
4	Blue Sage is an interesting find in the JW Marriot. Its billed as  a restaurant but has the feeling of a cafe. Its the best value of all of the options on the resort, and if you're looking for a good, quick meal and you're on a budget (or a per diem like I was), this is the place to go.Food: AverageService: GoodAmbiance: Poor - feels like an akward size cafeValue: GREAT! We ordered an appetizer and two entrees for about $20!h
2	First of all, we dined here on March 31, 2011.  Three of us had the Cobb Salad and my husband had the special, which was half a beef sandwich with a cup of onion soup.  The salads were okay but the presentation was ho-hum.  It was just a bunch of iceberg lettuce in a bowl/plate with very little turkey, an egg sliced in half, a couple of cherry tomatoes, and some sliced avocado.  I just checked the menu on their website and I see that there was white cheddar but I didn't see any at all and that could be because it was white.  There certainly weren't any chunks of it so it may have been shredded but, like I say, I didn't even notice it.  There were a few little teeny pieces of bacon but so few that it's hardly worth even mentioning.  I would definitely not order this again as I've had some fantastic Cobb Salads in my day and this would be at the very bottom of the list.  My husband's sandwich looked good, though, as there was a good amount of beef but the onion soup wasn't anything special and he said it was "alright".  We like it when there's some parmesan cheese sprinkled on it (at least a little because it was, after all, only a cup size) but some melted gruyere would have been perfect and one would hope that would be the case on the full size.  I don't know if I would return but probably would if someone were staying at the hotel and wanted to meet there.  One thing's for sure - I would not order the Cobb Salad again or the soup and sandwich.  We did enjoy the atmosphere of the restaurant and the server was very professional.
2	Came here on Father's Day weekend and the buffet here was free for kids.  I did not like the BBQ ribs because they were the cheapest you can buy I think.  The fish had a "bad" taste like it was old and I could not eat more than a few bites before I started feeling uncomfortable.  My friends that came with me loved the fish so maybe it was my piece.  The mashed potatoes and salad were good and the fruit and desert was great.  Still a bit pricey but that is expected for a resort but I wish the food was better, I bet breakfast would be great here.  The service and atmosphere were top notch of course and they got us in pretty quickly for a busy weekend and a party of 8.
4	Very good hotel breakfast buffet for the price - I travel a lot work work for a buffet that has a huge variety, everything is fresh, and they have made to order items - $25 is a very good price. They have a ton of options and real maple syrup (a rarity).$25 might seem like a lot if you are used to Denny's but for a resort hotel and a very, very good breakfast buffet, this is a great deal.
5	Fantastic Thanksgiving day buffet, lovely staff, great food, gorgeous setting. Very thankful for all those who worked today, and for the attention to detail. Thank you!!!
3	I thought the selection here was above and beyond my expectations, albeit priced according to resort standards. The breakfast buffet was breathtaking and even offered gluten-free donuts and several other delicacies. The space is large and serving staff are helpful and don't hover uncomfortably. Dining on the patio was also great - drinks were replenished constantly and everything tasted great. The bathrooms nearby are always clean and well-stocked.Watch out at the egg station - the cook is a bit too easy pouring on the oil. That's the only thing I didn't finish.I came here during the "off" season so the place was nearly empty. Definitely wouldn't come here if it was busy as I imagine it would be too loud.
1	We had the worst 2 experiences EVER here!! Went for dinner and had absolute HORRIFIC service. I asked for lemons for my Salmon, received it 15 minutes later after asking 5 people for it. Needless to say my food was cold by then. Waiter never offered to refill our drinks. It was very disappointing. We decided to try it again for breakfast to give a second chance. STRIKE 2. Horrific service again. Not even sure if after the waiter took our order, he remembered we were there. It was so frustrating. Then when we tried to get a manager involved. She was no help. Will never go eat here again. I can't believe a place like this was horrible. DO NOT GO HERE, WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!
2	I think this restaurant could be really good except for the service.  When a hotel knows they are fully booked, it is a safe bet that your restaurants will be busy as well.  With that being said, wouldn't it make sense to make sure your staff is fully staffed as well? The food was average, not bad but not amazing either.  I wanted to try their breakfast buffet but after the poor service we received for dinner I figured it wasn't worth our time to try it a second time.
4	I had breakfast here on a Saturday morning in mid-August and it was fantastic. It is a resort -- so expect resort prices -- but the service and atmosphere were great. The food isn't really worth what they charge but our waiter was extremely attentive and the view out the windows of the gorgeous McDowell Mountains and palm trees was just super relaxing. However, it is really expensive. My boyfriend and I both got the breakfast buffet ($25 each) and with tip and valet parking ($5) we spent like $80. I think it was worth the $80 but keep in mind the food itself is nothing spectacular.  You're really paying for a relaxing morning. The restaurant was empty at 11:00AM in mid-August even though the hotel itself was fairly busy.
4	Pretty sure I saw Joe Bastianich here. While I think he's a total douche/tool on Master Chef, I was still kind of chef starstruck.  So..I guess if it's good enough for him, it's good enough for me.  I enjoyed the chicken tortilla soup and the meatloaf.  The best part of the meatloaf was the mushroom sauce/gravy on top.  When I asked for some extra sauce to go with my leftovers, the kitchen was nice enough to make extra for me, JUST ME! They took the extra 10 minutes to go the extra mile. Love that!
2	TI've tried a few dishes here and wasn't blown away.  The turkey club was dry and flavorless, and the burger was served on a really weak bun (meaning it was flavorless and had the consistency of wonder bread).  None of the toppings looked or tasted fresh. The buffalo chicken wrap was actually pretty good.  Medium-spicy, plenty of meat, and a good meat/sauce ratio.  If you're stuck at the hotel and need a quick bite, I'd say this is your best bet.The service was close to where it should be, given the location.  Attentive staff and willing to handle rush orders, so I'll give them an extra half star for that.
4	Just had Sunday Brunch outside on the beautiful patio with my family. My two daughters eat gluten free so we called ahead and were assured there'd be plenty of options. They had gf muffins, bagels, donuts and cooked to order pancakes. They were thrilled. The buffet was fresh and had wonderful fruit, omelets, waffles as well as fabulous bakery items. Service was great.
4	Held a breakfast here with one of our sales teams in the private room off the back.  Great service and an OK buffet.
4	Staying here at the resort for a few nights.  Had dinner with 7 other friends on 7/13.  We called about 2 hrs earlier for a reservation.  Initially the restaurant seemed pretty empty, but it did fill up fast.  We were seated right away and a server took our drink orders.  There is a good selection of drinks, because they use the main lobby bar.  Very impressive beer and tequila.  Surprise to find Don Julio 1942 for $25 (use to paying $40-50 a pour).  The prickly pear margarita was also a hit at our table. We started off with some appitizers.  The chips and queso was just ok.  Calamari was good but such small pieces.  The hummus wasn't anything special.For the main course, a bunch of us opted for the Beer and Burger special ($18 instead of $15 for burger).  You can pair it up with any of their beers.  IT came with a small side of fries.  Surprising, the burger was very tasty.  The meat was cooked medium to order.  Loved the crispy bacon and brioche bun.  I heard the mahi mahi was ok as well.We saw a kids buffet as well.  They said that they set it up during their busy nights.  Great place for a casual low key dinner.
2	Visited during lunch, so so meal. Chickrn was alittle dry but fresh veggies/rice was perfect. Annoyed with bird flying around inside restaurant as you ate. Please remove has to be sanitary issue.
