3	Ditto on the Pizza heading. This is and alwasy will be a bar for me, not a pizza joint. I've enjoyed many shots, beers and games of darts. Low expectations makes this a fun fun place.
3	the pizza may be lame, but it's cheap. at least on mondays and tuesdays, when it's half price. this is one of those places that fits a very specific need. it's not a cool restaurant. it's not a cool bar. i probably wouldn't go there if i didn't live 2 blocks away, but it's got medium pizzas for $4.00 and some nights i go ghetto and get the miller light on special, (hope my friends in SF don't read this) so my bf and i are outta there -- full and tipsy for $14 - total. docs deserves credit for that.
3	Not quite dive bar, not quite trendy bar. This is a happy medium for many in the area. This place still has that neighborhood feeling but always pulls in new faces. Good spot to meet friends for a pitcher and perhaps a game of darts... maybe even a little photohunt.  Its a bar, so come here to drink, not to eat. Besides the drink prices are decent, so you can just have a liquid dinner.One star because Doc is a super cool guy...One star because of the outdoor patio in good weather...One star because of the prices and location...
3	I've gone here a few times and had o.k. service.  Nothing is ever impressive, i cant remember anything ive eaten here.. its forgettable :)... but the crowd is always friendly..  Last time the guy beside us gave us a pitcher of beer he ordered but couldn't drink ;)
3	Used to work here...management when I was there was way cool, especially for being my first experience as a server.  My review is based on my memories working....The food was solid way back when.  Points for making their own Balsamic dressing and using mixed greens for the salads.  Also for using real cheese for their huge nachos; I don't know how much the menu has changed in the past 4 years, but it was pretty extensive and satisfying for a bar.  This isn't 5-star dining.  It's solid bar food.  I will be back when I am in town visiting family.  Go Steelers!!
3	Doc's Place offers cheap bar food in a chill atmosphere.  The biggest perk Doc's has to offer is their price.  There is always a special on something on the menu every single day, from half priced burgers to half priced pizzas.Their pizza's are huge, but not particularly tasty.  Their burgers are definitely bargains at half price, but nothing spectacular either.  I like my burgers rare / medium rare; the last one I had at Doc's seemed to have a darker color than a typical burger, I wasn't sure if it was because the meat was frozen or just not fresh.  I didn't get sick, so there were no issues.Anyways, Doc's Place is a nice place to hang out in the spring and fall, as the outdoor balcony is quiet and peaceful, the food just isn't anything noteworthy.
4	Decent bar that was always pretty fun to go out to with a group of friends. There's a pretty mixed crowd here, which is well supported by the variety of areas to hang out in. The bar is fun to sit around and meet people, which there are downstairs tables/booths for coming out with a large group. There's also an upstairs bar which is pretty lively, and an "outdoors" (but covered) area which has a lot of tables to sit around. Drinks are priced reasonably, and you can probably find a friendly alum or pal to buy you a drink.
4	I'm always surprised how much I like the food at Doc's.  Pizza and burgers are great. Great deck, open most of the year with heat lamps.
1	I never really understood why Doc's was so popular.  I personally find its only real saving grace to be the outdoor deck.  Otherwise, the prices suck (beer served in 10 ounce cups on special for $2.50 - come on), the food is mediocre, and the atmosphere is nonexistent.  The drinks are weak as well.  If you're looking for a night out, there are better places close by in Shadyside.  The deck really is nice, but it doesn't help the fact that the prices are terrible for drinks, especially for what you get.  That being said, I end up here a lot because others seem to like it...maybe I'm missing something.
2	Decent price on domestic pitchers. Entrees were half off but all looked mediocre. Tried the jambalaya and it was so so. Big groups of patrons led to pretty slow service.
4	Hey Doc!I dig your deck.  And I also like specials that involve a $7 pitcher of good beer!Oh, and great service!Thanks for all that!Michael E
3	I've enjoyed Doc's Place for what it is - your average "Bar" - nothing spectacular but nothing excessively horrible.  They are very accomodating for throwing parties or events in their location so that's a huge plus.  I've had numerous events there and it's always turned out great.The food is average and I don't pay much attention to the price of drinks b/c I'm usually with a large group and we take turns purchasing pitchers.  All in all this place is "A-OK".  As most people mentioned the deck is fun and its a great place for groups.
2	Doc's is a decent place in the Spring and Summer, when their 2nd floor upstairs patio is open. They have reasonably priced pitchers of beer and well drinks. It's nice to sit outside and relax after a long day of school or work.The beer selection isn't that great and the upstairs bar is not full. Sometimes their drink "specials" are served in tiny plastic cups. The service can also be rather slow.I am not a big fan of their food (pizzas are bland and the burgers overcooked), although it is nice to split an appetizer with a group of people.
4	Nice place. I like it.
4	I have gone to Doc's Place for awhile now - and it's a great staple when you're visiting Shadyside. Right on Walnut street across from J. Crew on one side, and Shady Grove on the other, it's your typical neighborhood bar. The downstairs has a full bar, and an eat-in area, with a dart board and some hi-top tables. Upstairs there's another bar, half inside area, and half of the area an outside deck/patio with seating. It's a great spot in the summer, or when you're enjoying Jam on Walnut (in July). My friends and I went to Doc's this past Sunday to watch the Superbowl. We had a private area upstairs by the fireplace and it was a perfect spot for it! Their food is above average bar food and it's a great place to catch up with friends.
3	Drinks are watered downHalf off burgers and pizzamakes it worth the trip.(b)
3	A Shadyside classic. It's a greasy spoon/smoky bar, and it is what it is. They usually have decent beer specials and cheap Yuengling pints. VERY mixed crowd;: preps, d-bags, the d-bags' girl(s), grad students, Yinzers, everything! Check out Sundays for 1/2 off burgers! Maybe once the Pittsburgh weather cooperates, they will get more business because they do have a fantastic 2nd floor deck area.
2	Doc's is a good bar to go to when you are with friends and don't have any set plans for the evening.  However, if you need to be somewhere fast I wouldn't advise going here.  The past times I've eaten at Doc's it's been on the large outdoor patio upstairs.  The patio is nice and provides for a lot of seating, however it hasn't been updated in several years.  I recently made a trip to BRGR the new gourmet burger joint several blocks away and their outdoor seating is quite hard to beat.  The food at Doc's is what you would expect to find at a greasy/beer/bar.  Cheese fries, burgers, some salads, mediocre pasta, etc.  Although some of their dishes in the past have been much better than I anticipated, the food isn't something I leave the place remembering.  There is smoking allowed on the patio upstairs so if you don't mind smoke then no worries.  However, if you don't like to breathe in smoke while you're eating, pray that there is no one smoking in your section when you go.  There are space heaters upstairs in the winter for when it starts to get cold before the snow comes.  It is nice to be outside and still be warm but the food and beer pretty much stay the same year round.I wouldn't say no if someone asked me to join them for a drink at Doc's but I would probably suggest eating somewhere else first.  You'll get your food faster and be able to breathe a bit better in a different restaurant.
