4	A healthy alternative to fast food they offer fresh poultry and various grilled meats with a variety of delicious veggies packed into a pita pocket.  The staff is generally polite unless you come in during their down time then they make it seem like you are inconveniencing them but the quality of the food overshadows the service, This place rocks!
4	I love this place! They have a ton of healthy options and delicious grilled meats. Tons of veggie options, and if you don't like pitas, you can always get your pita turned into a salad! Don't forget the avocado!I would give the place 5 stars, but the staff often leaves you waiting for several minutes before they serve you. The line is usually empty, as is the restaurant. A certain employee seems to usually have his head up his you know what, and makes it seem as if you are being an inconvenience to him. Other than that this is a good place to eat. A good alternative to Subway.
2	Sometimes I forget that Pita Pit always pisses me off and I go back there and then a few visits later, they remind me. Ostensibly they should be vegetarian friendly, but they will occasionally put grilled meat all over their work space and then drag my vegetarian pita through it, causing me to have to throw it away and waste money and food (and I get that eating out is always dicey, but this is pretty egregious when it happens). Today it was the other thing that annoys me, when I get a vegetarian pita and they give me only minimal vegetables. Here it is two hours later and I am starving because the dude filled the pita as though the veggies were a condiment to a meat, except there is no meat in my pita. With just a few tweaks they could be awesome, but they mess up the little details.
4	I went to Pita Pit for the first time using a Groupon deal.  Although I wasn't too impressed with the atmosphere (slightly unclean), I was quite surprised by the food itself which was quite tasty.  And that is even AFTER a 25 minute drive home before digging in!  I also thought the staff was very sociable and made a great recommendation for toppings on my Philly Cheese Steak pita (I know, I know...not the healthiest choice).  Groupon or no Groupon - I will be back!!
5	I work down the street, so when I do order food, this is usually my go to. It's one of the few places that I haven't yet had a bad experience with. Fresh ingredients, delicious combinations, and they deliver!
