4	I'm worried for this little place that is filled with so many heavenly things.  It is located in the very back of a strip mall littered with furniture stores going out of business.  Go eat @ Don Rafa's.  Everything that we have had is amazing.  The red salsa and guacamole are a little weird but they have a green salsa that is so spicy and accompanies any main entree perfectly.  The staff is totally endearing.  Nothing cookie cutter about this restaurant.  Fresh corn tortillas made on site.  It's delish.  Don Rafa burrito is filled with tender carne and spicy chile's.  Super Sope Pancho is large and in charge.  My husbands favorite.  The taco's are great, the flautas are great, the chips are great, the rice tastes like your great aunts rice (the one you totally love to go home for) Go to Don Rafa.  It won't disappoint.
5	I just had some cabeza and lengua  tacos from here and they were so good. I was craving a good taco so bad that I almost cried while eating my vegan leftovers. The meat was very tender. Like... uh... like... some kind of substance that rhymes with nutter... sutter? Buttah! Really good! Oh! And the soft tortilla wasn't the kind that falls apart after one bite.
4	Basically, a good lil' Mexican restaurant in my neighborhood.   Both times I have been there, I ordered the three tacos.  The corn tortillas are small, homemade, and tasty.  They have 7 different types of meat to fill your menu item with and my favorite is Don Rafa Style which is carne asada and melted cheese with green chile.  The chips and salsa are hard to stay out of before you dig into your meal.  Their burritos are big and also very good.  I was a little disappointed with the sopapillas because they weren't doughy and were basically a fried wonton with cinnamon and sugar on it.  The service is really good and all of the waitstaff are very nice.  On the outside of the restaurant they promote a pretty good deal on a bucket of Corona, but I can't remember the exact amount.  There are always people dining there, but not so many that you have to wait for a table.  Check out Don Rafa - trust me, it's good.
4	Good food is to be had at Don Rafa's for sure.  We hit them up occasionally and enjoy each visit.  Sometimes the staff could be more attentive but overall they take good care of you.
4	I have to say...there are not many times that food is good enough to surpass not so good service. This is one of those times. I went here on a Friday night for a drink and a light dinner with my husband and daughter. When the server came over I asked if they have Margaritas...and she said yeah...what kind I asked?? UUUhhhh the red and the green one was the response...I was so shocked by this I could not even get angry...I laughed very hard on the inside. Anyway..I ordered the "green" margarita on the rocks ($4.50) and it was not too bad. The husband had the happy hour beer special for $2 and got 2 coronas.To eat the husband and I shared the 3 taco plate and added an extra taco. We got 2 carne asada and 2 barbacoa with rice and beans ($8.95). The tacos were soooo yummy...lots and lots of meat with a sprinkling of cilantro and onion ...and thats it...the way tacos should be. They were served on a homemade corn tortilla that was thick and delicious. The barbacoa was our favorite and I found myself taking very small bites to make it last as long as possible. The rice and beans were perfect also.My daughter had already eaten dinner so she ordered the sopapillas. They were totally like grandma makes...and were served in a brown paper bag piled high and accompanied by the little bear honey to drizzle on their already sweet goodness.When we were done the husband decided he wanted to take home a taco with each of the different meats they offer ( I think are like 6 or more types of meat ) Which by the way when I asked what a certain kind of meat was that I had never heard of before to our server she told me to read the menu...thanks!! Anyway...sadly the were out of every meat except the two we already had...so we just got the 2 tacos 2 go. When the server brought them to us she was like...so are you done NOW? LOL...wow.I do not think she meant to rude....I just think she was not experienced. But hey...I will definetly go back and am looking forward to trying their other menu items.Go check this place out...and they serve Menudo all day Saturday and Sunday.
4	Having read Amber G.s review today and knowing I would be in the area her review convinced me to stop in Don Rafa for lunch.   I do not know how they can do this but they need to find a way to be better noticed. I have been to the furniture stores right next to this place several time very recently and I never noticed Don Rafa.   OK So considering it is in a strip mall building it is not a bad looking place inside. The tables are not placed too close together so you do not feel cramped.    I ordered the tacos, expecting to get one al pastor and two barbacoa. They had no barbacoa. Ok this pisses me off for two reasons. One, I went to their web site before I went to the restaurant to see what I wanted to order. Since I had to choose another I would have had to read the menu and I did not have my glasses with me so I went with two al pastor, and one Don Rafa since that is the other one I remembered. The other reason it bugs me is if you are not going to have what is on the menu, do not put it on the menu in the first place.    The chips they brought first were unremarkable, much like I could buy at Fry's. My actual tacos were just fine, they had the flavour; but a bit dry. I would order them again.    As for service, it was fine really. I am just picky in this area. The young man who served me should learn that serving is more than the delivery of a product. One should smile, one should develop a personality, one should speak so the customer can hear you. Oh and your choice in eye wear is odd. ;-{) This guy was not unfriendly, he was just there and he did his job in delivery well. Oh yeah even if one is only drinking water a refill would be nice .    I am not as enthusiastic about this place as Amber G. but it is good enough to go back and try other dishes.
2	Gus said, pick a spot for dinner. Knowing he has not been here I picked Don Rafa as I liked my lunch for the most part. 6:30 pm Saturday night and no one in the place when we enter. Well two employees were sitting watching the game on TV, very loudly. I know I have mentioned this before, but I hate TVs in restaurants. I should have turned around and left, but chose not too. Both employees wandered to the hall at the back when we entered. NO greeting of any kind not direction to a table. We sat ourselves which I guess is OK since we were the lone customer. Another expressionless young man comes to the table to take a drink order. Must be the trade mark of the restaurant, no expression, no smile, no hello, no spark in the wait staff. I think I would pick something else as my trade mark. We ordered one of those round cheese things, the name escapes me. It was fine, after all how can you screw this up. I ordered the Taco Taco Platter and Gus had the Chile Relleno. I honestly have no idea what has happened to the food but it was just not good. I took bites of a few things and could not continue and Gus said the same about his. So we paid the bill and went on our merry way. This was too expensive to try again and get crap food and lackluster wait service. Adios
1	Don Rafa has closed due to economic reasons.  :(
