5	Super good Chinese restaurant !!! I come from NYC ...feels like make me home!!! Sweet !!!!!!
1	This is the worst restaurant ever, worst food, worst customer service . Very dirty, the cups have a weird smells .And totally rip off! We didn't order much food total came out $87 for 4 people!!!
1	Food and service were not special. To me this is a very annoying place! We were the only customer there at that time. I think the owner's friends and families sat next to us. They were talking very loud while we were there. It is very bothering us! Violated our enjoyment.However, nobody seems to care. I hope you can find a better comforter place to dine. I will not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
5	This place is a diamond hidden in a Chinatown  strip mall. Flavorful and delicious!!! Must try dish:Boiled fish with pickled cabbage and chiliSalted duckBeef noodle soupChicken gizzard with wild peppers
1	It was oky,!
4	I never thought that  this place would serve my favorite Lamb Skewers. At first it was just rumors but its true. The Lamb Skewers here are the best, I never thought I would taste this kind of skewer in my entire life. Totally worth it, love their skewer here. The place was okay, they had this nice dining area. The decors were great, I like their table settings. Would love to be in this place because of their Lamb Skewer. Recommended.
4	To start off I have to say that 3 star reviews (combined overall) doesnt do this restaurant justice. As Chinese I love their food! The taste is authentic and presentation is also good. As the previous reviews have said, the lamb skewers are to die for! It's the first time in 7 years here that I finally have a taste of home. Their tofu with preserved egg (appetizer) is great, the garlic, green onion and chilli oil dressing is addictive! The menu doesnt offer too many dishes but from what I have tasted I am very confident to say that their food doesn't disappoint. The decor is to be improved, though the posters are very nice. Just the overall ambience doesn't have the VOGUE element to it. Sometimes the kitchen can ve a little slow in keeping up with the orders but we were hungry that time so I'm sure we looked like wolf pack to other people lol. For 4 people our bill comes up to be $86 after tax. We had half salted duck, one appetizer, 10 lamb skewers, one order if draft beer (60oz), one main entree, 2 bowls of beef noodles (big bowl). Keep in mind that appetizer and main entree are of a bigger size than their american counterparts, since we share all the dishes we order. So for the food I get I don't see the price as ridiculous.
1	The food is ok. But the Service is extremely awful. I have been too many bad bad restaurant but this one is worst. There are other people too in the restaurant at the same time. Not only me, every one else was mad too. They are so rude. and the receipt was not unclear. they just gave me a total without itemize the item. and ask me 20% tips right in front my face when they gave me the bill. that wasn't cool. I am sure I and other people that day won't go back there again.
2	Im giving the 2 stars only because of the food. I do feel a bit sorry for the owner tonight though since it was only her in the restaurant taking care of customers. Service was bad, we didnt get water til almost 10 min after we sit down. I think only one person was doing the cooking so everybody had to wait for their order. Appetizer didn't come until after the main entree was served (happened the last time we went there too, PLS appetizer should go first). I went to the counter to pay and the owner suggested "the tips is normally 15%" and even done the math for me, trust me when I say I didn't ask for that (maybe she thought I looked hesitant?), and I think that's just rude.  She punched in the numbers on an adding machine and just stapled that to the ordering form. Oh one more thing, the "15% tip" she suggested was based on the total AFTER TAX, not the subtotal (which is what's supposed to be), the difference was just $1 and I paid what she suggested, because I didnt feel like arguing with her in front of all the people. It's a very bad move for your business, very cheap move. The food is good, I don't deny that. Just the service needs BIG improvement. I don't think I will ever dine in there again, perhaps I will order food to go.
