5	I purchased a groupon for Tiffany Cleaners because it was close to my house.  I haven't had luck with dry cleaners, and I was extremely impressed with this company.  It's a family owned business, and the owner was SUPER kind.  I had a white wool coat that had several stains.  They asked if they could keep it an extra day (they returned the other clothes I gave them in a day).  I just picked up the coat, and it looks great!  The owner told me he took it to other cleaner friends to see if they could get the stains out.  It looks as good as new, and I will continue going to them.  It's so nice to deal with a family owned company that actually cares and is pleasant.
5	The staff was so courtesy at the drive through window.  What a great business - in a town full of dry cleaners.Shirts were done exactly as asked.  Shirts were ready for pick-up on time.I used a GroupOn, and felt like I made out like a bandit in this day and age of inflationary prices for parts and service.  Home run.
5	Super friendly.
1	This dry cleaner recently took over from the previous owners that I decided to stop going to because they didn't accommodate alterations on site. My daughter wanted a neighborhood cleaner to bring her Sanctuary Elements uniform to...a Diane Von Furstenberg dress that she has to have cleaned weekly. She asked me to drop off her dress so I decided to add a White House/Black Market cotton/viscose sweater to be cleaned. White House is my go-to store for all my work clothes.When I went to pick up the dress and sweater, my sweater was BEIGE!!! The young girl behind the counter saw my face and said "Is their something wrong?" I said "Yes, my white sweater looks like its been ruined. It was white." She said "I'm sorry, we've had trouble with the guy in the back.  I will put it back through to be cleaned again."  I relented.A week later I went to pick it up. Now, let me tell you. A cotton and viscose sweater has a shiny thread appearance to it. It is has a lusterous rather than matte fabric.  My sweater looked beat-up, dingy, grayed, frayed and lacked the original luster it held. Obviously, the cleaners damaged it the first time and in order to get the discoloration or polluted smog out of it they had to bleach it. The sweater recommends you use non-chlorine bleach. It has the option to hand wash or dry clean. The owner Martin happened to be the one I was greeted by upon pick up. I very calmly spoke to him and told him I was not happy. I said, "My sweater is ruined. It's lost its white color and is quite frayed. It's not shiny anymore." He said, "I am sorry and paused." I said, "I would like it replaced." He said, "You will have to find your receipt. Bring a copy of your receipt and I will reimburse you." I agreed and he asked to retain the sweater.This sweater wasn't horribly expensive. It was $88 but i got it on sale for $66.88. I keep all my receipts and found it. I returned one week later and left off a copy of the receipt with a new clerk.  I was told I would get a call when my check was ready to be picked up.I didn't get a call back. This was a busy time for me so i finally got over there on Christmas Eve to pick up my reimbursement check. Martin was there. He said "I am not going to reimburse you. I took your sweater to the White House/Black Market store and spoke to two sales people and the manager. I compared your sweater to another similar sweater and everyone agreed it was just like new." I was flabbergasted.  I said, "You're kidding right? You went to the store?  I'm embarrassed for you. You can't tell it has been ruined? Your clerk said that you had trouble with another work who turned it beige."  He said something like ... the sweater was cleaned properly and I have been reassured by the store it is in its original condition.  I don't remember what he said after that.  I can't believe a store would not stand by its customer's disapproval of their services and not make amends.  You guys!  My sweater is un-wearable! It's off to Goodwill. I am not the kind of person to get mad at vendors. I don't complain and if you ask anyone I am usually overly agreeable and provoke a group consensus. I also am going to write customer service at White House. I find them to be a reputable company that stands behind their products. I think Martin wanted to be right instead of satisfying a customer. All over $66.88. Ridiculous!  I would not recommend this company. My daughter has told the Sanctuary to not use this dry cleaner either for their uniforms. They have two locations. Please don't go to either one of them. at 3375 E. Shea Blvd. or 9301 E. Shea Blvd.
5	Love the staff here. Chelsea is wonderful. I gave her my name once and she always remembers me. Today she suggested a cost-cutting measure for me, even though it means less money for the business. That kind of service is unheard of these days.
