3	I've definitely stopped by this store several times since it's the closest one to my house.  Oddly enough, they usually carry what I need even though it's a smaller, slower location.Service has always been decent here.  More often than not there's a strange odor in the store... Not quite sure what that's about.This store definitely gets a lot of families stopping by due to its family-friendly location, though, so be prepared for many, many kids at any given time.  (Well, at least in the evenings.)
4	Located literally down the street from me with awesome hours. The staff is friendly and while We didn't interact a lot with them, they were still great during the checkout process.
1	I visited this store on a Saturday at 5:00 PM.  If you are like me and have about 45 extra minutes to waste, this may just be the GameStop for you.  With only one partially functioning employee, you are bound to have all your needs met in a timely no nonsense manner. Checking out was a breeze, time flew by listening to the employee call every store in the Northern Hemisphere while making small talk with the 78 customers snaked around the cramped store.  But it doesn't end there folks, your patience level will escalate to new heights when you are forced to listen to 5 minutes of worthless sales blabber, before you finally are presented with a six foot receipt. If you have no desire to get home, relax and play your game, this is definitely the store for you.
2	The line was out the door, because both female cashiers where busy conversating with the guys they were cashing out (took forever) when we finally reached the cashier she wasn't very nice, no smile and short with her answers. I was asked if I pre-ordered the new release, no, then asked if I had a membership, no, then a roll of the eyes happened and she finally reached under her register and pulled out the 65.00 game. I would recommend try being nice, if you don't enjoy your job, get a different one where you'll be happy while at work.
1	Vanessa is so rude! The long haired guy was super nice and she was like "you have other customers, you need to hurry up" and then my friend asked "hey Vanessa you called me yesterday about the ps4 preorder" and she said "yeah to tell u that if u didnt pick it up by tomorrow we sell it, yes that was me" like what? We're spending $900 on game systems and you're gonna be that rude? Not cool. I'm sure they were busy all day...still with customer service id rather wait in line for someone nice then be rushed by someone rude.
1	These guys will outright lie to you about the games you are buying to make a sale.  Do not shop here.
5	This is basically my home GameStop store I go to every time I want to buy a game. I'm familiar with most of all the staff and they are really friendly. Every time I come into the store, they know me and greet me with a happy go lucky attitude. The games here are always what I'm looking for and if not, they're happy enough to look it up for me and pre-order it, or ask another store.
