3	The reviews are ranging from "Doesn't deserve to be called a restaurant" to "The best Sangria of my whole life". One thing is certain, you'll probably find there the most exhaustive drink menu of your whole life. I honestly think that their menu is about 20 pages. Original drinks, tasty and very diverse. It's worth to go even for this very only reason. For example, their pink pepper and raspberry martini is superb.On Thursday, the ladies receive two free drinks with any food. Another reason to check it out.
5	Ok, I'll be honest. Food is crap. You should not be coming here for food, ever... why? BECAUSE IT IS THE BEST BAR IN TOWN. Just count how many drinks they have on the menu! 100? 200? no, 300+Ask them for specials and you will see your drink flying, burning, exploding, and doing all other weird things before getting in front of you. And its delicious, no matter what you order. Ask if Mathieu (bartender) is working. Tell him you read Oleg's review. You will get special treatment.
4	Me and some good friends were looking for a place to get a drink and enjoy a nice girl's night out. We certainly weren't deceived with l'Assommoir, on Bernard Street. Frist off, the bartenders give you a great customer service and are extremely charming. :-) Brownie points for this! (Which could very well explain why this bar has so many pretty women in it. ;-) ) But let's talk about the drinks! Like someone said in an earlier review, they have over 300 different kind of drinks to choose. I happen to be the kind of lady that enjoy a good beer, and they had a few. But they really do specialize in drinks and liquors. IWe had to choose something to eat with our drinks, so we chose the "Gueuleton" which included some plantain chips, houmous, olives... it was good with my beer! But my friends, who ordered different kind of drinks, didn't enjoy the "mix" as much. The food itself can be pricey. And we already had eaten, so this is why we chose the"gueuleton". But I would be curious to try their Tartare, nex time. There also was a D.J. in the place, which was nice. The music was a little loud but you get used to it after a drink or two. :-p We probably stayed about two hours. And we're defenetely thinking of going back for a longer night.
4	All hamburgers should be made out of foie gras.All resto-bars should be full of gorgeous people.Thankfully L'Assommoir has checked off both of these boxes.
3	Nice decor, tasty savoury small plates, extensive bar, and yet something seems to be missing for me. On Bernard the prices seem a little off for the neighborhood. They are clearly proud of what they do at L'Assommoir on Bernard to the point of perhaps being a little out of touch with the reality on the block. Put it this way - I live nearby and when choosing watering holes L'Assommoir rarely comes up. But in Old Montreal the whole vibe makes more sense, and no doubt, you can get a stiff drink here any day of the week.
4	Their food is really delicious.  Sometimes, the music can be way too loud, and the service inattentive.
4	The other reviews are indeed accurate. The food isn't so great. You're forced to order something to eat because the proximity to a school doesn't allow L'Assomoir to be classified as a bar. My recommendation for eats is the plantain chips. They're different and work well with a fancy drink.When it comes to cocktails, however, these guys are tops. The drinks are all very well balanced and executed. The staff are true professionals. They have a love for cocktails and will enthusiastically share that joy. My table had ordered a few rounds so we were treated to a shot on the house. That's the kind of warm hospitality that separates L'Assomoir from every other place in my mind.While the place is a bit pricey, it's very well justified for those who appreciate a good drink in a good atmosphere.
4	Mmmm! This place is the bomb! Amazing food, large servings, and a huge huge huge list of cocktails. Prices are fine (slightly on the higher side), and ambiance is nice. The only problem I have with this place is that the music is super super super super loud and so it makes conversations difficult. I'd understand if it were a club/bar but this place is meant to be a restaurant, and so it's the only thing that irks me really. Otherwise, take me there any day! Their meat platters are phenomenal, and their tartare.....oh my.. let's just say that their beef tartare is to DIE FOR..and this is coming from someone who avoids raw meat like the plague.Try it out! You won't regret it :)
4	SOMETIMES GOOD, SOMETIMES GREAT and always a little noisy ... the kind of noise that makes a conversation better.I've lived down the street from L'Assommoir for awhile now and have visited several times. They manage to deliver a really good experience, very consistently, with the help of a large and varied cocktail menu, a decent wine list and a moderate range of beers. The food is perhaps a little under-rated, in my experience its been consistently good to very good depending on what I've ordered.The place is nicely arranged; a front bar and dinning/lounge area and a back dining/lounge area. They pay attention to music here, either featuring a live jazz band or, at the least, a good playlist. Depending on the time of day or night and the clientele, it can seem more like an upbeat restaurant or more like a tapas bar / cocktail bar ... I've gone for both of these experiences and have always left feeling satisfied. TIP: By license they can not serve alcohol without food, you'll need to order food if having a beverage. TIP: If you order a small generic food item for the sake of ordering a food item then you run the risk of receiving a small generic food item.
2	Overpriced tapas place! $22 a tapa!!! Not even that tasty! Go to buvette instead for sure!
1	I'm going to try and not be too polarized here but this place misses the mark hard, especially for the mile-end area (that has a lot of interesting places to course from). The prices are substantially inflated on an uninspired menu. I didn't try to many of the drinks but that's because I ordered an old fashioned (with a $10 tag) and when I asked it be made with Makers brought the price of the drink to a tune of $16. It was a terrible old fashioned. If you're going to aim for dinner dining prices don't put tv screens in the washrooms and offer $100 vouchers to go on your birthday. Super tacky. Highly recommend avoiding this place.
