5	We were in search of a new Vet for our dogs dental cleaning as the last did not clean their teeth properly. We met Dr. Inna Goncharov, D.V.M.  Dr. Goncharov was very friendly and honest with us regarding what was needed for our dogs. Dr. Goncharov did not do any pressure sales. The office staff was very friendly and inviting. Our dogs teeth at the end looked beautiful. Thank you to Warm Hearts Pet Hospital for your wonderful services and caring of our loved pets. Apollo and Sir Silas will be regular patients now with you guys.Warm Hearts Pet hospital is highly recommended.
5	Dr. Ina is an involved Vet. She cares! She once met me at her office at 10 PM. She left a movie with her husband to take care of my "Emmy"! I will never forget her for that. Her devotion after hours is very special. That's the sign of a caring Doctor! Thanks Dr. Ina! Emmy and I appreciate everything you do for us.
5	i can just say that a vet who put her cellphone number on her card is actually very rare and showing how much she cares. Even more rare, she pick up the cellphone when we call her on a sunday "emergency"...
1	To give some background, I adopted (from a friend) a Golden Doodle roughly six months ago, so I am a "n00b" to being the primary care taker for an animal.  With that being said, I searched all over town and weighed service, value, convenience/location, and quality of care for my first visit for Lola.   I also wanted to work with someone who would not mind putting up with questions from a new owner.Shortly after adopting Lola, I brought her into Warm Hearts Pet Hospital for a dental cleaning and an ear infection.  The office was extremely busy that day - every examination room was filled and I was waiting in the lobby with roughly five other pet owners.   The receptionists and assistants were a pleasure to work with and actually looked like they enjoyed what they were doing.  I eventually met Dr. Inna Goncharov and can't say good enough things about her.  I never felt like she was rushing to get to the next appointment and felt that her recommendations were out of genuine care for my dog (not to ramp up the bill).  She answered all of my questions and left room to answer more even with the group of people that were waiting on her.  The dental work was exceptional and the medication given for the ear infection worked right the first time (has not returned since).Fast forward to today. I have been working 60-80 hour weeks and noticed Lola acting strange over the last week or so.  I scheduled a check-up for my next available day off.  I felt extremely guilty for having to delay the trip for a couple of days due to my work schedule, but felt confident that Dr. Goncharov would find the issue(s) and take care of them. I pulled up to the parking lot and got a call from Taylor at the Pet Hospital that their internet, payment system, and check-in/out system was down.  The courtesy call was appreciated and systems outage has no impact on my review.   There were three owners waiting on being checked out and all of the examination rooms were empty with me being the only one checking in.  This is where I began to get unsettled.The owners checking out had some additional questions for the vet and when she came out I immediately noticed that the vet working was not Dr. Goncharov.  I checked the wall and Dr. Goncharov's degrees/licenses were still displayed (none for this vet).  The alternate vet looked flustered and visibly annoyed that the owners were asking questions and holding her up.  She even went as far as cutting the talks short and removing herself from view.  Working with difficult people/situations (though only one of the three owners could come remotely close to being labeled as difficult) is something I completely understand, but there is a level of professionalism that I expect from a health care specialist and was appalled at this vet's attitude and treatment of the pet owners.  Had this been my first visit, I would have walked out and never returned.  I got roughly 4 minutes of face time with this vet and a $180 bill.  I never caught the vet's name nor did she ever introduce herself to me.  During those four minutes, she cut me off and finished my sentences for me as I tried to explain the issues with my dog.  She was condescending, rude, and clearly wanted out of there as soon as possible.  After the 4 minutes, the vet no longer made herself available to me (or anyone else) and any questions that I had were answered by proxy through one of the assistants.  It looked it was rubbing off on the other staff as the other assistants said very little or nothing at all while staring at the floor during the check-in/screening/examination.  They looked as unnerved as the vet and though it was the same staff as last time, they no longer looked like they wanted to be there.  The only exception to this was the receptionist Taylor who was present during all of my visits.  She was handling the checking in/out, billing, technical issues, etc.  It did not seem to faze her one bit and she was great to work with.I would not mind paying double the rates if it meant working with a quality professional like Dr. Goncharov.  My free time is limited so I need people that I can trust and count on to be there for my dog when needed.  Though some might find the rates to be high, I do not have any issues with their prices.  However, I felt like I was shafted from all angles on this visit.  20-30 minute wait time when all examination rooms are empty and 4 mins with a vet who did not make herself available for any additional questions.  Unfortunately this will probably be my last trip to this vet.  The alternative would be to call and ask which vet is working on a particular day, but after some thought I came to the conclusion that it is ridiculous to place extra effort to dodge some of the staff to receive quality care for my dog.Sad to have to write this review.
4	After having a horrible experience with another local Vet, I took the recommendation of a friend and called Warm Hearts for an appointment. When I explained my reason for an appointment, she asked me to hold. When she came back, she said to me, can I have your number, Dr. Ina would like to call you back and speak to you directly. Huh? What? Who?. This doctor had not seen my pet, hadn't been paid a dime and she calls me back, listens patiently and then gives me an "action plan" should my pet show any of these symptoms before I can get in for my appointment. The appointment was a breeze and gave me more information on my pets condition that the thousands of dollars and multiple visits I made to the previous vet. Not once did the staff talk poorly of the other practice or the care my pet was given, when it was clearly sub-standard. I will continue to bring my pets in, but hope that this practice does not get too big, that they will not be able to continue to provide this level of care, but I will cross that bridge when I get there.
5	After we adopted our little friend last month, we went there for our first check up and glands cleaning. All staff was really nice, and we really liked Dr. Inna :) And the atmosphere inside is really warm)We definitely will be back very soon for a dental cleaning. Thank you Warm Hearts!)
5	I love this office and everyone that works there. Dr Inna saved my cat's life and for that I can never fully repay her. The staff ALWAYS remembers my cat and his name! My husband has to go in every few months for the cats food and he tells me that it's standard for them to ask how the cat is, I love it! It was funny a few months back when stopping in for his food one of the office girls remember that the cat was getting a little heavy and recommended new food. The attention to detail is outstanding. Keep up the great work guys!!
5	I've been taking my two dogs here for three years. They are always friendly and it is extremely easy making appointments. No need for appts for nail cuts. Great helpful experienced staff.
5	In full disclosure: I did work here. For about 2 weeks.I loved it there! The only reason I left was simply an offer I couldn't refuse (let's face it, money matters.) That being said I will be taking my animals there for anything they need in the future. Having worked at other animal hospitals I can honestly say Dr. Ina, her staff and facility blow the others out of the water. The whole place is crazy clean and well kept. They all genuinely care about the patients and clients. I've sent all my family and friends there since my experience there.
5	I have seen Dr. Ina  before she had her own practice.  I loved  her then and I still feel the same way.  I had to take my ig in for a dental cleaning.  It had cost more than I had.  So Dr.  Ina told me to come in next time I get paid she just wants to take care of my ig.  Thank you so much for doing that.  My old vet would of kept my dog till I paid them in full.  That is a vet that really cares.
5	What a wonderful Vet!!!!!  The office is very clean, the gals are friendly, but Dr. InaIs wonderful, kind and my Izzy was calm with her.  I will always go to Warm Hearts I feel like Izzy got the royal treatment prices are great only $32 an office visit.  I highly recommend Dr. Ina..............Cindy Mason
