5	Pro Check is the only home inspection service I will use, and that's not just as a Realtor, I use them for m personal acquisitions as well.  I have the choice of ANY home inspection company, and they are my only choice.  When Pro Check inspects a property, I know what I'm buying, inside and out.  No one is more thorough, more honest and more helpful.  I cannot recommend them enough.Sherry Hall, Hills & Halls Realty LLC  www.thedirtdealers.com
5	I used Pro Check when I moved to Scottsdale. I used a Realtor to rent out a house and since I was unsure of what I was getting into, the landlord allowed me get the home inspected to make sure there were no issues. The person who lived in the home before me died many years ago, and the house was vacant...I wanted to make sure nothing weird was going on.They showed up on time, were pretty thorough, and were pretty friendly. It's not as as exciting as some of my other reviews, but then again, getting your house inspected isn't as exciting as grabbing a bite to eat, now is it?
5	Pro check is the best company from 3 others  I used prior when I purchased properties. They are honest, fast, and can be trusted. They will give you a very detailed report; I got 52 pages with pictures. The inspector gave some idea how to fix small repairs. They are awesome if I could give them 6 starts, I would.
5	What an impressive company to use for our home inspection. I actually found them on yelp. They were fast, friendly and thorough. Susan and Corky were very professional and extremely thorough on the inspection. Having this company inspect a home that is 10,000 sqft plus is a task in itself and they handled it impeccably along with offering suggestions for improvements that were very helpful and creative. The follow-up inspection report was very detailed along with pictures. They even did a walk thru of the property to go over everything. I would highly recommend this company for future home inspections.
5	I found Corky on yelp and after doing some calling around I did some more research and finally chose to call ProCheck.. and I am so glad I did. What an AMAZING Experience! Corky was prompt, courteous, and incredibly helpful... very personable too! He was very patient with me since I was a new home owner and explained everything in great detail. He gave me pointers and things to look out for in the future. Considering the house was over 60years old, he knew exactly where to find everything that was original and what has been replaced in the house. I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for  a thorough inspection. BTW... He's rates were actually about $100-$150 cheaper than other inspectors out there which was a great plus!!! and that included the Termite Inspection too.
5	We just received a home inspection by Pro Check Home Inspections and they blew us away.  They walked us through every thing in the house, made recommendations, showed us how to use things we didn't know how to use and produce a 62 page report overnight.  What a great company!
