4	Fantastic fish and chips! The menu is great with choices of fresh Atlantic cod , catfish, fried oysters,clams and the scallops are to die for! Joe uses a gluten -free batter which make the fried cod delicate and delicious. The homemade hush puppies are the best I've ever had.Plus for an added bonus this true Bostonian make a homemade New England clam chowder everyday. WOW!
5	I live in South West Vegas and I love eating at some of the family owned places out here. A friend and I have seen Lazy Joe's but always get there when they're closed. Finally tonight we had the opportunity. btw these are the hours: mon- sat 11:00am-9:00pmsunday 12-7FOOD: Delicious. My friend is from San Fransisco and she says it's as close as we're going to get here in Vegas. The fish was light, fresh and not oily like the other places. PRICES: from $0.69 for sides to $13.89 for large meals. It's a price that you can't beat for the quality. AMBIANCE: Adorable little place. Joe the owner was nice and friendly came to chat to us...we found out he's from the bay too. Would definitely go back.
4	This place isn't cheap, but the fish is top-notch and worth the money.  The food is cooked to order.  Their fillets (I had the catfish) have good size and are absolutely delicious.  I will definitely return to try their other fish and seafood.
5	My husband found this place in the 89148 local magazine. We're all about trying new restaurants at least once, once if we don't like it and if we like it, we return! And we will definitely be back to Lazy Joe's!*Mine: Bay Scallops includes: 8 Fried Bay Scallops, Fries, Cole Slaw & Hush Puppies*The Kid: Chicken & Fish Combo includes: Fries, Cole Slaw & Hush Puppies*The Husband: Super Combo- 1 Fish, 2 Shrimp, 2 Oysters, 2 Scallops, 2 Clams, Fries & Cole slawFood was really good! Fries are seasoned and very tasty! Son's chicken & fish was moist and full of flavor. Husband said that his platter was good and mentioned that his oysters tasted "Clean". Anyone that eats oysters knows what that refers to! The breading wasn't thick but very tasty. I loved the scallops, they were cooked perfectly but the only thing that I suggest is to eat them as quickly as you can, try to not let them sit too long. The characteristic of scallops is that they are really juicy, so if you let them sit there for too long, the juices from the scallops will start to leak out and they start to become soggy. That's the nature of the scallops, nothing to do with the restaurant.Decor was very cute! And the staff is so nice. The owner, Joe, talked to us and was super friendly. Definitely returning!
4	My husband and I frequent Rainbow Blvd. for...well almost everything. Noticed Lazy Joe's while driving back and forth on Rainbow and also found their ad on a local newspaper. One of my husband's faves is Fish and Chips so this was a place we had to go to...someday.We finally checked it out for a late lunch on Friday. When we arrived, it was packed! There were no tables available...It's a small place. I would guesstimate the maximum capacity of 30 people. Their menu isn't posted anywhere except an 8x11 copy in front of the register. The hostess was quite helpful and made suggestions while we perused through the menu. I ordered the Fish Sandwich (Cod) which comes with a side of cole slaw and fries. I also ordered Clam Chowder and a drink. Total price: $13.80. Not cheap!My husband ordered the 2 Fish Filet which comes with a side of cole slaw, hush puppies and fries, and a drink. His bill was about $12.00.Their cod Fish Sandwich was very good! Not too greasy. The batter was light. It didn't overpower the fish. They give you a choice between cod, catfish and some other fish. They also give you a choice between regular or seasoned fries. The cole slaw was creamy and a bit underseasoned. The clam chowder was delicious! (Although, they give you a tiny portion for $3.99.)They treat you well at Lazy Joe's. Very attentive and friendly. Absolutely coming back to try their other seafood plates.
5	Great place, food is everything I expected. The frys are home made and the fish sandwich was super good. They also give coleslaw! The owner is super cool too. Go here and eat!
4	When I think of fish and chips the first two restaurants that come to mind are Long John Silver and Arthur Treacher's. Growing up in Virginia those two fast food joints helped form my opinion of that type of food. Needless to say it didn't leave a good impression. If I had a place like Lazy Joe's to try when I was younger I would probably have a higher regard for it.I tried the cod and shrimp combo. Everything is cooked to order. The cod was tender and flakey and the breading crispy and light. Not greasy at all. The combo came with 2 shrimp, which didn't even look like shrimp when they came out because they were long and thin. But, I guess they butterfly them or something to give them that shape. The seasoned fries were great and the hush puppies (2 of them) were equally as good.With a drink the meal came out to about 8 bucks, so it's on the pricey side, in my opinion. But the quality of the food was on point.The place is locally owned, with the owner working the register and checking in on the customers. There seem to be quite a few regulars as the owner knew many of them by name. The decor has a tropical/Keywest vibe, with pastel colors, framed pictures of palm trees and beaches, and plantation shutters on either side of each picture.Thanks Joe for setting me straight on what good fish and chips taste like. I've been missing out all these years.
4	So here I am continuing my eternal quest to find delicious fish and chips in the desert. It's late afternoon, almost 2 pm and I am customer number 4 of 4.  Not a big crowd but it's way past lunch, right?  I've read good things and I trust Yelper's opinions so I rock a two piece cod and take a seat in the now totally M T echo chamber... Was that a pin drop? Okay, I'm goofin' around here; the place is empty but I'm here to sample some brilliant F&Cs not do a line dance. My F&Cs are done right quick and served with a smile. Two big hunks of fish a litle larger than a fat wallet and Real Fries!?!?! Everything is a perfect golden brown. The fish is meaty and dense with a crisp crust.  The fries, though not crisp, are perfect. I believe that the water content in real taters is too high for crispiness.  Included with the PHAT fish and tasty chips are cole slaw, tarter sauce and dos peros de los silencios... Two Hush Puppies... The slaw is good. Cold, crispy, creamy, flavorful etc.... The tarter is good.  Creamy, tart, fatty... Etc. Balsamic... Check!Bite! Hot! Hot! Hot!!! But GOOD! Not the "best" I've ever had but good. Dang good! Just puttin that out there. I'm from Washington state, home of Ivar's Acre of Clams, where even the F&Cs at Dairy Queen rock! Okay, so now that my pedigree is established, you know where I'm coming from.   A gentleman came by asking how's the food.  I told him great and asked where he gets his fish.  I explained I'm from Washington State and caught a lot of Ling Cod in Puget Sound.  He told me he has a Broker from Boston that provides his good seafood. Atlantic Cod is okay with me.BONUS! All you can eat F&Cs on Thursdays to Sundays... Whatch out NOW!  $10.95... Nice!The hunt continues but this was really very good.It's on Rainbow about 1.5 miles from the 215 just past  Warm Springs.  The place is clean with kind of a Jimmy Buffet feel to it...Enjoy!Chow!
4	Earlier this week I was in Escondido, CA on business, and for lunch we went to the Sandcrab Cafe.  The fish and chips there were awesome, but oh so covered in fried batter.  My coworker, having not really had much fried food in his diet as of late, got a mean talking to by his stomach.  I, on the other hand, suffered from a bout of the itis.  Mmm fried food.So here I am on a Saturday afternoon wondering what to put in my belly.  I was driving down South Rainbow, planning on getting something quick at Fausto's, when I saw Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips nearby.  Now the only other fish and chips that I enjoy here in Vegas is at the Crown and Anchor; mostly for the fish.  The fries there are just okay.  I decide to skip Fausto's and head into Lazy Joe's to get my second helping of fish and chips this week; and I'm glad I did.I got myself the two piece cod meal, which came with seasoned fries, cole slaw, and two hush puppies.  The other two fish choices were catfish and hughglej...yeah, I don't remember.  I *think* it started with an H though.  The thing that surprised me was how the fish turned out.  It was delicious, but also didn't have that "fresh out of the fryer" layer of oil on the outside that seems to be typical.  All food is cooked to order, which is obvious when you try to take that first bite of fish (and then proceed to do the rapid "inhale-exhale" with the food still in your mouth, instead of, you know, taking the food out).  The batter on the fish did not overpower the fish, it complemented it in that you didn't feel like you were eating batter with a little fish filling.  The fish fillets were a good size, with me feeling very satisfied at the end of the meal.  The seasoned fries were great as well.  See Michael W.'s review for a more in depth look at the fries.All in all it was a very satisfying meal.  With a bottle of water it cost me $10 and change for my meal.  After finishing my meal I noticed that they had a sign with a special for all you can eat fish and chips for $10.95 or so; better deal?  Yes, but I was already stuffed after two pieces of fish.  Keep that in mind before you go for the one, two or three piece combo!
4	A locals' place specializing in Fish & Chips is always a welcome addition to the neighborhood!A quick look at the menu and with some help from the older gentleman working the counter and fryer - we put our orders in and took a seat.* 2 Cod Fillets ($8.89)* 2 Haddock Fillets ($8.89)Both orders came with fries, coleslaw, tartar sauce, and hush puppies.  I personally like the cod fillets over the haddock, while the Husband enjoyed the haddock over the cod.  The fish had a nice batter to it and we ate it all up.It's a simple restaurant with no frills that serves up some decent fish and chips on red and white checked paper in baskets.Other things on their menu worth checking out include fried catfish, popcorn shrimp, fried shrimp, calamari, soft shell crab, steamers, fried clams, fried oysters, and chicken fingers.
1	I hate writing this review.  I was so looking forward to trying Lazy Joe's.I went in hungry, in a good mood and wanting fish and chips.Very nice girl at the counter and the owner cooking.  I ordered the 2 piece cod platter and a side of onion rings.  The main problem is that everything comes coated in this bland, pale batter.  A good fish batter should cook up golden brown or darker, be crunchy and add flavor to the food.  The pale, tan concoction that was on the fish and onion rings was flavorless and just looked ugly.  I tried to dunk my fish in the tartar sauce, but the batter fell apart.  Then tried cutting with knife and fork, same problem,  crumbled into bits.  Now I know your probably thinking I waited too long to eat it.  Wrong, I ate the fish within 5 minutes of it being prepared.So until a new batter is used,  I will have to stay away.
5	I come in weekly on Fridays (sometimes Thursdays) to get the "Shark Feast" which is all you can eat Haddock, Cod, or Catfish. I never can eat more than 5 or 6 pieces of fish. Joe loves his fish.. he will tell you about it... ask him.. It's not from some local wholesaler or market. He flies in all the fish/crabs from the places they are caught from. FRESH!Apparently everything is Gluten free. The last time I was there there was a lady at the next table that looked like she was going to cry because "This is the first fried food I have been able to eat in years"So I guess it is good enough to make people cry
3	The Skinny: Gluten free goodness made to order (2.75),service - it's counter service and the owners are friendly (4), value - 3 cod fillets plus a side of zucchini sticks and a diet coke was around $18 plus tax (3.5).There are some great things about this place. When we walked in, first thing I notice - no heat lamps and no pre-breaded fish sitting around. They make their stuff to order which is awesome. The bag of their special batter (a gluten free recipe) can be purchased here. The owner was quite nice and advised us to get a small drink (which is still a gigantic 20oz cup) as there are free refills in the restaurant.The various fried items (fish and zucchini) were nicely breaded with their special coating and remained moist inside. The coating was substantial and more in the style of a cornmeal-type breading rather than a lighter beer batter. The great thing was it was not greasy but yes, as a previous reviewer noted the batter did have some trouble holding together.On the downside was their sides and sauces. The tartar sauce was too heavy on the mayo - not enough acidity to balance out the flavour. The coleslaw was kind of bland, nothing special. The fries were homestyled fries which typically lack that lovely crispiness and are prone to become soggy quickly. The hush puppies were ok.Finally a quick note or word of warning. This place doesn't really season (salt/pepper) their fried items for you. Personally, I have no problem with that 'cause that's how they roll in some of the fry shops in the UK that I've been to. It's kind of expected that you load your stuff with packets of salt/pepper yourself.Overall, I think this place is good but nothing I feel an urgent need to return for. However for those who have dietary restrictions, this maybe a place you need to check out.
3	it was ok.  i had the codfish that came with a side of cole slaw and hush puppies [which were really good!]  i really want to come back and try the catfish.  the clam chowder was excellent, and the fish was definitely fresh.. if i have a craving for fish and chips i'd definitely come back.   i hear there's a time to come in and it's an all you can eat fish fest...  i will definitely try and come in for that!  then i could probably give a better review!
4	So here's the skinny.  $11.95 AYCE Thurs-Sat.  You'll spend 7-8 bucks for a 2-3 piece any other day but for 12 bucks, this is a steal.  You have your choice of catfish, haddock, and cod.  I'd rank them haddock, cod, then catfish.  I'm from the south so I get catfish al the time. The haddock has great clean flavor. The fish is not seasoned but they provide all the fixen's.  I like to drench with malt vinegar and hot sauce.  Each order comes with 3 pieces, fries, hush puppies, and cole slaw.  You can then order more and they're quick with it.I had to throw in the towel at 8 but I'd encourage you to go for the dirty dozen.Mgmt, charge me 2-3 bucks so i can get some shrimp with it.!I'll be back!
2	I finally got around to getting to Lazy Joe's the night before Thanksgiving. I got there around 5pm, and they were actually pretty busy!I really, really wanted to like this place, but I had some issues. I'll say first i'm NOT a fan of their batter. I know, it's gluten-free, and i'm glad this is out there for people with gluten allergies. But, I prefer a beer-battered fish. The quality of the fish was good, I got a single piece of cod, and 2 shrimps. The flesh was sweet and tasty, no fishiness. YAY! The batter is just not up my alley, it's dense and heavy. The hushpuppies were -excellent- and I really liked those! They seemed handmade, with flecks of onion and parsely. The fries were SO dissappointing! The color -looked- good on them, but they were soggy, limp and greasy. I got the seasoned fries, and I liked the flavor of the seasoning, I just could not eat much, due to the limpness.The owners of the business really TRY hard, tho. They are both friendly people, and seem to care about some things, but leave other aspects hanging. It's a small place, with perhaps seating for 30 people. There are menus on the table, and it seemed like it was a sit-down, waiter service type of place. But, if you took a seat, you'd find people cutting in front of you, and they don't bother to put signage up, to let people know to order FIRST, then take a seat. Clarification on this would be nice, but I'm sure the regulars knows the drill by now.I'm glad I tried Lazy Joe's, but I won't be back. If I want great F&C, I have a Village Pub down the street that is much more to my liking.
4	I've been to Lazy Joe's a handful of times and always have a pleasant experience.  I usually order the 2 piece cod meal....the fish is fresh, the coleslaw creamy and the hush puppies & fries are tasty.  The gluten-free batter does take away some of the crispiness and normal taste I associate with fish & chips, but it does seem less greasy.  I would like to see the option of "regular" batter and the gluten free as I tend to prefer the more traditional taste.  The owners are great to talk to and provide that neighborly friendliness that is missing in many restuarants.
4	Being from Boston Joe's is a great find.  Great clam Chowdah!  Great fried Hadock & Cod - I should know I was raised on this stuff.  I absolutely love the onion rings.  Next time I go back I will try the fried clams.
5	I'm a huge fan of fish/shrimp and found out about this place through this website, thanks yelpers. I been to this place a total of 3 times already and have zero complaints about my visits. They have an all-you-can eat fish or shrimp deal I believe Thursday through Saturday, so that's when I make the drive across town. The haddock fish is my favorite there to have. It's more 'beefier' than the other two. Perfect with a squeeze of lemon and dipped in sauce. The meal comes with the fish or shrimp (whatever you decide), side of fries, cole slaw, and two hush puppies. The hush puppies are really good also, as well as the clam chowder. The service is always friendly and upbeat. Whenever I'm close to being finished, I'm always asked if I'd like more fish or shrimp. I'd recommend this place to anyone who likes fish and chips.
3	I pass by this place all the time and have been wanting to try it out. So I finally stopped in one day after work. This place is cozy and tropical and the owner (who I assume is Joe) is very friendly. Quick tip #1: order at the counter before you sit down. I ordered the 2 cod and chips platter ($9.99). Quick tip #2: City Saver card saves you 15% your entire order. I researched this place beforehand so I already knew the batter was going to be different (gluten free). I've never had gluten free anything but was looking forward to my first experience. With that said, I now know I am not a fan of gluten free anything =) I much prefer beer battered fish. Setting aside my issues with the batter, the fish was moist and flaky and really good. The fries were seasoned well but were a little soggy (and I really like my fries to be crispy). I wasn't a fan of the slaw, it was a little bland. It also comes with 2 hush puppies (which admittedly I thought were only shoes up until this point) that were very tasty!
5	Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips is incredible (especially for us gluten-free folk)! An array of seafood is breaded and fried in batter that is gluten free, dairy free, egg free... finally! And when's the last time you saw gluten-free onion rings? Theirs are better than any glutenous ones I ever had. They are not exclusively gluten free, but the few gluten-containing items are clearly marked on the menu. They are also very careful about avoiding cross-contamination and make sure to fry all gluten free foods in their own fryer. The people there are really nice, too! Joe is the best!
5	What a great find! I have had this place on my radar for a while, so when the Groupon came out, I was excited to finally get the opportunity to try this place!I have heard great things about the gluten-free options and it did not disappoint. I ordered the 2 cod fillets meal and my fella got the coconut shrimp meal. I wasn't a big fan of the hushpuppies (a little dry for my taste), but my fella loved them. I loved the cole slaw and fries. I adore when they keep the skins on the fries, so yummy! On to the main event, the shrimp and fish. I preferred the shrimp and my fella preferred the fish, so halfway through we switched plates. The fish is great and the batter is very tasty, but the star was the cocunut shrimp. Great texture and the cocktail sauce was sweet and spicy, yum!The owners were friendly and attentive, checking on us regularly and making sure we were enjoying our food and had everything we needed. I can't sing the praises of this place enough.
5	This is a casual counter service type place. Everyone was friendly and attentive. I was excited to be able to order practically everything on the menu even though I don't eat fish.  I had the chicken fingers and fried zucchini. The chicken was real chicken and moist. The fried zucchini was also fresh and not frozen. My friends were happy with their fish selections. I'll definitely go back.
3	So being as im from back east and love seafood, when I was told about this place i just couldnt believe that Vegas actually have some real fish and I didnt have to make a reservation to eat it.  When we pulled up it was smaller than the Mexican joint next to it and I was very unsure about the whole thing. When I walked in tho and saw the picutres and smell it took me back and I thought I was sitting at the board walk.I assumed we would be served because menus were on the table but as soon as we sat down the lady told us to order at the register when we were ready.  the staff was sitting down watching Tru TV with the TV pretty loud when we walked in but was kind enough to turn it down when asked.  I ordered the lobster roll and my mother the haddock. My roll cam on what looked like a piece of texas toast, one slice foldded in half, with a mixture of lobster, celery, mayo, it was very runny but had a good taste. The seasoned fries were fresh cut but soggy.  My mothers fish tho was excellent. The batter was not too heavy  and very flakey. The hushpuppies a little to dry.  First impression was not the best, good thing i got two groupons......will have to try something different. The place has potential.
4	Got a groupon to this place...cute little mom and pop owned place on rainbow@robindale. I had the lobster roll sandwich, hubby got the softshell crab, and kiddo got the kids fish n chips. All were very good (I've got to try everybody's to determine if I'd be back or not). Hubby's softshell crab was wonderful, I may order that when I go next time. My lobster roll was ok-I was a little disappointed by the size and i could barely taste the lobster due to the other ingredients it was mixed with. Kiddo's cod fillet was pretty good. I really want to try the steamed clams basket next time. All entrees came with fries,which we all chose seasoned.Closed on sundays.
2	**Summary**       - The fryers are situated 10-20 feet from where you're sitting so prepare to smell like grease. That probably also explains why everything felt sticky.       - Fried Catfish seemed moist and flakey but were a little too greasy and lacked the flavorful cornbread breading of other places.       - 1lb of steamed clams seems like a lot more food than it actually is.**Price**       - $24 for two.**Ordered**       - 3 Catfish Fillets with fried, cole slaw & hush puppy - The catfish was moist, but extremely greasy. The seasoned fries seemed a little undercooked.       - 1lb of steamers (steamed clams) - With the buttery gravey, cholesterolicious, but not very filling.**Recommendations**       - Maybe I just caught them on a bad day, but I wasn't seeing what the other yelpers were saying. I'll probably give them another shot based on the other reviews.
5	I just had their chicken wings and chicken fingers.it was very good and fresh,also gluten free and they use soybean and vegetable oil only..awesome place for food
4	Fish and Chips are for me. I tried this place with my girl and we both fell in love. Everything we ate was delicious and we will definitely be regulars. I had the coconut shrimp plate and my girl got the fish and chips. We traded plates halfway through since she liked what I had more and vice versa. Fast and friendly service. Mark of a great restaurant in my book. I plan to return, and soon.
5	I almost teared up when I read about this place. All fried and all gluten free? I am in heaven! I ordered enough plates to cover the table and was not disapointed. Mu boyfriend even said that the fried shrimp batter tasted better than normal batter. Anyone who was a fan of fried food before being on a gluten free diet, simply must try this place!
5	Came back to redeem our second Groupon. Love this place. Chatted with Lazy Joe for quite some time. He told us to keep an eye out for another Groupon available in the near future. YAY! Although I'll come back without one any time. They're that good and cheap.The food was just as great as the last time. My fella got the AYCE shrimp, which is a steal at $11.99. I ordered the softshell crab sandwich which was also delightful. I haven't had one thing I don't like here yet! Which is rare for me, since I'm not usually a big fan of deep fried food. Everything's cooked to order, so you might have a bit of a wait, but it's worth it.Friendly owners and staff, great food and convenient location and hours. What's not to love about this place.Glowing recommendation from me! I'll be back - soon.
5	Last night I had been craving for fish and chips, so I went to Jack in the Box to get my fix.  Sadly, they discontinued that item.  The next morning I had yelped around to look for places to eat and stumbled across this place.  The name of the restaurant had it all, "Fish and Chips".  I ordered the Cod fish with regular fries and was a bit skeptical because the price was a bit higher than my normal fish and chips at jack in the box.  But the flaky, soft, tender taste of the Cod made me realize that this is what fish and chips should taste like, not the old soggy greasy fish at jacks....The fried to were a delightful surprise, made with whole potatoes and seasoned perfectly!  The hush puppies along with the Cole slaw topped the overall meal.  Customer service was also an A++.  Overall, I gave this place a 5 star for their great food, customer service and the little extras that gives your meal a variety of taste!
2	I wanted to like it, I wasn't impressed the first time and thought maybe I was just in a bad mood so I stopped by again as I was in the mood for fish and chips.I'm not a fan of the Gluten Free batter.  It just tastes "Blah" and kills the flavor in my opinion.  They should have a traditional beer batter or tempura batter for the normal people.Staff and owner are friendly and prices are reasonable but I most likely won't be back unless they add a different style batter to their menu.Jason
2	The name say's it all. LAZY Joe's Fish & Chips. I purchased a Groupon for this place in high hopes. My boyfriend and I love Fish & Chips and since we live close to Crown & Anchor, we would usually go there. To change up the scenery a little bit, we popped into this little joint. I live close to UNLV so this place wasn't an easy find for me. I got the number and asked for cross streets. The lady on the phone sounded super southern (she literally said, ''we are a hop, skip, and a jump away from New Day Cafe, whatever the hell that is) and extremely annoyed. That wasn't a good first impression. We finally found it, and not with her help. We went inside, sat down and were greeted after being there for a little bit. The waiter told us about a special they were having and I told him I had a Groupon, he sounded excited and said, ''I LOVE IT'' and brought over the ''specials'' menu. We ordered 2 Haddock filets each with fries and a coke. For an appetizer we ordered the ''Flowering Onion''. I redeemed the Groupon and went back to my seat. After a couple of minutes she came back over with a receipt and told me I had to pay for the meal because the Groupon doesn't work for the specials, so I asked if we could just pay the difference since the Groupon was worth $20. She said no. I told her that I had already redeemed it. She stared at me with judging, watchful, eyes and then said, ''FINE''. She gave me a receipt for a different total. Which wasn't much less than the other total and I just payed it because we were already there. We got our food, the hush puppies were incredible but everything else was mediocre. The worst was the over-seasoned & uneatable ''flowering onion''. It was the saltiest thing I had ever eaten. The filets were average, they tasted a little better with vinegar. The fries were overcooked and over-seasoned as well. I didn't even bother with the cole slaw. I'd say all in all, the coke and the hush puppies were great. I will just go ahead and stick to Crown & Anchor, they have the best fish & chips in town and their beer choices are the perfect pair to this meal. I don't know what I was thinking.
3	I'm always in search of good Fish & Chips and that seems hard to find in this town. So alas, I gave this place a shot especially since it was near my house. After all, what did I have to lose? First Impression: Hmm maybe we should re-think this! We walked in and the place was dead but the owner was a great fella along with the rest of his staff so we decided to stay. My fellow foodie and I ordered our dishes- 2 cod & onion rings and 2 chicken/2 cod with seasoned fries. Let me tell ya, those fries are so worth it. If you like the cajun fries at 5 Guys, these are better! Nice and crispy and great portion size. At first glimpse of my plate, i'm thinking hmm $10.99 is far to expensive for 2 itty bitty little pieces of fish and 2 small but fat pieces of chicken. Well once I started eating I soon learned that the combo was bigger than I thought. All them carbs quickly filled my stomach. Lo and behold, there was a huge cod filet buried under my fries! The interesting thing is that they use a gluten-free batter, which has it's pros and cons. One pro being that the fish wasn't as soggy and greasy as you find in other places. The con being that there was hardly any flavor and I hate to use the tartar sauce & malt vingear for every bite just to give it flavor. My partner enjoyed her over cooked onion rings, which the staff was more than happy to remake but she declined. Had they been cooked slightly less, these onion rings would have phenomenal! They were seasoned perfectly just a tad bit over cooked for me.The chicken strips were thick and juicy, and the cod fish could have been great but alas the gluten free batter killed the taste.  This place definitely has the right bells and whistles, they just need to revamp the batter and I could definitely see myself coming back.
4	It is difficult finding places that make fried gluten free food anywhere in this country without holding the threat of cross contamination over you. For some, cross contamination is not a large concern and fried food, in all its glory, can be experienced with a minimal price to pay later that day/night. For people like myself, too much cross contamination is out of the question and fried food is something of the past unless you make it fresh at home. Of course, I felt this way until I read about Lazy Joe's and it was all trouble from there.First off, do not come to Lazy Joe's thinking that you are going to get that rustic ale flavor from their fish and chips. The breading is gluten-free, so it is going to taste a little different than the pub down the street (see Crown and Anchor in Vegas!). However, that doesn't mean it isn't delicious! The breading is still a little flaky and not too heavy so that it weighs down the flavor in the seafood. Even though the breading lacks seasoning at times (I wouldn't mind them adding some salt, pepper, granulated garlic, herbs, etc to give it a little more character), when it encases something like a flowered onion or a big stick of mozzarella cheese, very few negative things can be said about this experience. I added some seasoning and BAM! Dunk those fat cheese sticks into their great marinara sauce and you have an appetizer. There is nothing but pleasure while eating their version of Chili's Awesome Blossom. My waistline may hurt a little after eating these app's, but hey, it can't hurt once in a while!Onto our entree's: Calamari and Popcorn Shrimp. Oh deliciousness. Like I said, the breading needs a little more character but wow do they know how to cook this food perfectly. The shrimp were nicely sized and tender while helped by the added crunch of the breading. The portion size was quite large and if we had stopped eating when we should have, there would still be some pieces left the next day. The calamari was perfect. Served with a marinara sauce, I almost forgot about the simple breading and the fact I had to add a little extra seasoning and some lemon to make it just right. I love that they give you the rings and actual calamari itself when they serve you. FANTASTIC.Now, onto the fries. If you like crisp, somewhat over cooked french fries than this is not your place. If you are okay with slightly limp fries but with fantastic seasoning, this is the place to go. I normally like my fries crispy, but when they put their seasoned fry seasoning on these potatoes I forgave the lack of crunch and dove in head first into the massive pile of carbohydrates in front of me. To all those who say these fries are terrible, please admit to not liking these type of fries before bashing potatoes that are actually very good and bring the meal full circle. Just a tip: GET THEM SEASONED. Otherwise, they're just predictable and you should try to keep it interesting.All in all, this should be a solid 3.5 stars, but because Yelp refuses to apply half stars to their reviews I will push it up to 4 because the service was friendly, the restaurant was clean and well-maintained and hey, any place that makes it safe for me to eat in will beat plenty of other restaurants in my book!P.S. They have specials all the time. Check their website!
5	Great Fried Clams! Batter was light on the clams & onion rings!
2	My sister is eating gluten free these days so last weekend in Vegas we went to Lazy Joe's because the batter on their fish and shrimp is gluten free.This is a very small, unassuming place in a strip mall. Not much on ambiance. If you take a date there, she will not be impressed and you won't get another date. On Friday's they have an all you can eat shrimp special and that is what we had. I've never had gluten free deep fried shrimp before so I can't compare it to other gluten free places, but I have had my share of regular fried shrimp before and I can tell you this place just doesn't compare.The shrimp lived up to their name and were on the small side. The gluten free batter was okay, but rather flavor-less. Maybe it's really good for gluten free, but if you aren't gluten free you can find much, MUCH better deep fried shrimp with little to no effort. Honestly, Long John Silver's has better fried shrimp.The service was fine and the owner did come by to check with us and make sure everything was good. That was very nice, but honestly, if you aren't eating gluten free there is really no reason to come here. You can find better quality food for the same price if not less.
4	A couple of Yelp friends recommended this place and then a Groupon popped up one day.  Bingo!  The Groupon was expiring soon, so I went tonight.  I'm so glad I did!For a starter, I got a small (8 oz.) clam chowder which is done New England style.  It was excellent and it was served mouth burning hot!!  I had a bottle of hot sauce on my table I'd asked for.  The cook asked me how I liked his chowder (Joe, perhaps?) and he asked if I used the hot sauce in the chowder.  I had not, but i saved enough to give the chowder a good shot of the hot sauce.  It is great!  Next time - hot sauce in the chowder from the get go!I had the large (12) fried clams.  With it I got the seasoned fries (included with the meal) and cole slaw.  Two hush puppies come with this meal, too!  I got a small iced tea.  Refills allowed. You order at a counter and then the staff brings your food to you.  The seasoned fries were very good.  I found myself using hot sauce more than the tartar sauce for my clams.  I agree with Candace that there's too much mayo and not enough acidity to balance the mayo.This is a nice place to stop for a different dinner.  I'm not sure I'd make the trip there often, but it's a good alternative.Note on the photo of the soup.  All I had was my iPhone and I was too close.  It's way better than photo would indicate!
5	Is Better Batter! Don't know how I ended up at lazy Joe's. Fish n chips is not in my brain collection of things I crave, but here I was looking at the menu and once I do that, I'm at the point of no return, I have to order something..... I think I'll order something fried.  I decided on the fried calamari, The cod fillet and shrimp combo plate. Everything is made with special batter for people that are gluten intolerant. The only thing I'm intolerant ,that I know of, is bad food. so I was hoping taste didn't go where gluten went.  This is not a Red Lobster or a Long John Silver. Lazy Joe is a very small restaurant on a strip mall, but they're not about size or theater staging, they're about food! still the place is nicely  and casually decorated, the staff is very friendly and the place kept very clean.  In case you're wandering, the food was surprisingly good, did not miss the gluten at all the fish was crispy and so were the chips. The calamari was very tasty also, and the sauces were in harmony with the rest of the food. Can't wait to come back and try the other items, even though the prices are a bit too high. But is understandable being in the middle of the desert and serving the freshest possible food from the coast.             Joe! I'm saving my money so I can try that new lobster roll!
2	its ok i ate all my food cause i was starving. wont be back again. not a fan of gluten free establishments its a waste of time .....great service tho!
5	Great place for fish & chips! If you have a wheat allergy or celiacs disease then this is the place for you! The coconut shrimp are fantastic. Fresh shrimp and real coconut!
3	I've been wanting to try this place for a while now.  With the cold wet weather, and my cancelled business trip to London next month, I decided fish & chips were in order today.Have to say, it was a little pricey for counter-order fish & chips.  The fish was fresh and flaky, but the batter was a little heavy for my taste.  I guess my British version expectation threw me off a little.  Maybe this is more Southern style?  Anyway, it was tasty enough for me to finish.  The fresh cut "chips" (fries) were okay too.  Nothing to write home about.I will probably go back to try some of the other batter fried seafood treats, like clams, calamari, etc.  I doubt I'll go back for fish & chips though.
5	This is my gluten free fried heaven!! I came here for my birthday with my friends, and even my gluten eating friends really enjoyed their food. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for making gluten free fried goodies!!! I am just so sad that you guys are so far away.... COME OPEN SHOP IN LA!!!! =D
3	I suffer from Celiac's disease. I was excited to find this restaurant since they offer such an extensive gluten free menu. I loved having choice again! My only complaint is that the food could use more seasoning. It had a bland taste though I enjoyed the hush puppies!
2	I've been meaning to try this place for a while. I was really excited walking in and I couldn't wait to get elbow deep in a bunch of fried foodz. But le sigh, the entire time I was eating I was somewhat disappointed... For the price I paid, I feel like I've eaten better elsewhere.ORDER: I ordered the Super Combo. Since it was my first time, I wanted to sample what this place had to offer. This order came with 1 fish, 2 shrimp, 2 oysters, 2 scallops, 2 clams, 2 hush puppies, fries and cole slaw. I'm no fish connoisseur, so I went with the haddock because the owner said it was the best; but you can choose whatever fish floats your boat between that, cod, and catfish.BATTER: Seemed like everything was dipped in a universal batter. It was quite thick and completely unseasoned--heavy spices aren't common for fish & chips. But maybe a little sea salt? I had tartar, cocktail, ranch, and some buttermilk-y sauce which was awesome... but I still felt like my meal was missing something!SEAFOOD: The fish was cooked perfectly: most & flaky. The shrimp were cut kinda funny--couldn't even tell they were shrimps until I bit into it--a little tough if you ask me! The clams and oysters had to be my favorite part. I love that clean ocean-y taste; the seafood they use here is pretty good quality! SIDES: I upgraded to sweet potato fries for an extra $1. Totally worth it. What's not to love about the holy fried sweet potato?? Crisp on the outside, soft and sweet on the inside. I'm crazy about fried mushrooms so I went with an order of that for another $3.69. I'm not a fan. The mushrooms here are bland and quite rubbery. Not ordering those again.SERVICE: Excellent! The owner was working the register and preparing the food. She was so sweet and gave me some recommendations on what to eat. Everything is made fresh. It serves up pretty quick--within 10 minutes or so.OPTIONS: If your dining partner doesn't like seafood, they do offer other options like chicken fingers and chicken wings. They also have sandwiches like the lobster roll and soft shell crab sandwich which I really want to try. I was half satisfied with my meal. I think if I come here again, I need to order something a little different. I require heavily seasoned foods and that's probably the reason why this place isn't on my hitlist. Also considering I spend $23 and wasn't pleased with my meal somewhat irked me a bit--a little pricy!Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
5	Gluten free! At first I was skeptical because I wondered how the texture and taste of the batter would be like without all the Glutenous goodness in there. However, I did overhear one of the employees tell a customer that a part of their secret ingredient is pineapple juice. Pineapple juice? Sold! I love pineapples in liquid form. This then made me assume that this batter would be slightly sweet...I opt to get their 2 and 2 combo which had 2 slices of the cod and 2 shrimps for $10.99. Oh..it was delish! The breading was light and not filling at all (but it's a good enough portion to leave you satisfied) with a nice crisp to it. I could taste a very very light sweetness to it which I assume is from the pineapple juice! The cod was so tender that it started breaking apart in my hands as I ate them by piece. No complaints here though! I was happy to have a variety and was glad that the shrimp was a good portion as well. The fries are nicely seasoned too. I'm a big fan. It's such a small place, but it's SO clean and the decor is just too cute to not admire. I also commend them for having such an open kitchen where guests can see you cook. I find that people who are confident with their execution of the food, and their cleanliness by letting guests see them cook is respectable and trustworthy. The service is so wonderful. I see them walk around and have conversations with guests on a personal level (I mean in a hospitable manner). It was so nice of the guy to stop me halfway through buying a bottle of lemonade by warning me that the lemonade was completely organic with no additives so its extra sour. I'm all for lemonade, but that extra sour to it makes me feel like I might as well just drink a full glass of lemon juice (YIKES!). Good looking out my friend! So I just got the mango lemonade instead...phew.Great food. Great people. Cute little place. Need I say more?
4	Joe the owner is a friendly Bostonian who told his life story as the food was prepared, which was good because we were interested. We had one gluten-free eater and one wheat-free diner with us and they were SO happy to have fish and chips again. The corn flour breading is crispy and much less greasy than regular fish and chips. The onion rings and fried zucchini were also top-notch.We drove a long, long way to visit Joe's and it was worth it, especially for the gluten-free diners.The atmosphere is strip-mall basic with a nautical theme, harsh lighting and a TV in the corner. But the food is the draw here and it is yummy.
5	I defiantly enjoyed the lobster roll.  The meat was very tender and the sauce was not over powering or thick.  I also ordered the family combo with combination of catfish and cod.  The pieces are good size.  So if you think the 10 piece is not enough, trust me it is.  I had to take it to go and to my surprise after a 20 min drive the breading did not soften.Overall, the service was great.  Everyone there acknowledged me as a customer.  However, the place is a bit small.
1	Bland food, over-priced, slow service, and dirty.I walk in to the restaurant and it is warm and reeks of grease.  You know when you can just smell the grease lingering in the air.  The ventilation system needs to be improved or considering how well the place is cleaned the hood system may need a deep cleaning.  The soda fountain has exposed lines and an open drainage system, very unsightly. As I am standing there waiting 10 minutes for someone to take our order I started looking around the place.  The walls are dirty, I cannot even guess the last time the fryers were moved in order to clean the old food and filth underneath them.  The fryers have old caked on grease on the sides, again couldn't even fathom a guess as to when it was cleaned last.  My arms stuck to the table we were seated at.For a fast food restaurant it took 45 minutes to get our order because they literally fix one ticket at a time.  Sadly, there was only 3 tickets ahead of ours.  We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.  I knew I should have insisted when go somewhere else but my wife really wanted to try the place out.  I had to drive straight home and I spent the next 30 minutes vomiting.  I can make substantially better fish n' chips at home for a fraction of the price and time it took them to fix our order.  Drive out of your way to find a Long John Silvers you will be way better off.
5	I saw this place advertised on Channel 5 news, and said have to check it out. Being from Massachusetts,,I miss my seafood. And was I pleased. I have been back hear many times, if you love seafood, this is the place. I have read all of the reviews, maybe you should go back  and try again because. When I went back to QuicyMass. for the summer and had fresh fish fried, right there,,I was so sick for days.I had to come back to Vegas to get better seafood, really. Unless you havent been grown up on seafood. And the one guy who said he had to wait for 15 min to be waited on ,,he must have been in the wrong place. Hey Joe I told you move over to this side of town. Were all from back east over here .I"ll be in for my chowda"   Thanks,Julie
1	Disgusting, it started off with the lady working there smoking a cigarette right next to us as we tried to read the menu on the window outside, (and we were there first, she walked out as we were standing there) it was so bad we finally gave up and went inside to get away from the smell. That should of been the red flag to send us on our way. She came in behind us and there was a younger guy working the register. He was just plain scary looking, looked totally cracked out and rubbed his nose as he stared at us. The woman took over the register and you could tell he was irritated and didn't want to be there. Neither one of them washed their hands before beginning to prepare the meal.If it wasn't prepaid, I probably would have just left, in hindsight should have just asked for a refund. The food was bland, no taste, had to be smothered in tarter sauce to make it eatable. Never again.
1	First & last time for me !!! Not so friendly staff (female)! I ordered a 2 piece fish & chips meal  for 9.99 & the fish was very dry .  The fries had good flavor but under cooked. The batter was falling apart as I was eating the fish. The floor by the deep fryers were disgusting as if they pushed all the food that dropped under it. There was no other people in there, that alone tells they suck ! Never again !!!
5	I feel very welcomed and enjoy the service every time I visit. My friend who requires a Gluten Free diet also loves it. The food is excellent and choices are plenty!
4	Great seafood place. The food is fresh and cooked to order. The staff is pleasant and it has a nice New England feel. They use Gluten Free flour and cook in a natural oil so the batter is light and doesn't fill you up or make you feel like you ate a brick. You can also choose between white and sweet potato fries. The coleslaw is good but needs some help in the seasoning department. The only downside is that you may have to wait a while for your meal if there are a lot of people in front of you. But to me it's worth it for fresh cooked seafood! Recommend!
5	Pretty Great Food over there! I'm not really a seafood fanatic, but I've had my share and it tasted Really Fresh. they also serve Chicken Strips And Burgers there for those people who don't eat seafood like myself, so no ones left out. Their Burger was a nice size burger and surprisingly Good, better than what i was expecting! Service there was really nice!!!
5	Absolutely amazing place to eat all the fried food in Vegas and with glutton free, there is no way anyone is getting fat or getting that nasty greasy food in you! Especially here, it is healthy and yet delicious to enjoy all your favorite fishy food out there!The moment you wait in land for this craving of yummy fishes, it quinces your thirst with mouth watering aroma smell!Go there and Enjoy!
5	When you first walk in it looks a bit small but has a nice mom and pop feel to the place.  I'm not always the biggest fan of fried food but Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips delivered foods that I'd recommend!  The food is glutten-free, which gives the it a nice clean taste to it.  It's not greasy and best of all after my meal, I don't have the rush of food coma that takes over as I normally do with other fried foods. To some it can be consider bland but that's where their amazing dipping sauces of tartar & ranch comes into play.  Also their beverages are quite refreshing especially on a scorching day.  The best value is their all you can eat fish & chips.  You get to try the three types of fish they have along with unlimited seasoned fries (chips).  If you're ever looking for good fish & chips or fried seafood this is the place to be.  Check them out!
4	Wow! First of all, let me start off by saying: DO NOT get turned off by the fact that this place is 'only' Fish and Chips. Because this is not the case. If you love fish and chips, well this place is for you. If you don't care for fish and chips, there are other things on the menu that you can try. All the food is gluten free and the oil that they use to fry the food - makes the food super light, and not oily at all. I normally eat the blooming onion at Outback Steak House, but upon trying Lay Joe's flowering onion, I realized that Outback's Blooming onion sucks! The seasoning fries that came with my all-you-can-eat fried shrimp was amazing! Super tasty. The fried shrimp was really good and fresh. Our table also ordered the fried clams, and the all-you can-eat fried fish, and Lazy Joe's himself allowed for us to share and try each item. The tartar sauce used for the fish is amazing, but if you're like me and prefer malt vinegar, they have that avaiable too. When ordering the all-can-eat fish, there were three choices. Haddick, Cod, or Catfish. Order the haddick - the taste of the haddock is the best. Not too dry or flaky. The catfish is super juicy but can be a little bland. The service was wonderful! Lazy joe's himself was there to cook our food as we ordered it. It is as fesh as it gets. He really knows his stuff explaining which region the clams and shrimp came from. The staff was friendly and acommodating. The place felt, upon entering, small and alittle warm. Even though this place was packed, the food didn't take long to make at all. Even for all-you-can-eat. Even though the location is a little bit hard to find, and really far  from where I'm at, I would definitely recommend everyone to cone out and try this place.
5	Joe is worth the 20 min we drove from our hotel. Joe, the owner -- coolest 67 year old Bostonian we have ever met. The man oozes passion for his shop and the food reflects that. Our family of seven devoured our food, and I was on the verge of tears eating the first fried zucchini and mushrooms I've had in four years!  Gluten free foodies will relish eating FRESH fish and chips instead of the frozen stuff we're typically banished to!  A wonderful experience for the whole family. Highly recommend it.
2	For my husband and i, it wasnt so much the bland taste of the food, which we forgave because it is gluten free, but the staff was a bit unusual for us to truly have an enjoyable meal. Loud, not particularly nice, and looking perhaps as if they had served some time not so long ago. We wont be back.
1	I was in the mood for Fish and Chips, and I'd been thinking about trying this place since it was so close to my apartment. Big mistake. I ordered the Admiral's combo which includes 3 of your seafood choice, fries, and hush puppies. I had the Cod, the shrimp, and the clams. As soon as I get home I dig in, the first piece I had was a clam strip, and it was NASTY; Mushy, undercooked, and extremely fishy tasting. I move on to the shrimp, which was possibly the best cooked out of everything, and the taste was just ok. Finally, the cod, again, slightly undercooked, still gray in color, not flaky, and the batter completely peeled off as soon as I touched it. The fries were, once again, under cooked and soggy. The hush puppies were tasty, but tiny. Worst part about the whole thing is that after an hour of consuming this meal I started getting cold sweats, stomach aches, and a headache. I hadn't had anything else before or after the lunch, so there's no doubt in my mind that the fish (or the poor preparation of it) from this place caused it. I will not be returning to this "restaurant", and will encourage all my friends, co-workers, and fellow yelpers to do the same.
4	Stopped in here for dinner yesterday because I was in the mood for fish & chips but didn't feel like driving all the way to Crown & Anchor. Now, Joe's fish & chips cannot compare to the crisp, delicious, and authentic fish & chips served at C&A, but they're not bad!The batter is gluten free - so that's cool if you have special dietary needs. My gf and I shared the 3 piece cod fish & chips platter. The fries are absolutely delicious. Get the "special seasoning" on the fries instead of just salt. It's a mixture of sea salt and paprika and a bunch of other stuff. I really really enjoyed the fries. The fish was cooked perfectly, but the batter didn't really do it for me. There wasn't much flavor and I didn't get that crunchy fluffy bliss I was expecting. However, it was fresh and my gf really enjoyed hers.  I am kind of picky. The platter also came with hushpuppies, which were really good. The service is great. Joe, the owner, was actually the one who took our order and came to our table a few times to make sure we were enjoying everything. Very nice guy and cute little place! Next time, I think I'll be trying their fried onion because the table next to us had one and my mouth was watering over it. ;)
5	Gluten Free Fish & Chips was enough to entice me to try this place. Then the owner, Joe, explained how all the food is hand breaded and cooked to order. The fish is excellent quality stuff from the East Coast. We had an appetizer platter that had Mozzarella Sticks, Onion Rings, Zucchini Fries, and Boneless Buffalo Wings! OMG I haven't had those in years since going gluten free. You would never know these items were Gluten-Free. Almost everything on the menu is gluten free except the hush puppies, some soups, and bread for sandwiches. Put this place on your to do list
3	I really really wanted to love Lazy Joe's. We've been wanting to try it forever. I'm gluten sensitive and I was craving some yummy fried treats, but these fried goodies were just so-so. The fish was undoubtedly fresh, but the breading was soggy and kind of unappetizing. If I want to eat some calories, I want to make sure it's worth it. They also seemed to be out of the things we wanted to order...onion flower, smoothies...maybe we caught them on a bad day :(
2	Such a disappointment :(I was really looking forward to eating here after finding it on Yelp!  My son & I came here today for lunch after his doctor's appointment.  I skipped breakfast because I was expecting to have a big lunch.  I ordered their lobster roll which came with fries & coleslaw, a small corn chowder, and chicken strips for my son.  Fries were soggy, not a single one was crispy; lobster would have been good if they didn't smother it in so much mayo, and the parsley that they sprinkled on top made my stomach turn; clam chowder was nothing special- tasted like it came out of a can.  On a positive note, my son enjoyed the chicken strips but didn't touch his fries, and that's a big shock since fries are his favorite food.  It's been almost two hours since we consumed the food, and sadly both my son & I are beginning to feel nauseas & queasy.  Would not be recommending this place nor would we be returning. :(
1	.
5	This is a great local business.  Mr. Joe is from the East Coast so that makes him pretty awesome in my book.  When we first arrived, he sat us down, and explained everything to us.  Specials, prices, onion rings made on premise, fries are cut on premise, mozzarella sticks are home made, NE clam chowder wasn't ready yet b/c we were alittle too early, where the fish comes from {Maryland/Gulf of Mexico/Boston}, what he makes, how he does it, how the process works, how long he's been there {almost 5 years}, how old he is {I'm not telling}, his past business {a deli in Cali}. Super friendly guy and not in a creepy way, very very nice homey place.All you can eat fried cod and shrimp w/ coleslaw, fries, hush puppies {$12.99} add a drink w/ tax just shy of $17.00 and you will be STUFFED to the gills.He also knows the calories of his items!!!! 75 calories per piece of fish, 120 calories for 4 shrimp, etc!  And he fries in Soy oil to make it as healthy as possible.  We all had a lovely time and sitting down and talking to a fellow Easterner is always a pleasure.Only thing I can say it was tad warm in the restaurant, so my only suggestion is to turn the A/C down about 5 degrees. Lastly, if you a pressed for time, go to their website order, and he'll have it on the table ready for you when you get there :). Not that it takes long but that's the kind of service Joe has at his place. And he plays CNN on his TV during lunch hour.
5	Locally owned and operated - and damn good. Fish was great. Good slaw, great fries. Next time I'm going to try the clams. And onion rings.
1	The only thing was good about this place was the (mature) cashier very nice. The fried soft shell crab and the combo shrimp and catfish  with fries was nasty.I know you're saying how can fried food be nasty??? I wish i could tell you,but it was.
3	I wanted to like this place more, since the staff are super nice and it's a quaint little spot that felt like locals support on a regular basis.  However, the fish and chips I had wasn't that impressive.  I got the cod but it wasn't as flaky and crisp as I would have liked, and the fries were also soggy.  Maybe it was an off night?  I'd like to check them out again next time I'm in that 'hood!
4	Four things you're guaranteed at Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips: A sincere welcome, a smile, a gracious farewell, and some darn good fish.I love me some Lazy Joe's! Anytime I'm running errands in the Southwest I try to put Lazy Joe's on my food-radar. First off, there IS a Lazy Joe. But he's the least lazy Lazy person I know. He not only takes orders and does some of the cooking, he's floating around from table to table talking to his patrons, and not just talking at them at a shallow level... he genuinely wants to know about them, what their background is, what they do... he's looking for a way to connect with them, and often times he finds it, winding into stories of yesterday and how he came up in the business. He's very interesting and treats every customer like a member of his extended family.The food is a pescaphile's dream! (If you don't know what "pescaphile" means, you may not be one.) The menu includes clams, scallops (delish!) and many non-fish items such as burgers and chicken, which contrary to what Jessica Simpson believes, is not "of the sea" and in no way references tuna. However, if you go to Lazy Joe's Fish and Chips and do not get fish, please check in to your nearest insane asylum, cuz you're a bit off and need professional help.The past few times I've went, I've been lucky enough to land on their all-you-can-eat fish fry special, which they run Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. The starting round starts with 2 pieces of either cod, haddock, or catfish, six shrimp, and fries. By the time you hit the bottom of your basket, you'll be filled with a sensation of mourning, like, "This delicious fish... these tasty shrimp... they're all gone! NOOOOOOOO! What have I done to deserve this pain and misery?" But fear not! Just let Joe and his staff know, and within minutes, the glory of fried fish is back, and this cycle continues until you profusely sweat fish batter.Exaggeration? Not by much... it's that good.It's a tiny bit on the pricey side, but then again, you're getting fish in the desert, so it comes with the territory. I wish they would expand closer to me, but for now, anytime I find myself on the southwest side of the 215, I look for excuses to be near Lazy Joe's.Stop in and give it a try. Joe will be glad you did. Legitimately glad.
5	For gluten-free eaters, this place is awesome! It's a bit on the expensive side, but then I wanted to try everything while I had the chance. The location is pretty far from me, so I made the most of it.The staff was super friendly and the cod was great!! Next time I'll try the chicken, because I miss chicken tenders quite a bit. The mozzarella sticks were a bit salty, but I was still really thankful to have that fried, breaded crunch I missed so much. Obviously, it's different from the batters I used to eat, but it's pretty good.Thanks for having a great gluten-free place!
4	Love the fried Catfish...like the fried Haddock...Chicken Tenders are 3 stars at best. Onion rings were not good.This isn't a fancy place, but neither is fried fish or fried anything.  Owner operated and definitely worth a visit if you want great fried fish in Las Vegas.
5	YUM! We were on a trip to the strip as tourists, and had heard about this restaurant. My girlfriend and i are both gluten free, due to intolerance. Fried food? A rarity. We ordered the fish and onion rings, and some shrimp. OMG. It was so amazing. The batter is smooth and crispy, not greasy at all, and has a nice, crunchy finish. No, it's not like beer batter -- it's not supposed to be. It's a wonderful treat. The staff is super friendly and the owner told us the story of his family recipe. Very cool experience. We even reordered another batch, it was that good. :) We walked it off on the way to the bus stop! Note: It's not on the strip -- it takes a couple of buses to get there. But it's worth it.
4	Gluten free fried food at long last!I order from here on a weekly basis.  It's true that the fries tend to be a bit soft, but I also know it's harder to make gluten free work just right.The hush puppies are DELICIOUS!  And the fried shrimp and cod are yummers.
5	This place was AWESOME! What a big surprise. I love fish and chips and it is hard to beat my favorite place back home in Long Beach.  But this place is definitely a good place to go for fish and chips. Don't let the front facade detour you, walk thru that door and order away. It is so worth it. BUT the best part of the place is JOE. Love it when owners talk to their patrons and connect with them. Loved the conversation Joe. I will be back. And I will send folks to your place.
4	Pleasantly surprised!Lazy Joe's has been on my radar for awhile.  Most are excited about the gluten free goodness; I happen to like gluten so I was skeptical.  Lazy Joe proved me wrong.The flowering onion (like a bloomin' onion) was delicious!  As Joe pointed out, it isn't greasy at all.  It is light, crispy and fantastic.  The fish and chips were great too.  You get to choose from cod, haddock, or catfish.  The cod is where it's at!  It was moist, flaky, perfectly cooked with a slight sweetness the haddock doesn't offer.  Even the hush puppies were good, and I'n not usually a believer.  The service was impeccable.  Ultra friendly from the second we walked in the door.  The place is quaint and cute.  Can't wait to return - might save up my appetite for an all you can eat meal!
2	My family of four went there for dinner the other night.  The employees seemed nice and service was good.  The food?  The food was nothing special, it is bland because they want you to customize it to your taste buds.  What ever.  For what I paid the food should of been better.  Plus why does a family pack of 10 Fish Fillets cost 49.99 with fries, coleslaw and hush puppies, when you cant get 3x 3 fish and chip plates with a 1 fish and chip plate for cheaper than if you buy the family pack?  If I buy the family pack (in other words in bulk) it should be cheaper.  All in all for the price I paid for food it just wasn't that spectacular.  Gluten free shouldn't mean they can gouge you.  I will stick with the non gluten free fish and chips at the Village Inn.
4	I'm an East Coaster and let me tell you to find good, cheap seafood in Vegas is almost impossible. This hits the nail right on the head. They even have Haddock (a light, flaky, almost buttery fish) this a rarity in Vegas, it's usually subbed out with Cod. This is still a great fish but being from the North Eastern part of the country - there is something nostalgic about Haddock. If you have never tried it, you should. I make special requests as to how I grew up eating my fried Haddock (back home we call it a "fish fry", my New England friends call it a "Haddock roll") It's a piece of fried Haddock on a hot dog bun, my sauce of choice is tartar.  I've also tried the blooming onion, these aren't my favorite they tend to get soggy in the middle. The clam roll is cooked perfectly, crunchy batter, clams are still supple in the middle, personally I like a little more salt in my batter but it's good none the less.
4	Very friendly staff. Back East feel. The steamers were fresh & hot. Fish taste is excellent! Can't beat it! Definately coming back.
5	Gluten free fried goodness! This is what I think every time I eat here. They have gluten free fried fish & chips and also onion rings. Their prices are super reasonable too! Located on rainbow & 215 area it's a great location. Also the employees are super nice. I suggest everyone to try this hidden gem!
5	Cancel your trip back to New England, all the great clams you need are right here in Vegas. Joe and his staff are most wonderful as well. Just like home...
4	Had breakfast across the parking lot at New Day Cafe and asked about Lazy Joes. They said its good give it a try. So my wife and I tried it that evening and was pleasantly surprised with the menu. Ended up talking with the owner (Joe) and cook and he told us what makes them differ from other restaurants. Very nice owner and staff and made us feel very welcome. Food was excellent and will be a returning customer!
2	this is really close to my house and decided to try it on a friday night after work. the restaurant is known for its gluten free batter which is perfect for people with gluten allergies or trying to avoid gluten. on the negative side though the fish dont taste as good with the gluten free batter. they have no crispy taste when you bite into them and is completely flavorless. i tried all three types of fish they had. the cod was my favorite that is your normal fish you usually get when your order fish and chips. the haddock was a meatier type of fish but the texture was too dry for me. the swordfish was a softer kind of fish but it crumbles when you bite into them cause of how soft it is. i also tried the shrimp which was ok...like i said the gluten free batter just doesnt taste as good. even though the all you can eat is only $14 i dont think i would go back, it just wasnt satisfying.
4	How an East Coast -er likes his Fish and Chips is a very personal thing.  I think we're all looking for what we grew up eating, and that is what brought me to Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips last night.  I did not find my childhood memory but,  I believe the experience myself and friends had at Lazy Joe's is just the beginning of a lot of new memories.  The fish was delicious, lightly breaded and NOT greasy at all!  Too many fish and chip spots in this town serve deep fried fish dripping in grease!  The fish choices on the menu are wonderful, haddock, cod, catfish!  The shrimp was delicious and fresh and the full bellied ipswitch clams were incredible!!!! And, if the fact that the food was so good isn't enough, I have to say the hospitality was over the top!  Not the waiter, because there is none.  You order food at the cash register and it is delivered to your table.  It's the friendliness of the owner Joe, and his staff.  I don't think I have felt more welcome in any recent visit to any restaurant in quite a while.   It is a small storefront restaurant with only a few tables.  The only downside to this restaurant is it's lack of liquid refreshment variety.  They offer sweet, yucky, soft-drinks, and not much more to a menu that deserves a beer or a nice dry Chardonnay!
3	Had the Lobsta Roll.  It was tasty, but not too memorable.  It was very pricey and I would not drive across town to try it again.
1	Ok this is not going to be good. I had a craving for fish & chips and this place is close to me so I decided to try it. There was another customer in there waiting on her order and I was at the register viewing the menu to see what to try when out of the corner of my eye I see a bug crawling up the wall. The other customer also saw it and brought it to the lady behind the counter's attention but she was acting dumb till I said out loud "Its right here" pointing at it. Not even an I'm sorry or nothing. I left disgusted!
5	Hands down my favorite place for fish and chips. Everything tastes fresh and not oily. My favorite dish is the Lazy Joe Lobster Roll. It's so good with fries. I come here at least 2 a month. Days when I don't order the Lobster Roll I order the Appertizer Sampler Platter. SO GOOD!!!
5	Its hard to find good fish in vegas and this place is really good. Like the fish better then crown and anchor. Oysters were amazing! Definitely coming back to try the soft shell crab!! My husband loved the fish and said the shrimp was yummy as well. The staff is also very friendly and the place is clean. Kudos guys!
5	You guys. This place is exciting.I've been to vegas a gazillion time since being diagnosed with celiac and going gluten free; I'm not sure how this wasn't on my radar until now! (Thanks find me gluten free app!) I was perfectly fine with trying to find prime rib downtown, and my boyfriend suggested looking - so so happy he did. It's definitely not the easiest to get to for people staying on the strip or downtown, but if you have access to a car or are willing to pony up 30 bucks or so for a cab ride over - you.must.go.I had the sampler platter, which means - and I'm serious - gluten free fried everything!!! I chose mushrooms, zucchini, chicken, and mozzarella sticks. The mozzarella sticks and chicken were absolutely amazing. My boyfriend had fish and chips, which were also good. And the staff and owner were so friendly!! Hooray lazy joe's!
5	Awesome staff and great firstChips and fish experience!! :)
4	Food was delicious. Service left a little to be desired. When we walked in we were the only one in there. The man behind the counter seemed a little more interested in the soap opera on TV than explaining the menu. It was our first time there so we were still figuring it all out. Other than the service the food was AWESOME. I will definitely go back! I can't wait to try the clam chowder!
1	After my visit to Lazy Joe's Fish & Chips tonight, I won't be returning.I ordered a 2 item combo plate, which came with 5 shrimp, 5 whole belly clams, 2 hush puppies, fries, and cole slaw.  I also tried the lobster roll.This place must live on the novelty of being "gluten free", because that's the only reason I can see to eat there.  For those of us who can eat gluten, the batter is anything but flavourful.  I'd describe it as bland, with a "mealy" texture; and certainly not the nice crispy texture you'd want if you're craving fried seafood.  I understand that those with gluten allergies will love this place on principle, but this is definitely a case where everyone else suffers.  They DO have whole belly clams, so that is a plus.  However, you have to tolerate the gross batter in which they're fried.  Talk about taking a good thing and ruining it completely!!On the flip side, the lobster roll had way too much seasoning, especially the SALT!!  It was literally like eating a salt lick on a dried out, toasted, New England style hot dog bun.  It had lots of fillers, too.  It was stuffed with lettuce and celery; not something anyone in New England would tolerate in a lobster roll.  Of course, that didn't matter, since you couldn't even remotely taste the lobster with the entire mixture tasting like it had been prepared on a big block of salt.When the gentleman behind the counter asked how everything tasted, I did bring the saltiness of the lobster salad to his attention.  I asked him if he made his lobster salad for the rolls in big batches, and he said yes.  I advised that he ought to taste it, as the salt levels were extremely unbearable.  He then proceeded to tell me that another customer had commented on the salt level, and that this particular batch they "got in" seemed "saltier than usual."  Thus, it seems that they actually don't "make" their lobster salad in big batches, but rather "get it in" in big batches.However, the biggest faux pas wasn't the extreme saltiness of the mixture, but rather the complete lack of any effort to "make it right" with me, the customer.  All I got was a gruff, "sorry," and that was that.I used to live in Boston.  I know what good "East Coast" seafood is supposed to be like.  This is NOT it!!P.S. I saw three high chairs in the restaurant.  ALL THREE OF THEM HAD BROKEN STRAPS.  If you have a little one who fidgets a lot, then note that you won't be able to properly strap them in at the table.
2	I was disappointed with the bland taste of the fish and shrimp. The breading had no flavor at all. The fish and shrimp portions were small. When I asked for lemon, the lemons were sliced tiny as well. The service was good and the place was clean.
5	There is really nothing better that Lazy Joe's! The food is so great and the majority of the staff have been around since it opened and that to me is impressive. The owner and his family treat their customers like family. I can safely eat gluten free here. the fries are fresh cut, the batter is a corn based batter and although they don't season it my non gluten free husband still likes it (although he adds the non gluten free malt vinegar to his). It's so great to be able to have onion rings, fried mushrooms, AMAZING chicken strips, breaded fish and so much more. My parents who aren't gluten free also prefer Lazy Joe's to other fish and chip restaurants in the valley so I know it's not just the gluten free thing that keeps me coming back. The food is just really great and fresh! Their tartar sauce, marinara sauce and ranch are also really flavorful and they have the best coleslaw. I only wish they had gluten free hush puppies and were open on Sunday's. For me it's about a 25 minute drive to reach them but it's absolutely worth it! : )
3	The oysters were the best, the regular cut fries tasted excellent, but received bits and cuts. The steamers were an excellent value. Staff was very nice, but overpriced for bits and pieces of cod fish & fries. More surprisingly, we waited forever like 45 minutes for our order at 8 pm when it wasn't busy. Will not go back.
5	I went here with my parents and daughter.  We decided to try this place out because I saw an article in Desert magazine.  I love belly clams.  I only had them on the east coast.  It was so delicious!  I also had the haddock.  The parents also had the haddock and clams.  My daughter had the chicken fingers.  Joe was there the night we went.  He took our order and served us.  He is a nice gentleman.  He stopped to talk to us when he found out my mom is from the New England area.  We will be back!
5	Food gets  a 5 star hands down.  I'm a little surprised from the things people are writing, but then again, this is yelp, I shouldn't be surprised at this point.The fish is fried, but it's not a heavy batter, it's light and everyone liked it a lot.  The timing is obviously right when they fry it because the fish was perfectly flaky, not a second over cooked.  I also got the lobster roll.  It seemed small at first, but it's because the roll it's on is small. There is plenty of lobster salad on it.  I liked it this way, more meat than bun.  This was actually my favorite, they have a unique take on it.My one advice to the restaurant, the place can be a little cleaner.  The tables and chairs are sticky, and the sauces are sticky as well.  The food is amazing though, I will give them that.I will be coming back, I love mom and pops like this.  I wish I could have tried their clam chowder!  I bet it would be good, but there was no soup when I went.I still like you Joe, even though you're lazy (haha).
3	Fast and friendly. Hush puppies were delicious! Fish was so so not a lot of flavor but much better with vinegar drenched on top. Fries need a redo, I did not care for them at all.
5	this place is awesome lobster roll is great just wish itwas bigger the shrimp n chips amazzzzing
3	The fish is awesome...the shrimp is ok...the lobster roll is not good!!!  It is the smallest thing ever with very little lobster in it and very little flavor!  The place is also very pricey and the prices are more than what they have listed on their site.  The clam chowder tastes very bland and floury as well.  Go for the all you can eat fish...but stick with that!
5	The best fish and chips I've had in Las Vegas.  Sadly it's 20 miles from my home but that doesn't keep me from coming back whenever I can.   I've been here many times and always leave satisfied.The place is clean and the staff is friendly.  Joe always makes sure you are taken care of and have whatever you need.   Everything is cooked to order, but worth the wait.  The majority of the items on the menu are gluten free if that matters to you.   I mean it's still deep fried.  The fries are particularly tasty.  Cut and cooked just right and make sure you get them seasoned.   These might be some of the best deep fried potatoes in the area.Joe offers 3 different kinds of fish - cod, haddock, and catfish.   I've had them all and they are all terrific.   Haddock is probably my favorite but I usually mix it up.  It's a personal preference and you really can't go wrong here. On Weekends they offer an all you can eat special of fish and shrimp.   I think for most people the first serving - 2 pieces of fish, several shrimp, fries, slaw, and hushpuppies will be more than enough.   I usually don't need seconds on the AYCE and I bring my appetite.  You might save a few bucks just getting the fish and shrimp combo.   I just wish it was closer to my house.   Seriously if you are in the area, check this place out.
4	Where have i been? Apparently not on that side of town. My friend and i have been looking for a place that had fried fish here and finally have found it. And its not too far from my home thats even better. NOW what caught my eye was the all you can eat fish and shrimp, which is only on friday and saturday. Come hungry, you wont leave disappointed. The variety of fish is also appealing, catfish, haddock, cod wow and the owner gave us samples of the  onion rings!! Everything hand dipped and fried to order, those onion rings were the most perfect golden delicious ones i have had.Gluten free sweet,  the aroma itself had me sold but the food backed it up and i can say Lazy Joes have a fan in me and he will see me again and again. Seeing the menu and the weekly specials that they have all very affordable..OH and the hush puppies, shut up are the bomb.I'll be back fo sure.
3	Food was average, the cod was pretty juicy but THE SHRIMP was "sorry"! And they dont have halibut.. .bummer! And  their workers were ok except this one old lady, shes got this "if u dont know what you want then go home" attitude...she must woke up from the wrong side of her bed lol, or maybe shes just too old to work in a resturant...i think shes needs to stay home before anything bad happens to her... lmfao!!! Over all clean and simple layout, open style kitchen was great, probably the only fish n chips joint within 5miles radius from the houses we recently bought. If u live there i guess itll get the job done if ur craving for fish n chips. But watch out for that grumpy ass old lady lol.
4	A nice little local place, everyone was super friendly.  Love that their batter is gluten free.  I had the haddock, it was just a hair overcooked, but not so much that I didn't like it.  My husband had the cod and shrimp and liked them very much.  The coleslaw was a little bland, but my personal preference is a zippier coleslaw.  The seasoned fries were great.  This is a nice place run by nice people, I'll definately be back.
5	You guys, I cannot begin to express the joy I experienced upon finding this place!!! I have not had fried ANYTHING upon receiving my celiac diagnosis (brutal I know) and am on vacay here in Vegas when I found this little gem, the fish was PERFECT, crispy batter,tender flaky fish, crazy good! And to not get sick!?!? PRICELESS!!! You're missing out if you don't check this place out!!!
5	Dear Lazy Joe and family and friends and employees of Lazy Joe's Fish and Chips and all reading this review, I am glad Lazy Joe's Fish and Chips is open 6 days a week (everyday except Sunday). I have tasted the cod, the haddock, and the catfish which I liked very much for its simplicity and texture and I like the counter-order, neighborhood come-as-you-are atmosphere. I really liked the seasoned fries, Cole Slaw and tartar sauce. I especially like the price (all you can eat on Friday and Saturday all day). I really, really like that your staff seems to be treated like family, and your customers are too.To those people who don't like your batter, who don't like that you are closed on Sunday, who have no appreciation for the hard work you and your staff put into every meal... To those people, Lazy Joe, I say "forget about it" and I say you should "forget about them"!Lazy Joe, your restaurant is an anchor of the neighborhood. Your staff deserve respect. Your food is legit. And that's why this review is 5-stars. Because, Lazy Joe, you deserve 5-star reviews for the hard work and decency you and your staff put into each and every single meal.And the rest of 'em can K1CK R0CKS!
2	Hush puppies are delicious. Food is cooked to order. However, the rest of my meal wasn't very good. I ordered the cod and chips. The cod tasted like it was a frozen fillet that they had thawed then battered. The fish was a little bit rubbery. Fries were a little dark and over seasoned. Tatar sauce was bland too. They had one guy running taking the orders and cooking so perhaps that was the reason why my experience was sub par. Dissapointment.
2	It's unfortunate that a cash register runs a buisness rather than an employee running the register. They take your money first then forget about your order as they figure out a $1:12 discount  for the next guest then they over cook my 20 dollar clams then when serving them ask me if they are too over cooked. Of course they were. I had to leave and could not wait for them to cook another order. I certainly didn't have time to wait for the whole staff to figure out how to give me my money back. To say the least they should take your order cook your food then collect money. That will give them more time to figure out the register after we leave. They drove away a semi regular and word of mouth just took a turn for the worse.
1	Worst fish and chips you will ever eat. No taste at all. I Google them on my cell phone just because my daughter wanted to eat fish and chips before we head to Los Angeles. 3 pieces of fish and little chips cost us $14.92 not worth the drive and taste.Fish don't have any flavor on it just little baked flour with no taste.. I drove 16 miles off my way to go there. Not worth it. Very expensive and not worth the taste. Plus point: Customer service was goodDont go to this place until or unless you don't care about the taste.
1	I don't get it. ITs AWFUL!!  Tried two times with my husband and on our second visit, we actually left most of the food, it was that bad. I had the shrimp basket special and got tiny pieces of shrimp covered in awful batter.  Fried shrimp is big, juicy shrimp; not weird cut up pieces. AWFUL! And...  It's NOT cheap for what you get. The place is a dump. It's not even cool kitsch: it's thrown together island motif gone very bad. Tables are sticky and unclean. The oil they are frying in tastes old. And the fish IS NOT fresh. You can just tell. I really really wanted to like it. But it's realllllllly bad. I just don't get some of these glowing reviews.
5	Growing up commercial fishing in New England this place provides an authentic taste of home. Before coming I had a little concern but one taste and I was at home and will be back. Keep it up guys, you rock!
4	Lazy Joe had a very mom and pops feel to it. This location was started by a man "who wanted great fish and just couldn't find it!" He created Lazy Joes. I know this because he came over to the table and told us.We got the fresh fish mix. The fish was very fresh! Cat fish and cod were my favorites. We had a side of delicious coleslaw and fries.Salt and vinegar on the fries is a must! I recommend stopping by and getting some fresh fish and chips at Lazy Joes!
5	The food was delicious. The service was great. I really enjoyed it.  Best hush puppies I've ever had.  The seasoned French fries were awesome.  This is the first time I've had good fish like that, in Las Vegas.
5	Lazy's Joe's was absolutely fantastic!Before visiting Vegas I researched what restaurants were gluten free and Celiac safe, so we tried this place.  They're educated and genuinely concerned about gf food and safety against cross contamination.  It was so amazing to delicious and safe food!  So much love for you guys :)
4	I love their food, just wish they would drain/sop the oil off the fries prior to serving them.
3	I was reading the menu outside Lazy Joe's when a couple came out and told me to just go in because everything was good. That was enough to convince me. The place is tiny with kitschy, somewhat poorly-decorated island decor but it has a homey feel and the people that worked there seemed friendly enough and proud of their food. I ordered the catfish and chips combo. My first thought was, "This is edible but hands down the worst fish and chips I've ever tried."  The fries were tired looking and when I took a bite of the fish, the fish completely separated from the batter like all the filling falling out of a hot pocket. A really thin hot pocket. Was definitely not a fan of the bland batter and the fish. I didn't realize until I got home and read more reviews (I couldn't imagine Yelp steering me so wrong) that the restaurant is supposedly gluten-free. Thinking back, those hush puppies weren't bad for gluten-free. Well, OK. If I had a severe wheat allergy or celiac disease, I would rate this place 3 stars because kudos to them for serving gluten-free. But as an ordinary wheat-laden batter-loving individual, it would unfortunately score lower.
4	OK so  I just have to set something straight: The people who are giving this place bad reviews are complaining because they don't know this is all gluten free, except for a few items.  Of course Gluten-Free food will definitely be different than gluten filled food, i.e. the breading on the fish and chips will not be as crispy or thick as at other places.  That being said to the Gluten-Free eater this place is awesome.  It has great customer service, both mom and pop here were very kind, and the Fish and Chips was awesome even to non-Gluten-Free standards.  My wife had the lobster roll and I had a taste of it and it was great.  Now the fries were a little greasy but its a little restaurant not a huge fast food chain, so this was ok too.  I would definitely come back here and look forward to trying out all the other Gluten-Free items like the Fried Calamari.  To make clear, even to non Gluten-Free standards this place still rocks!
5	Last month while visiting las vegas I got this craving for some deep fried food, and not the chain restaurant type. I wanted the kind you find in a ma and pop order at the counter restaurant. So I yelped fish and chips las vegas and this place popped up. After reading the mixed reviews we decided to give it a shot. We hit a winner. The cod I ordered was fried to a golden brown, moist and flaky. Shrimp was also very tasty. The French fries are fresh cut and very good. In addition to the usual dipping sauce they have a house sauce, this dipping sauce is really good. Ask for it. Joe the owner and Frank who cooked our meal to perfection are very friendly and provide great service. We will return.
4	My friend was crashing and needed a bite to eat before getting a massage down the mall so we ventured into this place. The calamari was decent, the fried tasty and the hush puppies were EXCELLENT. The people working there were pleasant. I don't live around here, so I won't be back anytime soon, however, the next time I am in Vegas and  getting a massage at Far East, I will come into Lazy Joe's and order three orders of hush puppies!
3	It's just okay,  alittle greasy and the fish isn't very high in quality,  reminds me of frozen fish sticks.
4	Just an update for dairy-free folks. There was a miscommunication. When I asked if it was diary free, they said yes... referring to the batter. Unfortunately, they still dip everything in milk to make the batter stick. I don't know why they didn't think to mention this. Still great people, but you would think after countless times of me saying "I'm dairy free, so no coleslaw" that they would think to mention that everything is dipped in milk! Still really nice people, though.
2	First impression was...cool a Mom & Pops kind of place. I'm from New England and thought yum, fried clams, fish & chips. Fries were not so good, overcooked! Had two pieces of fish. One was overcooked and the other was fine. Everything tasted like old grease to me. My husband liked the fried clams and cole slaw and hush puppies. He thought it was kind of old grease too.Didn't like the idea of the cooks bare hands handling my fish when it was dropped into the deep fat fryer especially since he had just taken money from a customer at the register for an order. YUCK, wished I hadn't have seen that. Please wear gloves!!!!! All Cooked orders were handled with tongs...that's good.Won't be going back but glad we tried it.
5	I really enjoy this place for a few reasons: 1.  I am originally from Rhode Island and the sea food on the west coast tastes bland.  So, apart from everything else, the quality of food that they make their dishes with is enough for me to give five stars.2.  My daughter has celiacs disease.  It is near impossible to find a place that will make a four year olds favorite food without worrying if they understand what gluten-free really means.  3.  The prices are affordable.  Sure, from the outside this looks like another strip mall greasy spoon but the food is so good and the owners are really invested in making your experience great.  It reminds me of home and I will definitely be coming back and recommending this place.One small issue (it's just a personal taste one), the lobster rolls are made with onions and celery.  I WISH it was just mayonnaise but unfortunately most people love a little crunch in their lobster roll. Thanks again Joe's!!
5	lazy Joes is an awesome place with green options for fried food! It is so delicious!!!!!!
1	update since our last visit: too expensive and not worth the value or visit for bland steamers, oysters, and bits of fries.
4	Went for the fried Ipswich clams and they were very, very good, thus the four stars.  Hush puppy's were also very good.  Cole slaw was O.K. and the fries were not good.  Thinking the oil wasn't hot enough, greasy and limp.  Staff was very friendly and the place was very clean and comfortable.
1	I decided to try the resturant after passing by it a couple of time. The food was Long John Silver quality of food so it would have derserved 3 stars. The only issue is i have been sick for the last two days after the fried fish and oysters.
3	It's family style... As soon as we walked in, it smelled really good. From looking at the menu, the price is a bit high. I ordered the Tuesday Special and it was Yummy... I will definitely come back.
1	Very disappointed, the chips were just awful, very greasy and floppy, they. Just looked and tasted bad. The fish was nice, but so small, the size and shape of a hot dog, put that with the 2 hush puppies and it just looked rude. The staff were just not interested in serving, and it all just appeared that he didn't want to serve the 2 customers that he had, over all very expensive, With poor service. The name says it all!
5	I Absolutely loved every bite of my Fish (cod) and Chips,  it was amazing GOOD!   Everything is Fresh.   They cut up the potatoes for the chips daily and make the cole slaw daily   I was impressed and can't wait to go back !  I give it 100 stars
2	Was super excited to try this place and I was very disappointed. It smelled really great walking in and the menu looked great and so did the food. We ordered appetizers which had calamari, onion rings, cheese stick, and buffalo style wings. Hen we had fish plates all around that came with catfish, codfish, fries, hush puppies, and shrimp. The shrimp were super small which they were way bigger on the menu. Looks were deceiving from menu to actual plate. There was absolutely no flavor in any of the batters. Was very expensive in my opinion for what I got. Service was great and so is selection but the food just did not impress at all.
5	Gluten free fish and chips? Wow! So exciting!  Customers for two years and never disappointed. The little ones have the kid fish plates and shrimp, the adults love the haddock. Great sauces and cole slaw too! The owners are great and always so welcoming.
5	Hands down the best fish and chips in Las Vegas.....the lobster roll and steamed clams are also spectacular. Make sure you go during their All You Can Eat Special on Friday and Saturday!Also take a minute to visit with the shops namesake, Joe....very very nice man.
3	I think this mom and pop restaurant is awesome! The food is great, I had the lobster roll with the clam streamers. Granted not huge compared to something you get at the coast, but living in las Vegas. It'll help cure the ache until you can hit the coast.
1	I am not reviewing on the food,  just the service because we never actually got there to eat,  we were headed there,  my son and I were craving fish n chips last night so yelped of course and this place came up,  read a few reviews and after reading a few mixed opinions we were open to try going it to firm our own opinions....  They said Friday and Saturday is seafood all you can eat special and after seeing so many things on the menu I called the store just so I could get clarification on what was included in that special.. The man who answered the phone was short,  condescending and just flat out Rude.  He said it's all you can eat fish so that's what you get... FISH!!!  In the most annoyed voice. I said thank you for the clarification and hung up and told my son well we will never be going there!!!!  I refuse to patronize any place that treats people rude and unfriendly,  we ended up going to village pub and had the best fish n chips ever!!!! #lostacustomerbeforeiwalkedin
5	I went Friday night after hearing a rumor there was a place in Vegas with New England fried clams...with bellies!!!... I did a google search and sure enough I found it and headed there immediately...Being from Rhode Island, I was super excited to find this place. Even though clam rolls were not on the menu, they had no problem making one for me.  I loved it..... I plan on eating there twice a month at least!!!!
5	We are in Las Vegas on a family vacation. Having two children with celiac disease,most of our vacations are in a hotel or condo with a kitchen so I can cook for the boys. Before we arrived I did some research and found lazy joes. I knew we would be safe since there is no gluten in the friers. Home run!!!! Amazing! The kids haven't had onion rings or mozzarella sticks in 6 years. The fry was light and not greasy. The owner and the staff were so knowledgeable and so helpful. We have a new Vegas favorite! And, my husband who can eat gluten loves to indulge in fish and chips. He loved lazy joes fish and chips. It was gluten deprivation, it was plain delicious. Good times.
2	Lazy Joe's is a great place to eat when you are gluten intolerant and are looking to satisfy your fried food craving, however  their prices have risen so high that for a family of four to eat their fish and seafood  special, it costs approximately $90.00 with drink. (It is nearly impossible to get full on anything other than the all you can eat specials).  There comes a point when people price themselves right out of the market  unfortunately, for a family that has to have gluten free food we will not be returning!
5	Fried fish done correct.  Ray, our server/cook was extraordinary.  The Cod was succulent, cooked to perfection on an all you can eat Saturday.  The shrimp included in the all you can eat (ayce) order was tongue tingling good. He removed the tails so I dug in with abandon.  My better half had the Catfish done southern style (cornbread breeding) was righteous (her words).  Ray brought over his own version of onion rings which were especially tasty. Visit this place if you want Fish done right, simple, unadorned and without pomp & circumstance.
5	These guys are awesome.  I ordered food to be delivered yesterday. Its usually a gamble to get fried food delivered because by the time it comes to your house it's usually soggy & horrible. I was hungry for fish & chips so I decided to order. I bought an order of cod fish n chips, a lb of steamed clams, a blooming onion & 2 softshell crabs. The food was awesome!  I could tell that the food was prepared fresh not a frozen product. It didn't have that generic frozen fried taste that you usually get out here. The fish was flakey & I loved the tartar sauce. The softshell crab was good too. Blooming onion also good & a great tangy aeoli(sp?) sauce. I ate the clams, the rest of the onion & the second crab for lunch the next day. Still good. In fact, that night I reordered more food. Im hooked!! Excited that there is a fish n chips place near my apartment!! I can't wait to actually go to the restaurant.  I will yelp about my experience when I go there.
4	This review was mainly for the older lady that went above and beyond to make sure I have all the sauces, napkins, cutlery etc in my table. She was really accommodating me like a guest in her house :)I was craving for Mama's (mother-in-law) Louisiana cooking and decided to come here. What I ordered was the 2 fish combo with the catfish. It was HUGE order. Maybe good enough for 2 people. As for the taste, it's really not that special. A little bland. I'm used to having that Southern Spicy-ness and I didn't find it here. The hush puppies were good but the fish is just really plain for me. Although it's fresh, and freshly-cooked, I can't say anything much about it.I'll probably come back to try other things. :)
2	Well, unfortunately this place used to be rocking good.  They have now changed owners, and have a different seafood distributor as a result.  The quality of the fish, especially, the catfish has gone way downhill.  And now they have a sign advertising Mediterranean food coming soon?  Bizarre combo.  I wouldn't take your money here anymore.  Sadness washes over me in this moment.
1	New owner doesn't take the Yelp check in, so he's invited to kiss my ass.  Put up a sign. That's the ONLY reason we drove 25+ minutes to get here. Sign out front about "added Mediterranean" makes no sense. Prices are outrageously arrogant. $4 for a single piece of fish when regular sized dinners for two comes to $29? NO WONDER THIS PLACE IS EMPTY ON A FRIDAY NIGHT! That's never a good sign. To top it off, the food is greasy and it's all frozen. The cod was a little better than Long John Silver's, everything else was worse. Clams were flavorless and popcorn shrimp was worse. HOW CAN YOU SCREW UP POPCORN SHRIMP? I HATE, I mean, really HATE Long John Silver's, but their food is better and less greasy than everything we ate here (save for the cod, and that was barely better... And that's NOT any sort of compliment) TL;DR  buy frozen seafood from the grocery store and a Fry Daddy and imagine you came here. It will be much better and cheaper.
1	Food was overpriced and arrived cold after over an hour since ordering. Was flavorless and mushy. Didn't even finish it. Will not order again, at least not delivery. Maybe it's better fresh at the restaurant but doubt it... Disappointing.
1	Batter took precedence over everything...customer-service was poor!  On a day my family and I are searching for fish & chips, we find Lazy Joe's on Yelp.  The reviews seemed promising.  So, we drive on over there for dinner...and we're excited because it's a Friday and we saw online that Fridays and Saturdays they're having their All-You-Can-Eat fish or shrimp.  My brother gets the AYCE shrimp, I get the AYCE fish and mother gets a fish & scallop combo meal.  Across the board, all our food items are ruined by their batter.  The batter is not light & crisp...it's so eggy and thick that when it was fried, it became hardened and gummy.  However, what's that saying?...Beggers Can't Be Choosers...and we're going to try to at least eat our fill on the AYCE deal.  My brother goes to order another batch of shrimp and gets jumped on by the younger bald-headed fry-cook/owner/warden guy.  This guy asks for specifics...how much did you order, how much times did he already order...blah blah blah.  To sum it all up, their fries are burnt, their toss salad was mediocre, their hush puppies were actually decent and I could easily make a better tartar sauce at home!  The flowering onion was possibly the best item we ordered...it was light and crisp but very flavorful.  My brother had the clam chowder and he said it was mediocre, as well.To sum it all up, their food was nothing special and that barking, snappish fry-cook guy ruined our dinner.  The owner (JOE) was upset at his crew because he, too, was snapping at them for something in front of all the customers.  It was just pathetic all the way around.Must I say more?  The search for good fish & chips must go on.....
5	This place is awesome! Gluten free breading  whole belly fried clams... Lobster rolls (with the split top bun) and New England style seafood (only place with all you can eat fried haddock in LV) The new owner is keeping all of the original menu and adding awesome homemade Mediterranean food. Gyros! Greek salads and hummus! I'm not talking pizza shop gyros... These are family recipes. It's like they put everything I love the most in one spot. This place is a weekly habit.
5	Lazy Joe's is a great place to visit, we have been here multiple times before the new ownership and it was great and now its even better with the addition of the Mediterranean cuisine. Also Danny the owner is an awesome guy who cares about his food and service, will be dining there again soon. A highly recommendable spot for great Mediterranean food.
4	Lots of good fish!!!  2 Piece with fries is big enough.
4	you guys have to give this place a shot!! its under new management and they now offer Mediterranean food. Like Gyros and kabobs.. But i personally jsut stuck with the fish and chips and fried clams..the batter they used to fry the food is amazing..not too fatty and oily.. the only downside i will say is the prices are way too expensive...please fix that and ill be back as a regular
