1	The guys at 1day are courteous enough just not very professional at running a business.  They are very disorganized, can't keep appointments they schedule, lose many parts, etc. They do the job but don't take care of the details like leaving over spray everywhere, scratching up the trim and glass, and again...lose more parts.  It will take about 5x longer than they tell you to get it done.Definitely would not recommend One day Paint & Body.
5	Our 1999 Chrysler 300m needed paint BAD!  It only has 55,000 miles and except for a few minor door dings and a nasty case of the clear coat deteriorating on the roof and trunk paint it was certainly not in need of replacing. No way could we replace it with anything even close to comparable without easlily spending 5 figures.  But it did look terrible with big patches of paint missing, making it embarrassing to drive anywhere nice, and the valets were a whole other story.  So I decided to get a few quotes for a new paint job. I first contacted a well known heavily advertised auto repair shop.  They came back with a quote of $4,000! (more if I wanted a color change) I was shocked.  I tried another and they said they could repaint the roof and deck lid and give it a polish job on the rest for $800. That sounded better but I wanted a full paint job. I decided to live with it a bit longer.One day I decided to get a quote from one of the quickie paint shops.  I was very hesitant as I like quality work and I hate to have to complain and be unhappy because someone does a bad job. I went straight to Yelp and read a 5 star review and thought OK lets give it a shot.  I went ahead and drove to the 1 day Paint and Body shop on Spring Mountain, parked in the estimate slots and went inside where I was met by a very affable and charming sales guy.  Ok, here it comes I thought.  We went outside he looked the car over and pointed out some things I might want to repair and then wrote me up and estimate. He said they had a special if I did it that week that would save me $60 or so and handed me the estimate.  I was expecting to get pushed into the top of the line $1200 job that I saw on their wall price list.  Instead it was for $650 total!... include fixing four dour dings and a little body dent.  Wow! I thought! so I quizzed him about the paint quality and he said that was with a 3 year warranty for peeling, blistering, fading and that it was the exact factory color to match my cars original paint and they would need the care for 2-3 days. (that one day is just the name and to do a good job they need 2-3)  I thanked him and went home to discuss it with my wife. (but I knew I was sold)My wife was surprised as well and we decided absolutely! It certainly could not look worse than it did at that time. So I took it in.  The next morning I realized I had left my keys in the car and went down to see if I could get them.  Joe, the same person who had gave me the quote took me right back to my car as he wanted anyhow to point out that a medallion I wanted removed would leave a big hole that would need to be filled.  I told him no leave the medallion in that case.  My keys were right where I left them.  The car was already pretty much prepped and looked to be ready for masking.  Once again I was impressed with the service.3 days later, actually the morning of the fourth day as it was over the 4th of July we were able to pick up the care.  We were amazed at how beautiful it looked! The paint color is a anthracite metallic charcoal - and it never looked more beautiful.  I swear it looked better and more metallic than when it was new.  No drips, run runs, no noticeable orange peel.  The car looks like new!  I'm an old "car guy" and I was surprised that I was so satisfied.Once I got home I did find one spot on a door post where there was a very small masking issue.  I went in a few days later and asked if they could fix it.  I expected to get a bit of "touch-up" paint to fix it myself, however without hesitation Joe gave me an appointment to bring it back in once the paint has cured and they will remask and re-shoot the one door pillar.I cannot emphasize how pleased (and surprised) I am with the price, the result and the service.  I highly recommend them.
1	I stop by with my car to have the estimate on my bumper and at first they said, they just only going to charge $100 to adjust it. Guess what? The next day when I pick it up, it hasnt been done and it looks like it wasnt even touched. They said I need a new bumper a bumper bar and the whole thing will now cost me $1500.While I was waiting for my car, there is another customer who was yelling at them for not keeping their promise. The guy has hitched a bus across town only to find that his car only in primer and not even painted yet. I am not gonna leave my car here. I took it somewhere else and get it done the right way. Think again, about leaving your car here.
2	You get what you pay for. Cheap price, cheap workmanship. Went over there to get my car refinished and it took them about a week to finish it which is fine but when I got my car back bolts were missing from my bumper, missing bolts from my spoilers...and paint job was awful. .you could see over paint everywhere....not a good place people....if you want to repaint your car might as well save up some money and go to a place that would do a better job...like I said you get what you pay for.
