1	Before I start writing my review, I want to state that I did not get my hair done, but I got my nails done here. Last week I took one of my dogs to get groomed and the groomer told me it would be a little longer than the hour and a half it usually is so I was looking for something to do while I waited. This place was right next door and it had been a while since I got my nails done so I went inside. I was greeted quickly and was passed off to one of the women that does the manis/pedis,. Her name was Badoura. I thought her prices were reasonable so I decided to get my fingers and toes done.       The pedicure was nice because for $35 I received a scrub, massage and paint. I paid $5 less because I was a new client. The pedicure felt really nice and I was definitely relaxed until the end. This was just like any other pedicure I had gotten anywhere else. It was the manicure that changed my whole experience.       I sat down and she started working on my nails. Then she pulled out the cuticle stick so she could push the cuticles back. While she was doing this, she decided to go down the sides of my nails instead of just the top where the cuticle is. When she got to my pinkie, I felt a shooting pain and noticed she made it bleed from using the stick. I let her keep going because I figured it was just dry skin that was pulled off. When she was finished with my cuticles, she started the painting. I wanted the gel polish so it would last longer so I had to pay more for that. From where I was sitting, it looked like she was doing a good job. It was after I got home that I noticed that she did a bad job. I was looking at my nails and saw that a couple of nails had bubbles from the top coat and some were messed up from the massage she gave me after the polish was applied. Some of the nails even had too much top coat applied so it was overflowing to my fingers. This wasn't the worst part. Yes... it gets worse.       That night I sat down to watch tv and my fingers started hurting. It was weird because they never felt this way after a manicure before. Upon looking closer, I noticed that several of them were pushed into my skin almost like they were ingrown. I know it takes a few days to become in grown but she did push pretty hard going down the sides of my nails so she must have pushed them down into the skin. I have had ingrown nails before so I knew what I had to do. I think I had 4 or more nails that needed to be fixed. I thought it was going to be an easy fix and they would feel better in the morning. I was wrong... they hurt even more. They were so bad that I thought I would have to go to the doctor because they were infected. My fingers were so bad that I couldn't grip anything without a sharp pain running through my hands. It was really hard to do my everyday routines because I use my hands so much. To make it even worse, I am a musician so playing my instrument wasn't possible. Finally, a week later, I was able to fix them and the horrible experience was over.  I have never had an experience like that before and even though she has "experience," and offered to redo my manicure, I did not want her coming anywhere near my nails again.
1	(This review is for nail services, NOT hair)I hate giving horrible reviews because I don't like to vent I like to provide useful info so that the next person can avoid a problem but I still feel bad because the person or business suffers... However... this review is a MUST because I feel not only ripped off but offended and disturbed.  It's going to be a long review so for those of you that just want a thumbs up or down on this place and more specifically Badoura (my nail technician) RUN... My experience was HORRIFIC!I found a Groupon for a basic mani-pedi with Badoura at Signatures In Hair. I purchased and called her for an appointment for my mom and myself.  We set the appointment for 3:30 and mine at 4:00. I wanted to upgrade the mani to gel so she tells me total for each of us will be $35 including the gel polish and white tips which I though was reasonable.When we get to the salon the place was okay and we weren't greeted but didn't really care either.  It's 3:45 and finally our nail tech Badoura comes out and greets us. She takes my mom to her station and begins to soak her feet. I'm sitting at the front of the salon reading a magazine and another lady shows up asking for Badoura and claims to have an appointment at 3:30 as well. Badoura gets called to the front and tells the lady she is mistaken and that she doesn't have an appointment, after arguing with the lady for some time she realizes that she double booked but tells the lady that my mom and I came at the wrong time and blames the entire thing on us. She tells the lady that "these customers" showed up early and she was sorry. I'm now wondering if I am the crazy one but clearly remember her saying 3:30 and 4:00 so  I tell her I could come back another time but my mom can't.  The lady ended up re-scheduling so once my mom was finished I went to soak my feet.As I'm soaking my feet, my mom is beside me getting her mani and Carol (one of the hair dressers) comes by and starts having a conversation with Badoura about the incident with the booking and how the lady was rude.  I'm trying to relax and read my magazine when I continue hearing the conversation and I could not believe how unprofessional and uncalled for it was.  Carol says to Badoura "you need to stop getting these people in here with these Groupon deals because you work your butt off and only get $10 a piece" she continues for about 5 minutes going on and on about how customers who get these Groupon deals are basically cheap (Carol was present during the entire triple booking argument so she knew my mom and I were part of her Groupon customers)  At this point I am ready to get up and leave but choose not to because I don't want to ruin my mom's relax time.So it's finally my turn and she apologizes for the booking incident which is not what is bugging me but I tell her it's ok and that it happens.  She begins up-selling which is expected and I politely refuse and her attitude changes.  She begins telling me how these Groupon deals are killing her and how little money she gets and asks me if there is any way I can cancel the Groupon and just pay her directly.  I tell her I have already bought it and I don't want to go through the entire refund process.  My pedicure is done in about 15 minutes.  I got no massage, she did scrub my feet well, but the white tips look horrible.  She rushed through the entire pedicure like you would not believe.  Now for the mani - I sit at the table expecting to soak my nails and I am surprised when she starts cutting my cuticles and pushing back so hard that I have to pull away. I have NEVER had a manicure without soaking my nails/fingers first! She pulls out the gel polish and starts painting the white tips. At some point I though she was going to fix the lines since they look crooked and jagged because she didn't sweep through them with the brush and acetone to correct them like is usually done. I am just flabbergasted at the lack of professionalism and pride in her work so I ask her for the total and she tells me $65 and that she gave me a discount on the service. I though the $65 included the Groupon but she tells me this is independent of the Groupon! I paid $105 for nails that look as if my 4 year old painted since the gel spilled and cured on the sides and top of my fingers as well.  What kind of place is this??!! I am going to try to get a refund on my Groupon because this is ridiculous.  OH! and when I got home in noticed my mom's nails and they look even worse than mine!! I have to say that this is THE worst experience I have ever had while getting my nails done. I feel bad that she isn't getting paid enough for her work like she claims but she was the one that put the Groupon there in the first place! There is no way I will EVER go back there not even for a free re-do.  I am completely disgusted with the way I was treated and with the amount of money I spent on 2 basic mani-pedis.
1	This review is for the nail services at the salon, not the hair services.  I know this is a bit of a read, but it explains many attributes about the technician that I went to that are extremely unprofessional.This review is in regards to a specific technician named Badoura.  I can honestly say that I have never been so mistreated by someone doing a beauty service for me as I was by Badoura.  From the time that I first made contact with her to set up appointments, she was nothing but rude and condescending.  I called once to reschedule a previous appointment. A few minutes later I had to call back again to get a different time and instead politely asking me to call back because she was with a client, she yelled at me saying, "You know what, you will have to call me back, I am with a client and I can't do this for you everytime you call." Mind you, I only called her once before and the second call was literally 2 minutes after the last one.  I decided to reschedule with her still only because my husband had already gotten me the appointment through groupon and I didn't want to waste money.  She called me back twice, once to schedule an appointment at 1:00 and then she left me a voicemail saying that she actually already had an appointment scheduled for that time and she  wanted to reschedule for 2:00.  The day of the appointment came, and I showed up at 2:00.  From the start she was not very friendly.  Then she put in my groupon voucher and said that it had already been used, which didn't make sense because I had never been to her or the salon before.  The only time I had given her the code is when I called to schedule the appointment.  Then she rolled her eyes and started to give me attitude saying that she would do it anyway even though she wouldn't be getting paid.  5 minutes later someone called back to her saying that her 2:00 groupon was here for her...She then proceeded to get angry with me because my appointment was at 1:00 and that she had been waiting for me for an hour with no work to do.  I thought maybe for a moment I had been mistaken in writing down the correct time, apologized and said that I could wait for the other client to be done.  Then I walked outside because I was so upset by how I had been treated, when I turned back she was with the other client waving her hands around and motioning to me (clearly talking about me).  I went back through my voicemail and was able to find the voicemail she left me changing my appointment from 1:00 to 2:00.  I went back inside right after to confront her and possibly even show her the voicemail and all I got was, "Well, in my book you were scheduled for 1:00." Not even acknowledging the fact that she had made a mistake even when I had proof that she did.  I told her that I don't know what she did wrong with the book, but it was not my fault.  Then I left telling the girl at the front desk that I would not be taking the appointment at all.Badoura is a horrible people person to say the least, and from the other review I saw here, she's not much better at doing nails.  I will never recommend someone to go to her.  I don't know much about the rest of the salon, but if this is the type of employee they are willing the hire/continue their employment, I get a distinct impression that their services may not be the most desireable.
