2	so we're shopping for furniture and recliners are synonymous with la-z-boy. my girlfriend abhors the puffy chairs that men (and women) spend laid up in these falling asleep to the PGA tournaments. i love them. i convinced her to let me look, but that's all we could afford to do. i was shocked, shocked i say to find out how expensive these things are, especially when i know they cost a fraction of that to make. what is the furniture store rumor? something like 400% markup?and my job is somewhat service oriented so i know when someone has to establish rapport before selling me something, which i can appreciate. but our salesguy swooped on us like stink on s**t. a few questions are ok. asking us why we moved here, what brought us here, what school we went to, how long we've been together? we were constantly walking away from him but he just kept asking all these questions. finally i had to say we aren't buying anything because all the stuff was too expensive and then we were able to walk in peace.i like recliners. but she's right, they remind me of old people and since i work with old people, i don't need a reminder when i come home from work. and the more contemporary models are way beyond our budget....we can get full living room sets for the price of one recliner.
3	Let me state clearly and loudly that I didn't think I would like La Z Boy! The idea of plush, overly soft recliners didn't appeal to me at all! That's said, we just purchased a new family room set for a fair and good price and have found La-Z-Boy to be a quality furniture store, that sells... yes, recliners, as well as other sofas, sectionals, chairs, love seats, and couches. Okay, now I need to go back to eating crow.  BTW, their sales staff is excellant!
1	Literally the worst shopping experience I've ever had. The moment we walked in someone asked us what we were looking for (which is fine), but when we said we were "just looking around", we still got chased around the store with far too many follow-up questions. "what do you like?" "do you want a sectional?" "a chair?" "what do you mean you don't know what you want?" It was rude and intrusive. I don't know if they really believe that that sales technique works on people.
1	I had the same experience as a few others who have posted here.  The salesman pounced on me the second I walked in and wouldn't leave me alone.  It did not matter how disinterested I looked or how many times I walked away from him, he just kept following me.  The words "thanks, I'm just looking" meant nothing to him.  After about 15 minutes of this I just turned around and walked out while the salesman was in mid sentence.  Seeing as others have had the same experience, I have to believe this is store policy, to badger customers into buying something or annoy them out of the store.  What a great business model. On a side note I walked next door to the Roomstore and was allowed to browse all i liked.  The salespeople were available for questions but not overbearing like Lazyboy.  Will never go back.
1	We had the same experience as a few other reviewers. We actually felt like we were being stalked by the creepiest of all creepy sales ladies. She asked us a series of odd, rather personal questions. We walked the circle and actually found one that caught our interest and while we were talking about it she comes in guns a blazin with an information dump that made absolutely no sense. Maybe it was her first day on the job or something but we didn't stick around to find out. Not the worst shopping experience I've ever had but definitely in the top 3.
1	First let me begin by saying our salesman Steve was excellent! He was friendly, knew his stuff, and that portion was a 5 star.   The 2nd part is my 1 star rating in the department of false advertising. Posted everywhere this close to the holiday is SALE SALE SALE up to 50% off. Steve said it was an employee type of sale pricing that happens twice a year. We picked two items, put the 20% down, and just needed to proof the order online for delivery. We accidentally forgot our dimensions of measurements so we went online to check. Right online In black and white it said the couches we were buying were 1299 a piece including delivery the store's price on the specific items said 1599 a piece, and our invoice stated 1099 each, we got free delivery from the balloon pop special but the extended warranty put us above 1299 as stated online included everything. Reality is we didn't save the 3-400 per item, but in fact paying full retail!!!  I called the store to remove the extended warranty, which nobody could help me with, which in turn delayed our delivery date & only our sales rep could do this? (Really??), You can see my order, but you can't update it, thus delaying my delivery? I asked about the online pricing versus the instore pricing and the guy (not Steve) specifically said they raise the prices on inventory 2 weeks before the sale to cosmetically make customers believe they are getting a huge savings & the website doesn't always update properly. Online is wrong, store is correct. I said to him "let me get this right, all year it is 1299"? Yup, "1299 includes delivery"? Yup, " & 2 weeks ago all stores jack up the prices & buying them at the all year price of 1299 from 1599 is done for cosmetic reasons to lead customers to believe they are getting a huge bargain"? Yup, as he giggled & said delivery are balloon pop items to be included at the 1299 price, so all you are really saving is the delivery charge per item and since you are getting 2 items, they deduct it off both bringing your price down to 1099.  We love the couches we picked but will be canceling our order unless they honor the 1299 price and give us the 3-400 dollar savings as stated we saved. They probably figured I would never check or a small percentage does, just as I thought this review would be helpful to others.   Happy Holidays!!
1	We experienced it EXACTLY as the previews did.  Great sales help, nice furniture, high priced, TERRIBLE service.  Recliner arrived mis-wired (how can that be?) and setting up service was a joke.  We requested "morning" service 2 weeks in advance of the service date and were told that "they'd do their best".  2 days before the service date, they told us that we'd see them in the afternoon.  When  I questioned this, I was told that there were more important customers who needed the morning slots.  Ok...Because of the change in times, I asked them to call a different number when coming out.  Nope, they could not handle that either.Never again.
1	We ordered 2 couches from Lazy Boy and I am very unhappy with the quality of the upholstery.  Esp on the arms.  I have never seen arms with puckers in them before in my 50+ years.  I even had Lazy Boy out to look at them and the tech said that is the way they work and that I should push the fabric to take out the lumps.  I can tell with my untrained eye, too much fabric was installed.The couch that faces out, also has spots underneath where the webbing is lose and can be visible.I will never order anything from Lazy Boy again.
5	Bought the couch of our dreams!If you want a Quality couch and are ready to spend some cash- this is the place to do it at. Yes , lazboy isn't cheap, but you get what you pay for. I expect our brand new sectional couch to last us a very long time.Lori was our sales person, she's very nice and not pushy. She made the shopping experience very relax and not stressful. Delivery was on time and on point.  I'm sure we will be back!
