4	Big store loads of selections for the whole family.  The prices are good and the back wall area of markdowns are great.  I came in with my brother in law and his girlfriend, she went one way I went another and after walking up every isle, made a couple of selections and when I made my way back to the cashier, we managed to pick one pair of shoes that were the same exact pair.  Good store, huge selections and fun to go looking for bargains.
4	Shoes shoes and more shoes! Whenever we come to Vegas my gf wants to hit this place up. It is the world's largest!! This is the one shoe store where she actually walks out with something!
3	This place has a nice selection of Shoes. The customer service here or lack thereof was what put them at 3 stars. I was in the store for about 20 minutes and not once, out of the 20 employees working the store was I acknowledged even once.I did end up buying 2 clearance shoes that were really comfortable.
4	Shoes, Shoes, and yes even more shoes. If you like Skechers skip those tiny locations in the malls or the Las Vegas Outlets and come here, to what is billed as the Worlds Largest Skechers Store. Customer service can be somewhat sketchy but when you see the prices, you won't care. And if you can find something in the clearance section you can really save serious $$$...I came out of there with a nice pair of ultra light running shoes for $30. Can't beat that. This place carries the FULL Sketchers line from running shoes to kids shoes to work shoes...if you need shoes and don't want to pay out the nose for them this place is definitely worth a look.
4	Well, I am not a fan of the sketchers sneakers so I never went to any sketchers store, but I had to go pick up a pair of boots for work and was SHOCKED to see all the different styles of shoes they carry!  From construction work boots, to sneakers, to women's dress heals and boots.  Prices are fairly decent and during the holidays they are having great sales.  Employees seemed a little out of the ordinary but friendly and helpful. The cashier gal talked to her coworker the entire time about how her boss better let her leave early so she could pay her cell phone bill.  I did not get any shoes for myself but I will be going back to see what I can find.
4	Conversation with my husband as we're walking from the car into the outlet store:Me: "Thanks for bringing me here, they have a pair of shoes that I'd like to...."we open the door and enter."...buy for work" (unable to hear myself think.)Husband: "What?" Me: "Shoes for work"Husband: "Say again?"Me: "Work shoes"Husband "WHAT?!?" Me: "Nevermind"Why in the WORLD is the music so loud in this store?!?  It's a shoe store, not a club!  Anyway, the first thing I noticed when I walked in was the fact that music was a number of decibels louder than anything I want to hear while shopping.  And the second thing I noticed was how freakin' huge the store was!  Holy shoes!  Aisles and aisles of skechers and all I could think was, "please turn the music down" and "I didn't know Skechers even made this many shoes."  At the front of the store they have a popcorn maker and workers were prefilling paper bags with popcorn for customers to grab.  Yes, please. So I boogied my way to the work section and pick up the shoes I wanted, eating popcorn along the way.  The aisles were very well organized and I found my size without a problem.  I got the shoe for about 20 bucks less than I had seen it for online.  Score! Then I realized they were having a buy one get one 50% off sale (some of the shoes, including skecher work and their "dressier" shoes were not included).  So I decided to walk through aisles and aisles of skechers, surprisingly liking a lot of what I saw.  Decided to get a pair of sneakers as back-ups, you know, just to kick around in, walk the dog to the park in, etc.  My husband found a pair of casual brown shoes that he liked.  Then I saw a pair of outdoor shoes good for short hikes.  Figured I'd grab those too and now I realized we could get another pair at half off so I sent my husband searching for a second pair... loudly.  Because the music was still blasting.  Me: "You need another pair because you can get them half off."Husband: "Huh?"  Me: "Go get another pair"You get the idea. Oh boy.  That moment when a consumer takes a good deal way too far.  Yup, that's me.  I'm that consumer.  So we left with 5 pairs of shoes.  I know.  I have a problem.  At the register they told us about their skechers elite program.  Free to join, earn 1 point for every dollar spent and earn $10 for every 100 points.  I went for it and I'm already out on top with my first ten bucks and halfway to my next.  Please.  Don't let me go back.  How many skechers can one girl own?  I now own 3 times the amount of skechers than I ever did in my lifetime.  All in all a good shopping trip, and the popcorn made up for the headache that I left with.
4	Love this store!!!
4	Booo! The popcorn machine is gone. But the service and good selections are still there. Along with the good prices.
4	This is the WORLD'S LARGEST Skechers store!  This place is packed with every skecher shoe they make.  I always loved to visit the store in California but this one is my new destination.  Rows and rows of shoes.  I can't believe it but I walked out with 5 pairs of shoes for myself and 4 other pairs for my family.  This store is cheaper then the regular stores and has a buy one get one free special all of the the time.  If you are in Las Vegas don't was your time at the other stores come to this one.  The only downside is the customer service (reason for 4 instead of 5 stars).  I have noticed this at two of their stores in Las Vegas.  However, the price and the product are worth the visit.  I will be shopping here again.
5	I love my new go walk 2 shoes. its doesn't hurt when I walk a lot. I got 3 pairs of shoes and my bf got 3 pairs too. who doesn't love sketchers shoes. they are so comfortable to wear. I think sketchers are the best.
4	As big as this place this and with all the deals on shoes, you would think there would be more than 8 reviews including this one.Whenever I need shoes for any reason, more often than not, me and the fam end up here. They always have this special where you buy one pair, you get the second pair 50 percent off on designated items. Now before you even do that, make sure to go straight to the back wall first. That's where they have all the clearance and marked down items. On more than one occasion I have found some really cheap shoes here that I actually needed. Don't be discouraged if you don't find any deals here. You will always have the bogo option. Plus if you come back a week or two later, you should have some newer selections.Make sure to sign up for the Skechers Club upon check out. It's free to sign up. For every purchase you make, you get points towards discounts and special deals.As for service, these guys are really helpful. The one person you gotta look out for is the security guy. Depending on who is assigned that day, you could be dealing with one that is really anal about little things. Case in point: My two boys were messing around a bit and knocked down one of the shoes on display. The security guy that day went on a rampage and told us to keep our kids under control or he would kick us all out. Very professional dude. One last thing, they have a popcorn machine just inside the entrance of the store. Most days, they have popcorn already in little bags ready for you to eat. Just to let you know, the popcorn is pretty tasty with all its salty goodness. Only problem is, they don't sell anything to drink here so I suggest you eat it on the way out. I made the mistake of grabbing a bag as soon as we came in one time and damnit, all I could think about was an ice cold bottle of coke the whole time we were shopping.So come one, come all! If you shop here long enough, you just might find some good deals for your whole family! Just look out for the security guy if its the anal one.
4	I'm not going to lie, my expectations before going here were a bit low. I've kinda outgrown my Sketches phase, so I was very meh about the idea of going here. However, my mom was insistent that I give it a chance since she's had lots of luck finding shoes here (especially since it's really hard for her to find comfortable shoes because of the wideness of her feet.)But anyway, this store is not bad. They have a big-ish selection, ranging from athletic to casual to work shoes. I ended up picking a couple of flats for really cheap, especially since they were already in clearance. I was originally going to get boots, but they didn't have a lot of bigger sizes, which sucks for all the big footed people like me. It also sounds like they have a lot of sales throughout they year. It's definitely not a bad place to check out if you or anyone else needs shoes. And for cheap!
2	The customer service here is horrible. The employees never greeted anyone that walked in the store and there weren't any employees walking around the store to assist customers. I could've robbed them blind and they wouldn't have noticed because they were all huddled between the shoe racks slacking off. I found about 6 employees all standing around, joking and laughing, leaning on the shoe racks, not paying attention to the store.
3	I give this store three stars. It's super huge but the employees who work here are extra sluggish.  Slow. And ok extra slow. They playing in the store rather than to be busy working. And what's with the stale popcorn they serve. Anyway good sale buy one pair get the other pair 50% off.
3	Please make sure the shoe size and label matches!!!.  I got to go back again....
5	Great selection; variety of styles, sizes and the customer service is above par. Free popcorn definitely is a plus and the bathrooms really aren't bad. As far as shoes go, largest in the world--60,000+ pairs---plus they are more than willing to find what your looking for through another store or online! Can't go wrong.
5	Today I was in a desperate hurry to find a comfortable shoe for work shifts, and a wonderful girl named Alexa helped me do that. She dug through the back more than three times to try to find my unusual size and smiled the whole time she help me. She was very patient and very sweet and very knowledgeable about her product.
4	For all my Canadian friends who visit Vegas, take the time to visit this outlet if you're at all interested in shoes.  I stopped in out of curiosity, having never bought Skechers before, and walked out with four pairs!   Well, I HAD to get four, they were having a sale with your second pair being half price, and I certainly wanted to maximize my savings, right??I had no idea there were so many different styles of Skechers, nor that they were so comfortable.  I felt like I could have wandered their aisles for hours to try everything on.  Usually I have a hard time finding shoes that make my poor old feet happy, so this was a real treat, and I'll definitely visit them again next trip!
1	I just has the most unpleasant experience in this outlet. The poor girl at the register was getting swamped and literally 4 male "management" members were just standing around by some shoes engaging in some very inappropriate work place conversation watching the line build. I waited 15 minutes to pay!! How ridiculous! You should really invest your money in a management team that isn't full of a bunch of lazy and rude employees.
5	So I must ask... What changed?! I was here 6 months back or more, and although the prices were great (and still are I must add!) the store was a mess! Stuff everywhere!! Shoes, trash, boxes, shoes in the wrong place, sizes weren't on the correct shelf. There was even an associate who I saw pull her cell phone out of her pocket and answer a personal call! I felt like I was in a Ross! Search forever for something you hopefully find in the unorganized mess.. But when I was here a few days after Memorial Day it looked great! A 100% change! Nothing on the floor and most associates who saw me said hello! Such a great change.. So whatever you did keep up the good work!
3	Really nothing wrong with the store. I got some nice black work shoes. Good style. And...For fifteen bucks??? Non skid! I'll buy that... Comfy too. I know that, for some reason, these shoes seem to wear out faster but for the price...Who cares? That just means when they do, I get new ones. So, that's the only reason. They are budget shoes but that's all I want here. Reviewing them seem redundant but just fyi only. If I were rating for the price only, it would be six stars.
5	I actually came in here to update my review, and somehow I never reviewed this place.  They deserve a 5* review after today's experience.So I've been shopping here for a few years.  Lived in Vegas a long time and always went to the Skechers outlet at the Premium Outlets, and one time they told me to check this location.  I didn't even know it existed, so when I made the drive out I was amazed to see the size.  They have a much bigger selection than any other Skechers outlet I've seen, and their prices are even cheaper than the other outlet locations in town!It's not exactly in a great neighborhood, so the store can get a little ghetto at times, but when you walk out of the store paying under $50 for 2 pairs of shoes, life isn't so bad.  They always have Buy 1 Get 1 50% off going, so once you pick up one pair you might as well get two. :)Why did I come in today to Yelp about them?  Well, I bought 2 pairs of shoes 3 months ago, and I've been wearing them both back and forth.  One of them got a hole in the top of the shoe at the stitching, so I brought them by to see if there's anything we could do.  Without a receipt, the manager happily took them back and gave me a brand new pair of the same kind.  They were down to $24.99, so I would have been fine buying a new pair if I had to.  But it's nice to see a store manager taking responsibility for their defect and saving their customer a huge hassle of going through corporate.  No mess, no fuss, new shoes.If you like Skechers shoes at all, I highly recommend you stop by this shop if you haven't already.
5	Today I was in a desperate hurry to find a comfortable shoe for work shifts, and a wonderful girl named Alexa helped me do that. She dug through the back more than three times to try to find my unusual size and smiled the whole time she help me. She was very patient and very sweet and very knowledgeable about her product. Thank you!
