3	This review is only for the Par 3 course. There are two holes that are lengthy, 181 and 160 yards. The rest are between 50 and 100 yards. For $7, it is a great course. There are lots of beginners on the course, so plan on taking time or politely asking to play through.I noticed that some of the yardage signs are a bit off (like 20 yards or so) so beware of that. Other than a few holes with bunkers surrounding hte hole, it is not too difficult, which again, makes it great for beginners.
3	Average course.  $24 for 18 on a weekend.  We had a great round until we came across this goofy foreign guy with a terrible goatee.  If he comes up to you just tell him to get lost.  We tried talking to him but i think he must be really dumb and kept harassing us.  Overall good experience but the toolbag was downer
3	This is a great muni course with a perfect par 3 course when you want to squeeze out a 45 minute round after work with some good company or work on your short game by yourself. Fun moment on the par 3 was the 181 yarder that I decided to use a 3 wood and pretty much flew the course at about 240 (accidentally).I like all of the courses Aguila offers and they have great happy hour prices if you decide to golf after work as said earlier.The parking situation is fine, the service is fine, and they offer everything a golfer could ever need even rental clubs. ( Wilson staff)I would recommend this course if you want a good deal... be sure to check golf now
5	I've read the three reviews from golfer's.  I'm baffled as to why these golfers only rated the course 3-stars.   Golf Digest Magazine rates this course one of the top municipal courses in the country - for play and price.   The course is gorgeous with views of South Mountain - the largest municipal park in the country (a top 5 hiking destination by National Geographic Magazine). .   Golf Digest  rates Aguila Golf Course 4 out of 5 stars - the same rating as The Legacy, The Boulders, and the JW Marriott Desert Ridge Wildfire.   The course is also a PGA qualifier course and hosts many of the State High School Championship tournaments.   Many golfers through out Phoenix travel to this municipal course, not only because of the prestige and challenge but also because it is well-maintained.  The Eagle's Nest Cafe offers spectacular views of South Mountain  The cafe's food is mediocre - which is unfortunate.  I heard that the cafe was going to be outsourced for management so maybe it will improve.   I forgot to mention Aguila provides choices -- a 9-hole course (with pull carts for rent) and the 18-hole with golf carts to rent.  Prices are reasonable: http://phoenix.gov/recreation/rec/facilities/golf/rates/rates18hole/rate18aguila/index.htmlIf you are coming out to Phoenix for the golf - definitely play your Troon golf courses, but try out the this local municipal course; you'll be rewarded with a great course, spectacular views, and you won't be running into the typical beer-belly, t-shirt wearing amateurs you see on some of the municipal courses throughout the country.  Top local golfers and winter visitors know Aguila is a gem.
4	The Par 3 course is a great way to spend an hour and a half.  Rented clubs, bought 3 experienced balls (.25 each) and walked for a little over 20 bucks!  Don't go to Burger King afterwards.  Grab a fresh burger off the club grill from Sally!  A fifteen minute drive from downtown Phoenix.
5	I play this course almost every week - it's a great layout designed by Gary Panks and the back tees stretch it to 7000 yards - very unusual for a muni course.  The staff is excellent; very helpful and friendly and the course almost always plays at a 4 hour pace!  Just played on Saturday and the course was in great shape for the middle of summer in Phoenix.  As another reviewer mentioned, players come from all over the valley to play Aguila - it's scenic and challenging; you'll need all 14 clubs!
2	I have been playing Valley courses for 20+ years and Aguila since it opened 10+ years ago.  As someone that used to sleep in a car to play Papago and get to Agula by 4:00 AM to get a ticket I know what it's like to be a die-hard golfer.  As I'm now a father of 2 and don't feel like spending that much time to actually get a tee time I play around 8:00 now most weekends.  The past few times I played the Aguila 18 took more than 4 and a half hours.  I'm a fast player and waiting on EVERY shot isn't my idea of a fun round.  There wasn't a ranger any of these times.  The last ranger I encountered there waa an idiot anyways.  We ended up with a 5-some ahead of us holding us up every hole.  When I saw him on 10 tee and told him about it he joked and said "oh those guys do that all the time".  I asked that one of them be removed from the course but his solution was to split them into a 2-some and 3-some.  Oh yeah make 2 groups out of 1.  Real intelligent and a great way to speed things up.  So, while I truly love the women that work there and they have treated me as a friend for many years, I will not play there again and will gladly pay more to play elsewhere. I guess if you have 1/2 day to kill playing in 100+ heat you may enjoy the layout but the greens are slower than death.  I'm sure you will have time to notice that.
