5	I love this service. I've been through a few services over the last five years, but I'm staying with Maids on the Spot.I don't speak Spanish, so I really appreciate that the owner ensures that all the workers can speak English very well. They clean my whole house but do a deep cleaning to one room on each visit, and I can really tell when they've been to my house. They're very conscientious with taking care of the details.It took me a while to get comfortable with a service entering my house when I wasn't home, but I have no problem with them doing so now. They were very accommodating with my distrust, and let me get to know the team assigned to me for many cleanings until I was ready to turn over a key. The team is also very good with my animals; I think my dog actually looks forward to them visiting.When I first started with Maids on the Spot, the owner visited my house for a tour. He noted all my wants (always, always dust the ceiling fans) and needs (use only the stuff I provide to dust my piano). He gave me a price options (based on frequency) and took notes, which ended up in a file about me that the cleaning teams bring along to my house.They let me pick my cleaning day and approximate time. They've been very good about giving me a reminder a day or two before a cleaning, and they've been great about accommodating my schedule if I need to move a date. They've never cancelled on me or not shown up.I highly recommend this service...and if you're lucky, you'll get Brenda's team (the others are good too, but there's only one Brenda).
5	This is a great team that works hard to ensure a great experience and service. I would recommend them to anyone.UPDATE: Now that we have been using this service since December I can honestly say the customer service is extraordinary and they really try their best to accommodate you on your schedule doing the job to your special tailored to your specifications. They are awesome!
5	Reliable, extraordinary customer service, and the cleaning was first-rate as well. The owner went above and beyond to help me out by finding me a crew on very short notice, and who were willing to drive out of their normal service area.  I was very happy with the work and the customer service was top-notch.  Highly recommend!
5	Letting cleaning people in my home takes a lot of trust.  I have complete confidence in the owner and the crews he has put together.  These folks work hard and are very thorough...I can recommend them to anyone who is shopping.
5	They were just wonderful - the owner was very responsive, organized, and easy to work with throughout the process. They did an exceptionally professional job and I would  definitely use their services in the future.
