2	This buffet is hit or miss and it figures that the time I decide to review it, the place had a very off day, including giving me a mild case of food poisoning again. Usually, the fried chicken, if available, is the top attraction, due to its crispyness and moist meat. On this day, which was a Monday afternoon, I had rotiserre chicken breast which was the best offering. Nothing else actually looked or tasted good. Mole chicken sounded great and on my initial walkthrough, that is why I purchased the buffet. Too bad, that this mole had no relation to real Mexican mole and the entire dish was too dryed out. Stffed cabbage was a horror show and the taco meat section was one giant pool of grease. Mongolian BBQ was also tried, but they don't put any sauce on it when they cook it, so it tastes just like, well nothing. The Chile Relleno was possibly the worst looking thing ever and didn't taste much better either. Deserts needed some work as well, but the butter pecan custard (they said it was) was decent, although could have been the culprit also to my later problems. You know what bothered me also was that there is a Guy cooking back there and anytimne anybody spills something (like some corn, etc) he is all over it, taking his nasty over the shoulder towel and dabbing it up. I'm all for a clean buffet, but find something else to do for a few minutes besides clean up every piece of corn that falls out of a laddling spoon. Maybe think of a better recipe to have us eat. Call ahead and if the fried  chicken is available for dinner, it is worth the $8.99 itself with a few side dishes that are usually better than this lunch, which would include potatoes. Oh, the rice was excellent.
3	My family and i went today for dinner, and i have to admit it's not as bad as we thought it was gonna be. We paid $5 pp bcuz the Buffet has a promotion this month only on Wednesdays.  It was decent for $5.  The place is very clean and the staff was super nice.  They have 3 cook to order station where you can get Fajitas,Quesadillas, burgers,hot dogs, and stir fry. They also have a small salad bar but i have to admit the lettuce had seen better days.  They also had a carving station with prime rib which could of been better,and ham. they also had fried chicken,wild rice w mushrooms. They had clams with cheese which were very good.  They also have a small dessert station.  All in all it was worth the price we paid
2	I had low standards for the Arizona Charlie's Buffet and they were still unable to meet them.Ethnic Food variety: 3 Stars. They do have sushi (looking scary), asian dishes, mexican dishes and typical American type food.Food Quality: 1 Star. If there was a negative star option, I would chose that. The food looks like it is 5+ hours old and previously chewed. The fish was like salmon-jerky. Service: 4 Stars. I never went without a refill. Price: 25+Tip for Sunday Dinner for two people... Not exactly a bargain.The Good:I was able to stick to my healthy diet because everything looked so old and dried out I decided just to have a salad, refried beans and a chocolate cupcake.
1	I had a bad feeling about this place and I should have listened to my gut. If I did I wouldnt be awake at 4am with what I call reverse food poisoning where it comes out....well u know. Sorry for the tmi but I ate here 12 hours earlier and im still paying for it. The only saving grace was that Friday night dinner includes ayce new york steak made to your liking. And I got there right before they switched from lunch to dinner so I only paid 8.99 instead of 13.99. Stay away.
