3	I think this place can be hit or miss. It is in a fantastic location, right at the end of Princes Street, and walking distance to Haymarket station. Great if your going to catch a train or starting a night out. It is nice and welcoming inside and great for people watching if you get a window seat.When you walk past in the morning there is wide selection of people having breakfast and reading their paper. So I guess the breakfast much be good, although I can't comment.A friend and I went for lunch and really enjoyed it. We shared Cajun Chicken Nachos which were a good portion and very yummy. Definitely hit the right spot. The service was good too, and it wasn't too crowded.Another occasion my boyfriend and I went for dinner and we were a little disappointed. It was far too crowded so it was hard to hear each other. However it was near to Christmas time, so I guess everywhere is a little busier. The service was a little slow too. I had the fish and chips which I didn't think were the best I had ever had, but not the worst either. I probably reserve judgment on whether I really like Ryan's Bar or not until the next time I visit. There is a great selection of food on the menu so it is definitely worth trying again I think.
3	This place looks a lot better from the outside than it actually is. I went in here for a drink with my boyfriend as we were really early to meet friends, and it was nothing special.It was rammed, for starters. Which probably has something to do with the fact that the serving bit of the bar takes up about two thirds of the floor space, leaving hardly any room for tables. Also, with it being in the heart of tourist-ville, it was full of stag parties and other huge groups of drunk guys of varying descriptions... not ideal for a quiet cosy drink with your boyfriend!All in all, it was fairly average. It was hot, crowded, noisy, it took ages to get served at the bar and when we did the drinks weren't even that cheap.
3	Ryans is AAA-OOOK, to quote the Yelp star system. It has a pretty prominent location at the west end, where you're bound to notice it, and you'll certainly notice the bar when the sun has got its rare Scottish hat on, as there are a number of outside table opportunities to be had at Ryans, which is probably where I would personally take advantage of the bar's offerings. The inside is dark, usually pretty busy, and perfectly all good for alcoholic opportunities plus a bit of gastropub dining, although I wouldn't say the interior pushes the boundaries of trendiness, but sometimes the banter is more important than the setting, and it does have that cafe continental thing going on, which has generally got worldwide appeal. There's a spacious main bar, coffee area, and cellar bar, which I'd probably be most partial to, plus a pretty extensive range of food offerings for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
3	Ryans is a big bar in the heart of Edinburgh, situated between the two main railway stations and just off Princes Street. Its location, its size and the fact that it remains bright and neutral are perhaps the reasons why it's always crammed with people.It looks fairly upmarket and has a varied menu, although a lot of the selection is gastropub fayre. It's open early during the day and is pretty much packed from when it opens. During weekends it's madness, since you'll often find that tourists and stag do's wind up in here over the course of an evening.I like Ryans for what it is - it's a Jack of all Trades bar where one size fits all. You can take your mum for lunch here, meet for a first date (although there admittedly would be a lot of background noise), you can come for an all night booze session with the lads of the ladies. But because it has a universal appeal, I'm not always drawn to drinking here - it's a bit generic.Its slightly continental but familiar setting is, however, what makes it appealing. Although it's not the most unusual bar in the world, it's a point of reference for most, since every city has a bar like this somewhere. It will make a lot of people feel at home and with its varied menu, space, vast space allocated to outside seating and comforting surroundings, it's a safe bet to begin most days and nights out.
4	Popped in late on a Sunday night after 18 hours of traveling to Edinburgh.Have to admire the fact that the bartender took such care to pour a pint of Guinness from the tap. I was mesmerized by the whole process.  Great selection of brews and scotch. The service was great. Nice people, tons of TVs to watch virtually any match you're trying to catch. Food was not as memorable as the pint of beer. But then again, I was new in town.  Cheers!
2	I knew there must be a reason why I'd lived here for almost 6 years and hadn't been to Ryan's Bar.  Now that I've been here, that reason has been confirmed: it's really not my kind of place.Interestingly enough I was kind of looking forward to the evening.  I'd looked the bar up and their website made it look quite nice inside.  Well, whoever was taking those pictures was an incredibly talented photographer because the ambiance that the pictures portrayed was just not echoed in the real life experience.In real life, it just felt like a slightly upmarket student-ey bar, with a poor selection of over-priced beers.  Maybe it's because I was here on a Friday after payday, or maybe it's because I prefer a quiet pint, but everything about it left me wanting to finish my drink and leave.  Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.
4	Actually very fond of this well spaced, comfy pub. Its not high class dining, but the food is good and portions generous! Nachos here are fantastic! Also a very good place if you want to watch sport. Its clean, welcoming and very good value! and during the week occassionally offer some free nibbles!.
2	This restaurant was a little on the fancy, touristy side, but it was good.  The high ceilings and light tans on the walls and ceilings keep the place bright.  It's also pretty large, including a small outside coffee shop that's open early, a good-size main restaurant, and a basement "cellar bar" (for special events and maybe overflow).  The staff was friendly and the food was decent.  The menu is large and includes many non-Scottish things, including Mexican food.  Ryan's had a large whisky selection -- this was great, but it was a little frustrating that the special tastings ran out early.
3	Stop-Over bar. I cannot see myself a whole night in this pub. It is conveniently located and easy to get to and to find if your are not know with Edinburgh. I have used it for that reason only so far. Enter - get beer - meet friend(s) - get another beer - maybe a snack  - then go where we wanted to go all along.Don't get me wrong  - the place is pleasant enough to be, beautiful ceiling and very friendly staff, just not where I like to spend an whole evening. In the summer I did spend a bit more time sitting on their terras - people watching and sunbathing (if the weather allows it) - Not my favourite but I have certainly no problems meeting up in this place.
3	I had heard many differing views on Ryan's bar both good and bad.  I must also confess I was not aware there was a cosy restaurant in the basement which was a nice surprise!On a whim this was booked by a few people in the office to have dinner.  I was pleasantly surprised at the style and atmosphere of the restaurant which was in stark contrast to the bar above.The food was very well presented and the main course in particular was delicious.  The starter of lightly cooked scallops was cooked but in my opinion needed a minute or two longer in the pan.  The main was a venison joint with parsnip mash and green beans wrapped in bacon.  I was blown away by the main!  The joint was soft and done to a turn.  The parsnip mash was a pleasant change from potatoes but the green beans wrapped in bacon was an inspired idea!You may be asking at this point "what's with the three stars?".  The serving staff were very polite but we did have to re-order drinks several times before they arrived.    The food was excellent but a bit pricey.  The one thing which left a bad taste (and I may get some flak for this) was that a 10% service charge was automatically added to the bill.  Personally I prefer to determine the service charge based on the quality of the meal and service......I also tend to tip more than 10% if I feel it has been earned.Overall I was not disappointed by the food, the service or the venue so if you want a nice meal in the centre of town then I would say give it a go but if you do then be sure to add 10% when you are mentally added up the cost of your meal.
2	Ryan's was a decent pub.  I ordered a few glasses of Rioja, which were all poured generously.  My boyfriend ordered a Guinness and said it tasted "rank."  So, I interpreted that as flat.  We had some food - I had a pot of muscles, which were pretty good and came with some bread for dipping and he had a quesadilla, which actually looked like a wrap or a burrito.  I am not sure how much he enjoyed his meal, but I think I was the winner that evening.
4	Great place to meet friends for a rugby international before making your way west towards Murrayfield stadium.
1	Ryan's bar cellar restaurant after waiting 30 mins to get served in the first place and had to ask for the drinks menu, now been an hour between courses so far and no apology..... Said was busy but at least 10 tables empty that I can see from where I'm sat, food eventually arrived and can't say it was worth the wait ..... So that's now 2:00 hours and finally finished the food and no time for desert but not sure I would want any, as would have probably been another hour waiting for that. Needless to say did not leave a tip and doubt will ever come again. Free bottle of wine was little compensation
