5	I have used Frank's tax services for quite a while and have been extremely pleased.  He really does know his subject and puts in the time and effort that you would expect from an artist rather than just a tax guy.  It doesn't hurt that he's worked for the IRS so he knows tax returns from their side as well.  I highly recommend Frank's services.
5	Capital Gains can't gain on this guy!  Say 10-4 to the 1040 and watch him smackdown like the WWF on your W2.  This guy even makes MY finances look legit, so he must be doing something right.
5	frank helped me out again this year.  after my first run-through i was about even on federal and owed several hundred dollars in state taxes.  he found some areas that i initially missed and i ended up with a decent refund.my tax situation isn't entire simple.  multiple states are involved among other complexities.  but he's great at handling any curve ball that i throw him.  and he was generous enough to cut his rates this year due to the down economy.  absolute A+ service.
5	Frank is a genius.  Period the end.
5	There's creative accounting and then there's Frank who's a creative accountant or as he says on his website a 'tax craftsman'. I got to understand what this meant after working with him.I gave Frank a call after business hours and he got right back to me.After my first appointment we had an action plan in place and then after a follow up meeting everything was in good shape. I listened to him and followed his advise and instructions to a T which paid dividends.I learnt that Frank was a senior IRS agent who can advise and represent individuals in matters such as audits ~ gasp. A letter in the post from the IRS is enough to send anyone weak at the knees, time to call Frank.He calms nerves and get things heading in the right direction. I really like his non confrontational approach and the way he reasons things through. Knowing the wealth of experience he has behind him certainly helps.I'm 100% plus satisfied in my choice to go with Frank.
5	Frank is a wizard.  As a freelance film artist I was in a tangled mess of back-taxes, trying to outrun the avalanche of trouble that was looming over my head.  One meeting with Frank and I felt the doom lift right off my shoulders.  Over the next few weeks, Frank kept things moving along with great courtesy and professionalism.  He really worked around my crazy schedule without even a shred of judgement.  Every call and meeting kept things moving forward.  Looking forward to working with him again.
5	Frank is awesome.  Knows his stuff, hard working, always able to get a hold of him, can't say enough.  Frank helped me out with a really complicated tax problem I had with the IRS.  Basically, my two previous accountants had botched my previous yrs taxes and I finally got fed up dealing with all the riff raff and decided to come talk to a pro like Frank.  He worked on my issue for months with the state and federal agencies and finally resolved a problem that had been going on for more than two years.  Thanks again Frank!
5	He didn't specialize in what I needed, but he answered the phone at 7 am in the morning (which according to their hours is after hours). Great value in a service that knows the value in customer service
5	I used the Premium service from another tax firm with 2 letters in name - paid a pretty penny for that service and got audited once too and paid out more pretty pennies.Then I found Frank - got me back all those pretty pennies and a bunch more.  Frank does it for a living so he is up to date on the changes, and really knows how to navigate the waters safely.   Been with Frank ever since - some 5 years now.  Trying to keep him a secret to myself but he deserves this review.   Secrets out!
