4	The studio is under new ownership and Sandy Omer, the new owner, is awesome!  She has ordered a commercial sized humidifier and has done some improvements to the studio.  She is very open to suggestions and will do what she can to please everyone.  There are new classes and the 8pm classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays are perfect for busy mothers.  There is a 30 for 30 special for newcomers, 30 days for $30!  This helps you jumpstart your Bikram yoga practice.  Teachers take the time to get to know you and help you improve your practice.You will definitely start sweating within the first 10-20 minutes; the temp is about 107 for the majority of the 90 minute practice and humidity is 40-50%.  I have osteoarthritis in both knees and the heat and humidity has helped me tremendously!  I can do poses that I thought I would never be able to.Just remember to come in hydrated... That is the secret.
4	All right.  The new humidifier has been in for more than two months now and the humidity is really great and up to Bikram studio standards.  The teachers are quite adept at checking the temperature and humidity to ensure the comfort of the students.  Believe me when I say, "You will sweat!"  New teachers have been added too and each one is unique and different but they always strive to ensure that a student has the best experience while in class and will benefit efficiently from their practice.  They challenge and motivate each student to do their best.30 Day Summer Challenge Starts July 19.  Commit to doing 30 days in a row, without interruption, of yoga.  It's a challenge that will bring your yoga practice to a new level.  Complete the challenge and your name will be put into a raffle to win 6 months free yoga.  There will be 2 winners.  You can join in the fun and sign up anytime between July 19 through August 28.  Your present yoga package is put on hold and for $120 you get 30 days of yoga or month unlimited. Monday, July 19th or you can start thereafter if you wish.This is the best way to commit yourself to your Bikram yoga practice.  The benefits are astounding and you will not regret it.  I did the 5 days a week for 8 weeks challenge two years ago and it helped me jump start my practice that I am still going 5 days a week to this date.  Just remember to always keep yourself hydrated, drink lots of water, take little sips throughout the day before your practice and even better, drink some coconut water before or after your practice.  The studio carries Vita Coco, celebrity drink to the stars, a very healthy drink!  Smart Water which has electrolytes is also available for purchase.Bikram yoga has helped me both mentally and physically.  I used to see a chiropractor for neck and back pains and took maintenance medications.  Now... all I do is practice, practice, practice...  I now see Bikram Yoga as one of the most valuable tools for me to stay focused and fit for life...
4	A good friend of mine goes to this studio and kept trying to lure me with the bring a friend for free during their Wednesday classes. This studio is about 5 minutes from work so my curiousity was definitely piqued. I decided to tag along with her after work this past Friday for their 4:30 p.m. class and was sold when I found out that for new AZ students, you can pay $30 for 30 days. What a great way to try out a new place for the price of 2 drop-in classes. We cut it a little close, so the instructor was nice enough to complete my paperwork after class (after I signed the waiver, of course). The studio reminded me a little of the central Phx studio I go to in the sense that there are separate men's and women's area with a shower in each of the rest rooms. The thing I don't like is that there is only one wall of cubbies in the waiting room for both men and women. Because of this you havr to bring all of your stuff to get changed in the women's rest room which doesn't have a lot of room. Anyway, I found the actual room where we practiced yoga to be very spacious and pleasantly painted. The instructor was okay although I felt the poses were held a little too long. She was very likable, though. After the class, I said goodbye to my friend and patiently waited 10 minutes for the shower. The same person had been in the shower for a while which I felt was inconsiderate to people waiting. So annoying! Besides that, I thoroughly enjoyed this place and look forward to going back. They have several 5:30 a.m. classes that I plan to try before work during the week.
3	Went to five classes with a Living Social package and I know they have a good first time student trial package as well.  I didn't care for the first teacher I practiced with, but the others were good.  The teachers and students all kind of mesh together and it's a great family feel at the studio.  The room is more hot than humid and unfortunately the carpet, which they are raising money to replace, smelled like cats to me...little distracting during the floor series!  It was a great workout though and after each class, I felt great, but realized bikram wasn't for me!
5	My mom is a total regular here.  This may be her 2nd home even.  So when I came to visit her, we had to go.  I had only done "hot yoga" one time before.  The teacher was wonderful - Christine.  The room was hot, I was sweaty, and I think I got lucky because the heater was new and still finding it's way to perfect so I didn't feel like I was going to faint!  I had run 12 miles two days before and afterwards my muscles were very relaxed.  The studio has a very nice vibe, welcoming and warm.  There are showers for after.  If you have been thinking of trying Bikram, check it out!
3	I heard about this place through a Groupon promotion.  The location is a bit hard to find, as it is tucked far back in the back of a strip mall, with no noticeable signs.  Upon entering my first time, I was greeted very warmly and walked through the process, as it was my first time.  My first teacher, Christine, was amazing.  She was encouraging and really motivating. Hydrate properly because this class will kick your butt, no matter in shape you are.  I have been back 2 other times and have had another teacher since, who was very "nit picky' and kept pointing out errors, instead of encouraging.  The place just got new carpet, which is a good thing.  The workout is great and intense but the place is kind of clique-y.  Overall, I'm a fan.  They have a new student 30 days for $30 which I'm thinking about doing but not sure beyond that.
1	meh... it was ok hot yoga.  hard to find.
5	It's been a couple years since my last review and I am updating it!  This studio is really nice now, they got a new heater (no more distractions caused by a noicy wall heater).  Even better is the new carpet that doesn't smell!  They have the ongoing 30 for 30 which is $30 for 30 days of unlimited yoga that is available to any AZ resident. This is a great way to start your practice.  The teachers are accommodating, encouraging and keep the students motivated especially if you're new to Bikram Yoga! Definitely worth a try...
5	I've been to 7 Bikram's studios throughout the country. This studio is my favorite because of the people. The teachers are great and the students are very friendly. There are some incredibly inspiring yogis that go here on a regular basis...people overcoming huge physical and emotional challenges. Also, there are probably more people over 50 than I've seen at other studios. Don't try to make excuses for yourself because of your age! You might be standing next to someone in their 60's. There is  one student that is 81 and she started last year! Sandy is a great owner. The studio is always clean and it does not have that Eua du Bikram "fragrance" that other studios have. I'd highly recommend this studio to new and experienced students.
5	Loved this studio. I was on vacation last week in Scottsdale and found BYNS on Yelp. I almost did not go because when I called I found out they had carpet floors in the yoga room. I am so glad that I went anyway. The carpets were clean and a hospital grade anti-bacterial type. The studio was large with plenty of room for people to spread out. I took classes from Sandy, Bridget and Christine. I did the out of town special which was a great deal. It included 5 lessons in 7 days plus mat and towel. Perfect for travelers. The instruction was great. I usually do 60-90 minutes of Vinyasa style hot yoga at home 2-3 times per week and dread the 90 minute original series (Bikram), but doing it 4 days in a row on vacation, I could really see my practice improve. When I got home, I couldn't wait to get back to a 90 minute practice. I even did a 30 day challenge last year and loved it but realize that when I am rushing to and from classes between work and kids is not helpful to mentally prepare me for class. Now I will try to give myself more time to get to class and prepare for it. I will definitely go back to BYNS the next time I am in Scottsdale and highly recommend it for anyone.
1	This place would be great if it was actually hot and humid like it should be. I bought a groupon that ended up going to waste. First class, instructor was really nice but I barely broke a sweat. I thought I would give it another shot but the 2nd time I walked out completely dry. This place should just be called warm Bikram yoga. I think they need some humidifiers or something because their heaters just weren't cutting it.
5	Wonderful studio. Sandy, the owner, is extremely gracious, as are all the people that work there. Classes are deep, and thorough in the practice and form. Very respectful environment.Not sure about the heating comment from the other review. I have never experienced any issues with temp or humidity in the 18 months I've been going.  I've been to a number of other Bikram studios, out of state as well, and this is the one I always want to come back to, hands down the best .
5	Visited for a week. Wonderful classes & instructors very friendly, professional. One shower which I was only one who seemed to use- included complimentary shampoo, soap, lotion and samples to take home. Would visit again!! Reasonable rate for use..
