3	Service is a only a tad bit better than the Lincoln location. The big difference between the two locations is that It's cleaner and more new looking. What I did NOT appreciate was how misleading the waitress was. I asked how many were there for the fried oysters which was 5.99 or 4.99 (something like that). She said 4. When we received the oysters it was two "large" fried oysters. I was wondering where are the 4? So she waitress came back and told us it was 4 SMALL oysters and since they only had large ones they gave us 2 large ones. Um...ok? So why did you say 4 oysters in the first place. In general the service was ok, not as atrocious as the Lincoln location. dumplings are really juicy and I like them. But....misleading waitress = big no no,.
3	The photo says it all. If you are a fan of dumplings, this is the place for you! Our meal came out hot and steaming, just watch out for the juice in the dumplings as it has a tendency to squirt out. In terms of the other reviews on here, I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised at hot clean this place was. As for the service, well, this is chinatown. It doesn't matter what city you are in, chinatown is chinatown. Dial down the expectations and you'll do just fine.
2	I was surprised at how unenthusiastic I was about this experience, especially given how much I love the other place (the Qing Hua near Concordia).Here's what's not all that thrilling about the Chinatown Qing Hua:1) Fewer dumplings.  Also a little cheaper, but still.2) Awkward interactions with the staff.  The waiter was uncomfortable, possibly did not speak sufficient French or English, and didn't know how to seat people.  He filled tables in lines, possibly so that he wouldn't have to walk the extra four feet to cross the room, and it made for crowding and awkwardness because over half of the dining room was empty but you were still surrounded by full tables.3) Some of the dumplings have that little ridge that's stiff.  I don't know why this happened, as it's never been the case at the other place, but I think that it might be from freezing the dumplings.So... if you want fabulous dumplings, go to the other Qing Hua.
3	The specialty here is dumplings, and they do a nice job with them. You have a choice of several varieties and you can have them fried, steamed, or boiled. I had the lamb dumplings with coriander, steamed, which were very flavorful. The skin was soft and chewy, but the edges hardened a bit as they got cooler. You mix your own dipping sauce from soy, vinegar, and chili oil provided on the table. Worth a vist if you are in the area.
4	I need to thank whomever left the NY Times 36 hours in Montreal article in the Lonely Planet book I checked out from the library so that I discovered this really delicious sea urchin dumplings that you can't even get anywhere else!!!I LOVE sea urchin...and when my friends all said they wanted to go to Chinatown for lunch after we got into Montreal, I immediately suggested this place because I saw NYT mentioning its 40+ dumplings offerings, and one of these being sea urchin dumplings.Even though NYTimes mentioned this place, I was expecting their dumplings to have like an inch thick skins, like most of the places in the North America. But I was so wrong. Well, it's not as paper thin as you would expect from some places in China or something, but it's thick enough to hold the juices of the fillings (but they aren't the soup dumplings), yet, not thick enough that it tastes like a bun more than dumplings.We had most but one orders steamed, and we ordered pan fried for one of the orders since it cost extra. Man! The pan fried one was really good too. Not greasy at all and the juices are all retained inside the dumplings as well! And I wonder how they do it because some dumplings were "connected" by the "rice paper" (Think of the sheet of dried up condensation from cooking rice)The best of all, and it's probably biased, is the sea urchin dumplings. I like the lamb dumplings we ordered as well. The sweetness of the sea urchin blended in with the meat, and all the juices still captured inside the dumpling skins....i was in heaven each bite i took!The only downside is that they either are not too good with refilling your glasses with water, or they are short-staffed that day. o...and it's cash only! tourists be aware!
2	The food took a long time to come to the table. Fried costs an extra 1.50, NOT .50 as another review suggested. Cash only. I would return, but would not have Pork and Green Onion, because there was not much taste, of either pork or onion. The room is big and clean and modern, unlike so many of the chinatown places. Forget the hot and sour soup
2	Overall, I'd say not the best dumplings in Chinatown, not even the best dumplings on the street.  Maybe it's a personal preference thing, but I don't like that the dumplings drip soup/water.
4	I had a very mediocre lunch with my Chinese wife, and decided not to go back. Then a Beijinger-experts on dumplings-said, "pretty good dumplings-acceptable by Chinese standards-mabye best in Montreal". So i went back without my wife. Someone posted a review a year or so ago saying that the food was going downhill. I visited the Chinatown location for lunch today upon my Beijing friends recommendation.I LIKED IT-GOOD: I had the lamb dumplings-excellent dough. Insides were a little bit low quality ingredients. I loved the springy texture of the dough wrappings very much. The pickled daikon before the meal was good and fresh, and lightly pickled in a pleasant way. I loved that the food is made to order. Dovetails with my sensiblitiesBAD: The soup-free with the lunch-was miso based soup-not Chinese-but Japanese. Very very bad quality compared to real Japanese miso soup, but I tend to by hypercritical when people try to replicate cuisine of another culture sloppily. Real miso soup is wonderful and healthy. This was not that. I am not even sure if they used dashi or even instant dashi mix. Dashi is such an amazing and magical basis for Japanese food. But I don't usually love it when without rhyme or reason, a Japanese dish shows up in a Chinese restaurant.If I go back for dinner, I want to try the bones with brown sauce-what a name-I suspect it's oxtail with a hong shao style sauce, but I will drag my wife in and find out. I love well prepared Chinese take on braised oxtail.The 4 star rating would be about 1  star lower in New York or Toronto.  But here in Quebec, it's nice to have acceptable Chinese food.  Also, when I first went to Qing Hua it was the Lincoln street location.  I noticed that the riviews for the Chinatown location are much lower-so perhaps when I took my wife here, it was bad because it was bad.  I think that they have resolved their problems and this place seems very good now.  Go.
4	Chicken Curry Dumplings? Crazy tasty. Chicken and Coriander, OH YES! My friends did pork and beef too, but that's not really my thing, but I can assure you they like it. This location is much bigger than the original one on Lincoln St near Concordia, and looks clean too. When I went to pay I watched 2 ladies rolling out the dumpling skins and stuffing them up ready to be steamed or fried. They have a few select dumplings available frozen too! So if you are ever in need of some dumplin' lovin' I definitely say yes.
5	Take it from someone who lived in China for half of her life. This place is the real thing - it is as authentic as it gets!There are many types of dumplings and the making varies depending on the region they originated from, Qing Hua specialized in 'shui jiao', which literally translates to 'water dumplings', which means when you bite down on them, you'll get a mouthful of flavorful juice. This is also the Northern style, which differs somewhat from the Shanghai and Cantonese styles of dumplings. I think this is the major point of confusion of 'authenticity' in other reviews.That being said, we had the pork and cabbage dumplings (boiled) as well as the lamb and  leek dumplings (steamed). From the time I first bit down on the dumplings, it's as if I'm being translocated back to Beijing. The meat and veggies inside are extremely fresh; moisturize is preserved to the perfect degree; the flavor and seasoning are done to perfection, not too salty, not too greasy; the peels the perfect thickness, held up well to the high temperature and maintained its elasticity. When you bite into that little pouch of pleasure, the plentiful juice that marinated the dumplings with flavor spills out.The 5 star is solely for the tastiness, heavenliness of their dumplings. The hot and sour soup that we ordered did not taste sour or hot, but the dumplings more than made up for it! Even in Boston and NYC, I never encountered my hometown dumplings made so perfect as these.We've also been to the sister restaurant near Guy-Concordia, however, the authenticity there is many levels lower than this one. The cleanliness and spaciousness of this place is also a huge plus. So if you are craving for some juicy, authentic, northern style dumplings, this is the place to be!
4	Why is this place empty??? Chicken ones were good, but the Cha-Qing flavor comes from the pork! Anything pork was just oozing with liquid. Literally, you'd take a bite and juices will spew across the table and hit your friend in the eye! Don't waste it on your friend's eye or on your plate! Instead, ask for a spoon, place the sack on the spoon and take a tiny first bite - eat it xiao long bao style. The soup in the sack will spill into your spoon waiting for you to slurp it up! Now they do have XLBs, but don't waste your money on those. You get only 6 as opposed to 15, and they are not even close to the world renowned XLBs of Din Tai Fung. I put them on a pedestal so not even gonna compare (even though I am).Minus a star cuz the moody waitress was un attentive. We looked at her three times (and she did make eye contact each time) before she finally came and took our order. Just because she was cold, she wasn't gonna come between me and my delicious dumplings!
4	I had totally forgotten that Qing Hua had a Chinatown location until I found myself in Chinatown one Saturday afternoon with a rumbling stomach.  I had originally set my sights on some ramen, but when I saw the happy little dumpling logo of Qing Hua I quickly changed my mind.I found the dumplings themselves to be on par with those of the Lincoln location: excellent!  The space itself is really nice, big and airy.  The walls have what look like carved stone decoration.  It was a nice change from the Lincoln location, which is more like a cosy little cave.  I could see myself coming here with a group of people and sharing steamer tray upon steamer tray of dumplings.Of note: this location also does frozen dumplings to take home like the Lincoln branch.  Not quite as good as having them in the restaurant, but a welcome weeknight dinner solution when you don't feel like cooking, and only have to pull them out of your freezer and steam them up.
3	The place definitely looks very clean and proper. The staff is nice... So that's a good start. Now onto the food.  We ordered only dumplings so I can only comment on that. When the dumplings arrive fresh (about 15 dumplings per order), you should be cautious when biting because they are super hot and quite juicy. The anything curry dumplings are best fried. However, after the dumplings  cool  off, they're less juicy and after the 3rd dumpling, you really taste the dough. For others, it might not be a problem, but I like the dough to be a bit thinner so I can taste more of the inside. It's good.. But not the best that I've had. And if they didn't have deals on dealfind, I might not have returned since there are better dumpling places not too far for roughly the same price.
5	The best dumplings ever! Filled with soup, so they explode if you take too big a bite! Rolled fresh steamed or fried.
4	The dumplings here were very good. They came in wicker steaming baskets, which was a nice touch. The restaurant itself is big and spacious and the servers were courteous, however hot tea was not included in the meal.
3	We were looking for Qing Hua's Ave Lincoln location, but saw one in Montreal's Chinatown, so decided to just go ahead and eat at this restaurant.The won ton seemed more like noodle with no meat in the won ton?  The soup base was good, not too salty.  We tried both fried and steamed dumplings.  Just OK for both.  We are from San Francisco, and the dumplings back home are way better than Qing Hua's.
5	five stars easily for the dumplings and the service. Got beef/curry and pork/scallion, both fried. They weren't greasy though, just delicious. We came all the way from NY for the jazz festival and after having the dumplings would seriously consider coming up just for that.
5	dumpling love; wash em down with an ice-cold tsingtao = happiness. Highly recommended.
4	A restaurant that is dedicated to only 'dumplings', this I had to try. Montreal's Chinatown has some local gems, I must say. Perhaps the influence and standards of French Cuisine? The dumplings are made fresh by order right in front of you. A steam try holds 15 dumplings enough for one person. Delicate flavors, light dough, brimming with juiciness, these dumplings were worth the wait. Be prepared to wait at least 1 hour before you get to taste these scrumptious dumplings.
4	Love their dumplings but the old waiter is too weird always hitting on girls including me and even when I went with my boyfriend. So I stopped going. Their homemade noodles dish is pretty good too. Damn waiter
5	During my dumpling hopping, I made it a point to stop at Qing Hua.  I suggest you come after lunch as the soup dumplings are not available during lunch.I ordered the Lamb and Coriander dumplings, Beef and Onion dumplings, and Sea Urchin Soup Dumplings.  These dumplings are a little different from Mai Xiang Yuan as they come out in Bamboo Steamers and actually have soup inside!  I preferred the steamed dumplings to the boiled dumplings but the fried dumplings at MXY were better.  The Lamb and Coriander was really fresh and the flavor was BAM in your face but the Beef and Onion dumplings were kinda boring.  I expected a little more POW from the Uni Soup Dumplings but still a relatively good deal since they do put in half a piece of uni in each soup dumpling.  I was hoping the Uni was wrapped tightly on the top so the flavors didn't get diluted so much.  Still a very good visit when in Chinatown!
4	The order:Broth/boullion filled steambuns (soup dumplings? - the lady called them steambuns and had no clue what soup dumplings were, but they're dumpling-like imo)Pork & shrimp dumplingsLamb & cilantro dumplingsWon Ton soupThe verdict:I absolutely loved the steambuns, the chicken broth inside them was very flavourful, and it was overall a treat to eat. Both the dumplings were rather disappointing in my opinion, maybe they wouldn't have been if I hadn't discovered Mai Xiang Yuan first..but I did..and they're MUCH better there.The soup was meh, unfortunately, the dumplings had a really small amount of stuffing and the broth was pretty "run of the mill". There was also a chili oil/sauce provided with the aforementioned, but neither me nor the husband liked it much, it had an odd sweetness to it.So will I go back (to either location)?I will, for the soup-buns/dumplings/whatever, for the dumplings I'll stick to my much loved Mai Xiang Yuan.
2	Told to come here by various sources for their fresh dumplings handmade. Severely disappointed. Came by and the waiters and waitresses talked for quite a while before noticing we were standing there in our coats waiting to be seated...When ordering, they were missing most of the things on the menu; mind you we came at noon when you should be completely stocked. We got shrimp and tofu dumplings pan fried. Dumplings were okay, yes the dough was amazing and chewy but I've had better. I had expected a chinatown dumpling place to be more authentic.
4	Super tasty and fresh, broth inside every bite, some of Montreal's best dumplings.
4	Amazing selection of dumplings including vegetarian options, beef, lamb, chicken and shrimp! Serves pretty much only dumplings so you might be disappointed if you want other dishes. The restaurant is in a nice location but usually crowded. Nice atmosphere and the prices are pretty good 7-9 dollars for an order of 12 dumplings! I would recommend this for anyone who likes dumplings and wants a casual place to go!
3	I've already written a review for the Qing Hua, Lincoln Ave location. This one at Chinatown is like a notch below its Lincoln ave counterpart. Its lags a bit behind in all aspects.... Food, Service.... Maybe not the Ambiance & Price. The dumplings here are a bit cheaper than the other location.  Also the menu here is limited. Think of the Lincoln Ave location as Batman & the Chinatown location as Robin. Even though both are on the same team, Everyone prefers Batman....Food -  GoodService -OkAmbiance - Casual / CleanWorth the money - Yes
3	Pretty solid soup dumplings, and definitely worth the price, but I prefer the location on Lincoln.
4	Delicious dumplings. You can mix your order, which I'd recommend -- better yet, go with a friend and order several types, then share!  You get 15 dumplings, which is a huge serving. Walk it off around Chinatown.
3	Had fried tofu dumplings that were a bit boring for my taste. Tried some vegetarian cabbage dumplings also and liked them better. Still not a big fan. Surprisingly, the dessert cheesecake was a perfect ten, even better than at many places that specialize in pastries and cakes! The combination of chocolate crust and cream cheese was divine. Gotta go back for the cake.
