1	My car failed emissions and I was told it would cost $500 to fix with multiple repairs necessary.  When I told them that was way too much , they immediately said they could fix it for $300.  Not a good sign. They  also told me I needed new brakes.  I found that very suspicious since the brakes had been fine when I had the car checked out not too long before. Two years later, my brakes continue to work fine.  To top it off, I wad kept waiting forever because the mechanic forgot to tell me my car was ready.  Bad experience from start to finish.
4	A few weeks ago I had Sun Devil Auto inspect my vehicle because two other auto shops stated that I needed to repair both the intake manifold gaskets and water pump because they were leaking.  I had not seen any thing on the floor of my garage but I was unsure and was going to have the repair done at the lesser of two.  On my way to work I always pass Sun Devil Auto and I called to see if they do free inspections.  They do.  Steve, the manager, was very helpful and had my car inspected to find that the only thing that I needed was the coolant elbows which were leaking.  He had the car reinspected after the elbows were replaced and found that no other repairs were needed.  Now he could have gone along with what the two ripoff shops had stated but he did not.  Steve runs an honest shop.  I feel comfortable recommending it to others.  Added bonus, they have a shuttle service.
5	I have a business in Downtown Phoenix, Arizona. I have been a customer of Sun Devil Auto now for nearly 5 years. These are not only the nicest guys you will ever deal with...but truly the best mechanics in town. They are kind, thoughtful, fair and honest. This is where you want to take your vehicle for maintenance AND repair. I have an aging Ford...I have had simple things done like a battery or tires and also some complicated work like suspension. ALL GOOD! go see Mario. Rick. Frank. Jimmy. Austin and the rest of the crew. Say "Suerena sent me".P.S. in turn they are now customers of mine. That's how it ALL works!
