2	About a year ago I went here and had an excellent steak and crab leg dinner.  The atmosphere was good and the waitress was excellent.  We went back recently for a mini celebration with our daughter and we were very disappointed.  The waiter was sort of preoccupied and unfriendly,  When I found out that crab legs were unavailable I was disappointed but understood why as they don't carry them year round.  They felt that I still needed to talk to the manager because of my disappointment.  I didn't but out he came anyway.  He was wearing yesterday's wrinkled shirt with what looked like food stains on it.  He also appeared very tired and thus unprofessional.   He apologized for not having the dish I wanted and told me when it would be available next.   The waiter could have done that.  They then spilled a drink over the back of my coat.  They got me a new drink, blah blah blah..... 2 of 5 stars for a chain restaurant.
4	We came here when we couldn't get in at Texas Roadhouse on a birthday. Very pleased that we did. The steaks are outstanding, and the selection - including some nice shrimp dishes - is fairly extensive. Some of the desserts are also very good. They offer either classic grill or a wood grill. It's ostensibly Australian, but that doesn't really extend much past the decor. ("Good day, Outback. May I help you?" Really?? It's "G'daaay", c'mon...)
1	Too salty.  Server was interruptive to our conversation.  Manager was also interruptive and checked in 4 times.  Don't you trust your employees?
1	Worst Outback experience ever!We were headed to the Dells and decided to stop or lunch. Let me preface this with I always trusted Outback to be decent food especially when traveling. We stopped here for lunch which we thought would be quick since it was pretty empty. Our visit however turned into an hour long stay. This would be acceptable I guess if we ordered steak but we ordered salads and soup. Seriously how long does it take to make a salad when you have 5 tables. Our waitress was atrocious. First she never brought bread to our table. It took her 30 minutes to bring my son's grilled cheese and she never refilled our glasses of water or asked if we needed refills. In fact it was hard for us to pinpoint where she was. By the time our salads came out they were soggy from the dressing. My husband's chicken sandwich was cold salty and the bread was soggy, the fries were the only edible part of his meal. What was even more annoying was the people at the table next to ours received their salads minutes before we did and they received bread without asking. All I can say is if you see this place keep on driving.
5	OK, so maybe this place had a major turn around? I eat out 4 times a week because of my job and tonight I went with 3 co-workers and had wonderful meals and service. My grilled salmon and lobster tail was excellent and everyone else enjoyed their meal and service very much. Overall a great experience!. Oh, and the young lady that was offering samples was super sweet and even let us try a few things while we had our dinner.  I am a VERY picky restaurant patron but I would definitely go back to this Outback location.
2	I gave them two stars bc the place is mediocre at best. The outback used to be one of our favorite places to eat however it has gone down hill. I could take it or leave it. My husband orders a half rack of ribs every single time we go. About a good 75% of the time he gets a skimpy half rack of ribs with about 5 fries. There portion sizes and quality have significantly declined. It's inconsistent and nothing great anymore.
4	Excellent steak dinner.  Great kids menu.  Grandson's loved the kids ribs, macaroni and cheese and kids steak dinner. Went on a Saturday night and while we waited for our table they came around with samples of steak and salmon to try. Very good service and friendly wait staff.
4	Usually Im embarrassed to admit i frequent chain restaurants. I had a gift card here - for the record. Aside from personal shame, my steak was exceptional! Better than my dry ass steak at Smokeys!
2	I normally really like outback. This one has slow and not so good service.
1	I went there because I had a couple of free gift cards.We did the call ahead setting for 6:15pm we got there around 6:10 and waited till around 6:20. At this point we were told to follow our hostess to the table. Ohh wait we haven't cleaned your table yet. So finally around 6:30, when we were able to be seated. We asked out Hostess what the "Outback Special" was, she told me it changes every day, and to ask out waitress. Our waitress was shortly at our table and took our drink order and our appetizer order. About this time a couple at the next table were seated. (more on them later). When we asked the waitress what the outback special was she said "it's a steak". Everything was going fine, and it was around 7:30 and were were still waiting for our salads/soups. When I looked at the couple who were seated after us,they were getting their entrees. Finally at around 7:45 we got our cold soups and warm salads, My soup had been sitting so long it had that film on the top. Our waitress said they have new people in that back and they are are running behind, they have only been there a few weeks. Finally our food came and then the manager came on her own accord to say the kitchen was running behind. When our food came you can tell that had been sitting for a while as it wasn't "fresh" hot.Everything else went well, after that. Overall: I'm not stupid, I knew my food was sitting in the pass for awhile and it's been forgotten about. Don't give me a line, tell me the truth. Comping me a blooming Onion doesn't make good for forgetting about a customer, and then not telling the truth.
4	7/11/13 My wife and I stopped at the Outback Steakhouse and sat in the bar area.  We shared the avocado crab stack appetizer while enjoying a Fosters and a gin martini.  The crab stack was really tasty with a pinch of lime and a dash of Tabasco.  I had the strip with asparagus and mashed potatoes and my wife had Victoria's mini filet with crab legs, asparagus, and baked potato.  We doubled the crab legs to share.  The steaks came out as ordered, medium rare.  We drank it down with a Coppola red wine.  Then we moved on to coffee and carrot cake.  I loved the carrot cake, but the coffee not so much.  It was a really nice time.
2	2nd time we have tried this Outback.  First time was a pretty frustrating experience, but it was a busy Friday night, so we thought we would give them a try for Sunday lunch when they weren't as busy.  After 2 lousy experiences we won't be back. Service is just very slow and at no point of the meal did we feel like the server cared. Tried the steak nachos. Not bad but so small they weren't worht the money.  Soup and salad all you can eat is not badly priced, but the salad dressings are awful and the sald itself had nothing to remember by.  Potato soup not bad, but not great.  You need to be very patient to get full at this location as they brought the salad and then it was close to 15 minutes before they brought the first bowl of soup.  Maybe we will try the westside location, but probably not. Too many other places to eat that give much better service and value for the dollar.
1	wish ZERO was an option!!!!!!nearly an hour and half for our dinner to arrive at out table and then it was the wrong order!!!three of the four plates were done. so when an additional 15 mins passed to cook fourth plate, the other three were COLD!!!!taking the appetizer off the bill after this nonsensical horse crap is plain stupidBOO YOU OUTBACK BOO TO YOU AND YOUR INCOMPETENCE
2	Steak was overcooked.  Had to wait for new steak while everyone else ate. Then they added mushrooms and onions to my bill, which I neither ordered or received.  Took over 15 minutes to get correct bill. Food was good otherwise.
1	If I could give this less than 1 star I would. Service was terrible. They were out of a bunch of different foods. How do you run out of rice?! The waiter couldn't care less. Dirty silverware. Total lack of caring by any of the employees. Took forever to get bread. Didn't get our drink order right...4 waters. Really? Avoid this place. Worst dining experience I've had in Madison...
4	Ok, I gave Outback 4 stars.  Now, I have to put this into perspective.  It's Outback Steak House...a chain restaurant.  I would normally give chains a lower star but we had a good experience.  You're going here because it's convenient and you know it.  You're not going to Outback to get the most amazing food experience.  So...we got seat at the bar because we wanted a couple drinks first.  The bartender was sociable and friendly.  We decided to eat at the bar because it wasn't very crowded (it was a Friday night which we noticed but whatever).  We both ordered a steak.  Our salad came quickly and it was what we expected...iceberg, few veggies, big croutons.  Whatever, we were hungry.   The steaks were done how we ordered.  It was good and like the other times we're been there.  They are consistent.  My bar is always low at chains but I always get what I'm expecting at Outback.  Thus the 4 stars.
4	We had a real good lunch here. Our waiter was very friendly & attentive. Steaks were very tasty. We were very satisfied with our lunch. The only disappointment was that the hostess seated us right next to another booth with young children. There were plenty of open booths in the restaurant that she could have given more space between us & the other customers.
2	Gotta hand it to Outback for their consistency in that I can always count on terrible service.Every time I come, I order the same salad, usually from to-go because it's on my way home from work.  Nine times out of ten, the salad is wrong.  The only thing I customize is asking that they hold the tomatoes.  I have gotten the wrong ingredients, lack of ingredients, the wrong salad, someone else's meal or disgusting old leaves that looked like they'd been outside in our recentish heat wave for a few hours.Yes, it is my fault because I kept returning, but I guess I try to believe places can change.  And I love the dressing on this salad and cannot duplicate it to save my life.  Outback gets an extra star from me for that dressing.  When they remember to put it in the bag, it's truly amazing.We all know what hope springs eternal though.
1	I had a piece of metal wire in my soup. The server brought us a new carafe of wine to make up for the error. However myself and one other guest were going to barely finish the first one we had ordered. One of us has a bit of a history with drinking, and occasionally rewards self for good behavior. Having a free bottle appear was not good for keeping that discipline. So instead of asking what he could do for us, he just took it upon himself to bring the wine. Unwanted, not touched, not cool.Thrity minutes later, at the end of the meal I asked for the check and to speak to a manager so I could get his response to the object in the soup. I shouldn't have had to ask, he should have come to me. While waiting I called the customer service number for Outback and reported my experience. I had previously told the host and the server that I intended to pay my bill but I just wanted to talk to a manager, who arrived about one minute after I finished the call with Outback corporate headquarters. He took my debit card and check and disappeared for about ten minutes.When he returned he had a pleasant, glowing smile and handed me the check folder with the check and my debit card inside. I could see it had been zeroed out. Wow. All he had to do to get his head right was go back to his office, take a call from corporate, and realize he had better not take one penny from me. Do you think I'm stupid? If he himself wanted to comp the meal he didn't have to go through the charade of taking my debit card to the kitchen for ten minutes.His expression and body language was so overly gracious when he showed me the zero check. As if he were doing me a great favor.I ended up getting some gift cards, so I decided to give them another try. At a later date I went in EARLY IN THE LUNCH HOUR just to get a visual inspection, since other previous visits had the place dirty. I went to the hostess stand and told her I found the bathroom filthy and all the child booster seats completely covered in food. I mean every single high chair and booster, and every one of them really bad.She had a smug, disinterested expression since she knew I was just complaining and leaving. It went in one ear and out the other.A few nights later I called ahead and asked for a manager. I told him of all this, and told him that, against my better judgement, I was willing to give them one last try. I warned him that I would be especially looking at the cleanliness of the bathroom and what I had previously seen at the booster seats, and that I'm coming in with children.I arrived a while later, took my son to the restroom. One urinal was completely covered in urine, there were wet paper towels and toilet paper on the floor and the. On my way out I noticed on particular triangle shaped piece of paper towel on the floor between the two bathrooms. The kid seats were not as bad as the previous visit, but not great. Granted they would likely be wiped down before being given to a family but they shouldn't be sitting there dirty.An hour and a half later, I returned to the bathroom and found it in EXACTLY the same untouched state. That little triangle of paper was moved slightly from people walking around but it was right there.I brought my concerns to the kitchen manager. I told her of my concerns that any establishment that takes hygiene shortcuts where the customers can see could potentially be taking worse shortcuts behind closed doors. She assured me that her standard at her primary job as kitchen manager is extremely high and sometimes gets grumbling from her employees that she's too harsh, picky and particular. That's a good thing. Well her high standards didn't prevent us from getting a stack of wet, oily bread plates.Hey restaurant managers, do you really think your rushed servers are going to actually take accountability and inspect what they bring to the table? They just trust that the dishwashers did their job.It was like an intentional slap in the face when I had called the dining room manager and said, "Hey, red alert! On my way! I didn't like your dirty bathrooms and kid seats! I have gift cards from a previous bad experience! I'll be checking out the bathrooms!" and then, to find, among all things, that the bathroom was horrible when I got there and untouched for the next 90 minutes.And the hygiene nazi in the kitchen is putting out dirty plates.They asked me to give them time to turn things around. Here's an idea: supervise and hold people accountable. Surprise inspections. Show up on your off time and see if your employees are bullshitting you
4	This was my first time at outback, and I was pretty impressed. I had a 12oz outback signature sirloin and it was very good, cooked a perfect medium rare and nicely seasoned. The garlic mashed potatoes and Cesar salad were delicious as well. The service was just OK, the staff was friendly but took a long time to come by for drinks and stuff. Overall, it was very tasty, if a bit pricey.
5	I'm astounded by reading the other reviews of this restaurant. I can't remember how the service was, but my steak with crab cakes on top was amazing! It was cooked perfectly, and I ate it all. Just thinking about it now makes me want to go back soon. I'm a pregnant and temporarily reformed carnivore, so that's saying a lot. I will definitely come back again before I get back on the vegetarian wagon, and I will pay more attention to the service. Anything for that steak!
2	I have to say I don't like the steak with unlimited shrimp thing. The steak is bad because of the beef they choose rather than the way they cook. I admit that the waiter here is very nice but I think the most important factor for a good restaurant is the taste of food. I will not come again.
2	Waited over 45 minutes for lunch... Don't come here if you are in a hurry!! The food was alright once it arrived.
2	I stopped in here against my better judgement, because a friend had told me they had a 2-for-1 happy hour on draft beers. We agreed to meet there and to give the happy hour a try. Arrived at around 5:30pm on a Tuesday; place was largely empty. I'm normally a *huge* fan of sitting at the bar, be it a formal place, upscale venue, typical restaurant, or a dive bar. The service tends to be much better, and it's always fun to watch the activities in the area. I also enjoy befriending the bartenders and chit-chatting with them.I sauntered up to the bar; a lone bartender was behind the bar. I grabbed a seat and tried to get a glimpse of the tap handles. Hmm. Nothing too exciting - Miller Lite, Bud Light, Spotted Cow, Stella Artois, Sam Adams Lager, Sam Adams Seasonal (no description) and one that I couldn't make out... I assumed it was Fosters, because of the Australian theme (even though native Australians don't generally like Fosters much; they prefer XXXX (Four-X), or at least they did when I lived there a while back).The bartender came over and asked what I'll have. I counter with, "Two quick questions if you don't mind?"Him: "Ok..."Me: "What's the center tap handle there? The one that's turned sideways? Is it Fosters?"Him: "What else would it be?"Me: "Wasn't quite sure - couldn't tell because it's a plain silver handle. Cool, though. And, is it true that your happy hour features 2-for-1 draft beers?"Him: "Not true. We never did that."Me: "Hmm. My friend said that you may have done it at one point. Can I have a minute to wait for them to arrive, and we'll decide from there?"Him: huge eye roll, "Yeah, I guess."What's with the 'tude? Sorry for being curious and uncertain about a few things. My friend arrived and asked why I hadn't grabbed a couple of brews; I explained the situation. They said, "No way. I've had the 2-for-1 many times before." Bartender came back to ask what we'd like, and my friend inquired about the happy hour 2-for-1; bartender said, "Like I told this guy, we've never done that."We said, "Thanks, but no thanks." And went to Brews Brothers, where they had a great happy hour - $3.50 pints of anything you wanted.2-stars because I've been to Outback before and wasn't turned-off. This visit; however, was a big turn-off. Won't  be back anytime soon.
