4	I stayed here overnight en route Ottawa. You are pretty much paying for the location. All in one morning, we visited  Old Montreal, Chinatown and St. Denis (a street with restaurants and pubs) walking. The rooms are very minimal. Yes there are two flights of stairs if you get the room on the third floor, but if you have a carry on it is pretty manageable. The bed was really comfortable that my boyfriend and I missed breakfast. Couple of tips:1. Note that only one person would be able to log on the wi-fi at the same time in one room.2. Giovanni (one of the owners) is very helpful. Ask him for directions and ways to get around.3. The reception desk has limited hours, call in advance and tell them the exact time you will be arriving so they will be able to open doors for you. Once you are in, you'll get security codes to get inside.4. They only have soap. Be sure to get toiletries in advance (There is a bodega-like place right next door, and there is a big pharmacy right down the street).If you are looking for luxurious hotel experience, this is not the place for you. If you are on a budget, need to get to places and a solid bed to sleep, Hotel Stay Centre Ville will suffice all your needs.
4	I had a nice stay here. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rates are very reasonable and the rooms are smartly decorated. The bed was really comfortable. Breakfast was thrown in as well--though it wasn't necessarily anything to write home about. The location was ideal for seeing the city as well. If you want something that's nice and you're on a budget, I would definitely recommend it!
4	Inexpensive, centrally located, clean, and staffed by friendly bi-lingual people. It's a small, slightly old building, blink and you'll miss it, but the rooms while small are modern and bright. Ours had a flat screen tv and the bathroom, (again, small) was clean and sheik. Perfect place to lay your head while exploring the city, after all, you're there for Montreal, not the hotel.
1	honestly people? we booked there because of those comment but hey, looks like we hadn't the same experience there. this hotel is such a CRAP. it's dirty, noisy, cold, bed is awful, they touch your clothes in the room, breakfast is disgusting and not fresh at all, wifi never works, front desk is always closed (we've been stucked outside for more than 30 minutes and had to call the booking phone number to know the door code and ask for someone). I tell you, NEVER again.
4	I can honestly say I was pretty happy with my stay at this hotel.  I was staying 2 extra days for vacation after working 10 days in the city, and I wanted a hotel near the Latin Quarter.  For $35/night, Hotel Stay fit the bill.When I walked in, I met the owner and had a nice chat with him about my travels.  Seems we have a bit in common as I'm heading to Israel and he's been there, so he gave me some tips.I stayed in room #2, which was just up the stairs.  My bed was comfortable, and I was pretty happy to find out there was laundry service just down the hall.  The washer and dryer were $2 each, but I had to run the dryer twice since I had so much laundry.  This beat the hell out of wading through the snow to a laundromat!The 747 bus to the airport was a quick two blocks away, as was the bus stop to many areas of Montreal.I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.
