5	I had to try it....Nice place tucked in a strip mall right near Rays Pizza and Discount Tire. It seats more then it looks like it can but the decor is comfortable. They are nice and friendly, seem to know the regulars, and appreciate the new folks too. I had the special of the day. Roast Beef in a French Bread roll, hot, with horeseradish mayo, pepperchenies, red onion and rare roast beef sliced with sharp cheddar melted over the top. Served with Homemade potatoe salad and a pickle. It also comes with a cookie for desert. They serve breakfast and lunch, and was told the breakfast is awesome. They have Coke "on tap" and everything else in a cooler. Yep even Mt Dew. My only gripe is i could not afford to eat here everyday.
5	It looks like this might be a monthly type of place for me. Being slightly over one month since last visit and with the economy sucking even more, I was curious to find out if the place was still open and if the food was still good. Yes and Yes I had the chicken salad on wheat, pickle and kettle chips. Oh and the cookie. The sandwich was good size, plenty of substance and tasted great. The kettle chips were good but I am not a huge fan of chips. The pickle was garlicky yum and the cookie was great. The staff is really cool. The younger server/hostess is a little rude seeming but I think it is her parents place. I can't blame her! See you next month.
4	This place is great! I have been there a couple of times in the last few months. Stopped by on my way home for a hike with the fam and had breakfast. Boy was I surprised , it was wonderful. I had  southwest breakfast burrito is out of this world.. So much flavor and good size portion to boot. My wife had the fritata and she said it was great. My son had a biscuit (he is only 15 moinths old) and gobbled it down. The service was ok but the staff was young and didint really grasp proper customer service. Not a big deal in my book if the food is great.I cant wait to go back and have something else.Later.
2	Had good expectations but was let down with poor service and sub par food
5	I am always skeptical about any restaurant that opens in my neighborhood. Many have been disappointing, at best. Heart and Soul Cafe restored my faith. I've only eaten there once and it was for breakfast. I was delighted to see a full two pages of interesting, creative options for breakfast. This place is run by someone who is interested in food, not just selling stuff. I had the breakfast basil sandwich. It wasn't just an egg on a crappy bagel, but an egg with crispy bacon, creamy goat cheese, fresh basil and tomato on a soft/chewy bagel. The side of potatoes was a mixture of white, sweet and blue potatoes. I'm not certain, but I think they are baked rather than fried. In any case, they were not at all greasy and were entirely delicious. Service was fine and the place is comfortable and clean. It's the kind of place I'd be willing to drive 30 minutes to visit. All the better that I can WALK there. I can't wait to go back again and again!!! Hope dinner is as good as breakfast.
3	My family and I dropped by this little cafe on our way home from the hot air ballon festival. It is a great setup. Very homey, and comfortable.. My daughter ordered the meatball meal on the kids menu... she loved it... my complaint..  All the items on the "kids" dinner menu were $5.99.. ouch.  Sodas where $2.25 each..(not included with kids meal)My husband and I split the mushroom burger.. $13! It was a good meal, but it was a very pricy meal for a "cafe". We all enjoyed the meal very much, and would return for more if it wouldn't cost us $40+ and have to split a meal to get there. Good, but to pricy to make it a regular place to visit :(
4	We rolled into HSC around 9:30 Sunday morning.  Luckily, we snagged one of the last couple of tables before folks had to wait a bit.  Turns out the breakfast food is five stars all the way.  Even though I don't like to wait for a table, I would for the amazingly diverse and tasty breakfast. My wife had the Roasted Veggie Omelet and I had a special called "Some Like it Hot".  After two bites of her omelet, my wife, Lucie, declared it her new all time favorite.  The peppers, asparagus, and other veggies were grilled to perfection. Inside was also just the right amount of cream cheese and seasonings.  The potatoes were a nice colorful mix cooked just right.The Some Like it Hot is an imaginative southwestern twist on breakfast.  It has two jalapeno corn cakes, three strips of spicy jalapeno infused bacon, and two eggs.  Whoa...this was amazing.  I put my two over medium eggs on top of the corn cakes and let the yolk run down all over.  This was heaven on earth...the warm yolk was a perfect compliment to the savory corn cake.  I want these again NOW! The service, on the other hand, was a solid three stars.  Our waitress was very much "to the point", didn't smile, and seemed annoyed we were there.  It looked as though another server was late for work and she was letting it affect her service.  One of the waiters looked as though he hadn't changed clothes in a week...and maybe hadn't slept in as long.Check out the web site for their menu and you will be impressed.  Assuming the service was just a one time glitch, I'm looking forward to coming back and increasing to five stars.
4	I come here with my son every other weekend, and it's more than worth the 12+ mile one-way trip.  The food is always well prepared, and the service is excellent.  Great looking place too.  Try the Crazy Biscuits, my favorite!
4	After eating there the first time right after they opened, I thought I would give them another try to see if they worked out the kinks.  Boy am I glad I did!  The service was so much better.  The breakfast was excellent ( you've GOT to try the pancakes)!  We are now a fan and will make this our new Sunday place to go since Kashman's has closed.  LOVE IT!
5	We have now eaten breakfast, lunch and dinner at the Heart and Soul Cafe and can say with 100% certainty that EVERY meal rocks!For breakfast, the granola raspberry pancakes OR the Italian sausage Fritatta , both at only 8.99, will make you want to try everything on the menu.For lunch, a fresh peach salad with grilled chicken OR a chicken salad sandwich, served with homemade chocolate chip cookies fresh from the oven, really hit the spot.For dinner, the  buttermilk fried chicken is worth the trip. Served with country pork gravy, it is like no other fried chicken you have ever tasted. and that's saying a mouthful!  We came back the NEXT night and ordered the salmon with fresh mango salsa served over grilled asparagus and baby roasted sweet, blue, red and white potatoes. WOW, a burst of fresh flavor combinations in every bite.Dessert, that is another area where Chef Sheila (the owner) shines! The red velvet cake with chocolate sauce is in a class by itself. The hot nut pie with vanilla ice cream, to die for. The apple cake served with hot cider sauce, mmmmmmmmmmmm...the temptations never stop.When you combine the relaxing and fun atmosphere, the superior menu offerings, with specials that change nightly, and the value,  you will not find a better home cooked meal in the Valley.Heart & Soul says it all.  They care about every detail.
3	I'm very torn on how many stars to give Heart & Soul.I have been here for breakfast only!The food is great - consistant quality and usually the perfect amount of food. I really like the pumpkin pancakes but they probably won't have them for much longer. Also, the bloody mary bar on Sundays. Food gets 4.5 stars. However, the service is terrible. Its comical. Not even worth getting frustrated about. I'm sure they mean well but every morning its super disorganized.
4	Outstanding breakfast.  Quality food.  Omelets are wonderful and potatoes are roasted fingerling.  I have to go back for lunch and dinner.
1	Frankly, I'm not sure how service could be worse than at Heart and Soul Cafe.  Heart and Soul?  You've got to be kidding me - this place is seriously lacking in both.  Two visits and never even managed to get food either time.  The food looked promising, and the good reviews (despite the service complaints that other reviewers noted) encouraged us to give this place a second chance.First visit was in October for lunch sometime after 11am.  We were sitting at a table for at least 20 minutes with nary a glance from a waitress or waiter.  When she finally arrived, we were told that it was still breakfast and they weren't serving lunch... so we bailed because we already had breakfast a few hours prior.  No lunch after 11am?  Annoyed after waiting 20+ minutes to find that out.Second try a week ago.  Arrived about 10am for breakfast on a Saturday and was directed to a seat by a busboy.  Once again we sat for a minimum of 20 minutes, and I should have been tipped off with what was to come when none of the tables around us even having been served drinks. I did notice the couple next to us with two children absolutely seething when we walked in.  Finally, they gave up waiting for service and left abruptly.  Seeing them walk out the door, someone (the manager I'm assuming) confronted the waitress and asked, "Come on!  Did nobody take care of them?" to which she replied, "I thought so-and-so had that table!"  The waitress then rushes over and throws (yes, THROWS... making noise... incredibly rude) the abandoned silverware and single menu onto our table and stated in a very annoyed tone, "I'll be back with more menus."  Frankly, we're pretty easygoing so I thought I would give her the benefit of the doubt and perhaps she would come back with a new attitude after taking a deep breath.  Wrong!   No only did she throw manhandled silverware (remember, there were two kids at the prior table sitting for a long time with nothing to do), wrinkled napkins, and a single menu onto our table - SHE NEVER CAME BACK!  We waited another 5 minutes or so (attempting to share a single menu with 4 people) and she didn't return.   I have to say that this was the most stressful restaurant experience I have ever had.  Will never return and will tell anyone in Cave Creek who will listen what an awful experience I had.
4	We've eaten here a handful of times.  It is located next to our yoga studio, so it is very convenient.  We sit inside (sometimes in the cool car and take pictures) and more often, when it's nice outside, we sit outside on the patio.  We've been here for breakfast and lunch and have always been satisfied.  The service is always friendly and they don't mind if you stay for a leisurely meal and talk if there is not a line waiting.I love the Cobb salad here as well as the tuna salad sandwich with almonds.  It came with a homemade cookie yesterday which was a nice treat.I have to mention that their (in-season) pumpkin pancakes are absolutely heavenly!
4	It's Saturday night and we are sick of national chain restaurants. So a stop at Heart and Soul seemed in order.  It was 6 pm and it was fairly empty. So choice of seating was ours. Service was friendly and relatively quick. My wife order a Flat-bread pizza, my teenage vegetarian daughter, the Veggie Tacos and I ordered the the Grilled Chicken and Vegetable Salad.  All were outstanding.  The Pizza was more than enough for one, and everyone else was full when done. My wife and daughter shared a Strawberry Empanadas which they said was excellent. Price was a bit steep for 3 at $77 with tip and no alcohol being ordered.
5	Love Love Love Heart and Soul!  Their food is always fresh, made from scratch and sooo satisfying.  We usually go for breakfast but have been for lunch and dinner as well.  Order from their daily special menu, you won't be disappointed.  Lemon Ricotta or Strawberry cream pancakes - Yum!  For more of a savory flavor, anything with thier green chili in or on it is great.  Also love thier eggplant parm.  An unusual but delicous interpretation.The only thing they have that I do't like is their jalepeno cheese sauce.  To me cheese is cheese, no need to make a sauce out of it.  Also the service has steadily improved since they have opened. Will defiately be back as often as I can.
4	This is a cute independently-owned restaurant in the Cave Creek/Carefree area. I have gone for breakfast twice. The food is unique with good quality fresh items. The ambiance is creative with a classic car in the restaurant as a table. It is a small place with indoor and outdoor seating and a small bar. The service is friendly. They were just on the Food Network's new show, Outrageous Foods for their breakfast creation, The Suicide Stack, which has 13 layers of food in one dish that feeds four. I like the Granola Raspberry Pancakes and their Green Pork Chili. Looking forward to trying lunch and dinner. Nice to have something new in the North Scottsdale/ Carefree area that is not a pricey dinner place or a breakfast chain. Note that they only serve breakfast on Sundays. No lunch menu items. This would be my only disappointment. I still think it is a fun, casual place to enjoy a quality meal.
4	Just had breakfast there a couple of weeks ago.  We live right down the road but somehow kept forgetting about this place. Stopped in for breakfast on a Sunday morning and were amazed at how awesome the food was. I had oatmeal cookie pancakes and my boyfriend had the green chili pork with eggs and country gravy. Both of our breakfasts were fantastic. My only complaint was I was freezing on their patio. There were heaters everywhere but none were on.
4	Got back for the Wed nite all you can eat fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and spinach w vegetables.  You cannot go wrong with this meal at $9.99.  The lamb burger w feta also delicious.
5	We went out for a family brunch one Sunday. This place was great. Atmosphere was nice and the staff was amazing and friendly. The food was great too.
2	I've been to Heart and Soul two times and both times, the service was horrible.  While the food is great, love the pancakes, I just can't get beyond the horrible service.  The first time we had to beg for silverware and water over and over again. I know what you're thinking and no, we're not high maintenance like most restaurant guests, but simple things, like silverware are a must when you dine out.Our attempted second adventure to Heart and Soul never really happened.  We sat and waited and waited some more.  After 12 minutes, we were never greeted nor did anyone stop by to bring us water.I don't get it.  You have awesome food and your establishment could be so much more, so why settle with the horrible staff?  Hire a real front of the house manager, someone who knows operations and have them work out these simple things that are harmful to your business.I will never go back and it's a shame.  The place has potential.
2	The food was decent, portions were small. But atmosphere was horrible, more bar like than cafe like.  Crowded, went on Sunday around noon and could not get lunch.  The music was loud, went to the ladies room and there were TWO toilets in one bathroom (no stalls) and the music was even louder in there.  Too bad as it is fairly close to home and with the name I thought it would be more of a clean food kind of place!
4	Came to Heart and Soul with a group of 7. Our friends had seen it on Outrageous Food and decided to try it out the morning after a sleepover (our friends live far, so when we party, we prefer them to spend the night rather than drive after drinking). It was near noon on a Sunday when we got there, and there weren't many people. The menu is vast and made it difficult to decide what to order. Four of our group decided to conquer the Suicide Stack. Another had something off the specials menu...something like "momma's fried chicken." The Stack was devoured. 13 layers and it all looked good. I had one of the jalapeno cheese poppers off the top - yum!I split with a friend the chilaquiles & eggs and the jumbo wet burrito. Both items were made with the awesome green pork chili. It was spicy (an 8 by their rating of hotness), but really really tasty. Some of the chips of the chilaquiles were pretty hard, but smothered in chili, they got soft. Topped with queso fresco...yum! The burrito was filled with chorizo (cooked perfectly), scrambled eggs, cheese, white/blue/sweet potatoes, and topped with the green chili. I loved the variety of potatoes - to me, that shows the true love and dedication of the chef, rather than using generic, plain, normal potatoes.I ordered the prickly pear lemonade. It was fantastic! The bartender made 2 and said the other is in case someone else wants to try it. I drank them both. Although it wasn't dirt cheap, $110 for the 7 of us, will definitely make the 30-min drive again!
5	Had the suicide breakfast  here today with 7 other people and it was awesome!  The food was great and the service was really good, too. The owner/chef makes the 13 layer breakfast and then delivers it to the table personally. They advertise as feeding four people but 7 of us could barely finish it!! We saw the restaurant on the food network & knew we wanted to try on a visit ti Phoenix area - it was totally worth the trip!!
4	Came to this place based off the plain fact my parents cant stop talking about this place, plus they have spicy biscuits and gravy. Whats that you say? Spicy Biscuits and Gravy? Why yes, thats beacuse its covered in green chile pork!!!!Came up from Paradise Valley area to tear up this place for breakfast on a Monday morning. Wasnt crowded at all when we got there, we were asked to pick a table, the one table I like i guess wasnt clean so got denied. Ended up picking another table. Not sure what the deal is with the decor in there, half of the tables are all black and the other half are of oak color. Might be the heart and soul theme I dont know. Staff was fairly quick. Was offered the Bacon Jalepeno Bloody mary and took them up on it right away (not realizing it was 10 dollars). Bloody mary was spicy and so was the un crispy bacon that sat on top. Unfortunately either the bacon went into the drink hot or the mix wasnt cold either way entire drink never was considered an iced beverage.I had to go with the crazy biscuits and it was very good. Plate had 2 biscuits, 1 had the green chile on it with gravy and an egg on top and the other had just reg gravy on it with the egg. Very excellent and had a perfect heat to it. Couldve used a larger portion along with less dense biscuits. Would order again though.My lady had the bacon blueberry pancakes. It was massive in size and tasted great. Nothing like big fat pancakes!!!We fought a variety of flies at our table the entire time we were there. Cant really blame the place for this but makes for a
5	I love this place! I've come with my family, met friends there several times, and I've even brought my ultra-picky relatives a time or two! The food is always absolutely incredible, and there really is something for everyone.I am not a breakfast person, but I love breakfast at Heart and Soul! I'm a vegetarian and really prefer fresh, organic food, so it can sometimes be tricky to find good stuff at other restaurants. Not here! Although there are several things for me to choose from, I can't seem to get away from the veggie omelet. It's got yummy seasonal veggies inside, along with oh-so-good goat cheese and the perfect amount of spices. It's served with blue/white/sweet potatoes - fancy and tasty! There are lots of other things on the menu that others at my table have tried and loved, but I'm always so wrapped up in my own flavor sensation that I can't say I've really paid attention to what they've ordered, only their, "OMG! This is soooo good!" noises. :)I've been to H&S for lunch several times and can't seem to move beyond the salad menu, although there are lots of other things. I never order salads at restaurants because I hate ordering things I can easily make at home, but they have such a nice combination of fresh things and tasty dressings that I order one every time. I have had the grilled veggie sandwich once, though, and although it was pretty good, I was back to a salad on my next trip.I have read a lot of negative reviews regarding service. Although there have been times when things have been a bit slow, I've never had a problem with going up to a staff person and asking for what I need. They get busy, so I understand. It's a small-town-type place, though, so the owner/chefs are super friendly and love to come out and talk when they have time. I think that, if you're not accustomed to a diner-type atmosphere where wait staff is made up of your own neighbors, you might see it differently.I will continue to go to Heart and Soul whenever I can swing it. I'd love to see this place stick around for a long, long time!
5	Tried this place out this weekend.  Fantastic!  And we had zero issues with service even though they were busy so perhaps they have been working on that.  Don't miss the bacon bloody mary but beware it has a bite!
5	Gave my Heart to Heart & Soul. Tip: get on their email and get some amazing deals.
5	This is my favorite place to eat breakfast in Az. and its because of the menu. This place does not have just eggs and bacon with toast. All the dishes  are jacked up like jalapeno hollandaise for the eggs Benedict and my fave is the country fried steak covered in there country gravy and then topped with green chile pork and then two eggs and multi color potatoes for the side. I posted a pic of this dish! It is even better then it sounds if that's possible. This place is a little bit of a drive for me but so worth it. The service is great and its like a family place. They treated us like regulars since the first time we went. They also have a really cool 57 Chevy inside that has been converted into a booth. I like breakfast but I don't want to go unless its extra special and this place is it for me.
3	Have been here several times.  Always great food.  Service was also great like always.  However, (and our waiter seemed hesitant when he dropped off the check) to have an auto-gratuity of 20% with a 6 top seemed awfully high, especially without any notice beforehand.  We've had groups of 8 and more and never had that before here. Don't get me wrong service was great and I would have done 20%, but either let me know ahead of time or let ME make the choice!
3	I want desperately to like this place. I keep going back in the hopes that things will change, improve somehow.  Yet each time I am confronted with one disaster after another.  The last time, it was roasted potatoes that were still frozen in the middle.  Before that, wrong cocktail order (but major points for a breakfast joint that serves booze), repeated requests for silverware/creamer/sugar ignored.  Our friends always rave about this  place and swear our bad experiences (three in total) are uncharacteristic of the restaurant. I keep trying, but so far no luck.
4	Wanted to stop by based on the television show Outrageous Food! I had the Crazy Cowboy! Based on what I thought was going to be a different kind of breakfast. I am really happy I had it! The Crazy Cowboy is a chicken fried steak, smothered with beans, scrambled eggs, topped off with there chili verde! I was very happy with this meal! Their Chili Verde is one of the best I have had in a while. Daughter wanted to try a apple pancake, very different, not bad. I am just a plain type of pancake person. Wife had their eggs, bacon, and potato breakfast. Their potato's are very different! Has a mixture of red, white, purple potato's with the sweet potato's. Not bad! Over all we had a very good breakfast, if we are ever in the area again, we will come back again!!! One thing! Dude! If you're going to have a night of passion with your lady or guy!! Cover up your neck! Wear a turtle neck or something! Or maybe call in sick! Not something a lot of people want to see!!!
4	Nice and small place. I had the rustic pie, and I love it. Very friendly and kind staffHighly recommended
4	The food was great service was good. Very friendly place. Will definitely return
2	We came here with my in-laws. They had been here before and liked it. We visited for a late lunch and the restaurant had a fe patrons. I was very surprised at the aloofness of the staff. Considering how slow it was, I was impressed at the amount of time the food took to come out of the kitchen. The kitchen staff stepped out to the front of the restaurant, appearing bored perhaps, while we sat and waited. The food was not a tall order, and besides a few sandwhiches and a veggie salad, none of the food should have taken 30 minutes to prepare. The waitress was kind, but stayed far away during the entire time we were waiting for food, not once coming by to let us know the status of the order (big No-No, if you ask me). In the end, everyone seemed satisfied with the food itself. Salmon, and roast beef sandwiches were good. I had the roasted vegetable salad that left much to desire. The eggplant was almost absent and hard, the other vegetables were diced into small cubes, which were not appetizing, and again, very minimal. It was mostly greens. The dressing seemed like it was out of a bottle, not bad, but nothing you can't toss at home. I visit Arizona a few times a year, but I won't be going out of my way to come back to Heart and Soul Cafe. So sorry.
4	The food here is ALWAYS excellent.  The service is sometimes spotty but the atmosphere is fun and clean.The food is what its all about anyway isn't it?  The food is creative, always delicious and always very generous portions.  I love to come to Heart and Soul for breakfast where I can enjoy the bacon and blueberry pancakes or for lunch where every single sandwich I have ever ordered was scrumptious and where the chicken burger is divine, or make it for dinner and have really awesome chicken, fish, pasta, ham or steak.....I am getting hungry just thinking about this place. YUM!
2	Food here was delicious, i would have given 5 stars if it wasn't for the service. Yes, service was that bad. And I believe Matt our server was the owner or manager. All of our table got the feeling that we were bothering him somehow, it wasn't even busy. He would run away as soon as he dropped off our drinks before we could even ask for cream for coffee, I stared at him for 20 minutes trying to get his attention before I retired and asked another server who looked much busier than him. Same story with our food, he HANDED us our food to pass around to whoever it belonged to and ran away as soon as his hands were free- wait ranch! Everything look ok? Nope, he was gone. And didn't return until he brought the check, joy. No eye contact, smile, or thanks for coming in. We will not be returning.
2	I am going to preface this review by saying that I am pretty sure my experience was atypical. My parents live in the area and eat here all the time and have had none of the same problems. This is the worst service I have had at a restaurant in recent memory. The food was fine (what of it they had) but the service was absolutely mind-blowingly bad. First of all, our server didn't write anything down. I HATE it when servers do this, especially at small restaurants. We asked if the Arizona Cheesesteak had bell peppers - the server took the menu out of my boyfriend's hand, perused it, and continued to take my order. I gave my order - tuna sandwich with sweet potato fries. The server nodded and continued to look through the menu. After a few more seconds he asked us to repeat our order and then said "Oh sorry we're out of sweet potatoes". Okay, whatever, just chips then.During the rest of our wait for our food we couldn't help but overhear the table behind us, who was having a really hard time with their meals. Their pancakes were cold and had to be sent back and they had no silverware. Their eggs weren't cooked properly and they were just in general pretty unhappy. Our server came to check on us during the wait for no apparent reason, saying "I'll go check on your food". Instead of doing that he proceeded to hang out behind the bar and chat with some other servers, very visibly NOT checking on our food. A few minutes later a different server emerged from the kitchen with our food. My sandwich was fine - was supposed to come with a pickle and a cookie. I asked another (now third) server about the pickle and was informed that they were out. I didn't even bother asking about the cookie - I got the distinct impression that I was bothering everyone and seriously impinging on the staff's ability to chat behind the bar. As we were finishing up our waiter returned and said "So I guess your food wasn't good?". My boyfriend and I looked at each other and said "No, it was fine. I think that was the other table behind us." The server then proceeded to sigh visibly and say "Oh good, it wasn't my table.""Oh good, it wasn't my table.""Oh good, it wasn't my table.""Oh good, it wasn't my table."My boyfriend and I stared at each other in shock for a few minutes before paying and leaving. What. The. Hell.
5	This is the best place in the world ! I love it so much just went there for the first time yesterday & I'm in love with the place is very eccentric the feel of the place was great and my waitress Lexi was so awesome & very astute she knew exactly what I needed to eat there thanks so much!!
5	I've been coming to Heart and Soul for well over a year. At times the service can be spotty but usually that's when it's really busy. Conversely we've had servers go out of their way for our party. Food is homemade and interesting. Very imaginative menu. Great place to bring out-of- towners. I've been here countless times for Breakfast and several times for lunch. I've not been here for dinner but other friends of mine have been there for the Fried Chicken special which they said was really wonderful.
4	Heart and Soul Cafe has the beginnings of a really good place in North Phoenix. My Chilaquiles and Eggs was unconventional, unattractive AND delicious. The sweet and spicy pork chile was prepared just right. Not having hashbrowns on the menu seems like a mistake since they cook them up for some of the dishes, but the roasted potatoes - containing 3 types - was inventive and good. The link sausage was not attractive at all but quite good. The 'Bloody Bacon' bloody mary may have a scary name but was excellent. The other drinks on the menu looked to be inventive but again the naming is odd. The decor like the menu is a mish-mash of really cool items with no central theme or story. Get the overall message? Hear and Soul is good - but lacks a coherent thread for why we should come back. Why is there a car parked in the restaurant, cowboy pictures on the wall and a big animal head? What does that have to do with 'Heart and Soul'? Oh we'll be back, but to be really successful, creating a story will help spread the good word of this place. So it's worth trying while the owner sorts through all that.
1	Have been here several times hoping it would improve-but sadly not. Bad service, dirty(bugs in dirty liquid by my table) So so food-- Too loud music doesnt make for a relaxing breakfast!
5	I don't get all the negative reviews.  Granted, we only went once, but we feel like this is our new breakfast spot.  The food was great.  We had the Sausage Pie, the Heavenly Hash, The Crazy Biscuits and a chocolate chip pancake - EVERYTHING was great.  Everything.  The service was great too.  Coffee and water was always refilled.  There was nothing wrong with our visit.  There was everything right.  : )We'll be back.
4	They must have been reading their reviews! Food was outstanding and service was very attentive! We went on a Saturday, mid morning. They were busy but got us in quickly and brought coffee even quicker (hallelujah!) The waitress recommended the strawberry ricotta pancakes and they were delicious. The waitress was attentive glancing over regularly but not interrupting the conversation. Great experience, we will be back with friends & family!
5	If you are looking for breakfast its the very best place in town. Menu is very creative. The chef comes up with new items consitently. Everything I have had was amazing. I can say that my experiences outside of breakfast have been far from perfect but breakfast is so great I could not imagine giving it any less then 5 stars!!!!
5	2-4-2.  I visited this restaurant twice last week for lunch. Service and food were great!  I read the other reviews about there service, so maybe my expectations were low, but I must say the service was fast, the wait staff personalities were definitely in tune with me.  By the way, the burger was very fresh tasting and 2nd only to the white chocolate grill on mayo.
4	Apple pancakes are delish, and so are the bacon blueberry pancakes.  It's never too busy and the service is fast and friendly.  It's hard to find a good breakfast place these days in this area!
2	I was so surprised to receive my order of pulled pork enchilladas...the two enchilladas were very small and the pork was hard as a rock.  They remade my order, but the wait was really not worth every bite.  I will not order mexican dishes from here.  There beautful breakfast portions are usually worth the wait & price.  Also, my tomato juice was warm.  I had to ask for ice. Very disappointing visit this time.
5	First time, and not the last time. Had the Works Omelet, which came loaded with meat and cheese, not too fluffy on the eggs, amazingly chewy sourdough bread, and a beautiful medley of potato's.My wife had the pancakes (super flavorful, fluffy but dense, and great syrup) with beautiful bacon, perfect amount of meat, not too fatty.All around great experience, and fantastic breakfast food. You must go.
5	Great breakfast and great lunch.  Haven't tried them for dinner yet.  Healthy choices, fantastic waitresses and fun decor.  You can't beat Heart and Soul Cafe!
4	It's been way too long since I've been to the heart and soul cafe. I've been here for breakfast and dinner and both are exceptional . The breakfast is my favorite. There is a lot of love on the plate no matter what your in the mood for. My all time favorite are the crazy biscuits , biscuits and gravy and chili verde. I know it's nit the best thing for you and probably sounds "crazy" together, but believe me it is the best thing if you are craving a over the top breakfast.
2	Absolutely LOVE the food. They get 2 stars for this.Service and cost are rediculous though. Owner: You  are going to lose your business if you don't start working on this.  We used to come often then quit when the service was soo slow and bad. Just bad. Didn't get coffee right away, everyone looks stressed out and disorganized. They nickle and dime you with 3 slices of bacon (really small too) for 4 bucks! and extra for bread too. Then the service got better. They hired different people. Damage control people. Now its back to the way it was. 2 weeks ago we ate outside and after someone else brought us our food, we NEVER saw our waitress again. This weekend it took an hr to get our food and our waitress had lost someones change and she was throwing things behind the counter and looked ready to cry. I was so stressed out when I left there, I said no, not again. Besides that, they said the toast would now come with the Crazy Cowboy (it did 2 weeks ago)b and last week they charged 3 dollars for it and gave my husband his 3 bacon strips and one was a half a piece. For 4 dollars. I know customers can be a pain but we aren't. We know what we want and I will even get up and get my own coffee. Tip: Give everyone their own coffee and water for the table and get organized. And smile like you are happy to be here! We do have choices of other places to go. Especially when breakfast costs us 40 dollars every time my husband and I  come here! And we aren't ordering anything special!
3	Ive had two experiences at the heart and soul cafe. The first time my girlfriend and I enjoyed the best bloody Mary Ive ever had as well as  generous and well cooked breakfast portions. The service was friendly but a bit slow. I'd give it four stars! - I just returned from a poor lunch experience though..Although the service was excellent and our cute server Sherry made us feel at home, the food was a major disappointment. Admittedly it was just before lunch closing but that's not a very good excuse. I took my brother for the famous bloody Mary but it was bland and weak. The once fresh bacon garnish was cold and congealed and I tasted more Ice than Mary..The fried chicken dish was burnt at the sides and dried out..I'm sure It had been sitting for a while - They mixed in some sweet potato fries with the regular fries (probably to make it seem more generous) but both were cold and stale. My brother's burger was also overdone..A two star experience..Two entrees two Mary's and a beer - $60..ouch..
5	Back to 5 stars again! Went again and service was perfect. Is it just hit and miss? Were they just not the busy? Or are they making changes? I will be back!
3	So I read the reviews and I told my daughter the food is allegedly good but the service is allegedly bad.  I live nearby and haven't tried it before so with my out of town daughter in tow we rolled down for breakfast.  Walked in, we're seated quickly and then..... Nothing for at least 10 minutes. At least 10 minutes.  Place was full but it was Saturday am.   My daughter started laughing after  the long wait and said "well yelp got this one right".  The server was nice but they seemed to not have any assigned areas they just wandered to random tables.  They needed at least one more server. My daughter said I guess they don't read yelp reviews.  The food was good but certainly not awesome.  I live 4 minutes away.  If you don't I wouldn't make this a destination restaurant.  Oh forgot some items we asked for.  If you want to eat in Cave Creek drive the extra minutes up to   Harold's or wherever and enjoy the ambiance of our little cowboy town
5	Need to have a really yummy, I'm gonna be bad breakfast? This is it! The bacon bloody will definitely jump start you followed by a unique menu of all sorts of good food! Biscuits and gravy are yum, but we have eaten here a few times and nothing is less than great! Omelets are awesome! If it is your first visit, try to request sitting in the car! It's just plain fun to do! Enjoy!
3	My Husband and I took my Grandma here for the first time this past Mother's Day (I know sorry for the late review).  I was really pleased that they took a reservation for the day because I've heard there can be a long wait.  Upon arrival we were greeted and seated quickly (after they cleared the table).  Our waitress was prompt and nice.  Overall, I like the decor, but the atmosphere felt very crowded and overwhelming to me... maybe it was just because of the holiday.I ordered the crazy biscuits, which I didn't love.  It was very heavy, which was obvious that it would be, but the taste didn't blow me away.  The Hubs had pancakes, which were really good.  My Grandma had the hash, which I didn't try, but she loved.  Based on this experience alone, I would go back considering so many people love it.  I would probably try something completely different though.
3	I don't think it deserves the best of Phoenix but it was ok. Drinks are tasty, bartender was Nice. Server quite strange.
2	I have been a fan of Heart and Soul Cafe since it opened, but unfortunately, I had a bad experience Saturday night. I made reservations and asked to be sat in the car inside the restaurant. I asked 3 times when I made the reservation if they would be able to seat us in the car at the time we would be there. I was assured that we would be. We invited another couple and told them about the car. When we arrived on time for our reservation, there was another couple in the car. They did not even have their food yet, so they had recently been seated. We were told they had been seated one and a half hours ago, which clearly was not the case. We had to sit at a table. So we decided to make the best of the experience. However, the disappointment continued. The drinks came one at a time, with one taking a long time to get to the table. The food arrival was even worse. Two people received their food, while the other two waited about 5 minutes. Then another plate arrived. One of us was still waiting for  food. So now 3 of us are waiting for the 4th person to get their food. It took about 10 more minutes to arrive. After finally getting the food, it tasted great. The drinks were great, but arrived slowly.  When ordering a 2nd drink, it had been made differently. Upon questioning the waiter, he said they ran out of limes, so they used other ingredients. They did remake the drink and it was better. I am on the VIP email they send out and they were offering 2 for 1, which we pointed out to the waiter when we arrived. When we received the bill, it did not have the discounts on it. We had to get the bill corrected. We left with a bad taste in our mouth about the experience and have decided that we probably won't go back. It seems the atmosphere and service has changed and not up to the standards that we have previously experienced.
1	Have tried this place on several occassions, twice for dinner and once for breakfast.  Always have taken a group of friends, and the consensus is the same.  Dinner was absoluely terrible, and breakfast was good but not great. My dinner guest ordered a burger, and you can do a better one at home on the stove, the bun was soggy and the meat was low quality and fatty.  I had a quesadilla, and it was also soggy and completely unmemerable.  The second trip for dinner was no better.  Breakfast is better, but there are better places in the area for breakfast that are a way better value. The biggest problem is the unfriendly owner, and while the decor is great and there is a nice patio area, the overall experience isn't that great.  There are a lot of places to go in this area that have great service, but this isn't one of them.
2	$50 breakfast for two. Average food at best. Not worth the price, and the prices aren't even that high. Horrible service. Nice decor, clean tables and good overall cleanliness.
4	This was the second time I went to Heart and Soul Cafe. I overheard a little conversation that the restaurant was sold, but that everything was going to stay the same. I had two wonderful experiences here, one with friends for lunch about a month ago, and the other last week. Both our servers were warm and attentive. The restaurant is really homey, except for the pretentious 1957 Chevy car booth, which we had to sit in just once for the experience. Interesting how people either love the car or hate it . . . True classic car aficionados can't believe that someone would actually do that to an otherwise glorious specimen!Our lunches, both the first time and the second, were fresh, of good quality, and plentiful. There was no skimping on the sides of potatoes, or on the sandwiches or salads themselves. I do wish they would serve some breakfast items until later in the day, but it gives us another reason to go back. Unlike some other reviewers, we found that we received great value for the price.I hope with the new ownership that nothing changes. You know what they say, "If it ain't broke . . . "
4	Went here for the first time a few days ago.  Breakfast was very good.  Best crispy breakfast potatoes!  The spinach omelet was great.  They have a large dog friendly patio too!  We will be back for lunch sometime.
5	AWESOME! Service, Food, Will be back!
5	Great Breakfast and service
4	My family and I stopped here for breakfast on our way to Sedona. The place is charming and the food exceeded my expectations. I'm not much of a breakfast food person but decided to give the Chorizo Omelette a try. It was delicious; Not greasy or heavy, just delicately flavored with light cheese, avocado, and chorizo. My mom ordered the Bacon & Blueberry pancakes which we all demanded she share (they were out of this world good) and my dad and husband both had the Heavenly Hash which was ok, but lacked potatoes which left them both a bit disappointed. If I'm in the area again, I will definitely be back for some pancakes!
4	Great casual place in strip mall.  Looks like one of those places you'd drive right by without giving two thoughts about.  Well make sure you stop in!!   Great casual menu with inventive salads and fantastic fried chicken!  Try the pork chops with Green Chile sauce too! On Mondays all you can eat Fried Chicken!   But the stealth meal here is breakfast.  Sneaks up on you as its too much better and inventive than you'd expect!  Try the Bloody Mary with Bacon!!
4	$2.00 Mimosa, biscuit and gravy, good coffee. Portions big. Service with a smile.
4	I've had mixed feelings about this place for a while.  On our first visit, the food was tasty but the service was terrible.  On our second visit, they were out of a lot of everything.  I had more or less written this place off.  However, in our neighborhood, restaurants are slim pickins'.  I kept seeing reviews for breakfast/brunch at Heart & Soul and decided to give it a whirl once more.  I'm glad we did.  They offer $3 mimosas on the weekends which were quite tasty (it may have been cheap bubbly but it didn't taste like it).  For those who prefer a hair of the dog, they have a bacon bloody mary that was delicious as well.  My apple pancakes were delicious - clearly homemade and freshly prepared.  I had a bite of the bacon blue pancakes (which were very interesting) as well as the crazy biscuit.   They pride themselves on their pork green chile but I found the real star to be the pork gravy.  Service was attentive and prompt.  I think we have a winner!  :)
1	A couple of years ago, we ventured into Heart and Soul for a mediocre, forgettable but not too terrible an experience.  Last night, we thought we'd give them another try since we heard that they had new owners and had expanded their space to include outside dining.  As we walk up to the place, we notice that the outside dining (which had heaters) was not open.. on a beautiful evening.  So we walk inside and wait to be seated.  We peruse the menu and decided on the Sirloin steak with Blue Cheese.  Our server came over after a while to get our drink order.  It's now 10 minutes into the experience.  I'm looking around and no one has been served anything from the kitchen since we had sat down.  The server comes back to take our dinner order and was shaking her head looking a bit pissed.  When we asked what was wrong, she said that the cooks in the kitchen didn't even tell her that they were out of an item and waited 20 minutes after she had put in that order to tell her to have the customers order something else.  I'd be pissed too - being put in that position by my kitchen staff.  So we ask what they were out of... and of course, it was Sirloin steak.  How are you out of Sirloin steak on a Saturday night at 7 pm?  So we changed our mind and ordered the chicken.  Then the real waiting begins.  So it's now 20 minutes and only two dishes have been brought out from the kitchen.  Diners who have not received their food are walking out, disgusted.  People are being left at the entrance - never acknowledged - so they walk out.  The table behind us (the car booth table) speak to the server - they had been there an hour with no food, nothing.  One of the diners was diabetic and had to eat - they asked for bread.  Which the server did not bring.  Another table stood up to leave but as they did, the server brings them their salads.  Salads -something that should have taken 10 minutes?    The meals were coming out, one or two at a time.  The server mentioned that their head chef wasn't there tonight - that's not an excuse in my book - a kitchen should be able to run perfectly - with or without their head chef.    So we decide to cut our losses - we left as well.  There were only 9 tables of people with three servers when we left.  The only graceful moment was when our server comped our wine when I asked to be cashed out.  During the time we were there, four seated tables walked and two other potential tables turned around and left.  I truly don't know if we will ever dare a third attempt.
4	I've only eaten here once and my first time was very pleasing! I got the Italian Frittata and it was amazing. The service was great and did not have to wait long at all for my food. I did end up having a small stomach ache a little while after I left but that was only because of the large amount of cheese in the omelet. Other than that I definitely recommend this place for breakfast!
5	We've been 3 more times since the first.  It's always great.
5	So, today (Wednesday) we went to the Heart and Soul cafe to get breakfast. Now, apparently they stop serving breakfast at 11:30 on weekdays, and since we were already there all the way from Peoria, we decided to give lunch a go. So, there menu wasn't horribly diverse, but we managed to get something that suited our tastes. I got  a turkey BLT and my mother got a... I think it was something like a southwestern burger (it had chilies). We got a seat right in front of the car booth, and it was a nice spot. The server was nice and friendly and the only thing that she messed up on was that at the end she gave us the wrong check (was quickly fixed). The food was good, and the burger my mom had was one of the best burgers that we've had in a long time. Mine was good, it was nice and fresh, but nothing special (it is REALLY huge though, and it's mostly stuffed with turkey). But the best part was the fries/ sweet potato fries. They were DELICIOUS. Anyways, we were satisfied and we're thinking of going back for breakfast some time.
4	I live very close so go there often. Love the weekly specials - Friday Fish & Chips, Wednesday Buttermilk Chicken, Thursday Burger with Green Chili on Top. Wow, really spicy and delicious. They just opened the new bar and it's very nice and relaxed. It's a nice neighborhood restaurant & bar.
5	BLUEBERRY BACON MOTHERF***ING PANCAKES.No, seriously. The bacon is INSIDE the pancakes. You have never tried anything like this before.Do it! Go! now!
4	I loved this place!  True, I've only been once but honestly between the ambiance and food, I wouldn't hesitate to go again.  If I had to say one complaint, I would have to say that the whole time I was there, I got great device, until I was ready to leave and I didn't have a check to pay lol.  The coffee is a little strong, but that might just be me.  The pancakes are huge and light and fluffy with fresh ingredients.  I had the apple cinnamon ones (I couldn't work myself up to the blue bacon ones).  I can't wait to go back but have to pace myself to keep my waistline :).
2	Went for lunch recently, only one server was working but she was doing a great job.  I had a burger which was well seasoned and perfectly cooked.  My girlfriend had a grilled cheese sandwich with other veggies which she said was mediocre at best. The worst part of all this was the grilled cheese sandwich cost us $15.  My sirloin burger was cheaper than that but still it cost $14.  We both also realized that the restaurant was out of many menu items, such as provolone cheese which would have made a better grilled cheese sandwich. This place is in a great location and could get a regular following if they get better prices and better product ordering.
4	So unfortunately I was watching my figure at the time that I ate here. Luckily, I decided to order the most unhealthy salads EVER. The BLT Chicken salad. This salad is probably exactly what you think it is, Lettuce, Tomato, Bacon.... and Fried Chicken, with Bleu Cheese dressing. I probably should have just said to hell with it and gotten whatever I wanted instead of restricting myself to the salad section for no reason.  Either way, this place is pretty damn good. There is a hot rod in the middle of the restaurant, and the vibe is pretty unique and inviting. I wish I could have made it in for breakfast, there is some sort of concoction in here that I believe was on Diners, Drive Ins and Dives, which I am not sure of the name at this point, but from pictures I saw, you should get it for breakfast.
3	Well, first of all, I am not sure what Kelly V. is saying about restaurants being "slim pickins".  I live in Cave Creek and between Cave Creek, Carefree, Anthem, Desert Hills, and North of Tatum in general, there's an eatery every 100 ft, it seems.  (Maybe she meant diners-style places?)  But in any case, y'all don't be afraid to come up this way to satisfy your appetites---we got something to appeal to everyone!That being said---this review was supposed to be for breakfast but because of a computer issue, I didn't get my comments in before returning to try dinner.  So..Breakfast: Friday morning, DC (Dining Companion) and myself.  Cute place, quite clean, decorated with a bizarre mix of cowboy stuff and old gas pumps and a neat old car modified into a booth in the center.  Our server was super nice and very prompt and attentive without being annoying.  Wish I could remember her name.  I ordered the Eggs Jared, the H&S version of Eggs Bennie, with bacon and a jalapeno cream sauce instead of Canadian bacon and hollandaise.  Really tasty.  The addition of the slice of tomato didn't add a lot, because it was a pretty typical AZ hothouse tomato---pale and sad and tasteless.  The jalapeno cream was delicious and what can you say bad about bacon?  The side of roasted potatoes were the perfect balance of crisp and soft and beautifully seasoned.  A winner.  DC had the house-made hash and he is a major picky-eater and he couldn't find a bad thing to say about it and lots of good.  The coffee was strong and fresh.  Great breakfast!Dinner: Last night DH, DS (Dear Son) and DSGF (Dear Son's Girlfriend) were looking for something close and appealed to "The Kids", who will eat chicken 29 days out of 30.  The H&S dinner menu is dominated by chicken.  DH and I shrugged thinking: typical diner comfort food.It was great and definitely a step above typical.  We started off with the Fried Green Tomato appetizer, which were delicious---crispy and juicy without being greasy and accompanied by a spicy special sauce that was so yummy we requested extra.  (That's important info for later)  Very generous amount too---easily satisfied four of us.  DH got and loved the Pasta ala Chicken (which they customized with penne rather than angel hair for him).  He raved about the richness of the sauce, the savoriness of the chicken and the toasted garlic bead that accompanied it.  The Kids both got the Caprese Pasta with Chicken and left not a scrap on their plates.  I got the special, a pan-fired Parmesan-crusted Tilapia filet with mashed potatoes and roasted asparagus.   DELISH!  Crispy and moist with lots of flavor but not too salty and perfectly cooked.  The potatoes were real---lumps!  But they needed a sauce---they were a little too dense and the tiny wedge of butter atop them was not enough.  I added that left over spicy special sauce from the Fried Green Tomatoes and created my own concoction and was happy.  The asparagus was very nicely roasted, but a few of the spears had an odd bitterness---I don't think that had anything to do with the chef though.  And it was certainly a chef and not a cook who turned out those delicious meals.  We thoroughly enjoyed.  Our server offered us some sort of house-made cream pineapple cake for dessert and we were sad not to have room.  Our server was good---not quite as personable as the young woman from breakfast, but she took care of us and kept my ice tea full.So I can say that breakfast or dinner, Heart and Soul Cafe is a satisfying choice for a well-cooked meal at reasonable prices.
4	Very nice - had the best Bacon Bloody Mary. Great Burgers and the Pork Chili is very nice and spicy. So happy that I live right off Carefree Highway!
5	What a great neighborhood find! I live just around the corner and was so exited to find a new regular place to go out to eat! The place has a great atmosphere with an old Chevy Right in the center. The staff could not be any more friendly either! When it comes to the food, you can't go wrong! The fried chicken is to die for, and I can't wait to come for breakfast to try the berry granola pancakes. I give it an A++!
3	Well dammit. Waitress sucked balls. And I ordered a meal that was described as having a fried and then baked tortilla. I guess that meant pre-made tortilla chips. Wtf. Green chili is nothing to rave about. I do realize we simply had a bad experience (bad waitress, etc) and know this spot is prob pretty good. Maybe. I guess. Lol.Good news is the bacon Bloody Mary was legit and just seriously freaking amazing. !!
1	WOW! I came here during lunch time as it appears after their breakfast crowd rush and this place was dirty. I was literally the only person their and yet two of the waitresses standing around were busy on the phone and talking to each other instead of cleaning the disgusting floors.Not to make my review sound harsh, but the floors were actually disgusting and no better way to put it. Including greasy smudge marks on the windows that look to have been there for a while.As I mentioned I was the only customer there at the time and my waitress never filled my ice tea even though she was busy organizing bar items and talking on the phone. The food was hot and appeared to look the part at first, but after I ate their my memory of the food was not so good. I do this sometimes to where I eat somewhere and think its not bad when Im eating it then realize later it was not so good.Overall I will never go back. Yuck!
4	This was one of the places that I wanted to go eat at while I was planning my trip, and since it was my last meal before I headed back made it pretty sweet. We had to leave Phoenix a little ways out, but it was worth it. We came across a strip mall plaza of sorts, which surprised me a little bit since the name sounded so quaint it made me think it might be tucked away. We went inside and felt transported with the old gas pump like fixtures and decor. We lucked out and were able to sit in the only dining table with the car. The coffee seemed particularly delicious here. I got the Heavenly Hash, and it was quite heavenly. I would love to come back and try the Famous Suicide Stack! Service was a little slow considering there wasn't too many people there on a Monday morning, so it's definitely a good time to come and not deal with the weekend rush. Prices were reasonable as well.
3	Went here with some friends after a hike in Cave Creek.  The bacon bloody mary was very good and food was fine too.  The food and drinks are identical to the owner's former restaurant on Hayden & Miller called Soul Cafe.  My only objection came with the bill....for 4 of us (one bloody mary drink and one meal each) was over $100 - ouch!
5	Being from LA, we found this place on line and tried it out this morning as I really wanted some biscuits and gravy. Luckily we got there early as the place filed up pretty quick.  I did get the Biscuits and Gravy and it was definitely 5 stars..  We were greeted by a smiling and happy waitress. Seated quickly.  As I hoped the biscuits were very very good. I would highly recommend. Did not need to add anything. Will definitely go back....
5	The food here is always fresh and made to order! You can literally taste how fresh everything is! The staff is wonderful also -- extremely friendly and helpful. They always have a smile on their face when you see them; you can tell they enjoy working there. The raspberry granola pancakes are absolutely mouth-wateringly delicious!!! You gotta try them! You pretty much can't go wrong with anything on their menu.
1	While the food we ordered for breakfast was indeed delicious, it was most certainly not worth the two hours we spent in the restaurant.  We went for breakfast, and by the time we left it was afternoon.  We expected some delay dining at 10 on New Year's Day but nothing like the terrible service we received today.  It took about 15 minutes before anyone even acknowledged that we needed to be seated and another 10-15 to be seated.  Then another 10 before our waitress took our drinks order...and then the real waiting started.  It took over an hour for us to get breakfast orders of eggs and panckaes for five people.  Waitress brought another table's food out to us after about 35-40 minutes and then it took another 30-40 minutes before our food arrived.  After that sort  of experience I expect the meal to be free, but we were only given a 50% discount.  I understand that places get busy and people make mistakes, but this was unacceptable service.
4	We've stopped in for a late lunch twice in the past two weeks. Service has been consistently good. The place is spotless as well.  The food is great! Only complaint, if it is one at all, is there's too much food. Both times we've taken food home. Nice problem to have. This is an unpretentious, comfortable place with really good food. If you're anywhere near, stop in; you won't be disappointed.
4	I felt like I was back in a small town.  The staff was precious and always accommodating.  I ordered a more healthy option...or so I thought.  It was an egg white omelet with lots of veggies.  I was proud of my decision to keep on track, but it was LOADED with cheese.  However, it was very delicious -- and less unhealthy than most options.  I would go back.  They also have this booth that is made from a car....super cute and an experience!
4	So we've become pretty much frequent flyers at Heart & Soul, but it had been a little while and then I realized I had a Groupon that was expiring 2/16, so we stopped in for dinner on Tuesday night.Greeted and seated by a super nice guy who ended up being our server---I never caught his name---but he was A+!  Personable, professional, well-informed on the food...Started (as always) with the Fried Green Tomato appetizers.  They rock my world, they are so good.  Super hot and fried perfectly---crisp and never greasy---with the green tomato adding a bright note.  Generous serving.  No frou-frou portions at H&S!  Comes with a side of Chipotle-mayo that adds the perfect amount of heat.I was tempted by the Lemon Tilapia---I could hear a lady a few tables over exclaiming how good her's was----but then I fell in with DH and ordered the Blue Cheese sirloin.  I got mine with the housemade mashed taters and DH got the baked.  Sirloin can be iffy---this was not.  Cooked perfectly to order, trimmed so just the tastiest bit of fat remained, tender but with some chew and full of flavor...  Dressed with just the right amount of blue cheese sauce.  I had remarked in a previous review that the mashed potatoes are good but a bit dry---these were beautiful in texture and served with two generous pats of butter spilling lovely, butter-y goodness over the snowy folds of potato perfection.  DH's baked potato was a baked potato, except someone with flair had cut it with a cool little zig-zag rather than a straight slit---we admired that artistic touch!  Oh, and to accompany---grilled yellow squash and zucchini.  DH is a pro at grilling these two veggies---our faves!---and these were very well done---hot and crisp-tender and well-seasoned.  Maybe we would have liked just a touch of char, but we are used to them being done on a grill.Our server said it was Romero in the kitchen---thank you, Romero.  Great job!We were STUFFED at the end, but our very good server convinced us to take home some peach cobbler for afters.  This is where there was a slight falter.  Both DH and I have southern roots (WV and NC) and we know our cobbler.  This was a little too cakey---a cobbler should raise up and embrace the fruit.  But the peaches were very good, with a nice bite and not too sweet.  Yummy ice cream, too!  Cakey or not, we ate it!Okay, H&S doesn't have the ambiance of Cafe Bink or maybe the self-conscious "foodie" attitude, but comparing them on service and quality of execution----and reasonable menu prices----I don't understand why Heart and Soul doesn't have the SRO crowd every night  that Binks gets.  It looks like a diner, but it's comfort food at a higher level.
5	Went a couple years ago and my friend wrote an unflattering review, because the wait staff was slow, un attentive, just not a good time   Anyway, back today with friends from Oregon.  Completely different experience. Seated fast, order taken, food hot, coffee frequently topped off without asking.My friends wife has serious food allergies and other issues. The waitress wrote everything down and before cooking the chef came out to confirm that her eggs would be cooked in a pan without any ingredients bad for her. It's been two years, but I'm glad I went back.  Great experience all around
2	I hate to do this but...this place has been consistently disappointing. The last 2 times I went with my husband we were charged more on the bill than the menu price but they are so short staffed, it was impossible to get anyone's attention in a timely manner to point this out (so we ended up paying and leaving because we had places to be). We emailed the owner about this and got no response! We ran into him a neighboring business and when we tried to talk to him about it he bolted (he was nice until he realized we had negative feedback).Now about the food. In a word, it's bland. I've been impressed with one thing there. The pumpkin pancakes. The first time I went I ordered the roasted vegetable sandwich and was informed they didn't have all of the veggies listed but were substituting others. Only the sandwich came and not only were these veggies undercooked, they were clealy not roasted and it didn't have the items I was told it would. Again it was pretty flavorless. Husband had beef stroganoff and had to add a lot of salt. They have my favorite vodka but the drinks are way overpriced compared to the place down the road where we saw the Heart and Soul owner!I REALLY wanted to like this place and have tried at least 4 times. Not any more. Not EVER.
5	I had the green chili burger and it was delicious! The decor in here is interesting- 50's diner, western, and tatted up biker all going on at the same time but the atmosphere is nice. Usually fries are nothing to write home about but the mix fries here are so freaking good! I think that chili burger is probably the best I've had. I can't wait to try them for breakfasts.
5	Another fabulous breakfast.  Too fabulous.  We were going to go hiking at Spur Cross and we ended up auto-hiking thru Tonto.  We were too fat and lazy to walk after inhaling massive, delicious portions of food.
5	Great home cooked food in a relaxed, non-corporate atmosphere. The new owners are great and they've added a bar with nightlife and live music.
4	The breakfast menu here is epic. So many things to pick from. I went with the breakfast burrito which was  huge!  the service here was great and they kept filling my cup of apple juice up. The decor was cowboy americana style which was pretty cool coming from the southeast/northeast. I enjoyed the food very much.
5	Great Great food, I love the grilled Vegetable salad, to die for, and just had their homemade blueberry cobbler, the Best cobbler I have ever had, Great family owned restaurant.....
1	Food is really good...if you are willing to put up with bad service. Very slow, lazy staff make this place one to avoid. We tried it twice with the same results.
4	I only have three words to say: to-die-for.  Wednesday nights: all you can eat Buttermilk Fried Chicken, homemade gravy and mashed taters and sauteed veggies.  Would have loved to finish up with the Peach Cobbler but one plate of delectable chicken and we could hardly walk.Never have had a bad service there.The decor is still kind of weird.  Cowboys and red convertibles.  Guess there's a country song in there somewhere!
5	Very nice place to grab a bit to eat.  Big portions friendly staff.  They should push the bacon more it was amazing.  Yes I know all bacon is amazing.  This was bacon squared.   Get the full body Mary and the biscuits and gravey or chicken fried steak.  They will not disappoint.
5	Strawberry salad is wonderful as is the fried chicken. Be sure to come by and sign in to yelp for a 5% discount
1	Cute atmosphere..however my family was quite disappointed with the service. Having a 2yr old we order from the kids menu, they place her hot plate directly in front of her. She reached and grabbed a potato and stuck it in her mouth before daddy or I had a chance to temp check it. Sure enough she burnt her mouth so bad she refused to eat the rest of her meal. On top of that, they do not offer any pork alternatives. So, if you are allergic or kosher you are suck with ordering eggs as a substitute. Well, I ordered the scrambled eggs as a substitute and it was served directly on top of my pancakes...gross since they where runny. YUCK! I then asked for an extra plate to place my eggs, when I moved my eggs there was a long hair in my runny scramble..that was my tipping point and reason for this bad review. Maybe it was an off day for them? But our poor first experience doesn't leave me wanting to come back. Which is a real shame, since we absolutely loved the atmosphere and live near by.
2	I have been to Heart and Soul 3 or 4 times and unfortunately have never had good service. The food is alright but the service is just terrible. I was there with some good friends today to catch up over breakfast and I am now certain I will never go back. The restaurant had about three or four tables that were occupied and our food took 40 minutes to come out. There were four of us. In addition, my sister's food was wrong when it came out and it took another 15 minutes to be ready (she ordered an english muffin and two scrambled eggs).  The waitress seemed incredible annoyed when we asked her to please bring the right order. When we were finished, an hour and a half later, our waitress forgot to split our check and refused to do so when she was asked. Unfortunately she isn't the only waitress to have been rude and unhelpful. We have continued to encounter awful service here and the food is just not good enough to deal with that. We love to support local restaurants and truly tried to keep giving them second chances, but unfortunately we will just not be returning to Heart and Soul. Hope this helps! I would suggest Oaks Diner or Janey's Coffeehouse in Downtown Cave Creek as better alternatives.
3	Their chilaquiles are NOT chilaquiles .... It was Pork Green Chile Nachos with an egg on top. Flavor was good. But not what we were anticipating. We drove 30 min to be somewhat disappointed. I still have a craving for REAL chilaquiles. We also left there about 45 min ago and both of us are feeling the bubble guts coming on. I also ordered a pancake because I heard that they were one of the best in Phoenix. It was flat. I was hoping for something fluffy. I don't think I will be coming back. Another one and done.
5	Outstanding bacon bloody mary and creative breakfast menu. Friendly staff and cool atmosphere for being located in a strip mall. I've been here 3 or 4 times now as I visit north Scottsdale and have found service and food to be consistent.
3	The food was excellent but $65 for r people for breakfast is a bit much when you are just getting eggs or French Toast and coffee.  We had to ask for silverware and didn't get spoons to stir the coffee. They don't offer real creamer with these prices and when we asked for milk to put in the coffee the glass had a crack down the side.  On the flip side, our waitress was very nice and the place was clean.
4	great place with good ambience. our hostess, Deanna, was really attentive and very friendly. I would have given it 5 stars but my chicken pot pie need a little more flavor.
2	Breakfast was mediocre at best. Bland. Not cozy. We live close and never go here so it's just not our fav breakfast place. Service was ok.
2	What is it with the service and quality of food at the restaurants in this area? We again had another negative experience and this time it was at Heart and soul cafe. The food is OK we have eaten there a few times. The major issue I am having is the service the completely did not have there act together. It looked like a combination of issues landing between poor waitress/waiters and short staffing. As we sat for over 15 minutes waiting for someone to come and get our drink order we watched one table go to the bar to get a drink as no one came to there table and we watched another table tell the waitress they were leaving due to the lack of attention/service. when we showed our 5% off check in office to the waitress she did not apply it and we couldn't get her attention to fix it. The hostess was the one who supported most of the tables with there orders and seating costumers. The kitchen also had the food out promptly but it took over an hour merely waiting on the waitress.
3	After hearing about Heart and Soul Cafe from friends we decided to try it for lunch.  Will probably try again for breakfast.  We each had a sandwich tuna salad sandwich was a little bland. Wouldn't rate worst or best.  Would try something different next time.  I had a Turkey BLT,  it was in lightly toasted thick bread not over toasted still a little soft.  Very tasty turkey and bacon.  Both sandwiches came with crinkle potato chips and a pickle.  Good sandwiches but nothing that put them over the top.  Service was pretty good and always had plenty of water and drinks.
4	Stopped here for lunch on our way to I-17 and we were pleasantly surprised by the friendliness of the staff, cleanliness of the restaurant, large amount of menu choices. We arrived at 12:20pm and could have had breakfast or lunch (lunch starts at 12:30). We opted for lunch but noticed other patrons orders of pancakes coming out and they were huge and looked really good. My husband and I had the mushroom burger and it was bigger than we expected and it came with a large portion of fries both white and sweet potato. My mother had the turkey BLT which was also huge, lots of crispy bacon and your typical deli turkey. All-in-all it was a very filling lunch.
5	Honestly, the best breakfast place in town. The atmosphere is very relaxed and chilled. They have a car booth in the middle of the restaurant and cool random things all around such at a gas pump, water buffalo head, and much more. They huge menus for breakfast,  lunch, and dinner. Our waitress, Susan,  recommended the Crazy Cowboy and it was out of world. Thanks, Susan for the great recommendation and service! My friends got the basic and the works omelette and they were very good as well. If you haven't been to the Heart and Soul Cafe you must make a visit.
3	Dog friendly patio!  That makes me an automatic fan. We have been here for breakfast twice and it has been solid both times.   My husband had the chilaquiles I had the basic, eggs were cooked just the way I requested and the food was served very hot which I really care about especially for breakfast.  The bacon is very good it's thick cut, I asked for crispy and it was yummy.  Not rave worthy but definitely worth trying.  We'll be back for breakfast again and also want to come for dinner to try the fried chicken.
5	Great food and eclectic decore and atmosphere. Deanna, our server was super friendly and overall awesome!! What a great dinning experience we had at lunch!!! We will be back often.
5	Nothing is better than sitting in a 57 Chevy  eating your meal. Better yet, the food is good to boot! The country music is a great selection and our server Erin was charming and knowledgeable. All the food we've had here has been fantastic. Even my five year old clears his plate which he never does. Great bar atmosphere and also also great dinner experience for families. They also serve local beer!
1	Arrival.. Thursday evening saw several people outside restaurant smoking. Proceeded inside and seated ourselves. After sitting there for a while we realized the people we passed outside were in fact the wait staff:) so they came in when they were finished smoking and brought us our menu without stopping to wash hands. They do not have bottled water, so I ask for a glass of water without fruit. Not to hard, I was her only table. I received a glass of water with lemon. I ordered the fried chicken.. Yum or so I thought, until we watched our server proceed dig and dig in her hair, wipe her mouth and last but not least wipe her nose all before she served our food. I only ate the piece of chicken in the center of my plate and did not get a to go box... Will not be going back.
5	My family went here for breakfast today and we LOVED everything about this neighborhood gem! The service was so personable, and authentic--the ladies running the floor were clearly masters of their craft! The food was awesome; my native Arizonan husband said the green chile was the best he has ever had! I can't wait to go back.
4	Yum got the chiliquiles with eggs
3	I remembered this place from a few years ago.  So we tried it again.The Service was awesome!!!  The food was just ok though.  I had Biscuits and gravy, eggs and toast... I know Toast?  I need them with my eggs... lol. The Gravey was cold.  A real bummer for me.  I always wonder if something that comes out cold is being held in the kitchen at the correct temp or it just sits out.The good thing is that the server promptly took the food back and had it remade. Other than being microwaved gravy it was ok.The big star here was the server.  She Was Awesome!!!!Probably won't be back though.  Please try this place, its not horrible.  Large patio for you and your K9 friends.
4	A great go-to place for breakfast. I have been here for lunch too. Both were great! A cute quaint place. I loved the decor the food and the service. The breakfast menu has some unique items which makes me want to try something new every time. A good balance of healthy and hearty options! I would recommend this place!
4	A great selection of breakfast dishes...I didn't know what to choose.  We had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, which was fine. Service was good and wait staff was friendly.  I had the blueberry bacon pancakes and they were soooo good!  All three of my kids had clean plates as well.  My husband got the crazy biscuits (I think that was the name of it) and he said it was delicious.  My sister-in-law got pumpkin pancakes and she was a fan.  We plan to go again as we want to try more of their menu.We say inside, however they have a nice large patio.  The restaurant is really cute inside and has a nice warm feel.  You can even dine in a car!Overall a great place!  We will be back!!
1	Just tried to get breakfast and walked out. We walked in to no one even saying hello but 2 girls talking to each other. Waited 3 awkward minutes for them to finally say something and was finally say outside. Then sat for 30 minutes without anyone even saying hi or getting us a drink. Walked out and never coming back! You guys suck!
1	Oh Boy what went wrong? This restaurant is known for really good food. Last night was Fried Chicken night which my husband said was fabulous. I ordered the beef stroganoff and it was a huge disappointment. it was a large bowl of watery brown tasteless mushroom laden gravy with floating noodles, and just cooked medium rare sirloin piled on top. What happened to the sour cream, seasonings and cooking the beef in the gravy? Honestly I think the chef was so busy with the fried chicken, that a non chef cooked my meal.  I like medium rare steak but not in my stroganoff. I did not complain, I simply packed it up and will doctor it up to my taste,for dinner here at home  I hate to waste good ingredients. Yes we will go back as they have great hamburgers, great fried chicken,great fish and chips and fried green tomatoes. I will however not spend $15.99 on something that bares no resemblance to beef stroganoff. It should be removed from the menu. Wait staff great, but she didn't ask why I did nothing more than taste my food......but then to be fair she probably didn't need to.
3	I sat at the counter and had a fitness frittata and added avocado to it...I asked a girl with a long red braid what vegetables were in it, and she acted like I asked her to recite the Gettysburg address...not very friendly! My server, Elizabeth, was very nice though. She asked me what kind of toast I wanted, then charges me $1.75 extra for it. When I asked her to take it off my bill, she did. All in all, frittata was good and fruit was good...but very very pricey for what it was...I walked out paying over $20 for my breakfast, tip included. Not really worth the high price! They added in $2.75 for my small pieces of extra avocado...breakfast for one person shouldn't cost over $20
