5	I can not say enough good things about this place.  The owner, Wayne, really knows his stuff and he won't steer you wrong.  He is meticulous in what he chooses to sell in his store.  He knows where his tea came from, and even what growing and drying methods are used to prepare each type.  We had a very nice discussion about the pros and cons of most jasmine teas that are sold.  Pros: the real stuff is light and delicate.  Cons: most tea companies use chemicals and perfumes to enhance the flavor.  In short, it was a fantastic cup of tea.  They can even do a second infusion of your drink.  They save the teas leaves from your first cup, and if you want they can use the leaves again giving you a second cup for free.  And don't look at me like I'm crazy, there is a lot of flavor and nutrients left in those leaves.  Remember this is the high quality stuff.Wayne seems to have a lot of the same views as me on the subject.  And that is that most people have lived with the artificial, overly strong kinds of tea for too long.  It's time to wake up people, see what tea is supposed to be.  As you can probably tell, there are no artificial or chemically enhanced products in the store, so whatever you get there is sure to be the genuine article.
4	Tea Rex is a really cute, unique tea shop. Specialty stores like Tea Rex probably aren't doing so hot in this crappy economy, so I'd recommend looking here and at other similar shops for Christmas gifts. They've got cool teapots and other accessories, and, of course, a wide selection of all types of tea.
3	Okay, so Tea Rex is no longer primarily a "tea house" in the way that Starbucks is a coffee house.  It's more like an exclusive appointment only tea boutique.  The way it works now is that you go online, you order your tea and then you can opt to pick it up the following Wednesday between 2 and 6.  Those are the only hours where there is guaranteed to be a body in the shop.  You can also just order the tea and have it delivered to you.Now, once you get there they have samples of tea brewing, so you do still get to try some hot tea.  They have the books and other tea paraphernalia on display.  Wayne will chat you up about your tea choices, answer your questions and he's quite knowledgeable about the medicinal properties of teas/tisanes.  Ladies - if you know about the power of Red Raspberry Leaf tea, this is the only local place that I know of where you can get it in bulk.  And you get the potent, quality stuff.I'd be a fan if there were more walk-in hours.  I understand the woes of the economy though.  Hopefully things will rebound a bit.
