4	Very good food, packed and loud, EXPENSIVE wine & beer.Sat. night you can't even find a place to stand sometimes, and it's very loud. Don't come here expecting to get a cheap drink, we got a margarita and a glass of wine for $20 with tip...We decided to get one order of lasagna and one house salad to go, and it wasa) very goodb) more than enough for 2 peoplec) reasonably pricedd) we had better wine at home for 1/3 the price :-)
4	portions are big, and it's a good place to drink and catch up with friends. the waitstaff is and always great and always deliver exactly what you want. atmosphere is great. patrons interact well together too.
5	OK, so 5 stars might be a bit too generous, but the food is very good at Maggiano's and the service was very good too.  Charlotte's Maggiano's is located on the Sharon Road side of Southpark Mall.   As another review mentioned, the place is loud (almost too loud) and it's also pricey (figure $50 per person if you have drinks).  We at family style and we had too many dishes to mention, but they were all excellent, and the food kept coming all evening.  I estimate that there were two hundred patrons  - the restaurant is huge.  This is a good place for large groups, but not as good if you want a quiet evening.  I would eat here again.
4	We had our rehearsal dinner at Maggiano's in Richmond a year ago, so I was excited to see if the Maggiano's here was just as good.  It was.  We came here while we were house-hunting last winter, and not only had a great meal with a bottle of wine, but also got some great neighborhood tips from the table next to us (the official moment I started loving Charlotte).  I don't remember what we got, so I'll focus on a more recent visit.  Actually, 2 recent visits.My job had a speaker come, and they rented the upstairs room and had appetizers and wine.  I haven't had a wine here I haven't liked (and there are several out there), and the appetizers were all good.  Following the presentation, we went downstairs and split a Ravioli and each had another glass of wine.  The ravioli were very good--and it was plenty of food to split.If you have similar taste as your dining companion, there are a lot of dishes you could split, but I also look forward to the leftovers the next day.  The portions are generous.  Some of the dishes get a little salty, but otherwise, they are seasoned well.  It is definitely a straight-up Italian restaurant.  Some of my go-tos are Lasagne, Chicken Pesto Linguine, and the Eggplant Parm.  Oh, and the Manicotti is delicious as well. Dinner can run you around $50 a person with drinks, but I found the atmosphere to be nice for dinner.  I also appreciate that I never feel rushed by the staff, even when they are busy.
5	It sounds weird, but growing up in an Italian household, you'd think I'd love going out for Italian food, right?  Quite the contrary.  I guess I had too much as a kid, so I usually bypass Italian restaurants to choose other ethnicities or flavors.  I had my first experience at a Maggiano's at this particular Charlotte one.  First, the entrance and decor of this uncharacteristically chain Italian restaurant makes you think you're walking into a fine dining establishment, but being that it's in a mall, it was casual (although not overly; don't go dressed there in your cut-offs (do they still make those?) and tank top).  I was with a very large group (about 20 people), so we had a huge table in the middle of the room and tried their Family Style Dinner choices.  I was neither ordering nor paying, so I went along with whatever was selected.  I must admit that I did not have a single bad thing and nothing tasted typically Italian or "chain-y."  Plus, I got to sample so many things that my taste buds were alive and kicking.   Everything was so wonderful (of course, the red wine helped!) and I had to change my opinion a bit about Italian restaurants...especially this one.  I've returned to Maggiano's since then, this time with family visiting from out of town.  We had originally tried to go to the Cheesecake Factory next door, but the wait was two hours long.  We walked into Maggiano's and, seeing that it was very crowded as well, were pleasantly surprised that we were seated within 10 minutes.  This time, we ordered individual entrees instead of the shared plates.  I tried the delicious Chicken Pesto Linguine which was full of chicken and pesto flavor.  I'm definitely a fan of Maggiano's and recommend it to anyone looking for an exceptional and unusual Italian dinner experience, even those not into chain restaurants.
5	Maggiano's never fails: good food, good service, and the family-style serving makes for a great night out with friends or, well, family. Every time I've been out to eat at this location, I end up talking to someone new. Megan V. mentioned talking to folks at a table near her own, which has been my experience as well. Normally, I can be kind of a snot about talking with strangers, but somehow the vibe in Maggiano's makes it ok. It's a good thing.The staff is fast and friendly, and the prices aren't bad considering the quality of the food.
2	Although I get to Maggiano's once or twice a month for lunch, I've never before reviewed it because I'd had similarly good experiences as other Yelpers.However, I've noticed both the food and the service are going downhill in the last several months.First, today's lunch food.  One of our group ordered the pasta special - chicken and spinach alio oglio (pardon the spelling!).  When the dish arrived, there was only one piece of chicken (and half the dish had to be eaten before the chicken piece appeared) and the spinach had magically turned to broccoli.  Overall, a big disappointment.  In general, the basics that I usually order (spaghetti, meatball sandwich) have been getting increasingly salty.Service was an issue today as well.  We waited in excess of 20 minutes for our server to take our order (and the place wasn't packed - maybe 10 tables occupied inside with a similar number occupied outside).  In fact, we had to track down the bread lady to hunt down our server for us!I really want to like Maggiano's and to have great meals there every time I go.  But I'm finding myself less and less enthusiastic when someone suggests this place.
2	How frustrating!Best part of today's lunch was service - Anthony, originally from Astoria Queens NYC, has been here for 8 months, sounded exactly like he should sound with the NY accent, serving in an Italian restaurant!  He was helpful, attentive, interactive and one of the best servers I've had in this city.  He also brought a sample of the soup of the day to the table for tasting prior to ordering.  Very attentive service - bravo, Anthony!Food?  Very mixed reviews.  The tilapia special was thoroughly enjoyed by both diners at our table who ordered it.  Note to kitchen - the portion sizes on the two plates was noticably different (although the smaller portion did happen to go to the lighter eater so it wasn't a problem).  If the same dish is going to two people at the same table, they plates should look alike!I started with the minestrone soup (a menu staple) and while the flavor was good, it was tepid when served.  Made me sad.  My meatball sandwich was also a bit lukewarm and heavy on the salt.  It just didn't taste as fresh as I wanted.This lunch was a birthday celebration so the lemon cookies with two dramatic candles was a very nice end to the meal.  And the cookies were great - not too sweet, enough lemon flavor without being bitter and enough to share around the table.Note on the door says that as of Feb 1, this will be a smoke free establishment.
5	I LOVE this place. The three things I usually check for were all past my expectations: food, service, and restaurant interior. A couple new trainees were with my server and students of a culinary school, so they designed my cup of water with four slices of lemon just for fun. That was a nice gesture that I still remember. I remember I had ordered butternut squash soup and lobster ravioli. Both were so delicious, so tasty, I can still remember exactly how they looked too. I was amazed with my first bite or sip of both. There's a nice variety of taste in the ravioli because of the other little things they mix in the dish. Awesome place, great for groups and special events.
5	Maggiano's is a very well known upscale Italian Restaurant.My family dines there whenever they visit Chicago. The food quality, service, and atmosphere are superior to any Olive Garden or "chain" Italian places!Normally this place is a little dressy but the one here ranges from casual to a suit & tie. Either way it's not a snooty place at all and still very elegant.The restaurant was rich & the environment was very cool and they were playing Sinatra! The ambience was a hit!The food portions are extremely generous! The food is delicious! The price is very affordable. Although there are more affordable options we selected a special that cost $30 per person but you get to pick 2 salads, 2 appetizers, 2 pastas, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts....here's the kicker: You get unlimited refils on everything!!! Yes they'll bring out more salad, more appetizers, and more everything. If you go there with your family you will leave fat & happy + they'll box it up to go.Everything is made from scratch! The dessert was SO great! It was fresh! I had NY style cheesecake and not only was it enough for two men to eat but also it was incredibly enjoyable, and tasted like it never spent a day in a freezer :-)Same thing goes for the Tiramisu my wife ordered! OMG it was authentic tasting, huge, and downright yummy!The service here is outstanding! Our waiter was very professional and efficient. He was pleseant and never rushed us at all.I highly recommend this place and it goes to the top of my list of Italian restaurants! My #2 fav place in Charlotte so far!If you want some "above the rest" Italian food then you need to try this place. You will love it!
3	Poor service.  Mediocre food.
5	This place is absolutely delicious!! I cannot believe I haven't tried it sooner! I got the Shrimp with Orzo (special). It wasn't a lot but after I ate it I realized it was a perfect portion because I was able to get some Tiramisu which is soooo good. My fiance got the Four Cheese Ravioli, and I tried some. I have never known food to melt in your mouth, and besides that I hate a bunch of cheese together, but in this dish you can barely tell. The season and sauces where a GREAT blend. My fiance also got the New York Style Cheesecake, which was also delicious. I will be back!!
3	I stopped in for lunch recently.  The pasta was a touch over-cooked, but adequate.  The service was adequate.  The sauces were adequate.  I guess I'd have to call this place perfectly adequate.
4	Impressive! I was invited here for a networking lunch a few months back. By mere appearance from the outsode, I didn't realize how big Maggiano's is. Once I entered I was greeted by friendly hostesses. The group I was meeting was upstairs in a large "ballroom." The atmosphere was open and decorated nicely.The food was delicious! I ate so much of the multiple appetizers (calamari, bruchetta, fried zucchini, etc.) that I barely had room for the main courses. The cheesecake was a great way to top off the dining experience. I left one happy girl!The service was great too! Very attentive, yet nondistracting. Being in the large room kept our event private and the noise level down. The rest of the restaurant seemed very busy. If you are looking for a place to host your event (business party, reception, etc.) they do it well. I plan on returning here!
4	I have eaten at this location twice...once for lunch and once for dinner.  Both times the service and food have been excellent!  I would drive across town for their spinach salad.  It is awesome.Keep up the good work.
4	I like Maggianos considering I have found very few Italian restaurants that I enjoy eating at - this one is pretty good for the basics. The dessert isn't worth getting but the pasta (while not homemade - is plentiful) I find the basics chicken parm, marsala etc. are your best bet here.
2	Wasn't disappointed.  The food was so-so.  I didn't have very high expectations as Brinker tends to deliver "middle-of-the-road" experiences with most all of their endeavors.  This was no exception.  Not bad, not good...I can't really describe it well enough to do it justice.  The food was bland and tasted like it came out of a can.  Highly forgettable.
4	One of my favorite restaurant's in Charlotte.  The amtmosphere alone makes it a pleasure.  On top of that the staff a friendly and quick to make suggestion what is good on the menu.  Menu has a wide variety of item to please just about anyone.  If you want to get a table would suggest making a reservation.  Deserts are not that large, however definetly pack with plenty of flavor.  Their Cheesecake in my opinion is better than Cheesecake Factory.   Excellent choice for special events or a networking luncheon.  You can even dine ouside on the patio during certain times of the year.  Overall a must for the Foodie inside us.
4	This place to me is so good. I often visit this place maybe once a month. Walking up you would not think the inside would be as nice as it is. My favorite thing on the menu is .....well everything and to be honest i don't think i have ever ran across something that i didn't like. Oh yeah and the mariana sauce is so addictive i buy a jar at least every other month, and i cant cook lol. Also they do have a reception hall that most people don't know about and they have a planner and everything. The staff is so nice and i think they know my face by now lol....
4	I generally try to avoid chain restaurants, but I always cave for Maggiano's and I am never disappointed.  Maggiano's is our go-to place for take out when we have family in town and I don't feel like cooking for the masses and everyone is always pleased.  Tonight I decided to brave Maggiano's alone.  With four children.  Props to the hostess - she didn't blink an eye and assured me she had the perfect spot "out of the way" for me and my brood.  I have a daughter with celiac disease (no gluten!) so Maggiano's might seem like an odd choice for us but they serve gluten free pasta!  The last time we were visiting with a rather large party, the chef even came out to check on us and see who had the gluten sensitivity and if we had any questions about food preparation.  My daughter was beaming.  Tonight I ordered eggplant parm off the classic pasta menu and currently if you order off the classic pasta menu you get to choose another pasta menu item to bring home - my working husband was very pleased to come home to DELICIOUS gnocchi in vodka sauce even though he missed our dinner out.  Drinks for myself and the kiddos came out quickly and our server was very accomodating - one of my children ordered the grilled chicken breast with garlic mashed potatoes - "but no chicken, please."  The waitress thoughtfully suggested we just order a side of mashed potatoes instead.  The children's menu has a lot of variety and includes a drink and dessert with their meal - all for $5.95 - it really can't be beat.  The servings are enormous and my son is the only one who can actually finish his meal.  I am pleased to say that not only was dinner taken care of this evening, but lunch for tomorrow is covered as well.  I think our bill was about $34 - no complaints here!  Definitely check out Maggiano's - very family friendly, very helpful staff, and, of course, delicious food.
5	I've never been one to run to my computer to post a review after dining at a restaurant, but with Maggiano's, I felt that I needed to give credit where credit was due.  The first thing I have to mention is the service.  I've only been to Maggiano's twice but both times our server was helpful, friendly and attentive.  When I asked about Gluten Free options, the chef came out to our table and discussed the possibility of substituting the gluten free pasta and even went in to detail about the sauces (most are gluten free) and the meatball (not gluten free).  While slightly embarassed by the scene of having a chef at my table, I felt much safer eating there and knowing the chef was aware that I had to avoid gluten.The second thing that blew me away was the Classic Pasta Deal.  Basically, you order your classic pasta dish, which is about 4 portions worth of food and then FOR FREE you can order a second classic pasta dish to go!  I had to ask the waiter about 4 times if this was legit before I believed him.The prices weren't outrageous, and I didn't have to pay extra for the gluten free pasta which was nice.  I would definitely recommend Maggiano's whether you're going out for a big family dinner, on a date or just with some friends
4	I don't know what it is about it, but I REALLY like it!! I've been here too many times to count!! Birthdays, Christmas Eve (more on this later), Hangovers, Shopping I mean everything!! I don't know what it is but I keep coming back!I have been with 2 to 6 people and the most fun is with a larger group so you can do Family Style which is great because you get "refills" on any of the items you run low on!! Now my family and I have been for 2 Christmas Eve's and this just really works for us! It's loud enough to make me sound like I'm whispering, and same goes for my Nephews who can sometimes be on the loud side :) We order Family Style so we all have to agree on whats going to hit the table and I will say between my sisters and I we get it all figured out, the men have no say! Some of my favorite dishes are the Chopped salad that has Bleu cheese and avocado in it. The Tuscan Mussels are served with cannelloni beans and white wine and sun-dried tomatoes sooo good!! Next favorite the Fried Zucchini that is served with a Lemon Aioli sauce- Yum! Moving on the Baked Ziti and Beef Cannelloni are both great! For dessert I like the Pound Cake with Caramelized Bananas.The service is whatever not over the top but not bad! They are always busy but they get you in and out!! I would definitely recommend it here even if it is a chain!!
4	I know a lot of people think Maggiano's in just another bad chain but I whole heartedly disagree.  I have never had a bad meal, maybe some bad servers but I overlook that for good food.  My family usually does Christmas Eve here and we always have a nice enjoyable experience, and its always crowded so it blocks out the noise my nephews tend to make!  Except one year we were taking pictures and some woman was giving us the evil eye, uh hello lady its a holiday and we have adorable kids all dressed up here, of course we're going to take pics!!Stopped by Tuesday for a late lunch.  The bread they give is nice and soft and warm.  I then went for a house chopped salad, it comes w/tomato, avocado, bacon, blue cheese and I love it.  For my entree I went with the garlic shrimp with linguine.  I've had it a million times and its always great.On other occassions I have loved the fried zucchini, mussels, stuffed mushrooms, caprese salad, braised beef cannelloni, baked ziti, chicken francese and the creme brulee.Not sure if we're going for Xmas eve again this year but I like this place so I will return again and again.
5	Dining at Maggiano's has become a Thanksgiving tradition for us and this year proved to be better than last!  It's amazing that the staff can be so welcoming and positive when they're working and away from their families for the holiday!  The service is definitely 5-star and the food was plentiful and delicious.  I would highly recommend Maggiano's for lunch or dinner any day of the year!
4	i typically do not enjoy going to any chain restaurant but maggiano's changes that for me. i have been there a few times and have never been disapointed. im used to going for italian food in boston, providence and nyc so the food is not really authentic but it is really good americanized italian. i have had the regular menu and the family menu. either way we have always left with lunch for the next day. their to go containers are really cool as well. the containers have food reheating instructions and you put the container right in the oven to reheat and it tastes just like how it tasted the day before. we really enjoyed sitting in their outdoor rotunda area. it made us feel we were not even in a mall.
3	I'm not a big chain fan but I had a gift certificate that I needed to use up.  The food was fine.  Nothing exceptional for the price.  There was an unexpected pleasant surprise.  When I ordered spaghetti with meat sauce off the classic pasta menu I was told that I could choose another pasta menu item to take home.  My boys were very happy to have lunch....and dinner!!!  LOTS of pasta!  :)
4	Ok.. Seriously, you should know what you are going to get food wise if you are going to a Maggiano's.  Big Portions, big belly, and a big doggy bag.  They serve whale size meals there.. It's awesome for us gluttons.  Other than that, I want to comment on the service.  I was so impressed with the service that I had to get my waiter's full name to throw up here on Yelp.  Robert Bouche.  Ask for ROBERT BOUCHE.  He was wonderful.  Completely took care of us without being slightly annoying.  His suggestions were thoughtful and relevant to what we told him we liked.  It was a real treat to have a such a good server.  It really does make the experience a whole lot better.  Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	With all the positive posts, I was shocked at our experience.  Restaurant was VERY crowded.  2 hour wait.  Had reservations, were seated promptly.  Small table in the back..okay..here for a "romantic" dinner with hubby...no problem.  Ishmel, our waiter, promptly comes over to greet.  Explains that things were crazy, did we mind taking it slow.  Cool with us.  We're here to enjoy our evening.  Let me say that I am a foodie and an experienced Italian food person.  Have had the real thing, the American version, the fast food version, and the extremely bad version.  I know the difference.Placed our drink order.  While we waited, received Fried Ravioli as a first time customer gift...it just was okay. Olive Garden has better.Ishmel came back for our order.  Ordered Calamari as an appetizer, my husband ordered a Caesar Salad and Chicken Alfredo.  I asked about the Veal Marsala vs the Chef's special Beef Tenderloin.  Ishmel recommended the Veal and then house wine.  Wine was excellent.  Veal was just okay.  I have had better at Portofino's and Olive Garden.  Not the best Marsala sauce.   Caesar Salad okay.  Calamari..not as good as Lotus. Just okay.As for taking things "slow"...we received our appetizer and salad together, barely got that finished when the main course came out. Had good service.  They were very crowded and busy.  Food was not up to par from previous review.  Portifinos is much better overall.  So is Olive Garden.  Will not be back.  Next  time, we'll go to Villa Antonio for quality Italian food.
4	Why have I not been here sooner!?!  Before going here the other day, I had only had their food at a friend's party (they do a pretty good job catering events) and it was pretty good.There was a little bit of a wait on a Saturday afternoon, but we were seated fairly quickly (within 10min).  The dinning room is a massive high-ceilinged room that has a mixture of old world booths or tables.  What intrigued me the most was the staircase that lead to some of the event rooms that you can reserve for events.  We were lucky to get a booth, but it felt a little big for 2 people... more perfect for 3-4 people I guess.Our waiters were nice and kept the water flowing.  I had a caesar salad which wasn't overly dressed and a good size.  The ridiculous size came in the food portions.... I had enough to eat for another meal - which is good because the food was very tasty.  Loved the bread and olive oil with balsamic.... that stuff will get me in trouble and basically force me to live at the gym.
4	This Maggiano's location fits the bill! This is one of numerous locations that I've visited and it was packed with patrons. I snagged some space at the bar and got a beer. The service was great considering the number of drink orders coming to the window! Save yourself some time and order the Rigatoni D or Mushroom and Veal ravioli's. You can't go wrong with either. This Maggiano's should be here to stay, great location in South Park.
4	You can never go wrong with Maggiano's. Rigitoni D is the best! I was surprised however this one wasn't crowded on a Sunday evening. The food was wonderful. The waiter did make us feel a bit rushed when ordering but accommodated our children very well.
2	Maybe it's because I've enjoyed authentic out-of-this-world italian cuisine at a restaurant before *cough* Dolce Vita Ristorante in Boston's North End *cough*, or perhaps it's due to the fact that I have a sicilian grandmother whose pasta and gravy would make a grown man swoon...butMaggiano's Little Italy just didn't do it for me. The food was adequate, maybe above average by Charlotte's standards, but nothing swoon-worthy. Certainly forgettable.I did enjoy the overall design and atmosphere of the restaurant even though the servers were less than polite, and bordered on rude. That being said however, I wouldn't cross this off my list altogether, but instead just go there for drinks.
5	Had an excellent meal here. The wait staff was awesome and very attentive. Went there with a group of 15 which usually causes problems but they were able to handle us and kept the food and drinks coming. The food was very good, especially the fried zucchini appetizers and the chicken parm and cedar roasted salmon. I will go here again if I am ever in the area.
5	Does not get much better then this.  Baked sausage zita wonderful, my favorite was the oven roasted pork lion, incredible, wonderful place with wonderful food. A must go.We eat at one in North carlina, Now will try to have the nearest one in OHIO. What a great place!
5	Love "the Godfather" look and feel of this place.  If you can reserve a booth, do so!  As for the food: EVERYTHING I have had here has been good, and I have been here quite a few times.  Chicken and Spinach Manicotti is my favorite dish.  The Mushroom Ravioli al Forno is a close second, for my vegetarian days.  Appetizer: Fried zucchini was not what I expected, it was WAY better!  Large lengthwise slices of crisp zucchini breaded and perfectly fried and served with a creamy Parmesan dipping sauce.  Stuffed mushrooms are equally good.Dessert: APPLE CROSTADA.  It is out of hand!  Sooooo good you will have trouble sharing.  Nonna's Toasted Pound cake with caramelized Banana's is also very, very good.Do make reservations!  The wait time is ridiculous without.
4	It's rare that I pick a chain restaurant especially for a special event like the big "30" but I am so happy I did.  I made reservations for a party of nine the staff was very friendly and seated us promptly.  I've eaten at several other Maggianos in the past and have always had great food but it had been some time so I was hoping I would not be disappointed.  I must say the entire party left with full bellies and big smiles.  They have this ridiculous deal on their menu right now when you order one signature pasta dish you get one free to take home.  It doesn't even have to be the same dish that you ordered.  Now this restaurant knows how to bring people in during these tough economic times. * on a side note the dirty martini's were amazing!
3	Maggiano's is a lot of American style Italian food in huge portions made by the same people who own Chili's and Macaroni Grill.  The food is mostly less than average except for the appetizers.  The fried zucchini are large flat pieces with delicious light and crispy breading.  The pasta itself is overall a bit blah, and pasta I make at home generally tastes better than most pasta I've had here.The place is huge and the service is good, so it is definitely a decent place for large groups.  They also have some killer deals if you're frugal.  If you order any of their "homestyle" pastas, you can another to take home for free.  They also have a dinner for two deal where you can get two pastas, two to take home, two salads, an appetizer, and a dessert for $40.  I've never gone to Maggiano's on my own accord and most likely wouldn't.  But it's a decent place for groups to go and have a good time.
4	I have been to Maggiano's several times, in several cities, but my visit on Sept. 10 is worth noting. By far, one of the best experiences I've had there.Right off the bat, our waitress was excellent. I was there with my husband and parents. My dad generally likes to joke around and have a good time with our server. Our waitress, Carol, went right along with it. She was funny, personable and had great recommendations - on dinner, wine and dessert. We also got a great table - a round booth, against a wall. The restaurant can sometimes get very noisy, especially on a packed Saturday night. The seat helped to block some of that noise. The food at Maggiano's is very good. Typical Italian - salads, pastas, meat dishes. And you get A LOT of it. I have to say though, their classic pastas are one of the best deals I have ever seen. You order one of them at $12.95, and you get a second classic pasta, free, to-go. Great deal, great food. My baked rigatoni was delicious. Cheesy, with rich flavors, large chunks of tomato and spicy chicken. I took home the baked ziti, and it heated very well - almost as good as eating in the restaurant.The table split a Chocolate Zuccotto cake and the special dessert - a peanut butter bar cake. That I wanted to like a lot, but was a little underwhelmed. The flavor was slightly bland - not as rich a peanut butter as I would have liked. The chocolate cake however... YUM-MY!! I am an admitted chocoholic. This was perfect. Moist cake with fluffy mousse and a thick chocolate frosting. I have to say though, if you're going to get it, it's wise to split!On a side note, this is a great place for large groups. I have been for a few parties, and a few wedding rehearsal dinners as well. Maggiano's absolutely takes care of groups and treats them very well.
3	Maggiano's would never be a place I would choose for date night  - when I am in the mood for Italian I would much rather go to a small locally owned place like Toscano.  However, for special events or group dining (corporate dinners, seminars, or large family dinners)  this place is great.  I have been here at least half a dozen times for corporate dinner meetings and seminars and they really do an excellent job serving groups. There are a couple of ballrooms upstairs which open up if you need a large space.  There is enough room to set up a bar in the ballroom for cocktails before dinner. The nice thing about doing the "family" style dining with groups is you can have a couple of different entrees circulating each table. They typically bring out several different side dishes - veggies, pasta, etc as well.  I find the food to be average - nothing to write home about - but typical of a large corporate chain.I have to say, service on each of my visits has been excellent. So, if you are looking for a good venue for a group dinner, give them a call!
4	I agree with Joy, Maggiano's never fails. They have DELICIOUS food and the portions are HUGE.  I absolutely LOVE the Maggiano's salad... so delicious and fresh! I work at a business in South Park and Maggiano's sends us coupons every few months that are BOGO on a select lunch menu (they give you one to eat there, they give you another in a to-go box to take home!) Can't beat the deal! My favorite-the lasagna and spaghetti with meat sauce.Also, we have had some company events at the location... we had the private room in the back with the fireplace... top notch service (they were SUPER attentive), our own bartender, and a special menu. Will we go back again? ABSOLUTELY!
4	I visited Maggiano's for a private event with breakfast service.  I must say, the food was delicious.  The eggs looked undercooked, but they sure were tasty!  I had a few helpings there.  Don't just a book by its cover!  The private room was suitable for our event and service was on point.  True to Italian flare, I believe I heard a little Frank Sinatra in the background during a quiet moment.  As we exited the restaurant shortly after 11 AM, the restaurant area was beginning to fill for lunch.  I look forward to visiting for lunch or dinner at another time.
3	It had been a number of years since my last visit to Maggianos.  My most recent trip to Maggianos was in mid-November.  The purpose of the event gets 5 stars. However, the continental buffet was not as great as I expected.  For a restuarant that is in one of the premier malls (SouthPark) in Charlotte, with the prime location and its' reputation, I just expected better tasting food.  The buffet was not as hot as it should be,  As I walked from my table to get in line for the buffet, I noticed that the floors looked as if they had not been swept or cleaned from the last event...which may have been the night before...or days before!  The most positive thing about Maggiano's was the decor.  The dark wood and numerous dining areas made me feel better as I left!I may go back again to see if they still have the level of quality that made it a must visit years ago.
4	Took a break from shopping to enjoy some vino here the other day.  It was 2:30pm and let me tell you, it was packed!  That's a sign they are doing something right.  This is another chain restaurant but still delivers as if it was a one off style place.  I've eaten here a few times and each time the dishes are plentiful, as Italian dishes should be.  The service is always good and attentive as well the atmosphere is overall casual and essentially very relaxing to me.  I like a good family style place to eat and Maggiano's accomodates this quite nicely :)
5	Excellent Service and Food. We had stuffed mushrooms and mozzarella "cheese sticks" which were actually homemade large patties instead of frozen sticks. I had the Maggiano's salad. It was fresh and different. My entree was the Chicken Marsala. The chicken was cooked perfectly and the mushrooms were great! I tasted my wife's scallops and red potatoes. also very yummy! We had planned to get cheesecake from the Cheesecake Factory next door but after seeing some of the desserts come out, we decided to have dessert here also. I had the Chocolate Zuccotto Cake. This thing was HUGE and rich. I took half of it home for the next day! My wife have the Chocolate Creme Brulee.The staff was very attentive even though it was extremely busy. All around a WONDERFUL dining experience.
4	I love Maggiano's on Sunday afternoon......why?  Because it seems that this is the only time that there is any space at all in this huge place.  I usually stick with the basic lasagna meal because it is a house special (eat one in - take another pasta home for lunch - all for one low price). But it is the appetizer that is over the top.  Fried Zucchini - not greasy zucchini, not small zucchini, we are talking big, huge long fried strips "of zucchini hand battered with Japanese bread crumbs, fried to a golden brown, served with a zesty lemon aioli cream sauce."  This is worth the trip itself.So, the atmosphere is open, has a large seating area, and many private rooms available for private parties.  It also features ample outdoor seating, and since it is currently winter and cold, they offer large patio heaters.The staff is friendly, usually prompt with your request, and very helpful in suggestions.I would recommend this location, but do yourself a favor and make reservations, walk-ins will surely wait awhile or be like me, visit on a nice Sunday afternoon.NCFoodGuy
2	First of all the atmosphere reminds me of a huge empty or abandoned Italian office building. The service was mediocre and the food is the Walmart of Italy. Bland and says it's one dish, but does not even come close to the real thing. Very tight seating luckily my friends and I are small to average. Tables are crammed together where the person behind you has to bump your chair just to get out if their seat. I would not recommend this establishment if you are looking for a real Italian family dinning experience. If you are on a tight budget this could be very hard to swing. Three of us together had a ticket price of $122.26 with no dessert or wine.
4	Notice the four stars, but this started out as a bad experience that was made good:  a sign of an excellent establishment with management that is on top of things and is dedicated to making things right.We went for lunch.  It was uncrowded, not more than 8 tables of people.  In fact, there were excess staff hovering about and the wait staff maybe had 2 tables each at any one time.  A very quiet lunch period.There is a special lunch menu and we both ordered to the skirt steak with fries and side salad, along with a side of sauteed spinach.  Simple, eh?Well, we waited and waited.  Joseph, our server told us twice that our order was coming.  Meanwhile we overheard two other servers apologizing to their table for the delay and then Joseph came by to apologize.  I commented, lightly, "Well I guess the kitchen is overwhelmed by the crowd today?"After 40 minutes we received our order along with more apologies, but it was Anessa the manager delivering our order.  Very nice lady and she was very generous in comping some of our order so it turned out fine.The servers did nothing wrong and it was only the kitchen, so if this happens to you, bring in the big guns by asking for the manager.  Maggiano's selects, trains and retains some of the best managers around and those managers, along with the business itself has a very low tolerance for screw-ups.  They, even more so than you, want things to be perfect.As usual, food was excellent, portions just shy of gigantic, clean facility and sincere servers.  If you have not had a Maggiano's experience...get in there.  You will not regret it.
3	First time eating at Maggiano's and I wasn't impressed at all.  The food tasted like grocery store Italian food from the freezer, the salad was great I don't think any one can screw up a salad.  The cheesecake was good also, I had lasagna and it really wan't good at all.  The service was great, the staff was really nice.
4	Great experience. We went here for my mom's birthday dinner. Appetizers included bruchetta and mozzarella/tomatoes/balsamic (very good), as well as the bread every table comes with. The bread paired with olive oil was really, really good. I ordered the beef medallions, and they were delicious. Cooked how I wanted them, soft, and the sauce was pretty good, too. It came with very good mashed potatoes and onion rings (very thin) and portobello mushrooms, which were all right. I tried some of the shrimp scampi, and that was exceptional as well. They even came by to drop of lemon cookies with candles in them for my mom--nice touch.Service was very good, really nothing to complain about here. I would definitely return.
4	Good food, nice atmosphere
4	I'm not one of those "chain" people. I might even be on my high horse a bit about always making an effort when possible to eat local. However, when given the opportunity to enjoy a free lunch with my office I will close my mouth around some free food. I was pleasantly surprised. The service was impeccable. Gracious, without checking in too often.I'm not sure how long the buy one famous pasta entree get another one free (FREE!) pasta deal will last but I've heard that its been around for awhile. You can enjoy lasagna for lunch and take home ravioli, or eggplant parm or spaghetti or any other pasta of your choosing. They don't even make you feel cheap for ordering a BOGO special (like everyone at my table did). Our waiter even brought us complimentary delicious lemon cookies since we were celebrating.
2	Although they have a very nice special going on - buy a classic pasta and you receive an additional one to take home, the spaghetti with marinara was awful and not worth taking home.  It was just this tomato sauce, no garlic, no seasoning. Our waiter, Ryan, was spot on and very attentive.  But shortly after our salads arrived, another waitperson brought our pasta.  We wanted to have them take it back and keep it warm but she moved plates over and dropped the pasta and left.  So, until they start adding some flavor to the sauces, this is not even an average Italian restaurant.
5	OMG! This is the best place ever! You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. My family goes here often for special occasions and on the weekends when we are tired of the other Italian food chains. We always get the family style dinner and it is about $30 per person. Not bad when you get appetizers, salads, entrees, and dessert!! And you can ask for more if you want. They will bring it out! I have been with my boyfriend and sister on many occasions to go and buy one of their pasta entrees and get another one for free to take home. You cannot beat this deal. I always get the Mom's Lasagna and take the Ravioli home. Their lasagna is soooooo good!!! I could eat it for days and never get tired of it. My favorite salad is the Maggiano's salad. It has blue cheese crumbles and bacon bits. The dressing for that salad is awesome. Oh and by the way....set a reservation...you will thank me!
2	Formerly on of my favorite italian spots to frequent, my last trip went a long way to changing my opinion. The waiter was disorganized. At various times be absconded with my unused napkin, half my silverware and my dinner companion 's entire place setting. Getting spelnda for my sweet tea took three requests.Then came the meal. The baked ziti in pomodoro sauce with sausage salty to the point of being inedible. The fettucini alfredo was passable, but only after the addition of some grated Parmesan after the dish arrived to thicken it and add flavor. The (unfortunate) highlight of the meal was the cheesecake which I strongly suspect was bought in and not house-made.Unfortunately, last night's trip gave me an Olive Garden experience at triple the price. I will be hard pressed to go back.
5	Upon our recent visit to Fort Mill, SC to spend some time with family, one of our meals included Maggiano's after a day at the mall.We ordered the 'Classic' family style, and it was delicious!  We don't have anything like that here in Hawaii, so it was a nice treat!We ended up ordering Caesar & Maggiano's salads, stuffed mushrooms & calamari,  baked ziti, eggplant parmesan,  chicken parmesan, & chicken picatta.  For dessert, Nonna's toasted pound cake, & the apple crostada.My husband and I have the age old problem of filling up on appetizers & salad, especially since they refill your bowls when you run out!  The stuffed mushrooms were the best I've ever had, & Cesar salad is awesome anytime of the day.  By the time the entrees came we were semi full but I loved the eggplant parmesan!  We did not feel rushed at all to hurry up and leave, we spent almost 3hrs at dinner that night.   Our table was celebrating a number of occasions, our first wedding anniversary, a college graduation & a birthday.  Our waiter gave us complementary lemon cookies for the road (but after we blew out candles!).  We most definitely look forward to return when we visit our family again on the East Coast!
4	Nice service and great food. first class place.
4	Excellent service and food, it's certainly easy to forget about this place with so many great eateries in and around Charlotte but I attended a wedding reception recently that reminded me of those great stuffed mushrooms and salmon dishes that they serve.  I'm not sure if they've always had the reception area on the 3rd floor or maybe I never noticed it, but it's the perfect room for a special event........very impressive.  The only issue seemed to be the dj having to turn down the music if the management felt it was too loud.  I really enjoyed the food, so much so that I returned for for a birthday dinner........a bit pricey in my opinion but solid food.
3	I have to tread lightlly here as I see several highly favorable reviews for good ol' Maggianos.  I won't be as abruptly rude as I would like to be ;)....I honestly don't see the hype!!!  I am not a fan.  I was forced against my will to dine at Maggianos and it was only my 3rd time going here and it will hopefully be my last.  I mean, I don't know how else to say it:  It just isn't that good!  I am not a fan of big chains in the first place and I've already stated that I am an Italian food snob so I understand that my opinion my mean nothing but so what...Here was my experience in a nutshell:Reservations, 1:00, rude hostess, finally sat around 1:30.Bread on tables?  Bleh, not fresh, not good.The food..I ordered Eggplant Parm, which came with a side of pasta/marinara sauce.  Puke and pukity.  Soggy breaded eggplant wich I couldn't even tell there was eggplant hidden in the mush and super salty marinara sauce that tasted like Preggo.I will say that those who ordered Chicken Francaise were extremely impressed.  Those of us that ordered pasta dishes, not so much.  The service-Just okay...had to ask for refills on water a few times and we all sat patiently waiting to order the desserts we picked out well before dinner all to have our checks brought with no option to order dessert!  LOL...I guess they wanted us OUT!  I don't blame them.  We were annoying.  There was like 13 of us after a baby dedication so we were taking pictures, passing around a baby, laughing too loud, etc.  On ANOTHER note, I found it interesting that at the end of your meal they bring you a another free meal if you ordered one of their signature pastas.  I am sure the average person would be screaming "score!!!" but the foodie/skeptic in me was screaming "wth?"  Like, what?  Are you cleaning out your fridge and want to give me all the leftovers or did you cook too much lasagna so you are sending me home with some?  I don't get it.  Normally I would take free food but if the quality was where it should be and it was fresh/homemade, etc.. Sorry to burst any bubbles but you wouldn't be getting a free meal.  Just my opinion.There are way better Italian restaurants out there and even better chains.  I think Carrabas is a better Italian chain.
5	Went for happy hour on a monday so it was dead, great conversation with the bartender... had a few glasses of $5 wine and ordered two flat breads which were well worth it for $4, even had leftovers. I love eating here, food and service are always excellent.
4	I love this place! Whenever I go to Maggianos I forget that it is a chain. The waitstaff is always professional and nice. I went with a Maggiano virgin and the server came out with a sample of fried 4 cheese ravioli! OMG it was so good. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because at time the food doesn't live up to the hype (sometimes). But any place where I order a classic dish and they automatically box another for me to go, that's what I'm about! And the peach bellini is a must!
4	For a chain restaurant the food is amazing.  I usually don't order lasagna at restaurants because I end up being disappointed.  The lasagna in meat sauce is great.  Their spaghetti with meatballs is delicious as well.  The stuffed mushroom appetizer is really tasty.  You cant leave without trying their apple crostada for desert.
4	This is a great Italian place...even though it is a chain.  I highly recommend the Spaghetti and Meatball.  I get cravings for this all the time.  Don't overlook it as a chain.  Itis worth a meal!
2	I was able to dine here on a pleasant Sunday night and thought it was alright.The environment that I was in had a good vibe.  I happened to have patio seating and felt like the lights were lite up to a good amount.  It wasn't too dark to where I wasn't able to see my food, and also not too bright to where the light would be blinding.  It was just right.I did enjoy a big of their bread.  It wasn't too hard, just right.  The calamari ordered wasn't anything extraordinary.  The sauce that came with it seemed a bit bland for my taste though.  I was a little saddened because I always love calamari.  For my entree, I had ordered the Chicken Marsala, and again it was bland.  I felt like I couldn't really get a taste of anything and kept adding some pepper.  All in all, it was just an alright kind of place for me.
5	I had gnocchi with meat sauce, huge portion but Very good. then the best part was that I got a free pasta to take home. So I got 3 meals for the price of 1. That makes everything better. I took moms lasagna home with me and it oo was very good.
5	Been to Maggiano's many times. The food and service are excellent. I'd recommend reservations for busy times as they get very busy, and deservedly so!
4	Food was very good and the service was outstanding.
5	I love this place!  Great food and great service.  The Lasagna there is amazing!  I mean, it just melts in your mouth.  We even had our rehersal dinner there and having everyone together eating family style with great food just made it a very special evening.
2	Maggiano's is a great restaurant. I'm from Chicago and have eaten at Maggiano's on several occassions with Family, Friends, Church outings, etc..I Love PASTA and Maggiano's does pasta right.NOTE: At this location I went to meet some business associates and arrived early (30minutes prior to meeting) and sat at the bar which is right when you walk in. I found it very hard for me to obtain a greeting, be offered a water, be offered a menu, etc.. Mind you there was 6 ppl in the bar area all standing around and drinking and I was the ONLY person seated. I am not the one to EVER make mention of the race card as I'm from the North and it's not as practical as it is in the South. This area is a very nice area and I actually have a guest house in the area, however as a young business professional of my race I am looked over at times which don't deter my mission or success it's just disappointing that people are still stuck in the early 1900's and don't feel that my race is successful.After several attempts to get the bartender to even come to where I was, I had one of the individuals who I decided to mingle with (very nice group) sit next to me and he asked what I was drinking and IMMEDIATELY the bartender came down to my seat and AGAIN didn't look at me he looked at the individual who directed him to get the order from me. He then took a deep breath and I greeted him with a SMILE as I am a professional and ordered my cocktail (I did watch him closely while making it as I don't want no Seely from The Color Purple mess, LoL)..Overall I LOVE Maggiano's Food however this location isn't ideal for me..
4	Delicious. Love BOGO. Excellent location. Nice decor. Professional service. Quiet.
5	Overall:Went out with a work group to Maggiano's last night.  I had a bourbon drink at the bar that was made well at a reasonable price, $8.  After the bar we were promptly seated and had good service for dinner.  We had a group of 6 and opted for the Family Style Classic dinner.  I thought this was a very good way to try different items at Maggiano's.  Price/Selections:We paid roughly $30 per person to split several appetizers, entrees and dessets.  There was more than enough food for everyone and any dish that you wanted more of the staff would bring more out at no additional charge.  This meant we  received several rounds of steak and chicken parm.  The staff was even okay with bringing out an additional main course at no charge for you to split and take home.  I feel for a chain type Italian restauant this was a good experience.  It is a little on the expensive side but since it was located in Southpark and it was for a work group this did not have a big impact on me.Favorites:  I thought the chicken parm and moms lasagna were the best main dishes.  I thought the best appetizer we had was the calamari.  For desert we had regular cheesecake and creme brulee.  The regular cheesecake with fresh strawberries was better to me.
1	Went there today for lunch with a group of 7.  Not one person had anything good to say about their food.  Even the BOGO pasta person was dissatisfied.  The restaurant was practically empty and the service was extremely slow.  I had their chopped salad to start which was described as having tomatoes, bleu cheese, and prosciutto among the ingredients.  They were so sparse and tiny that it practically took a magnifying glass to see them amongst all the lousy iceberg.  A definite ripoff and disappointment.  My entree wasn't terrible--ordered off the light menu.  Even though we specified when we ordered how we wanted the checks split; at the close of the meal, we were told by our server that their system wouldn't do that and that we should pass around the master bill and figure it out for ourselves.  After getting a manager involved and quite a lengthly wait, we finally got our totals and were out of there.  This lunch experience in a nearly empty restaurant took almost 2 hrs.  All around a huge disappointment.  I definitely won't be going back!
4	Wonderful ambience...rather old world. The food was excellent..I had the chicken piccata...with angel hair pasta...and DO recommend it! The service was great...good wine list...but the wines were quite over priced...Good acoustics...even the restaurant had two levels...with ver high ceilings...the noise level was not bad at all.
4	Our group of 19 had dinner here tonight. Notwithstanding our reservation and that it was confirmed by us a week ago, they did not have our table ready because they said they called today and got no reply. Dah - we weren't in our home city!  We were traveling at this location. But once i let that go, I have to say service was excellent (Andrew was our server) and the food was outstanding.
4	Much much better than I would have guessed it would be for a chain restaurant (I'm a bit of a snob).Food was excellent, service was good, and the take home portions are a bonus!
1	This would have been a perfectly mediocre chain Italian restaurant meal, if it hadn't been for the 36 hours of food poisoning I suffered through following my meal there. It made the day long business  meeting I had after my meal there all the more interesting...having to sit by the door so I could quickly run to the bathroom to throw up. Thanks so much!
1	I've been to Maggiano's three times in my life, and I'll have to say 1-star rating is one too many for all three experiences. We had an early evening reservation, and it was 10 minutes until the wait staff stopped by to greet and take the drink order. The family ordered the "Classic Family Style" dinner. We had fried calamari, spinach salad, and Italian sausage & roasted peppers for appetizer. The calamari was slightly over seasoned and average at best. The spinach salad was over dressed and soggy. The italian sausage was served in a pool of greasy sauce. The sausage itself was average, and I could have bought better sausage across the street at Whole Foods and made a better version at home. For the main course, we ordered linguini with clams, chicken saltimbocca, eggplant parmesan, and grilled salmon. If I had to guess, salt must have been on-sale this week. Since most of the clam meat in the linguini came from cans, this entree already started with a high doze of sodium. The linguini was probably also cooked in salted water. To top it off, the cooks must have popped the top off the salt shaker and dumped a half canister of salt in the clam sauce.  Next, the chicken saltimbocca must have been made by the same cook that made the linguini. It was again over seasoned. In fact, it was so salty that it made the prosciutto taste like sweet ham. The chicken, in addition, was forgotten in the oven too long and was dry like a cardboard. The third entree is the eggplant parmesan, and it was again extremely salty. The eggplant had more breading than eggplant. I also don't remember seeing a speck of parmesan in the entree. In all fairness, I cannot comment on the taste of the salmon since I didn't sample it. However, the reason why I didn't sample the salmon is because it was completely overcooked and the fish was bone dry when I cut into it with the serving spoon. For desserts, we ordered the creme brulee & tiramisu. The desserts would probably have been the only enjoyable parts of the dinner if we had eaten them on-site. We ended up boxing the desserts and took them home before they even made it to the table. I sampled both desserts the next day. The creme brulee wasn't extraordinary. The caramelized sugar was flamed just right. It is a bit awkward to eat creme brulee from a plastic takeout box instead of a ramekin. It came with a few slices of fresh strawberries which I find a bit strange. The tiramisu definitely deserved its name. I could taste the rum and the expresso. The lady fingers had the perfect consistency. The quality shaved chocolate garnish added extra depth to the tiramisu.
3	Decent Italian place , I chose the pasta special, you get a 6x6 lasagne and choose another to take home and heat up. It was really good. As I was in a hotel this was a bonus and saved per diem $$$. The best part was my company paid .
4	Tooo much food.  Can't... breathe...I'm not sure if it was just our wonderful hyper foodie waiter, or if they treat all their customers this way, but dinner became an EVENT.  He insisted that every dish was bottomless. We did the Classic Family Dinner:3 Appetizers:   - Spinach & Artichoke al Forno - Very rich, creamy, and flavorful   - Sausage & Peppers - Delicious, but why is this an appetizer??     - Bruschetta - Great flavor, but eat it fast or the lovely buttery bread gets soggy and ruins the fun.*BONUS App compliments of the chef for being a new customer?*   - Crispy Zucchini Fritte -  How on earth did they make it so breaded and crispy?  I make fried zucchini all the time and it never turns out this good...4 Main Courses:    - Beef Tenderloin Medallions - FANTASTIC!  It was served on a bed of garlic mashed potatoes and topped with crispy thin onion rings. YUM!   - Chicken Parmesan - Nice and crispy.  Just your basic Chicken Parm!   - Chicken Tortelloni - Eh, not great.  Maybe it was the intense flavors of all the other foods that made this taste so bland, but It wasn't our favorite.   - Spaghetti & Meatballs - There is actually only one giant meatball.  That "s" at the end is misleading!  Tasted good, not the best spaghetti I've had, but did its spaghetti duties.2 Desserts:    - Strawberry Pie (Special of the day) - I thought I had no room left, but I still scarfed this down.  Light and perfectly sweet.   - Apple Crostada - AMAZING.  So crispy and delicious.  Warm under a large scoop of vanilla ice cream.  Heavenly.I'm pretty sure I need to say some prayers and ask forgiveness for my gluttony.  I blame our server.  He kept sneaking more food on our table to "give us our money's worth".  I think I need another nap.
3	I know it's a chain, but it's delicious, you can't deny it. Love their salads and the Rigatoni D.
2	I had really, really high expectations at this restaurant. Too bad many weren't met. Decor was nice. Service wasn't awful, but I could tell the hostess and our server wasn't giving it all of his all. The bread is delicious though! I ordered the Clam Linguine w/ white wine sauce and my friend ordered the Chicken Marsala. I really didn't like my clam linguine that much. The way it was described on the menu wasn't what I saw in front of me. Had shells and them clam mixed into the pasta. There was also a lot of wine sauce and oils that I wish they drained before placing in my bowl. It just wasn't seasoned to my taste and I feels as if the ingredients they use should be tweaked. My friend's Chicken Marsala was also sub par. Once again plating was an issue... Her chicken and mushrooms were on a plate and her pasta was in a small bowl. It was just odd since she basically had to put it together herself. We've been to other nice restaurants where the server would do it for us or either ask us if we wanted it separated. When we got our ticket, I told the server that I had a $10 off $30 coupon (main reason for visiting) and It took him 3 times to get the check right. I'm glad I can say I've been here but we should've walked over to the Cheesecake Factory.
2	This is the first place that I have been to during a happy hour that had no beer specials.I've been to about 5 different Maggianos and it seems to be slowly going down, in terms of food quality. I just really love Italian food, so I keep giving it another chance. I'm very close to the point where I would enjoy making my own fresh pasta, getting a good bottle of wine and some ciabatta bread and making dinner at home.
4	My friends and I met for Sunday dinner here and we had a wonderful time. We arrived a little after 5pm and there was a very short wait. After we were seated our waitress arrived in no time to take our drink orders, go over the menu and bring out some bread.That bread was so stinking good. It's not your typical restaurant bread. They are indiviauals rolls that you could dip in oil or spread butter on....ahhhh so good....BUT be careful! Too many rolls will force you to take most of your dinner home. (Trust me, I know!) For my meal, I went with the Classic Pasta special. Basically you order one entree to eat there and another to take home and enjoy the next day!How awesome is that???I ordered the Spaghetti and Meatball dinner with meat sauce for there and the Taylor Street Baked Ziti (sausage, ziti and pomodoro sauce) to take home. The spaghetti and meatball dinner was delicious it comes with your choice of mariana or meat sauce with one HUGE meatball. The spaghetti noodles were classic. But that meatball was the real winner. They put breadcrumbs and cheese in the meatball fillling and bake it to perfection. I enjoyed every bite. I definetly recommend it. I'll have to try the ziti and update my review with my thoughts on that! When we were all done, dessert was not even an option, there was simply no room for it but for less than $15 we left full and happy.Good stuff!
4	I go here every now and then when my parents are in town because I can get a seat very easily and get my food quickly.  They recently changed the dinner and wine menu that bumped the prices up a little bit, but the items I always get are still the same price.  I always order the simple dishes that let you take an additional one home as well for free!  My mom does as well so I always have great leftovers for a couple days after this visit.  I usually can finish my first meal either so that comes home as well.  They give you instructions on how to cook the meal once home so that is nice of them.  The service is great here and there is plenty to choose from.
5	Great food , great service, nice atmosphere.
3	I was here a couple of weeks ago for dinner with my husband and my mother who was in from out of town. We shop at the South Park Mall frequently, but we had never been to Maggiano's before and decided to give it a try. We had 6:00pm reservations on a Wednesday for our party of three, but my mom's plane was late arriving at the Charlotte airport, so I called the restaurant and changed the time with no problem whatsoever. They were polite and accommodating. Parking was a bit odd. There was a large, roped off section of the parking lot for valet restaurant parking... not a single car was parked there, but this area took up most of the close, available parking, and we ended up having to park the the garage. I didn't see anyone from the restaurant available to valet park us had we been lazy enough to consider this option, so overall it was just a waste of parking space. Maybe on Friday/Saturday nights it makes more sense, I don't know. The restaurant was only about one-third filled downstairs, but for some reason we were seated at a small, rectangular table for four that was right next to what was obviously going to be a large party of 20-ish  that hadn't shown up yet. Our table was sort of crammed up next to this long table for the yet-to-arrive party, but we sat where we were directed mostly because my mom sat down before I could complain.Our waiter was very nice, though he did mix up my wine selection with my mom's, and riesling makes me want to vomit. We switched glasses, and I survived.  The menu offered a wide variety of choices, and I settled for the special which was touted as some "contest-winning" lasagna with chicken and artichokes, etc. I forget what it was called. My mom had the eggplant parmesan. My husband had a steak of some sort. He liked the steak, my mom said the eggplant was "mushy," and my lasagna was luke-warm and not all that flavorful. The food wasn't bad, it just wasn't great. And it was kind of expensive for just "okay."Now on a weird note, my mom's meal qualified for a free entree to take-home. Never heard of such a thing before. She selected their lasagna (not the special that I had, but just a basic lasagna in a tomato sauce... my housekeeper said it was good when he heated it up the next day for lunch). About 2/3rd's of the way through our dinner, that party of 20-ish we were dreading showed up. We actually had to move our tiny table backwards so we had any room what-so-ever to maneuver once they were seated. It was a birthday party of some sort, and they were LOUD. I was happy our dinner was coming to an end at that point.I probably won't eat here again. There are too many other restaurant options available in/around the mall.
4	Beware the move up!I took my son there for spaghetti and walked out with a $91 bill.  What!  Two of the nicest young servers I could imagine sold me up on appetizers, entrees and desserts so quickly that my head is still spinning.  The food was not the best Italian food, but it was excellent.  The service was incredible, the best of any restaurant I have visited.  I love/hate those two kids.  Oh.  I have a tip for them.  Warm your plates!  My entree didn't have much mass and was cooling down rapidly.  I touched the edge of the plate and sure enough, it was cold.  Cold plates suck the energy out of food.  It's a basic!!!
4	A very nice place. The foods and deserts come in great variety.
4	Maggiano's, though a chain restaurant is always consistent.  Whether dining here when at home or traveling to a location in another city, you know exactly what to expect.  The quality of the food and service I find to be very good.  I have to come know that it is best to make a reservation or you can expect a wait.  When in the mood for pasta, their have, one take one home is a great value.  The calamari, and stuffed mushrooms are favorite appetizers of mine.  The pasta del mare is well stocked with shell fish.  I also enjoy the occasional veal dishes.
2	I'm not one to complain but when you have service like we did you would write a review too. My mom and I were out Christmas shopping and decided to grab a bite. We ordered ziti with meat sauce and some wine. When our food came it was the wrong order so we sent it back. When they brought our second meal out the meat was burned so bad there were black parts on the meat from where it was burnt, the meat was so burnt and dry it was clumped together. It looked like a hamburger on top of our ziti needless to says we sent that back as we'll. You would think that the third time as the charm but it wasn't . The meat was still clumped like a hamburger but wasn't burnt at least. To their credit the manager came out and apologized and comped our meal. He also stayed to make sure that our food came out the way we ordered It.  I am a regular customer of Maggianos but this was the worst food I've eaten here. Service has declined since it first opened. The server was friendly enough and apologized for the food but it was a very disappointing meal. I usually leave feeling full and satisfied..... Not tonight.
5	As a guest to my Grandmas 90th birthday party at Maggiano's I thought this place was fantastic! We had a room set up upstairs, which was decorated before we got there and they had tables set up. Not much room for dancing, but we didn't really dance that much... :). When we arrived we were able to valet our car, something we have never done before and we felt like celebrities. The package that was purchased was appetizers, a full open bar, and a buffet dinner, as well as dessert for a party of around 50-60 people. The appetizers were my favorite part of the food portion, with yummy fried mozzarella, stuffed mushrooms, and bread. I had to ask for olive oil and balsamic vinegar, but all of the waitstaff was very accommodating. The bar was a little stingy on the alcohol in my opinion, but hey, maybe I like strong drinks. For dinner we had salad, salmon, many pastas, meatballs, and several other things I'm sure I never even saw.There was also a champagne toast, which the waiters and waitresses brought around glasses of champagne to everyone. A great touch. They have a sound system available, but you have to bring in your own music. An iPod worked fine for us.   Desserts were a vast array of anything you could think of and was delicious. Great way to spend any birthday party, this one will go down in the record books.
3	I've been a few times over the years but was just back recently for a company Christmas party or "holiday" party for the PC'ers out there. We were able to try a variety of dishes including the calamari, salad, chicken parm, lasagna, and some desserts too. The calamari was good but the chicken parm was a little dry. The meat lasagna was by far the best dish we had. I really enjoyed the flavors and could have eaten more but everyone at my table felt the same way and polished off that dish quickly. We tried two desserts, a seven layer chocolate and mint cake (tasted like Thin Mint cookies) and their tiramisu. Both fantastic. If it wasn't for the company picking up the tab though, I probably would not make this my first choice when it comes to Italian places.
5	Anniversary dinner for us and it was delish. We had an 8pm reservation and were seated within less than five minutes...perfect!We started with the fried zucchini frites and they were SO good. The dipping sauce was light, slightly lemony and I really liked it. The zucchini was sliced widthways instead of in in wedges and I liked that a lot and the breading was crunchy and fried perfectly!I got the Rustic chicken (on menu it is with shrimp and chicken, but I omitted the shrimp). It comes in a rich and creamy red pepper sauce that is OH so yummy! Hubby got the beef medallions and they were so tender they almost melted in your mouth ans were served over some delicious mashed potatoes! We then ordered the chocolate zucotta cake for dessert. The mousse with a touch of liqueur was awesome, the cake part, I ate around it...just wasn't my fave. Bevayse of our anniversary, they even comped it. Perfect!Our waiter, Tommy, did an awesome job and was helpful,  friendly and attentive without being overly so.  He made suggestions about our meal and dessert amd all of them were spot on!$58 and change, even if you added the $8 desseet they comped...it was worth it! I came home with a full leftover container for tomorrow. Yum!
1	I went to this restaurant expecting a positive experience, but ended with a terrible one. First and foremost, the wine is incredibly overpriced. Some of the nicer restaurants in uptown Charlotte have better wine options for about half the price per glass. Besides that, my food came out completely wrong and instead of having a manager apologize, I waited 15 minutes while my date sat anxiously waiting to eat the food placed in front of him. Needless to say, by the time my food came out, his was cold. Both of our dishes were EXTREMELY salty. Horrendous to be exact. I could barely stomach my food but was so hungry, I forced it down. The pasta was flavorless and seemed to have just been tossed in oil. The chicken tasted of nothing other than salt. I would hate to see how many grams of sodium were actually in that dish. It was unbearable. It was sad that a manager never came by to apologize for the terrible evening we had or the fact that our food was wrong. Our server also didn't seem to be alarmed by the fact that neither of us had silverware until she noticed us both looking around confused. Check was well over 100 dollars, the food was worth maybe 5 at best. Will not recommend this restaurant or be returning.
5	What can one say about Maggiano's that hasn't already been said? The food is spot-on delicious and the service is always top-notch. We stopped by for some pasta on MLK day and were shocked that it wasn't packed. I ordered the Smoked Brisket Cannelloni and it was divine. The waitress recommended the dish and she was 100% on the money. Tender, melt in your mouth, perfectly smoked brisket wrapped in smoked mozzarella cheese and topped with Swiss chard and bits of summer squash surrounded by perfect marinara sauce.My fiance had the Chicken & Spinach Manicotti, which I sampled and admit was also awesome. The meal was awesome as was the service. Then we topped off our lunch with the Lemon cookies. If you're a fan of lemon, as I am, these cookies are for you. Maggiano's is your place for spot-on, 100% Italian dishes. Plus you get to listen to some Frank while you dine.
4	Great quality pasta and quality drinks made by a veteran bar tender.... They are little tough on price here but you simply can't feed the atmosphere and quality so if you got the time and a little extra cash definitely stop here
4	Consistently good, this location has $5 Coppola wines on Tuesday nights. A welcome relief from the $18.oo  9oz pours in their regular wine offering list.It wasn't busy at the bar, the service was excellent, and the food was perfectly cooked. Ordered Chicken Parm and substituted Fettuccine Alfredo for the regular spaghetti (no charge for this!)Overall, it is a really nice restaurant and very well run.
4	Main CourseI tasted Mom's Lasgna, Spaghetti with Meatball and they were really good. There is always the one on one free dish with classic menu. Loved their ambiance. We (five people ) were little cramped there. Some tables are too close to each other. The service was really good and friendly. Although, I was hoping for better garlic bread, I have tasted the best one at Olive Garden. Rest was all good.  Deserts:Deserts were also awesome. I already had researched yelp for deserts and they did not disappoint me. Tiramisu was ok; Pound cake with caramelized banana was really great.
4	Always enjoy Maggiano's particularly when we have 4 people and can eat family style. Service is usually friendly and prompt and you will always have leftovers!Appetizers-Bruschetta, Stuffed MushroomsSpinach SaladEntrees-Rigatoni D-Chicken Saltimbocca-Chicken PiccataDessert-Profliteroles-Apple Crostada
4	I went with a group of 10 and ordered The Chef's Choice from the family style menu. For apps we had:Mozzarella Marinara Jumbo Large Crab CakesItalian Tossed Salad.For entrees we had:Beef Tenderloin MedallionsVeal MarsalaRustic Chicken & ShrimpBalsamic-Glazed SalmonAnd dessert...TiramisuChocolate Zuccotto CakeI cannot speak to the seafood items because I'm allergic, but everything at the table was devoured quickly. The beef tenderloin was delicious!  Fork-tender and the platter included gravy & mashed potatoes. Mozzarella marinara was yummy, cheese melting but not scorching hot.  Tiramisu tasted very fresh with lot of flavor, cake had layers of mousse & ganache, also good.I really enjoyed my meal, but it is A LOT of food.  We have enough leftovers to send us all home with something for lunch tomorrow.Our waitress was Rosa, and she was a sweetheart, making sure we had drinks and utensils and more & more food!
1	While being seated, hostess realized no table was ready. We had to stand in the dinging room for 10 minutes while others worked around us.Food order was taken even before we got our first drink.Main course was served not more than 5 minutes after our appetizers arrived.  One person at our table had not even received her salad yet.  One entree was served after several persons were already done with dinner.We specifically asked for a candle to celebrate a birthday. Dessert served was wrong and with no candle.  Manager apology "We were not as busy as usual so the kitchen's rhythm is off tonight."  What?  really?The first bill we received was at the full price..we had to ask for a partial refund.AVOID this place.
5	Went here for my birthday. Food and service were fantastic! I had the mozzarella marinara and the lasagna. Would order both again in a heart beat.
4	Went for a buisness dinner so they had a set family style menu with tons of food  and free drinks! The calamari they served was fantastic some of the best i have had in a lone time. The chicken marsala was also very good but so was all the main courses. Great dinner and I have always been a fan of this place. But i did have to buy one beer and 5.00 in Charlotte come on!
3	Maybe I'm in the minority but I find this place mediocre. Their prices seem a bit high, especially at lunch.
5	Just snagged a table-top booth because the wait was fairly long, but the waiter was cool and he stayed up on my needy drink demands. Ordered up a couple crab cakes and a couple drinks. Easily split crab cakes and a side salad with girlfriend and could still muster up walking around the mall. Cool place.
4	While not usually a fan of Italian food, I've been in the mood lately, and Maggiano's hit the spot.  The portion sizes are ridiculously amazing, and for that alone, I give it 4 stars.  The ZUCCHINI FRITTE consisted of long, fairly thin slices of zucchini, breaded in panko, fried and served with a lemon aioli.  Although I personally thought it needed a little salt, the overall execution was great.  Very crispy zucchini and the aoili was just the right dipping sauce.  I even enjoyed the provided lemon wedge, which I squeezed over the dish.  However, I would not have ordered an appetizer had I known how enormous the entree portions are.  Sister ordered the CHICKEN FLORENTINE, which came with 2 thick chicken breasts, breaded and pan-fried, and stuffed with spinach and cheese or some sort of cream sauce.  It was served with a side of angel hair pasta and alfredo/cream sauce.  Overall way too much to eat in one serving, but she found it delicious and was happy to have the leftovers.  The chicken appeared to be well executed and not at all dry.The FOUR CHEESE RAVIOLI was stuffed with ricotta, mozzarella, provolone and cream cheese.  Despite sounding nice, it was bland.  I didn't specifically ask if the pasta was made in-house, but the awnings outside say "homemade pasta."   After tasting this ravioli, I'm fairly certain it's not fresh or made in-house.  The saving grace for this dish was the pesto alfredo sauce.  Alfredo can often be one-note and boring, but the addition of the pesto made this flavorful and melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  I really wanted a spoon to eat it like soup.  As nice as the pesto alfredo is, it's so rich that it could be cloying if it weren't for the small pour of red sauce over the top.  The red sauce added a sweetness and acidity needed to balance out the creamy richness of the alfredo.  The best part of the meal occured when I ordered my pasta and the server asked which SECONDARY PASTA I WANTED TO TAKE HOME WITH ME.  What?  I was seriously confused.  So for $14, I got 2 full-sized pasta meals.  Amazing.  For that, I will be back.
5	Huge menu and all the solid Italian dishes!!  The baked pastas are excellent and the veal dishes are great!!
5	Made a reservation here for our 15th wedding anniversary.  When seated, they even told us Happy Anniversary! Even though the place is quite large it was very easy to have a wonderful, intimate dinner together.  Our server, Leslie, was amazing.  Very attentive.  The food was very good!  It's been a long time since we have had really good Italian food.  The portion sizes are very large, but so good.  The zuchini Fritte was delicious!  Perfectly paired with the lemon aioli dipping sauce. We ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo and the Baked Eggplant Parmesan. For dessert we ordered the Tiramisu which they brought out with two pink candles bent in the shape of a heart and with one lighted candle!  It was a wonderful touch!  They brought out a plate of lemon cookies that were so light and delicious.We were so pleased with our experience here.  From the outstanding service to the delicious food!
5	When I think of authentic Italian I don't usually think of restaurant chains. I've been here and few times and don't recall ever being wowed. However today I was craving spaghetti with meat sauce. After looking at yelp and other places Maggiano's picture of the spaghetti with meat sauce and meat ball got me. I ventured out and I couldn't have been more pleased. It's exactly what I was looking for, perfectly seasoned and the meatball was outstanding! I got the classic deal where you eat one entree there and take one home. I'm hoping the take home Rigatoni "D" will be just as amazing. I'll definitely be back the next time I don't feel like cooking my famous spaghetti!
5	Maggianos is one of my favorite place to eat in North Carolina. The pesto pasta two thumbs up. All of the pasta plates are delicious.( yes I've tried them all) and the buy one take home  best deal you can find. Cheese cake the best come check them out you won't be disappointed...
4	The food was great. We were seated rather quickly, but had a bad table. We constantly had to move to let others pass. We all shared a plate of Bruschetta and a complimentary plate of fried Zucchini.Our meals came out nice and hot. I would recommend the Mushroom Ravioli for vegetarians and others!Great place for a birthday group.
5	Food was excellent, the server was very enjoyable to talk to, made the visit very fun and entertaining, nothing took to long and the hospitality there was just incredible, definitely recommend it
4	Ate here for the first time at this location. It was excellent. The food was yummy and well prepared. I notice lots of time Italian food gets cold fast but it stay hot thur the whole meal. The services was slightly slow but food was so amazing.
5	Excellent Excellent Excellent!!!!!Service was fast and the server was very knowledgeable on the latest menu updates.  The "Linguini Di Mare" is quite possibly the best seafood pasta dish that I have ever eaten.  My wife "Rigatoni Di" was excellent as well.  Maggiano's always has some of the best wine sauces.   I'm speechless.  It takes a lot to impress me, and I can only think of the positive and wonderful experience that my wife and I experienced.fOne more thing,  I almost forgot about the desert.  The "Desert Sampler" pushed us over the edge as we drifted into a food coma.  Coffee is needed to make the drive home.  Sorry the picture isn't better, but we had a hard time waiting.
4	I run from chains usually.  Although there are two I like (Tahoe Joes) and Maggianos.  Maggianos was introduced to me via an aunt maybe 15 years ago in L.A.  I've been drooling over their salads, Rigatoni D, and desserts for ages.  Today I thought I'd try something new for once. My family loves to get their buy one pasta, take one home for dinner specials although that doesn't usually interest me.  Today I thoughts  I'd try it.  I tasted the Mushroom Al Forno.  The plate was 12"x8".  It looked incredible but in actuality something was lacking.  Maybe the meat!? I could not really taste the mushroom and the cheese was too salty and overpowering for my taste.  I wanted to love it but couldn't.  I tasted the take home dish later of the spaghetti, meat sauce, and meatball.  The sauce and meat tasted perfect but the pasta was off.  It could be that I tasted it later, but the pasta ruined it for me.  It was a bust but at least I know to stick by the standards unless I get a referral from someone.  I give this 4 stars for the service, atmosphere, outstanding salad, and dessert that I had there.
4	Good people and great food but the people not just the employees the customer are just as cool.
5	The food was so fresh and delicious! The wait staff was friend, quick, and courteous.  The restaurant is kid friendly.
1	Had my boyfriend bring me a to go spaghetti with meat sauce and meatball and this is what came home. Where's the sauce????? I'm horribly disgusted. Then they sent a $10 gift card. That doesn't even cover the meal. Never going back.
5	Good Italian even for a ChainOut shoping a couple of weeks ago and my wife wanted to go to Maggiano's which is one of her favorite restaurants.  It's very good and is very hign on my list as well.It's to the right on the South Entrance to South Park so not hard to find.  Walked in and were promptly seated, menu's presented and subsequent orders taken a couple of minutes later.My wife ordered the Veal Piccate while I opted for the Parmesan Pork. Both were excellent and I would recommend to anyone.Service was great and as for the atmosphere, as far as Chains go, very good.  Southpark Clientel tends to try and present itself as upscale and this one, does just that.It's a very good dinning experience.
5	Absolute best Italian food I have ever had!  The wait staff great!  I would go a million times more!
5	Best Italian food I've ever had! Only Italian restaurant were everything on the menu is Amazing!!!!
5	Always excellent service and excellent food! Get a reservation, they seat you within 5 minutes of your time. Trust me, there's always a wait. The Marco's Meal for 2 is a steal of a deal. You get an app, entree, dessert, and a take home entree for $39!! The Ziti is delicious! Perfect for an anniversary!
1	This is absolutely my most favorite place for gnocchi....  The bartender ruined every ounce of my enjoyment!  Typical middle aged, ugly, gross, miserable, divorce who hates her job and apparently needs to make her customers feel like shit!  Do not come here!!!!  It sucks!!!
2	I don't get it. I was brought here for a business dinner a few days ago. Contrary to other reviews, the food was not even mediocre. The spaghetti marinara was bland to the point where I considered asking for salt. Same said for our green bean side. The rigatoni was al dente to the point of being crunchy. For larger groups, they serve 'family style', but the amounts they bring are obscene to the point where we all felt guilty, hoping that our leftovers were somehow donated to local food kitchens (if they do donate leftovers, please correct me! That would bump my review up a star for community support. )I asked our dinner sponsor to never bring us here again.
3	This could've been or last meal at Maggianos if it wasn't for our server and 1 of the bartenders. The server was awesome! I believe his name was Eric. The bartender who made my first drink was Brenda she was a miserable lady!But the 2nd drink was made by a very kind African American man which I didn't get his name. The person who left a bad taste in our mouth was this female hostess, who was so rude that we almost left(twice ). Thank goodness for everyone else or else tonight would've been our last meal at Maggianos.
5	We had a great dinner just now.  The service was excellent, food came out fast and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.We definitely will be going back!
1	Hostess was rude. Bartender was incredibly rude. We had to sit there for over an hour and she was so mean to everyone trying to order drinks and she was just a foul little troll of a woman to try and order very simple drinks from. Food was garbage and overpriced. Could not fathom why anyone enjoys paying to be mistreated but oh well. Would never EVER return here even if all my food was free.
4	Great service, delicious food. The mussels appetizer was delicious and plentiful.  My wife'sMy only complaint would be the Linguine d'mare was not as bold as I have had in other nice Italian restaurants.  But it was loaded with seafood!My wife loved her ravioli and take home box of the same!Delicious coffee after cheesecake was perfect.
4	Impressive for an Italian chain, certainly a lot better than the more ubiquitous Olive Garden. Service was excellent when I went and the food was a pleasant surprise. We ordered the calamari, which was lightly breaded and delicious. I would highly recommend.We also ordered from their classic pastas menu so for a little over 12 dollars I had an eggplant parmesan in restaurant and a baked ziti to take home for later. I enjoyed the eggplant but it was a little more breading than I cared for. The eggplant slices were thin and while some people might like that, I prefer less breading and more eggplant. Still, it was tasty.All in all, I'd come back to try some of their other menu items.
