4	With Vegas being in the middle of the desert and the un-godly heat that comes with it, I am very surprised there aren't more Jambas around. Where I am from in Southern Cali., Jamba Juice are just like Starbucks.....on every damn corner of every block!! The smoothies are great....so many flavors to choose from. The Tropical Passion and Peach Perfection ( they are seriously like liquefied crack in a cup...you will be addicted!!) are two of my favorites to cool away with on a hot Vegas day. The protein sticks are great too...the Pizza stick being the best! Have a Jamba juice smoothie and a protein stick and they are good enough for a meal. The wheat-grass shots aren't half bad here too!
3	Jamba Juice and I have a love-hate relationship.  I love me a good smoothie, but I am bothered by the high price charged for each drink.  Every time I step foot in this place I'm shocked by the prices.So here's our routine: every 1-2 months, I will get a serious craving for a smoothie.  I'll stop in to Jamba Juice and start drooling ever so slightly staring up at the menu.  Then I'll read the prices next to the drinks, get grumbly and upset that I came back to the store knowing that the drinks are so overpriced.  But I will order anyway, thinking I shouldn't waste the journey over there and, after all, I did want a smoothie.  So I order a berry blend smoothie, overpay, and wait for my drink in a cloudy mood.  The berry smoothie arrives and I walk out the door.On on my way across the parking lot, as I berate myself for being dumb enough to come back to Jamba Juice and pay so much, I take my first sip.  On my way to work, I sip some more and some more and by the time the smoothie is halfway done, I'm so in love with its taste that I've forgotten dollars and cents.  I'm on a berry high, drifting in a magical mist of sweetness where money has no meaning.  Man, I love a good smoothie.And so the quality smoothie induces amnesia.  And 1-2 months later, I am back at Jamba Juice repeating my cycle.
4	My recommendation: "Mango A-Go-Go" and the "Sweet Street Waffle"The absolute best thing you can order at Jamba Juice is ironically not a juice, or a smoothie. The Sweet Street Waffles are a godsend. I suggest getting them toasted and possibly get two. They're so good, it's hard to just have one. The smoothies there are very good. They try to stay away from adding sugars or syrups, although most of their juices are still made from concentrates. On a side note, if you are a super health nut, Jamba Juice's wheatgrass seems to taste sweeter than other smoothie places that sell it. I've had "bitter" tasting grass from other smoothie chains which make taking wheatgrass (which has a hard-to-bear taste already) even more of a chore, whereas Jamba's  wheatgrass is a tad bit easier to "swallow".
2	I love Jamba Juice, however, the service at this particular location could be much better. I live right down the street and used to be quite the regular. My repeated bad experiences have keep me from going as often.While I don't expect to be known by name, some sort of customer recognition would be nice. Walking into a place week after week to the same unenthusiastic faces that stare blankly back like they're never seen you before is a poor reflection of customer service. And would it kill them to smile or say hello like they're happy to be alive on this planet? I always order the same thing. Protein Berry Workout. No strawberries. Substitute peanut butter. Essentially a banana, peanut butter, protein shake. It's made incorrectly at least 60% of the time. It's pretty obvious when they add strawberries because it makes the shake slightly pink with red flecks. I had someone try to deny the red bits were strawberries once. Another person argued that it was made right. And another person once tried to say that I asked for it with strawberries and peanut butter, although the order said differently...They always end up remaking it when it's incorrect, but boy is it more of a hassle than it's worth sometimes!!
2	I love Jamba Juice.  The convenience of having a protein shake in the morning is amazing.  For some reason they can never get it right!I'm a "regular" at this location (about once a week).  Every time we walk in, they act like they've never seen us.  Most places except for here give the pleasant "oh hi, I know you" hello, but most times it's just a what can I get for you.  Now we get to our drinks.  We order a protein berry workout minus strawberries add peanut butter.  So it's basically a banana peanut butter shake.  I stress EVERY time no strawberries!  Guess what, again today, I grab my drink and it has a pink hue to it.  I simply ask, "is there strawberries in it?".  And lone behold, there is.  Of course they remake my 2 shakes, but for some reason I'm disappointed every time.
2	Not the best.  Smoothie was average. Used a Groupon, guy told me I couldn't use it on baked goods, even though it clearly does not say that anywhere.   They didn't have any sandwiches at this one either, so I had to go next store to Subway for lunch.Tropical Smoothie is 20X betterhttp://www.tropicalsmoothie.com/menu/
4	I will always pick Jamba Juice over their competitor. I do not like sipping on a drink that tastes more like sugar than fruit. I love their Berry UpBeet smoothie. It is one of the three new additions that promises at least three servings of fruit and vegetables in each drink. It consists of blueberries, strawberries, and red vegetable juice. It is similar enough to the fruit, beet juice, and ginger mixture I normally drink. At 230 calories for a sixteen ounce, it is a nice treat once in a while.The people working here were pleasant. They greeted us in a friendly manner when my friend and I walked in. They didn't give us dirty looks when we used out coupons and bid us farewell upon exiting.
4	it's a chain store. that said, this location's workers are always nice when i stop in. it's clean, but loud. a few tables on the side of the store as well as some stools they'e got lined up in front of the windows for people to sit in while they wait for their orders.parking is not so much fun when this place is busy (there's a starbucks, gym, and yoga place in the same complex, among many other food places).
5	My girl and I go at least once a week. The staff is awesome and they are always very friendly and helpful. Never had a bad visit here & during the summer we literally got a smoothies every day almost for a couple months. You gotta try the special menu! The screaming orgasm is my all time favorite, oh yeah and the white gummy bear! Mmmm Been to a few other Jamba juices in Vegas and didn't really have good experiences there. No complaints here though. They know their smoothies at this location.
3	I go here for one reason and one reason only. Wheatgrass shots. But if I could find an alternative with easier access I'd jump on it. Oh and having a press that works for making the shots without the staff fighting to make it work would be really nice. If anyone has recommendations on places besides Jamba Juice that make Wheatgrass shots in Vegas please send me a message and tell me! I really wanna know!
5	My wife orders me to go here.The staff is as good as you could hope for.  The drinks are such a pleasure that I hope my my spouse never has to choose between Jamba Juice and me.You will like the drinks (unless you take the one with pomogranites).You will really like the staff.
4	Secret menu. Great alternative to coffee.
4	I had a couple of gift cards from a few months back.  Since I was in the area, I thought, well why not?  I love me some Jamba Juice.  It always smells super clean and citrusy.  These locations usually have bright colors which puts me into a good mood. The menu offers lots the choose from and boosts are awesome.  This location has a lot of ample seating. Since the beginning, I've always got the original size strawberries wild for $5. This juice is blended with strawberries, bananas and apple juice.  I added the soy protein as my boost.  I enjoyed every minute of it.  sweet and tart at the same time.  I always feel refreshed when I walk out. Definitely should visit this place in one's lifetime.  The staff was super cool and fast. Thanks guys!
4	My office is real close to this location.  Our wellness program was having an raffle and I won a $25 gift card for Jamba Juice.  After my excitement of actually winning a raffle prize wore off, I thought to myself:  "What's a Jamba Juice?"  I know some of you are saying, "Really dude you are missing out!" Well, maybe some of you are not that passionate about smoothies.  Once I learned this was indeed a smoothie joint I was on my way to go purchase my first Jamba Juice drink.  I ordered the Mango A-Go-Go which is Passion fruit Mango Juice Blend, Mangos, Pineapple Sherbet (Contains Milk), Ice.  I love mangos and this refreshing drink was incredible.  I actually think it tasted better because it was free.  I am just kidding, it was great!  I have ordered this drink 2 times now.  This location always seems to be pretty packed.  Although I do go during the lunch hour.  The place is kept clean and there is usually some young associate working the counter.  Seating is limited but they do have some small table to to side as they do sell some wraps and sandwiches.  The drinks are about $6 for the middle cup which is original.  They also have sixteen (small) and power (large.)  I thought it was expensive for a smoothie and also it's a drink without caffeine.  You can add power shots though.  If you are craving a smoothie or a juice then this is place to go!  Cheers!
4	My go to place after Bikram Yoga!  The price is quite reasonable and the staff are always pleasant.  They are very efficient too.  There are stools there for customers to sit, read a magazine while they wait for their smoothies.  I like the fact that they have "Dessert Companion" issue.  I usually grabbed one before I go.  My favorite drink is the Berry Upbeet.  It has many awesome goodness in this one blended concoction.  Earl's favorite is the Apple 'n Greens.  The next one I want to try is the Orange Carrot Karma.  Can't go wrong with any of their smoothies though...I am a fan!
1	Inept employees. I went in because I had a coupon for a free 16 oz. beverage with the purchase of any drink. I ordered a medium smoothie and asked for a bottle of water as my free drink. The guy said the only way he could do that was to charge me for a large smoothie. I said whatever, I just really needed the water. My order comes up and it's 2 small identical smoothies. I said, I thought you said you were going to give me a water? The guy looks at me and says he didn't say that. He and the other employee give me blank stares so I eventually walk out as they can't comprehend the fact that I WANTED A WATER. Also I was super happy that I paid for a large smoothie, got nothing free which is the entire reason I had went in there, he didn't give me a receipt, and I had to look like a doofus carrying 2 small smoothies into my class and drinking both of them. Thanks a lot Jamba. I always liked Tropical Smoothie better anyway.
3	I usually go to Tropical Smoothie and, more recently, No. 1 Boba Tea for my smoothie beverages.  But this was on the way to where I was headed so I tried it for the first time. The store itself: nothing special at all.  A few seats at the front to wait for your smoothie and I think a couple of tables to sit at.  The prices are comparable to Tropical Smoothie and they seem to have a good selection of all-fruit smoothies as well as more filling smoothies with yogurt and/or sherbert.   I like that they have different sizes.  I tried an all-fruit pomegranate paradise smoothie.  Pretty good.  If you sign up online to be a Jamba Insider you'll get emailed a coupon for a $2 16-ounce smoothie, which is a really good one-time deal.  I received the coupon a day after signing up so don't sign up on the day you plan to go.  I'm going to use it later this week and try something different.Overall, another okay place to add into the smoothie rotation.  P.S. if you know this shopping center then you'll already know parking can be a bitch.
5	I love this Jamba Juice. All of their employees are soo sweet! They make great efforts to call me by my name and the service is fast! (Exactly what I need when I have 5 minutes to get to work) keep it up guys, thanks for great service!
5	Free Kid's Jamba Juice Day!!!! Despite the heavy traffic, they were fast and pleasant. Plus, I also got a BOGO free survey receipt. Will definitely be back.
4	Clean place, tucked away in a corner of the strip mall. The kids are friendly and they are quick! Look up the "secret menu" and they'll make it!
5	The fact that this is right across the street from my job has made working so far out, just a tad sweeter.  The only thing I dislike is the parking, but that's not their fault.  The service is still friendly and quick.  I'm never in there for more than a few minutes either.
2	I came all the way from Columbus craving a Caribbean Passion smoothie. My excitement dwindled away with every minute I had to wait for my smoothie. Between one of the employees not knowing what to do without fresh orange juice (don't you just default to whatever orange juice they have) and the upset looks from all the other people who had been waiting for who knows how long... it ruined my experience. 18 minutes is way more than what I should have to wait for a smoothie. On the upside, it was tasty (only reason I gave them 2 stars instead of 1).
4	Great place after hot yoga, very refreshing. They are always quick too.
3	Smoothies are good.  Just hope James isn't working the register because he will trash your receipt that has a review option for a discount.  When you ask for your receipt you will get a reprint with no discount!
4	I'm not sure why their rating is so low, but I do know that I love this location and their staff. Every time I order a drink here, they do everything right. Even if I do some wild substitute, they still get my order right an they don't give me the dirty eye for doing much more than modifications to my smoothie.Is it something super fancy or are the cups made from 14k gold? Nope. They keep it simple here. I love all of the different options, especially now that they have Fruit and Veggie smoothies and their new freshly squeezed juices. Whenever I ask which one is sweeter than the other (yes, I'm that annoying customer) they give me good advice and I end up loving the smoothie.My husband loves all of the coconut water smoothies, especially the strawberry one. I definitely suggest their 3G Charger boost when you need an extra punch in your smoothie after a long night out or a rough workout. Check the place out. I haven't gotten smoothies anywhere else, but that's because I know this is a good quality product and company. No need to change at this point!
2	I LOVE Jamba Juice. Like, obsessive, must-have-or-can-not-function, love. I have it every morning. So, why, might you ask, is this rating so low? The manager is a jerk face, plain and simple. This is not my normal store, but I end up here about once every two weeks. I order the same matcha shot I do every other morning and this store (she) is the only one to give me a hard time, every single time, about the way I order it and what I am charged for it. Lady, the extra $.50 you want to charge me is not worth the hassle you put me thru every single time and definitely not worth you losing my business. Just take a chill pill, get over it, and make my morning a happy one. Please and thank you! The rest of the staff is great and the smoothies are wonderful, as always! I'll definitely continue my morning Jamba-rific routine, but stick to my regular store as much as possible. P.S. In case anyone else is wondering why the Pumpkin Smash tastes totally wonky this year, it's because they switched from soy to 2%. Gross. Thank goodness the guys at my regular store told me and now Im enjoying the never-ending goodness of my fave smoothie again!
5	Jamba Juice has a bunch of new flavors. Awesome! Try the original aloha pineapple, it's always a great pick
