5	Great place to find ALL sorts of School needs.
5	Great customer service, good quality uniforms, and great prices compared to local competition. For a tip- they run true to size and have slims and husky sizes. I would much rather support local businesses over national ones and I was happy to get our uniforms here. They offers competitive prices and better sales than the competition also. We will definitely be back next year to get our uniforms!
4	I am pleased to write a revision to my earlier review where I was disappointed in their service.  If there is anything better than good customer service, it is a business that makes mistakes (because we are all human) and then does whatever possible to make it right. Now that is what I call great customer service. Kudos to Simply School Uniforms for going the extra mile to make things right and to make sure that they take good care of their customers. The staff here are very knowledgeable about all of the uniform details of every school and give great advice for the newbie learning to navigate the whole world of school uniforms.  Thanks Damien and team for your hard work!
1	I have been there several time, and I had a bad experience itch time. Bad customer service, the impression that you are bothering them all the time. The shop is close when it suppose to be open. They are pretty close to my house but I avoid as much as possible going there.
5	They overall have good service.  We've been able to buy some of our children's uniforms used, so we didn't have to buy new.  However, this year we had to buy some new stuff and when our daughter first started going to CPA, my SIL and brother bought some new uniform stuff for our daughter.I have no issues with the service nor with the quality of the products.  The only issue I have is with the price and that may not be directly as a result of this company, rather the going rate for these uniforms.  The prices of the skirts are steep at $42 each.  However, we only needed to get polos.  If we paid full price for 1 outfit for each day and a cardigan for each child, it would run us close to $600.But, the good thing is that the quality of the clothing is really good.  My daughter had 2 new skirts she got 3 yrs ago and 3 used and the used look just as good as the new and 3 yrs later, they are still in the same great condition.  So though they are what I consider expensive, they hold up.  The skirts, polos and khakis get washed every week and they still look brand new.However, I believe with time, the black on the polos do fade some.  So for 4 yrs of high school, you may have to buy twice.
