1	I have had numerous bad experiences bringing my car in for service.the last was the worst and I will not return.I was told my front brakes were terrible, "metal to metal" and that I had a bent rear suspension stay bar.  Total cost for this was qouted as $855.  I opted out and took the car to a reputable Volvo repair shop.  Brakes were not "metal to Metal" and no rotor work was required.  Total cost for both items was $367.Granted my smaller shop has lower overhead but 200+% is an outrageous difference and there is no excuse for unethical business practices such as telling me I needed work on the Rotors when I did not.
1	Read my other review first....Just when I thought this could not get worse it did.  It turns out that my service contract covered brakes but Sanderson did not tell me this and was charging me for the brake job.  I did pay for the brake job at a small independent - they don't honor the service contract and did not know.  Powell Volvo told me that my breaks were covered.  I contacted Volvo N. America and they are processing a refund for the cost of my brake job.
4	I bought a car at Sanderson Volvo back in September, a 2010 Mustang. Wow, did I get a great deal! My sales man, Joe Cavaretta, was possibly the nicest sales guy I've ever met. He didn't pressure, he didn't call me incessantly, and he got me the best deal possible. He was patient and understanding of my situation, and I would recommend him to anyone looking for a nice car. My only complaint: I had to go back to sign paperwork the 'new' finance guy didn't get me to sign, and just today (1 month after having bought my car) the finance guy called me and asked me to sign another two pieces of paper. All in all, however, it was worth it. I'm in love with my car, and the low price I paid for my car surely helps!
5	Worked with Denise an we got a car she was a great sales lady.
2	This place is hot and cold.  When the service is good its great, when its not so good, its like cool oyster stew, no appeal whatsoever.  This appointment was for an 82500 mile service.  I'm getting ready to trade my s60 but the wonderful (bingo board) check engine light was on yet again (one of the reasons im trading it) and so I instructed them to do the 82500 mile service on my Volvo and tell me what the check engine light came on four.  This was yesterday.  They told me they were not busy.  I received a call 4 hours later telling me what it was and then when I asked if my extended warranty covered it, I was told they were closed.  So nothing has been done at my car at this point, but you are calling to see if you can pocket another $400?  Not impressed.  I told him to complete the 82500 mile service, follow through on contacting the warranty company to see if they will cover the check engine light.  I asked if they were almost done with the 82500 service and was told yes.  I needed my car for work lunch.  Another 4 hours later and finally told it was ready.  That's another reason why I'm ditching Volvo for Acura.  When I've complained of the various issues I've had with mine, the service department took the liberty to give sales my phone number to try to sell me a new Volvo.  No thanks, no thanks, and again no thanks.
1	After years of using Sanderson Volvo for repairs, and giving them THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS worth of business, I finally reached my breaking point. My service rep. quoted me $300 to install 2 o-rings & 2 screws + $119 for an alignment. First of all, you would think after giving him so much business, the service rep. would have AT LEAST told me there was a coupon on their website for a $99 alignment, and one for 10% off repair. I had already printed it (but he didn't know that), and the fact that he didn't even tell me about it when I balked at the price was a pretty good indication that he really just DIDN'T CARE about my business. This time, I opted to skip the repairs at Sanderson and called around for another quote. Guess what...a competing dealership did the EXACT same repair for 48% less!RE: RESPONSE FROM Michael E. of Sanderseon (below)My primary issue is that Sanderson quoted me $300 for a repair that another Volvo dealership did for $156! The price I balked at was the o-ring/screw install. As for the alingment, the rep didn't recommend it, but he didn't provide other potential reasons for uneven tire wear, and didn't say "you don't need one." Anyway...it would have been a nice move on his part to offer the $20 coupon (after several thousand dollars of business), but that's just my opinion.Regarding the loaner cars Sanderson offer. The overall turnaround (from dropoff to pick-up) at the other dealership was less than 2 hours, which has never been the case at Sanderson. So, while I appreciate Sanderson providing a loaner, I'd prefer to pay half as much for the repairs and not deal with the inconvience of a loaner for a full day, or more (i have two toddlers in car seats).
