2	The Good--Dr Day is well educated, very capable, and instills confidence that in his patients that your procedure will be completed successfully.  Also they can get you in quickly for your initial visit and follow-up visits. The Bad--he took out all four of my wisdom teeth, and I had to make two more visits for him to finish the job and get the remaining shards out.The Ugly-- He's very arrogant, his professionalism is subpar, and he's insulting to his patients at time. When I came in the last time for him to remove the last part of the tooth he missed the previous two visits, he rubbed some ointment on the area to numb it. So as he comes towards my mouth with what looked like pliers to "snip" the tooth off, I asked if there was going to be any local anesthesia, his reply was the ointment was good enough and to "stop being a wimp". I was kind of shocked but knowing he's got these pliers in my mouth, I figured I'd laugh it off. Well then when he poked the side of my cheek with the pliers trying to get to the tooth, I kind of flinched. Woops, my mistake! He slings the pliers and mirror onto the tray, tells the assistant to get a local, and storms off. I had read reviews on another website of Dr. Day and they pretty much said the same thing. But I figured, i'd give him a shot anyway as my situation is a little more complicated that impacted, adult wisdom teeth. I don't regret going to him, but I can't recommend him.
5	I was thrilled with the care I received from Dr. Day and his staff. Kim worked with our insurance company until they agreed to pay for my surgery (it wasn't covered under my particular diagnosis but she hounded them until they covered it). Dr. Day was professional, confident, caring and answered every question I had before and after my surgery. I couldn't be happier with the end result. For the first time in over 20 years, I have a decent bite. I have and will continue to refer my friends in need to Dr. Day.
1	RUN!!! Not only am I being charged 4X what I was told... he hit a nerve and I cannot feel part of my face. I was told.. oooh no big deal, it will come back in 6 weeks. It has now been 4 months and I still do not have full feeling restored. I was sent to collections without even getting my last bill in the mail. Please save your FACE and yourself major aggravation.
4	I am a huge fan of Dr. Day, finding him pleasant and professional and NOT arrogant as stated in another review.  The only real issue I have ever had (in 3 procedures) is an employee who says things like "I need you to", which is a pet peeve of mine.  Otherwise, I have no issues at all with him :)
5	At 40 years old, I discovered after a consultation with an orthodontist that not only would I need braces , again (I wore them in high school as well), but that to prevent further erosion of some of my teeth and have a proper bite, I would likely need surgery to move my upper jaw forward, and to widen it to correct a crossbite. My orthodontist referred me to two surgeons, one of them being Dr. Reed Day. I visited Dr Day's office and was very impressed with the professionalism of the staff and the way that I was treated by Dr. Day.  Within a few minutes of interacting with him I knew this was the doctor I wanted for my surgery.  He clearly explained the kind of operation I would need (a Lefort Osteotomy), and while I was there he also diagnosed me has having a deviated septum.  The deviated septum had made it difficult for me to breath through my nose, and likely contributed to the underdevelopment of my upper jaw. Correcting my deviated septum was added to the surgical plan.After my initial consultation with Dr Day, I started my braces treatment, and about a year into wearing braces, I had my jaw surgery on Nov 4, 2013.  I met with Dr. Day two times prior to the date of the surgery to go over preparations for the surgery, what to expect the day of the surgery, and what to expect in the days and weeks after the surgery.  His professionalism and demeanor really put me at ease.  I had no worries going into the surgery.  My friends would ask me if I was nervous, and my response was, no way, I'm excited to get this done, can't wait.  On the day of the surgery, Dr. Day came by to talk to me about an hour or so before my scheduled surgery to see how I was doing.  The surgery took no more than 1.5 hours.  Afterwards, as I came out of my sleep, I was a bit disoriented but did not have any pain.  In fact, not once did I take pain medication following the surgery, ever.  I saw Dr. Day immediately following the surgery, and the next morning before I was released from the hospital.  Exactly ONE week after the surgery, I was back in the office, putting in a 7 hour day, and worked pretty much a 40 hour work week.  There was residual swelling as expected, but the swelling reduced as each day went by.  The liquid diet isn't that bad.  I'm now just over three weeks into my recovery and I feel fantastic. My orthodontist is also very pleased with the results and amazed at my recovery.  Not only has my recovery been amazing, but I can finally breathe easily through my nose, due to the correction of my deviated septum.I have nothing but positive things to say about Dr. Day and his staff.  I would recommend them to anyone requiring oral surgery.  Lastly, I was a bit surprised to see others in this forum refer to Dr. Day as arrogant.  I didn't detect this trait at all.  I would say that he is highly confident in his abilities, but this is EXACTLY what I want from a surgeon who is going to remove my entire upper jaw and then reattach it.  If you want someone who is highly trained, qualified, and possesses the confidence to do a great job, then I strongly recommend consulting with Dr. Day if you require oral surgery.
5	I traveled from Michigan, seeking the best team of dentists to remove a failing implant and replace a front tooth that had to be extracted in 2009. I am fortunate in that I can travel for what I have researched and feel is the best dental care possible.I have had three procedures completed in Dr. Day's office since September 2012. I've been in his office possibly seven times in the last 15 months. Every time I've been in his office I was always greeted cordially by his staff. My appointment times that were scheduled never were late. Dr. Day's office is on time. Offices I had been to in Michigan sometimes let me sit and wait for over 60 minutes beyond the scheduled appointment time. Dr. Day himself always greets his patients. Once when I was waiting to see him, I could hear his assistant begin to brief him on my case and he quickly replied that he knew my case history clearly. Dr. Day prepares for his patients.   He truly cares about his patients' comfort level while undergoing a procedure. I never was in any pain or discomfort during any of the procedures in Dr. Day's office. Every time I've had a procedure completed, (implant removed, implant placed, gum adjustment) the healing has gone smoothly. I have never left his office and subsequently gotten an infection or had any other complications post-surgery. I am a musician and I look forward to getting back to playing my flute, piccolo and oboe. These lifelong activities would not be possible, if it wasn't for Dr. Day's skill as a surgeon and his complete attention to detail. Each time I have been in Dr. Day's office I get the feeling that Dr. Day and his staff truly function as a team; one that is friendly and caring. Dr. Day and his staff are 100% professional, confident and sincere. Unfortunately, I live in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and I can't recommend him to too many friends and family due to the 2,000 miles between his office and my home, but I have let the dozen or so friends I have in Phoenix know he is the oral surgeon to see.  Dr. Day and his colleague Dr. Chal have ended nearly six years of dental misery and for that I am forever grateful. Susan S.
5	I was diagnosed with TMD over 20 years ago and required jaw surgery back in 1993 by another surgeon. It didn't work, and after 20 years of major headaches, neck aches, facial pain, jaw pain and a shifted bite, I am FINALLY on the road to recovery! I have seen 8 Oral Surgeons through the years and Dr Day was the one to properly identify my issues and fix my jaw. I found Dr Day because I got two high recommendations from two other local Oral Surgeons that said my case was so complicated, and Dr Day was the only one who could conduct the type of surgery I needed.  Dr Day was brilliant and he explained everything very thoroughly and has been caring and compassionate every time we meet. Additionally, his staff, including his medical assistants, front desk personnel, surgical nurses, and his financial aid person have been very professional and always treat me with respect. Finding Dr Day and his Team of professionals, have been a major blessing to me and my husband.  I cant thank them enough! Highly Recommend!!!!!
1	It's 2005 and I was referred to my normal dentist to Reed for some extra teeth that were under my gum line.  Nothing really affected me but Reed suggested that he remove 3 wisdom teeth and 2 extra teeth below my gum line on my right lower side of my jaw.  So a total of 5 teeth.Little did I know he was going to CUT AWAY my gum line and expose the roots of my existing teeth that were FINE. He claimed it would be fine and the gums would grow back, they never did. The exposed sections of the roots caused infection in my gums and I lost a molar and am probably going to lose another one this year.  I haven't been able to chew solid food on the right side of my mouth for the past 9 years.  ridiculous. I'm currently looking for an oral surgeon to hopefully rectify this HACK JOB that Reed left me with nearly 9 years ago.  Every day of my life I regret going to Reed and after showing the results to my regular dentist, he stopped referring patients to Reed.Even the desk attendants were pushy about the surgery saying I should have them all removed in one session vs having them done in two sessions.  Clearly this office is money hungry and they don't care about the patient's well being post surgery.
5	If six stars were an option, that would be my rating for Dr. Day.I have seen Dr. Day on three different occasions, for three separate procedures.  My first visit was to have the shattered remains of a wisdom tooth removed, after a botched attempt by another dentist.  Quick, easy and painless - in a matter of minutes, the horrible pain from raw nerve endings was gone, and I was on the road to recovery.My second visit was to have a scary, fatty blob of tissue removed from my inner gum.  I was scared and nervous - and Dr. Day was calm, reassuring and professional.  Fatty blob gone, all was well!My third visit was this past week.  One of my molars literally broke in two, leaving exposed nerves and unimaginable pain. Dr. Day's office was amazing - they squeezed me in IMMEDIATELY after I called their office, and Dr. Day removed what was left of the fractured tooth.This entire office is friendly, professional, and I have recommended Dr. Day to numerous friends over the years.  HIs manner is calm and relaxed, yet he is exceedingly competent and professional....especially for those of us with a lot of anxiety about sitting in the dentist's chair. I have another tooth that needs attention soon, and I can't imagine going to another oral surgeon to have the work performed. Cheers!:-)
5	Dr. Day and his assistant, Danielle, were excellent with my tooth extraction.  He came in, sat down, introduced himself and explained the procedure.  He talked to me during the procedure about what he was doing and how it was going and Danielle held my hand.  They were on time, and the bill was explained to me beforehand.  A terrific office.  As good an experience I can expect from having a tooth pulled.  Thank you.
