1	I'm not sure why this says closed, but I'm pretty sure they're still in business.  Maybe their reviews were closed because they were bad.  I don't write bad reviews much, but I had the worst experience of my life at this place.  The owner is the rudest lady I've ever met and I really don't know how they manage to stay in business providing the type of dishonest service that they do.  I had been warned about the bad service before I went there, but did anyways and totally regret it.  I remember this business and the single worst buying decision of my wedding and if there is anything I could have changed about my entire wedding and the planning process it would have been ever walking into this store.
5	I Do, I Do offered great service from the minute my mother and I stepped in the door.  We came without an appointment and they accommodated us anyway.  Kacee helped us pick out dresses, listened to what I really wanted, and went out of her way to find me what I needed, even sending a manager to the back room to bring me more dresses.  I received very personal attention, and I found a gorgeous dress. I had a great experience here!
2	I Don't I Don't really recommend this store...but I'm glad I went for comparison shopping.  I actually was not going to go based on the previous negative reviews, but I did hear from a friend of mine that she found her dress at I Do I Do and had no problems.  Since it's such a big store, I figured I should at least look here.  So, I made an appointment for last Saturday to check it out.  It was stop #5 of 5 of the dress shopping tour with mom and mom-in-law-to-be.We walked in and immediately felt like we were in a Costco type of warehouse.  The girls were communicating over their little walkie talkie type things.  I filled out some paperwork and was told that someone would be right with us.  "Can I start looking around a bit while I wait?" I asked."Nope - You need a sales associate to walk the floor with you," I was told.OK then...10 minutes later, Vicki came over and introduced herself.  She was friendly enough but lacked the confidence and experience I'd seen at some of the other stores.  Since I'd done some research on the lines that the store carried, I shared those with her and unfortunately, she didn't think they had any of the ones I'd written down in stock.  Actually, she wasn't familiar with any of them, and when we started walking the floor and choosing dresses to try on, she was not so knowledgeable either... furthermore, I felt a bit rushed - not the ideal bridal shopping experience at all.My mom asked Vicki how many dresses were in the store, and she said more than 2200 - talk about selection!  I found a few dresses that I liked, but none of them were "the one."  And had I found "the one" at I Do I Do, I'm not sure how confident I would've felt doing business at this store - I did not get the feeling that they are very customer service oriented...So, if you are looking for a bridal gown, this is a decent place to check out, and the dresses I did like were all reasonably priced. (All of the dresses I chose were under $700.) But in recapping I Do I Do with the moms afterwards, we compared I Do I Do to Target, not a higher end boutique like where I finally found "the one."
2	I went to I Do I Do because it was right down the street from my house. I had already purchased my wedding gown but still needed Bridesmaid dresses and Tuxes for the guys.Our original sales girl was great and very helpful. I had 9 girls in my party so dress shopping was a bit hecktic. I took 4 with me the first time, 2 had to make their own appointments and then I took the last 3 in...so I tried to make it as easy as possible. The store hours they keep are almost next to impossible to shop around, because twice they told me they didnt ALLOW bridesmaid dress shopping on satrudays...What business doesnt let customers come in to shop and GIVE THEM MONEY? Thats where all of our issues startedThe assistant Mgr was the nasty girl ever. She made my bridesmaids feel unwelcome and she was very rude to me. The owner of the shop finally stepped in adn after that it was smooth sailing. DO NOT use the alterations person they recomend that is next door to them, they botched one of te girls dresses so badly it was almost unwearable! We did get the guys tuxes through I do I do which carries the Jims Formalwear Line. The guys tuxes looked soooo good! We had only a slight issue with one of them not fitting and it was fixed asap! They do have a good selection. They just need better staffing.
2	Just don't.My review is really more about this TYPE of shop, and since this is the only one I went to, I don't have anything to base my comparison on.  My first gripe is that I don't feel like I was given much attention since I was only looking for a single bridesmaid dress (to wear as my wedding dress.)My second gripe is that if you're not a size 6 don't expect to try anything on.  I'm sorry, but I have a problem with waiting weeks for a dress I don't even know if I'm going to like when I put it on.  Maybe that's normal for bridal shops, and if that's the case, then I guess I hate bridal shops in general.And lastly, if they're going to act like a fancy, expensive store, then someone needs to tell them that headsets aren't fancy, and neither is their decor.They did have lots of dresses, though.  If you're looking for something you've seen in one of those wedding magazines, and your taste isn't too unusual, you can probably find it here.  If you don't mind not being able to try it on, and purchasing from people who think more highly of themselves than they should, then go here.
4	I don't know why so many people have left bad reviews, maybe I just caught an exceptional sales associate. The moment I stepped in, they showed me all the dresses in the shop, instructed me on how things worked, and then pointed me in the direction of the WHOLE ENTIRE SECTION where they kept their plus sized wedding gowns (in this case, plus sized means over a size 10 or 12...lame). Anyways, I tried on several dresses in all sizes from all sections of the store and I can tell you I was on the verge of saying "Eff it! I'll wear a freakin' potato sack on my wedding day" but the consultant I was assigned pulled a dress for me that I had overlooked. I fell in love. It was perfect and it was everything I wanted. The reason for the 4 stars is because I went back the next week to the Bridesmaid side and the girl I got was completely blah...she neglected to clamp the girls dresses when they needed it, she stood there and stared at me like I was carrying the plague in my purse and she was even slightly rude, sighing and looking at her watch at one point! Gross... I definitely wont be getting my bridesmaid dresses there.
2	Prices = Good. Service = Crap.Ordered a dress in December. Was told it'd be there in 16 weeks.Tick Tock, Tick Tock.20 weeks later, I call, am told it could take 24 weeks.Tick Tock, Tick Tock.Call back, and am told to keep waiting. Until June. "Your wedding isn't until October, so don't worry" (not what you tell a bride that is already stressed out about every little detail, and you can't even take the time to call the designer, find out when the dress will be shipped, and give her a little relief?)Worst service ever. Great to try on dresses, as they have a ton, but I seriously regret buying from them.... you vote with your dollars, and I regret mine.
3	I was a little worried getting my dress from here after reading the reviews but my experience was pretty good. It did take the full 6 months for my dress, however, so make sure you give yourself enough time. I was also worried about finding the dress of my dreams within my budget, but they had a great selection at all different price levels. They also have a great selection of bridesmaids dresses as well. One of the things that is a little annoying is that they do not do in-house alterations. I guess it is probably good though, because if they are not good at it, I would rather they not do it. They do give you recommendations for places to get your dresses altered though. Also, they were great about having my dress pressed before I picked it up the day before my wedding. Since I got my dress they have moved into a MUCH smaller location. It is not nearly as nice of a location any more. It didn't affect me, but it may affect future buyers.
4	wow! I gotta say I am surprised at the reviews when I read them.I went to I Do I Do (first stop in my wedding dress shopping).  Heather was my consultant.  She was amazing.  She didn't mind that I tried on dresses that I knew I probably wouldn't like, but had to try them on anyhow "just to make sure"  She said that is a good idea because what you think you don't like, you may be surprised.  So I tried on this dress "I didn't like"  (i told her to pick something if I came in here and had no idea what i wanted, I totally was like, 'no effin way') And now its a very top contender!   I LOVE this dress, its like she knew me, or at least what would look good on my body type. I haven't made a decision yet as I am beginning VERY early looking for a dress because I do not want to be stressed out as I'm trying to do everything else.  There is one dress that is my "DREAM" dress and Heather said they ordered it and should have it within a couple of months.  (which is good since I am having major surgery and will need recovery time, another reason I am doing so many things now).Heather knew I wasn't going to purchase that day, I told her flat out, but I feel she didn't treat me any differently than if I had a million dollars to spend.  My only complaint is that they do not allow pictures.  Right now I am trying to decide between 4 dresses... one is one from I do I do.   But I have no pictures of me in the dress to compare it to the other 3 (davids bridal and group usa)  Other than that I had a great experience.  I do not know who your consultants were.  I just say request Heather.  She was bubbly and upbeat.  She somehow made a size 16 dress fit on my body in a way that I could tell what it looked like.  I have a tattoo I want to cover during the ceremony and was concerned about it, she took the time to explain that we can add straps and showed me the different kinds of straps. it was just nice.(no i do NOT know her, I am not a friend of hers, and have no affiliation with her outside of this experience, I got her card and that is how I remembered her name)  I plan on going back to try on my dream dress and others, she told me that it would be okay a lot of people take a while to decide:)   I still don't even know if I will buy a dress from there or not, but we will see...Anyhow...  I am sorry you all had the experiences you did (like I had with Azteca Bridal Plaza, seriously do NOT go there, you can get better service at Goodwill)  Ronney
4	I loved shopping at this store - they were really friendly and helpful, let me go over my appointment time (by a lot!) and continued to accomdate me as I made up my mind about my dress, and ultimately purchased through them (on my 4th visit to their store).  Their selection is excellent, and their sample dresses are in good shape, and they have a good variety of price points.  Definitely the best bridal shop that I visited in terms of selection (good range of dresses, styles, designers, and price points), and one of the better ones in terms of service. Originally I was afraid I wouldn't have my dress in time for my wedding, but I got my dress in 6 full weeks prior to my wedding date, so enough time to get it tailored correctly.  Definitely advise brides to order as far in advance as possible, and definitely 6 months before you want your dress, so you won't stress out.
1	I came here looking to have my bridesmaids try on dresses. I'd called before hand to make sure they had the right dresses in stock and they said they did. But when I arrived, they couldn't find the dresses, the girl who was supposed to help me had no idea where to even find the section for a certain designer (their area of BM dresses was not that large), and when they gave up looking, they just left me. Didn't say they couldn't find them or that they weren't in stock. Then when I complained that they had said they had them on the phone, they blamed me and said I must not have said bridesmaid dresses when I asked on the phone. They were rude, unprofessional and I will never recommend them.
1	Just like a few others, we are trying to get our wedding dress that was fully bought and paid for before our August wedding. The owner is missing, and the phone is not working. In case you haven't been to the store, all of the merchandise is still there, so hopefully we will all be able to recover our items.In the meantime, I spoke with the property management company, Nobeus. They are taking names and contact information from anyone wronged by this and passing it along to an attorney. Please call 602.241.1741 and speak with either Chrystal (ext 14) or Ann (ext) to file your complaint.Good luck everyone!!
1	Brides,I spoke with Meghan at Lillian Lottie Couture in Scottsdale and she has offered to help brides locate their dress with a manufacturer and help out in any way possible!  Meghan put me at ease and was able to locate my dress with the manufacturer that I ordered from who confirmed that my dress is with them and is on hold - not to be shipped - until it is confirmed that the store is or is not closed.  Manfacturers will not be able to reassign the order or ship a dress to another retailer until that happens. Lillian Lottie's # is 480.941.6041.  Highly recommended!
5	I had an amazing experience here.  My consultant was nice and helpful but not pushy. I thought I wouldnt find anything in my price range ($600)because the dresses were so beautiful. But I quickly found 8 dresses to try on, I dont know why someone said dont try trying anthing on unless your a size 6. I am a size 12 and had so many options I had a hard time deciding at first. I found the dress of my dreams somewhat  in my price range and then they gave me 10% off for off the rack (in which the dress was in perfect condition).  I dont know about delivery time becasue i bought off the rack, but this place was a refreshing experience in comparison to other stores ive been too. I also saw a bride that was upset becasue she had to wait becasue she didnt have an appointment. Rule for bridal dress shopping. MAKE AN APPOINTMENT! and be respectful of your consultants time. Their time is just as valuable as yours. Most of the time if you are nice, they are nice.
