3	Busy for a mid-week rainy night, we stopped by to get our fix. There are only five tables in the store, plus a few right outside.The usual array of flavors including Chocolate and Vanilla, but also White Chocolate, Butter Pecan, Cookie Dough and a bunch more. Flavors change often depending on what they make. There's also a few freezers with pre-mixed ice creams and cakes in assorted sizes, shapes and flavors.Choose your size, which ranges from the very small (kids size) to small 5 ounce (named 'like it' on the menu) to medium 8 ounces (love it) and large 12 ounces (gotta have it), then pick your mix-in which again has what you would expect - various candy bars, nuts and fruits, plus graham cracker crust, waffle cone and the like. You can have a cup or a cone. They also offer assorted waffle cones and bowls, some of which were dipped in chocolate and sprinkles or nuts.So many choices, it was hard to settle. Once done, they hand scoop the ice cream and then with giant flat spoons, mix it up right in front of you.Reasonably prices for a dessert, plus throw in a dollar tip.
4	Tons of staff that are very helpful. Good ice cream!
5	Coffee ice cream is fantastic, much better than all the others.My son loves the cotton candy ice cream and the self serve yogurt.
2	We are here ordering an ice cream cake for a birthday party. The girl at the register couldn't give me any answers to my questions. She had to call the manager, who wasn't there, to even ask what the discount stickers on the coolers were... I ordered the cake anyways because that's what my daughter wanted but won't go there again... I don't do well with the "I don't know" responses when you get paid to work there...
2	Came in to kill some time and get a shake.  I still remember the popularity of Cold Stone when it first came out, but it seems like they are struggling a bit.  In my opinion you can't really get a bang for you buck at this place, maybe due to all the overhead in making their marketing products.I do like the "combinations" and options you have, but something did not feel right - maybe it was the high-schoolers that didn't really care that I stood and watching them do inventory while no one else was in the store.  I was not really in a hurry, but then again why was the store empty during the middle of the day on a weekend?
4	Skyler is by far my favorite. Not sure how I feel about them measuring now though. I guess the owner felt like they were giving away the house. Still a solid place though!
2	The ice cream is good, as far as that goes.  The prices are absurd.  Take a family of 4 here for dessert and you're out most of $40.  We could have bought 8 gallons of ice cream at the grocery store for what we paid for 4 individual servings.
5	Skyler and Natalie are awesome. Went there regularly prior to moving to Des Moines. I got bored with my regular order so trusted them to make my order...and it was ALWAYS awesome.
