4	When Le Sept moved a few years ago from a location in one of the closes off the High Street, it lost a location with a lot of character, but not any of the quality of the food. Now situated in Hunter Square, the restaurant is small enough to be cosy without feeling crowded in. The food is very good, and they have a very reasonable lunch menu which offers a good choice.Haven't eaten there in the evening, though.
3	This is a French Scottish place.  I had the sea bass which was good but a little small.  In general, the food is good but the prices are a little high.
5	Best. Crepes. Ever. FACT.If you need a reason to go to Le Sept, there it is. The crepes. The food is really good too, it's French (oorrghh orrghhh oorrghh - say it in a french accent) and so you know it's going to be good.It's lovely inside too, has a brilliant atmosphere and the staff are always really happy to help.I really want a crepe now.
4	Pretty solid French restaurant right in the heart of Edinburgh. Got me a French Onion soup, nothing special, and a nicoise salad with Scottish salmon. This was delicious. For dessert, a chocolate crepe... that was drowning in chocolate sauce. Oh my .Now that was one awesome dessert. It was quite the deal with the fixed price menu.
1	Mistake indeed. No atmosphere. Bland food. Rude service.I would like to elaborate but I am afraid I may become crass. We visited here  and I forgot then I already vowed not to set foot in this place when agreed to this visit. thus i gave them another chance, mistake. Over the years they have changed the lay out and decor. That is it I guess. Service and quality of food is questionable to say the least. It was perhaps we went with couple that run a B&B in France and they (& we) were expecting a little French hospitality and cuisine. Mistake. We instead got the French stereo type of ignorant and poohaa. And that was when I was truly trying to like it. OK - I haven't been here since, but I do hope that they have seriously changed their ways. However, with all the better places out there in Edinburgh I will not be spending my money here anytime soon.
