4	This Petco has really friendly staff. Their clearence bin is always full of good deals.
3	Well their prices are quite a bit higher than petsmart.  I recently got back into the dog market and have been going to Petsmart.  Petco was just a little more convenient so I ran in.  There does not seem to be very good organization.  Seriously, I want dog food and treats by the same vendor in the same aisle.  Actually, there was a $3 difference on the bag of snacks-higher at petco vs petsmart.  I bought my dog food, the girl at the register was friendly, and left.  Nothing great, but don't think I will be returning.  Maybe I need to look into a local store.  Not happy with the super chains...
1	I went to this Petco a few times and was a bit appalled at their rodents section, to be perfectly honest. Granted, it wasn't as bad as it could have been, but in my opinion, it was unacceptable.For one thing, there was six or seven rats packed in one cage that was, what . . . 1' x 9", 1 x 8"? Don't quote me on that - I'm not 100% sure, but regardless of the details, it was way too small for the number of rats that were in it. They weren't unhealthy; they didn't look very sick, but they definitely didn't look particularly healthy, either. The guinea pigs were what really shocked me, though. If you know anything about guinea pigs, you'll know they need a lot of space - even just for one. This cage was the same size as the rat's cage (they all were). They barely had enough to room to walk, much less exercise or popcorn (which my guinea pigs do often). There were two guinea pigs packed in that thing, when it was way, way too small for one baby guinea pig. It also didn't look that clean - all the cages, in my opinion, were grungy. The whole place felt grungy and grimy. And they obviously weren't cleaning the cages everyday, which they should be doing. It would be more unfair to the animals to do anything but at least a small cleaning each day.The prices are, indeed, pretty good, or at least better than the prices at the Petsmart I usually go to, so there's one point for Petco. At last, the employees. Are they nice and cheerful? Yes. That is, until you politely point out that the guinea pig cage is way too small for them to be healthy and happy (I was trying my hardest to be polite, although I could have come across as rude), they (or the one I talked to) immediately turn defensive, telling you "it's very temporary" and "we take them out every night" (which I don't believe, but maybe a Petco employee can correct me on that?) and make a face at you, not once telling you they'll tell their manager (even if they won't) or you may be right, like a good employee would.Want your customers to come back? Here's a good tip: don't tell them they're wrong about something, and rudely correct them, obviously trying to rush them out. Humor them, even if they are wrong about something.Overall, I would recommend not shopping here. They don't take good care of their pets, and their employees are rude if you care about the animals when they plainly don't. Good prices? They don't make up for that.I apologize if I made this too long, and thank you if you read all of this, regardless of whether or not you agree with me.
4	Always have great service here. So far the best Petco out of anywhere in the Valley!
3	My fiance made an appointment to groom our poodle mix at 1:30. I arrived a few minutes before the appointment and then had a discussion about what we wanted him to look like since every time he gets his haircut he looks awful. The two staff members were friendly about the entire thing. I told them that my fiance would be picking up the dog after work. They explained that he should wait until he get a phone call because they already have 2 dogs ahead of him. I leave and my fiance stops in after work. He is confused as to what the two employees are doing sitting around with no dogs in sight and why our dog has not gotten his haircut. She tells him that he is in the back drying and they told me that they would be calling when he gets done. He walks out and we pick up our dog a few hours later.
3	Petco could stand to up their game all across the valley. Believe it or not this is one of the better stores. Variance in pricing is annoying. Last time I bought food for my dogs it was 56.99 and today it was 62. This was only a month ago. The store kinda needs a facelift, but the staff is courteous and friendly. Nice selection of natural foods. Would like to try out the grooming and will update when I do.
3	I love Petco, it's been my go-to place for all my pet's needs (and I have a few), and I've always found what I needed here at reasonable prices...until recently.They have really started marking their prices up considerably and I'm not sure why. Not a dollar or two, but over four and five dollars on things that you can get at Target at the lower price. Bad news. (This applies to treats - not to specialty foods)The good news is that this place has a good selection, they are never out of anything I need and the people are really great. It's a pleasant place to shop. Just please adjust your prices to match with the big box stores, overpricing things you can get elsewhere for cheaper just seems like a bad idea (and I will gladly make an extra stop to save $5).  Even the rewards program here doesn't help with that!
