5	I have been using Rowan to manage my rental properties for approximately 3 years now, and I have to say it was one of the best business decisions I've ever made. Dealing with tenants and seemingly endless "upkeep" issues with the properties was turning into a full time job for me, with no such thing as "business hours" when a tenant had an emergency in the middle of the night. A business acquaintance recommended Rowan to me. I called, and in less than 24 hours they had taken over all the headaches of managing my rentals for a very reasonable fee. The paperwork involved was simple, easy to understand, and fast to fill out. Now I can go months without hearing a word about the properties...rent is automatically deposited in my account every month, great online statements, they look after all the HOA stuff...all in all a perfect way to go. Most of my dealings have been with Heather, who is unfailingly helpful, friendly, and professional. She has gone out of her way on quite a few occasions to accommodate my somewhat weird schedule. (ex. Picking up keys by my personal house at 9pm so I wouldn't have to make it to her office during business hours) In my dealings with the other staff, they have ALL seemed equally as professional and friendly. I would HIGHLY recommend this company to ANYONE who is looking to have their properties managed, looking to lease a property, or buy/sell a property. They're sanity savers!
2	I ended up being a tenant in one of the properties managed by Rowan because the owner of my condo switched property management companies. Two minor gripes:One, you have to pay your rent in their office, during their business hours. They no longer have a drop box, nor do they offer an online payment option. If you live far away or can't get to their office during their hours, you have to mail your rent in (which is fine, assuming you trust the Post Office). Two, I was flirted with, relentlessly, by a man working in their office. An offer of a candy cane is tolerable, multiple offers of leftover office party food is squicky and not much of an offer, repeated offers of a kiss (while I was on the phone with my dad) were unprofessional, to say the least. One major gripe (this one should serve as a warning to property owners looking for a management company):I received a certified letter from the HOA for my property (addressed to the owner of my condo), saying that the HOA fees had not been paid for months. Obviously, this would have no effect on me as the tenant, but it would certainly affect the owner, should he try to sell a property with a lien on it. I contacted Rowan and spoke to the owner, who asked me to forward him the letter in an email and he would take care of it. A month later, my condo's owner switched property management companies again. Last week, I received another certified letter from the HOA, stating that the fees still had not been paid. So much for Rowan "taking care of it". My new company has taken care of the issue, for real this time. Makes me wonder what other things Rowan has neglected to take care of.Oh and that last switch to my current property management company? The only reason I had any clue about the switch was because the new company called me. Rowan never bothered. I had to call them to verify that they no longer managed my condo. It makes me wonder how many months of rent I could have paid them before I found out. Poor client service, with lots of things slipping through the cracks.
2	I had them manage a couple of my properties for a few years and they were OK then their office manager or the main person I dealt with suddenly was gone then the service went downhill, really very poor service which was costing me money.  Hired a new management company and am much happier now.  Overall not a good experience with them.
1	I have been a tenant with 3 different rental companies over the past 5 years and Rowan Realty has been THE worst management company I've had to deal with.  They took 3 weeks to fix my dyer and I had 2 large holes in my walls along with no carpet in the hallway upstairs for over 2 months as they neglected to follow up and handle fixing the leaking AC unit.  Not to mention terrible customer service both from the office and the owner himself.  They don't seem to care about customer service at all and have kept the state of the home they are managing in terrible condition.
1	If you are an investor/owner, my advice is to NOT hire Rowan Real Estate & Rentals to manage your property.  I did, but ultimately was compelled to fire them for poor service.  They exhibited little professionalism and competence in protecting my income stream and my investment.  My distinct impression is that they are focused solely on their month-to-month bottom line.My chief complaint centers around the handling of tenant security deposits.  Tenant A (my first managed by RRE&R) started to become habitually late with the rent.  Then, in the final month of the lease, he/she paid no rent at all.  What did RRE&R do?  Nothing.  They used the security deposit to "cover" the last month's rent, the tenant left town, and that was that.  But wait, there was some $2500 damage to my property caused by abuse.  With no security deposit,  I of course had to come up with the full amount.  Now, while not the most costly aspect of this episode, I am particularly irked by the fact that RRE&R took their normal commission on the last month's rent.  In essence I paid them for NOT collecting rent.  The main thing to take from this is to RRE&R a tenant's security deposit exists to insure RRE&R's income stream, not the owner's investment.There's more.  Foolishly I let them manage my next tenant.  Tenant B immediately became increasingly tardy with the rent each month.  I saw where this was going and finally terminated our contract.  As part of the transfer of management services (to another management company), RRE&R helped themselves to $400+ of tenant B's security deposit.  Without a word of explanation, and without any accounting.  On inquiry I was told that the $400+ was for past due late fees and the like.  I have no knowledge of the local business practice in this area, nor what was written into their contract with the tenant, but I would have preferred that they actually collect such fees from the tenant, rather than taking it from a pool of money that is (arguably to some measure) mine as well.
