3	If you like greasy New York Pizza, this is the best place to go around this area. When I say greasy, I mean dripping with it. I have been on a pizza kick for the last year, and New York style is by far my favorite. I don't mind greasy, but my stomach does not like it so much. The cheese is very good, but it's much better when the pizza is hot and fresh. The sauce they use is very tasty. Perfect thin crust. I've had the garlic bread as well. The bread is very good and seem to be made there, but I only wish it was a tad bit more salty. I'm only 27, but I will probably have artery problems soon due to my salt intake.The service is good, friendly and very " New Yorkish " Everyone I've talked to has a thick accent. They deliver if you don't feel like going out to grab it. They are very reasonably priced. Try it out for yourself, and if you don't like it...there are plenty of New York Pizza places in Vegas.
2	I've had pizza at Ray's Pizza in NYC and this pizza does not come close. It was all soggy. The staff was really nice. I might come back and try some of the other things on the menu.
5	This was the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas.  It's about as close as any other pizza place to Nellis, but the great pizza and the awesome owners who treat you like family make sure I'll be going back as often as I can.
5	I discovered this gem nearly a year ago...Now we're here two to three times a week...Without a doubt the best Italian food I have ever devoured...I luv the pepperoni and sausage pizza...Owner Lillo slices his Italian sausage, not the little kernels of stuff other places put on their pies...And cheese?  He throws three handfuls on each pie...The pasta is great and the sandwiches are tops...All fresh...All home made...All really, really good...Stop in and see for yourself...Meet JoAnne and  Lillo and you too will be back...SOON!  This chub boy knows good grub and Vincenzo's NY Pizza is just about the best you will find in the Vegas Valley...Ciao
5	we were visiting Las Vegas and wanted some good Pizza. Found Vincenzo's off the Strip, It is some of the best pizza I ever had. It also comes with garlic knots which my wife loved. They make all their own sauce and meatballs. Very small MOM & POP type of place, Very freindly.
5	I'm not a HUGE pizza fan.  But when I get that craving I am happy to have Vincenzo's around the corner.  By far the best pizza I have had in Vegas and the owners are most definitely from NY.  The pizza is the kind you have to fold when you eat.  Juicy with the cheese dripping.  You might have to bust out the forks to get it all.  Just a tip, don't order extra cheese!
4	A little place owned by a friendly Italian guy named Lillo who looks like he stepped out of a Nintendo game and doffed his plumbers cap.Had pizza by the slice and something I think he called a pinwheel.  The pizza was good, and he piled on the toppings. The pinwheel was delicious, too.Unfortunately, one of our party found a hair in their salad which put a damper on the experience but overall, the service and food will draw me back.
4	This was my favorite place I ate at while I was staying in Vegas. The Bronx Bomber was awesome! It's like a calzone with cheese, chicken and a chicken wing sauce. I know it sounds weird but it was super good. I ate about three quarters of it and was done. My girlfriend and I got a Large Prosciutto, Mozzarella, Fresh Basil and Garlic pizza and a Bronx Bomber for $32.43. We had tons of left over's. The pizza was good. I don't eat thin crust pizza too often but I enjoyed it. The guy who made our pizza gave us some free knots while we waited. I would definitely go back to this place and get a Bronx Bomber if I had the chance.
4	Great tasting dough with cheese and toppings laid on thick. Alltogether a great NY style PIZZA.
4	Went here for the first time yesterday. The prices are reasonable and the staff was very friendly. Ordered a 10-inch pepperoni pizza that ended up being more like 14 inches! The pizza was really good - the crust was some of the best I've ever had. The pizza was a little greasy, but it's supposed to be, right? IT'S PIZZA! They also threw in some garlic knots, which were pretty tasty. Also got some chicken fingers. I ordered them to be hot, which I've learned usually means they get the same sauce that mild and medium orders get, just a lot more of it. The fingers at Vincenzo's were no different. Don't get me wrong - they were good, but nothing spectacular. They do pizza by the slice, which is super convenient. I really want to try the Bronx Bomber, so I'll definitely be back.
3	Good but nothing extraordinary.  Stopped on my way through Vegas.  Employees were friendly.  Pizza is better than the chains but not off the charts great.
4	Came here to order some pizza and wings for the boyfriends surprise party last year. I know, it's been a while! But it was obviously that good because I still remember how delicious it was!Joanne (owner and wife of the chef) gave me some free samples, so I'd know what to order for the party. She's from Bronx and her hubby's from Sicily. Match made in pizza heaven! The Bronx Bomber was frickin' yum!! They load their pizzas with cheese, crust was good- crispy and soft on the inside, and their wings look like they're on steroids. I even had a slice of plain cheese pizza (and I hate plain cheese pizza), and there were so many flavors going on that I absolutely loved it! Time to head back over there and grab a slice!
5	So sad to say that the co-owner, Lillo, passed away recently and they have closed Vincenzo's NY Pizza.Many customers have lost a dear friend, a great Italian chef and a great human being.His widow, Joanne, has the sympathy of all his treasured customers over the past few years.Lillo is already missed.  And I miss those delicious pizzas he tossed and baked for me and my friends.But rest assured Lillo is now putting those wonderful pies in the oven up there in heaven. Buddy, save me a pepperoni...OK?
4	I just found out that they closed. Shame, it was good Pizza.
