4	As the nicer of the two Ah-Sos in Arrowhead,  I dig this one better.  It's newer, larger and more stylish.  This place rakes the people in for lunch time, and you have the option to sit teppenyaki style (around a huge grill) or at a table.  We always opt for teppenyaki.  Never much of a wait for lunch, but I understand dinner can be hectic in this corner of the Valley known for Applebees and Chilis.The food here is fresh, flavorful and always done up with a typical entertainer-like cleaver chop show - and service by these guys is usually stoic and efficient.  This time I ordered the grilled shrimp and chicken done up with fried rice and veggies - and it was delicious.  I tend to stay away from the sushi although they do have it here - so can't speak to that.I come here infrequently, as lunch can set you back $15 - $20 or so.  But make no mistake - it's worth it.
2	Decent sushi (taking into consideration that this is AZ) but service and parking were horrible.Waited 15 minutes to get any type of recognition from our waitress.  We ordered appetizers and various rolls and nigiri pieces.  The sushi came out before the appetizers.   When the appetizers did arrive they were a disappointment.  Well, I take half of that back, the edamame was good (hard to screw up) but the calamari was 1. weird it wasn't traditional calamari but long breaded and fried planks of calamari 2. gross.  It seriously tasted like it came out of a Gordon's frozen box.  Almost like a really bad, huge fishstick. Anyhow, like I said, the sushi was good.  We had the dragon roll, unagi, spicy tuna roll, yellow tail and an avocado roll.  Warning: The spicy tuna roll will kick your ass.  It was really spicy.  Really, really spicy.  Non-food observations: No wait for sushi, but I guess there was like a 20-30 minute wait for the steak portion of this place.  The decor was fine.  Industrial-ish building/floors and an aquarium behind the sushi bar (I didn't get to see the area in back which I am guessing is the grill area the other review talked about).  Parking was HORRIBLE.  They've got this weird half circle parking lot that doesn't have any kind of escape back in the corners so if you go back there and there isn't a space you have to make a 12 point turn to get out.  Drove around in the parking lot for 10 minutes looking/waiting for a spot.  It doesn't really help that people in Arizona are notoriously bad at taking forever to pull out of their spots...
3	I have only eaten here 5 times.  Twice my order was wrong.  Once they fixed it, the other they refused.  All in all the food is average for the genre.  The decor was nice.  The hostess was rude.  The parking is entirely inadequate.  My last visit was in honor of my daughter's 17th birthday; we came at her request for lunch.  Though I mentioned to the hostess that this was for a birthday nothing was done by the staff to commerate it.  Yes, it was wrong of me to expect something, but hey, even a little scoop of ice cream and a song would have been nice.The server was excellent and the hibachi chef was entertaining.  My daughter loved her tempura and all in all she had a memorable meal.Because it was lunch time in the middle of the week the parking was easy.  Thank goodness.A bump up of two stars from my last reveiw due to the easy parking and the waiter.
4	I live 5 minutes away from Ah-So and love having a good sushi place so close to home!  I usually just sit at the bar and order sushi but the fish is fresh and the bartenders are friendly and give good service.  The atmosphere is perfect for hanging out with friends over the deliciousness that is a yellow tail and scallion roll and a couple of cocktails after a long day at work. Would have made five starts if you could ever find a place to park... Seriously poor planning.
3	I went there in a party of 4 to celebrate a birthday.  There are several now in the valley and I was to find out they are locally franchised rather than a chain. The atmosphere seemed a bit antiseptic and bright for a Teppan style restaurant but I got over it. Whoever issued the building permit with that few parking spaces should be shot, the restaurant was only half full and I counted 2 open spaces in the lot before I took mine. Part of the parking is taken over by valet services. That seems to be a big thing here in Arizona because of the summer heat. We had a reservation for 6PM on a Friday which is the latest they will accept reservations. They used to have an hour or more wait on Friday and Saturday nights and advised Manuel to take advantage of the reservation. Not a good move on their part, we would have had 3 more people in our party if we could have made a reservation later or had been told they never fill the place up nowadays because of the economy. The Sushi bar and regular service side of the restaurant was busier but still not full. We left just before 8 and noticed they were seating 1/2 full tables at the grills and most of the grills were going unused.The dinner itself was excellent, I had a filet and a Kirin along with the normal soup,salad,rice and veggies. Even though stated on the menu we were not offered white rice as an option but the fried rice was made right there on the grill and was good. Priced appropriately (the bill was about $4 less than at Mizumo's for an identical meal in July). The couple to my left were not very hungry and chose to split a meal, at $8 it wasn't bad because it gave each a full serving of soup, salad, rice, veggies and only the entree was split.  At a table of 9 only a gentleman about my age and I were using chopsticks for most of the meal (I never picked up my fork!). The show was a bit on the weak side but the cook (Korean, raised in D.C.) was more open and friendly than many of the Teppan chefs I have been served by. His favorite take out is Mexican 24hr taco shop. :-). The chef made a flaming birthday cake out of an onion and the restaurant brought the birthday woman a medley of ice cream. The wait staff was attentive without getting in the way. I would have given a 4 if it had better parking.  The location on Bell is actually closer to where I live and has more parking so I may try to talk someone into trying that one with me.
2	This review disregards the Teppanyaki portion of the restaurant... I have no idea what that's like, and if it's the same quality as the sushi, it's probably pretty good.That being said, here's the explanation for the rating:We went in a group of four, mostly because I wanted sushi, and it was close by. We had an easy time parking, probably because it was 3 in the afternoon, but we soon found out that was the only benefit to arriving at that hour of the day.The hostess was very kind and cheerful, but instead of suggesting our available options, asked us open-endedly (and somewhat confusingly) how she could help us for dinner. I can understand this response when you walk into a retail store and there are lots of options, but really, when you're a restaurant host/ess, the most you're going to be able to offer is table, bar, or takeout (in this case, we didn't know what our options were, so it would have been good if she had offered some). Seeing a group of four, with a little brain power, one can probably infer we wanted a table. Perhaps a silly point, but it started us off on a somewhat awkward foot.The waitstaff was efficient, but easily confused and didn't seem to understand our questions or requests very well, as though there were a language barrier to a degree.The sushi (my dish) was well presented, fresh and tasty, but I had to pay $6 more for a meal that would have cost me less if I had come in (possibly) even a half an hour earlier. The menu listed both lunch and dinner items but had no indication when one menu ceased being served and the other started, but to the best of my knowledge, 3 P.M. is a very early dinner time even for people who eat early suppers.For the price that we paid (around $18/person) the other food did not seem up to par. My husband ordered Chicken Yaki Soba, and our friends ordered and shared a dish of Chicken Teriyaki that was definitely large enough for both of them to share and had two sauces which were identified neither by the waitstaff nor the menu. The Yaki Soba was *ok*, and the vegetables that came with the chicken teriyaki were a little less than lukewarm and the chicken itself, in both the Teriyaki and Yaki Soba were dry. Needless to say, we had to pay dinner prices for food that had been obviously hanging around after lunch.I might recommend this place as a good location for lunch sushi, because the lunch prices for sushi were very reasonable, and the sushi was very fresh and the chef seemed to know what he was doing. Even at a lower price the other food was not well made. Make sure you go specifically at "lunchtime" because otherwise you'll be stuck with dinner prices in the middle of the afternoon, and you might get better quality entrees than we did.
4	I really liked this place.  Warning: there are TWO Ah-So restaurants within a few miles of each other.  We actually had reservations at the OTHER Ah-So, but by the time we got parked, into this place, and realized that we were at the wrong place, we stayed.  We only had to wait 5-10 minutes to sit at the "cooking table".  Our chef was entertaining, and the food was delicious.  We were pleasantly surprised to find that they had a $5 sake bomb special that included a large container of sake and a HUGE Sapporo beer - enough for four sake bombs.  Our experience as a whole was great - I'd go back!
2	I took my mom and sister out for sushi one night. We stopped by this Ah-So location because we were nearby. However, we ended up going to their other location.They only have two regular tables and all of the others are high stools. I realize the high stools and tables are trendy, but they aren't practical or considerate of all patrons (e.g., for older patrons a high stool is not easy to get on and off). In addition, the two regular tables were near a drafty door and a large sign that had the nightly specials was right against one of the regular tables. Anyway, needless to say we ended up leaving because the atmosphere did not feel welcoming and we wanted to celebrate a family special occasion. I'm not sure about the quality of food since we didn't even make it to a table. But their other location was good and accommodating.
2	Going out on a birthday date, I wanted to give my date a good first time sushi eating experience. Though was left pretty dispointed and a somewhat hefty bill that was beyond what the food was worth.Because this was on a Monday night, it hardly had more than 7 people inside so parking was a breeze. Inside the layout is pretty akward, and the high tables dont make it easy to be close to your date, the wide tvs were a nice touch and a huge selection at the bar.Though the atmosphere was far from welcoming, we ordered the calimari for the appetizer and two rolls (shrimp and the dragon)The calimari was very small in portion but i didnt mind cause it was extremely tough and bland. Our order sat on the counter for 20 minutes before the waitress finally took the time to stop gossiping with another co worker. The rolls were again bland. My date and I eventually decided to just leave and order from the nearby panada express which sadly was FAR better and cheap.
4	I came here a couple of weeks ago with a friend for lunch and didn't realize it was like Benihana's back home. We got some rolls to share (some kind of deep fried dragon roll and a special shrimp roll they had that day with shrimp tempura, crab and unagi), both of which were pretty good.We also ordered the Tepenyaki grill and it was fun to see the chef cook it for us on the grill. You get your choice of meat, and they cook it on the tabletop with fried rice and seasonal veggies, which I liked bc usually you get white rice and some brocoli with carrots. They also gave us these two dipping sauces which were pretty tasty. You get some soup with it as well (not miso). The only thing I didn't like was that it was lunchtime, but not busy at all, yet  service was slow. They might have had maybe 4 other customers, but it took almost 10 min to get water, then another 10 to take our order and then the grill had to heat up, so it was like a 30 min wait before we got to actually eat. At least the rolls came out fairly quickly. I would've liked to have seen some bento box options on the menu too.
1	I'll start from the beginning... When this place is busy (for some unknown reason) the parking is a nightmare due to the lack of space and the inexperienced drivers. The absolute WORST thing was me witnessing the valet girl stalling someone's car. I really couldn't help but laugh - why would you be valeting cars if you didn't know how to drive stick?!When you walk in everything is kind of new and trendy looking. I noticed a lot of younger people like to go here so if that's not your crowd then this isn't where you want to be after 7pm. I personally don't like "trendy-young-and-cool" sushi spots. I've only gone for dinner time so I can't speak for what it's like at lunch. The few times I've been here the sushi wasn't all that great - and I feel I'm a pretty good judge when it comes to the sushi department. I try to give new places a chance so I've been here maybe 3 times. Sushi still wasn't all that, our service always left something to be desired, and the last straw....I COULD NOT BELIEVE after mediocre borderline poor service, our waitress had THE NERVE to hand me our bill and circle the suggested tip she wrote down. Seriously? I always tip my servers well and accordingly, and a whole lot more when the service is excellent. I rounded out my bill to the next dollar and will never come back here again.
4	In Peoria, this is where we love to go to for sushi. The bar tenders are friendly. The prices are not too bad. My niece loves the chicken here. If you come during the week there you don't have to wait, and the food is just as good!
1	Absolutely hands down the worst sushi I've ever had. I wouldn't  even say the food was fish-stick grade, much less sushi grade.  The wasabi was bland, my salmon roll was warm 'fishy' smelling and the order came out so fast I swear it had to have been pre-made.  If they offered me free sushi for life I still would never go back. Never. Yuck!
4	i go to ahso regularly.I went there last night with couple of my friends, just to grab some sushi and teppanyaki food.theyr sushi used to be A LOT better, but i still go mainly because i think they have the most fresh seafood in terms of sushi grade(I love sushi and ive been in many places to try)i normally sit at a dinning table mainly because it is A LOT faster.NOW.I dont know if ill ever go back to this restaurant again because of what i saw last night.this some short asian dude always comes on weekends and roams around the store. (im assuming he is the owner, cuz I see him buying drinks for ppl and stuff)I know hes not the manager, because ive seen their managers before and they are both nice. (The female one is pretty HOT! lol)Getting to the point,that little asian dude..WAS ACTUALLY FORCING HIS EMPLOYEES (A HOSTESS AND  A SERVER) TO *DRINK* with the group of people that he was with.(I overheard what they were saying, so i clearly knew they were drinking not by their own will)HOW UNPROFESSIONAL.it made me wonder if this happened regularly and that i am being served by possibly a drunk person.Their food is great, I love their giant screen TVs, but im not too sure if ill ever go back because of what i saw.
4	I came to Ah So for a friend's birthday. The cooks were awesome and really put on a good show. The food was decent, but a bit over priced. However, the service and show made up for the higher cost.
3	Nice atmoshphere. I expected to find a sushi bar and grill however I didn't realze it was a full Japanese steak house with hibachi, etc. The food was okay and the atmosphere too.
1	Not really a sushi place. More like a sports bar. They are the kings of spicy imitation crab. It's everywhere, on everything. Even just laying around the plate for "presentation". This is our last visit.
3	Good food, bout what I expected for prices. They did accommodate our party of 17 which was cool. We had our own little room area. Chefs were just OK, no cool tricks.
4	Good service from pretty waitresses - now that's what I'm talking about! Came here twice for dinner after work with my coworkers and we're now fans. You can sit at the bar or at a table. If you're in the mood, you can also sit at the hibachi tables in the back. They have big screen TVs and the restaurant is spacious and clean. I think it's cute that the waitresses wear shirts that say "Sake to me". The food comes out fast! One of my coworkers ordered a chicken and shrimp dish (because she's not into raw fish) and it smelled gooood! And her plate was huge!! While me and my other coworker ordered a smorgasbord of sushi, tuna tataki and seaweed salad. I satisfied my sushi craving for the night!
2	I was seated quickly however no one told us that there were not enough chef's for the tables. So after 45 minutes of waiting we left because we had movie tickets.  (I have no idea when the chef actually came, my guess is an hour) I've enjoyed this place before, however, I doubt I'll come back. If a restaurant wants business they respect their customers. I appreciate it when the staff is honest with their patrons.  I prefer that they let us know ahead of time that there is a long wait and then I can make that decision myself if I want to wait or not. Instead I waited for 45 minutes thinking a chef was on his way any minute.
4	Good, healthy food.  Great for families with children. Service was excellent. My kids loved sitting at the hibachi table. Shrimp and scallops were very good.
3	Always in the pursuit of cheap drinks, my beau and I picked Ah-So to celebrate the end of the semester. Happy hour fit in perfectly with my night class schedule so away we went! The place has flat screen on the walls, loud music bumping, and strong drinks but is not very popular for some reason. I'm really not sure why this place was empty since it really set the party vibe well. We ordered our whole meal and about six drinks off of the happy hour menu. I liked all the sushi, and the edamame specifically was fantastic. My Long Island was a little too strong, and my beau ordered me a celebratory Cosmo (my first one). Apparently, it didn't taste right, but I wouldn't really know the difference. Overall, a decent experience that I would gladly repeat sometime soon.
2	Ok, I have eaten at the Ah-so on Happy Valley road several times and this is horrible in comparison!!!  I ordered the shrimp, which is what I have gotten at the other location, and it was practically inedible.  Everything just tasted 'off'.  To top it off,  I showed up with my handicap grandmother, exactly on time for our reservation, with the other people in our party literally pulling into the parking lot.  My grandma has trouble standing and getting up and down.  I explained this to the hostess and she would not seat us!  I even said I would order for them (even though they were just a few moments behind us).  Very bad experience at this location and will never return.
1	Omg really loud ... Not good at all.. Extremely loud .. The host sat us right underneath the blasting speakers not cool..
4	I know the management here and gotta say the sushi and sashimi is suprisingly good for being in  phoenix, AZ. good portions and cheap price. had the sushi/sashimi combo and the sashimi combo. really fresh and high quailty fish. the rolls here are also very good. place has a college party atmosphere to it with loud club music bumpin and dj playing music.
5	I don't venture out of Phoenix that often but this place is hot for Peoria AZ. Reverse happy hour is DIRT cheap, but taste like a 5 star restaurant!   Waitress are attentive never let our group of 15 hang.  I had a drink in hand a gay joke to tell every time.  :)  I had few things on  the happy hour menu, Of course the spicy tuna roll, simple, nice down that, calimari strips, not over cooked just right, maybe a little salty but super good, and I had there spicy chicken wings, which honestly was a little spicy for my taste, even though I like my Sh#^ hot!!!  Each item I orderd was under $5 bucks.  Amazing deal.  Well then you had the drinks which were also on happy hour where incredible cheap...compared to your sister city SCOTTSDALE....  With my food and my 4 drinks I forked out a merely 30 bucks which is nothing......GREAT PLACE TO GO!!!!   BTW awesome di!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	If you've never had teppanyaki, you should try it. The food was good and the service was fine, but I would rather spend $30 a plate on something a little more personal.The teppanyaki experience is unique. It's something I do recommend once, but for that kind of money, you can get much more than a cheesy show and a shared table.
2	Pricey and boring. Everything tasted the same for crying out loud.
5	My wife and I are very picky when it comes to Japanese food. The food here was the best we've had in a very, very long time. The service was great with lots of smiling faces. We went here for our 19th anniversary and we'll be back very soon. My wife wanted to come back the next night!!! This is now the restaurant we will take our friends to (especailly if they pay) for dinner.
2	I went here today with a friend for lunch.  We were looking for a good teppanyaki experience.  I've had better than Ah So.  The cook barely spoke to us.  The show lasted between 10-15min, and there was no flare.  I am a regular at Hayashi and was hoping for a comparable experience.  This was not.  We had the gyoza and california roll which were the best part of the meal.  The rest of it was eh.  The vegetables were bland, the rice was unflavorful, and the chicken was dry.
4	We went back for dinner on 6/2/12 after seeing a movie. We had our usual of steak & chicken for me and chicken & shrimp for my wife. This time we dined in the dining room and were served the same proportions as if we ate at the hibachi grill. Both dinners were great and i usually don't eat a lot of veggies, but the veggies here were very tasty and I actually wanted more. The soup this time was Miso and I'm not a big fan of it. The staff again were very polite and accommodating. We are very happy with this restaurant and will definitely be back again.
5	I am a huge fan of Ah-So! Their Tepan experience is great! The fillet, the shell fish, calamari, scallops, etc are all very tasty.  The few sushi entrees that we have tried have been very tasty and fresh. We have also tried the gyoza and it is very good as well for an appetizer. The mixed drinks are so so. I would recommend getting a Japanese beer. We have always had great service and friendly cooks and wait staff.
4	We found ourselves here by accident last week, since the wait outside Yen (highly rated and just up the road from Ah-So) was INSANE.FORTUNATELY..... Ah-So offers reverse happy hour deals to contend with their competitor.A friendly waitress in traditional Japanese attire seated us immediately; $5 sake bombs were in front of us within 2 minutes (and complimentary miso soup); sushi was presented to us within 5 minutes of taking our order. This was probably the FASTEST service I have ever had.We ordered four rolls - three off the wonderfully priced happy hour menu - and I chose a cherry blossom roll off the regular menu because I couldn't resist the fresh combination of three meats.Yes, we were hungry. Yes, it was a nice, cool atmosphere with a little fish pond in the middle of the restaurant that enhanced the mood. Yes, there was alcohol consumed.  (Yes, there was an awkward couple across the room having a first date, which was entertaining to narrate: a little extra fun for us.) But, I can say with confidence, EVERYTHING was DELICIOUS. My cherry blossom roll was a fantastic choice, and I have found myself daydreaming about it since the visit.  My boyfriend was so impressed by the tempura roll - I want to say it was the Vegas - that he became giddy and proposed with a dollar-store ring right then and there.  We frequent sushi restaurants - I would say we are connoisseurs even - and I have never seen him so excited over a tempura roll (especially enough to elicit a proposal with a gaudy ring).Total bill.....thirty dollars. Does it get any better than this?The only reason I do not give this place 5 stars is that I do not love the location off the busy Bell Road. Also, it is next to one of those questionable massage parlors that has late hours. But maybe for some customers, that would only add to the appeal after a few too many happy hour sake bombs......:)
1	So we come from California where there is a lot of sushi to choose from and it is my favorite food so I have been searching for good sushi here this is not the place.Anyways the small amount of fish in my roll and the horrible service did not satisfy my craving and I will never go back it was like a sushi bar that was trying to be a dance club and the waiters were all very distracted by that. They never refilled our drinks anyways I finally found the perfect sushi place ill write a review for them later :)
1	I have to say I have been there a few times before and had a blast. This time it was was such a let down. I took my kids thinking they would do what they are known for the show. We got our soup/ salad and in 5 min the guy came to make out food. No tricks no nothing. He made the rice. No flavor at all. The steak and chicken was to dry. We were there all for about 30 min. The manager gave me. 10% off my bill. Not much at all. I don't like spending 114.00 and not getting great service. I will never be back. Over all the worst place I have been to in a long time.
1	Horrible service and the worst part the sushi was below mediocre. Yen or Wasabi are much better options. (worth the wait)When we received our appetizer we had to ask for plates. Then the worst part the runner brings our sushi out and no sign of the waitress for thirty minutes. Her name: Hannah.I look around for her or someone, she is nowhere to be seen. I get up and go to the sushi bar and get my own dishes. Otherwise we'd be eating sushi with no wasabi,  ginger, or soy sauce. I ask to speak to the manger and he is pretending to write something down like he was taking notes and asked if we wanted an appetizer. Um no sir we only saw the waitress after we were done eating, why would we want an appetizer or drink when we are leaving. He says well next time you come in tell me and we'll do something for you. Next time I come in? That would be a never ever! Tacky place. If you're a early twenty something's westsider who doesn't care for sushi then this is your place.
4	Based on the other reviews, it seems my girlfriends and I have been lucky whenever we stop in for dinner/happy hour. Our waitresses (especially today - I wish I got her name) are very sweet and accommodating. I don't eat pork, and they always substitute and replace menu items to make sure I can order what I want. This location's set-up is better than the one on 61st (larger and with music) so we always come here. To be honest, I'm a Yen junkie (their happy hour sucked me in)...  but whenever me and the girls want to switch it up, we always drop by Ah-So and enjoy ourselves.
3	We decided to try Ah-So after an amazing teppanyaki experience on our honeymoon (Teppan Edo at Walt Disney World). We thought this one was pretty awesome too and have been back a couple of times since.The setting was not near as good as it was in EPCOT, which was too be expected, but we thought it was neat nonetheless. The food here was excellent, although a little bit worse than Teppan Edo. One thing we thought was better was that the chefs here seemed a little more skilled and did a couple more neat tricks than we got to see in Florida. The show here was in some ways better than the one we had seen before. The biggest issue here is that everything is way more expensive than it should be. Although the service was pretty good and our server was always there to get us what we needed, so that was appreciated. Overall, I enjoyed Ah-So, but the prices can no longer justify the experience. I would highly recommend going to Benihana instead for a much better value.
2	My husband, who is half Japanese, and I love Japanese cuisine. We have eaten at AhSo on several occasions for a number of reasons, none of which include quality food or service.  The location is convenient and the Tepenyaki offers a fun experience as well as an alternative to sushi for those who don't eat raw fish.  Unfortunately our last visit was more of the same - terrible service & mediocre food at best.  Tokyo Lobby or Fresh Wasabi (which we just discovered now serves Tepenyaki) are much better alternatives for sushi on the west side.
1	This location only, the staff is rude. The waiters/waitresses are slow. My last experience at this location was for a birthday. We had 7pm reservation everyone was there we still waited an hour to be seated & then another 55min to get our food! The 63rd ave and Bell location is amazing & a much better option!!
1	Just go to Tokyo Lobby on 59th and bell. Better prices, happy hour, and by far better food. I was only going to Ah So cause it was cheap and all I knew about.
3	This place is OK.  The food is always good but parking can be tricky at times.  It is my least favorite of the 3 locations although it is still a very nice restaurant.. I would recommend heading to the 63rd and Bell location if you feel the food is more important than the aesthetics ..
4	I took my family here it's the first time I had sushi since leaving CalifOrnia. So I admit I'm really picky when it comes to my sushi but this place was good! Tastes were great prices were good and the chef for the teppenakki was very sweet and amazing entertainer!  This is my new favorite spot!
1	sushi taste like the one from super market,  i have to ask refills couple of times, very poor service. The food itself is nothing amazing, or tasty, you are not missing anything besides a waste of your time.
4	I came here as part of my "movie night" outing and I really enjoyed.  The service was quite good the server was always very attentive and the sushi was good.  We had 4 different kinds and they ranged from REALLY good to tastes good.  Considering the size of the place, the parking was a bit "tricky" as I read, but all in all it was a really good experience.
5	I love teppenyaki!I love their Vegas rolls! I love the chefs! I love AH-SO!I just don't love their prices. You do get top of the line quality though!
4	Ambiance is nice- the sushi is superb, but the service could be better. Nice tunes from the dj and happy hour drink prices can't be beat!
5	We stopped coming here a year or so ago. Food was so so, wait staff surly, and never left feeling like I enjoyed a nice meal.  Fast forward to last week, our favorite Ichiban on 99th and McDowell has suffered, Fresh Wasabi still good but hardly great, and I had a gift certificate.  Wait staff now attentive, friendly, acts like they are there to serve you, but the food, the food is the freshest, most creative, balanced, and in all ways now the best sushi in Phoenix (or my side).  Talked to the manager, I guess they identified an issue (or a couple) and have been working on correcting the problem including a new fish vendor direct from LA.if you haven't been for awhile, give it a try again.  The hamachi kama is the bomb.  The vodka fired dishes are incredible.
4	This is our favorite Teppanyaki place, never has sushi at this location.  Expect to pay $25 for a typical entree.  We usually skip drinks to save $$$.The atmosphere is nice, good separation between the bar/sushi area and the cooking tables.  I never expect anything but average service from a Japanese Restaurant and this is no exception.  Most recently I had Scallops/Shrimp combo and it was delightful.  Scallops prepared excellent, not rubbery, can't say the same thing about the shrimp.  Daughter had chicken which always tastes a bit funny to me and son had NY Steak and wife opted for the Filet.  As a family we all love their fried rice as part of the entree' it's what keeps us coming back.  Miso soup was average and the salad was quite good.As they say, we all left fat dumb and happy with some leftovers for lunch the next day.Family of four with tip, $115.
3	I've been coming here consistently twice a month for three years (give or take). I have to say the food has ALWAYS been 5 stars excellent! Sushi is mouth watering (sweet and spicy crunch roll!!), great fried rice, and delicious combinations. The reason for three stars is the service is awful, I can honestly say I have never had great service once, and only had decent service MAYBE twice. I don't know what the problem is because it doesn't seem like the waitresses even have many tables each? I would definitely recommend sitting at the sushi bar because they are always friendly, and at least present to help you with anything.so all in all, horrible service but the food is so good I can't stop coming back!
4	This was my first visit to Ah So and I was pleasantly surprised.  We have our die-hard favorite sushi place but decided to do a Tepanyaki dinner for an early Father's Day dinner.  We were a party of 7 and shared a table with another party of three.  The show was fun and light hearted and the food was above average.  The soup was more like water but the salad was very tasty.   The wait staff was very attentive and responsive to our requests.  Total bill for 7 was $272 without a tip.
2	the restaurant is a bit dark, most of the staff is blah. the food itself is okay... and overpriced.
2	While the food is great, the music was OBNOXIOUSLY LOUD tonight when all we wanted was to converse at dinner. I usually love this place, but regretted going tonight. If I wanted to go to a club, I would have gone to Scottsdale.
5	We love Ah-So. We have been coming here for years and always sit at the sushi bar. The chef's know us by name and immediately make the things we love, and they will try out their new creations on us. My daughter even has her own special roll that they make for her. We love this place!
3	We love the happy hour sushi! Shrimp tempura rolls for just 5 bucks! Their sushi is great!! We go here maybe two or three times a month. Only reason for three stars is their teppenyaki, it's really over priced for the amount of food they give you.. Lol it's kind of a rip off.. Expect to spend at least 25 or more for just one person! But other than that great place!
4	By far the best sashimi in Arizona. Fresh, large slices, & reasonably priced. Id stay away from the fried rolls, filled with a lot of imitation crab. But highly recommend the sashimi plate.
3	We dine here a few times a month and each time sort of wish we didn't; don't get me wrong the service is great and the tepanuyaki is cool, but we go for the sushi happy hour because it is SO CHEAP but it has progressively become worse and worse quality. The rolls have come out wrong, with more crab mix and less fresh fish and they are usually falling apart. Sad to see it going down hill like this.
4	I really like this place. I only go during happy hour, maybe 2-3 times a month. They have a very nice atmosphere. The servers are great, so is the manager. But I really do dislike the whole gratuity tip. Every time I go its usually 5 or 6 of us and my $22 bill comes with an additional $7 gratuity tip. And they still expect the customer to leave a tip!! Give me a break... I go during happy hour for a reason.
1	This place has really gone down hill. I'm here now been waiting 45 min for my food I'm also with my 3 year old and if your a parent you know it's hard to keep them calm that long. Food is just not right I really prefer the ahso on 60 and bell. Last time I ever come here.
3	I ordered the tuna tuna roll and the chicken and steak meal at the cooking table. This place is just like benehana, but less of a show. The sushi was tasty. The chicken steak meal was OK. The chicken was a little dry, but tasty. The steak tasted great, but was tiny. My main complaint is that there was a huge difference in portions and size of my steak compared to the guests that knew the cook. No, it isn't OK that you served me the smallest steak and a third of the chicken you gave to the costomer you knew. I understand that there is a little extra rice and veggies, but meat is meat.
3	A little pricey and the service lacked a bit. But super fresh and delicious. Will go back but hopefully with a better server.
2	Went here Saturday evening around 6pm. Only 3 other tables seated.  Took 5 minutes to seat us, and then they tried to stick us at the two person low top tables by the bathroom hallway.  Eww.  We switched to a 4 top bar table and they put us at the only one without silverware in the whole restaurant. We ordered our drinks and an appetizer. Very slow to get the appetizer and when they brought it out we still had no silverware. We asked for some and they brought a fork and some paper napkins, even though every table has red linen napkins with silverware inside. By the time we got the silverware the appetizer was cold. We then placed our dinner order, and with that you always get soup and a small salad.  The soup was lukewarm at best, and the salad had approximately a half cup of dressing still in the bowl after I fished out the lettuce pieces.  Gross. Our dinner food again took a long time to arrive.  Our waitress never checked on us, never asked if we wanted more drinks, and we had to ask for our check.  We won't be back.
1	If you have a Restaurant.com gift certificate, be warned that the ownership has decided they won't honor them anymore, even though they have no expiration date. (Have fun trying to get it exchanged).And don't bother asking to speak to a manager about it, the hostess will ignore you with a deer-in-headlights stare.I won't be returning here.
1	THIS LOCATION ONLY - Echoing another user's review.  There is now a large sign in the lobby stating "We no longer accept Restaurant.com gift certificates.  Sorry for the inconvenience."  Inconvenience?  We *purchased* a gift certificate for your restaurant, drove all the way down there, and you refuse to accept it?  That's just not right.  If you didn't want to participate you shouldn't have offered the certificates in the first place.  Take them off the website but you should still honor the ones previously purchased.
1	Bad bad bad experience. We ordered takeout. Multiple issues:1 can't order children's menu over the phone. Fine, no big deal. 2 wrong order given to us. Didn't realize until my husband got all the way home. Mistakes happen. 3 return to ah-so after calling. Given lukewarm order with no offer to make fresh or make up for THEIR mistake. Getting annoyed.4 we are now sick to our stomach. Never again!!!!!
1	Terrible service. Mediocre Teppanyaki & for $20+ a plate.... I'd rather eat Panda Express.
1	Probably the worst experience I have had at any restaurant in the Phoenix area. It took 10 minutes for the hostess to even appear to seat us. Our waitress came to the table 4 times as she and all the other waitresses and staff were more worried about following the manager around playing around and flirting. But the worst part was the food by far. The tempura shrimp and veggies were soggy and the sushi was something I could get in a grocery store.... Gross!
1	The staff was less than attentive ... Left a hostess station waiting.  Food covered in eel sauce not sure what they were covering up and staff very unfriendly!!! Not coming back!!
