5	Great staff, and well managed. This is our go-to place for pretty much anything from an oil change, to vehicle maintenance & repair. Overall, this place is an extremely helpful business, and has some great prices (like a basic oil change being around $20... unlike others that want to charge $30+). See for yourself :-)
1	Horrible service.  They do more talking then actually working. Brought my car in for alignment and oil change. Was told one hour tops. Three hours later still waiting. Don't go there.
4	Ever been driving and glanced up to see that little oil change reminder staring you down...  and you realize oh crap, I am way overdue. *Raises hand*That was me last week. No wonder Lance was running a little rough. Off to the Precision Tune Auto Care we go. Why PTAC? Well, because it's just a few blocks from my home... and I had a coupon. Turns out I didn't even need it, though. A full service oil change is only $21.90 every day. There were several people waiting, so I took a seat and made myself comfy for the afternoon. While I was there, I had them take care of a couple other overdue maintenance issues. The manager is super nice. There is coffee on site (don't expect Starbucks quality... come on, you're at a mechanic shop) and there is also a phone charging station. This saved me when my phone went dead.I didn't spend an arm and a leg. My car is running a lot better now. Need a quick, cheap oil change? If you're near South Blvd, stop in here!
1	The manager val was extremely rude, I arrived at 4:15 and he refused to serve me for a standard oil change, I'll be writing the BBB about this as well
5	Precision Tune is my preferred mechanic in Charlotte. They have always been helpful, friendly, and best of all HONEST with me. I have never gotten the sense they are overcharging me - usually they will actually SHOW me the part that needs repaired so I can see for myself its condition if they suggest something I didn't think I needed. Usually if I need more than one thing completed they will bundle it to give me the best discount or throw in a freebie. One time I had to leave my car there for the day and the manager personally gave me a ride to my nearby work site because he was going out that way for errands. He was polite, professional, and easy to talk to. I've been to a few other places in Charlotte like Tire Kingdom (horror story), Chevy Dealership (meh), and some smaller mechanics (were outright lied to) - none of them compare to Precision Tune.
