4	I recently joined Snap Fitness with a friend/coworker of mine. We've both been members of Las Vegas Athletic Club for a good number of years now, so it was a tough decision to join Snap. Snap is not considered a competitor of the usual suspects like 24 Hour, Golds Gym, or LVAC. They're a small chain with more modest amenities. But because of that, they are a LOT less crowded which equates to not having to wait for equipment. The gentleman who signed us up gave us a deal that actually made it as cheap as LVAC (which is arguably the cheapest in town). One big draw for us was that Snap is conveniently located across the street from us at work. They have more locations in the Las Vegas area, though usually located on the edges of town. They have locations across the country, also, and your membership works at any of these locations. The other big factor was that the gentleman said we can hit pads/focus mits there, as we both train in Muay Thai. Other gyms would not allow this as they're normally too crowded. The only thing keeping me from giving 5 stars is that the facility does not have a shower or even a changing room. They do have bathrooms and cubbies to store your belongings in, though. For those of you who want a no-frills place to work out and not have to wait for gym equipment, I highly recommend Snap Fitness.
4	Snap Fitness has the best customer service I've ever seen at a gym. Jeremy (manager) is fantastic. When I signed up a little over a year ago, he gave me a great deal and continued to offer excellent customer service afterward. I'm bummed because I'm moving away and won't be able to workout here any longer. I'd recommend Snap Fitness to anyone.
4	Love this place. John, one of the personal trainers, is awesome. He trains a few of my family members, and gives me tips/exercises even when he is just hanging out.They don't have classes, but they have a variety of equipment. It's a small gym, but that is why I prefer it. The people who own it are friendly and nice. This doesn't happen at other gyms in town.I was a member of LVAC of two years, and the customer service was awful. I hated being just another customer. I would recommend this place to anyone, and I will be sad if it doesn't survive. Also, unlike other gyms the contract process is super easy, and doesn't have hidden fees and so on. Try it out.
