1	I would think twice before even wasting your time getting an estimate with this company. Difficult would be how I describe the experience. After having to schedule them twice to get an estimate, I still wasn't contacted with the estimate. I called and their supervisor told me he would contact me by the end of the day. A week later, still no call. I tried to contact the owner to tell him. (If it were my business I would want to know but maybe he has so MUCH work he doesn't have time to replace an estimated $600-700 job), He would not take the call. Unbelievable! I thought businesses needed just a little customer service o be successful. Apparently, I was wrong. But, it does explain why his employees have not regard for potential customers and follow through. The owner doesn't either.I guess they did me a favor. I am sure that if I used this company it would have been nothing but frustration.
4	My shower surround is gorgeous!!!
5	We are from Wyoming and have 5 rentals in Summerlin, Las Vegas NV.  The experience we had was great and would reccomend them to anyone.  We will use them for all work on our house rentals.  Ann Michaels
5	Neighborhood kids shattered my sliding glass door with a BB gun over the weekend. Brian got his guys out to do an estimate, ordered the glass, and got it installed for me post haste.
1	I used Kelly's Glass a couple of years ago for a repair and was pleased.  Not sure what is going on there now.  I called early on a Wednesday morning and explained the repair I needed.  Was told the "residential" person would be in at 9am and would call me.  Waited all day and didn't hear anything.  Called again late afternoon Wednesday to make sure they still had me on their list.  Was told yes, the "residential" person would be in at 9am the following day and would call me.  Waited again all day, no call back from Kelly's.  Gave up and called another company on Friday, which sent someone out first thing on Monday.  Still haven't heard back from Kelly's!Don't know what the story is with this company.  They apparently don't need any new business!
5	While visiting my elderly parents  a heavy glass table top broke.  I called Kelly's glass. They were wonderful!  They came out and measured for the table and delivered the glass to me.  Had I been at home I would have loaded the table into the Jeep and taken it to them.  But since my parents have a small economy car I wasn't able to fit the table or the completed glass into the car.  I had called a couple other companies and they would not come out to measure a table top.  I greatly appreciated the service I received from Rick, James and installer Chris. Also the price was very reasonable.  I highly recommend Kelly Glass and Mirror.
5	Efficient, knowledgable, reasonably priced, prompt, -- every time I went to the store it was a pleasant experience. Mark and Rick are great!
5	We are staying at a friends house here in Vegas.  My son accidentally broke a glass panel on their door.  Just Doors Inc. recommended I call Kelly's Glass and so far I am glad I did.  Dawn was friendly, she had someone out in less than two hours to assess the damage.  Carlos was knowledgable and very honest.  He told us that that boarding was not necessary but he could do it if we chose to do so.  Giving us an option to save $$$.  He took measurement and I now I am just waiting to get contacted with a quote.
1	Update:So its been exactly one month and the window on the door is still not fixed.I took Friday off from work to drive to Vegas from California for our installation appointment because apparently they DO NOT do weekend appointments even though their greeting message when you call says they DO.We arrived in Vegas at 1:30am on Friday and our 8 am appointment.  Immediately, the guys said they had a problem.  The glass that was made was wrong and basically would be illegal to install. The contractor that Kelly's Glass sent me didn't know what he was doing according to these guys. I called Kelly's Glass right away, James "the manager" was all over it, he was informed by the guys of the problem and was working on getting this fixed.  He NEVER called me back.I am back in California- just called them again to NO resolve.  I was promised a call back...we will wait and see.So far very disappointed in their service.
1	HorribleI took a piece of glass there simple size And I had to go back 3 times because they could not get the size right.The first time the guy wrote it down wrong. The second time the so called professional measured it wrong even though I told them to make sure to compensate for the the frame and channel. Not acceptable
5	The staff is not only knowledgeable, they're friendly & courteous. Doesn't matter if it's a question on glass for a picture frame or to have an emergency window (board-up & replaced) I have never been disappointed!
5	We had to replace the glass on 30 inch x 24 inch picture frame that was in our rented, furnished home. We were in a bind for time because we were also in the process of moving back to California in less than 24 hours. I called ten different glass & mirror places. Most of the stores were closed at 4:00 pm, but these proprietors did answer the phone and very kindly asked me to come in on Monday (which was not an option because we would be in California). Evidently, most glass and mirror places are generally open Monday through Friday. I needed same-hour/last-minute/crunch-time type of service. The highest price I was quoted was approximately $36 from Michael's (which was open till much later than the glass and mirror places I called). The lowest price I was quoted was $20 (I wish I could remember which company this was -- I will update this review with that information, later). $20 is great, but not if I had to come back on Monday (which was not an option) to take advantage of that deal. My move was/is on Saturday (today).When I called Kelly's, I was surprised to find out that they close at 5:00 pm. HURRAY! They are open later than most (or all) of the glass and mirror establishments in the area. I spoke to an excellent customer service professional named James. He quoted me $22. OUTSTANDING! I told him that I would be coming from Boulder City (which is 30 minutes away). The call took place at 4:51 pm. There was no way that I could make it to Kelly's before it closed. I explained my situation to James and asked him if he could do anything to help me. He immediately came up with a solution that lent me to be able to pick up the glass after hours. EASY. First, he took the measurements that of the glass. Then he took down my credit card information. Once the glass was cut (which happened promptly), he called me back to tell me where he SECURELY left my purchase. VOILA. I drove to Kelly's, found the glass (securely set aside for me), packed it up, and I saved myself a whole lot of running around on the morning of my move. The whole thing was effortless. The glass was perfect, the picture looks as good as new, and I thank James for coming through like a CHAMP! :-) THANKS A MILLION!I would recommend Kelly's to anyone who wants great customer service, low prices, and the peace of mind inherent to working with professionals with a "can do" attitude.
1	I wish I would've checked Yelp before calling Kelly's Glass. They don't keep appointments at all. This is with two chances. First they failed to show up, call or reschedule. Their manager said it was a mixup & to keep the other guys honest in price let them do the estimate. I agreed to it only to have them show up early pounding on the door. Waking my 92yr old grandfather and wanted access inside where he was sleeping. If they would've kept the appointment which we set neither of these would've been a problem. No matter how good the deal I will not be calling them again & would suggest you save yourself the trouble as well
5	Unreal.The service at this place is great.I walked into the shop about 11am on Tuesday to purchase a large (4'x7') sheet of glass.Not only did they beat every price that I was quoted elsewhere (Including delivery), but it was also ready to be delivered same day!Thanks to these guys, my dining room if finally complete and looks gorgeous.Cheers!
