4	How awesome, I just drove by dickeys and saw the sign that said now open!! Went in and asked when they opened at the cashier said they just opened today I was customer number two. Makes me happy that I do not have to drive far to get my barbecue fix!! Driving home with my rib platter!! I can't wait to dig in!!
4	As soon as you get out if your car, the delicious smells don't let you walk away. Just grabbed some dinner here. Their BBQ beans are great. Just what I was looking for. Their sauce (spicy) is also really good. Their waffle fries were just eh. They were kinda soggy and I think they could have been seasoned better. Just blah. I got the pulled pork and sausage sandwich. It was ok. Kinda wish it had a little something extra..(maybe hotter when I got it and I prefer the meet IN sauce instead of dry on the bread). I will definitely be back to try the ribs and other things. Service was good. Also, I liked that even though this place wasn't "cheap", they did have more affordable options like just the sandwich for $5.
4	I got the 3 meat plate. I had the pulled pork, beef brisket and chicken breast. The pulled pork and brisket were very good. The chicken was just ok. With the plate you get 2 sides (about the size of the small sides at KFC)and  a roll the was just ok. Slice of pickle and onions which I declined. Of each meat you get about 3.3 oz. I saw them weight it out. It's not much food for $13. My mom got the ribs and loved them. Service is a little slow but that might be because they just opened.I will eat here again but I will just buy the meat and skip the plate. A pound of meat is $13. I think that is a better value. You do get free self serve ice cream. That's always a plus.
1	Horrible. Brisket was so dry that it makes Memphis Championship's look moist by comparison. Ribs were decent, pulled pork was subpar. "Baked potato casserole" was nothing more than mashed potatoes, cheese, and green onions. This is the kind of Q you get when a Franchisee pays a corporate trainer to learn how to work a smoker. It was a disaster. I would fire anyone who A) didn't pay attention to the meat and let it dry out and B) served it anyway.If people pay good money and are actually happy with this quality of Q, then GOOD barbecue would make their heads explode.
4	The chicken was great.. So was the pork and brisket (even though it was a little dry). The only issue I see is that the order process needs to be simplified.  Otherwise a good meal.
5	Had the 1 meat plate [$10]  Brisket was fresh & amazing.  It was just thing I was craving.  My sides were the baked potato casserole & greens beans.  Friendly staff too!  Ended up getting kids sized cups for 1.50.[*] I let them know I had cold Brisket they were apologetic & told me they'd have fresh Brisket out for me.  Sure enough they did!  Came right out with a huge serving I took a photo of the nice portion.
2	They've been sending out coupons in the mail for a couple of weeks now so I got a takeout order.  The deal was BOGO meat platter with the purchase of 2 large drinks.  The place was pretty dead on a Wednesday night as I only saw 2 customers dining at 7pm.  I got a rib plate and a 3 meat combo.  Both came with 2 sides each, a roll and pickles and onions.My 3 meats were pulled pork, beef brisket and turkey.  All of them were good with the brisket being best.  There have been a lot of complaints about the brisket in several reviews being cold or dry.  The lady in front of me ordered a pound of brisket but let it be known she worked for a well known publication in town and spoke with the manager on duty as well.  I think they brought out the most recently cooked brisket because of this.  Maybe everyone should do this to ensure the best quality meat?The ribs sucked big time.  I am not sure if it was the quality of the meat, the preparation or all of the above but they were very disappointing.  I won't be ordering these again.  They advertise them as "fall off the bone" and it was anything but that.  Stay on the bone ribs?  I also saw that Nadine K just posted a picture of her ribs from this location and mine did NOT look like that at all.  Her ribs look much better.  Maybe she works for Time magazine?  I would also avoid the green beans with bacon side since that was a watery mess with not so fresh beans.  I know I'll be back from time to time as long as they keep sending coupons but it's only because it's quick and near my home.
5	Outstanding BBQ! I was there Friday and took a westerner sandwich home with pork & beef brisket, waffle fries & coleslaw. everything was delicious, the BBQ was tender & juicy and flavorful, coleslaw was creamy & didn't need any seasoning and the waffle fries were great. I went back today & got the Monday special, $8.99 drink, pulled pork sandwich & two sides. All delicious! The spicy BBQ sauce is tangy & spiced just right!I'll be back for sure considering it's right next to my tattoo shop
5	The best BBQ in Las Vegas.   Nice daily specials.
4	Great ice tea, free ice cream, really good cheddar jalapeno sausage, good brisket, overall good bbq, Not the best but very good.....
3	Dickey's ending up being my new spot too try this week. It really close too my home past by it almost daily basis and always wondering about the food. More times then not the parking lot seems empty and keep thinking too myself how long will this place last. It been while since had some BBQ so just meant too be.It was my first time not sure where I was going too attack the menu. Sandwich. Even if I wanted Ribs apparently they ran out that night. I found little odd cause came here for dinner around 6pm. Either there really good or make so much each day?? Any case not feeling like ribs but nice pulled pork sandwich. I ended up getting the Westerner Sandwich. It comes with two choices of meat. I was thrown for loop thinking more times then not sandwich is one kind of meat. So have few choices too choose from I went with the pulled pork and beef brisket. If you want can go double the same meat instead of mixing it up. I felt same as most reviewers beef brisket was dry side. The pulled pork I did enjoy! I felt pulled pork nice and moist combine with the BBQ had nice flavor. The sandwich needed more BBQ make up for the beef brisket but thankfully they have pot of BBQ on the side that you can add much as you please. Also the sandwich did come with slice of cheese (it made no sense that cheese never melted) and sliced raw onions (both things if want without can do). The bread for the sandwich was ok. I had much better at other BBQ restaurants. My sides (they have lot too choose from) went with the Mac and Cheese, second side jalapeno beans. The Mac and Cheese was ok. The pasta was cooked right on and nice cheddar flavor could have been creamer texture. The Jalapeno beans for me not work at all. The guy like it has nice kick too them. I could hardly taste the kick or see any diced jalapenos in the beans. Overall not much flavor in the beans. Both sides I liked the portion size not huge nor tiny but decent amount. The sweet tea was disappointing for me. I use too Raising Cane sweet tea here just not even come close. I felt like needed more sugar in it. They do offer both sweet and non sweet tea. The service was great! The guy at counter was very helpful being my first time. Not sure if manager but also came around asking all the guest checking up see if enjoy the food. Every staff member had smile on their faces and friendly. There wait staff you go up too the counter order and most part they put everything together then pay. Overall thought the Westerner was good sandwich. It was nice hearty, filling, and sides just ok. So much more better BBQ around Vegas. It not high on my list but since close too my house probably be back again.
3	I first tried them in McKinney TX and I was not a fan. It was like eating steamed meat with no flavor. I was a bit surprised actually as to why my Texas born bride was so excited to eat there?Because of this new Las Vegas location, I like Dickey's. I live walking distance from a Famous Dave's, but it's nice to change it up sometimes. I've been to this location twice now and it was consistent. The staff is very accommodating and will fix any issues you may have if you just ask.  The ordering process is a bit annoying, especially for short people. They have this castle like wall that you have to call out your order to the person behind it chopping up your meat selection. The menu is so high up that you will hurt your neck even if you can read it clearly. You then move down the line and call out your side dishes. You then get to the end, and have to tell the cashier what you ordered. If you are buying for a group of people, you might want to write it all down lest you make everyone in line wait longer. I'm not a fan of this system. It's backwards, UN-efficient, and mistakes can (and have) be(en) made. It is designed for one person at a time which must be hell when its busy.The layout of the restaurant needs some rethinking. I haven't been here for a busy dinner, but not sure I would want to especially if I was in a wheel chair.There is only one 4ft wide isle that gets you from the back to front of the restaurant. If you come with more than 4 people, you may not get to sit together because there is no room for joining tables.Once you get your order and get your beverage, you have to cut through some tables and dodge around other people trying to do the same thing as you. Most of the needed space is being wasted by the enormous one-person-at-a-time backwards ordering line. They have these large connected pillars to indicate an ordering line that is about 5 feet in width. No one needs that much space to stand.My suggestion would be to invest in a POS system with 2 order takers at the front of the line. The POS system will assign guests a ticket number, tell the meat cutters what to make, track all the data you can ever use and simplify the process of getting hot food out to hungry guests as fast as possible. Have an ORDER HERE in the beginning and a PICK UP HERE at the end. Let the guests get their beverages and fixins while they wait for their number to be called. 86 the connected pillars please.FOODThe brisket can be hit or miss. It tends to dry out on your plate if you dilly dally with eating it. Pulled pork was as it should be. Turkey was really, really good. I've tried their bbq beans and mac n cheese which were very good. Cole slaw was forgettable, okra perfectly fried. The little roll they give you with the combos is soft and fresh and useful if you like building a BBQ slider at your table. They certainly know how BBQ properly at Dickey's, I only wish they seasoned their meat more. I shall return
2	Hubby and I decided to try after getting a coupon in the mail. The minute we walked in the guy told us they had no chicken, beef or turkey. It was only 6 pm. The lady that checked us out was rude not only to us, but other patrons. The staff was not friendly in general... It was just an uncomfortable dining experience and we won't be returning. Oh and the food is just mediocre... Nothing special.
4	After putting off going to Dickey's for a few weeks after receiving gift cards, I finally drove over to pick up dinner last night. I've never been the biggest BBQ fan and by no means am I a BBQ expert (after all, I am from NYC... I know pizza and other things but not BBQ). I didn't know what to expect from Dickey's. Recent BBQ I've had elsewhere wasn't all that impressive to me and I found myself wishing I had something else instead.The decor is cool and about what you would expect for a franchised (I think) joint. The service was a bit awkward and I felt like one of the guys working for sure was either pissed off or just did not want to be there. I don't think he smiled once the whole time. The other guys were ok and they lady at the register was very nice and friendly.The counter where you place orders is really high which I can imagine is not customer friendly for those of you under 6 feet tall. For me it was a bit high and I'm 6'2". The guy taking the order is also the one dishing out the meat which is a bit strange... almost like a BBQ version of Subway except you can't see everything going on. Not comparing the food to Subway... just the experience. Think they need to work on some things here. Maybe it was just because it was late? Not sure.Anyway... to the food. The Westerner Sandwich - choose 2 meats - I ordered pulled pork and brisket - comes with onions, pickles and cheese. I didn't want this sandwich to end. Everything was delicious. I never really been fan of pickles on my sandwiches but I gave it a try and it was awesome. Meat was delicious and cooked perfect for my liking.Giant Baker + Meat - texas chop brisket - with the works. This thing was GIGANTIC! KC thoroughly enjoyed it and has leftovers for lunch.... and dinner... and maybe another lunch.Mac & Cheese - typical BBQ joint mac & cheese. Nothing fancy, just the basics.Fried Onion Tanglers - basically skinny onion rings and a must side for BBQ for me. Threw some on my sandwich and I was golden.Will be back. Hope they open more locations around Vegas. Guess I'm a fan of Texas style BBQ.
2	Okay third time was not the charm. First time we tried this place brisket was great and ribs where so-so.  Second time we did a big to go and found items missing but we drive today to go back.  Okay so went there a few days ago and that will be the last time we do. How the hell at 6:30 PM at night do you run out of ham, turkey, brisket, and some of the sides? REALLY!Totally wrong and that was only after standing there for over 10 minutes waiting to get an order in. Walked out.  I'm done with this place
3	Decent BBQ, but atrocious service. Waited in line for nearly 30 minutes for no real reason. When I finally got to the cashier, I didn't even receive all of my food. Food isn't good enough to justify service this bad.
5	Working at Buzz BBQ for as long as I did, I found a new appreciation for BBQ. The "Chain" BBQ around, isn't all that it's TV ads make it to be...But, Dickey's gets it. The meats are tender as delicious. The smoke ring proves to me that "slow hickory smoking" is done on site, and not at the "Hormel" factory... The service at this particular location is always friendly and helpful. If you have any questions, they answer with a smile!! And who can resist "Kids eat free Sunday??" Or the "FREE ICE CREAM??"
4	Finally made it out to check out the new Rainbow location and I like it a lot better than the location on the Boulevard because of efficiency and speed of service. I got here on a weekday around 12:30 for lunch and it wasn't very packed at all. I placed my order, paid, got my drink and my food was ready before I even found a seat. Awesome! At the other location I've experienced longer wait times even though there are only a couple people in line, mix ups and sometimes even issues at the register. I went with a rib plate that included 2 sides and a roll for 13 bucks. The plate came with 5 ribs, which were good overall although some pieces were a little chewy. I got mac and cheese and a Caesar salad for my 2 sides. Their mac and cheese was very cheesy as usual which I love but the salad was a little overdressed for my taste. The roll was meh since it was just a roll and I didn't really bother to eat it. I'll be coming to this location more versus the old one because service here causes a lot less headaches. Their food isn't the best but it's probably one of the better fast food/chain BBQ joints around, especially in Vegas, and will fill you up quick for cheap.
4	Finally a great BBQ place right by my work! They have generous portions, and different lunch specials every day. The only thing holding this back from 5 stars it that it is going to completely ruin my diet. Not to mention they have some of the best sweet tea in town.  Make sure to get there right at 11am when they open, by noon they are usually slammed full of people and on occasion it take a little longer to get your food that it should.
1	So I was a first timer today at Dickies.  Never been there had no idea how things were.  My first impression was horrid the guy named JOSEF had the worst attitude ever.  Yelled at me my friend and daughter saying "Did I take your order yet? You need to move back here" pointing two feet behind me. This was our first time here and this meat slanging jerk was thriving as he yelled at us.  I immediately wanted to curse him out, luckily my child was present so the High Road it was.  The food taste like how JOSEF was on the inside,  Nasty, Bitter, Tasteless and Overcooked.  I had the Green Beans with bacon that bacon was old  it was disgusting, The  Beans Flavorless and well overcooked. The polish sausage another disappointment. If you want BBQ go to Famous Dave's it might be a couple bucks more a plate but at least you will be treated kindly there.  I am still upset on how rude this guy was. Besides his nasty attitude the food was still horrible.  The worst Brisket ever.  Dry fatty and clumped and shredded.  Pulled pork not much better.    Management should consider terminating this employee he has major attitude and does not belong in customer service by any means.  JOSEF you are a major jerk and your attitude matches your face quite well.
4	I'm from Texas and grew up eating and making BBQ, so we're always looking for amazing BBQ anywhere we go. I've tried a few in Vegas and only like one other place in north Vegas (a small drive through place), but today we decided to try Dickie's for Mother's Day because my mom wanted ribs for lunch.We almost decided to go to a chain place, but we knew it was going to be busy. I'm SO glad we decided instead to go here-- a small business, family friendly, clean, fast and super generous spot.The employees were amazing! They were so nice, making recommendations, giving us honest opinions/samples about the food, and being very amenable when we changed an order. I sampled the potato salad and it was not very good. It tasted like it had sour cream in it. All 3 employees behind the counter were friendly and went out of their way to ensure we were satisfied. Plus, Sundays, kids eat free!I paid about $40 for 3 adults and 2 kids. And we had plenty leftovers. The adults had the 3 meat combo and a rib plate. The baked potato casserole and fried okra sides were awesome. You could actually taste the okra. They weren't over fried and greasy. The fries also were nice--the oil for the fried stuff was not old or overwhelming. The bread rolls were a little too soft, maybe undercooked. But that was not a big deal. Even the kids apologized for thinking they weren't gonna like it. They both had the chicken nuggets and mac & cheese with a drink. For dessert, there's free soft serve ice cream. This place was almost perfect. The only thing I didn't like was a huge Ronald Reagan photo on the wall. I'm assuming with the owner. I'm not a republican and not a fan of this racist, classist president. Although all the workers were white and most of the patrons as well, they were all nice. So I hope Reagan is not representative of the politics or bias of the owner. You have to be careful with what message you send to customers of color.
3	I was pleasantly surprised by my visit here. The food was good overall, and the prices are reasonable. I had the brisket and pulled pork, both were juicy and tender, but the smoky bbq flavor wasn't as strong as I would like (I really miss Buzz in this regard, their meats were the best). The sides are delicious as well.  And they serve Dr Pepper, the lack of which is one of my top restaurant pet peeves. Certainly worth a return visit or two
1	Living in Vegas for 9 years we haven' t had many bad experiences in dining, but this, unfortunately, was one of them.  Here's how our experience started out. We were in line behind a couple who hadn't ordered yet and was waiting for the guy behind the counter to acknowledge them, once he did, he was nasty as all beat hell. Very poor attitude and acted like he was late for a cigarette break or needed a hit of something. The whole place seemed disorganized and none of the workers looked happy to be there, though the cashier was very polite and thanked us for stopping in. We debated about leaving but decided to see if he acted that way to us, he was a little bit less rude, but you could tell he hates his job..The couple in front of us? They walked out with him rolling his eyes.   We went to order and upon ordering, we were told  that my first choice, ribs, they were out of , so then I ordered the Spicy Cheddar Sausage, yep, out of that too. My next was the Brisket, they were out of the sliced (which I wanted) and only had chopped. I went ahead and ordered that as a sandwich with two sides (mac & cheese & jalapeno beans). The mac and cheese was bland and the beans were the worst thing I have actually eaten other than a bar of soap. My wife lucked out as they they actually had  the item she wanted, a Pulled Pork Baked Potato. She  liked the pulled pork but it was cold as was the potato. My sandwich was ok . The best part of the meal was the crushed ice for our drinks. We will usually give an establishment a second chance but not this place. How could you be out of ribs, sliced brisket, spicy cheddar sausage, polish sausage, and chicken on a Friday evening at 5:45 pm? Quite a few customers came in to order, only to be greeted rudely, and told they were out of almost every meat on the board except for pulled pork, chopped brisket, and ham. Most of them walked out and the rude bundle of joy just rolled his eyes and smirked. Not a good representative of your business having this idiot being on the front-line greeting customers, he  obviously needs to be in the back of the house or better, sent back from whatever work release program he came from. The total of the bill for a brisket sandwich and loaded baked potato and 2 sides, plus two drinks was $26.00 or should I say, too much.Once again, an establishment that has poor judgement in hiring this guy, being poorly managed by not having the product that people are patronizing your establishment for, will not have our business, ever.
1	Not sure what was worse the BBQ or the attitudes of the employees. Being a chain restaurant I am going to give you the quick review. Brisket - It's okay. Barely any smoke ring and no bark as they scrape it off. Pass if you want good brisket. Strike1Ribs - The must of found the worst time to give me the part of the ribs that should be trimmed off before smoking as they will burn and be over done. Guess what burnt and over done. Strike 2 Sausage -  Although Jalapeno Cheese sausage tasted best of the whole meal it's texture was a bit funky. Strike 3Employees - These people had awful attitudes. Sorry that I bothered you by ordering food and trying to pay for it. The guy cutting the brisket was clueless. I asked for a certain cut and it was like he either didn't know what I was talking about or didn't care. Won't be going back here. They are OUT!!!!
4	This is some fast BBQ. You order before you sit down and they make your plate as you order. I had brisket and chicken with Mac n cheese and salad. They give you the option of sliced or chopped for the brisket. Both meats were juicy and tender. They have an ice cream machine by the drinks, nice surprise.  Oh and they have crushed ice which is the best with their sweet tea.
5	We have been looking for a good BBQ place in Vegas for a while and we believe we have found it. The brisket (chopped up) was excellent as was the pulled pork sandwich. The green beans with bacon is really good and the shoe string onion rings are too. Plus, kids eat free on Sundays and you get free ice cream! We'll be back.
4	We are from the BBQ CAPITAL (Kansas City, MO)... I will have to say this is the best BBQ we have had in the 6 months I have been here....  Shelby was very helpful through out the whole decision making process Joseph even gave us plenty of smoke meat to try.  We will definitely be back!!!  I will post pictures next time
3	Much better than I anticipated it would be.  Too bad they don't do burgers and other backyard bbq staples.
1	Today my  Big Brisket (2) was good as usual.  Smoke was good on it... The fries & sauce was good..  BUT I am assuming the owner is here a white guy named (JASON) come from the back office and their was someone at the counter he ask to help the customer but immediately turned to the female black worker who was cleaning the lobby and said "DON' T EVER LEAVE THE LINE UNATTENDED" in a very condescending tone In front of customers in the lobby and the one standing in front of him.  Thankfully the customer let (JASON) know she already spoke and said she was coming right over... (JASON) Continued to express his dislike for the situation in front of the customer waiting to order... So sad it reminded me slavery situation!    I GAVE IT A 1 STAR BECAUSE OF JASON!
4	While it's not the best barbeque ever, I like the consistency of the chain. I know I'm going to get good BBQ in a clean restaurant, good bbq sauce, free ice cream, and excellent deep fried okra. Some of the other sides aren't spectacular, but they're all decent (except the green beans), and good for when I get a craving for smoked meat. I've been to 4 or 5 locations across the country, and I can say the same for all.I didn't actually realize this location was here until today, from what the employee said they opened in October. The LV Blvd location is too far for me to go for weekday lunch break, but Spring Valley is perfect.This location is bigger than the LV Blvd store, and the ice cream machine is easier to use, otherwise it's pretty standard. The ordering location is that weird tall wall like everywhere, not sure why it's so tall, I am 5'5 and can barely see who I'm talking to. When I go with my husband I always make him order for me.To sum up: Good enough to go again, and a good location. Recommended.PS, if you plan to be a repeat customer, don't forget to bring along your big yellow cup, drink prices are much cheaper (free sometimes) if you bring your cup.
5	Best BBQ in Vegas. I just wish it was busier so I know this location won't close down.
5	Fair price, hubby and I shared the 3 meat platter with 2 sides, place is clean, staff is nice and free ice cream never hurts!!!  The ice is the good crushed kind you'll get at Sonic, next visit (probably Sunday) as kids eat free, I'm going to try one of their amazing looking stuffed potatoes!!  Oh and they do CATERING (box lunches, delivery buffet and full service)....
3	I like the food but the staff has alot to be desired. Very unorganized and they did not seem very happy to be there. The place was bot very clean. May need new management  or need to replace some staff.
5	I have died and (literally) gone to hog heaven. Great food (ribs, brisket, sausage, sides, etc). Quick service & Eric the manager  very helpful with us newbies.
2	Dicky's is to BBQ as Taco Bell is to Mexican. It's edible, cheap, but that's about all it's value. Anyone who says Dicky's is good BBQ hasn't ever had good BBQ. The meet was dry, had no flavor of it's own and the sauce was ok. They managed to make pulled pork dry. PULLED PORK. They have a sign displaying the 'definition' of BBQ. Other than the meats listed, they don't actually fit that definition. Perfectly fine for a quick meal, but next time I'm craving BBQ, I won't be going here.
5	Awesome!!!!  The staff was so amazing, and the food was so frickin good!  First time here and Eric the supervisor was so helpful and welcoming. Made some great suggestions. I had the ribs and brisket, and both were so tender and flavorful. The ribs fell off the bone and melted in my mouth.   Altogether a fantastic experience. We will be back.
1	Not crazy about it! The Potato Salad had more cream than potato, overpriced and small amount of ribs, the food was not hot and the staff not very friendly! First and Last time!!
2	I really want to like this place, but it has some flaws.  The smell of the meat cooking in smokers is overwhelmingly good and really makes you hungry.  I think if they could just improve the service the place would be better.First of all the whole ordering thing is somewhat disturbing.  You stand in a line and tell some guy who is chopping the meat what you want for meat.  Then you stay in line and move on down to the next station where you tell them the sides.  I tried to tell the first guy my order and he almost bit my head off with a "Tell that to her".  Then you slide on down to the next station and wait in line to pay the money.  I was somewhat offended that you are talking to people working behind what seems like a wall that is almost 6' tall.  It's just plain weird.  This sort of concept might work if you had enough people working to handle the workload, but in this case the ordering and payment process took almost 10 solid minutes.  They need to rework this and have at least two registers, two people on meat, and two people on sides.  It also took 10 minutes more to actually get the food.  It was not that busy for the service to be this slow.  The people at the register seemed distracted and not fully engaged with the customers.OK On to the food.  I ordered a daily special which on Friday is a Pulled Pork with two sides and a drink for about $8.99.    This is not a bad deal, but the regular prices are quite high in my opinion.  The pulled pork was tasty, but seemed a bit too mushy almost like they boiled it or added a bunch of water to it.  It's not quite the pulled pork that I expect.  The Mac&Cheese was quite good.  The potato salad was also pretty good.  I liked the sides better than the meal.  It also comes with a warm roll that I dipped in their BBQ sauce which was quite good.I'd go back and give it another chance.  If they perform I reserve the right to add a star to my rating.
3	Basic run of the mill chain bbq joint... but guess what ?? Dickies has some good vittles. Definitely worth a shot with their chopped brisket .
5	I ordered the 3 meat plate. Which comes with 2 sides, your choice of 3 meats, a buttered biscuit, onions and pickles on the side. I got the pulled pork, ribs and chicken and got the potato casserole and mac and cheese for sides. It was all AMAZING!!! All the meat was super tender and flavorful. Spicy BBQ sauce was orgasmic. Haha
2	I was very hungry during my lunch break and this was nearby so I wondered inside.I found myself ordering the a chicken sandwich. I asked the young lady how was chicken on the sandwich cut, she explained that it was chopped. When I was given my sandwich chopped was not the word. The chicken breast was chopped into big huge pieces which kept falling out of the sandwich. I believe it would have tasted better if they would chopped the mean up into bite size pieces if not shredded or a maybe even a chicken breast patty would have been better option. The sandwich ended up satisfying me for lunch. I would like to go back and try other menu items.
5	This BBQ is as good as it gets for Texas BBQ and it is right here in Vegas.  I hope my friends back home in Texas don't read this post or I might get strung up with a rope for saying so, but its true.
4	Dickey's saved my Thanksgiving!My brother & I decided to do Thanksgiving w/ friends super last minute. Hash House a Go Go ran out of turkeys. WTF. So did Mimi's Cafe, Lucilles, and Famous Daves. Double WTF. I needed Thanksgiving to-go and only 2 days to do it! Dickey's had 2 turkey options for $49.99--Cajun Fried Turkey or Smoked Turkey. Of course, they were sold out of the fried turkey but they had 1 smoked turkey left. I called dibs!!!The pick-up process was easy. Zipped in and out within 5 minutes. They're closed on Thanksgiving so pick-up needs to be the day before. They're open late so I picked up around 7pm. The turkey is wrapped in foil and comes in an oven-safe aluminum pan ready-to-heat. It takes about 2 hours for the turkey to reach eating temperature. Excellent packaging since my friend just moved to Vegas and has minimal bake/cookware available. I needed low maintenance food and Dickey's definitely made the holidays a bit easier for me. The turkey itself was pretty tasty. I was a little concerned that the smoked turkey wouldn't have the Thanksgiving flavor I was looking for but it was delicious. Not the best I've ever had but very good. As much as I love cooking and being able to put all the flavors I want into things. It was a relief to not have to deal with cooking a large bird and focus on the epic games of Settlers of Catan and Wii Tennis.
4	BBQ was not bad! I'm not really a big BBQ person to begin with but I will say that this place was good. I had the beef brisket with beans & Mac n cheese. It was better than I expected. But because I'm not a big nba fan in general I didn't give 5 stars. But 4 will do!
5	I ordered the 3 meat plate. Which comes with 2 sides, your choice of 3 meats, a buttered biscuit, onions and pickles on the side. I got the pulled pork, ribs and chicken and got the potato casserole and mac and cheese for sides. It was all AMAZING!!! All the meat was super tender and flavorful. Spicy BBQ sauce is soo good! Haha
