2	This location is rather small for a Borders, I am not impressed by it at all, except that they are open extremely late.
4	Driving around getting lost, I came upon this store and on a whim decided to pop in to get a new released book.  I looked around, and could not find it.  I went to the computer and all it said was it was probably in the store.  Found the shelf were it should have been and it was a mess.  So nada, grabbed another book instead and headed to the line.       I got the "did you find everything?" question and I said no.  I told the cashier what I was looking for.  (Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang)  He said they had it, and pointed to where it was.  (First table in the store.)  He let me jump out of line to grab it even though there were ten people behind me.  I was so happy, finding the last book Chelsea Handler wrote was five different trips to many a mini-mall.  Bonus it was 30% off and I got to buy a kiddie book for charity so I felt even better leaving the store.       Super plus plus they have a Seattle's Best coffee shop in the store with an adorable boy barista.  Ahhh coffee!
5	Looking for a specific magazine, or a specific book, be it fiction, auto-biography or reference, they either got it or can get it. It's a nice way to spend a rather, cool and rainy friday night, sitting with my hubby, looking through the latest crochet today magazine, sipping on strawberry lemony iced tea, and listening to some good jazz over head.  My idea of a fun night out.
3	This is a typical Borders and just so happens to be the closest one to my parent's house in LV. Took my little brother here to get some more books (he reads too fast). I guess all that reading we did when he was younger really rubbed off on him. How many 13 year old boys do you know that actually asks to go to the book store/library to get more books?Thanks borders for being there, and giving teacher a discount!
4	Really convenient location for me.  Great selection of reading material and the staff is so helpful.  the cafe is better than decent and it is located near a few.  I was looking for a fairly obscure book and the employee knew exactly what I was looking for.  Although none of the stores had that title in stock they were able to order and recieve it within the estimated time, and this was in December.
1	I've been going to this Borders off and on my entire pre-teen, teen and adult life. I've never had any major complaints as they have never minded allowing my stay for the duration of many afternoons rent-free - and once they began offering free WiFi, I was in love.However, today - after an admittedly long hiatus from bookstore dwelling - as I was in the process of typing a blog entry and my laptop battery began to die, I realized that although they still offer free WiFi, they no longer have ANY wall outlets available for customers. What. The. F$ck. (Can I say that on here?)What kind of establishment - *especially* a bookstore - offers free WiFi without a wall outlet to recharge? According to the employee I asked, it's a "health code violation" (wtf?) - funny, that hasn't stopped any of the other major chain bookstores and coffee shops I've frequented. I would have stayed much longer and spent much more money on coffee shop delights and books if I had been able to recharge my laptop to continue looking up reviews. And, if it weren't for the 40% off coupons that earned one star, I would have packed up my laptop and taken my business to the bookstore across the street that offers wall outlets aplenty.Boo, Rainbow Borders. Shame on you.
1	I've been going to this location since for about 15 years but I will NEVER set foot in this store EVER again! The man who claimed to be the general manager was incredibly rude, hostile, and unapologetic for his bad behavior.When I was at the register the cashier was really pushy about the Borders Rewards program, and when I said I wasn't interested, he said, "You WILL listen to what I have to say," and continued to ramble on. Then, he put a flier about it inside my book. I took it out and politely told him it was okay and that I wouldn't need it (why waste paper, right?). Then he snatched my book out of my hand, forcefully put the flier back in, gave me the crazy eye, and snarled at me, "If you don't want it, throw it out on your own time." I told him that he was being rude, and he rolled his eyes, threw my book across the counter and said, "I'm sorry you feel that way." He didn't even put my book in a bag.So I walked to the back of the store to find a manager. When I asked another employee for a manager, I was shocked to find out that the rude cashier was actually the general manager! I turned around to find the "manager" following me across the store in a creepy way. He came up to me and exclaimed, "DON'T YOU DARE TALK TO MY EMPLOYEE!" He was screaming at me, accusing me of causing a scene and screaming at me to keep my voice down. I never raised my voice a single time and if anyone was causing a scene it was this "manager." I quietly told him that I have been coming to this store for years and was disappointed in his service. I explained that I'm a teacher and I am sad that I will not ever come to this store again because it was one of my favorite places to shop. He rolled his eyes and said, "What do I care? Teachers don't make any money anyway." Then, he accused me of causing a disturbance (even though he was the one stalking customers and screaming at them), and kicked me out of the store. I was humiliated, as he made a huge scene and kicked out a faithful customer rather than apologize for his overly aggressive/rude/abrasive customer service. I will never shop in this store again.This Borders location is on shaky ground as it is, and if they don't want to continue losing customers to eReaders and Barnes and Noble (which is right across the street), they'd better get their act together.
1	Even in its death throes, this place remains expensive and a glaring example of why a Barnes & Noble shouldn't be across the street from your Borders.   Full price on every book and mixed media without joining their "book club?" Nope!
4	I saw a big sign today-GOING OUT OF BUSINESS. We went in and there was still a lot of stuff and most things are 20% off, some 30%. It's still early on the sale, so I plan to wait til a bit The Seattles Best Coffee is already closed so if you're coming for a drink it's already emptied out. Like any closing, they'll never tell you when is their last day.Watch for the next few weeks for the discount to drop.
3	This is the Borders I will be sad to see go. It is big and the store layout was nicely organized. I was usually able to find what I was looking for and it was nice to hang out in. However, I was always distressed at the lack of organization in the shelves, they were always messy. And one of my biggest pet peeves was I sometimes would find numerous books with pages damaged or ripped out. It is also in a prime location, so it was nice to go there then drop by the other stores in the Best of the West center. Though, I think being across from B&N might not have been beneficial.
2	I'm gonna keep this review short ---- actually this is my experience and I'll give you all an insight on how I got to 2 stars.After leaving Sport Clips with my pseudo-wannabe hipster haircut, I saw a sign that said 90% OFF EVERYTHING AT BOARDERS! By some random guy in the street.  So I did what any rational human being would do, I decided it was the perfect time to get a shitload of books no one has ever heard about at some obscure price you wouldn't know about.So far, 5 Stars.I walk into Boarders, the signs in the store say 70-90% off everything, I was promised 90% off everything!  Boy oh howdy, people who follow my Xanga Web Vlog know how furious I was to figure out that Boarders gave me the good'ole "rope-a-dope".Loses 1 StarI checked out their book selection, pretty decent considering that everything was about 80% off on average and I was kind of surprised that everything wasn't sold out.Then, I saw a very beautiful oriental woman just walking around, looking at random books and my first thought was, "bink".  My second thought was, "Hey I'll talk to her".Then I pondered on whether or not I should spend time and effort on going after her, after about 2 minutes I figured, "sure".  Little did I know while I was pondering, she vanished.Loses 1 Star.Well eff that noise, I grabbed a few books that looked decent and worked my wait up to the cashier.  She was in her 60's or something, and since I was in a cheery mood I decided to bust out the small talk.Joey: Howdy!Cashier: ...Joey: Oh boy gettin some cheap books today, good stuff right?Cashier: ...Joey: ...Cashier: $15.31 is your total.*I pay with debit card**Cashier hands it back, doesn't say anything*Joey: Well you have a good weekend *takes one step away**Cashier says nothing*Joey: *turns back and finger guns her way* LIKEWISE! :DLoses 1 star and a potential friend that never warmed up to me.I hope a dog humps her leg for 12 minutes then bites her pinky toe. So yeah, shitty borders, It would be 1 star but everything was dirt cheap.
