5	Great place to go for a personalized cut, color,style, or smoothing treatment. Staff is knowledgeable and friendly.
5	I LOVE Miguel... I have... complicated... hair. I have never had a stylist like him, he is fantastic.  The cut lasts a long time and my color holds really well and doesn't turn brassy. He is AWESOME!
5	Thanks for the stylish  chop Dom, I didn't know what to do with my hair and you made it stylish. Away with the hats and hello fro. Seriously awesome place and customer service. I live in the  neighborhood and will tell my neighbors and friends about 1219!!
5	I found a Groupon for this adorable salon for a haircut yesterday. I called and booked with a very friendly receptionist for the next day with Miguel. I got there and was greeted promptly and sweetly by the front desk, and then briskly by Miguel. I came in with a mess of a haircut and Miguel envisioned a beautiful style for me and went to work. He was very professional and his talents were astounding. I have never had such a good haircut in my life! I am usually weary of booking things from Groupon, but this salon and staff are incredible. I will definitely be going back to pay full price for MIguel from here on out. HIGHLY recommend!
5	I found a great Groupon for this salon and decided to give it a try because of the good reviews I found online. The receptionist was super nice when I called and booked me for an appointment with Miguel the next day. I was greeted right away, and Miguel was ready for me as soon as I arrived; I don't think I've ever not had to wait for a stylist! I showed Miguel a few pictures of what I was wanting, and he gave me an awesome cut and style. He's a wizard with the clippers! I normally walk out of a salon with really big soccer-mom hair and have to wash it and restyle it immediately, but I am incredibly happy with what Miguel has done with my hair. The product that he used doesn't smell awful like most products, and my hair is totally touchable. I highly recommend Salon 1219!
5	Thank you Groupon for leading me to Kayla and salon 1219. She cut my hair, colored it, added partial highlights, product and styled my hair. I was very happy with the volume and lift she gave me. I will be back in a few months.
5	Miguel is the best! I've been going to him for the past 2 years and he is SO TALENTED!! I have long thick hair and Miguel always cuts and layers it so beautifully. He also gives you a great scalp massage with shampoo and conditioning. Honestly he is this best hairstylist I've ever found and I've lived in big cities like Miami and San Diego! I highly recommend Miguel and this salon to anyone who wants top notch service and cuts! The salon is bright and cheery with a vibrant yellow couch to sit on while you wait. They also have art on the walls supporting the local art community. Additional plus is they offer refreshments like water, coffee, and cookies! Love this salon! So glad they are in the neighborhood!
5	I was referred to Kayla by a friend. I'm so glad I decided to make the leap of faith (which finding a new hairstylist always is) and make an appointment. Kayla will tell you what you can and cannot do to your hair. She will also make sure you leave loving your new 'do. She spent a lot of time correcting my previous color job and styling my hair to perfection. The salon is also very cute and quaint. I will continue to go back!
