4	This is one of my favorite convenience stores in all of Scottsdale!I usually go to Stayshon's on Chaparral because it's closer to my house and the gas is a little cheaper, but if I find myself on this empty side of Scottsdale, I will always stop in. And it's damn convenient....open 24/7!I started out by making daily visits to this place because they had a specific type of protein shake that I enjoyed. Then I discovered the rest of this magical land.This Chevron/Convenience Store/Car Wash/Tobacco store has everything I could ever want. They have a great selection of items whenever I am in a pinch. Each morning, they get fresh bagels from Lox, Stock and Bagels.The car wash is ok. Not the best around, but it does the trick if you need a convenient rinse. You might have to be a bit patient though. There can be a wait, especially since some of the older folks of Scottsdale don't know how to use a self-serve car wash. Oh Scottsdale....how you entertain me.The tobacco portion of this shop is quite good. I'm not much of a smoker, but the cigarettes are cheap, but more importantly, the cigar collection is very good for a convenience store. Gotta love the reservation!If you feel like clogging your arteries, they have fast food here too. Usually the hot case is filled with burritos, cheese sticks and whatnot. Also, occasionally they will have a BBQ out front where you can purchase pulled pork sandwiches, ribs and such. They typically do this during Spring Training because everyone stops by to watch the DBacks and Rockies play ball. I used to come to this location often because it was on my way to wherever I was going, but not so much anymore. I still love this store and will try and pop by whenever I can.
5	The best part, though, is the homemade Mexican food that's served at lunchtime every day, or at least every weekday.  On Thursdays they have a barbeque outdoors as well.
5	Great place to stop and  get gas, cigs and snacks.  Perfectly located right off the 101  Staff is friendly and very helpfull, plenty of pumps that nicely spaced out and free vacums.  Also car wash is great!!!
4	Great location right off the 101.  Fresh doughnut cabinet, (who else do you know has a whole plastic cabinet dedicated to doughnuts?) breakfast burrito/sandy restaurant inside, and coffee's great for a daily commuter.  They have the milk-your-own-coffee system machine for you half and half and French Vanilla freeloaders who, like me, get tired of opening a half dozen little packets every morning.They also have a plethora of all things tobacco, including a nice humidor.  Their brand "Owl Ear" cigars are buy 3 get a 4th free.  They are not wrapped in owl ear, and I have not tried them, but the Fuentes they have are great.
4	I fill up for gas here and on occasion will pop into the market to grab snacks or during the Summer months, a bottle of Water.  The store is kept clean and offers all of the standard convenience store items.  What separates this place from most stores is that it sells cigarettes and cigars cheap.Behind the market is the Clean Freak Car Wash, which is a great option for quick car washes.The convenient location off the 101 makes this a regular place for me.Return Factor - 90%
4	Great location right off Loop-101 in Scottsdale right next to Salt River Fields where the annual spring training takes place and right next to the Talking Stick Casino and Resort.  Friendly staffs too.  Must stop place if you are on the go all the time.
