5	Apart from the 21 year old by the register sprucing up her lips with extra thick extra shiny and dazzling lip gloss...and not saying HI...I'd give this place a solid 10. Not sure who owns the place but the Chipotle panini and Italian are bar none the best....Sour cream pound cake and lemon are bigger (portion wise) better and less expensive than the Starbucks comparison...it's a neat spot.They open at 7am and close at 4pm Monday through Friday to support the office complex....try it!! You won't be disappointed. She ended up throwing the extra slice of cake...after I got four slices...-___- Yes she made up for it and I have em a five...bloody lips
5	The food here is amazing. I had an Italian panini sandwich, the meat was great and the bread was fresh and flaky.  I also had the chicken lemon rice soup. It was killer, the owners had to be from the Midwest because I have not had soup like that since i was in Michigan. The location is a bit hard to find, but this place is truly a hidden gem. It looks like your regular run of the mill coffee/sandwich place but i was extremely surprised at how good the food and the services were.
4	Everything I have tried here has been great!  Tuna sandwich, jello, desserts, salads..
5	Amazing! Owners are personable and very involved in their business, they make sure that their customers are happy to the fullest. They have a huge menu with lots to choose from, everything from drinks, salads, sandwiches, baked goods... everyone can find something. I had their chicken Chipotle sandwhich, I wasn't even that hungry when I ordered amd ended up eating the whole thing! The bread was fresh and the perfect thickness, chicken was nicely baked and didn't taste processed, the cheese was thick and perfectly melted and the sauce topped it off. Will Definetly recommend!! And they have multiple locations.
5	Lunch from our neighbor, he brought us the best panini I've had in Phoenix!It was delicious! I'll be back for more!!!
5	hard to believe that some other places make it look cost effective service always charming for out of towners that act normal
5	We felt special from the moment we arrived. Sommelier was extremely knowledgable and helpful. We had the three course dinner which included an amuse bouche and extra dessert. Very impressed with the whole experience.
