4	I love philosophy hand and body lotions.  "handmade" smells like lemon custard and is very hydrating.  Not too crazy about their Hair products but the lotions are amazing!
5	I'm a whore for bath products. Call me crazy, but if it smells good, I stockpile it and it sits under the sink for years.I just want to savor the sweet aroma longer! I say to myself.I don't want to use it all now!And there it sits. I suppose it doesn't help that I rarely take baths (a shower is good enough for me!), so there's another reason the bath gel lasts so long.But then I recently rediscovered Philosophy. Being in Oregon, there aren't any Philosophy stores, but they sell limited products at places like Nordstrom. One year for her birthday, my sister got a bottle of their Coconut Frosting three-in-one shower gel, bubblebath, and shampoo. And guess where that's been? Yup, under the sink ever since.When she wasn't looking, I'd steal it away and use it for myself.And then I decided to finally shell out the dough and buy myself some. But I wasn't going to brave the mall. Philosophy's online store is seriously awesome. From the drag-and-drop shopping carts to the adorable vintagey designs. I love it all!I was sort of afraid of purchasing scents online, but the combination of customer reviews and my own good judgment (the Coconut Frosting stuff was fierce!) lead my way. Prices are on the steep side, with a 16 oz bottle of three-in-one averaging about $20. BUT I've been very happy with the promptness of delivery (and it comes in a lovely white Philosophy box) and the delicious scents (I love stepping out of the shower smelling like a cinnamon bun!).I also think they have a great business model set up. They regularly offer codes for free lipglosses and 4 oz bottles of three-in-ones, an excellent way to let customers try a product without purchasing it. They also let you choose samples at checkout. I might start buying their skincare items, too.So, Philosophy, I'm definitely a repeat customer. Keep on doin' what you're doin', and I'll actually keep the products in my shower instead of under the sink....
5	My co worker had suggested I use Philosophy after she used it and got awesome results.........Of course anything to help my face maintain my youthful skin......I got a sample and tried it at home wow talk about instant results....my daughters and my mother noticed how clean my face was and how my face just glowed........I now am the proud owner of the Philosophy face wash Purity and the Exfoliator face wash...I love it I am faithful..........it is also gentle enough for my off spring to use,,,,my mom is also treating herself to this lovely experienceNext I will be purchasing the Oxygen Peel and the Eye Serum.Thank you my very crafty Co worker Marcella thank you so much for this introduction!
