1	WORST PLACE EVER! 3 workers and nome of them could help me. I will NEVER come here again. VERY UNSATISFIED with GSO. It shouldn't even get 1 star.
1	For 6 months GSO has made a delivery to my home every month from my mail order pharmacy with refrigerated medication that was over night deliver by 12:00 noon and only 1 time did they deliver by noon. Every other time was closer to 2:00 pm with all types of excuses from the same driver each time. The summer is very hot here and the ice packs in the coolers have been completely melted by the time he gets here to deliver at 2:00 or 3:00 pm with a package that was to be delivered before 12:00 pm noon. I have called the company to complain and they do not seem to care at all.If I had any choice they would not get the business and I will never use them to ship anything myself.1 star is too many
1	Terrible service. Two days in a row they screwed up two different shipments. Not sure how they stay in business with such incompetence.
2	Paid for PDS service which should have arrived by 10:30am but got delivered at 12:07pm. Atleast it got there and they didn't lose it plus it's cheaper than UPS & Fedex so 2 stars.
3	I'm part of a winery club and they send me wine once a year. They use GSO to ship from California to Nevada overnight. The first time the winery sent me wine, GSO was great in response and customer service, both via email and phone. No problems and would have recommended them. The second time, which was last month, this is what happened: -Knowing the package would be shipped when it was still hot out, I called the winery to ask them to place on hold at the shipping warehouse. -They told me GSO would send a confirmation email and I can contact them directly. -No confirmation email came from GSO, and a week or so go by and I finally remember to call the winery. -The winery gave me the GSO tracking number and from the GSO tracking site, it said GSO tried to deliver twice, but no on was home. I did not receive any notes on my door. -I called GSO and asked them to hold it for me so I can pick up. The nice lady on the phone said, certainly, we will call you to let you know. I never received a call. -After another week or so, I called and asked if my package was ready for pick up. They said yes, I picked it up. If you are receiving packages from GSO, I recommend you follow up with them as it seems they don't have good follow through. I don't know that I would trust their outbound shipping services if they don't actively try to reach or deliver packages to customers. In conclusion, I am still at the mercy of my wine club using this company. Fortunately their warehouse is not far from home and they open until 6:30pm for pick up.
