5	Great pedi and the wife got new nails !Great service and a job well done . Very friendly .
5	My mom wanted to take me for my 1st pedicure.  You may ask - how old I am?  Well, I am in my 40's and I have never had one before.  Why?  I have never been a fan of wearing shoes so my feet are very rough looking.  Also, I could never get my husband to rub my feet either so I have always been embarrassed to have them done.  I was shocked when I wasn't kicked out when I took off my shoes.  I opted for a spa pedicure.  I was given two remotes that I had complete control to a massage chair - Wow!  Then my poor feet that have been ignored for years were given the royal treatment.  They also gave me a massage on my leg up to my knee too.  I picked a great nail color and they gave me for free black and white polka dotted thongs to wear out of the store.  The owner had a great personality and all the staff were so nice.  The other two patrons one who has been a regular for over 8 years at this salon told me she brings all her friends to this salon as it is one of the cleanest around the Henderson area.  I am now hooked and can't wait to pay a little more attention to these feet that have been ignored for years.
5	Mom back in town for a visit and we decided with Valentine's Day a few days away we would come here.  My Mom and I enjoyed our relaxing pedicure while my daughter smiled cheek to cheek while getting her nails and toes done.  Very cute red polish with pink hearts.
4	I came here in March to have me and my daughter's nails done for St. Patty's day.  I thought I would get my toe nails done green and get a french manicure for me and get Emily's nails done with Shamrocks for the fingers and get the toes done a cool design using green.  For Mandy who did Emily's nails I would give her a 5 star rating.  She is very talented and has a very steady hand.  Also, she is very personable and my daughter just loves coming to her.  As for me my toe nails bubbled the next day and within two days the french manicure on 7 fingers came off.  What I can say is that the owner is awesome and takes pride in the quality of work .  She redid my nails for me without charge.  EXCELLENT customer service.  Emily's nails still look great, so great that my friend and her daughter went there and showed Mandy the picture I had posted and did my daughter's friend nails the same as my daughter.  I would highly recommend Mandy!  We just love her!
5	Mandy Rocks!  She is so good with the little ones and for the adults it is amazing how detail orientented she is.  She really has a gift. We love our April nails for spring.  Great job!
5	Took my daughter and her friend to get their nails and feet done.  The two of them had so much fun picking out what they wanted to do.  They chose ladybugs in a pink flower for the fingernails and ice cream cones for the toes.  She even put on SpongeBob on the TV for them too.  They had so much fun.
4	I do a lot of typing at my job, which usually means manicures are a waste of money. Most of the time my polish is chipping off within one workday of getting my nails done. I had a friend tell me that I should look into getting gel manicures, but I put off doing so until just recently.My mother was in town, so I took her to Nail Spa for a little late Mother's Day pampering. We started out with spa pedicures which were $25 a piece. The salon was rather busy so the employees had us soak our feet for a good 20 minutes or so while we waited. They have very nice, albeit well used massaging chairs which made waiting actually pretty enjoyable. Our pedicures included a sea salt rub, nice leg message and hot towel treatment. Then it was on to the fingers...A gel manicure runs $28 with an additional charge for french. It's been over a week since I had them done and they still look perfect, just like the day I got them. My toenails are still looking fab as well, I am not sure what their secret is but the employees at Nail Spa sure know how to make their polish last! The main reason I am not giving this place a 5 star review is the lack of undivided attention.  It is probably due to it going in on the weekend, but not only did we have to soak for quite a while as we waited for someone to start our nails, but the person that was doing my mother's manicure actually stopped to wax another customer's eyebrows. If you are on a schedule this may not be a good choice for you.
3	I went back on a Saturday to get my gel nails redone as they had grown out. It had been 3 weeks and only one nail had a small chip.. Other then the grow out they still looked fabulous.I was ever so disappointed to have TWO of my nails break within a week of getting them redone. The main reason I was so impressed with Nail Spa in the first place was how long the gel manicures lasted... I paid $40 with tip, and didn't even get a full week out of them.I have found another salon that is closer to my house that does gel manicures for the same price. Not sure I am going to bother with Nail Spa again since the quality of the manicure seems to depend on who you get...
3	I decided to give Nail Spa one more shot, mainly because the pedicure I got on my original visit was so long lasting. And also because it was a Sunday and the place I was going to try for a gel manicure was not open. I am definitely happy I gave them another shot. I didn't catch the name of the lady that did my nails this time but she seemed like she was in charge. I had her cut my nails down a bit, I think part of the problem with the last manicure I had was how long my nails were. She also used a glittery sheer pink on my nails which I love... They look natural from a distance but if you look closely they have a nice shimmer to them. The only downside to my visit is that the lady that did my nails was doing another gel manicure on someone at the same time, at the station next to mine. The lady had received a pedicure by another employee, which makes me think perhaps Nail Spa is only having specific employees do the gel manicures. I was there a little longer then I would have liked because of this, but almost a week later my nails are still absolutely perfect... Being there a little longer then expected is worth a better quality manicure in my opinion. I just wish I could get the same, high quality and long lasting manicure every time...
3	Why is it so hard to get a good mani/pedi in Nevada??? I do not want to pay $80 on the strip for the same exact thing I paid $35 for in Boston, but I'm fine with paying more than $20 if it'd at least be half-way decent! I cannot find a good nail salon anywhere!I see why this place gets all these five star reviews. I've moved to Vegas with Big City standards, and Vegas off the strip if very much not that. So by Vegas off-the-strip standards, this place is fine. But for what I'm looking for, it just doesn't cut it. Pros: - They actually have gel manicures! No, I'm not talking about the trashy gel overlay. I mean actual gel polish manicures. So hard to find around here! - The girls that work there are super nice. - They take walk-ins.- The pedi was decent.- It was SO CHEAP!- It's Asian-run. Everyone knows nail salons run by Asian women are always the best! - You can tip on the credit card!! I always forget cash so this was great! Cons:- They used the nail drill to rough up my nails before applying the gel polish, presumably to make it stick better. The point of getting gel is that you don't have to ruin your nails with a drill, and you can just take off the gel and have your nails back. - They didn't have all the gel colors painted on a sample, so it was kind of hard to tell which color I was selecting. (The colors on the box are usually way off.) - The other clientele was a little.... interesting.... It could've just been when I went in (the middle of the day on a Friday), but holy cow. - They didn't do an actual mani with the gel, which is what I'm used to - the soaking, the lotion, etc. They treat gel polish like it's a fill or something. - The gel started peeling up on the sides in a few days. Cheap gel or something? I've never had that problem ever before. - The pedi chairs are super old. - Not a huge selection of colors. - Questionably sanitary.- I started bleeding when the girl was doing my cuticles. - Very bare bones service - no hot stone, no massage while drying, no paraffin soak.
1	I really don't know where all the good reviews came from because my experience there was less than sub par. I was there to get my nails taken off and get a gel manicure. First off there were only three people working and people were coming in every five minutes. Next the owner's daughter comes in and starts helping out which would have been fine except there is no way she was old enough to be lisenced. Then, when she started taking my false nails off she just ripped them off with a thin nai tip! Which hurt a lot! When I asked to soak them she obliged me but not without complaint. I soaked my nails for nearly an hour and she gave me a paper towel and told me to wipe my nails every few minutes. I pretty much did everything myself. When she sent someone else over to file my nails i informed her that after seeing the condition of my nails I no longer wanted the gel manicure she got very short and rude with me. I pretty much paid ten bucks to be ignored and take off my own nails. I will never be back!
1	I want to share the real deal about this salon, I am not discouraging any one,  you should try it and see how you like the work and treatment. I have been going to NAIL SPA for many, many, many years before KC became the new owner and her Brother owned it at the time. I was actually very happy with KC who always took care of me for a very long time, years and years. Her work was always good and always loved the treatment. I would usually spend a good amnt of $$$$ there and always sent her business. What changed, well to this day I am not so sure, but she started moving me to other techs which was fine they did good work, but my appointments were always booked with her... if by accident I messed up a nail and would ask her to fix it she would get mad, very bothered and would get short with me. I understand she has a business to run and has other clients to focus on, but honestly her attitude started bothering me. One time I got 3d nail work done when she started working with it, well pretty much all of them fell off and when I came back to show her she again got upset, scoffed and said "just sit down, I am busy right now." Another time I brought a polish from home granted it was a new polish, when they applied the top coat to it the polish kept bubbuling up, the tech would show her and they kept trying to fix it and fix it... to the point that I lost count as to how many coats of polish and top coats I had on all nails. I told her that it really was not working out if I could change the polish or if they were to busy (which it was'nt) that I could come in the next day. She scoffed and said, well you brought this polish and you go home and you will like it in a few hours. Sure enough  my hubby said you don't look happy with it... it honestly does not look good. I went to her the next day and asked if they could please change the polish, she scoffed and said well some one else will help you I have an appointment comin in. I waited and waited and her appointment never showed, after 30 min she came up to me and said just sit down and fine I will take care of it. I told her I would pay since it seemed to bother her so much, she no dont worry about it just sit down. It was really uncomfortable. I finally put thought into it and called her one day to schedule another appointment, she said I dont have time for you, you have to go to another tech I said that was fine then she started getting a bit rude (I know you may think may be its me, she was on speaker in the car and my hubby looked at me and mouthed go some where else) I asked KC at that time that I had been feeling uncomfortable, was there an issue or does she may be not want my business? She said no thats not it, do you want an appointment or not? I told her no, and thank you for her time and that I would no longer be returning as her client. Severing this business relationship with her was the best thing that I could decide on after I would always spend $130 to $150 dollars each visit, and always felt guilty of spending that amount on a shop that honestly did not care for me or my business. I could only take it personal, because I would see her treat other clients with a bubbly and happy persona, and she woulde be the complete oposite with me. Honestly the work is between ok, not great and she has some new remodeling in the salon which helps, but her attitude and treatment stinks and I would honestly say don't bother.
1	Horrible job on my nails!! Never go there! I had a smudge and the fixed it by putting three extra coats on and then the polish still smudged!
5	I have been missing in action lately - only because life has been so busy and I haven't been treating myself.  Today that stopped!  I am going to Blue Man Group on Saturday and wanted to have a manicure and pedicure with blue nail polish and boy do my feet and finger nails look AWESOME.  The owner has remodeled adding more chairs.  I love the color scheme - very relaxing.  I had Kim today and he did such a great job and I am very pleased with the service I received from him.  The owner is very outgoing and even though I had been missing for awhile she remembered me and my family.
5	The last time I was here I was getting my nails painted blue for Blue Man then I went and hiked Southern Utah and well my nails looked like crap!  :) I had to hid my hands from clients and my boss so I arrived right when they opened at 9:30 and opted for a Gel manicure this time and a pedicure.  This is my first time getting the gel and was told it will last longer than a regular polish.  She used hot stones on my sore calves and it felt wonderful and she massaged my arms with lotions too.  Where I sat it was relaxing as I watched the tropical fish swimming in the tank.  I just love it here and I am always pleased with the quality of work they do for me.
3	I go here to get my pedicures, but not my manicures. The acrylic is always put on too thick and I'm not a fan of chunky nails, and my nailpolish also faded after a week. The pedicures are fantastic though! They use an exfoliating scrub to massage your legs and then finish off with a nice hot stone rub down. They have a lot of cute designs to choose from too! My favourite is the cheetah print! Nice staff as well. I just wish I trusted them enough with my hands, as I do with my feet.
5	This place is where I regularly go. The pedicure is awesome! I haven't found another nail salon in Vegas that does it better. I get like to get my fill done by Richard. He does great work!I also have my eyebrows done here. They always look perfect. The staff here is so nice and accommodating. Definitely try this place out!
4	Came in with my friend, her daughter and my daughter and their American Girl Dolls.  It was one of the dolls birthday so off to get pampered.  They are always patient with us when we just pop in and there is so much energy from the girls.  The girls their nails and toe nails done in pink with puppy dog prints.  I elected to take off my acrylic and just go oh' natural with purple.  My friend went a light taupe color for her fingers and toe nails got some nail art done.  The American Girl dolls just hung out enjoyed the massage chairs.  I normally rate very high but my polish bubbled and doesn't look that great.  Normally I go for the gel and those always looked great and lasted along time.  I am not sure if it is the polish or what.  It is the universe telling me I should have went with my gut and have gone with the Gel.  I will next time.  It there is any issues the owner is very nice and would have taken care of it.  I really like it here and was surprised to read some of the negative reviews.
5	UPDATE:  My mom came in for a visit and the last time she came with me to the nail salon was a few years ago.  We both came in for a pedicure.  I always am embarrassed since I have very, very dry feet.  They always make me feel like a goddess spite the fact my feet are so ugly.  They massage your calves and use hot stones on it which is quite relaxing.  My Mom went with somewhat of a brown color and I opted for a cool blue color.  We left with our feet looking pretty sharp.  The owner always greets me and then always takes time to come and talk with me.  All the staff are very kind and I just feel very comfortable there.  Really don't look at some of the reviews and make your decision not to come in based on those.  I have been coming here for years and to be honest with nail salons on every corner - why would I continue to come back to a place if I didn't get quality good work done.  If you run into an issue with anything, like with any business things can happen talk to the manager and she will resolve it - she cares about her clients.
4	03.23.2013: I used to live in Vegas and this was always my place where I would go. So fast forward about 4 years and guess what? They did not disappoint. This was my wedding day and time had slipped away from me so I called and they told me to come in. I was so happy that this was still "my place." One person remembered me from years back and there seemed to be some of the same people which I didn't expect. The person who did my nails did my nails and did it perfectly. The gentleman who did my feet was great and 1 1/2 weeks later, my french mani is still holding strong.The price for regular mani pedi is only $35 and with french mani/pedi $45. Not a bad price at all.BTW, they have the cool chairs that massage your back and on this day, I needed it! Goodness, wedding day and stress, this helped.I will definitely continue using them when I am in town.
5	I really liked this salon. Not too big, but a good size. I had tina do my  pedicure and she was awesome! Super sweet, and such an amazing massage with hot stones too! They were the only salon in the area that when I called had an appointment available same day for me. I will definitely make this my new nail place, it was $25 for my pedicure.
4	Came in for a pedi this morning. It was dead. The guy who gave me my pedi was as friendly as a nail tech can be. Gave an amazing foot massage. The staff went about plenty of their own conversation throughout my time there. As I was the only customer In the salon for the majority of the time.
5	So this isn't the prettiest most luxurious nail salon but they do a darn good job! Anywhere that give a full leg scrub, hand massage AND Hot Stone massage all with just the standard spa pedicure gets my heart and my high star rating. Usually I have to get the " deluxe " or upgraded spa pedicure options for the hot stones, but not here. It was a last minute decision to run into here for a pedi a few days ago and I feel like I have found a hidden gem! I highly Recommend!!! I walked in and they took me right away. Oh and I can't forget... Majority of there selection was OPI and Essie with the occasional china glaze.. So I was impressed they had the better polishes to choose from :)
5	About two years ago my friend and I decided we wanted to get a pedicure, and my friend was adamant on telling me she wanted to go to a place that had a foot spa type pedicure, not just a clean and polish. Sooooooo, obviously I had the tough job of finding a good place that didn't require to give a limb to pay for it, and we wanted it to be close-by for convenience. I found this place on yelp and was like why not? We went with our boyfriends and we all got pedicures and loved it. Her boyfriend has issues with an ingrown and the person working on him understood and didn't hurt him and was very thorough even with all of us staring to make sure he didn't get hurt. For months I would alternate between this salon and trying other places with a bit cheaper prices but realized I was only truly satisfied when I went to this salon. Kind of like finding your true love, but leaving them for other people.. How horrible of me! My boyfriend would always mention it to me as well, "You do realize you're always complaining unless we go here right?" So two years later in this relationship and I'm committed and happy! I go for my manicures, pedicures and even eyelash extensions. The prices reflect the quality they give!! I would name drop on who I prefer and don't but I truthfully and honestly love every worker, they all put the time and work into each customer and they're the best ever... Ever ever!
4	I'm not one of those girls that frequents nail shops.  Like a guy who wouldn't dare pay another guy to put together a grill he just purchased, I feel awkward paying for something I could do myself. I decided to get a French pedicure. I got a pedicure in 2012, but it we just a regular one. I was immediately relieved to see them opening up sterile bags of tools bc I've been places where they've literally sat in blue sanitizer! Yuck! As I sat in the chair 3 staff members asked me if I wanted my nails done. After the 3rd time I began to wonder, "Do they look THAT bad?" It made me realize they probably weren't used to "virgin nails". Lol.....nails that have never been touched by acrylic, gel, or anything else beyond an emory board and a clear coat of polish.The experience was ok--for me. I would agree that staff is very friendly and they do a great job, but I most likely won't return. To me, being pampered is sitting at a fine dining restaurant, eating good food and being waited on. As far as manicures and pedicures I like to keep it simple and DIY. I own a 5 star massage chair, a $20 foot spa, and a $5 French manicure kit from Wal-Mart. Although I would recommend this place to  those who rather enjoy this type of relaxation, I myself would prefer to save $30, stay home, and do my own mani & pedicures. Not so much to save money, but just because I feel I can do just as good a job.
5	This place is surely my favorite nail salon in Vegas. The salon is not to big and not to small. It's homey and purple everything everywhere because it is the owner's(Cassie) favorite color. I absolutely love the set-up there. Service is A+++! Everyone there is friendly and talented at what they do. I've had my nails done by 4 different manicurist through the years and I have always left satisfied. They have many nail polishes, gels, & acrylics to choose from. Love this place!They also offer permanent make up, eyelashes, waxing, facials, etc.
5	The Best Pedicure in town!!  The Deluxe Spa Package is a must.  The staff is very attentive and take their time making you feel that "lil extra" pampering.
5	Been religiously coming here for 7 Years and refuse to go anywhere else for my Pedicures Manicures and waxing!!
