5	The one aspect of this exceptional little jewel of a restaurant on Leith's Constitution Street that never fails to astound me, is the double take inducing reasonability of the prices, considering the quality and outright deliciousness of the food you receive. You can eat like a king in every sense, as the food is fantastic, plus there's no need to do anything miserable like opting out of having a starter or desert because you can't afford it. Having three courses plus whatever tipple you're in the mood for will still leave you with plenty of change to spare, which should absolutely be put towards a generous tip for the lovely staff (and compliments to the chef of course). If I was one of these people that had a bottomless pit of a stomach, I would even consider ordering a couple of dishes per course to sample, such is the appeal of everything on the menu. The restaurant's interior is clean lined and immaculately finished, and has a really fresh feel to it The proprietor and head chef at Leith Lynx, Brian Donkin, has previously been at the helm of numerous bars and restaurants in Edinburgh and the Leith area, so has many years of food craftsmanship and successful business running behind him. Knowing all this, I felt pretty assured that my first meal here would be far beyond average, and I wasn't disappointed, and never have been since on subsequent visits. After coming here for the first time, I felt so irritated at myself for spending half my bank balance in establishments in the centre of town for so many years, for really standard food in really standard environments, when I could have made the effort to come to Leith and sample some of the tasty brilliance on offer here.My most recent meal at Leith Lynx was a lunch time meeting with my brother, and I deliberately refrained from eating breakfast so that I could fill my gluttonous chops with as much as possible. I went for the French onion soup to start, a favourite soup variety of mine, which was entirely flavoursome and came with just the right amount of Gruyere cheese. This was followed by the fish special of the day, which was lemon sole in an indulgently creamy sauce served with mashed potato. The texture of the fish was perfect, and tasted like it had been plucked from the sea five minutes before it was served. All the fish here is amazingly fresh, and there are a great range of seafood options to be had on both the lunch and dinner menu, plus an amazing game pie, and meat dishes including venison and lamb.  My brother went for the smoked salmon with lemon to start, followed by the veal meat dish of the day, both of which he commended very highly. Leith Lynx is definitely meant to be a place to feel at home at, with its classic and delicious dishes with a twist, and the prices here make it a restaurant you can visit regularly, without worrying about spending a fortune.
4	Really enjoyed our Sunday lunch here. Good local produce, well prepared. We summed it up: "Leith Lynx is very good. You should definitely pay it a visit, soon. We'd gladly go back to sample from their other menus."
5	I have dietary restrictions and I really appreciate that this place has options for gluten free and dairy free selections. Amazing food, reasonable prices, wait staff helpful and efficient. I ordered the halloumi and almost died of happiness, and the quail was so perfect- crispy on the outside and moist on the inside- that people were trying to steal my food.
