4	Just opened a few weeks ago. Located inside the Paris hotel. Decor is really cool. We sat down to taste some dim sum - which came to us in a dim sum cart that rolls around the dining area. We had the soup dumplings and hargao. Pretty good. Not sure if it was worth the $7+ each item - but hey it's Vegas! We also had the Taiwanese beef noodle soup. It definitely took me back to Taiwan. Now, of course it's not exactly the same but the flavors were really good. The beef was extremely tender. I would definitely recommend it if you're in the mood for some dumplings or noodles.
4	Just had some great ramen at the MSP airport on my way to Vegas, but what the heck, I can't turn down good noodles...the dim sum cart is top notch and the ramen was damn tasty.
4	Stopped in here for a quick bite before going to see a show at Bally's. It was just inside the easy indoor passage way that links the Paris Las Vegas Hotel with Ballys so that was super convenient. I ordered a soupy noodle dish with duck and my wife had the pork over rice. We also split an order of pot stickers. My noodles were delicious as was the pieces of duck although I would have liked it had my pieces not been so boneheads. The pork over rice was even better it was ground pork nicely seasoned with Chinese five spice and it had sacallions tossed into it as well. We were also tempted by the dim sum cart that came around but we opted to just stick with what we ordered. Given that it was an eatery in a first tier hotel on the strip the prices were a little on the higher side but not cost prohibitive. I would definitely go back I would just order what my wife did.
4	Our waiter was awesome in personality and suggestions. I wanted to try something we so I got Taiwan noodles. I've had ramen and udon and the Taiwan noodles with its dark broth was ok. Maybe I'll try the ramen next time? Husband had the duck. They bring it out sliced in the bone. Unfortunately there were only about 6 pieces out of about 14 that had meat on it. The star was the dimsum. Our waiter said that we may need soy sauce but it was seasoned fine without it. We are there last night and I'm thinking I want more tonight.
3	Cute little place inside the paris hotel.  I was looking for a small meal so I decided to head down to get some dim sum.  Compared to other Chinatown places ive been this dim sum was really really expensive!  The cheapest item was 7$.  The dim sum was okay, I will say they came around with that cart every couple minutes.  I ordered a bunch of the dumplings, all of which were just okay.  I had a thai tea that was really the star of the meal.  I left feeling full but also a little ticked off that 3 small dim sum dishes costs me 35$!
3	This restaurant was conveniently located in Paris hotel where we stayed at during our Christmas vacation. Location within the hotel was excellent and so was the decor with all the lights, lanterns and stuff getting my undivided attention. I really wanted to like this place but the portions for the price was not worth it. We ordered $60 worth of food for a family of four with two kids and we weren't even half full. Quality was a hit and miss (pork ramen, dumplings were delicious but the BBQ pork wasn't that great unless you like fat and slightly burnt meat). Our waiter was friendly and even tried to talk to me in Mandarin but I don't speak the language -- I appreciate it though. We ended up going across the street afterwards to Serendipty 3 to get more food and dessert (price and portions there were much more reasonable considering Vegas that is, but that's for another review).
