4	I've only been a member of this gym for about a week, but so far, so good. The pros: 1. They're very affordable - this location is only $16/month with a one year contract, and no initial activation fee. They gave me a month free, which was helpful, and I didn't feel a lot of pressure to 'sign up today'! 2. I can bring a guest with a local ID every single time I work out - and it takes about 30 seconds for a guest to sign in, unlike the 30 minute ordeal it has been at other gyms. They also don't pressure my guests to get memberships. 3. One free training session - which ended up only being about 20 minutes, which I was initially disappointed at -- but I was grateful that it was short the following 5 days when my body was aching. I can't speak for anyone else, but I appreciated my trainer, Russ, who didn't pressure me to sign up for more training sessions and said to feel free to ask him questions at any time. Good guy. 4. Cardio Cinema. It's just what it sounds like - a movie theater with cardio machines. Win. Yesterday they were playing Bridesmaids. Double win! 5. Brand new, shiny equipment. Love a new gym! 6. Open 24/7. For those random 2am workout cravings I get! The cons:1. No pool. Not a huge deal for me, and probably part of the way that they keep costs down. But still - be aware. 2. Sweaty beefy guys who drip all over everything and don't wipe up after themselves. Gross. 3. It's fairly small. There's ample equipment, but I could see this place getting overloaded and machines being hard to come by. Time will tell...
4	Frankly, I was shocked that they finally opened this location. It seemed like the building was complete for over 5 years without opening, anyways, I digress.This location has several benefits over Gold's Gym locations, especially ones that have been open for several years, such as the Thunderbird location. The primary ones being that all the equipment is brand new, new features such as Cinema Cardio, tanning, spinning room, daycare, and several more. The cooling is much better with the huge ceiling fans compared to those old steel contraptions that never seem to work during the summer months. The staff all seem very nice and greet you when you scan in, they also have several staff members at times walking around and disinfecting equipment or organizing weightsThere are a few negatives however. The gym is rather small and when it gets crowded it can be quite difficult to get a routine done. Also, there seems to be quite a few people who never learned to clean up after themselves for others, whether it be using a towel, wiping equipment, or reracking weights after use. However, those are minor inconveniences considering its dirt cheap at $15 a month, you can bring a friend, and its open 24/7.
4	Great place! New equipment, cardio theater room, tanning, spinning room, great staff! Only downsides are its rather small so it gets pretty crowded. No swimming pool or steam room. It's does how ever have a great yoga class with an amazing instructor!
2	Bright side:  affordable gym ($9.95/mo+$99 sign up fee + $39/yr fee).  What you compromise for that price:  Basic gym, concrete floors with all equipment in one room.  No pool,no towels, no locker  locks, sales staff that treats you like you ran over their iphone and dog.  I go during the day (which should be less crowded) but still wait for equipment, the place is probably packed after 5pm.  Take it for what it's worth - good price, OK gym.edit: Read other reviews on poor customer service, they're true.  Equipment is routinely broken (3 out 5 machines tried for example) and staff is outright rude.  I only expect to be treated decently but they can't be bothered.  Also, it seems like a requirement to piss all over the toilet when you use it and the bathrooms/locker rooms/gym are usually dirty. Pay more for a better place or at least a better location.
2	They are ALWAYS packed. Only time it seems to not be extremely busy is at 1am.  Also signed up for their 20 dollar month to avoid paying the 99 dollar sign up fee for the 10 dollars a month and 4 months after signing up they charged my bank account 60 dollars for two different accounts we have there.  NEVER was this told to me that they would be taking additional money out or anything.  I asked about classes and they told me not to bother because they are always packed and my best bet would be to come in at 2am to workout.  Monthly price is good, but not if you can never get a machine...you get tired of waiting around.  Seriously needs to expand to rest of building or move to a larger independent building.
1	If you don't have children, this place might be ok.  The daycare center is not monitored very well at all.  Last time I was in, I watched the 4 girls that were supposed to be watching the kids were busy texting on their phones.  2 of the girls actually had their backs completely turned to a room-full of children. I was very disappointed in what I saw, but furious when my oldest child told me how mean some of the kids were to him while he was in there.  As bad as my experiences have been at this gym, the WORST part of this place is the management.  I went in to cancel my membership and was told by Charles that runs the gym that not only was I not able to cancel my membership ( I had apparently signed a year long contract, although I don't think I did), he also didn't care why I was unhappy with the gym.  His customer service is probably the worst I have ever experienced.  Their fees are really cheap, but you get what you pay for. I expect to be treated at least decently by someone that I am paying a monthly fee to.   I will happily pay the more expensive fees to a gym that appreciated my business and has some decent customer service skills.
4	this is a very good gym I enjoy the fAcility. I love that for the low price you pay you also get to do the classes. I do like the Thunderbird location better just because it has more equipment for abs and an actual room for women to workout in. I could have sworn when I first signed up for the gym they told me the childcare was free so I was disappointed to find out that that person lied and I do have to pay an additional fee. overall I'm going to give it 4 stars just because it is a good gym and I can always switch to other gold gym locations.
5	I enjoy coming to this gym! It has a lot more to offer than any of the other golds gyms! It does get packed so avoid coming from 5-8pm! Mornings are great! Childcare is under new management and has a lot for the kids to do! All the staff is very nice and helpful as well! AND ITS CHEAP!
2	Like other reviewers say this gym is cheap. I love the classes and all of the teachers are super excellent. They deserve ten stars. However, this is a very dirty gym. I don't see anybody wiping down equipment and the class workout room is filthy. I have seen the same dirt on the mirror for a week. There are dust bunnies in the corners from the filthy fans that are never cleaned. I am not sure that the floor is ever mopped. The bathroom is ok but gets very busy at times and could use more sprucing during the busy times.  Cheap and dirty describes this place.
1	Personal training here is not what you would think.  Don't let them tell you that they will help you with a plan.  They never helped with the eating portion of personal training, never developed a plan for working out and couldn't handle my medical issue.  They simply told you what to do when you were there!  I tried to call the manager many times regarding cancellation with no return phone calls.  When i did finally reach him, he told me to call corporate.  Corporate didn't return my phone call for a couple of weeks.  All of this kept me from cancelling within a timeframe as not to cost me extra money.  VERY hard to cancel.  They told me that it would be easy to cancel if they couldn't work around my medical issue.  DO NOT BELIEVE THEM!
1	This gym is exactly what others are saying - you get what you pay for.*Inexpensive. I pay 19.95 a month because of signing up to take the classes I have never been able to take because they are over crowded. I tried lowering my membership to the lower one because of this reason and was told they have no option to do this, that I would need to cancel my membership.* Alot of cardio equipment - which are smashed soooo close together - so be ready to make a new buddy and get up close and personal with your sweaty neighbor. Not so much on the strength training equipment. the equipment is falling apart and is in serious need of some love and care...which would probably happen if their staff cared to even be working there. Oh and if you want to get in without no membership - just go in the evening...staff is RARELY at the desk or anywhere to be found.  No cleaning ever happens to the machines.....ewwwww.*Restrooms - bring your own cleaner. Toilets are always clogged, toilet paper strewed all over the floor. paper towel dispensers are always out of paper, and trashcans are always overflowing.*Staff - Not helpful.  They have no clue what is going on, they dont care, and they are clearly there to earn a paycheck.  * Theater room - I thought this was a great idea. However -with crowding of the gym, I usually have to go super late at night and this room is open only till 10.  But staff will bring friends and use the room after hours. Kind of crappy to allow paying members see that.There is a perfectly empty large lot across the street that the gym could make a building - make it twice as large as this one and allow for their guests to be more comfortable.  This gym is dirty, crowded, and poorly staffed.
1	CUSTOMER SERVICE IS AWFUL. First I lost a very expensive necklace, because I left it in the tanning bed. Yes, my fault. When I called to ask if it was found they said yes and would keep it locked up until I came to pick it up. Two days later I show up and it's STOLEN. Stolen by their own employees. They refused to do anything about it. No free month of membership, they wouldn't replace the cost of the necklace, nothing. They gave me the run around and I could never get in contact with the general manager. I told them to cancel my account. They wouldn't. Unfortunately accounts are paid to a third party. WARNING! Gold's Gym can do nothing as far as providing refunds or waiving cancellation fees. So I call the number on the back of the membership card as they referred me and as said, they would not refund me or cancel my membership without charging me $25! WHAT GYM (OR ANY BUSINESS) CHARGES YOU TO CANCEL A MEMBERSHIP WHEN THE CLIENT IS UNHAPPY WITH THEIR SERVICE?! I have to pay a BAD business in order to get out of contract with them? I've paid $55, in total, for two months of unused services and cancellation fees, because they didn't inform me that they did not cancel my membership the first time I called. The worst part is that it feels as if there is no one to go to. No one to report the business to. No "general manager" or CEO to call. No one who will give you your money back when they failed to provide adequate services.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS GYM.
1	Didn't think it was possible, but this place is even worse than I had thought before.  They refused to let me out of my contract bc I hadn't read the fine print that it was a year-long contact so I continued to let them draft the fees each month.  And then big surprise this month, they charged me an extra $50 this month, for my "yearly renewal".  At least my year is up, so now I am able to put in my "request" to cancel my membership, of course after another 30 days.   PLEASE AVOID THIS GYM!!!!
4	All the poor reviews of this are simply uncalled for. First of all the price of membership is awesome especially being you can visit any Golds Gym in the country.  Second, it is VERY clean...the cleanest gym I've ever been in and I've been to alot! The equipment is all NEW and in working order. I don't know what more people can ask for in a gym.  The only thing is that you need to watch out for the PT sales pitch. Don't get caught up in it if you can'y pay for it.  LA Fitness does the same thing. Great value, great gym!
2	It's always filthy & things are always broke not to mention the kids are everywhere taking up space on there phones BUT it gets the job done & it's cheap so it'll do for now....for now...
1	Only because of the disrespectful unprofessional manager kyle. I was threatened by this boy. UNACCEPTABLE. i will file a formal complaint. Everyone else is fabulous. He abuses steroids percocets and drugs ON THE JOB. ABSOLUTELY NOT OKAY.
