4	Guess what?  I'm a guy and I can sew a button back on and sew a small, albeit ugly, patch on torn fabric.  But that's it, I cant needlepoint or anything.I had a few items to be repaired and one item to get hemmed. Good prices, $5 per repair, and $10 for the hemming.Very nice work done by a couple of friendly ladies.
4	The ladies are friendly and quick....sure, they may be a bit brisk, but it totally makes sense to me....these chicks are all about getting it done.I needed to get pants hemmed for a wedding and was glad to see this shop right down the road from my place. They did a cuffed hem in two days for $14. Great, professional, and quick. Old school awesome.
5	The ladies here are great!I found my new tailor shop. Before I was bringing a few items to the dry cleaners near my house, but they typically take like a week+ for basic tailoring. And I needed a sweater sewn QUICK... so off to Yelp to find a place close to my home and recommended. I called Phoenix Custom Tailors first. The friendly voice said that they were busy but they could probably squeeze it in today. I assumed that I'd drop off and pick up later in the day...Well... even better! The friendly clerk immediately started sewing the minor holes my sweater had in the seams; and I was outta there! Granted this was a minor repair... but the ladies were so friendly and welcoming to me. I will definitely bring them any and all my sewing repair & tailoring needs. Like Chad S says "Old school awesome".
5	They met my tight time line for two dresses i needed on the weekend. even called and gave me the time i could pick them up. very efficient and friendly bunch.
5	Good prices and relatively quick turnaround. I like that it is run by a few ladies and it's like walking into your mom's sewing room. Lastly, I was extremely happy with the results of shortening the hem on 2 skirts, replacing a zipper on a pair of jeans and patching jeans as well. AND she stitched up a tear I had in a pair of dress pants when I picked up my stuff at no charge.
1	One of the worst customer service experiences I've ever had.So, I called on a Tuesday to see if I could get some pants hemmed for a wedding rehearsal dinner. The dinner was out of town, and my flight left Wednesday night, so I knew I was asking for a really quick turnaround and I apologized for that at the start of the conversation. Me - "I kinda need these pants ready by tomorrow, is that even possible?"Mean PCT lady - "Well, It's possible, I guess"Me - "Ok cool, well I'm not trying to be a jerk, but since I'm leaving tomorrow night, I need a yes or no answer... if it's no, that's totally understandable"PCT devil woman - "...I said it was possible, thats the same as yes, right?"Me - "Well, not really, possible implies that there is a chance..."PCT satan - (cuts me off) "Ok well thank you, but I can only tell you it's possible, so maybe you should try somewhere else." (hangs up on me).I call Brother's Tailors and Clothing, they were sooo awesome and friendly and they hemmed my pants that day! I was still kinda mad about how rude the PCT lady was, so I called back to ask for her manager. After a long conversation of me trying to explain how rude she was (she didn't get it) she ended the call with the statement that pretty much sums there lousy business: "Well, we've been in business for over 50 years and if you don't like the way we do business you can go somewhere else."MEANEST LADY EVER!!!!!
5	I can't understand the poor customer service experiences. I love, love these ladies. They have always been very nice and helpful. I get a LOT of clothes tailored and I find their pricing to be fair and the quality of the work excellent.  I've referred several people here and will continue to do so. Everyone has been satisfied. TIP: Be sure to call. As a small business, their hours sometimes fluctuate.
3	So the service is really inconsistent.  I've encountered a couple ladies who are sweet and maybe the one that isn't but the work has been good!  I've had a zipper alteration and a ripped skirt and they did a fairly good job on both.  I also needed a hem repaired and she did it on the spot which was awesome!  They don't like to be rushed so I wouldn't recommend them for quick turnarounds but definitely solid work and great prices.  I'll be back for sure!
4	Reasonably priced tailor shop when you need alterations done quickly. Apparently, they can also make custom suits, but my experiences have been with having pants hemmed, waistbands taken both in and out, and having jacket sleeves lengthened.Generally, your work will be done in a week or less. There are a number of people working here, so you get whoever is free but I've been happy with everyone I've had. One thing I somewhat dislike is that even thought they do have changing rooms, they will often do simple alterations without having you try on the item. Luckily, the estimates have, so far, been right on the money.Oh, and its cash only, so hit an ATM before you go.
1	This place is absolutely the worst.  If it were possible to give a lesser rating, I would.  My sister was getting married and she worked a deal with the owner for reduced alteration price for all the girls in the wedding party.  First of all, I was charged more than the agreed-to price.  I didn't want to make a big deal of it, so I just let it pass.  When I went to pick it up two weeks later, it was way too tight in the bust area.  At first, the tailor (I think her name was Stormy) refused to take the blame for the mistake.   Her response:  "Something must have changed since you were here last."  Was she implying that I had somehow gained a bust size in two weeks?!?  When I came back a couple weeks later (I don't live in Phoenix but was travelling there often for wedding preparations), the dress was still too tight.  The zipper zipped all the way up, but it was still so tight that I couldn't even take a full breath.  Yet the same woman was there trying to convince me that it was fine.  I think she just wanted to get me the hell out of her shop.  I insisted she redo it again and when I went back a week later (2 days before the wedding), it finally fit, but there was still more trouble.  For one thing, Stormy nearlly gave me the wrong dress.  Second, and more seriously, she freaking lost one of the straps belonging to my dress!!!  When I asked her about it, her reply was "I guess I can look for it."  She still hadn't found it a couple minutes later and probably would have left it at that if I hadn't pushed the issue.  Her solution was to tell me to take one of the straps off one of the other bridesmaids dresses.  Can you believe that?!?  The nerve of that woman.  COMPLETELY AND UTTERLY UNPROFESSIONAL!  She grudgingly agreed to make me a replacement strap. I should mention that during this entire ordeal I never once received an appology.  Stormy kept putting the blame on everything but her less-than-adequate sewing skills.  If I hadn't already paid the full amount, I would have refused to do so.I know I'm not an isolated incident because another girl in the party had the same problems only worse.  I had to come back 3 times but she came back 5 times.  She also didn't receive any kind of appology for the trouble.I can't and won't recommend this place, even to the truly desperate.  There's plenty of other tailors in Phoenix, do yourself a favor and try one of those.
