4	I generally seem to think of all these -berto's type fast food places to be all the same. But Amando's is soooo good. I've been a hardcore Filiberto's girl since the womb I'm sure, but the lack of one in my 'hood has forced me to start going elsewhere for my breakfast burrito needs. Amando's more than fills the void. I crave their bean & cheese burrito on a nightly basis, I swear--and no extra charge for cheese! (I hate when -bertos does that! oh and no fee for debit card either!) They have great salsa and I think that is what sets their food apart from the others. The salsa verde is awesome, but packs a punch so watch out.Other than the slightly awkward location (getting around the light rail and turning out of the lot is kind of annoying) Amando's is cheap, easy, and convenient. If you are in this area and have a craving, don't be afraid to give them a try! They have combos and daily specials with free drinks in a lot of them, and most importantly, 24-hour yummy, greasy Mexican food. Mmmm.
4	Sad.. they've started charging a fee for using your debit card, but that hasn't really stopped me from going- now I just take cash!
4	This is an above average neighborhood Mexican restaurant in a neighborhood that needs more spicy dives. I love studying at cafes on nearby Central Ave, and this is delightfully on the way.
1	When it's 11:30 pm and me so hungry... I need a burrito call.Amando's Bros. sounded like it might satisfy my hungriness but this late night burrito call left me with regret.The carne asada burrito was COLD. I had both hands wrapped on a cold burrito. It was such a turn off. I also had the carne asada fries that were equally disappointing. It was covered in cheese and the fries tasted like it was fried in lukewarm oil. It was not crispy or crunchy, just stale and old tasting. The next time I am feeling an itch for a burrito late at night... I will have to pass on Amando's Bros. La comida es no bueno.
4	UNDER-RATED!!!!! Look, I worked at an award winning mexican restaurant in san diego for 5 years. I am a picky, picky person when it comes to mexican food. Actually, let me tell you that this is my first ever yelp review because I just feel like it needs to happen. That said, the fact that this place is sitting around with 3 stars is quite sad to me. Just appreciate this place for what it is, a hole-in-the-wall taco joint. Yeah, this is no 5 star place people, big surprise. But I'm telling you, they use pretty good product, and it starts with the tortillas. Tortillas are more important that we realize, and this place has great ones. Any good hole-in-the-wall mexican place has a salsa bar and...SURPRISE! they have one here! The meat is not grizzly and thats seemingly a tough enough feat for some of the Mexi food joints in town. Phoenix, if you continue to prefer Filibertos (really? come on people), then I will continue to prefer my short lines at the far superior Amando Bros!!!
4	Sorry guys, this place closed :(
4	I hope writing a review after just one visit is not proven to be premature. But with that said I was very surprised how good the Carne Asada Burrito I received at Amando's was. The first thing that struck me was how hot and fresh the tortilla was. You can tell they make them fresh as they still have a hint of rough flour on the exterior. The place looks like a low budget fast food joint but on this initial visit I was quite pleased. I will stop there today for lunch and take a friend so look out for the follow-up!
