4	Okay, it is right down the street from me so, location, location, location...Very clean store and actually has it's own made to order sushi station with seaweed salad and potstickers.They also have a huge selection of gluten-free foods. (even Glutino pizza San-J soy sauce, Betty Crocker cakes mixes) It was so great not having to make a 2nd stop at a health food store!I'd  say the prices are a little higher here than other places but, I'm used to Chicago prices which are much lower.
4	This has recently become my "local" Harris Teeter and I am pleased! I can't say I miss the "death lot" of the Plaza/Central location I have been used to! A nice big, clean looking plaza, with a welcoming feel.The store is kept very clean, and all the employees I have dealt with have been very friendly! Produce is very good, and it is nice to always see at least one person out in the produce section rotating, and setting up displays. Might sound cheesy, but to me if you always have a representative of your selection on the floor, you tend to take more pride in it. Hence better produce, blah blah blahOnto the meat section, typical Harris Teeter fare. Good seafood, nothing spectacular, but hey we are in Charlotte, err Matthews, err Stallings, orrr was it Weddington at that corner. Anyways, beef looked good, grabbed some thick cut bone-in chops for dinner, and a few other essentials. Very good experience, the store is usually pretty empty when I am there, so it is a breeze to get around!
1	Def dropping my rating after a few recent experiences. Bad meat 2x in one week?? Really?? Nope, never buying meat from here again. Had bad pork ribs last week, and I just returned a rack of beef back ribs I was getting ready to season for the smoker. To top it off, the girl I returned it to could tell I was pretty peeved, especially having this happen 2x this week, so she went and grabbed a "manager". Well he was an apathetic waste of space, seemed intimidated and afraid to say anything. All he could mutter is "i'm sorry". Ya know what, at this point that was not good enough. If you were truly sorry this wouldn't have happened again!!! Anyone have any good butcher recommendations in the Weddington/Stallings area?? Done with this over priced, monopolized grocery store.
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
1	STILL TERRIBLE!!I don't know what it is about this location...but in the end it usually comes down to management. As you can see from my previous reviews, I absolutely refuse to buy meat here for fear for my familys' life.  The employees always seem lost, and not in the cute puppy dog way.....like in the way where they barely know they are working. Always seems understaffed during peak times, I will drive past this Teeter just to go to the Wesley Chapel location, employees are much nicer, store is cleaner, and they seem to actually care about the store. Much more than I can say for this location. Its like its the store that corporate forgot, which is very sad seeing as the HQ is a mere few miles away.
