5	I've used Mr. Yetnikoff, personally, for 3 different matters and they all went really well.The first service he performed for us was the sale of our tour business.  In addition to valuable modifications to the Sales Agreement as presented by the Buyer's attorney, he 'protected' us throughout the due diligence, escrow, and final signature phases.  I used the word PROTECTED because that's how we felt when he answered all our questions and concerns expeditiously.We then used him to negotiate a settlement for our child's student loan in which we co-signed.  When our child defaulted, we were completely taken by surprise and Mr. Yetnikoff developed a payment plan that made sense and saved us big dollars in the long term.The third time was just recently when he reviewed a stock offering Agreeement from my Employer.  Once again, awesom work.But the true test of a resource is when you refer one to a friend and it goes just as well, right?  Well, that's what we did for a friend who was experiencing Intellectual Property theft as well as a real break in to their premises.  These folks can't thank me enough for referring Mr. Yetnikoff to them.In a world where most attorneys bill recklessly and don't produce to your satisfaction, Mr. Yetnikoff seems to always exceed expectations, within a reasonable pricing model!
5	Izzy has been amazing.  He assisted me with my evil HOA board and continues to assist others in the realm of personal injury.  I have found him to be kind, attentive, and knowledgeable of various aspects of the Law.  He is fair minded and offers wonderful counsel with wisdom and insight.  I cannot recommend him any more highly.
5	I am so glad I found Izzy.  I have used his services for my business law questions and contracts a number of times.  He calls back right away, is straight forward, extremely knowledgeable, easy to talk to.  As little knowledge as I may have about any issue, he listens, takes the time, and gives sound legal advice I can count on.  Thanks Izzy for all you do!
