5	This place is growing. So much to see and do now. New resturants, entertainment venues and hotels. Lots to draw a local and out of town crowd.
1	I just cancelled my wedding with the Ice House. First of all, you can't work with the owner directly... you have to go through downtown phoenix venues which is the worst thing ever. One woman (Riette)  is in charge of selling this property and I have never worked with someone so rude, unresponsive and condescending. At one point she actually said to me that she makes sure to to remind her assistant that brides are needy and you have to hold their hand the whole way through the wedding in response to me complaining about the fact that they would not include a note of the extra hour of event time they would give me if I paid my deposit by a certain date. Who would have thought that when paying thousands of dollars to rent a space that a sense of urgency in response time and communication is expected in return.Second of all, they tell you that you have to use one of the five caterers on the list they provide, but if you find a different one you like they will review and decide if they approve - which by the way they never approve. I ended up dealing with these 5 catering companies that were either way out of my price range, crappy food, or rude and unresponsive people who know that you are locked into a contract to work with them so lack in customer service. It was awful and turning my entire wedding planning process into a stressed out cryfest.I signed my contract in late November for my October 2014 wedding and its now early March.... I paid a $1300 deposit. I emailed Riette to explain my dilemma and that I wanted to cancel the contract strictly because of the fact that I cant deal with the catering company. I also told her I would greatly appreciate if she would take my request to the owner and consider returning my deposit because it was still 7 months in advance from the event date and she didn't event take a moment to  about it so I am SURE she didn't take my request to the owner. This is the one and only time I got a timely response for anything. She didn't offer to help me communicate with the catering companies that they make you use, or offer to assist with other companies they may approve. Literally NO HELP Whatsoever. I work in the hospitality industry and I just couldn't believe it.I basically paid this woman $1300 to do absolutely nothing except send me monthly update emails including photos of her personal vacations. Yes she was not updating me on anything to do with my wedding or venue,just her personal life which I couldn't care less about.If you would like to pay someone to do nothing besides belittle your opinions and reply condescendingly... downtown phoenix venues is the place to go.The Ice House is a beautiful venue but if you are considering this for an event... the management company just ruins it.I work for an event planning company and I would never in my life recommend this place or any place managed by downtown phoenix venues to anyone. Unless they have a shift in employees sometime in the future!
5	Downtown Phoenix Venues has two of my most favorite venues, Bentley Projects and The Icehouse. Stylish Events by Lisa has been so grateful to work these properties over the last few years. Riette and her staff are very professional and very accommodating to all of my clients. I get nothing but rave reviews from my clients as well as their guests. If you are looking for an out of the box venue, Riette is your source. I look forward to working with her for many more years to come!
