3	This wee place was certainly an experience. My friend lives nearby and for once there was a table, so we figured - why not?! We definitely felt like we'd stepped into a restaurant in Portugal: the World Cup was on in the background (not annoyingly so), the vibrant decor, the intimate feel of the place and the sun was pouring through the window... The waiter was extremely enthusiastic about his country and eager to tell us of life in Portugal - that particular evening was a special day in Portugal and apparently his friends back home were 'getting drunk at this moment!'As for the food, the word I'd use is 'interesting'. The veggie options were largely tofu-based, and our new friend, the waiter, encouraged me to try one of them. It was a cheesy, omelettey, garlicy, oniony concoction which would have been lovely for breakfast, but it wasn't quite what I had in mind! I'd be keen to go for one of the tapas options next time. My friend's chicken piripiri on the other hand, was a total hit.I'd go back for the atmosphere and holiday vibes, but I advise to be careful when choosing interesting new dishes.
5	A small little restaurant with big heart!The food is excellent, the guys who work there are really excited about the food and encourage people to try new things. The place is nearly always busy but weirdly enough it was a relaxed atmosphere - no-one seems to get too stressed, and everyone seems to enjoy themselves (both staff and customers).It's a brilliant spot and I've been back several times - it's a great place to bring people who've not had portuguese food before. It's way cheaper (it's BYOB too) and more filling than Nando's across the road and definitely a lot more fun.
3	I live close by this new Portuguese restaurant, and I was looking forward to trying it. According to a Portuguese friend of mine, Tuga is a short term for Portuga/Portuguese, so Tuga Amor - Portuguese love, and I think it's a nice match. It's a small cosy restaurant with friendly and smiley staff, the little neighbourhood restaurant that you can visit any time you don't feel like cooking or as a treat!It is a BYOB place, but since we were not in the mood for alcohol we tried out the Portuguese pineapple soda, which was refreshing on a warm day!As a starter we shared a cold dish, Portuguese cheese, with a brilliant rich flavour, sprinkled with paprika. My other half had a beef steak with a fried egg on top which was quite filling, while I couldn't resist ordering beef and pork skewers with fries and salad!! There were pepper or onion slices in between the meat pieces and it balanced very well. The fries were French style, which is closer to the typical ones you will find in Mediterranean Sea, flavour-wise normal.For a Portuguese restaurant it would make sense to have a bit better quality olives, but maybe I had high expectations!I would give it 3.5 stars but since there is no such option I'll go for three - space for improvement!!!I will certainly go back to try more!
4	Dinner here last night as part of a party of 11 was a really fun experience & the place is definitely worth your time and money if you're a fan of meat.Having seating for only 25 or so overall there's an immediate intimacy between all the diners and the waiting staff, thereby quickly making you feel like a regular even on your first visit. The portion sizes are excellent (a starter may not be the best idea unless you've got a really large appetite) and the service consistently good-humoured and attentive.Given the size of the steaks and the various skewered meat dishes it can take a bit of time between ordering and serving but at no time do you feel that this is due to anything other than the need to prepare each dish fresh. There's clearly good reason then for the need to order some group dishes 24 hours in advance.A very welcome expansion of the dining scene in Edinburgh.
