4	Looks like it's open for business! A small group of bellhops were waiting outside to assist customers as I drove passed today. If only I didn't live locally.  :::sigh:::  I'd love to try this place. Is it wrong to stay here if I don't really need to? ;)
4	Stayed for a night during the opening week, so there were some (minor) hiccups, but the hotel is lovely, clean, and has very friendly and helpful staff.  We had one of the larger rooms and it was really well appointed.  The beds were great to sleep on, the hairdryer was surprisingly decent, the towels were fluffy, and the toiletries were terrific (Etro).We had breakfast at the hotel lounge and I had the most delicious lemon ricotta pancakes with blueberry sauce.  We had a look at the pool area which would be great to use except it was 105 degrees that day.I'll definitely stay here again when I am in Phoenix.  Highly recommended.
5	if you want good customer service and don't mind paying just a little extra, this hotel is perfect. If you have a dog, this is THE BEST hotel to stay. Free treats, doggy bed, and bowls. I paid $159 for the stay which included $25 in food / drinks and $10 at the mini bar. No extra fees for dogs. AND I could take my dog anywhere. I took her to the bar. She was brought a water bowl. I took her to breakfast. Same thing. The drinks are pricey and so is the food but it's worth it for the customer service and quality.
5	I went to Phoenix  for a few days to work on a photo shoot. From the moment my cab driver pulled up to the hotel to the time I left, the experience was awesome. The staff was all friendly and helpful. I loved the attention to detail and the design. The bed was super comfortable and the food in the Blue Hound cafe was outstanding. I appreciate the ipod dock too. I pretty much stayed in the hotel the entire time I was there because it was SO hot. I recommend staying there.  Hopefully next time I stay there it won't be so hot and I can take advantage of the outside pool cabanas and bar! Kimpton hotels rock! Oh ya and they're dog friendly!
5	Great stay for the price.  A fun, trendy hotel in a great location. If you are an In Touch member you get free Wi-Fi and a $10 mini-bar credit. Staff was great and it's just nice to stay in a room that is not like a standard hotel.  I'm a fan.  Even the toiletries were extra nice.One area of improvement - the shower area with no door just makes a mess... that's the only flaw I saw.
5	Stayed there for our anniversary and made a few requests. Exceeded our expectations!  Great room on the corner, champagne and strawberries,  flowers at our table etc. Richard at the concierge desk was fantastic
5	If I ever stay at another hotel in Phoenix, it won't be by choice! This place is wonderful. The customer service was outstanding-- from valet to concierge to bar staff. And there's an amazing breakfast restaurant literally steps from the hotel so you don't have to eat just room service if you're feeling lazy. The hotel is clean, well organized and signed, amazing pool/cabanas and right in the middle of it all. And it's pet friendly (as I learned when I met the adorable "hotel dog" cocker spaniel, Bosco). To top it off it was less than $100 a night. Kudos to the management and staff on a well-run, friendly, comfortable and fun environment.
4	The roof top pool and bar along with the rooms are great! Love staying here after a night out!
5	One of the best hotel stays I've ever had to date!I would probably not go back to Phoenix again just because the night scene isn't really my style, but after staying at Hotel Palomar, I want to go back to Phoenix, JUST so I can stay in this hotel again.Everything was wonderful -- from the friendly doormen, to the breezy check in, to the fantastic restaurant staff up at Lustre Bar, down to the attentiveness of the hotel manager, Jim. The rooms are a great size, hotel finishings are chic and modern and best of all, amenities were CLEAN! Hanging out in the poolside area was like a better version of a Vegas day club. They had poppin music, cabanas and no douche bags in sight! As we were leaving, we got a chance to play around with the hotel manager's dog, Bosco :) We had a brief chat with the manager too and you can tell that they are genuinely interested in finding out how your stay went and cared that you had a great time. The customer service here is the best -- couldn't have asked for anything more!
5	Wow what an experience! My friend and I stayed one night here while attending a design conference in Phoenix (hotel is walking distance from conference center and numerous restaurants). The Palomar experience started when we pulled into valet and lasted till we checked out. Everyone was friendly and helpful and you honestly felt like you might just be the most important guest they had! The rooms were impeccable, the furniture had a modern aesthetic and even embraced a bit of my typography passion! Also a huge fan of the soy milk option at the morning coffee and tea bar! I will definitely be staying here again.
5	My wife and I were on our honeymoon, and were just looking for a nice place to stay before we flew back to the midwest.  We stayed here and could not have been happier.  Spotless room, tasteful decor, great shower, free wine during happy hour.  We wanted to make an evening out of our last night on honeymoon, and actually never even wound up leaving the hotel premises.  Had an AWESOME dinner on the 2nd floor restaurant, and poolside drinks both before and after dinner (not to mention a nice dip in the pool).  I'd definitely go back and recommend this place to anyone headed to Phoenix.
4	Visited the palomar last night for an event. Valets were efficient and friendly, and staff was helpful. The public spaces were well designed which is expected from a Kimpton hotel. See separate review for hotel restaurant blue hound.
3	I am a huge Kimpton fan and I was a little disappointed. The good: it is new, it is super modern, the staff was friendly, the location was GREAT, and everything was clean. The bad: I was disappointed in the room. For $300/night I expected more. (1) We were on the bottom floor (4th) facing the train. The train woke us up a couple of times that night, so we didn't get the best sleep. (2) The small soaps/shampoos were used. I am all for the environment and prefer enviro-friendly hotel practices. But, if you are going to do that, get the larger containers. Tiny ones aren't for sharing. The shampoo was crusty and there was barely enough for my husband and me. (3) The shower was modern with a half piece of glass and no door. Yes this is modern, but it is also a little cheap (you save a lot of money on no floating doors). Water got all over the floor and there was a cold breeze from the AC. (4) It got warm at night. The AC kept shutting off. Anyway, I just expect more from a Kimpton.
5	Absolute fantastic! Everything here is perfect, the food, staff, and the rooms. I love this place :)
4	Beautiful. Can't wait to come back, try the resto too. Sending a small group here for a meeting in December and staff was friendly with the rates! Thanks!
5	We recently took a weekend getaway to Phoenix and stayed here. The Hotel is beautiful and our rooms were spacious and very comfortable. The staff here are topnotch. I love the lobby wine & hot apple cider hour in the afternoons, and the lobby coffee & hot chocolate bars in the mornings. We had access to the Golds Gym across from the hotel and were able to get a good workout in their cardio theatre. There is an outdoor skating rink right outside and a small shopping/dining area. It is located right across from the stadium and could walk to our event. I would definitely recommend staying here, especially if you are attending an event at the arena.
5	The Palomar Phoenix may be new, but it's already running as smooth as can be. The staff was so friendly - especially our bellman Charlie who helped us to our room and Chantelle who hosted the complimentary wine hour.  The huge and airy common areas (the two lobbies and the rooftop pool) are breathtaking and incredibly comfy to sit, relax, use the free wi-fi, etc.  The location also can't be beat - lots of places to eat nearby from inexpensive to bars with busy scenes. The newly opened Lucky Strike bowling alley and arcade a few doors down entertained my son for an hour until we had to drag him out. The rooms at Palomar PHX are lovely, with a touch of whimsy (the closets have old humorous laws printed inside). Our only complaint was that we were only staying one night and had to arrive fairly late and leave super early the next morning for a 6am flight (the hotel being so close to the PHX airport made that wake up time a little less painful). We'll be back for sure!
5	Hotel Palomar is my new favorite place to stay in Phoenix! We had to convene a meeting with participants from around the country on very short notice. Phoenix served as a nice hub and the Hotel Palomar provided a clean, welcoming, beautiful venue. What a reflief! The rooms are very nicely furnished and spotless, the Blue Hound restaurant has amazing food and drinks, the hotel is well-situated amongst many restaurant, shopping, and entertainment options, and, best of all, the staff are exceedingly gracious and anticipate every need. I highly recommend Hotel Palomar and we will be back ourselves!
5	LOVE this hotel and will stay here anytime in Phoenix. Awesome GM and it translates to all of the staff. Beautiful facility. Really set the standard for service. THANK YOU KIMPTON HOTELS!
5	Stayed here for a night during a weekend trip to Phoenix and was very happy with the accommodations. The room was very nice, modern and clean and all of the staff was very friendly and helpful. There was a free wine hour with pizza that was a nice plus. Would stay there again!
4	Hats off to Patrick & Chris for making my one-night stay as seamless as possible.  I really enjoyed the hip atmosphere of this downtown "cityscape" hotel, though I suggest they mention the construction crane online.... otherwise I would re-book and stay longer.The room was very clean and the bed and bedding were comfy-cozy.Would I stay here again? Yip.Thank you Hotel Palomar!
2	Yes it's new and the location is great.  Most of the staff was very good.  The hotel?  I don't know what these five star reviewers were seeing but it is not what I saw.  While my girlfriend was taking a big exam at the convention center she decided to get a hotel downtown to eliminate the risks of commuting, parking, car trouble etc. I decided to take the opportunity to do a little stay-cation.  I live and work in the area so Im not the kind of person who needs to sight see or anything like that.   I upgraded to a suite with the idea of enjoying a nice comfortable quiet room I could sleep in to the  crack of noon.  Id get lunch get a beer at Copper Blues and then come back and laze around in my comfy quiet upgraded nice suite.  Well when I checked in and saw the construction crane in front of the lobby it wasn't a good sign.  The cheap foam ear plugs on the night stand was the second bad sign.  The constant rattle of a rotohammer drilling into concrete above my room was just plain bad news. This goes on alllll day from 9-5.  For people on business its no big deal but for people hoping to relax in their room it is a problem.  I called the front desk at which time they appropriately asked how they could help.  I said get me two nights in the summer when I can come back to do my thing.  They countered with one night and they would check around for other hotels for me to check into and refund the money for the next two nights which by the way was $500 a night.  This negotiation went back and fourth till I requested to talk to a manager.  The front desk said he would call me the next day.  I hate to ramble on but you get the point.  In addition to that issue I didnt think the rooms were comfortable.  The couch was nothing more than sturdy patio furniture, it was canvas.  The back of the couch  had a seam that feels like a cable pressing against the back of your head.  If you are around six feet tall you arnt going to find any comfort on that couch.  Also the doors on and drawers on the furniture was minor league. Will only go back to walk past on my way to Copper Blues
5	Fantastic hotel. I stayed at the hotel on a business trip. I got in at 11 PM and realized that I had left my belt in LA. No stores were open, anywhere in Phoenix. I was SHOCKED when the manager, graciously, OFFERED ME HIS OWN BELT! I have never been treated so well at a hotel (and I've been Bel Air, Griti Palace, Fontainebleau). Everyone who works here is so pleasant and friendly. Clean rooms. Very comfortable bed. The restaurant downstairs is AWESOME. What a great hotel. Extremely well managed.
4	Wow what a great hotel!  Super friendly staff checked me in.  Water in the lobby as well as gorgeous art and fun bicycles??  They have a free happy hour on the second level - very nice and great wine while i was there.Coffee in the morning is also located at the same spot so you can get a cup on your way out.This hotel is convenient to dinner spots too and many of the business located in downtown Phoenix.I think they must be dog friendly too because i saw a lot of dogs here.  However my room did not smell like 'dog' so this is one place that does 'dog-friendly' right!The room was huge and instantly reminded me of a Ritz.  Very clean lines and fun art.  The bathrobes were adorable with tiger trim.  Will definitely be back!
3	The hotel was nice, however parking was rough, being downtown, so we chose to Valet for $27. Customer service was amazing! All of the service reps from valet to doorman to check in were extremely amazing and helpful. The room was nice, however not what we expected. The amount of towels, free q-tips, cotton balls, and other regular free items supplied were nice. However, there was not a coffee machine. The view was great, however there was some construction going on (earbuds were provided for daytime sleepers.) For some reason though, we were given a hotel room right next door to a couple with three small kids who were screaming all night and morning. This put the kabosh on our relaxing stay. Our fault for not letting mgmnt know but we kept thinking the kids would stop screaming soon. When we checked out we did not have cash for the valet tip, and their ATM was not up yet (should be up and running later that day), so we took the complimentary bikes to an ATM (awesome!). So mixed experience, however the staff was amazing and is the reason why we would consider this hotel a 2nd time.
5	Amazingly nice hotel! The staff were very friendly. Their computer system was down when we arrived, but the hotel staff were very kind and quickly remedied our check in delays.We had a Corner King Suite and it was one of the nicest that I have ever stayed in. Very spacious and the entire hotel is very modern and clean. The pool bar on the 3rd floor is breathtaking. Lots of great shopping and dining within walking distance.This is THE place to stay in downtown Phoenix!
4	I would definitely return. Though yes it would be after the construction on the upper floors (11-?) are completed. This construction noise is obviously heard even on the floor we stayed on(8th). If you are sensitive to anything outside of a loud whisper you may want to wait until this work is competed. And yes this work is not for the Palomar. This is a residential expansion with no connection to the hotel. Outside of this unfortunate nuisance of Downtown Phoenix growth. The hotel is well kept,modern,valet is fast,friendly ,courteous,  and recommended . The front desk is friendly and helpful. The room was clean,well maintained, and modern. A few personal choice input the pillows were fluffy but too soft more my taste and the bed was new but not as firm as I prefer, another is at least in our room the modern walk in shower was partially covered by glass but the entrance had no door allowing the shower to spray out of the shower onto the bathroom floor. The bathroom floor towel was no match for this poor design. The hotel restaurant The Blue Hound is worth a visit. The 3rd floor pool area is just the right size to hang out and catch some rays. Wait until the afternoon and the bar opens up on the roof to make it even more fun. Just across the street from the bball court and stadium and surrounded by the new City Scape. You can find something to do in walking distance from the hotel. Very convenient to the expressway also. 15 minutes from PHX helps. Taha at the front desk check in was a pleasure to deal with and aims to please. Also check out was fast,friendly,and accurate. What else can you ask for?
4	Great downtown Phoenix hotel, brand new! Crashing here for four nights, first couple nights has been good. I recommend getting room facing north, I have a south facing room and the office building across the street has lights on all night making it quite bright all night! Free coffee in the mornings and wine at 5pm. Very happy with overall experience, one draw back are the nearby bars which can get loud late in the evenings. Even though I was in room #723, I could still hear the noise.
5	I like this hotel it is pricey but i can call it luxury hotel. People here are super nice and friendly .
5	Fantastic customer experience!!   Looking forward to our MEB Managers Retreat!
5	Just checked in and wow is it beautiful!
4	Warning -hotel building adding 4 floors to top of building. Construction noise in room and by pool during the day. Not over the top uncomfortable but definitely a distraction.  Room and all of property is impeccably clean and very well equipped.  hotel also has deal with Golds Gym that is 20 yards from hotel back door.  No coffee in room but if you ask you get a Keurig! That is a deal maker!  I found staff good but not great. I travel for job and spend about 10 nights a month in hotels and perhaps my expectations were too high for staff based on other reviews..  I had a couple request where different staff members seemed indifferent and aloof.
4	I've been here several times to visit colleagues who stay here and to attend last year's Suns draft party.  The hotel is well appointed and the decor is very modern.  The service here is outstanding too.  Employees are attentive and willing to assist you.However, I primarily use this place as a place to park.  Their valet is very convenient to the US Airways Arena, Arrogant Butcher, and other downtown bars/restaurants.....so, I valet park here and walk to other business...shhh.Return Factor - 90%
4	For a little staycation, this place was great.  I LOVE that they are so dog friendly, even though we didn't take our mutt this time, we just might in the future.  The decor is very different and modern.  Super nice place.  They have a comp wine hour with sangria and flatbread pizza which was very nice.  I know they are doing construction, but I thought it was very quiet. The pool is a little confusing.  They are trying to start a pool party but I don't know what kind of crowd they are trying to attract, as they were allowing children in.  The dj was not good on this particular day.  Hope there are better pool parties in town.I would stay here again for a downtown event.
4	Just spent the weekend celebrating my fiance's dirty 30 birthday here and had a blast! The front desk was extremely helpful and hooked me up with a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. Not to mention, we were a large crew and were definitely "that group", but didn't care what everyone thought. The bar service by the pool could use some work and maybe putting the pool somewhere with sun after 4pm. Other than that, all around great place to stay downtown Phoenix! We will certainly be back soon.
2	It could be nice, but it just wasnt.  The room tried to be modern, but it was cheesy.  The shower was open and built terribly, the room was small and the decorations seemed cheap. The only plus side is its location.
4	I've quickly become a Kimpton junkie, all of their hotels are pet friendly so we don't have to leave our "babies" at home.Palomar Cityscape is a lovely property with a great location.  My hubby and "babies" visited here for the annual Dbacks Bark in the Park event and we had a wonderful experience at the hotel.The staff was lovely and attentive. The room was spacious and very comfortable and the rooftop pool was beautiful.The next time we are in town we will definitely stay here.
4	I was a long time Phoenix resident and after moving away and having to come back for a work trip, I was excited to stay at Hotel Palomar!  I took a cab from the airport and from the minute the car pulled up my experience was nothing short of spectacular!  Fantastic quick, easy, and dare I say enjoyable check in!  The valet attendant, the gentleman at the counter, everyone greeted me sincerely, the valet walked me in, welcomed me to PHX, and was very pleasant.  It seemed more conversation than business, and still very polite and professional.  The perfect combination of helpful and not pushy.  The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are spacious.  A bit of construction noise during the day, but why would you be in your room during the day?  And if you are, they left a nice little note about the noise and some earplugs . . . problem solved!  A $10 'raid the mini bar' credit for being a Kimpton Intouch member (score) because who doesn't love to raid the mini bar!  Other perks include free access to Gold's Gym, cocktail hour daily from 5-6 and the Blue Hound restaurant is one of my favorites for happy hour.Overall, this is an amazing hotel!  Great rates and they made me feel special and welcome. I look forward to more business trips to Phoenix so I can stay at the Hotel Palomar!
5	For a smaller boutique hotel, total WOW experience. Downtown Phoenix hotels finally have some serious quality competition. The best hotel in downtown Phoenix hands down.
4	Attended an event at the hotel tonight. I'm a fan of lobby bars and the Palomars looked pretty cool; I'm looking forward to a stay cation sometime soon.
5	Our stay here was great all around, even though the hotel is currently doing some construction work.  The service was polite and excellent all around.  Our room was clean, comfortable, and very nicely appointed.  Great large bathrooms and just nice all around.We spent time at the pool for a Yelp event, and really liked it.  There are good views all around and the bar is easy to get to and well stocked.Aside from the restaurants right in the hotel, there are a whole lot of very good options within a couple minutes of walking.
5	The staff here are phenomenal.  Our room was fantastic with a view directly across from US Airways center.  We were warned about the construction overhead, but never heard a thing.  For the health minded, there is free access to Gold's Gym right outside the 2nd floor door.  The Blue Hound inside the hotel has amazing food.  Free coffee in the morning and a happy hour in the evening with free sangria.  How can you go wrong?  For future staycations, I won't even bother looking at other hotels in the area.
4	All I can say is WoW!!! So, Wednesday night, I realized that I needed a hotel for my parents, Roxiedoggie, and I because I was leaving Laguna Beach to go to Phoenix the next day and needed to be near the convention center.  I was hesitant to book here, given its proximity to the convention center, but saw they had a restaurant on premises so wasn't worried about having to walk around, realizing some parts of downtown can be less than savory.From check-in to check-out, these guys are ON IT!!! I booked two nights because I was traveling with my dog and, c'mon, it's PHOENIX hot! :P I wasn't sure how long I would be at the show and wanted to make sure my father and his grandpuppy were adequately air conditioned while waiting for us. We're not used to the heat anymore.  I ended up finishing earlier than expected at the show and was able to check out about 2:30 PM.  Imagine my surprise when I found out that the second night's stay had been credited, since we checked out early! I've traveled with Roxiedoggie and she is a 5 star aficionado (her grandparents spoil her), so I am used to having to pay for the extra night so she can be comfy while waiting for us. I have NEVER, until now, had a hotel credit me for the second night.  Additionally, I thought I had read somewhere that parking was included, and mentioned that at check-in. There was no parking charge on my bill, either. The best part... NO EXTRA FEES for my Roxiedoggie! And, they provided us with dog bowls and a bed for her to sleep on! WHOA!!!As we left, my dad asked if I was sure we had to get back to California. I looked at him puzzled.  The only hotel he likes staying at is my brother's in Mendocino. He then said, "I could stay at this place for a long time. I was really comfortable and REALLY surprised. Your mom and I were worried when you told us we were staying downtown. We thought it was going to be one of those 'hourly' places they used to have!" LOL!!! My parents haven't stayed in downtown Phoenix in about 20 years. So, they weren't aware that any of it had been redeveloped.The only negative was the restaurant was a bit pricy and not a huge selection.  For two burgers an extra side order of fries and three drinks, we spent nearly $100. (In their defense, they were REALLY good burgers and fries. Not sure $100 good, but REALLY good.)Well, my quick review has turned into a tome. And, my fingers hurt now. So, if you need a place to stay in Phoenix, STAY HERE. The only thing better than the room is the customer service!!!
5	Staycation fabulousness!! The hunny and I stayed here one night to enjoy downtown phoenix without having to drive home.  We had a great time out and about with a convenient and hip place to crash at.  This would be my top pick for staying downtown.The good:Great location- near dbacks stadium & nightlifeModern decorYummy toiletriesOn site restaurantGreat rooftop barComfy bedThe bad:Construction going on during stayOdd valet- not totally organized
5	Loved it here!  Everything was amazing!  The pool, the wine, the rooms, the robes but what made this place over the top exceptional was the staff!  Charlie and I visited about places to visit and hike this morning, but ALL of the staff was exception!  My hats off to you all, you are doing it right!
1	We got a room here after our wedding everything was wonderful until 9 pm when the band started playing techno. The music was so loud we could not here the television. When we called the desk we were told the music would only last till 11pm...at 11:30 we called back because the music was still blaring...they told us it would continue until around midnight..the clubs in phoenix don't close until 3 am ..they offered us another suite, by now our night was ruined, we just went home...Loud place to stay, lying staff, unfriendly parking attendants...I wound not recommend this place to anybody. I would give them a minus if I could...
5	This review is for an event versus a star. We went to a beautiful wedding which tool place near the pool and has an incredible city/sunset view. The reception was in the ballroom. Service and food were excellent as was the layout. Very nice venue!
5	Britney at the front desk helped me out in an emergency. Her customer service was excellent I would hire her myself if she lived in my city
5	We chose the Hotel Palomar in downtown Phoenix to host our wedding reception and our expectations for a great event were far exceeded! This hotel is beautiful and modern with so many interesting textures used throughout the building. This created really cool backdrops for our photos! We held our reception in the Zia room, which is lined on 3 sides with windows overlooking Phoenix. Our guests were so impressed with the view and ambience created in this room. We chose an almost completely vegetarian menu for the reception and so many of our guests raved about the food and said, "I didn't even miss the meat". The staff were wonderful and pulled off a flawless reception!Additionally, the rooms are amazing and comfortable. The suites provide huge bathrooms with luxurious soaking tubs and huge showers. There is also a great pool deck area with outdoor bar that overlooks the sports arenas in Phoenix. I highly recommend this hotel!
2	Hmmm I am a darn huge fan of Kimpton hotels however when I booked here they failed to tell me there was street and building construction going on during my overnight stay. Tisk tisk. This hotel met Kimpton standards in decor and food and their famous happy hour but I never expected not to be told about construction jack hammers and all. Will not stay at this particular location again for that lack of service.
2	Well I came back and there was still construction going on and it woke me up early. I stayed on the same floor as last time the 5th floor and I know that is the pet floor but come on I even mentioned how disturbing the jack hammer can be. I get it the city was putting up an ice rink too. I still don't understand why they can't make an exception for the pet floor during circumstances like this. They did however give me free valet parking but I will not be staying at this particular Kimpton any more.
5	I've stayed at Kimpton's in San Francisco, Baltimore and Boston, and the Phoenix Palomar is by far my favorite. I choose Kimpton's since I travel with my dog and I appreciate their pet policy but even beyond that, they have phenomenal customer service and modern, comfortable rooms.For this hotel, they have a bar and restaurant onsite, as well as a rooftop pool. No onsite gym, but there's a golds gym across from the hotel that's free for hotel guests. I was pleasantly surprised as it was similar to equinox, which is much better than a small hotel gym. As all other Kimpton's have, they do their daily comp happy hour from 5-6 pm which is nice. The only downfalls of this hotel were parking ($27/day which is not common in Phoenix) and rooms only had one air vent by the window.Overall, I've been very happy with my stay and next time I'm in Arizona, I'd definitely stay here again as opposed to somewhere in old town Scottsdale.
5	After staying at the Hotel Palomar Phoenix, I am now a big fan of the Kimpton chain.  From the minute I pulled into the valet last Sunday (12/8), I was treated with kindness, respect and compassion.  Chris and Devin at the front desk are AMAZING.  Chris was kind enough to upgrade me to a different room after a sleepless night related to street construction.  The construction was not the hotel's fault and I didn't expect an upgrade.  When I requested a change of rooms to the other side of the hotel, Chris went beyond the call of duty and put me up in a corner suite.  It was FANTASTIC!  The pool and pool bar are gorgeous, and although I didn't use either of them, I had to walk through the area to see them both.  I will definitely enjoy an adult beverage at the pool bar on my next visit to the Palomar.  I just got off the phone making another reservation for my next trip.  Sara was professional, friendly and accommodating.  Hmmm, I don't think the Palomar hires anyone that is less than stellar.  Great hotel.  I will make it a point to stay in Kimpton hotels on all my upcoming trips.Thanks for everything!-Chris-
5	Best hotel and staff in downtown Phoenix ! It has been a long tome since I have seen the kind of customer service this hotel offers .. Stayed two nights with my daughters while we enjoyed The Nutcracker show and local shopping as we do every Christmas ... Have tried them all and we will be back here for our next fun filled weekend down town ! Thank You Palomar and staff for your kindness and attention to detail !
5	My boyfriend and I have stayed at Hotel Palomar twice now and we have had exceptional experiences each time! This weekend we stayed for my birthday and the staff outdid themselves sending a bottle of wine, fruit platter, and a HAND-WRITTEN birthday card with vouchers for 2 drinks at the bar to our room. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking to treat themselves to a nice fancy little getaway.
5	Contemporary.  Colourful. Eccentric. Artsy atmosphere. Beautifully just beautifully laid out- from the rooms to the rooftop pool and every hallway in between-- the hotel is just right.  Then you have the customer service-- friendly friendly people all around! Helpful, and friendly!  Loved it!  My experience here is all around great!  It makes me want to come back to Phoenix just so that I can stay here again!  Everything is walking distance-- and STARBUCKS is jusssst around the corner! Can't ask for more. Hands down greattttt.
4	My Wife & I participated in a pub crawl for the first time. Along with 3 other couples..We hung out and had cocktails at 5 restaurants/bars around the area including the Blue Hound Kitchen & Cocktails.  We did stay at the Palomar that night. Must say it was a pleasant experience. The hotel has a modern contemporary feel... with perfect views from any side of the hotel. In the morning had breakfast at the Blue Hound Kitchen the server was awesome..breakfast was great with nice view of the city scape.
5	This has been one of the best hotel experiences I have had. Door staff is incredibly friendly, as is the front desk staff. Rooms are essentially new and are incredibly well decorated (wish my house looked this nice). While I didn't get an opportunity to eat at the Blue Hound, I did have drinks there and it was definitely a nice environment. Will be back in Phoenix this January and I will definitely be staying here again.
5	Love this place! Great rooms, great bar/restaurant, access to Golds gym, free coffee in the morning, happy hour in the evening, good service and awesome location within walking distance to tons of stuff. I always stay here when I am in Phoenix.
4	This is a wonderful hotel in an otherwise humdrum hotel market.  Elegant and sophisticated, the rooms are spacious and quiet.  The lobby is designer perfect, with a beautiful marble faced fireplace and complimentary wine hour where complimentary quickie chair massages are offered.  The third floor features a nice pool with covered cabanas as well as a rooftop bar.  We dined at The Blue Hound in the hotel and found it very good.  A breakfast place Is immediately next door with quick service.  This would be my go to hotel in Phoenix if only there were more to do downtown - but a great choice if you need to be central.
5	Our stay at the hotel Palomar was nothing short of exceptional. We were on the last day of a cross county road trip, with our cat, and exhausted. The staff remembered our notes about this, and not only up graded our room -- but had room service delivered along with a cat toy (most Kimptons just hand us a bag of dog treats) that made our night and our cats too !  Attached was a handwritten note from the concierge, acknowledging traveling such a distance with a feline, and welcoming us. We would make a trip to Phoenix just for the relaxing atmosphere of this hotel. Thank you,
5	Fantastic stay! The beds were comfortable, they have a ton of things that they can let you borrow, such as an iphone charger if you forgot yours. I also left my toothbrush, and they brought me a Tom's preserve toothbrush. Everything was quality and you know the best part? the pretty pool, the pool bar, oh, and happy hour every day! Wine, flatbread pizza, and more wine. This is in a plaza that has other things such as golds gym and a couple of restaurants. When we stayed here, we did drive to most places, but it is walkable to some of the pizza places we looked up since it's pretty central downtown. it's even close to a club if you want a nightlife in Phoenix. I highly recommend Hotel Palomar in Phoenix. it's hip, and everyone's friendly! Just note, the parking is about $27 per day!
5	Stayed here twice now with kids, so we had connecting rooms.  Excellent stays both times.  The staff here is some of the nicest and most helpful I have encountered on our many travels lately.  The area is great to explore and walkable to tons of restaurants.  Access to health club next door is a plus...would love to stay here again!
5	I went on a weekend staycation with my boyfriend and we picked the Palomar because it is connected to the restaurant and bar -Blue Hound. First of all Blue Hounds food is delicious and the drinks are shaken to perfection...to die for!Staying at the Palomar was absolutely one of the best stays I have ever had at a hotel in Phoenix. There is a great nightlife all around so there is plenty to do on a Friday and Saturday night! Their rooms are modern with funky artwork, we had a corner room with an amazing view of downtown. The beds were luscious and cozy. The service was outstanding! When we checked out, the manager Marco made sure our stay was perfect and suggested places to go to for breakfast. We were on our way out when Marco gave us a gift card for the Blue Hound. How could we leave without trying breakfast there?! It was so great and we were so happy with how well we were taken care of at both places! Thank you Marco!We will definitely be staying at the Palomar again!!!
5	Loved my stay at the Palomar. I can't wait for spring time to book it again.Me and my husband stayed there as part of my Birthday weekend and went to a michael Buble concert across the street. It's such a convenient place to stay if you are going to the venue across the street. The rooms are spacious and the decor is simple, modern with a classic touch, and of course always eclectic. They also have a wine happy hour (as in free )! What more can you ask for?
4	Friendly staffFast check inClean room Nice amenities like the pool and Gold's Gym across the way.Price for munchies is ridiculous and room service menu is limited.Great location to stay if you want to go to a game in the nearby arena or ball field.
5	Great hotel with a lot of great amenities!
5	A beautiful hotel in the middle of downtown Phoenix. My husband and I stayed there for our second night as a married couple and the staff was lovely! We were congratulated, upgraded and given a bottle of champagne to enjoy before we headed off to our honeymoon. The shower was also so cool, as it was "walk-in" style that almost took up half of the bathroom. We thought it was well worth the price - and the downstairs hotel restaurant was divine. Definitely check out the happy hour.
5	this place was amazing and has such 5 star service. the bar/restaurant had such attentive staff and the bartenders were so fun to watch. love the decor and atmosphere!  wish i got the bartenders names, because they were just perfect! the food was so good too! i will def be back next time I'm in arizona!
5	I was in town for business and wanted to stay somewhere downtown to get the feel of the city.   I loved this hotel.  Decor was original and full of taste!  Staff was great.  Valet was fast and on time.  Comfy bed, and loved my room.  Check hotels.com for great rates from these guys.   Thanks Palomar - I will be back!!
5	Great Place!  Clean, friendly and perfect location if you need to stay in downtown Phoenix.  The staff at the front desk couldn't be any better, so helpful and on top of everything.  Doormen, valet and maid service was perfect.  If you need to go to the game its right across the street and there are some cool bars within 2 blocks of the hotel.  Found a gem of a sushi place close by and will yelp review that next!
5	Beautiful hotel.  My husband and I were going to a 3 day conference in downtown Phoenix, and it also happened to be our anniversary on one of those days so we decided to stay at the Palomar Hotel.  Our room was amazing, and we had a Japanese soaking tub which I loved.  They even have bicycles that you can use (at no cost) to ride around downtown.  The rooftop pool and bar was a plus as well.  We will definitely be back!
1	Let me start by saying I really wanted to like this hotel. We were planning on getting married here in January of 2015. We toured the rooftop with Alyssa and decided we wanted to move forward with our daytime brunch wedding. My excitement was short lived. I contacted Alyssa through email to let her know we wanted to book. Alyssa replied and said she would get the contract over to us. A week passed and nothing. I emailed Alyssa back and let her know I still hadn't received the contract. Alyssa's response, she would get it me by the end of the day. Did I receive it, NO! About 3 weeks passed and still nothing. Both my husband and I called and emailed and we FINALLY got a call back from Jazmin. Well Jazmin knew nothing. She wanted us to give her all the details AGAIN. She said Alyssa was out and didn't leave any info for event. Alyssa finally emailed us the contract but it was too late. We knew the Palomar was not the venue for us. Wedding planning is extremely stressful and this experience did not help. We passed up a "mom and pop" venue because we figured a corporate hotel would be more reliable. WRONG!
4	Hotel staff was really friendly and the room was hip and spacious.  I have stayed here twice.  The first time there was crazy loud construction on the top floor that started at around 4AM.  Needless to say, I didn't get to sleep in like I had originally planned on my little vacation.  The hotel staff was very understanding and gave me a coupon for free full in room breakfast.  Because of the way things worked out, I didn't get to use it.  When they learned this upon check-out, they granted me a discount on my room instead.  I thought that was totally cool.  Additionally, I also needed to print something during my stay.  They didn't have a business center, but let me jump on one of their computers behind their desk.  This was a great first impression.I didn't check out the free wine tasting, but was around when it was going on.  It looked legit.  Next time, I will definitely check it out.  I did eat at the Bluehound and wrote a review about it on Yelp, and also gave it good remarks.The second time I stayed, there was no construction noise.  I did use the gym across from the hotel.  I had no problems.  All I had to do was show the gym's front desk my hotel room key.These were the first experiences I had at a Kimpton.  Now, I routinely look to stay at one of these hotels wherever I travel.  If you are looking for a posh place to stay, this is for you.  And the best thing about these hotels is that they offer military discount!P.S. The only downside to this hotel is the outrageous cost for valet parking and the nearby garage is really no better. I believe it is something around $25.00 a day(I cannot remember off hand).  If you can avoid coming to this hotel with a vehicle do it.  besides, it's extremely difficult to find parking downtown anyway.
5	Our stay was very enjoyable this past weekend. This very swanky property is very upscale and cool. We loved our room and the accommodations. The staff was very attentive and friendly. You can't beat the locations and surroundings. We'll definitely lbe going back!
5	My finance and I stayed at this hotel for a stay cation! I couldn't of been more impressed with the friendly staff and swanky decor. The hotel has great service and amenities such as ping pong near the pool as well as bar seating and lounge chairs, gym pass to Gold's gym (which is about 20 steps from the hotel lobby), coffee and tea in the morning and a wine tasting. The location of the hotel is nice because it is walking distance to many downtown Phoenix activities- Chase Field, US Airways arena, and CityScape. I would highly recommend this hotel. Our room was beautifully decorated and the staff was very helpful! Thank you for an amazing stay and we cannot be more excited to come again!
5	One word: incredible. Every single staff member we encountered was super friendly and helpful. Room was impeccably clean and spacious. It's the little things that make a property a 5* and Palomar nails them all. Inner circle amenities were great-- we randomly met the person who put ours together and it was clear that a lot of thought went into it. Bell man was awesome too; it is clear he takes a lot of pride in this property. On the walk to our room,  he was pointing out a bunch of design features which was a nice treat for a travel geek like me.  Become an in touch member and get a $10 mini bar credit too. Easily a top 10 lifetime hotel experience.
5	We stayed overnight for a baseball game with some friends. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful. We brought our dog and they brought up a set of bowls that we could use which was a nice touch.We had a regular king bedroom on the fifth floor. It overlooked Jefferson St. The room was large and the room was quiet. The furnishings were great and the room was very clean and in great shape. The bathroom was large as well. We enjoyed the sangria at the happy hour. There is plenty to do within a block of the hotel including restaurants, bars,comedy club, bowling alley, shopping, etc. I would definitely stay again.
5	***Hotel Palomar Phoenix is a very upscale hotel with a great location in Downtown Phoenix; it is also, like several Phoenix hotels, very reasonably priced***Phoenix in the summer is very hot and Downtown Phoenix is slightly sleepy for a Downtown area, but it is a great option for a reasonably priced weekend getaway.  High-end food and hotels in Phoenix are quite inexpensive compared to other big and more sought cities.  While Phoenix's food and attractions (as well as the weather) might not measure up to cities like San Francisco or Los Angeles, it is a good value and worthwhile if you enjoy exploring new cities.Kimpton's Hotel Palomar is a great option for your Phoenix stay.  It has a perfect location for Downtown Phoenix.  It is just a few steps away from the major sports venues located in Downtown Phoenix like Chase Field.  It is also within walking distance to popular and well-known Phoenix restaurants like Pizzeria Bianco.In addition to its great location, Hotel Palomar is a great hotel from top to bottom.  The exterior is very modern and so is the lobby.  The lobby has a great look that is both very modern as well as very comfortable.  The front desk is friendly and free rental bikes are on display.While I did not check out Hotel Palomar's fitness center, I did explore their upscale bar (Lustre Bar) and the pool area.  Lustre Bar is sleek and contemporary; the drinks and food menu even have a slight hipster vibe.  The pool area has a bar and lounge area and the pool is also stylish and hip like a Los Angeles pool scene.  During the summer, Hotel Palomar's pool is open to the public.The rooms at Hotel Palomar are elegant and have a Las Vegas-esque feel with its combination of comfort, spaciousness and sleek decor.  There are great touches throughout their rooms like modern couches, very nice beds with padded leather headboards and a beautiful bathroom with a great floor and a very nice glass shower.  There is also a subtle use of decoration and color in the room to provide both an elegant and distinct look.The room was very comfortable--very comfortable bed with great linens and a good room temperature (I think the room could have been a little cooler given the hot Phoenix weather).Kimpton's loyalty program InTouch is a nice plus too because it is great for newcomers as well as elite members.  Unlike the major hotel loyalty programs like Marriott, Hilton and Starwood, Kimpton's InTouch program provides tangible benefits to regular members.  Just being an InTouch member gets you free Wi-Fi access as well as a $10 credit to the minibar, which is a great plus since so many people are afraid of even opening the minibar given its incredibly high prices.  The $10 credit gives you a lot of choice in the minibar.There are other fun bonuses available to all guests like complimentary morning coffee and tea as well as a nightly complimentary wine reception.Service at Hotel Palomar is very friendly and polished.Room rates at Hotel Palomar are very reasonable.  Occasionally room rates are high here, but room rates are often surprisingly low.  Hotel Palomar would be twice or three times as much (maybe even more) if it was located in cities like Los Angeles or San Francisco.I really enjoyed Hotel Palomar in Phoenix.  It was my second Hotel Palomar experience.  I have also been to the Hotel Palomar in San Francisco.  While I liked that hotel, Hotel Palomar Phoenix is a nicer property with bigger rooms and more amenities.  It is an excellent option for a business or pleasure stay in Downtown Phoenix.Valet parking is available.
5	One thing that I love about staying at kimpton hotels is that you generally know what you are going to get, and this was no exception!  It is in a great location in downtown Phoenix, while the downtown is sleepy this is close to the sports stadiums and airport!The hotel is modern and sleek.  The fitness center is actually the golds gym across the street which is nice!I received great service as well, which again is no surprise because you always get this at kimptons!
1	Overpriced "special" for the 4th gave us a view of South Phoenix and the lonely abandoned hotel across the block. No option for views of fireworks to the north and east. Blue Hound closed for holiday, as well as the many excellent eateries downtown. Pool & DJ opened to the Public. We saw two servers in two hours at the pool top; never did anyone personally offer service. Front desk offering plenty of excuses & more drink credits but people needed food & service.Don't waste your time here as other downtown hotels have far better views & service, with more reasonable rates. It is noted that local guide in room has the majority of listed restaurants in Scottsdale & Arcadia. Kimpton seems out of touch with downtown establishments.
5	This place is great.  Very friendly staff, super clean, modern, and comfortable.  They even offered free wine tasting for guests in the afternoon which was a great surprise.  And great location being right in the heart of Cityscape where there are good restaurants, bars, and nightlife.  Nice pool on the outside deck of the 3rd floor with full bar, lounge chairs, and outside games like ping pong and cornhole.  Also open to the public and can be accessed from the street as well.  Awesome hotel!!!
5	We stayed on a Monday night and were totally impressed with the friendly service we encountered. From the bellman to the bartender, everybody went out of their way to make us feel comfortable and welcome. We loved the room with the large tub and the view of Cityscape. The complimentary wine and flatbread was a very nice touch~~again served by friendly staff. The complimentary morning coffee was absolutely spectacular. You'll have to work hard to find better coffee and I hogged up more than my share. Dinner at Blue Hound was quite tasty and the service was very good. I wish there was a little better selection of wine, but the wine I ordered was pretty good. The only drawback was a couple of noisy drunks stumbling out of the elevator in the middle of the night and someone's heavy base-line leaking into the room for a little while. Might have been the hotel background music seeping through the a/c vents, I dunno. It wasn't loud enough to disturb most people but it kinda bugged. Can't hold it against the hotel, though.
5	My friends and I came here for my birthday this weekend. It was amazing. From the amazing service, to how dog friendly they were with my poodle, to how COLD their pool is, to the free drinks we got with our room, to tim, who brought our bags to the room and brought us games and ice. It was a blissfully perfect staycation. I looked forward to coming to the hotel palomar for a couple of months and I was not disappointed.We ended up not having to pay for parking because of the special we got but that would be the one thing that would deter me from a 5 star review. Phoenix just isn't the type of city to procure $30 parking fees.If you are a dog lover this is the place. They brought my dog a bed, dishes, placemat, and allowed him to go everywhere I went. I can't wait till the next staycation!Thank you:)
2	We picked this hotel because it was within walking distance of Chase Field. We have tickets for a diamonbacks game and my husband and I thought we would make a weekend out of. Where do I start.... The staff is super friendly.  When we 1st got here I was highly impressed.  Our view beautiful. . But then we noticed we could hear EVERYTHING.  The people going in and out. The club within the hotel until at least 1am. All I wanted was quite and be able to sleep in since that is unheard of in my house and it didnt happen. As much as we paid for the hotel with no free WiFi and the noise factor.  I will NOT be coming back.
5	Great place!  Very reasonably priced.  Big, beautiful rooms.  Comfy beds.  Quiet.  And great restaurants and shopping surrounding it.  I would go back in a heart beat.
5	A great hotel, in my experience, only matched by the Four Seasons hotels. Great downtown location, just steps from Chase Field, immaculate facility, great hosted wine and cheese party each day, the best bedding I've ever slept on, and a staff of quality employees. Only one complaint: the shower glass is only 3 ft long, and it needs 5. Every shower we took caused a flood in the bathroom. Such a simple thing, but it is a major flaw. I still give them 5 stars, this place is awesome, but c'mon guys, fix the showers.
5	I'm wondering if they'll notice that the guest in 1036 never ever leaves! SO HAPPY HERE! Love Hotel Palomar. Simply everything about it, starting with the amazing, thorough, kind, effective General Manager. Jim Hollister sets the tone for every staff member. The moment you arrive, the valet/bellman is so happy that you have arrived, the desk representatives are happy to see you, welcoming you back, so delighted to make connections for you to the tea/coffee time in the mornings and the wine hour in the evening. Tonight Paul McCarthy performed across the street at the Arena so the hotel's restaurants were booked as were all those nearby. Jennifer at the desk went over the menu with me, arranged for room service and I was all set. Housekeepers, in-room waitstaff, an engineer who came to check one part of the room: they were there on a timely basis, so nice, so helpful, no trouble to help you with anything. As a person who is literally in hotels 3-5 nights a week, many times 7 nights a week, staying at a Kimpton is more than a cut above. It sets the standard--just like you'd think of a Ritz or Four Seasons...only the Kimpton is so down-to-earth, friendly, great natural lighting. Oh my! SO great! Hotel Palomar Phoenix: I LOVE YOU! Thank you everyone for making my stay and therefore my work nearby such a pleasant, comfortable, refreshing experience. Jim: Well done! Keep leading well, along with Bosco!
5	A last minute trip to Phoenix resulted in a one night stay at the Hotel Palomar.  The experience was flawless.  The staff is friendly, rooms are very comfortable and quiet.  The hotel is understated in its elegance....They definitely hit the mark when designing this property.I will definitely be a return visitor.
4	Managed to get a great deal by booking several months in advance at this hotel and glad we did.The hotel appears to be brand new and is modern and elegantly designed.The rooms are well appointed and beautifully furnished...  there was a little noise from other guests, but not obtrusive.The free use of Gold's Gym was also a great bonus ...All in all, we loved it and would not hesitate to return...
4	As stated in my previous review I really wanted to like this place so even after our unpleasant experience with Alyssa, we decided to stay here 2 nights after our wedding (wedding was at a different location). We stayed in a junior suite and it was nice. The tub was awesome and I loved the decor. When we returned to our room after our wedding dinner (dinner was at a different hotel) there was a vase with 2 roses and chocolate covered strawberries with a little chocolate wafer that said "Happy Anniversary". Later that night we spent some time at the rooftop bar and the service was horrible. It looked like there was only 1 or 2 servers and it was packed bar. The second day we were out by the pool for a couple hours and that was nice and relaxing. Our waitress Brooke was great! The second night we called it a night pretty early and you could really hear the music from the surrounding bars. I wouldn't recommend staying here if you want a peaceful early night. I can say that I do think that we would return. The staff was pleasant to deal with and you can't beat the location.
5	Excellent service makes all the difference.Today I was visiting a friend from out of town.  I work in downtown Phoenix and I have  passed the  Hotel Palomar countless times but I never paid  attention to the beautiful property. Hotel Palomar is located right in the heart of downtown Phoenix near the sports stadiums, restaurants and other downtown venues.  As you walk into the Palomar you are greeted with a sense of comfortableness and familiarity, it's as if you been a long time resident of the Palomar.The Palomar is trendy and they have this amazing pool located on the 3rd floor of the hotel that overlooks downtown Phoenix.   I wish I had more time to explore the hotel.  I am sure there was a lot more to see. The staff and concierge appear to be very  knowledgeable and friendly.  The Palomar seems to have everything you could ask for in a luxury hotel. A  convenient location, excellent customers service, beautiful clean rooms, and we'll  to many amenities to list.  I know where I will be staying the next time I want a vacation away from home.
3	First time I've visited this hotel and thought the room was very nice, and the location is also well centered in downtown Phoenix. I do have two gripes about the hotel though, I was exited to hit the pool at night but was very disappointed when I went and it closed at nine o'clock and it had no hot tub either. Also I had to pay THIRTY extra dollars a night just to park my car, which I was not informed of when I checked in and was blind sided checking out. I might recommend another hotel in the area that may not have as many restrictions.
5	Although we did not stay at the hotel we did visit the rooftop bar. This bar is phenomenal! The drinks had the right amount of alcohol to where you didnt feel like you were drinking juice nor did you feel like they were over powering. The live band was absolutely fantastic! I would definitely return!
4	I would recommend Hotel Palomar to anyone visiting Phoenix. The hotel is conveniently located, with plenty of dining options within a block, a CVS across the street, and the Phoenix Convention Center a short walk away. It is only a 10min drive from the airport.The rooms were nice, with comfortable beds and lots of pillows. The amenities are great, with free access to Gold's Gym Elite on the same block, a rooftop pool and bar, and a good cocktail lounge downstairs. Free coffee and tea are provided on the 2F lobby in the mornings.Service was overall good, although housekeeping failed me a couple of times. (1) One of the bath towels in the room had patches of black sticky goo on it that looked like chewing gum. I called and asked to have the towel replaced. No replacement ever arrived, and I didn't feel like calling again. Luckily, there was an extra set in the room. (2) Someone from housekeeping barged into the room before 8am on Saturday, the day we were supposed to check out and startled us from our sleep, even though checkout isn't until noon.
1	So disappointed. Valet who parked my car at the hotel last night for an event I was attending at the residences ran into another vehicle and marked up my front bumper. Even worse, they didn't tell me. Never going or parking there again.
5	We just threw my friend's bachelorette party here and we had an amazing time. The staff was so helpful and worked with us to make several surprises happen for the bride. We loved everyone who helped us out with special thanks to Jill, Devin, and Tim. If you have an event or just an evening that you want to make special, these guys know how. The room was beautiful, spacious and clean. And best of all, it feels homey. Not like a sterile hotel-y feeling; a feeling that someone went through a lot of work to make you feel comfortable and stylish. I felt like we left this hotel with a few new friends.
4	Class act.... The beds are comfy...the hotel looks very chic and the rooms are sweet plus we hear the 5 days of summer boys are staying in our hall. (This explains why there are 743 screaming teenaged girls lurking around outside the hotel) anyway...nice property and attentive, friendly staff. I'd stay here again. Ps....If you are a vegetarian, you might want to ask for a room that sits far away from the blue hound because at certain times of the day the halls, elevator and even my room smells of roasting animal flesh.That aside, this is the nicest, freshest hotel in downtown Phoenix in my opinion
5	Pet friendly hotel. We had a wonderful stay. Hotel highly exceeded our expectations. friendly staff, good bar and restaurant, convenient downtown location just steps to starbucks, CVS, gym, and more. Very clean and warm modern interior. We would definitely stay here again.
5	the room is big, but the air condition makes more noise than air the wi-fi cost money is this from roosevelt era? every BB provides free wi-fi today long waiting time foir evelators
4	First time to stay with JW - I think they are emulating the Mandarin Oriental in decor and style - there were some issues with the location - $42 for parking?? Unbelievable... The flashing lights from the big screens on the surrounding buildings were hard to block out with the curtains - great design in the bathroom - high end toiletries. The bed was comfortable - although no international TV stations - that was weird given the location and clientele... $12 for internet - because the can - and the bed skirt was stained - so I don't know if I would stay again.
5	This was a great hotel! The room was spacious and if you sign up for the Kimpton hotel membership, you get a $10 credit to raid the bar! We basically got 2 free bottles of juice, which was pretty nice. They also have a bunch of snacks of booze too if you wanted some of that, but seeing as we were only staying a night and driving home the next day, juice seemed like the practical thing to grab for the road. The beds are super comfy and they have C.O. Bigelow toiletries, which were nice! I really like how Kimpton hotels have cute animal print robes and even yoga mats in the room for you in case you wanted to do a little exercise. The staff here are super friendly and helpful, giving us directions to the Wrigley Mansion where we were attending a wedding later that day, and also some info about the area around us in case we wanted to wander around in our spare time. Overall, I thought the room was fantastic for the price and would definitely stay here again next time I find myself in Phoenix!
5	Really friendly and courteous staff. Very pet friendly. Places to walk your dogs nearby. Rooms were spacious, clean and modern. Lots of restaurants downstairs. Great location for baseball and basketball.
5	Gotta love the Palomar! Came here with family over Xmas and though the staff was pared down to bare bones, we had a very relaxing time. We upgraded to a corner suite (well worth the money), watched the ice skaters on the temporary rink right outside, Golds' Gym is so close you can practically crawl there and then there's the uber friendly service. From the free cocktail hour to the free loaner bikes to the dog friendly vibe, we very much enjoyed our stay. I was worried that not being on the top floor might be noisy (I'm a light sleeper), but I didn't hear anyone and the bed was so comfy! A welcoming and warm place to visit! And winter rates were quite affordable.
