3	I tip my hat to the runners who showed up for the 2008 Rock 'n' Roll Marathon and 1/2 Marathon.  Not only are they good runners, but evidently they are good drivers as well.  When 30,000 people converge on a four block radius and all you get is a 4 car pileup near the freeway exit... then I call that a success!I know they say to get there early, but I think my plan of getting there late really worked.  I got to ride the shuttle with only 2 other passengers, and I walked right into the porta potty, since all of the corrals had already pushed toward the starting line.Of course, there is a downside to arriving late.  The only bananas that were left were quite green, and the peel was resisting my efforts, and winning.It was a little chilly, but I had the foresight to bring an oversized garbage bag (unused) to wear.  From what I could tell, I was the only member of 'Team Hefty'.13.1 miles of rubber hitting asphalt goodness.  To the douchebag who hawked more than one huge loogie on the course... dude, while I'm impressed at your expectorant's effectiveness, next time, move a few feet to the edge and spew off the course.The best part about this marathon was the amount of support.  I counted about 13 high school cheer or spirit teams whooping it up for us.  Is it just me, or are high school girls more alluring than they were, say 20 or so years ago?Makes me wish I was back in high school.  No, not as the creepy janitor guy who just happens to show up in the ladies room with a mop & bucket after you close the stall door, but as the questionably straight cheer mascot.Around mile 8, a fetching young lady approached me to say that she had been using me to keep pace with.  That was quite a motivator, and I pushed myself even harder, until I remembered the scene in True Grit where John Wayne pushes his horse too hard, and it crashes to the ground in a glorious cloud of dust.I finished and passed a food table as I made my way to the exit.  I grabbed two Dole Fruit & Yogurt cups.  It wasnt until I opened it, that I realized that its gelatinous form would be hard to eat without a spoon... so I went for the toothpaste method.  I'm sure it was all over my face.I got a cool colored medal.  Cant wait to wear it to work tomorrow, shouting out: "Jeffey say - Go For Gold!"For those who don't know, this is the event that Yelp-mate Ivonne B was training me for.Some might call me a hero, for finishing 13.1, but I'm no hero.  No, that title is reserved for my friend Phil and his wife Lissa... or Yelp's own Jenn X, who ran the full 26.2.  They are the true heros of the marathon world.  I'm just a squirrel trying to bust a nut.In the days preceeding the event, a handful of people said that this was going to be the greatest memorable occassion ever.  Maybe I just dont get it, or maybe I'm just bitter.But as Homer would say...[sickly sweet]  Oh, look at me!  I feel so special being a part of this transcendental event!  I'm the Magical Man from Happy-Land, in a gumdrop house on Lollipop Lane!  [leaves the room, slamming the door][pokes his head back in]  Oh, by the way, I was being sarcastic.[closes the door]
4	Congratulations to all you fit people or wanna be fit people-- I congratulate you on running, walking, skipping whatever it is that you do to finish a marathon or a 1/2 marathon.  I actually had to drive to work this Sunday to get something off my desk I forgot and nearly lost my shiz when I saw all the roads blocked off but actually it wasn't bad I found my way to my office just fine.  It was actually pretty cool to see all those people out and about huffing away.  I honked as I drove by the underpass -- pretending to look around with that look on my face of "who is honking??"  -- hoping I motivated someone anyone.  SO this review is more a SHOUT OUT to those that participated.  WAY TO GO!!
5	Thanks to everyone who put up with all the closed roads and driving detours yesterday for the marathon.  As one of the largest marathons in the country it was really cool to see all the spectators, volunteers and bands supporting and encouraging the 34,000 runners. I finished the half marathon yesterday and the war wounds aren't nearly as bad, but I am sore as hell still. It became clear at the startline  that we really have to do something about the Capitol complex. That area is a disaster.  Thanks for all the carb-heavy food and drink at the start and finish.  I have never enjoyed spilling hot coffee all over myself up until yesterday morning. Thanks to the UPS drivers who hauled our stuff to the finish.The half-marathon doesn't run through the most attractive parts of Phoenix, but McDowell Road is definitely a step up from Van Buren..  That's for sure. Could you imagine thousands of runners trying to dodge hookers on their way to the finish line?And also, thanks to the guys in my running corral who dressed up and ran as the Super Mario Bros: Mario and Luigi.  You guys rock.
4	I was pretty impressed with this event.  One star off 'cause it took me a half hour to cross the start line...and I wasn't even all the way back!  Lots of food, water, Accelerade, and port-a-potties all along the course and the start/finish.  There was a big traffic jam at the Scottsdale Rd exit getting to the parking lots by ASU, but once I actually got into the lot, there was plenty of parking.However, nothing beats my iPod shuffling itself to 'We Will Rock You' with about a third of a mile to go...true story!
4	I am right there with Pierre... I was rudely woken up at a 6am and numerous times after that to a band playing that seemed to be right in my back yard.  And then of course the media helicopters hovering over.  In my disoriented state I thought to myself what nut would hold band practice at 6am on Sunday morning... I wanted to call the police.  But then i realized what all the ruckus was.   Congrats to all the runners and the winner who won his first marathon... that is impressive!
3	As a general rule, it is probably a bad idea to make your first run of the year a half marathon after not training and spending a few months with a case of bronchitis.   But after paying the entry fee, buying my plane ticket and agreeing to go in on a hotel, I was kind of committed. The crowd management for this event was no small task.  The expo was the first display of the professional planning - packet pickup was smooth and organized.  Amazing how this industry has changed in the last few years.  The race course was geographically boring- lots of strip malls and stuff, but the volunteers were great.   Every Jr. High cheerleader in the Phoenix area must have been there, cheering and giving high fives. Despite the solid support (well-trained and cheerful volunteers & staff , lots of food, good crowd management, I'm not sure I'd go back.    The race was just too big and with the flight, hotel, waste produced, it just isn't the experience I'm looking for.   But if you're looking for a massive event that is well produced, this might be a good fit for you.
2	I wasn't a participant, so I am just reviewing this event based on how freaking painful it was to get to this marathon. Directions on the website were wrong, exits were closed, you're going to funnel -that -many cars through one left turn lane at an intersection with no left turn arrow... and not have cops directing traffic? What? And what's up with no parking near the finish line for folks who are picking up their crazy marathoning relatives/friends? I would have carried my boyfriend to the car if I could, but instead he had to hobble an additional 1/4-1/2 miles after the race. Lame.
5	Big fun!  One of the best run marathons i have ever seen.  The entertainment along the way keeps your spirits up, even when your feet are dying.  My only problem was that i was too wiped out after the marathon to enjoy the free admission to the after concert/party
5	This half-marathon event was my first, and I had a blast!  I was approached by a coworker who asked if I would like to join the event.  Since the company was offering to pay the admission fee, I accepted the challenge.  I had planned only to walk all the way, since I had developed plantar fasciitis on my left foot from all those years of running ten miles everyday.  However, it being my first marathon event and with so many eager attendees, I began the event with a running start.  Funnily enough, I was running/walking four to six miles every other day up until about sept. or oct. 2007.  From then on, I was only doing cardio, strength, and flexibility DVD exercises, so I really did not train for this event; Yet, I am proud to have finished the run/walk, and with a good time (2:28), as well!I'd like to thank a few nameless (and faceless)  people, young and elderly, who I kept pace with.  It was so inspiring to see so many in their 60s and beyond keeping pace (and humbling, too, to have many more pass me by!).  Many thanks to the cheering people, squads and individuals alike, who showed up with their smiles and high spirits, and also I tip my hat to the volunteers who handed out nourishments along the way!I skipped on pre-registering for next year thinking that my employer would do the event again, and this time doing it right by having a tent set up for the aftermath celebration, but alas, my employer elected not to sponsor a second time on account of so many no-show employees which cost the company so much money.  Tsk, tsk.  Perhaps those of us who wanted to run next year's event will be able to talk our employer into supporting us in 2010!  If you're thinking of signing up, think no more and just do it!  It'll be an event you'll remember for the rest of your life.
3	Typical of Phx but it sucked parking and getting there and trying to leave once in Tempe.  I highly recommend getting somebody to drop you off and try to meet up with them afterwards at a predefined location.It's cool though because they have beer (carbs) afterwards and all the liquid stops well staffed with lots of cups everywhere.  HINT:  shoot for the end of the row, nobody goes there and way less crowded.The music along the way is pretty cool but honestly once you zone in... I never heard em anyways.  The sign holders run a pretty tight pace according to their time on the sign so you can always pace them as well.Some of the pavement to concrete transitions suck along the way and concrete hurts that far into the run but not much they can do about that.
1	I hate the marathon, every year it ruins my life for one day. I live in Tempe and there is nothing greater than shutting down all the roads near my place and then having to battle with the increased traffic, at least its only once a year, ahhhhhh I forgot about Ironman!!
5	This is always an annual favorite and despite my piss-poor training this year (2009), I still had a great time. Registration pick up was extremely easy and smooth. Keeping with family tradition, we cycled between the Michelob Ultra stand and the "Red Beans and Rice" stand at the Expo. I did about 20 laps on Saturday afternoon (did I mention my piss-poor training?). The race ran smoothly, as always. My only gripe is that the course takes you down the "fast food alley" of McDowell Road.....not exactly the most exciting path. But, it does end beautifully as you cross Tempe Town Lake to finish. I've gotta give props to the post-race snacks this year. Great chips and the Missile Pops took me back to 5th grade! We went through the food line and grabbed a couple, then went back to wait for my Dad to come across the finish line. If I had a dollar for every person that walked by and asked me where I got the Missile Pop, I could have paid for my registration! And, of course, the best was saved for last. After 13.1 miles, nothing beats the sweet, sweet release of a free Michelob Ultra.....always the highlight of this race for me.....see you next year.....hopefully, in a bit better shape!
2	The last four miles of this marathon (the whole) were excruciatingly boring.  They changed the course for 2009 and it was for the worse.  It is a really terrible way to end what is otherwise a pretty scenic run.
3	Cool theme with music along the route, but organization and execution of the start and finish are inconsistent, and sometimes very frustrating.  The end location needs better access to key roads for ability to move people out of the area, and parking in downtown Tempe is becoming quite a chore.  Traffic is bad, which makes getting there and going home quite painful.
4	I did the half this year and am looking forward to doing it again in January.  Nice big expo with plenty of different vendors.  Also tons of Rock n Roll gear that you can buy.  They're offering a tech tee instead of a regular t-shirt as the participant's tee next year, so that's something new to look forward to.  Flat course that can get a little boring at times, but that's what the bands and cheerleaders are for - they really help to keep you going.  I love the Rock and Roll medals and am working to collect more!
5	Always a good time!  And, FINALLY, we received tech tees instead of plain old cotton t-shirts.  The expo has a lot going on, and is always packed.  One thing:  The expo should either be for runners only or not allow double strollers.  Seriously!  We took the shuttle from the finish line to the start with no problems.  Several others told us they've had to wait for 30 mins at other races, so I think we lucked out!The course is pretty flat with a lot of spectators and a lot of runners, but the corral system works pretty well.  The finish line is well stocked with volunteers, food, and water.  Definitely a fun race!
4	The Rock N Roll Marathon series has fourteen races in their tour and Arizona is the first in their schedule. I've done three of the races in their series and all of them are very organized and are recommended for pretty much any type of runner: they have prize money for the hardcore people at the front and plenty of entertainment for the novice runner.Logistics: The start line is in downtown Phoenix and ends in Tempe for both the marathon and half marathon (the full marathon has a larger loop in North Phoenix and runs through Scottsdale). There were no shuttles to the start after the race and they recommended parking at the finish line before the race (they did have shuttles to the start before the race). The shuttles were very efficient and they had a number of extra buses: I didn't see long lines or people waiting (although I arrived two hours before the start) as I have in some races. They also stagger the start with people placed in corrals based on their expected finish time. This works pretty well, especially for races that attract 30,000 or so people. I was in Corral 2 and it was still fairly crowded along the course, I can only imagine the chaos if it wasn't staggered. Water stations were liberally sprinkled throughout the course and cheer groups and bands were also about every mile: there were a few less bands than what I've seen at San Antonio and Virginia Beach, but still plentiful enough.Course: This is the only reason that I'm going with four stars instead of five. In terms of running, it's a pretty easy course: very flat and on pavement. Visually, there isn't too much to recommend it. You're mostly running through light industrial sections of Phoenix and out along the desert. Much of the scenery is therefore foreclosed buildings that give you an idea of how bad Phoenix is hurting in this recession. Understandable, but a more interesting or scenic course would get five stars.Miscellaneous: For those people thinking of running the race from out of town, I think your best option is probably to stay at a downtown Phoenix hotel. You're right next to the expo and the starting line is a mile or so away. The light rail line also runs by the expo and close to the finish: if you had a one way pass, you could just take it back to the hotel from the finish. Probably the second best option would be to stay in Tempe: there are shuttles to the start and you could take the light rail to the start and expo as well.Overall, this is a well organized race and makes a great sunny vacation in January.
4	Wow! Great race, absolutely perfect weather, slight incline towards the end, well organized, and LOTS of people. I think they claim they're the largest half-marathon in the US? I wouldn't be surprised.You know it is a big race when the Marathon and 1/2 Marathon take *completely* separate courses. Also, being a "Rock n Roll" sponsored event, they had bands/cheer squads for BOTH races. Now that is a race.The bathroom lines were horrendously long but moved at a pretty quick pace. I think they had every port-a-potty from Arizona and New Mexico at the race.This is a great early season race to really show how well your winter training has progressed. I'm using it as prep for the LA Marathon in March.Spongebob Awesomeness: If you looked closely at the starting line... yep, that was none other than John McCain waving and cheering people on.
4	This year's run I thought was better than previous years. The headliner concert was in the afternoon rather than later in the evening, which made it easier for people to attend...from what I hear - I passed out after the run and missed the concert again. The course is flat with minor hills in the back portion around mile 10. Despite flat and fast, I always seem to run a little slower here than other courses. This year they presented a nice running tech shirt rather than the cotton ones in the past.The shuttle service is great - but the past two years I have preferred to take the light rail. It is about a 1 mile walk from the light rail to the start, but it is a nice warm up. This years 50K was cool and I find the expo is always nice. Big names with Dean Karnazes, Ryan Hall and Deena Kastor. My company now has jumped in and started sponsoring us, so I will continue to sign up. A good way to start off the year!
5	Sorry for the late review - been doing other races and just now am collecting my thoughts.  Good: flat course, on-time start, HUGE on-course support, fun fans along the course including those offering beer.  Great transportation options to the start line.  Lots and lots of food options at the finish line plus a few hundred places to buy a cheeseburger 200 hundred yards after the tape.  Sorry that the taco guys aren't there anymore but what the hell?  One of the best R "N" R races.
4	First off if you are a female who runs under 8:20ish pace please avoid this review...for you nice walk runners and males of all kinds feel free to proceed. First off I will admit my review may not be as objective as it should be:I didn't bring home hardwareI didn't PRI did get the worst in race injury of my life and looked ridiculous in MGD64 gear.Like: flat, music, and non-repetitiveDislike: high cost, lots of competition (I want to feel like hot stuff and be in front!), not much free stuff at the end, INSANE traffic, and forced to go to the race expo, all non-studying/running time must be spent Yelping!I am tentatively suggesting the IMS Marathon instead although this will be my first time competiting this February! (and i looks like I might get first overall female so fast ladies avoid it!)
4	Is this not called the PF Chang Rock N Roll Marathon? Where is the Rock N Roll? I was very disappointed in the lack of musical acts/bands on the run. I had heard so many good things about this marathon, yet was very disappointed in the overall theme of the event. The start and the corrals was a good time. There was a lot of prerace bonding while waiting to depart. It was a good time with the finish being the final destination. There they had lots of wonderful volunteers, lots of bananas, oranges, refreshments, fuel, and of course the medal. The fans and onlookers were Awesome! There was a Barber Shop that was cranking out some REO Speedwagon...thanks guys! You had a great set up. Special shout out to the DJ at the SRP parking lot, they Dude with the white Toyota...Great Job! You were the talk of those around me. Let's get some more Rock N Roll at each mile! Oh the Cheer Leaders were Awesome as well...Moon Valley Rockets & Corona Del Sol Aztecs...You Rock!
4	This was my first half marathon.  I enjoyed the music the buzz of tens of thousands of people all about to do a crazy long run.  It was amazing seeing the sunrise over the city.  I found the parking, shuttles at Tempe and food-court to be very easy to use.  It seemed well planned for such a large event, just not enough bathrooms for the amount of people.The PA for the full marathon kept going in and out so it introduced the 2 star athletes but you couldn't hear their reason for being there or accomplishments. Bathrooms on the course were way too few and huge lines.  I felt bad for those who needed them.  I saw less than 10 at the first 2 stops for 12000 people.  If you gotta go #2 on the course, too bad,...  Take Imodium on race day I guess.Bands and support were fantastic, but this was my 1st time so can't compare.... GU gel is always on me, great to see them out there. The course is NOT flat having a 'heartbreak hill' in it at mile aprox. 9.  UPS gear check bag split apart at a feather's touch the day before the race.  Good thing, i was going to use it.  The top of the seam isn't sealed so any slight pressure/tear will open the entire side. HaABOUT THE AUTHOR-INTERESTING BACKGROUNDMy first endeavor was a rolerblade marathon in tucson in 2004.  I guess it's out of style now so no more skates.  Used to do the New TImes 10k in phoenix every year too.  GONE, sad.Last year I did the Tour de Phoenix 72 mile bike race on a 33lb. full suspension (no lockouts) mountain bike with slime in both tires and all my supplies on my bike and camelback... thought i was tough, 'till I tried running!  Injuries were now a new thing now and it is much tougher per hour than biking, but about the same calorie burn... Still love both. I did a sprint triathlon recently too.We all know running is 'hard' you don't get extra calorie burn from impact stress but something about running and especially in this event captured my interest.  On the way to the zoo last year i saw the half marathon pass by and said "I think i could do that NOW" boy was i wrong... it took me almost a year to train for this event, but what a worthwhile challenge.  I did this as a run walk 3 min run 1 min walk.  I learned from the Galloway training method that this method is not only easier but faster than trying to run straight through.  .I am capable of the constant run for this time but it winds up being slower than when i take walk breaks. I tested this with a 10k distance. I was 7 minutes faster with a run walk than running straight through.  look it up, may change your life too.  I took 50 1 minute walk breaks and i did my time goal of aprox. 2:30 with 1 bathroom break.
4	The P.F. Chang Rock n Roll series of races are always well organized and efficient and well attended. The rock bands and cheer squads along the course also make it a lot of fun. In Phoenix specifically, the course is nice and flat which is perfect for novices or anyone striving for a new PR. Their winter weather is wonderful; cold before the sun rises and then slowly warms up. The view along the run is boring and sometimes a bit shady. But it ends near ASU in a fun part of town. The Finish area itself was small and cramped, but the t-shirts and medals were fab.  This is my second RnR race and another positive experience. I wIll do another RnR.
4	Again, wishing you could do a half-star, because I would give a 3 1/2. This was my first half-marathon ever, so I was crazy-excited and just wanted to get running so I might not have the most objective view. The course is really good, and has plenty of water stations. I did find myself thinking they needed more bands towards the end of the run rather than so many at the beginning. By 8 miles you could use the pick me up! Of course, I might have just been running slower at that point.... They ran out of toilet paper in the port-o-potties BEFORE the race- how awful is that? Also didn't really like being forced to attend an expo just to pick up the racing packet. However, there were one or two booths of interest. You would also think for what we pay to run that there would be a few more freebees included. How about $10 or $15 off at any booth in the expo? I know, genius right?Oh, and get a ride to the start line or take the light rail and walk the mile. Then use the light rail in Tempe- you don't want to try driving around either of those areas. It is NUTS.Overall it was a pretty good event, I will do this again. Perhaps even a full marathon!
4	Off all the half marathons I've run in the rock 'n roll series, this is my favorite. It's the fastest course, has the best staff and I didn't have to run almost two miles to the start (looking at you, Seattle).I'm fairly sure this is the largest half marathon in the country and just about everyone shows up, which includes the overweight people (okay, women) who seem to think they can power-walk 13.1 miles in under two hours. Ladies, get the hell out of the way. All you're doing is pissing off the people in the front corrals.Personal fitness level and time aside, I enjoy this one. I'm careful to check out what streets are closed when I go down and always end up parking about a mile from the starting line somewhere between Roosevelt and Fillmore for the most hassle-free spot. If you ride the light rail back from the finish line in Tempe, it's worth it to walk to the University/Rural Road stop instead of waiting with the masses at the transit center. Actually nevermind I said that.
3	This was my second time doing the half and was not that impressed this year. I paid almost $100 for a registration fee, which is fine, but the swag bag only had a few samples and mostly flyers, and the bands seemed to be recycled from years' past. I was also surprised there weren't more bands. What made it great for me were the locals that came out with their signs, well wishes, cheers, and in one case, beer for the runners! I don't remember this the first time I did the half, three years ago, but I liked the one free beer for finishers. I also thought the shirt was a huge step up from the typical T-shirt. My husband had a very difficult time getting a spot along the finish and commented that it could have been easier for spectators. Overall, I enjoyed myself but the race they put on was just okay.
5	YAY!  I loved this race :)  I run a lot of the local races in the San Diego area and this was my first "big" race.  It's possible that I'm just googly eyed over the sheer size of this thing.  This was my first race with a full on, legitimate expo.  The expo was awesome and it totally pumped me up for the race the following day.  The race itself was pretty darn cool.  There could have been a few more porta johns, both at the starting line and throughout the course.  The gear check in/pick up was convenient and very well organized.  They had SO many volunteers, it was great.  You could toss your warming layers at any point and there was a volunteer standing there to put it in a donation box.  The water stations were frequent and well staffed.  (Side note: there was a cytomax station before each water stationed - cytomax is HEINOUS - wish it would have been a different brand).  There was also 1 gu station (for the 1/2 - not sure about the full) during the course.  The bands were kind of cool, and since thats a huge part of the race, I feel like there should have been a few more bands - but the lack of bands didn't bother me.  I'm one of those weirdos who likes to run sans music.  Loved the medals, loved the photos, loved the race.  I'll be running this one again.
5	The half marathon was much improved by the new routing. No more shuttle to the state capitol, and instead did a more or less circular route starting on Mill Ave, with the Finish Line Festival at Packard Stadium.  I really disliked the former route, in particular, the long, boring, and decidedly un-scenic route along McDowell. The new route around through Tempe and South Scottsdale, and more time spent in Papago Park made it much more enjoyable. Support for the race is quite good, with frequent water/electrolyte stops. I guess there are bands along the way too, but I had the jams on my iPod cranked up to ear bleeding levels so it all just looked like a bunch of air guitar to me. The number of competitors is large, but it never seemed to be a hinderance after the first half mile. The course is relatively fast and flat, with some minor hillage at Papago, and it seems like it's possible to set a PR on this course (I missed mine by a mere 10 seconds).It was my third time out, and it was worlds better than the first two. Let's just hope that it keeps getting better.
4	I have completed this event five times now and it is one that I continue to support because it is local. In the past the event started at the state capital and finished at Sun Devil stadium. This year the course was changed. Full marathon runners started downtown while the half marathon runners started on Mill Avenue. The finish was the same location.I still do not like the finish line because that home stretch is a long and winding road that never seems to end, and the headliner concerts still are weak. This year was the B-52's. Someone who has been relevant in the past decade would be nice.I did like the new course for the half marathon, although I did feel it was a little hillier in miles 7-10 than in the past. After the hill around Papago it is mostly downhill from there to the finish. This year they had a booth where runners who also ran in Vegas could pick up their double down medal there instead of waiting 6-8 weeks to get it in the mail. That was good. The frozen yogurt was a nice touch (thanks, Mojo!) The volunteers were great as always and the event overall is a good time. Plus this year I beat my personal best time not only for the PF Chang but for a half marathon. Wooo!
4	Compared to the LV RnR - I absolutely loved this run. There were less people, good course, good aid, the people were EXTREMELY friendly and the ability to pick up my Double Down was *AWESOME*. Unfortunately I did not make the Expo...I literally ran in 5 mins before the Expo closed but still managed to get my loot (WOOT) and the organized transportation from the sponsored hotels were most awesome! I would run it again, except I personally am not a fan of the dry weather...but I could be tempted. Killer experience and highly recommend the course at least once and every year for the locals! Keep on Rockin'!
5	It feels as though I've been running for ages but I just took up running again at the end of 2010. I finally participated in various running events throughout 2011. I live a block from the PF Chang's RnR Full Marathon route. For so many years, I would walk a block with my morning robe & chanclas with coffee in hand and cheer on the runners. I've always wanted to be a part of this event so I'm thrilled I did just that. I ran the half mary. I took the light rail from Camelback and Central down to Tempe - piece of cake. Cake? Yum. Part of the reason I ran this race was because of the new course - I really liked. Finish Line was filled with excitement. Congrats to all those that helped put this event together. Volunteers and fans/suppoerters were awesome. This race is now in my Bucket List. The 2013 race will be the day after the Temecula Valley Half Marathon so I'll have to miss this race next year. Where there is wine...there goes Xavier! Cheers***
5	This was my first half marathon, as well as the farthest distance I ran prior to the date (01-15-12). What a postive first experience for me. I absolutely loved the course. How neat to run through three cities. The view in general, and the change of scenery from desert to city to town lake was very interesting! I felt like security did a great job, there were plenty of aid stations with so many wonderful volunteers, and an amazing number of cheer leaders. After just this one event, I was so inspired that I decided I wanted to reach for the goal of earning the Super Six medal, for 6 rock n roll events in a calendar year.  I will definitely run in this series for years to come!
5	My 50 States marathon journey continues with a quick trip to Phoenix, Arizona to participate at the 2011 Rock & Roll Arizona marathon. It was held on the Sunday of Martin Luther King Jr holiday weekend, so it was awesome to have scheduled this one without having to schedule time off. It is worthy of note that the week before I was in Orlando Florida and ran the Walt Disney World marathon. So worth the jet lag, especially when I flew back to Honolulu from Orlando the morning after the race. Then flew out the Friday after from Honolulu to Salt Lake City, then finally to Pheonix.The Rock and Roll Arizona marathon expo was held in a convention hall in downtown Pheonix. It was great to have met up with my fellow marathoner friends at the PHX airport and we made the entire weekend of it. Packet pick up was basically how it is with the other Rock and Roll marathon events. It's large and somewhat extravagent. The management for this event, when I ran it last year was good and the aid stations were adequate. I especially loved the fact that a lot of people (spectators) came out to see the runners fly on by.The marathon course took us from downtown Phoenix to downtown Tempe. It was a point to point course, which at least half of it weaved in and around Phoenix before moving towards Tempe and finishing near the Sun Devil Stadium.  It was a good marathon and met up with a few friends along the way, as always. The neat thing about this one was that there was this lady at mile 23 who was handing out New Orleans' Mardi-Gras beads. I picked up a gold one and gradually made my way to the finish line. I really enjoyed my time in Phoenix and thought the race day weather was good. It was in the 50's, but peaked at the mid 70's during mid day. I was dying when the sun started to rear its head out and I started to slow down. Heat never worked for me, but I hear some people thrive on that sort of thing. I don't know about that, but it just amazes me how people can push themselves in the heat - me included. With that said, I thought that everything was nearly perfect for this race.The ambiance of race day was as epic as I remember it. Even when I am 1 year removed from this race, I can look back fondly and know that I did ran the marathon that year and it was memorable. The finisher's medal is just ok. It's heavier than most of the medals I have received previously. Probably that's why we pay a hefty premium for all of these Rock and Roll marathon events - both full and the half marathon. I know that the Competitor Group is a for profit entity that puts on these gargantuan race events and they stand well to profit from them and expect this marathon craze to grow with every event year after year. After all, it makes me return to the marathon every year, regardless of city and venue.  I'm not going to say that the medal design is ugly, but it's alright for what was there.Finish line amenities were sparse yet again, at the back of the pack, but I'm glad to be able to finish upright and eager to challenge myself with the next one already signed up months in advanced. This marathon event is a popular one in the month of January, since most of the country is still in the deep freeze and Phoenix, like Hawaii, is relatively warm. Recommended if you are looking to jump start your fitness regiment in the beginning of the year to kick start a great year of running and racing.B+#Yelp Marathons
3	I ran this in 2012 and it was my first half marathon. Since then I have ran two more. Considering the crowd that turns out to this event they do a good job on the organizational end. My biggest complaint is that it didn't start on time. With the amount of people running it is important to start on a timely manner. I also feel is is extremely overpriced compared to other races and even other RnRs in the country. I don't feel that $100+ for a half marathon is reasonable. I hope they will work on making this one more affordable because I would like to continue doing it each year.
4	Not only am I looking forward to my DESERT DOUBLE DOWN medal in 2013 :) but I get to see my dear friend in Arizona over MLK weekend and experience this race for the first time, I can't wait! Only running the half this go around since I plan on racing a bunch this coming year, and need to pick and choose wisely how often I will complete full's - looking forward to having an amazing time!I'll update my review in a few weeks after Race Day.
4	The half marathon in 2012 was my first ever, and I enjoyed it so much I returned in 2013.  While the course is not the most scenic (basically running through Tempe and Scottsdale), the enthusiasm from the bands, DJs and volunteers make the route fun.  Along the mostly flat route, there are plenty of aid stations where you can get water, Gatorade and a bit of cheerful encouragement as well - thank you volunteers!  My favorite part of the race is the P.F. Chang's section around mile 10-11 which includes taiko drum players and funny/motivational signs posted along the road and held by volunteers including "3.1 miles to go -  you got this!" and "Chuck Norris never ran a half marathon".  My personal favorite was "run complete stranger, RUN!"A huge improvement this year was repositioning the starting line - a year ago the start times were significantly delayed due to trains!  The on-time start this year was greatly appreciated.  Overall, the event is well-organized - from the check-in at the Expo to crossing the finish line. Looking forward to doing it again next year!
5	Whew! I had to do a bit of research before posting my update on the AZ Rock N Roll Half Marathon, because I surely needed to know to whom I owe a HUGE thanks and leave it to me to find him. Steve Slattery! Thank you!!!! Thank goodness, I remember Steve saying his wife won the race last year - which made it easy to find his name so I could give some credit where credit is due. How can I not give this race 5 Stars - don't I always love a race that I am able to set a new PR in??? :) Of course, I do!This was my first half of 2013 and first time running the RnR AZ. I surely wouldn't shy away from running it again.Bib pick up from the expo was easy breezy (as it has been for every other RnR event I've done) - parking around the convention center was ok.We utilized the Park and Ride and Light Rail Metro the day of the race since my friend was driving me in from the East Valley. This was a simple, smooth and great option for locals. I'd highly suggest going this route.Very organized race, my only complaint would be the amount of restrooms at the start line - the lines were insane!!!!  and I had to dip into a business and wait in a slightly less insane, but still very long line to try and make it to my corral in time for the start. I know it sounds silly, but restrooms should really be set up near each corral or somehow by corral start time. I can't stand waiting to use the restroom behind a long line of people who are starting in corrals 15, 20+ who are going to start the race LONG after other runners in the first corrals. I opted to seek out the 2:00 pacer and start back a corral with 6. His name escapes me but he was awesome! I've found that pacers are really an excellent way to go, if you are running for time. I let him know early on that my goal for this race was to beat my LA time and I was looking for 1:57. Steve was running with this group and around mile 7.5 they made sure I knew that if I'd like that time it would be time to ramp it up. Breaking free from a pacer always scares me a bit, I was worried I wouldn't be able to maintain the pace I needed and wouldn't hold myself to it, if on my own. Steve was very kind and offered to help get me to the pace that would bring me in where I wanted to be. I was so surprised and elated  by such a kind offer. We broke free from the group, ramped it up for a couple miles and when Steve saw that I was on the right track- he gave me some last minute tips and encouragement and set me free. I really appreciated this, as I feel it was really the gesture that gave me my PR.I ended up coming in 2 minutes sooner than I had hoped for :) I do wish I understood the Desert Double medal better - I thought after running Vegas in 2013 I'd earn it but apparently it needs to be back to back - so my 2011 for sure won't count and nor will me running Vegas in 2013 so it looks like I'll definitely be back in AZ for 2014 so I can have this medal in hand ;)The temps in AZ for this race seem to have been a bit above average for this time of year which made for a comfortable run.Course entertainment was ok - the group playing Beyonce's "Single Ladies" was a great boost/power song :)Restrooms and water stations were plentiful - although I always run through the middle of these since I wear a hydration pack.Ah! and last but not least - I love the Brooks long sleeve tech T. It's the first long sleeve I've received from a Rock n Roll event and I am very happy with it.Time to beat 1:55:49 - let's go!!! :)
5	Back in 2008, good friend and Singer/Songwriter, Laura Marie along with her husband came to Phoenix to run this event's full marathon. I remember cheering them on from the same spot as I have for all the years except for last year when I decided to run the half marathon.Laura Marie and her husband stayed with us and it was exciting to see how runners prepare for a race. Their enthusiasm and commitment was the spark that I needed to consider taking up running and finally losing weight.This year, I was proud to stand and cheer on good friends, friends/mentors from running groups and brave souls running the full marathon. Every year it's just as exciting! After the runners passed, I walked block away back to my house and got ready to take the light rail down to Tempe.Watching people cross the Finish Line is the best part!!! It's such a joy to see those that completed their first race and/or set a PR. I was set to run the Temecula Valley Half Marathon the day before this race but was canceled. All and all, I'm somewhat happy that it happened this way. If I hadn't, I would have missed out on great personal moments as friends crossed the Finish Line. Taking Light Rail to and from Tempe was easy. Congestion filled with Runners & their medals on Mill Ave was awesome! As with any race, I still get the jitters before a race and always thankful and blessed to cross the Finish Line. This past weekend, I felt those same jitters for all the runners that ran. I've completed so many half marathons these past two years that maybe it's time to actually run this full marathon. The thought of passing my usual spot without me standing there would be such a great moment! Thanks again PF Chang & RnR Series. Volunteers were awesome as always. Congrats to all those the Runners! Cheers***
5	This was my first full marathon and the most humbling experience to-date. I now know that until you complete 26.2 miles you have no idea what you are in for. The course itself is mostly as advertised, beautiful course of city streets starting at CityScape and moving through Phoenix, Scottsdale, and Tempe; finishing in a crescendo across a nice bridge right in front of ASU's Sun Devil Stadium. The unadvertised was just how constant the gradual, low-grade hills are. I mean they went on forever! At one point you turn around and are going the opposite direction of those behind you and it appears that they are going downhill some but you don't remember that. Anyway, the aid stations and live bands were placed well as has become Competitor's standard for these Rock 'n' Roll Series races. Just a note, this was my first full so I arrived at the finish line sometime later than I normally do, missing the headliner concert. The medical stations at the finish line were great too, they iced my knees up (both of them) immediately after getting done. Overall: Good organization and lots of fun had.
5	This is my fifth Phoenix RNR...one marathon and four halfs.  I've run Philly, Phoenix, Nashville, down in Florida and some other halfs in Atlanta.  Phoenix is the best of the best. Keep up the great work...I'll be back for number six next year.
4	Another awesome Rock 'n' Roll race, this time hosted by P.F Chang's.  I had a lot of fun this past weekend with the half marathon.  The event was well organized, highly energized, and I'm so glad I participated.Pack pick-up was held at the Phoenix Convention Center.  We stopped by Saturday morning, and it was pretty crowded, compared to the one in LA and Las Vegas.  There were plenty of vendors including Jamba Juice, O.N.E coconut water, 5-hr Energy, Geico, and P.F. Chang of course.  I love the fact that P.F. Chang's was handing out $10 gift cards to everyone who downloaded their app.  There were also a lot of vendors from different races recruiting participants.  I love getting free stuff, so you can imagine I had a great time at the pick-up.The first half marathon corral started at 7:50 am.  I think it would've been better if they started this at 7:30. I was cold for the first four miles of the race. It got warm quickly after that, and I was wishing I hadn't worn long sleeves.  I thought the course was nice and flat for the most part.  It pretty boring in the beginning until about mile 8 or so.  The mountains in the back were such a beautiful backdrop, especially for a SoCal girl like me.  The finish line was located around ASU, and I didn't like that our path became really narrow towards the end.  That made it difficult to sprint without running into someone.  I love the after-race refreshment as always. It was awesome that there were no lines for pictures.  The only thing that was annoying is the lack of reception in that area (AT&T coverage).  It look me forever to get ahold of my bf, who was waiting to pick me up.  I really enjoyed this race, highly recommended for those in Cali that want a change of scenery!
5	My 11 year old son took part in 'Kids fun run'. Everything was organized very well. He loved the experience and is all hooked up for his next runs. He loved the medal too.
3	I ran RnR Arizona in 2010 as my first marathon and have since run 3 more (Chicago twice and NYC).  I've also done other RnR events and I'm kinda of in the meh stages with them.  The course in 2010 was a point to point course, starting in Phoenix, ending in Tempe and it sounds like it's still the same.  It's a flat course, which is something I liked, but there's not a whole lot out there to see on the course which is disappointing.  There were stretches where there was just no one out there or that was on open highway.  There was a good amount of fluid and hydration stations on course which is appreciated.Cons: Competitor overprices their races and it's gotten worse since 2010 and I've had issues with getting friends bibs while at the expo or not being able to which is beyond crazy.
5	This was my first marathon! It was very well organized and well run.  I trained hard for this race but I should have trained harder.  The course was nice and flat, the weather was perfect, and the bands made the pain in my knees a little more tolerable.
3	My husband & I ran the P.F. Chang's Arizona Rock & Roll Half Marathon on Sunday. This was our first half & we were very excited to participate. I signed us up in late November & paid $99 each (special holiday rate or something). Pretty decent price considering the late enrollment. I also paid $49 per person extra for the "Warm Zone" but that really wasn't worth it. It was set up at the Handlebar in Tempe, which was a local restaurant that allowed folks to hang out inside where it was slightly warmer than the 50 degrees outside. There was no food except for the sliced cantaloupe & honeydew they were offering at the door. I was hoping for bagels & bananas & was severely disappointed. Basically I was paying for the right to use a restaurant bathroom instead of a porta-potty. Not worth it. Won't do it again.The parking garage we got to use was much closer to the finish line, which was nice, but the gear check was at the start line. So you would have to go all the way back to the start line to get your gear? That doesn't make a lot of sense. So we didn't check anything. Maybe they move your gear from the start line to the finish line? Who knows. Wasn't going to chance it. Again, not worth it.The bands & song selections were awful. They were playing blues & jazz & classic rock. I get that it's a Rock & Roll Marathon, but it's just not good running music. The worst offenders were "Uninvited" by Alanis Morissette & "Against the Wind" by Bob Seger. Really? Terrible running songs! I couldn't tell you what else they played because I tried to block it out. Play techno, house, or club music. We need something peppy & upbeat & fast for running! The music they played at the "Zappos.com Half of the Half" in Vegas in November was so much better. Much more positive energy & a better vibe for running.For the most part, the course was nice. Nothing super impressive, just running through Phoenix, Tempe & Scottsdale, but I'm sure it's nicer than the hills of San Francisco or the humidity of VA Beach. There was just one part where the course took us down a back alley behind some apartment complex & we had to run past the dumpsters & trash. That was weird & kind of gross. Not a big deal, but worth mentioning. Maybe next time, make the course go around the front of the building.Biggest suggestion: Put up 20 porta-potties every mile. Seriously. 20. The lines were so long. We wasted 12 minutes of our running time waiting in line to go pee. It made a difference in our finish time. I would pay extra to ensure that my wait time to pee was less than two minutes. My biggest complaint is that the water & Gu stations were not where they said they'd be. From the course map, we had memorized the mile markers where they were supposed to be & were quite discouraged when we realized they weren't there. The first water station was supposed to be at 1.6 miles but it didn't materialize until well after the 2-mile mark. There was supposed to be Gu at 7.7 miles but that didn't show up until after 9 miles. That may not be a big deal for seasoned runners, but we newbies need our hydration stations! We were counting on fuel at certain mile markers & it just wasn't there. The last two miles I had a cramp in my foot that wouldn't go away. Every step was painful. I had run out of potassium or something. I needed Gatorade and/or Gu badly. If I had known, I would've brought water with me & put some Gu packs in my pocket. The last 2-3 miles are critical (apparently) & it's important to have one last station to push through to the end.For the most part, this was a great first timer half marathon experience. The expo was awesome, the finisher shirt is cool, the race-day weather was great, & the finisher medal is beautiful. It may sound like a lot of complaints, but these are small things that can easily be remedied in the future. I will definitely run it again next year, with great excitement & anticipation, but I will hold you guys accountable for having water & Gu where you say it's going to be. If not, you'll be hearing from me again.
3	This was 4th Rock'n'Roll race and I'm beginning to figure out that they are pretty much the Starbucks of races - available everywhere and just OK. You know exactly what you are getting when you sign up for a Rock'n'Roll race: big expo with the same format and vendors at all of them, a near guarantee that you won't be the last runner because there are PLENTY of walkers who have that duty, and lots of first time race participants who have no idea what their actual finish time will be so they've seeded themselves way too far up and now you get to weave around them. I'm not the sort of person who wants to wander the expo for hours, especially if I've traveled from out of town because I'd much rather explore the outside world. We showed up at the expo about 20 minutes before they shut down and we still had to pay $12 to park, but at least packet pick up went quickly because it was so late in the day. I really wish they would offer an option to save a little bit of money to opt out of the t-shirt, bag full of coupons and even the medal at the finish (even if it was $5 it'd be worth it to me) because I literally throw all of these things away the day after the race (fine, so I donate the shirt and medal and throw away the bag and coupons - either way, I don't want ANY of this stuff) and I've seen that other races offer this choice.Race morning was easy for us because we'd chosen to stay in a hotel about 2 blocks from the start so we woke up, got dressed and walked over. The race itself was fine - exactly what you expect from any big race. There were groups of slow people in corrals they shouldn't have been in, the course was too narrow for the number of participants are points,  the water stops were well staffed and the bands along the course were adequately cheesey. Other than the final 3 miles of the half that takes you through a lovely scenic area, that also happens to be downhill, the course was on big streets and through business areas. For those 10 miles it could literally be interchanged with 2 of the other rock'n'rolls I've done (San Jose & Portland) and you would never know the difference. There was nothing bad about this race, it was just uninteresting in every way possible. If it were my local/hometown race I would consider doing it again (and register stupid early to save some money), but now that I've done it once I definitely  wouldn't come all the way back to Phoenix to do it again.
5	I have a gluten allergy and their staff is so knowledgeable and attentive to my diet.  Love this place.  the spicy chicken is to die for.  highly recommend
