1	Terrible Experience! My husband and I bought a Groupon for 4D Ultrasound for this office. They usually run about 100.00, so we were excited to have gotten such a deal at 35.00. We were called in from the lobby almost an hour late, which I understand some times offices can get behind. The US tech rushed us through our appointment. She had no bedside manner and was very brash in her tone. She was jabbing the US probe into my belly very hard and did not once attempt to find another angle. She spoke negatively the entire time and blamed the babies behavior for her not being able to get a decent picture. As I was about to complain how she was so rough with the US probe, the appointment was over. It lasted about 7 minutes. We left with a CD, Two printed pictures, and a sheet of photos printed from the US machine. We got one decent picture. The rest are very blurry. My husband and I were very disappointed and frustrated. What should have been a nice time for our family was instead a joke. I went to the front desk and asked to speak to a manager and the lady said she would call someone, but no one came. My husband was so angry that he just wanted to leave. On our way out, we noticed another disappointed couple outside. These were the people had that gone in ahead of us. This was a really bad experience that I will be sure to share with as many people as people.
1	I am very disappointed I went for my ultrasound the screen was too small the video and picture quality was terrible the room was small. I am saying this because I went somewhere else and it uncompareable. At this other place the screen was huge the pictures were so clear and the room was huge with like 15 chairs, I  thought the Henderson wellness was better but ooh!! Surprise!! You can even hear your baby's heartbeat, don't do your ultrasound here there's a lot better places don't waste your time and money!
2	My wife was using this place for her OB/GYN over the last couple of years and Dr Plotnitskiy and Toledo have been wonderful.  They delivered our baby and her sister's baby.  Unfortunately what prompted me to write this review is their office staff.  To say they are grossly incompetent is an understatement.  They can't bill right, they can't schedule right and are pretty much clueless and not helpful.My wife tried to get the e-sure IUD and had it all scheduled and last minute they tell us we have to pay up front for it at $1200.  This is something that is covered by her insurance but they tell us that insurance what us to pay up front and then reimburse afterwards what was covered - an amount the office wouldn't tell us.  Ya, that wasn't going to fly.  Called insurance and they told us do not pay upfront, they don't want to do reimbursements and that they wouldn't have told the office that and confirmed it was covered so basically the office lied to us.  Confronted the office with this and they had to get back to us and that their office mgr was out.  My wife had to cancel her appt since they couldn't figure it out before her procedure.  She won't be going back.Dr P or Toledo, if you see this review in a timely manner - FIRE YOUR OFFICE/BILLING STAFF!  They are killing your business reputation.
