4	I must be in the holiday spirit, as all of today's reviews are addressing the retail side of my life. If you're looking for a gift idea for a woman who likes special and unique items (clothing, books, lotions, lingerie, housewares) than stop by Anthropologie. They have two Scottsdale locations - one next to the Grand Luxe Cafe at Scottsdale Fashion Square and another beautiful location at the Kierland Commons.
4	I like to go shop the sales rack in here simply because I'm in love with their totally random and eclectic displays. A tree in the middle of the store covered in yarn and an insane amount of bottles hanging from it? What? And then the yarn braids together and snakes through the store only to climb a wall and do something else entirely in another section? Excellent. They have their whole identity (bohemian modern chic) and demographic (30-something 'worldly' white woman) nailed down hardcore. They do the "corporate lifestyle retail experience" thing very, very, VERY well.
4	I wish I could quit you, Anthropologie! I keep trying to break up with you, but somehow you keep drawing me back in with your witchy, witchy ways. The allure of your sale rack, your sparkly unique jewelry, your funky retro shoes, your tempting kitchen wares. You prey on my weakness and leave me a bumbling idiot when I walk out. As much as I care for you, I feel like your clothes are terribly overpriced and I wonder who can afford to keep you in the lifestyle to which you've become accustomed. Someday, maybe we can have a healthy relationship when our circumstances are better matched. Tip: I have it from a reliable source that Wednesdays are the best days to check for new sale inventory. So if you wait until the weekend, it's gonna be picked over. Just saying.
3	12/15/09I love rummaging around Anthropologie!  While the clothing here is much too expensive for me to contemplate spending my hard-earned money on (besides that, I've yet to find anything that fits me well- please bring in petite sizing!), I do love looking around and gathering ideas on how to mix up the clothes and accessories I currently have to look more contemporary.  I especially like the sections dedicated to toiletries, linens, and dinnerware!  I've always adored French-milled soaps; in particular, lavishly-wrapped French-milled soaps.  So when I spied a few gorgeous and wonderfully-scented PORTUGUESE Castelbel soaps here ($8 and up each), I couldn't wait to hop onto a computer to check out the website for more info, such as how these products are made and which ingredients are used.  Had I not found them at more wallet-friendly prices at a Cost Plus Worldmarket (on sale for $4.99 each, plus a 10% coupon!), I might have been compelled to buy them here!  (Granted, the scents I found at Anthropologie were more exotic than the ones at Cost Plus, but I'm satisfied w/ such scents as Ginger Pear, Lemongrass & Sugarcane (so d'lish!), After Dinner Mint, and Amber & Vanilla- I bought 18 bars!)  I did buy some soaps (initialed soaps packaged in re-usable jewelry boxes) that were on sale.  As I mentioned, I also like some of the linens, but I can't fathom spending $18 on a face towel... I've spotted quite a few dishes I like here, as well, and  I just wish that most of them weren't made in China... I'll gladly pay for authentic French dinnerware!
4	Why oh why is it I always leave empty handed?  Probably because I can't justify the cost of the items.. Thanks for the tip on wednesday sales items..  that will at least give me a chance.  I've tried on lots of clothes and I loved what I seen.. but I can't spend 130dollars on a top.. just can't do it.  I want to, but I can't :(  they have the most beautiful kitchen ware around.  I'll probably drop some dough when I am ready to, just so I can have that unique quality that I love about anthropology in my very own kitchen..  And you know what, I'm going to spend the 50 dollars on a very chic apron too.  I actually don't feel so bad about that cost.. it's usefull if you work with flour.. and I do..  I also want to redo every door handle and knob in my house in due time.. just need about a grand, and approval from the boy to put that kind of funky stuff everywhere in my house.Really though, I love checking this store out, and I would easily have more than just he one silk dress that I own, if only I could afford it.  Boo.  Owell, until another day :)
5	This anthro is the bomb.  It's a bigger store and has THE BEST sale rack.  Seriously.  I think only the San Francisco store has a bigger sale area, but they don't have a lot of sizes or some of the newer sale items.  I loved coming here when I was in AZ visiting my cousins and finding all the goodies on sale (and not).  I just feel bad for my wallet when I walk in.  (The credit card companies are super happy though. :(  )I also just recently had some items shipped from this store.  I had wanted some things online that weren't in stock anymore and I called the customer service #.  They told me Scottsdale had one or two of the items I was looking for, so I got everything I wanted online here!  Free shipping since the online store didn't have anything.  The sales girl helping me was so sweet in finding all 4 sale items in my size and was great about calling me back to tell me my total before they processed my order.  Just got everything today...yippee!
5	This review is two-fold.  Part one - about the store:This is my all-time favorite store to window-shop in.  I can only dream of the day when I win the lottery and can afford to purchase all the beautiful clothing, accessories, and home decor.  To be fair, not everything is highly priced, and they have a large selection of sales items that are within my budget...but I swear, if I won the lottery, it would be my first stop (2nd stop, Z Gallery).  It's always beautifully decorated and has a lovely cozy/eclectic feel to it that I absolutely adore.  They also carry my favorite perfume there.  As a general rule, I never buy myself perfume, because I always get some for Christmas (this is on the xmas list this year!), but the sales associates always look the other way when I come in just to spray it on myself before going out for the night...tacky, I know...but it smells sooooooo delicious.Part two - My apologies to the sales associates that delt with my crabby, frustrated, snotty attitude the night you couldn't find the item I had put on hold.  Apparently, a friend had come in to purchase the item as a gift to me.  After searching forever, one sales clerk 'in the know', finally came over and explained that the item had been purchased as a gift, and warned me to act surprised.  I sheepishly left, but still feel that an apology is due.  The sales clerks handled my attitude graciously and courteously, and I wanted to recognize that as a HUGE reason why I will continue to frequent this amazing store (sorry again!!). :)
5	I could do some major damage to my wallet if my retail will power had the day off and I was let lose in Anthropologie. This shop is my happy place. If I ever want to window shop and browse some cute items, I visit Anthropologie. If I am ever looking for a cute dress to wear to a classy day event, I know I can count of Anthropologie. And if I ever need to find a little gift, I know I can count on this store. The only problem with Anthropologie is that it's not cheap. Everything is pricey and the only times it becomes more reasonably priced is when there's a major sale (normally around Christmas) and when the clothing goes on sale. However, if I'm looking for quality I know I can come here. Anthropologie has some of the cutest displays I've ever seen. It smells delicious inside and I wish I could be as creative with my own house as they are with their stores!
4	08/12/11Found a few beautiful blouses and a wonderful floral embroidered skirt from the sale racks here last week.  However, after wearing one of the blouses for a few hours (two, at the most) one day, I noticed terrible pilling (almost lint-y, as if someone emptied the dryer's lint guard and brushed it against the blouse, where the blouse then acquired a layer of lint on it).  I figured if this happened to one of the two blouses of the same fabric, then the other would eventually have the same fate, so I decided I'd return them all- even the adorable skirt, with its delicate embroidery that already made me paranoid of snagging a thread if I brushed against something, and I hadn't even tried to wear it!  The sales clerk behind the counter didn't even bat an eye and accepted all of the unused items PLUS the one I'd already worn!  What a great return policy-- I didn't expect it since I'd already worn the outfit (I was hoping!), so it really was a nice surprise.While my luck wasn't so great the last time I bought clothing here, I'd still return and try my luck again, as the items I find are usually different than what I spot at other clothing stores.
5	in love with this store so so much! super big, dressing rooms are huge which makes it even better! Customer service is amazing employees always smiling, asking if you need something else in the dressing room, and always asking how you are! very clean well organized store which makes it easy to find what you need!
3	Interesting place to shop at.  They sell a lot of things, but mostly female clothing and accessories.  Not a place for me, but I was just there returning something I received from the holidays.
5	How to describe anthro? Casual boho chic clothing at a _not_ so affordable price. The very best candles you can find for your home (say goodbye to cheap scents or wax induced headaches).  Sophisticated, feminine and casual home decor inspiration.  Coffee table books, server dishes, bedding, lampshades galore!This place is not cheap, but I love everything in it!  Only shop sales, unless you have money to spare. Even then, you may find it hard to drop $60 on a cotton shirt... Also, beware the scarves, belts, hats and purses.  I have tons of them and have yet to wear half.  It is the ultimate guilty pleasure for the modern faux-hippie chick.As for this location:  I like the Fashion Square Anthro because it has an outside entrance separate from the main mall.  Also, it seems to carry more candles and house items than other locations in the Valley.  However, if I want clothing I will visit other stores.  The sales rack here is way too popular and you have to compete with other ladies.
5	Its like going to a 3rd world country, shopping in their market, but in the states and for triple the price. But I love everything they have. And its such great quality.So.. I walk in walk straight to the sale rack, don't touch anything else or I will fall in love. Its the only way
