3	Even thought I love Target in general, this is not my favorite place to go.This particular store is very hard to get into. People have no respect in the parking lot. Most of the time the store is very clean, however when you need something it's hard to find someone to help you out.Now that they have started the Food Department, I am eager to see how that goes. I will post and update later.
2	Target corp needs to take a look at this location. It's way past its prime. Feels more like a Walmart. I suggest you Yelp for another Target in your area and stay away from this one.
3	Just a standard target. Nothing special.
3	Average Target.
4	Just like every other target its very neat and easy to find things you need.  The downside is you always spend more than you intend to.
4	I really like this Target location. It is clean, not horribly busy and it has a very small yet well stocked grocery area. (Frozen food section is pretty decent sized as well.) I love and hate Target, love it because they have good quality products, hate it because i can never leave empty handed.
4	I don't think there is anyways to leave this place without buying more than one thing. The clearance items are funny tho they make it look like it's super cheap when really it like 50 cents off the normal price. All in all it's target and you can't have anything bad to say..anything is better than wal-mart
5	This is a good Target store. They're all the same, but this one is nice, convenient and, best of all, has a Starbucks inside! My review will be about the Starbucks.This is a big Starbucks for being inside another store. There are quite a few tables, and it's nice and clean, cool, and a little more dimly lit than the rest of the store, which is very nice because it makes you feel like you're not in the bustle of the rest of the big box store. The employees are friendly and professional. If you go there often, you'll probably have a favorite barista. I like Tara, the short haired girl best. Too bad she's not in there as often as I go there!I'm glad this location is around, and am a happy customer.
5	This Pharmacy never stops to amaze me. They  go the extra mile to do what they can for their  customers. The staff is friendly helpful usually can remember most of their customers by name or by sight.  They just are look like they're happy to do their job and willing to what it takes to make and keep happy customers. I've worked for other pharmacies and shopped at other pharmacies but I've never found a pharmacy so willing to do whatever they can to help me as the Target Pharmacy. In my opinion  this is the best place to get your  meds or supplies.
1	it appears that their corporate policy is that if you have a return and you paid cash, you must have a receipt. This was an 8 dollar item and I paid cash but I didn't have receipt and they insisted that I get a store credit and that is not totally unreasonable but the fact still is that they're basically saying I don't believe you. It must be still in my craw that you can carry a machine gun into this store. I'm really tired of being pushed around by corporations and their non thinking robotic staff. I'm done with you target. Completely done with you.
4	Honestly I expected a bit more "grandeur" when entering but there were renovations going on during this trip. I imagine it will look amazing during the holidays. I had no idea there would be 8 floors of shopping and cafe's/shops to purchase drink/food on each floor. You could definitely spend a few hours here.
