4	Well it is official- Glendale, AZ has a bar. Not a restaurant with a bar in it, or one of the few beyond dive bars that still show up on the side of the road from time to time. Hell's Half Acre is an actual bar, no food. The place itself is not huge but it sits across from Fox's Sports grill at Westgate. They have a patio area in the front and as you enter the place you are greeted with counter height seating and an elevated couch "L" shaped seating area. It has an updated western feel about it without being over the top.Large projection screens line the wall and when we came (9ish) they were showing a variety of music videos(country, Motley Crew, and even Little Kim).  We grabbed a few bar stools at a table near the bar and despite being busy, we had a waitress taking our drink order in less than 5 minutes. The prices are not as high as I thought the would be. They have a special where you can get a shot and a beer for $7, Irish car bobs run about $6-7, a Guinness was $4.50, and a Bud was about $3.50. It is the type of place that encourages their customers to get up on the bar and even built in a step stool on the end of the bar to help with the process.I can definitely see myself going bar here, and not just because i is the first of it's kind at Westgate, but because they actually seem to know what they are doing. The service was good, the drinks came quick, and despite being crowded everyone was in good spirits and having a good time.
4	This place is next to Margaritaville at Westgate... yes, on the west side. No, not in north Scottsdale... yeah, it's a cool name, but it's still not in Scottsdale... ok? Ok. I'll be honest, I had already had a couple drinks when we went here, but I'm pretty sure I did not pay a cover. Drinks were relatively cheap, barstaff quick and friendly, and the clientele didn't irritate the crap outta me with pretentious bs. Just a big room with a few big screens, a few conversation tables, long pub-style common tables to stand and drink with friends, and busy. No dancing (bleh, especially since they were playing decent music from 80's to present, alt rock to hip hop) but it would not be the same with a dance floor. Don't think I would have liked it. We did not stay very long, but surprisingly got a conversation table even when it was already pretty full. I'll have to stay longer next time, to see if I can bump this up to 5 stars. Oh and that guy sitting at the bar when I bought my friend a drink? We were not trying to pick you up (my friend's hubby was there), and if you had been a tad more friendly, your next Pabst Blue Ribbon would have been on me for being nice to my friend on her birthday, but thanks for giving us something to laugh about. Just sayin. :)
4	Cool trendy somewhat western interiors.  Good place to go at Westgate when you're in need of some libations and you don't want to go to a half-ass chain restaurant.I felt like the crown was relaxed and pretty cool.  Not much silicone or muscle heads just regular 20 to 30 somethings enjoying their drinks.I'm not much on the west side drinking places but I'd recommend this place to someone if they asked, I kinda liked it.Drinks were priced right and the cute waitress always kept up with us when we needed something.
3	This is a pretty cool, somewhat trendy, sort of westerny bar in the Westgate shopping center. I first was a little skeptical about "going out" in westgate, but a friend lives close by so I gave it a try. This place has just your average bar prices. Not too much, but not dirt cheap. The fist night I went there the must was pretty good. They played country, then rock, then metal, more metal, so pop/rock/screamo, then country and so on! My friend and I just chilled out on the front "patio" and had our beers and shots. I liked the crowd! It wasn't all douchey like bars in Scottsdale, and it wasn't all frat like such as Tempe. A general good mix. I did see some major cougar action! (If that is your thing!) Second night I went there was the night of some big country concert at the Jobing.com arena. All the bar played was country and was also jammed packed. I think I will have to go back to get a better idea! Also, on a final note, bartenders and waitresses were pretty cute! If that is not you thing they were at least all pretty quick and friendly!Like I said earlier, I am going to have to go here on my next Westgate experience.
4	I was first attracted by the sign - a huge longhorn skull.  Sitting at the end of a complex crammed full of chain restaurants I had to get closer just to see what kind of place would have such a cool sign.  Hey, look!  It's a bar!  A bar with cow-spotted seating!  Had to go in and grab a quick drink just for that.  The staff was friendly and they have Blue Moon on tap.  I will definitely go back the next time I find myself that far West...
1	Well, at least they got the name of the place right.  Jeeeeeezus H.  This place was a like a frat party on crack.  We went here on a Saturday night around midnight simply because friends were staying at the hotel next door and we had to pick our poison (all the bars on this "strip" for the most part look pathetic).  We walk in, and the first thing we notice is it's half empty.  However, I'm thinking that's because the bar is about 40,000 sq ft.  It's one of those corporate places where they aren't sure of their identity, so they mix everything mainstream into one place - '80s buttrock mixed with '00 buttrock (Puddle of Mudd, Stained), a mechanical bull for half-naked girls to practice their douchebag-riding skills, big-titted bartenders that are going for the Coyote Ugly look...I think?  As for the patrons....think Jon Gosselin and tranny prostitues.  Oops - I mean girls with 6" heels, "dresses" (aka a half-shirt), teased blonde extensions and raccoon eyes.  To which I have to say....really?  Do you really need to go to those lengths to get laid by a douchebag Backstreet Boy clone?  Can't you just go up to them dressed in sweats and no make-up and ask them if they want a BJ?  Pretty sure the answer would be the same.
2	I'll start by saying something nice.   They had a decent selection of music playing.  It was not all hip-hop which I liked.   The place has a nice feel and was not super crowded.   Now with that said,  since the place was not packed you think they would have decent service no? Well they don't.   It took for ever for me to get my drinks.   Not to mention when I finally got my drinks they tried to drastically over charge me...  I'm not sure I will be coming here again.  I mean, I know sometimes people make mistakes, but she could have at least apologized for it.
1	the bartending staff is unhelpful and not friendly in the least bit. they refuse to offer the drink specials that were obviously listed in the fliers in the restroom, and they kicked my friend and I out when we objected. I refuse to spend money in this bar because of the awful service I have received in here multiple times.
4	For Westgate, this place rocks.  I say "for Westgate" because it's not your typical restaurant/bar fake friendliness place.  They don't serve food, at least the last time I was there, so it's only drinking.  The music rocks as much as rocking can rock in a majority hip-hop Westgate so it's nice to go to Hell's and veer away from the top 10 R&B charts for a while.  The waitresses are all good looking and friendly from my times here. Sundays nights are the next best thing to an amateur strib club as you can get.  There is a wet t-shirt contest every Sunday night ($5 cover charge) but it's well worth it.  The few times it's been great, of course, there's always one girls owning the pole like she gets paid to do at her strip joint, but overall it's fun and entertaining.  I would recommend it for anyone looking to hear some good music and for those who are tired of drinking at the restaurant/bar scene.Diego Pomona likes!
3	This is yet, another bar... in Westgate.  When you go to Westgate, you should expect Westgate type of clientelle, and Westgate prices.  With that being said, I frequent this place more often than any other bar in Westgate.  I like the dark atmosphere, and the gothic feel it has.  I say to myself often "where can I find a hole in the wall bar", this by no means is that, but is the most fitting in the Westgate center.  The staff has always treated me more than fairly, and have recognized that I am a regular and have allowed me to play guitar and sing on stage a few times, they've also given my sister and I a free bucket of beer.  I do like this place, I just wish it wasn't in Westgate.
3	Came here while in town for the Raider Cardinals game.  It was recommended by the cabie to watch the UFC fight.  The waitresses are friendly and very accommodating.  The bar kind of looks like a strip club/biker bar but has the usual mall type customers.  It was a good time exept the bouncers are d*cks.  Since they don't serve food, the waitress said we could order out but the bouncer charged me a cover to get back in... even though I told him what I was doing before I left.   What a d*ck!
5	Bold statement: This is the best bar in Westgate!Some of you might not think that's saying much, but Hell's Half is a bar everyone needs to check out. It is the happy medium between those who want a nice gritty dive to get hammered in, and those who wanna dance and flirt.The drinks are strong. The drinks are cheap! My favorite special is the "deer and a beer". For $7 I got a shot of Cazadores Reposado tequila and a pint of Bud Light. If you're a lily liver, you can substitute that.And who could forget about the music selection? They play rap, country, emo, and blues. 10/10 playlist, and I love the music videos on behind the stripper poles.Basically, Hell's Half Acre is Westgate's very own douchebag filter. You get nothing but fun crowds and good times. Come here with a good attitude, and I guarantee you'll leave with good stories to tell!
4	One of the best places on Westgate (which isn't saying much). It tends to be underrated because everyone is so hellbent on going to MacFadden's to dance with the clubrats (who are 7s at best and hardly worth $6 and $7 drinks). Good blend of rock music and club music scattered throughout. The deer and beer specials are awesome and overall one of the cheapest places to go to ($5 Blue Moons -- ya, I know). Wet T-Shirt Night is kind of hit and miss on Wednesday's. A must go if you're (forced) to go to Westgate.
3	Went in prime time saturday night and no crowd at all.  Really saturday night?  They did make a good drink and prices were good.  Very loud and metal type crowd.
4	This is probably one of my favorite places in Westgate.  The beer and a shot specials are usually what i end up with.  For only 7 bucks for a blue moon and a shot of jager it is hard to beat.  They have a really good selection of music with the videos playing on numerous tv's.  The crowd is relaxed and usually is not difficult to find a place to sit.  One thing I have learned the hard way , is when you are sitting on the couches enjoying a frosty cold beverage, watch out for the shin height steel tables that will jump out and bite you.
4	Stopped in here a while back. I like this place. Got the Blue Moon and the shot of Jaeger. The Blue Moon came in a glass goblet style. I felt like Jack Black in School of Rock. "Raise your goblet of rock." lol They played several different styles of music. However when Nine Inch Nails came on the waitresses rushed to the bar, climbed up on top and danced. This is a fun place. Look forward to going back sometime.
3	Came here for the first time with a friend this weekend. I live near Westgate but never go out there because I have more friends on the east side and tend to go out there more often. Its not a huge place like other bars in Westgate but it wasn't particularly crowded either. We didn't have to wait around for a drink, a cocktail server came to us aright after we sat down. She was dressed like kind of a hooker which doesn't bother me and I'm sure the guys love it anyways, but my friend thought it was a little much. She was friendly enough and we didn't have to wait long for our drinks. Music seemed a little off for the theme of the bar, but that probably had to do with the crowd. Drink prices were decent. I would go there again with the right group of people.
4	Before and after EVERY Hockey game..... this is where I be!$7 beer and a shot deal - yes please!Tends to be a little dangerous though on a work night. But, when the Yotes win, who cares! ?And for you dudes.... the chicks are half dressed and dance on the bar when the sun goes down, closest thing to a strip joint.
3	Besides walking around Westgate, this is the only place I visited. I just came in for a drink. The prices are reasonable.
4	Was in the area to catch a show and date and I were kinda early and he said lets go get a drink and he picked Hells Half Acer, um not a place I would pick on my own, just based on the name and that's because I don't like scary and I was thinking there was going to be bogie men everywhere, but I'm opened and off we went. Once I walked in I saw it was just like a normal bar, no bogie men going to jump out and scare me, we got a seat and a friendly server came up and took our order.He ordered a beer I ordered some drink called Ooohhhh Lala, scary name uh LOL, we got to talking and it was time to head on over to the show, enjoyed my time there and glad I went, because just from the name alone I wouldn't have gone in by myself!
4	As far as I am concerned, this is the ONLY place to drink at Westgate.I should start by saying that I am not easily offended. If you are someone who does not like to see your bartender dressed like a shot girl at a strip club, this place might not be for you. BUT, if you are someone who enjoys excellent service, reasonable prices, cool temps on a hot day, and a great array of music videos, step right in.Amy took great care of us. I'm sure my boyfriend enjoyed more than just her booty shorts and fishnets -  he was amazed at her upselling. In fact, he dubbed Amy "Queen of the Upsells" after she succeeded in convincing him to "have a double for a just $2 more" and "chase her down with a special, $1 Crown Royal shots." Um, yes please!I loved how the sassy, scantily-clad staff took care of the female patrons first, giving them the utmost attention and supreme service.  When I asked her for a suggestion for a fun "girly shot," Amy got really excited and promised to make me something that I would love.We left Amy the tip she deserved and knew we'd be back. No question.
3	Great bar ...like the rock music. Rap and hip hop is so played out. Nice to have something different.
1	The bouncers at the door are extremely rude.  I went towards the entrance to see what the crowd was like.  Automatically, the guy goes where is your id.  I said that I don't even know if I want to come in yet.  So he called me a fucking bitch.  He's a skinnyish short white guy.  I couldn't believe it.  I told him that he's lucky that there are plenty of witnesses around him or I'd knock him the fuck out.  Don't bother going to this place if you are an unaccompanied female.  Apparently, they have issues with women.
3	The staff, meaning Kat, was really cool but man....The drinks sucked ass. Seriously I wanted to go to Fry's and buy a bottle of booze to smuggle some real drink in there. The music was cool. Nice mix not just top 40 or Country. The video and the art on the was was a nice touch too. Get better drinks or your gonna be one of the next to go...
3	Nothing special here. The music is too loud, the drinks too pricey, and the servers to shapely for the clothing they are wearing. Not that there are many options around job.com arena to choose from, sadly this is probably the best.
4	Went the other day during our bar hopping time at Westgate.  We went to almost every bar there and this place was great!  The bar tender was rad and the drinks were great.  If you're looking for a place to get a drink and just chill out, this is a good place!
4	Loud music, great drinks, cow print upholstery...just wish the popcorn machine was up and running!  I always have a great time at Hell's!  I just don't get why they throw napkins around. hehehe
2	I'll try to review this place without of the bias of it being one of my boyfriend's favorite bars when he lived in the area.  Also, I don't know much about the Phoenix area.  Location: weird.  The bar is located in this area of chain restaurants and on my own, would never have though there would be anything worth checking out. Impression/clientele:  There were a ton of drunk 20 somethings everywhere around Westgate.  You can sit in the front area of HHA and watch them stumble to their cars (to drive, of course).  The customer base inside was 70/30 men to women and on a weekend night, it wasn't packed by any means.  You find a mix of normal tattooed people, drunk girls thinking they're hot,  bikers and the previously mentioned 20 somethings.Service/employees:  Everyone is really nice from the door guys, bartenders and servers.  Drinks were poured well and didn't have to wait long to order.  Of course the girls are all attractive.  If you want to see some T&A, here's your place.  The plus of this bar is the friendliness of the staff.Music/sound: I'm partially deaf in one ear and even with that, the music was REALLY LOUD.  I couldn't hear someone speaking from across the table.The stripper pole inside the bar was a little over the top.  Nothing against stripper poles, in a strip club...but in a bar where girls are just trying to grab attention...meh, more annoying than anything.  Luckily I left before the drunk girls decided to have sex in the middle of the bar (seriously) for the mostly male patrons.  Gross.  The fact that men were recording it and taking pictures, even more disgusting.  Overall the bar is relatively clean, bathroom included.It's just ok if you are looking for somewhere in the area, but I'm not sure I'd make HHA a destination.
4	Love this place.
1	Just waited 30 minutes for a drink. Ordered and waited another 20. Left with 0 drinks. Wish I could give 0 stars. Too under staffed. Thanks for wasting our time.
3	Been here a few time years ago when Westgate first opened. But recently came here before a Pearl Jam concert. I really wasn't interested in coming but they got me by playing 90s grunge music and videos so we had to come. The decor inside is nice..lots of western influence decorations and tvs inside. Huge crowd and I don't think they were prepared because they only had 2 bartenders and 1 bar back working. Took me forever to get a drink and when I ordered a 4 peaks IPA and a margarita total came out to $17 which I thought was a little steep. After tip I nearly burnt through $20 like that. I was only wanting a pint of beer but they gave me a 22 oz but it was too busy to say anything so I just took it. Anyways Hells is alright. Not bad not great..I'd rather go to another bar in the area to spend money so I don't think I would come back.
4	We were just in town to watch the Devils play the Coyotes. How could we possibly not go to Hell's Half Acre being a Devils fan! Stopped in before the game and were really pleasantly surprised by our visit.  Our bartender was really quick with the drinks and really knowledgeable about the area.  I didn't know that this place didn't serve food so when we asked for a menu we weren't given an attitude.  What we got was some really nice input about some of the food options around the place.  Hell's Half Acre doesn't pretend to be something it's not.  It's just a bar with a little bit of a chip on it's shoulder where you can go, have a drink and not be surrounded by parrots or pianos or cowboys.
5	Oh   Great place to make new friends. Excellent food. Service. Very clean.  Great dining experience.
1	Zero stars. Difficult to stay even just to see Jason DeVore. Had to beg waitress wearing under panties up her ass to shut off tv over stage(less than a foot from singers head playing death metal). When the chubby chicks started to get up on stripper pole whilst being filmed by their male counterparts I kind of threw up a little in my mouth. All during an acoustic show...This was a display of vulgarity that I didn't sign up for. If I had actually paid the freaking five dollar cover- there would be hell to pay- No thanks WestGate. PS: are the waitresses violating health code w their vj's half exposed while serving customers and being close to soda gun & supplies for service?I'm adding to this now that I'm home safely....I don't ever remember being at a bar that was, at best, 1/3 full- and nearly every patron was drinking multiple 'shots' bc they're only $1 if you buy a draft. I saw customers swaying and losing their balance, holding onto the table, while ordering 'another round'. By 1am, the crowd was zombie-like and sad to watch- --leaving at 2:05 am was the very worst and most terrifying part of the night. As I maneuvered my way through the drunken herd to the parking lot to retrieve my car- I saw a HUGE line of taxis...that were not going anywhere. The parking lot reminded me of the last day of school, in that, ppl were yelling & honking and sitting on the roofs of cars throwing cans and bottles and trash...there actually was police presence- not in the lot itself but on the street well before the lot. On my 3/4 of a block walk to my car, I saw no police cars, officers or even security. It was, as I said, terrifying. I sat in my car for a bit worrying about the drive.  Thank goodness it was uneventful and I'm here to talk about it this morning. Also one last thing to add, as I read another review posted about 8 hours before my original- the guy said the place was 'really clean'. Well, have another dollar shot my friend. The lights are low for a reason. I would not eat food that was prepared here. The 'stripper pole' by the sofas was being utilized by chicks w short dresses on and that's all I think I need to say...The ladies room: oh dear...2 stalls, 2 small sinks. I arrived around 10 & used restroom then - in the stall I chose, there were 3 handwritten signs that instructed me to hold toilet handle down. At 10pm no seat liners-- but seat liner dispenser on wall directly above toilet. 4 paper towel dispensers but 3 were empty. The floor was disgusting. I took some photos...since I was there 10-2, I visited ladies room a few times and after each, I'd stop an employee on way out of hall to let them know about the paper shortage. Each person I stopped said "oh ok" and followed up by stating something to the effect of 'that's REALLY not my job, but I'll tell someone'. "Someone" never corrected the issue. 2 times in ladies room there was blatant drug use- large stall several ppl in there- chick at sink buying 'Vicodin' from other chick....Every ashtray outside was overflowing w cig butts- I personally had 2 $3 rolling rock beers & 2 $2 small water bottles, bc I try to be responsible for my 11 mile drive home. My guess is that this review won't be printed- and I don't usually tear a business up one side and down the other- my reviews are generally positive. I am writing this waytoolong review bc I read some really good tips & reviews and am almost in disbelief that this is the same place.
1	They got the hell part right.  One of the absolute worst places I've ever been.  Would rather stab myself in the eyes with scissors than ever go back.
3	It's a super dark, kind of gothy bar, but we had a great time. The drinks were a great price, the bartender was always really nice. We stopped by in the afternoon before a concert so it was pretty quiet at the bar.
