5	Good yogurt, more of a lightly sweetened icey refreshing style than the thick creamy or sweet and tart styles you see at other places. I tried the banana first and could not get used to it, but then I tried the chocolate and made a cup with different varieties, and it was all good. If you are in the mood for a light desert this is a great place to stop.
2	I know that frozen yogurt is the healthier option for a frozen dairy treat. It is not jammed pack with calories, as long as you don't go nuts on the toppings, but Tasti D-Lite was lacking in creaminess. Even though, fro-yo is a less guilty choice, I still want it to feel like a treat. The iciness of the product reminded me more of like a sorbet. Although it still incorporates the do it yourself method, the flavor options are lacking compared the competition, but was pricier.
2	service SUCKS! big time. the yogurt (or whatever you wanna call it) was pretty good. and they have waffle bowls, which i am all about so i did enjoy that part of it. the flavors were ok, i opted for angel food cake, cookies and cream, and brownie. the brownie one was the best flavor. this place is on the expensive side but i might give it another try if they had flavors that appealed to me. there are tons of tasty d-lite flavors so hopefully next time we go to vegas, there will be flavors that i'd like to try. and hopefully service will be better.
2	This yogurt was alright, but it wasn't as creamy as I would have liked... I've had much better yogurt pretty much everywhere.Well, the sprinkles were good. I'll give them that lol
1	Just had their chocolate chimp smoothie and it was probably one of the worst things I've ever tried. There was no way I thought this was how it was supposed to taste so I asked to remake it. Tried it again. It went from unedible to horrible!!! (Guess that's an upgrade) Never trying this place again.
1	This is a location that cannot figure out if they want to compete with a 7-11, Yogurtland, or a Las Vegas novelty location. They was one employee working, and we were the only customers, yet we received not greeting, and the male employee was busy flirting with a hot blonde girl that worked in another shop in the center.He then tried to explain to us why we did not need assistance and why we needed to serve ourselves. They toppings in the ice cream area are a joke. Cleanliness is very lacking. Do not waste your time here.
