3	Never been a huge fan of this format for Chinese food, but when you're dying of hunger and have limited options, it does hit the spot. Went here because it was walking distance of the Comfort Suites on Roosevelt Street. Seems like most businesses that serve food near the hotel close fairly early, but Panda Express was open until 10:00 p.m.I did the three entree platter which comes with choice of steamed rice, fried rice, or chow mein. They don't have the old standard General Tso's Chicken (or maybe old General Tso has since retired from the chicken business), but they did have a reasonable facsimile--the Sweetfire Chicken. I also asked for the String Bean Chicken, which had an aromatic component that was delicious, but that I couldn't quite place... cilantro? And finally, for my third entree I chose the Honey Walnut Shrimp. Panda Express's interpretation of these shrimp differs from the traditional Chinese restaurant (no mayonnaise sauce and hardly any candied walnuts), but the honey and the shrimp flavor comes through, so I guess they get a pass.This restaurant was an oasis in a desert of food choices and saved us from almost certain hunger-induced lunacy.
5	The food is good and fresh as always. The workers are friendly and prompt. They have good service too. Will come back again for sure.
3	So my wife and I tried the drive-thru for the very 1st time and found it to be a bit confusing.  Not so sure that we will do that again?  Other than that, as usual the food is always good.
4	I normally wouldn't review a fast-food chain such as Panda, but the quality of the food (yes, for "fast food") and the service was so good at this location that I couldn't resist.  Panda Express is, of course, express Chinese food & "it is what it is" for that.  And what it is, generally, is quite satiating when you're craving Orange Chicken or Beef & Broccoli, etc.  The staff at this location were extremely friendly - everyone (even cooks in the back) said a happy (not forced) hello!  We stopped here later in the evening, so many of the trays were 1/2 full or less.  This didn't bother me at all, but the server asked if we wanted freshly made entrees, even for the ones still 1/2 full.  We didn't need it, but it was still quite nice to be asked so politely (on the contrary, I didn't get my entree of choice at another Panda Express location because the tray was 1/4 full and only contained remaining vegetables and no meat from the dish...the server did not ask if I wanted it freshly made).  ***Keep the receipt: you will get a free entree with the purchase of a 2-entree meal if you simply call in for a survey or complete it online.  You'll receive a code for your next visit & the cashier will deduct the price of an entree.  That's a $4 value for less than 5 minutes of time!
1	Not to happy we need a good Chinese food place out here. Maybe that's what it is. If you go you will feel like you wasted your money after you eat.  I guess it is what it is.  I hope we get some Asians out here to open up some businesses in some of these empty spaces that are all over. We need good food out here!!!!!
1	This location is one of my least favorites. If you want good service and hot, fresh food go to the McDowell and Dysart location.This location consistently has less than fresh food and never has the entree selections we would like (and I am not to talking something special here just chicken breast and string bean or chicken and mushroom). It is worth driving 3 more miles and walking in for the other location. After trying this one at least 3 times in the last 6 months an not being satisfied we will always be driving to the other location.
1	The food was great except the kale chicken. Asked for a new plate because it was wilted and burned. When the new plate returned it was filled with metal shavings. The line staff was rude and would not take the kale off the line as I watched them attempt to serve it to another person. Once I got loud she decided pull it from the line. The manager thought the whole thing was funny although after demanding he did refund the order. We received an incident report to fill out only to have it ask for our social security number. What?!!!!!
3	You get what you expect from Panda Express... Consistency. Service is good- they've had alot of the same staff for a while and the place is clean. Cream cheese ragoons can be a little toasty.... But overall I enjoy my meals from here!
2	Typical Panda Express as far as the consistency of the food, but they can be VERY skimpy on the portions.....watch them closely!!First time I went there, I got probably 4 pieces of Bejing beef and 5 pieces of Orange chicken.....by the time I drove the 3 miles home and saw that, I was not going to return and complain, so I went online and filled out the survey to get a free entree next time.On my next visit, with the coupon in hand, they tried to skimp on the portions again......I told them that if they did not put more in the container, I was going to walk out and never return to this location again. They looked at me angrily, but put more in the container.I told them they will NEVER get away with skimping on my portions again... Only to be told " thank you, come again"
2	I am a huge fan of Panda Express when I'm in the mood for some quick Chinese food. However, the service at this location wasn't the best. They were slow and the lady who helped me and my friend was a little snappy.
1	First time  at this location. The line was so long I think it was 13 people total in line and I was in the back. Took 30min or so for me to order and walk. Several workers were clumsy and dropped a bunch of pans which was sooo loud. It seems to me they can't handle a busy crowd. I don't know who or where the manager was, but neither of these employees acted like a manger. My serving size was good and the food was good, but that's about it. Everyone was looking irritated by how slow they were.
1	The longest line ever for just orange chicken!! I swear they went looking for the chicken in the farm somewhere!!
1	I found a worm in my shiitake kale chicken! Never again...they actually asked if I'd like another plate...i loved this place till then. Check your produce. Tells me they don't wash before they store.
