3	Tried the seafood pasta special here a year or so ago and was underwhelmed- too much crayfish and not much flavor, as I recall.  Desserts here are much better, though; Warning: those with a sweettooth should be extra careful dining at The Eagles Buffet next door, especially on Mother's Day... unless you have the discipline to put extra time at the gym!Had lunch here today (3/10)- turkey club (smoked turkey, bacon, lettuce, tomato, swiss cheese, and mayo on fresh croissant) and crispy sweet potato fries as my choice of side.  Yes, I chose this spot only bec. I had a craving for SPF!  I only had 30 minutes' time alloted for lunch (which explains the lack of photos), but I thought a simple sandwich and fries wouldn't take much time.  Was I wrong!  First of all, it took 5 minutes from the moment I was seated at the table for my server to take my order.  Second, my order took more than 15 minutes to arrive, but I had to send the fries back as they were very soggy.  After a few minutes, however, these fries were perfect!  The sandwich included processed turkey slices (circular slices straight from the bag) and a lettuce leaf that was just large enough to span the length and width of the croissant.  I did appreciate the fact that the slices of bacon were pretty lean- I am one to trim off cooked fat from bacon before placing them back in my sammies.  (I know I'm NOT the only one that does this!)  I wouldn't recommend the turkey club or other sandwiches where processed meats might be used.  Perhaps the entrees would be your best bet (pun intended!).  I DO suggest you try the desserts (I spied small glasses of milkshakes being delivered to their lucky owners) and the extra-crispy sweet potato fries.  Neighbors ooh'ed and ahh'ed over their lovely slices of strawberries and cream cake with coffee.
3	My suggestion?  Go for breakfast!  I have been here a few times and received spotty service: either my coffee cup is filled after every sip, or I am left to wonder if the waitstaff even know that I've been seated!  However, it is hard to ruin breakfast and you cannot beat the price: $6.25 for 2 eggs, hashbrowns, choice of meat, and toast.  I can't decide whether I like the cheap eats or the valet service better!
4	Reasonable price for good food.It doesn't seem practical to visit a casino just for a good meal, but I think Willows Restaurant in Casino Arizona is well-worth the trip. Tonight, we had the prime rib special, a good, tender, well-seasoned prime with a large baked potato, vegetable and your choice of soup or salad for only $13.95! The taste is comparable to a Black Angus experience but much less expensive. There are also hearty, delicious portions during the lunch time. Definitely try their daily specials! Service was fast (we didn't have to wait for a table at the 5:45ish time frame), fairly friendly, with consistent bussing and refill service. The restaurant is clean with impressive decor of traditional Native art on the walls and intimate booths for parties from 2 to 6 people. Parking can be tough if you are only going to dine and not gamble but there is a valet. Because the gambling never ends, the restaurant never closes. Good meal, good service, great price.
1	This place used to be alright, but now it only serves the dregs of the casino Buffet. Even if you are starving at 1 in the morning, just save yourself the disapointment and the high prices and just go to Dennys instead.
4	Breakfast. The best crispy chicken fried steak and eggs this side of Texas. Served with country gravy, hash browns and garnished with a slice of cantaloupe and honey dew melon for under $7. The green chili cheese burger is also one of my favorites, served any time of day or night. Only down side is getting past all the unwashed morons gambling and chain smoking cigarettes.
3	Try and catch the early bird special if you go.  For 8.95 you get a very good size salad, a (depending on what you get) big portion of whatever meat you decide on, two sides, and a dessert.  Now the reason for only three stars is me regretting my choice...  I know that isn't fair to the restaurant but usually when you order country fried chicken or a chicken fried steak it's pretty massive.  Mine was the smallest out of everyone else at the tables, and there were 8 of us.  While the chicken was good and I really liked the gravy I was still a little hungry at the end.  And key lime pie is not my idea of dessert.  So I guess I just happened to hit a bad day.  Maybe next time I go they'll have chocolate pie, or something not key lime (My grandparents liked it, but I just couldn't eat it, so sour!).  From the looks of the other plates, the salmon was the winner.
3	Went for breakfast and everyone around us was sending back the food because it was not hot. I had the Lox and bagels which was good but it seemed not a lot of people enjoyed their food. But good prices and decent food.
4	I've been here for the all-you-can-eat crab leg nights, and always enjoy  the food.  But lately I heard that they are now doing a dim sum variety, I had to check this out.  It's a great price from 10-3 for & $9.99 and for a cheap buffet, there is a lot of variety.The dim sum part of the buffet is just someone standing there and you basically pick out what what is available.  There about ten or twelve things to pick from and they only give you a portion of what they usually give at a real dim sum restaurant.  But then again, it's a buffet so you can always go back.  I'm usually used to loud Asian ladies trying to get a lot of items on your table and enticing you to try things you never tried before and stamping the heck out of your bill!  But besides the dim sum, the buffet offers lots of variety also from Mexican, Asian, and American varieties.  The BBQ baby back ribs are so good!  Also what I'm pleased with is for the cheap price, they have a great dessert area with an ice cream machine.  Casino Arizona always does a good job in making their buffets worth the price.  I will definitely be back!
4	The specials they have that you can put together on your own is convenient, I love their breakfast burrito deal because you get this huge breakfast burrito with hash browns which I love! But the two together is so Good!!! Also they have amazing milkshakes if you get the strawberry and chocolate together its like having a chocolate covered strawberry in a cup! better to go here than dennys on a late night out.
4	Late night prime rib after a night in old town is the best!  Even though we have been asked to leave (sometimes more politely than others) they always welcome us back with open arms!  I can't stay away from this place.
4	I guess it's about time I review this place. For as many times as I've been here, it's always been for breakfast and I think all but maybe a couple of those times have been weekdays. As a result the place normally isn't that crowded. The food here is pretty solid, especially for how reasonably priced it is. I normally get an omelet or whatever the daily special is (which most of the time is some sort of "specialty" omelet). For $6.25 you get a three egg omelet w/three add-ins, hash browns & toast. I don't know what it is, but this place has REALLY good hash browns! They're crispy on the outside & really soft on the inside, which is how I like them. The Willows also has really good coffee (for a buck), and I like that they leave a carafe at your table so that you can control refills. For the most part I've always experienced good service (it probably doesn't hurt that by this point I've been coming here so often w/my parents that most of the servers recognize us). Then again, like I mentioned earlier, weekday breakfasts here aren't all that crowded. Not much to say about the atmosphere. It's a little diner inside a casino, so it is what it is.
4	This is a very chill place to kick back and have a casual meal before and after a hard night of gambling or taking in a show. The last time I was here was before The Doors cover band Strange Days show. I had a Rueben sandwich with fries. The service was great and the Rueben was excellent as well. I'll need to try different items the next time around based on some other Yelper reviews.
4	Great place to soak up some suds before getting in the car and driving. This restaurant is rather small and the decor is somewhat tacky. But who cares when you need to eat something and you do not want to spend an arm and a leg.The medium sized menu here has most of the familiar items and favorites that you would see in your typical restaurants. They have different specials that change on occasion.Usually stop here with other Yelpers after seeing one of the tribute bands. Miss Jolly M. and her man Heath are one of our favorite dining guest and we always have a blast. Last time we all played KENO at the table and had a good 20-30 minutes of laughter and excitement. My number 8 popped up at least 4-5 times. Hmmm?Usually get the SW Burger and have them bring out Hot Sauce and some Atomic Horseradish. The Reuben is also a favorite and taste really good. Others have ordered the Steak and Eggs with Hashbrowns and Toast or the Chicken Salad Sandwich on a Croissant with Fries.Food is decent and the prices are out of this world cheap. Just take you time and kick back. You always want to make sure to let the suds soak in good before getting behind the wheel. See you there next time. BEEP BEEP!3.75 STARS
5	I've been having breakfast at the Willows Restaurant for the past 5 years. The staff including the manager Sally, waitresses Lucy & Starr do an excellent job. They are always willing to go the extra mile to make sure my food is prepared according to my requirements. If there is ever an issue and there have been very few, they do whatever they can to make sure I'm taken care of. For the price the food is excellent. The service is second to none.  I would highly recommend the Willows Restaurant.
3	Came here for a little dinner. Service is exceptional and the food has some variety. I ordered the chicken wings with blue cheese. It was good, but just like any other wings. This place used to be open 24/7 which was nice because after the club or if you were just craving food late night it was the place to go to. So, after they stop doing that, we barely come here.
3	The food here is ok but the service here has always been top notch. This is usually our late night spot to eat after a night of festivities since nothing else is open and no where else will you get a prime rib dinner for like 8 bucks or something like that. The staff remembers us, but they probably remember everyone which is awesome and they have never slacked when I've been there.This review is mainly about the food since i gave it 3 stars but the staff deserves the full 5 stars.
1	I have been here a few times before with no complaints about food or service, however, when i went there late saturday/early sunday october 5 the service and food were THE WORST. I believe there were 2 male waiters, one was asian and the other one was the worthless, poor excuse for a server we had the misfortune of being stuck with. It was after 2 am so I could not order a beer, but I would have liked to order a coke. They brought out 2 waters, never asked if we wanted anything else to drink, & took food order. I ordered sirloin steak (medium). After waiting for what seemed like forever for food to come out I tried the steak. The first part was somewhat undercooked but it had a good flavor. I cut into the other part and it was less done than rare. This completely grossed me out and I asked if they could cook it a little more. The manager came by and said she didn't blame me for sending back. They took whole plate & eventually one of the waitresses asked if I wanted a salad. Then after waiting for what seemed like forever again, they bring the plate back out. I believe they took the other piece, butterflied it, and cooked it until it was beyond well done-to the point of basically being leather. I tried one bite & it was just disgusting & had no flavor. My french fries were now gross tasting like they stuck them under a heat lamp that whole time. When the manager brought it back out I asked for the check, ketchup & a fork. She gave me new silverware roll & never brought the check, ketchup, or checked back to see if everything ok. After waiting & waiting I got the asian waiter's attention & asked if he could have them remove steak from the bill and bring it. Finally the bill came & I paid and left $1 and some change for tip (bill went down to $9.18) I am a server myself and I know it wasn't his fault the steak wasn't done right, but he never checked back on us, apologized, or anything. If he would have seemed to care at all about our table I would have left the change from a $20 & his tip would have been slightly more than the check even ended up being. I had 2 words for their comment card--THE WORST. I hope they look at Yelp reviews and take them even 1/2 as serious as my restaurant does. The manager & our waiter were 2 of the most useless employees I have come across in a very long time. I live 2 miles down the road now and have started going to Casino Az quite often now, but I think this was my last visit to The Willows-oh well, their loss.
5	Casino Arizona & The Willows - We were looking for a place to have a good steak,  at 1am. No one open, anyplace worth waiting all day for that is. From the valet, Nolan, to the security guard Dan! Outstanding service. Ruth at The Willow was worth way more than they are paying her,  I'm sure. The food was amazing, service excellent, facility spotless. Being in a wheelchair makes for difficult journeys, not here...  tiled walkways and Dan. That guy opened doors,  and even waited for our car to be brought up, all while his wonderful personality genuinely shined through;5 such a friendly, fun place. It's worth the time and effort to check them out. Be warned,  you'll leave with a smile :)
