5	Tired of the 3 million Vegas sushi bars? Looking for something unique for dinner? Don't want to pay hundreds for dinner at the latest and greatest "Strip" restaurant? Well 808Tapas is here for you! This is what a restaurant looks and tastes like when the owners actually care. The menu is deep. The concept is Spanish Tapas meets Eastern sushi. The menu has about 70 items on it all ranging from about $3-$10.We went last night and had a great sampling of what's to come. Hamachi shooters, crab stack salad and spicy tuna cracker....all awesome! The sushi we tried was very fresh and great portions. Brian and the gang there have really went over the top. Located right next to Regal Village Square theater. Stop in for dinner and thank me later!
5	Went tonight, what a wonderful place!  Asian, Hawaiian, fusion. Great use of fresh, tasty ingredients. Inspired sauces, that will delight your palate. I can't wait to go back.
3	This place is nice. The people are nice. The meal was...well I feel obligated say nice also. But here are the misses:1 - Pricing to food ratio is terrible! For example, the Wagyu sliders comes in two for 9 bucks. Delicious, tender but that's STEEP! Then again, I've never really had bad sliders. The wings were plump and crispy. Tasted exactly like Korean Fried Chicken. But again, small portions!  Other items on the menu are your typical Vegas sushi joint, tasty but forgettable. $90 for 3 people later without any drinks, and we ended up being European full.2- YOU NEED HIGH CHAIRS!!  If you're going to open in Summerlin, you expect to serve children.  This actually kills my meal holding my child on my lap and eating from tiny dishes. In summary, the staff is nice.
5	This is my new favorite place to hang out! All of the food and the drinks are amazing! The staff is friendly and the service is excellent! I love the Tensai Hamachi Shooters. The hamachi and the white truffle oil is a perfect combination. Lychee Saketini is to die for! Beautiful presentation with the floating raspberry.
4	Tried this for the first time with a friend. Tapas are typically kind of pricey for my liking and this place is the same. So, you won't really be full but you'll sure be spending a lot.However, aside from the pricing, the staff is super friendly and nice. I like the place overall and I wasn't disappointed with the few dishes that we did get. I LOVED the spicy tuna cracked. I definitely want that again.My friend and I go got the salmon carpacchio, beef tataki, hamachu tensai shooter, and the yellowtail jalopeno. They were decent enough but for me, I loved the spicy tuna cracker. The wasabi part of it was a nice touch. And I just ADORE spicy tuna so that's a double plus.We received a random 30% off so I was pretty grateful for that. It might be cause they're a new place but I don't know. That was a nice surprise.
5	Perfect fusion I sushi and tapas! Get the tensai shooter! It is delicious!
2	Las Vegas has room for a great many things including more and better Izakaya.  Think Raku, Kyara, Blue Ribbon, Social House as setting the bar for better than average.  What disappointed me about this place was the food could have been a lot better.  The direction and thought are somewhat there but plate ware and good service is not enough.  Summerlin needs some GOOD Japanese restaurants whether traditional or fusion it doesn't matter, just some good food.This starts with sourcing and using good quality ingredients.  Don't dumb your menu down for the masses, put more effort into what you do and use this as a starting base.  Don't be like Firefly's, yes they are busy but the food sucks.  Aim to be better.  What is lacking here is an intelligent approach to cooking and creativity.  Reinventing or attempting contemporary Japanese dishes is not going to impress anyone.Salmon appetizer - Horrible...mushy with no textural component and tasted it like it was marinated in Mirin.Hamachi Belly Shooters - Scrap this idea all together it's been done over and over again for 2 decades and it is not interesting.  Flavors were so so.Korean Chicken - This was good, liked the use of thighs and crispy chicken skin.Raw Tuna Dishes - Use fresh tuna not frozen.  Poke Express gets away with this, but the flavors are spot on.  A Japanese Tapas place should be using fresh product.  Yeah it is expensive but that it what you do.Wagyu Sliders - Not bad, but nothing creative or significant.  Pork Belly - Not bad as well, but even the pork belly at Inaba was better.Lomi Salmon Caprese - Scrap this it doesn't do anything for the palate.Tako dishes - Gotta use better quality tako.  The flavor of the dishes is a definite start but needs further development. I get what they are trying to do here and I hope that they improve on it.  That is what would probably bring me back.  Maybe spend some time looking at what they are doing in LA or NY.
5	It's good to see new restaurants opening in the Village Square Shopping Center with 808 Tapas and Baci Burger. The menu is quite extensive and it can get a bit confusing when ordering. Our server recommended for us to start with the crab stack and hamachi shooters. The crab stack was refreshing and light and was enough to three of us. The hamachi shooters were just amazing! We initially ordered just three and ended up ordering six more. The hamachi shooters reminded me of the hamachi shooter at Michelin Star Alexander's in San Francisco but at half the cost. Being from Hawaii, we ordered the lomi lomi salmon caprese, we really enjoyed this dish. The Wagyu sliders were very tasty with shiitake mushrooms and a wasabi mayo sauce. They would have been perfect if they were cooked with more pink. The beef tataki was an amazing dish as well as the salmon carpaccio. I also ordered the ceviche and it was different with bay scallops, rock shrimp, mango and cucumbers, but we definitely enjoyed a different take on ceviche. The sashimi platter we ordered was exceptional with fresh quality fish. We finished with the banana and apple fritter for dessert which was as delicious as its mouth watering presentation. The lychee saketini is highly recommended if you love lychee like I do. We definitely look forward to coming again to try out their other dishes on the menu. Food and service is exceptional. The negative is the large menu can be overwhelming when deciding what to order.
3	This place was a borderline 2 stars but luckily they gave out a 30% off promo right now.  The food is decent.  Just average, however prices are RIDICULOUS without the 30% offMy order:Tensai Shooter - 3.00 for a small shot of citrusy yellowtail and "truffle" sauce (didn't taste)Steam Mussels - broth was good, but i literally counted about 8 tiny mussels.  Seeing that your normal pubs and bars will load you up with mussels and fries for about 10-12 bucks, you definitely don't get the bang for your buck here.Garlic Chicken - Average, was a bit soggy and cold - had decent flavorLamb pops - cubes of lamb meat, not tender and a bit over cooked.Overall - dont come hungry or you'll end up spending a pretty penny.  you can get the same quality and way more foods at ANY ayce sushi joint
5	Have eaten here several times since the restaurant opened.  The food is outstanding!!! We have tried a number of the dishes on the menu which is extensive.  Our favorites include the Wagyu sliders, the spicy tuna on the wasabi crackers, the crab stack, garlic chicken and if you have a sweet tooth, the apple/banana fritters.  All deliscious!!!!  Can't say enough about the wait staff.  Efficient and most attentive to us. We are already regulars.
3	The food was pretty good. Nothing fantastic or innovative. Service was good, they had recently just opened so I could tell some kinks had to be worked out in terms of service. 4 waitresses bringing different dishes, asking us how things were, if we wanted to order more, more, more. It was a bit bothersome but understandeable. Overall a decent place to try, but a bit pricey for calling themselves a Tapas place. 2 of us racked up a bill of over 100 bucks. I'll give em a month or so and try them again.
1	i felt this place was way too over priced. sorry!
5	I went in to experience a few tastings during happy hour, but ended up experiencing a culinary delight! The staff was very helpful in suggesting what to begin with so we tried them all! Garlic chicken- crisp yet moist and flavorful. Garlic edamame spicy and tantalizing. Fried eggplant with a wasabi mayo dipping alongside a tropical saketini. At prices from $5-10, half off sushi, and $6 saketinis it was a great deal for awesome food and drink. We will go back!
2	Tried it once w/ the kids, won't be back.Not bad, but for their high prices and the quality, there are better choices in LV.Noise level is high.
5	While on business in Las Vegas, I tapped into my network of friends and locals to recommend a new place to eat.  I have my regular spots that I enjoy but this time I wanted something a little different yet close to my hotel, Red Rock.  A few of them actually recommended that I try 808 Tapas in the Summerlin area, which recently opened for business.  808 Tapas appears to bill itself as an infusion of east & west and sake lounge.  The restaurant was quite easy to find given that its sign stood out among the neighboring businesses.  Upon entering, I was greeted with a warm "ALOHA" by the staff, which was expected since 808 is the area code for the Hawaiian Islands.  From what my friends told me, I should expect Asian/Hawaiian influence fusion style dishes at a reasonable price range.My business associate and I started with the Tensai Hamachi Shooters.  This dish caught my as I'm quite the fan of the hamachi shooters served at Michelin Star Alexander's in Cupertino. The hamachi flesh literally melted away in my mouth and the chef did an excellent job to find the perfect balance with the use of white truffle oil with the ponzu sauce.  It is $3 each or $15 for 6.  We opted for the half dozen. This dish is highly recommended!We then ordered the Crab Stack Salad at the recommendation of our server.  You will love the way this dish is presented in a stack and then our server began mixing and tossing it table side before we anxiously dug in.  The ginger lime dressing was so refreshing and it complimented the veggies, mango, and the snow crab. This dish was $10 and it was more than enough for two of us to enjoy. What really stood out is the ample amount of snow crab in this dish.  I much prefer this than your usual artificial crab that's served in other sushi restaurants and in your typical "all you can eat" joints.I took it upon myself to order the Uni Tempura as I am much familiar and enjoy this dish at Nobu.  Much to my surprise, this dish was served exactly like Nobu.  The only difference is it's a larger portion and plated differently.  I suspect there is some Nobu connection amongst the staff here.  If you eat uni, this dish is a must as it's a bargain in price at $10 with a much larger serving than you would get at Nobu.My co-worker and I both decided to order the Fish Tacos.  The panko crusted tilapia was cooked to the perfect crisp and I absolutely enjoyed the blood orange slaw which complimented this dish well and this is definitely not your typical bland tasteless fish tacos like you get at xxxhoo's Fish Taco.  This dish was $6 for two tacos and a definite must order.Being born and raised in Hawaii, the next dish caught my eye on the menu and I ordered it.  The Lomi Lomi Salmon Caprese is the 808 Tapas take of traditional caprese.  Fresh buffalo mozzarella topped with lomi lomi salmon, a traditional Hawaiian dish of salted salmon, sliced tomatoes, and diced onions drizzled with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. This dish was refreshing and I believe it truly represents the 808 area code.  I must commend the chef for his creativity and thought process in the creation of this dish.  You definitely need not be from Hawaii to enjoy this dish!  This dish was $7.50.We ordered the Wagyu Beef Sliders.  These sliders were cooked to perfection with just the right amount of pink.  The marinated shiitake mushrooms were TASTY and the Hawaiian ginger wasabi mayo sauce was to die for.  This was one of the best burger/slider I've ever tasted!  I highly recommend this and I'll definitely be coming back just for this!  You get two sliders for $7.50 along with fresh made taro chips that are so addicting you'll be asking if you can order a bag of it for take out.We were both getting a bit stuffed, but we gave in and ordered the Spicy Tuna Crackers for our last dish.  The crispy tempura nori crackers had just the right kick with wasabi and was topped with ahi tuna poke. This dish was $6.50 for five crackers and munching on these with a nice cold Kirin the next time I visit.We had also ordered a pitcher of the 808 White Peach Sakeria to wash things down. It was refreshing and delicious!  It certainly opened my eyes and palate up to new creations and ways to enjoy drinking sake.We didn't have room for dessert, however, the banana & apple fritters served with ice cream and fresh fruits looked absolutely mouth watering at the table next to us. I will leave room to experience this when I return next month to town for business.I believe this place will be a gem for the Summerlin community and will quickly fill its small capacity as word circulates amongst foodies who possess the palate to identify both quality and value.  The majority of the dishes are priced between $4 to $10.
4	808 tapas a place where east meets west, an asian american fusion style restaurant.Since I was in the Summerlin area, I decided to stop by 808 tapas and give them a whirl.I was greeted by a nice host everyone greeted me hello and service with a smile. Since I was full I didn't get to order that much, because my main purpose was to try a roll and dessert.I regret going to 808 tapas full because damn! Their 808 special roll was really good. It was amazing and to die for. Their sushi was really fresh great temperature, texture was good, you can tell everything was fresh, and the sauce was really good. I give it a thumbs up!For dessert I decided to try the 808 fritter, which was also bomb digity. There was nothing negative about this place. I really enjoyed it. The staff is great I spoke to the Sous Chef, and he told me how they do not even use imitation crab, they use the real thing and all the fish they use in the sushi are the high quality fish, different then the all you can eat sushi.I am really excited to go back. Their happy hour starts at 3:00 I wouldn't mind trying that as well. I will make sure to come with an empty stomach, so I can order more rolls.Try now! You will not regret it. I just wish they had one in the Green Valley area.. But It's ok it's worth the trip for me.
5	808 Tappas is out of this world good. I could eat the Crab Stack Salad every day of the week.  Each dish has so much flavor and is so inventive and unique. Service is great. I can't wait to go back and take friends.
5	Think Spanish tapas, but with an Asian twist.  Then think a handful of traditional cocktails, but made with very high quality sake instead of vodka or gin.  Then think of genuine aloha spirit, and you have 808 Tapas.  Great concept, great food, great place to eat, drink and socialize.  Been here twice (once on the grand opening and again right afterwards) and ate different things each time and each thing I ate was damn delicious.  The menu is extensive and has many choices for a wide variety of tastes.  Go and give it a try.  Location is great - watch a movie and walk down to 808 Tapas afterwards instead of spending $37 on a soda, popcorn and Bon Bons.  I will definitely be a regular.
3	Loved to selection. Kind of pricy. Nice comfortable place. Could reduce the menu some... Too many items, I don't want to read a book... I would go back...
2	I've always said I avoid "fusion" restaurants. I am a vegetarian and it should be easy to find something anywhere... but with fusion dishes it's nearly impossible to customize or substitute entrees and that creates problems for my diet and (mushroom) allergy.Last night while arriving 45 min. prior to watching "perks of being a wallflower" (watch it!) I noticed this place next door. I have been wanting to try "tapas" (this was not that style of small plates)... My friend and I stopped in and ordered two individual glasses of sake wine (try the top red option if you dine here! I had the white peach- meh.) I simply ordered dessert which was the banana fritter + ice cream. It was good but nothing spectacular. Ordinary deep fried 'nana, fruit as a garnish, and a scoop of ice cream. Not even really worth the $6. Why didn't I eat any 'real food'? I only noticed one tofu dish listed throughout the whole menu. Not very impressed. And NOT veggie friendly. I've been to other sushi places and usually I can at best find a ramen noodle option. Not the case here.Also, the female server was nice 'n all, she mentioned. . ."Oh if you ever stop here AFTER your movie you can bring your ticket stub and get a discount" Uh....... cool? Not helping us tonight. We also split the bill. 2 cards. she charged mine twice! How do you mess that up? We weren't even in a rush. As the yelp rating ^ states, "Meh. I've experienced better."
4	ONO-LICIOUS!!This is a fun restaurant... fun people and a fun menu!When you enter... the staff welcomes with a loud... ALOHAAAA!And when you depart... they all yell.... MAAHAALLO!There was 5 in our party.... We hung out for a couple hours visiting and eating our way through the menu.  It seemed like the whole staff stopped by our table at one time or another to chat ....see how we were doing or drop off a dish or accept our order or refill our drinks.  We ordered a couple tapas at a time.... and they came out pretty quick... Note... they have a lot of Sushi on the menu... but there is so much more than just sushi... and everything is quite tasty!Figure on ordering 3-4 per person for a meal... I think we actually ordered like 6 per person because we had 2 pages to our receipt... with drinks and tax... note... we had a couple drinks each... our bill came to about $45/pp... so it's not a cheap place... but it is a fun place with fun dishes and fun people. (definitely more reasonable if you're not consuming alcohol)By the way.... their cocktails are awesome!  My new favorite drink is their Lychee Saketini.  This one is dangerous... not too sweet and oh so smooth Tropical-y Yumminess.Like I said.... we ate our way through the menu.... I think we got through about 1/2 the menu.... our favorites...I can't remember everything we ate.... it was a lot.... here are a few notables:Eggplant Fries.... you do have to like Eggplant... these were crispy on the outside... soft on the inside.Wagyu Sliders.... juicy... meaty.... melt in your mouth goodness.... and the mushrooms are a nice touch.  The buns are soft and not overpowering.... it's just there so you have something to hold the burger from goo-ing all over your hands.Pork Belly and Asparagus.... So Freakin' Good!  Next time... I'm not sharing.  I'm getting a bowl of rice and enjoying this as a full on entree all to myself.  The pork belly was firm and not overly fatty... the aspargus was cooked but not soggy.We will be back... in fact... I see there's a Groupon available ... I'm buying it right after I hit 'post'.  :)
5	Great food, loved the sliders! Excellent, entertaining, and fun service! Clean and comfortable
5	I had made plans to go to the movies the other day and since my friend and I arrived a little befor ethe show started, we decided to grab a bite to eat. Some of the other restaurants in the plaza were either full or closed so we decided to check out 808 Tapas. Ok, so I have to say right off the bat that I am usually hesitant to check out restaurants with numbers in their name. I don't know why, but I was famished and decided to give it a shot.Holy moly. This place is great! We sat at the bar, ogling over the fresh fish in front of us. We both ordered the ahi salad from the lunch menu. The sushi chef, Yoshi, went to work on it. It's a simple salad but it was bursting with flavor! The fish was super fresh. While we were at he bar, the sushi chf noticed we were speaking Spanish and he asked us where we were from. We told him Mexico. It turns out he was the person in charge of opening Nobu in Mexico city! He told us how he use to work at the Nobu here in Las Vegas and how he was sent down to the D.F. for a year to open the restaurant. We talked a while about the different areas of the city and the great food. Very, very cool guy.At one point our server came over to ask if we had been shopping for Black Friday. I told him we came to the plaza to go to the movies. He told me if you show them your tickets you get 20% of your bill! Amazing! Our lunch for two ended up costing $14 dollars! For Nobu quality food! We will definitely be returning!You must check it out!
2	When I sat down and read through the menu for 808, I realized how hard it would be to decide what to get because everything sounded amazing. This is the problem for me and tapas places: everything needs to be eaten. Is this really a problem? For my wallet, yes.I set a bunch of orders in and waited. What I got was "meh" with a couple of "not bads." I'll start with the not bads. There was an equivalent of a typical "screaming orgasm" from any common sushi bar. Not bad. Exactly what you'd expect. There were also some wagyu sliders. Not bad. Not great. Just sliders.As for the "meh" selection - this crab salad they claim is super popular? This dish seems like an incomplete idea. Crab, cucumbers, mango, a couple things I can't remember, drenched in what tastes like Sprite. Way to ruin it. It just got worse with each bite. I really don't enjoy sprite poured over my food. Or how about this baked scallop item. If you've ever had any baked rolls at a sushi place, it follows the same lines, minus rice. Baked scallops and little shrimp in a spicy mayo sauce. Absolutely, positively ordinary. I can't even remember the third item I was going to get to.Half baked with potential is what I'm left with. Service was fine - the owner was friendly. But this doesn't make up for a whole lot of meh.
4	Bookmark Checked!!Met Run Bike Swim Yelper Terri R for a quick bite. We wanted to try something different, something that we both haven't tried.  In other words, get our bookmarks done. Running errands all day and was actually a little late.  Didn't help much that the parking here is horrible.  The parking issues right now is due to recent construction.  Otherwise, I'm usually in and out of this shopping center with the quickness.  Located off Ft. Apache and Sahara. You really can't miss this place since it's right of the movie theater.  First grab of the menu and everything looked good.  You have to remember with any tapas style restaurant that the prices are cheap for mini dishes.  To get the full tapas experience, you have to order at least 4 items from the menu.  Here's what I had:-Miso Soup: Just your basic Miso soup.  Hit the spot for a cold night.  Just wish I remembered if I could have added an egg to it.  -Sliders:  This is their version of beef sliders and man where they good.  You get two sliders with the order and they are pretty big for sliders.  Meat was prepared well and cheese topped it off.  For a slider, it was so juicy and even creamy if that makes any sense.  Rare to describe a slider as juicy, but somehow 808 Tapas got it there. Thinking back..I probably could have downed two more, maybe four. Okay, five.  -Spicy Tuna Crackers:  As soon as I put in this request, I was told this is a great pick. This is basically how it sounds (spicy tuna spread over 2 inches of cracker).  Each cracker was too heavy to eat with chopsticks so I ate them "Hors d'oeuvre" style. I had this order all to myself because Terri R can't handle fish.  Even though these crackers were heavy, the whole order wasn't heavy on the belly and tasted great.  Great taste, less filling. -Drink:  I didn't have any sake. Actually, I didn't have anything to drink, not even water.  I didn't realize it until after we were done eating.  I guess that's what I get for being late.  I didn't try any rolls, mainly because I just had sushi earlier in the day.  I was craving meat and got it. I still need to try other items on the menu.As for the restaurant's ambiance.  Staff was good, but remember I didn't get water.  Besides the parking, everything was good.  It's not the biggest restaurant out there, but it's also not a busy one. Especially for a Saturday night, it looked to be a little slow.  I will be back to try other things for sure.  I just hope they fix the parking lot soon.
4	I have been excited to try this place since they opened. Once the Groupon was available, that mas even more incentive to get me there. We came in on Saturday afternoon for lunch. They offer their lunch specials Monday through Saturday, so we were excited to try one of those on top of the tapas to help us fill up a little better. We tried the garlic chicken lunch, nasu fries, pork belly with asparagus, miso black  cod, poke nachos as well as a few rolls which included the 808 and another one that escapes my mind at the moment. Everything was excellent. We really enjoyed the nasu fries and poke nachos. They had great flavor and texture. The rolls were solid as well. The miso black cod was probably my favorite thing here and I'll definitely be getting that again next time. I can't wait to come back and try the extremely diverse and extensive menu. My fella was concerned that he would leave hungry since it's just little plates, but that was definitely not an issue. We were stuffed to the gills from all the reasonably priced and tasty grub.
4	The 5th Day of Christmas...I met fellow Yelper Mel C. here on Saturday night to get another bookmark done before the world ends this weekend.  First of all, Village Square is undergoing some renovation, which is a good thing, but a really bad thing if you want to park your car.  Half of the parking lot is shut down and the half that's open have the aisles that dead end, so you have to do a 3 point turn like Austin Powers in his golf cart or reverse all the way out like Chazz Palminteri in "A Bronx Tale" if you can't find an open space-if you don't know what this means, never mind.  The bottom line is that you should park far, far away and just walk if you don't think you can find a spot close to the shops.  So, 6:00pm on Saturday night and 808 is not busy at all, which is good for us because we had great service at the bar with some friendly gents.  After starting with your standard miso soup to warm up, Mel and I shared the Wagyu Sliders (one each). I also ordered a Honolua Roll as well as a Crab Stack for myself while Mel had his own food because we don't like to share that much.  Actually, we each have food allergies that prevent us from eating the same things, but it was fine; neither of us needed Benadryl that night.  The Honolua Roll is basically a shrimp tempura roll with cream cheese, something you can find at most sushi places.  The Crab Stack, though, is something that I can't recall ever having anywhere, a light and refreshing concoction of mango, crab meat, cucumbers, tomatoes, and bean sprouts that I loved--I would return just for that dish.  I really wanted dessert, but I was freezing so the apple fritter with ice cream will just have to wait until we come again.
4	This place was alright. I would recommend going on Monday for the all day happy houre. The ceviche was good as well as their rolls. Some of their custom drinks were good but I would avoid the sangria type drink as I think it contains grape kool-aid. Staff was friendly and I would go back to try more of the menu.
4	food was pretty good, little bit pricy, friendly service
4	Love the food.  Ceviche, yoshi roll, and their roll with no rice that is wrapped with cucumber are out of this world.  Many other things I want to try on the menu, so will be back for sure
4	We came here a bit b4 closing on a Wednesday night and used a groupon (20 for 40) to get an 808 roll, 808 dynamite, garlic chicken, poke salad, kahana chicken, and spicy tuna crackers for $5 extra. - 808 Sushi on Durango spin-off :D- 808 special roll: soft shell crab. 8 pieces. tuna topping. pretty small. but that's what they make most of their sushi. Average AYCE taste. - 808 dynamite: shrimp, scallop and mushroom. Goyemon makes it better. Needs more scallop. - Garlic chicken: Spicy. Nice filler and would be great with rice. - Kahana chicken: sweet. Like teriyaki. - Poke salad: Needs more sashimi. Don't taste the 808. Smooshy, needs more plump. Similar to AYCE taste. - Spicy tuna crackers: Unique look. fried seaweed. 5 pieces. Needs more spice. - Great waitress. So friendly. Very talkative. - Great groupon! AYCE taste. Perfect place to come after a wonderful movie.
3	Good food, but the service could be better. They were friendly but considering that they weren't too busy when we came I felt they could have been more attentive with refills. We ordered a few options and I like that they have lunch specials during the weekends. Since they're tapas, the portions are pretty small so if you're hungry, I recommend supplementing your meal with a lunch special as a nice filler. Rolls were good too. We'll be back soon to try some more options and hopefully I can add another star.
5	Heard of this place so we had to try it out. Wow! Great hawaiian fusion tapas. We tried the Uni pasta, the cod roe/bacon skewer, wasabi cracker w/ ahi tuna, and a bunch more  other items. Very good and the portions for "tapas" were pretty decent.. Not like some other tapa restaurants that serve only bite size "amuse bouche" style. You get your money's worth here and the exceptional quality of good seafood served here.
4	Great Great Great happy hour specials.  Super unpretentious.  Helpful.  Didn't feel rushed.  And the food - some of the best in Summerlin for sure.$4 for a huge Sapporo - Yayyy!Pork belly literally melted in my mouth.  Only bad part was that I couldn't pee for the rest of the day since it was so salty.  Mussels had a zing I had never seen in other mussels.  Fish tacos, very different Mexican style fish tacos in the best way.  Garlic chicken was super unexpected.  Not too garlic-y in the slightest, tender, probably calorie ridden - but that's completely ok.  Nasu fries were a simple treat to accompany the rest of the vibrant flavors.  The Lanikai - yumm... should've ordered another.  Definite happy camper.  May have clogged an artery or 2...  But a definite happy camper!
5	Love this place!Happy is awesome. 50% sushi, great menu choices and awesome drink prices.Great place for the keiki's.  My 3 yr old son loves using their chopsticks and his fav dish is the kahana chicken and soft shell crab.Everything is ono here.  Our favorites 808 roll, buta hara, spicy garlic chicken and eggplant fries.  You can definitely feel the aloha here.  Great place for families, date night or hang with close friends.Stop reading this and just go already!
3	Finally got to try the sister property of 808 Sushi and I thought it was pretty good~I think they have Happy Hour nightly from 3-6 which includes half off ALL ROLLS and a couple other items that weren't really that noteworthy.. I thought it was really weird that the hostess podium is further into the restaurant so upon walking in you kind of don't know what to do.. Also they have a large middle table which would be great for large parties but would be pretty awkward for me if I got sat there next to/across from strangers.. We tried:-miso soup- pretty standard.. their bowls are deeper than other places so more soup yay!-ahi poke salad - fresh ahi and I liked the mixed greens.. didn't care much for the sweet dressing.. I will probably just ask for ponzu dressing next time..-garlic chicken HH - same as 808 sushi.. sweet and deep fried.. mmm-fish taco HH - ehhh was a bit bland-Hookipa roll - basically a Tiger roll.. wasn't drenched in eel sauce so i liked it -uni tempura - at $10 i would rather just get it in sashimi or nigiri form... I love uni but this just didn't work for me..-Chef Yoshi's roll - My FAVORITE thing of the night.. jalapeno, yuzu, cilantro, sirracha, yellow tail and shrimp tempura... I will probably be back JUST for this roll alone.. mmmmService was weird at first but then we switched servers and she was awesome. The manager also checked up on us so that was nice.. Tip: If you don't like hearing "mahalo" or "aloha" a bunch of times this is not the place for you LOL
5	Overall this place "ROCKS". Ambiance modern, cleanliness impeccable , service awesome  and of course " the food " is absolutely amazing.  We came here to have something different for lunch & this place just blew other tapas restaurant competitors away. We had order several dishes & the total bill was surprisingly  affordable. I would recommend this place to everybody. Definitely we will be coming for more.30 January 2013- 2nd time around here in 808, they still delivered! Consistency on food as well as in service makes this place very inviting. We enjoy coming here for their happy hour. Ordered several items, licked our plates clean! Oh my so many dishes to try and so little time. Surely, going back again to try more awesome tapas. Can't wait.
5	Aloha! Seriously, If east can meet west all the time, the world would be a better place. I've heard nothing but awesome things about this place had plans to try it out. And then I saw a $20 Groupon for $40 worth of food. You better believe that I got on that faster than Speedy Gonzalez! Be aware though, If you are using a Groupon, you can't use it on happy hour items! Full priced menu items only. But the menu items are decently priced and you'll leave with a full and happy belly for $40 worth. Service is outstanding here. Our server always checked up on us to see if we needed anything else. There was a gentleman that always checked up on us too, I think he is the owner. He told the sushi chef to fix my boyfriend and me Tensai Hamachi Shooters on the house! The hamachi is mixed with a spicy ponzu sauce and some truffle oil. Win!It was cold outside so we ordered some hot tea. You have a choice from the green, apple and mint. My boyfriend had the hot apple tea. Aroma of this one is fantastic and it tastes just like granny smith apples. And now, the food. Oh my my my my! - Spicy Tuna Crackers: Ahi tuna in a special sauce on wasabi rice crackers. The crackers were quite interesting. A zing from the wasabi is a nice touch to the tuna.- Yellowtail jalapeno: 5 pieces of thick yellowtail sashimi in a yuzu cilantro sauce. Garnished with a jalapeno and a sliver of cucumber. The sauce didn't overpower the fish. The jalapenos were really spicy when we went. But nonetheless, this was yummy. - 808 Tapas Nasu Fries: Panko crusted eggplant with wasabi lime dipping sauce. I can have 10 orders of these to myself! Thick eggplant slices, they don't skimp out. Piping hot and the cooling sauce is the perfect combination. My new guilty pleasure for sure. -Fish tacos: Panko crusted tilapia with blood orange slaw. The are $2 a piece during happy hour! Delicious. Slaw is tangy and the fish is perfectly cooked. -808 Tapas Crab Stack: veggies, mango and snow crab in a ginger lime dressing. This was super refreshing. I loved the sweetness of the mango and the crunchiness of the veggies. The server brought this out as a literal stack - all the ingredients were in a tower-like form. The server then mashed our stack into a mixed salad.- Saikyo Zuke: Broiled black cod that has been marinated in miso for 2 days. So flavorful and succulent! - Green Tea Tempura Ice Cream. Deep fried ball of green tea goodness! Served with whipped cream and a raspberry garnish. Perfect note to end the meal. I can't wait to go back! Everything about this place is so good, it makes me want to do the hula!
4	I really enjoyed the food here!...almost everything we had was great!I like the play on fusion tapas, while still putting out solid sushi!  Some of my favorites were the Poke Nachos, Wagyu Sliders,  Hookipa Roll, and Screaming Da Kine!I am not a huge fan of the layout inside.  The restaurant is long and skinny...a little tight feeling...the seats aren't jam packed in here, but it's obvious that seating and serving was the focus as opposed to ambiance...not a place a I want to go for a date...not nice enough to be nice or gritty enough to draw me in..stuck in the middle. Come here for Happy Hour (weekdays before 6pm)Come here with a Village Square Ticket StubCome here for a playful/subtle take on Hawaiian  FusionCome here for solid Sushi
5	Why didn't I try this place sooner!  I was lucky to have been blessed with a Groupon e-mail showcasing this place offering a deal of $40 worth of food for $20!  Most everything me and the BF ate was amazing.  What we ordered:Screaming Dakine (Seared Tuna):  Fresh! Delish! The accompanying red caviar is a huge compliment to each bite.  Definitely a must order!Spicy Tuna Crackers:  Spicy Tuna atop a wasabi cracker!  What a great combination.  This was one of my man's favorite dishes.  Definitely another must order!808 Nasu Fries:  This is actually fried eggplant served with wasabi lime dipping sauce.  This is actually a good combination to eat with all of the other dishes.  Served as if it is a carbohydrate supplement, but really, it's a panko crusted vegetable!  Baked Mussels:  Yum!  Some of the best I've ever tasted compared to many AYCE sushi spots I have been to.  Garlic Chicken: a must order!  I love Garlic Chicken, and boy do they do it right here.  Great flavor, and crisped to perfection.  For a tapa plate, it's a pretty good portion too.Honolulu Shrimp Roll: didn't exactly give us the wow factor on this one, but it was good enough to eat.Black cod: OMG....a must order if you love Butter Fish!  Melt in your mouth type deal, and the slab of fish is defintiely not shady.  I wish we ordered this in the beginning because I would have gotten one each for the both of us NOT to share! haha!We're definitely coming back here!  We love this place!
5	This place is killah!
2	Over hyped. With the groupon, happy hour doesn't apply, but even with the groupon there is no way to be full without spending an exorbitant amount of money for tiny portions. The sea urchin noodles were slathered in oil, the pork belly was good just by virtue of it being so fatty, and they need sauces or dips to make anything else taste good. If you're into the tiny tasters of 'exotic' food combinations and have the money to spend sampling it all, it might be fun, but if you want a real meal there are plenty of other choices around the area.
5	I am an Asian American from Nor Cal spending a few weeks of vacation in Las Vegas.  I got a bunch of Groupons for restaurants in the Vegas area and this was one of them.  I was not expecting much but I was very pleased with the quality of food and service at this place.  The Groupon was for $40 worth of food and I was by myself.  So I got to try four different dishes.  The seared black cod, sushi, tempura, and teriyaki chicken were all very good.  I highly recommend this place!
2	We came here because reviews were great.  We tried 3 things and left disappointed. Tuna tatakI had too much ginger and had a ribbon of sinu all the way through it so the cut was bad. The uni pasta was bland not salted and the lamb lollipops were overcooked. Service was just OK. Will not be back and do not recommend.
4	We had a groupon expiring before we left town so we came here and dragged our friend Heather K. across town to try a new place with us.  The joint has a combination of a high communal table, small tables, and a sushi bar.  We sat towards the back on the restaurant, and ended up with 3 different servers.  All of them were nice but service still was a tad slow considering we had 3 different people helping us.I started off with the tropical cloud saketini - Tyku coconut nigori sake, mango puree, yuzu juice, lime and a li hing mui (salted dried plum) crusted rim.  This was really delicious and I loved the rim too. I happen to like all of those things but after the sake tasting at Social House that I reviewed, I purchased Tyku coconut sake and now know how I can use it at home for my benefit!Eric R and Heather K. ordered hot green tea - the menu has 3 kinds but they were not asked what they wanted, so they got plain.  Eric R. also got the blueberry coconut mojito.  We ordered several items progressively.Lamb pops - tender hunks of lamb in sauce on a stick - very flavorful, cooked just rightSashimi salad - Eric R. ate most of this, but it was mixed greens with salmon, tuna and hamachi in ginger-onion dressing.  The dressing was really tasty.Tensai shooters - special hamachi cuts with ponzu and white truffle oil, cilantro and jalepeno in shot glass - it was very citrus-y so Eric R. who does not like citrus, ponzu or truffle was pre-dispositioned to not like.  I liked it but it was a tad sour.Miso black cod - my favorite of the night - marinated 24 hours in miso, the black cod was tender, flaky, flavorful, and topped with chopped green onions.  A MUST order.Nasu fries - panko crusted eggplant with wasabi lime dip.  Heather K. loved these and I did too, but I was the only one who could handle the dip :)Agedashi tofu - unlike your typical agedashi tofu, this was fried triangles of tofu with the dashi "sauce" on top and mixed shimeji and enoki mushrooms and a dash of green onion.  It actually was very tasty and the tofu held its fried texture well.  I would get this again.Beet salad - mixed greens, red beets, and sesame seeds.  Nothing too special, but it was unique to taste beets with the sesame.Waimea Roll - I added this at the end because it was the first time a long time that I had seen soft shell crab (and salmon skin) rolls with gobo, kaiware, cucumber, and avocado.  The soft shell crab was also not breaded and fried with crispy coating.  I did not share this one, but it reminded me of the spider rolls I had as a kid in Houston.  I got the unagi sauce on the side, and thoroughly enjoyed this since I am not usually a rolls eater whatsoever.Overall, my favorites were the miso black cod and the Waimea roll.  There is a huge menu with so much to try, but with only 3 of us we did devour a lot of items.  The groupon was a good deal.  When we got our check, it was unusually low and I realized we were not charged for a cocktail and an item, so I had to get it adjusted.  That is the hard part for the restaurant when 3 servers are working each table!  I would return even just for the 2 things I really enjoyed, but would be intrigued to try more.
5	Really enjoyed the food . We had the crab stack salad, lamb pops and the baked mussels, which were absolute perfection. The service was great and the ambience, although not the best, was acceptable. I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu...so much to choose from!
4	Everyone that knows me understands that I have to look and seek out good Hawaiian or Hawaii like food, so after hearing about 808 Tapas by Dean Okada, (another Pearl City Boy) I had to check it out and what I found was awesome with traditional Hawaii dishes mixed in with a Spanish flare we experienced a great new place. We had rolls, stir fried pork belly, sashimi Lobster, etc..., but one dish that stood out was the Tensai Hamachi shooter, it was killerz I could have just ate that with some sushi rice. The service was awesome some of the best I have had in Vegas!!! Mahalos to Dean and the crew for taking care of us!!!! You gotta check this place out!!
5	We've been here three times so far, we are definitely big fans. I discovered this place VIA a great deal on a coupon site. It was for $40 worth of food for only $20! Since I'm such a sushi addict, so we figured we would try it. There's a unique-ness about this restaurant. It's Hawaiian/ Japanese fusion. All of their rolls are really fresh. On their special menu they incorporate a lot of Hawaiian ingredients. Their Kaki (oyster) shooters are to die for. They're in shell shooters with a vinegary ponzo sauce, tobiko and onion. Our last visit we tried the 808 sliders--wagyu beef, shatake mushrooms, with Hawaiian ginger wasabi mayo. They were really good, two nice sized sliders per order. They were very filling. After all those rolls, we almost had to be wheeled out of there. We prefer cold dishes so we usually stick with their sushi but it's nice to know that all of their hot dishes are amazing too. Ill definitely post some pictures because words simply cannot do this place justice.
5	This was our fisrt visit for dinner using a $40 Groupon.  It was located on W Sahara Ave/Ft Apache Ave in Las Vegas.  We sat at a regular table toward the back of the restaurant.  There was also a long communal high-top table with stools and a sushi bar.We ordered 5 tapas for the 3 of us:Hookipa Roll (Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, avocado, cucumber, unagi sauce) was beautifully presented.  The shrimp tempura was crispy and it was NOT swimming in unagi sauce.  There were 8 bite sized pieces.Laniki Roll (Salmon skin, kaiware, gobo, avocado, cucumber, bonito flakes, unagi sauce) was one of my personal favorites.  Not every sushi bar serves salmon skin.  The gobo was crunchy, reminiscence of the way my grandmother used to make it.  There were also 8 generous pieces and light on the unagi sauce.Yellowtail Japapeno (Sashimi grade hamachi with a yuzu cilantro sauce) had 5 slices of hamachi on a long narrow plate.  Each slice was topped with jalapeno and cilantro on a piece of cucumber.  The jalapeno had a kick to it.Buta Hara Sautee (Pork belly and asparagus sauteed with garlic sweet soy) would have been good served with a scoop of coconut rice.  The pork belly wasn't as crisp as I would have liked.  The portion was on the small size.  It truly was a tapas. Poke Salad (Marinated tuna with white onions and avocado on a bed of spring mix in balsamic dressing) had a generous amount of cubed tuna.  The dressing was a little on the sweet side.I liked everything we ordered and would order everything again.We would definitely return for Happy Hour which has 1/2 price sushi on Mon-Sat 3-6pm, Fri and Sat 10pm-Midnight.
4	Really liked it! Everything was delicious! Will definitely go back again. Loved the mango coconut cocktail too!
4	Bought a Groupon for this place and sure glad I did!  The cocktail I ordered was delicious~ All the sushi & tapas plates were not only delicious but the presentation was impressive! Service was great! Only downside, they do not have a full bar. Beer, wine & sake only.
5	Yoshi the sushi chef was very friendly and attentive. The drinks were great. My favorite wasthe blueberry coconut sakerito. Great customer service. Will definitely be back
4	Stopped in for appetizers. Liked everything we tried, lamb pops, Konga tempura, albacore twist, and the Haleiwa (marinated tuna with shiso on furikake rice). Food was delivered quickly and in the same order it was given to our server. Fish was fresh; lamb, nice thick cut chunks; spices & sauces very flavorful. There was a small snafu with our drink order but nothing that would take away from the overall dining experience. Definitely worth a return visit....looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.
4	I believe 808 Tapas has been open a few months, so being likely that all opening kinks have been worked out, hubby and I decided it was time to go.  Dear 808 Tapas, you have inspired me to write this Haiku for you.Blinked and food was hereStaff checked in multiples timesFood was delicious
2	We went in for lunch and were the only customers. Bollocks.  Never a good sign.  The were some hits and some misses.  We took the recommendations of the sushi chef.  After all, they should know best!  Hmmmm, not the case.  The crab/mango salad was boring.  The hamachi was fresh but once again, lacked any pizzazz.  The crispy fried chicken was yummy (but that's a hard one to mess up).  My sake sangria was a disappointment.  It had a cough syrup sort of flavor.  The prices were high.  Luckily we had a groupon.  Service was great.  Everyone was very friendly and nice.  Restaurant was clean.  Very strange that they have a long bar with stools facing the wall.  Who wants to dine staring at a blank wall?Bottom line - you may get some A-OK food with nice service, but you can defniitely find better Sushi/Hawaiin fusion for cheaper elsewhere.
5	808 Tapas is my go to restaurant for sushi and raw fish now!  They always have the freshest and most delicious fish and the rolls are expertly prepared.  I recommend to try the 808 Roll and Yoshi Roll.  My other favorite foods are Salmon Carpacio, Poke Nachos, Fish Tacos, miso black cod, and the shooters.   Their lunch specials are also awesome!  I really like the curry lunch special.  It's Japanese curry, not Thai, YUM.  Lots of food, delicious, great price.  My favorite drinks there are the hot green tea and Blueberry Sake Mojito.  I will go to other sushi joints and will be disappointed because they just don't prepare the sushi to the same standards that 808 Tapas does.  The chefs are experts and the servers are very attentive and friendly.  Happy hour is amazing - half price sushi and other hot items!!! 3-6 pm daily.
1	Worst tempura ever!  Under cooked and way too much batter.The slider tasted funny and now my tummy feels funny....
1	Edit (new review)- we USED to go here all the time and it's gradually gotten worse and worse.Tonight was the worst visit by far! The fish tasted disgusting!!! The second we took a bite my husband and I both looked at each other with an expression of, "this is our last time here." ... Such a shame because this place started off great.Old review - So far we've gone once a week! It's delicious! Yoshi makes a mean roll and we love the options! Very good Happy Hour as well!  The 808 Special & the Yoshi roll are amazing!!!!
4	This Asian-fusion restaurant serves an eclectic mix of small plates.  We started off with a crab stack (assorted chopped vegetables, mango and crab enhanced by a ginger-lime dressing) and nasu fries (panko crusted eggplant.  The crab stack (4 Forks out of 5) was light and refreshing while fries were melt in your mouth delicious (4.5 Forks). Our second order of saikozuke (miso marinated black cod (3 Forks) and lamb pops (2.5 Forks) was not quite as good, but still recommendable.  We concluded this feast with dessert -an overpriced banana fritter with vanilla ice cream (2 Forks) and tempura green tea ice cream (3 Forks).  Overall, this was one of the better and more interesting meals of our trip.
4	On this Wednesday evening when I went to finally check out 808 Tapas, the restaurant was not at all busy.  Just a sociable lady at the sushi bar chatting with the chef, and four other tables of twos, and me (but I easily ordered enough for two) at the sushi bar (better lighting condition for pictures).The restaurant itself is simply arranged (a really long table in the center of the room for seating a large party or multiple groups, smaller tables along the walls, and seating at the sushi counter) and decorated. The layout gave it a sense of more space than it physically occupied.There is a happy hour from 3-6pm, which I was too late for. But with 50% off rolls and other items, it is definitely worth checking out.These are the items I ordered to get a sense of their menu offerings:Tensai Hamachi Shooter - $3 for one serving presented in a shoot glass. It was decent.Yellowtail Jalapeno - Good. This is such a classic fusion dish that I don't think anyone can mess it up, as long as quality fresh ingredients are used in its preparation.Uni Pasta - I love uni, but thought the flavor of the pasta was a little bland or not enough uni flavor.  Portion is good.Saikyo-Zuke (Black Cod marinated for 48 hours in miso and broiled to perfection). Again a very traditional item, and has good flavor, just needed a little more time under the broiler or in the oven to cook the cod more and caramelize the miso.Screaming Da Kine - Seared Tuna engulfed in yum-yum garlic ponzu sauce. This is pretty much a contemporary interpretation of the Screaming Orgasm Salad invented by the former head Osaka sushi chef that has already retired. The fish was fresh, but was covered in too much sauce, but others might like it enough to drink.Poke Nacho - Ahi Tuna on top of Crispy Lotus Root Chips.  It was good, but slightly too salty for my pallet. But I bet the poke is just right with a side order of steamed rice.Mentaiko Bacon Skewer - Mentaiko (Cod Roe) spread on Shiso Leaf and Scallions wrapped in Bacon.  Recommended. If you are the DIY-type, this is how you build it  from the inside out are green scallion, mentaiko spread on shiso leaf, and finally wrapped in bacon.Food:  3.5/5  Some good items worth coming back for, while others need better execution in the hot kitchen or minor tweaks to the flavor profile/balance.Price/Value:  3/5  Average for this type of restaurants.Service: 4/5  Friendly, efficient, no complaints.Ambiance:  4/5  Parking:  4/5  Plenty, except when there is a good turnout for the theater in the same strip mall.3.5 stars (rounding up to 4 stars)
5	Found the place the other day, I'm a sushi lover together with my wife, so we always look for a place to come back to, and this is definitely one of them, especially because it's across the road from my house, that's a number one. They have the best Happy Hour (50% off any rolls), from 3 to 6 everyday, that's a number two, and, they play Reggae music, which is totally unique for a sushi place, but actually pretty relaxing and good for a company of friends.The server was extra nice, didn't keep us waiting to order or get the check. It's located on the right from the Movie Theater, and if you just watched a movie, bring your ticket in and looks like they give you a 20% off your entire order.
1	First visit. Last visit. For starters the sushi chef left the doors to the refrigerators open. Big no no. Chef slapped a wet towel down and shot wasabe all over my girlfriend. Didn't notice and therefore couldn't apologize. Hamachi shooter was a pain in the butt to eat and not worth the effort. The ponzu sauce was way too strong, and they put it in everything we tried.  Salmon carpaccio, pass on the dish. The onions inside too strong and the salmon was still a bit frozen.  They charged $4 for a pot of green tea that was made from a tea bag. The freshest thing we had was garnish.  Staff is cool and hip, but way too concerned with being cool and hip to provide actual service.  When you have an "open kitchen" concept, maybe teach the chef to not eat food with bare hands out in the opened while preparing other food.After $30, we left and went to have dinner.
2	No UNI? What's up! Maybe I should have called first?  So no UNI. We ordered all the happy hour specials. Nothing special lack of flavor. The funny thing is it was me and my wife with baby. Waitress brought all of the dishes at once. TIP of the day! It won't fit on the table. My Thai wife was like how did this place get 4 stars?  The chicken at Costco for $ 5.99 is much much better. We won't be back for the 808 treatment. Maybe the owners on vacation? To many other nice sushi restaurants out there to go here.  P.S. buy some pictures for the walls.
5	Love the lunch menu :) especially the sushi combo, it's surprisingly filling!
4	Thanks to a recommendation from fellow Yelper and good friend Bev, we tried out 808 Tapas tonight.  We started with the 808 ceviche - fresh and delicious.  Next course were the eggplant fries, crispy and served with a tasty dipping sauce.  The crab stack was presented beautifully and we promptly destroyed it.  Yum!  The Yellowtail with jalapeno and the shrimp rolls completed our wonderful dinner.  Looking forward to trying more of their dishes in the near future.
5	This place is great and affordable! Every dish I ordered was great, we will be back.
5	We came here because of all of the Yelp reviews and we were not let down! If I could eat here every single day, I would!!!! The best food, the best food, the best food. Oh my God, try the sliders. Everything we had was delicious and we were stunned at how incredible the food was.
2	I can't imagine why so many people have rated this place to highly.  Mediocre at best.  Don't waste your money or your time.
4	Ate dinner here last night for the third time. I really enjoy their food! The chefs really get the flavors right on and the atmosphere is nice. My only complaint is my table ordered three saketinis which were never delivered... If I was the manager of this restaurant I would ensure my customers had their alcoholic beverages taken care of considering it provides for the largest profit margin in many restaurants.
4	Decided to try somewhere new for dinner...so glad we chose this place. It was a little far but who doesn't like an adventure? Came here on a Saturday night around 7 pm and surprisingly, it was empty. The hostess was very nice and seated us quickly. As for the food, here is what we ordered:-beets salad: I love beets! I always have. There were chunks of beets marinated in a sweet sauce and placed over spring greens. It was super refreshing and had a good crunch! Probably my favorite thing!-soft shell crab: typical of what a soft shell crab appetizer should taste like. Fried, crispy, seafood goodness, but nothing that blew my mind.  It came with a side salad topped with a ginger dressing. The dressing was a little heavy for what ginger dressings are supposed to taste like. -808 ceviche: chunks of seafood mixed with mango, onions, avocado and cilantro, served with taro chips. The seafood was not fishy at all and the mango added a nice tang to it. The chips were crisp and not hard. The sauce they used was light, which was enhanced the seafood flavors. -lamb skewers: this was not my favorite. It was way too chewy and salty for my taste. I know that lamb is supposed to be a bit chewier, but this was just hard to eat. -kaiser bowl: sushi roll filled with snow crab and yum yum sauce, topped with ahi tuna and chunks of mango. I only are two pieces because the tang of the sauce was a little too sour. I did eat the tuna and the mango chunks on top though. After finishing these dishes, we were still hungry and ordered more -eggplant fries: fried eggplant!! I get worried about places that fry eggplant because it tends to come out soggy. But not here!! It was crunchy and not at all greasy. It was served with a side of wasabi lime mayo, but it was too overpowering for the dish. I just dipped them in soy sauce and was happy. It reminded me of my childhood when my mom would make fried eggplant:)-808 sliders: mini burgers topped with marinated shiitake mushrooms and Hawaiian ginger wasabi mayo. By the time this came out, I was too full to indulge in it. I took one bite, so I can't really give a fair judgement to this one. I'm sure if I wasn't so stuffed I would enjoy this more. The staff was so nice and made sure our waters were always filled. They were helpful with the questions we had with the menu items. There was no rush to pay the bill. Good experience overall. I'm sure when I come back to this side of town I will be back.
2	If it was just about the food, I'd give 808 three stars. But dining out is much more than just food, it's also service and ambiance. To be fair, I've eaten here three times. I didn't review it before because I had pretty much stuck to the happy hour menu (which is quite extensive). Until I'd tried the regular menu, I resisted the urge to Yelp despite my sub par experiences.The menu looks great. It has a good variety of sushi and seafood dishes as well as things to please regular carnivores. But in reality, the food is just OK, and for the price I expected a lot better.Food issues: I've tried a few of the chicken tapas and have found them all quite bland. Many of the seafood dishes and sushi come with either citrus sauces or their house ponzu, both of which are far too acidic and burned my mouth. I had the salmon trio which came with a miso sauce that was sickly sweet. This place is also very heavy on the raw onion in many dishes, which I'm not a fan of. I didn't enjoy any of it. The highlight was the nigiri, that's hard to mess up.Service:Each and every time I've visited, the place has been almost empty. Yet, there are numerous staff on shift that seem incapable of providing any service at all. The servers have no clue about the menu and I ended getting something that I had a food sensitivity to, despite letting the server know I was trying to avoid it. The server was completely inattentive and spent most of her time gossiping with her coworkers. I had to order at the sushi bar because she never came around to check on me after my initial order, or take any of the plates I'd finished with. I also never got my check, I had to go and pay at the front. Bad service is a deal killer for me, especially when the food is nothing special. Lastly, 4 bucks for green tea? Extortion. Most places give that for free. I won't be back and I can't see this place lasting long, especially since there's better places just up the road. If you've bought a Groupon, best use it soon.
3	Tapas are the perfect solution for those who eat small portions and want to avoid taking food home. Curious about Asian-influenced tapas, three of my friends and I decided to try their happy hour to enjoy some 50% off rolls in addition to the small dishes.Their steamed mushroom trio had a light, flavorful vinegar soy sauce that really complement the fungi and fish. Listed as nasu fries, their fried eggplant was perfectly crisp and not greasy. There are a few dishes which you could do without trying like the salmon carpaccio, which was just onions wrapped in thinly sliced salmon. If you want sushi, you'd be better off elsewhere. The rolls were fine and fresh enough, but weren't outstanding.Considering that the restaurant was about half full, the service was a tad slow. I had ordered a roll a little while after we placed our full order, and it came out before one of the items we initially ordered. Perhaps they were understaffed for that time period, but it was odd to hear that the kitchen staff was backed up.Nothing ventured, nothing gained right? Thing is, there was nothing special about 808 Tapas.
5	Finally decided to try this place last night, went for happy hour at around 9 pm. The happy hour menu is really good, 2 dollar fish tacos, the 3 dollar garlic chicken is incredible, and all sushi rolls are half off. Plus good deals on drinks as well. The sushi was very good, well prepared, fresh and tasty. Like I said the garlic chicken was also reallly good too, and the mussels were great and only 5.50 for a decent sized portion, next time I go I think I will try more of the tapas than just getting sushi. Only complaint is that they need to get a couple TVs on the walls so you can come here to watch a game, etc. Definitely would help the atmosphere IMO
5	Love this place. Definitely top 3 foodie spots in Vegas! Great dishes, fresh fish, great music, friendly atmosphere, and love the sushi chefs creativity! If you haven't made it here, GO! Happy hours are awesome here. I am a regular as long as I love in Vegas.
4	Great food, great service, FRESH FISH! some of the highest quality fish I've come across for the price.
4	After a day of shopping, I was starving and I wanted a variety of small bites but wasn't really feeling Spanish tapas so, we ended up here.  There were plenty of tables available last night.  You can sit at the bar, tables for 2, tables for 4-6 or the high community table.  We chose the community table even though it was just me and my friend.  Since the friend had a heavy lunch, we got a Makapuu Roll, Uni Tempura, Tensai Hamachi Shooters, 5 pc Sashimi, 808 Tapas Sliders, Pork Belly Skewers and Garlic Chicken.Tensai Hamachi Shooters: We got 2 shooters.  The hamachi was fresh in a tangy ponzu sauce with white truffle oil and a thin slice of jalapeno and roe on top.  Excellent layers of flavor and texture. 5/55pc Sashimi:You can choose from tuna, yellowtail, halibut, octopus and super white.  We got tuna, salmon and yellowtail.  Very fresh fish in generous cuts. 5/5808 Tapas Sliders:2 sliders of Wagyu beef with marinated shiitake mushrooms and Hawaiian ginger wasabi mayo served with a side of fried taro chips.  They were alright.  I was expecting more wasabi flavor to shine through but it didn't happen. If you've tried a burger from Jollibee, you've pretty much tried these sliders. 3/5Uni Tempura:3 pieces of Uni wrapped in shiso in dipped in tempura batter then deep-fried, drizzled with spicy mayo and topped with orange caviar.  Comes with deep fried grape tomatoes. I like uni but I can't figure out if it was right to deep-fry it.  It was tempura with just a hint of uni...it was still good. 4/5Makapuu Roll:The menu says sauteed rock shrimp with garlic, seared USDA beef, fried onions and spicy ponzu. But they changed it.  It now has soft shell crab and a different smokey tasting sauce instead of the rock shrimp and ponzu.  4/5Garlic Chicken:This was an afterthought but ended up being one of the highlights of the meal.  The chicken skin was lightly breaded.  The meat was tender and juicy but fully-cooked. Fried to perfection and has good flavor.  Slightly sweet but the garlic taste was faint though.  Think milder version of BonChon chicken. 5/5Pork Belly Skewers:Another afterthought but this one we probably should've skipped. I don't like the idea of a light-colored pork dish on a skewer.  It lacked color and flavor.  They  could've rendered this a bit more. 1/5The service was good.  It was Wine Wednesday and glasses of wine are 50% off.  Sadly, they didn't have the ones I like so we didn't get to partake in the wonderful that is Wine Wednesday...we ended up at a liquor store nearby.
5	This was my second visit for dinner using a restaurant.com coupon. They were located on W Sahara Ave/Ft Apache Ave in Las Vegas.  I sat at the sushi bar since I was dining alone and it was brightly lit compared to the tables against the wall.I ordered 3 items:Salmon Sashimi ($8): 5 slices of salmon sashimi on a bed of shredded daikon and shisho leaf.  Yum!  The presentation was really pretty.Ahi Poke Salad ($6.50): Ahi  tuna in special sauce with fresh greens, white onions, kaiware and avocado on in balsamic dressing.  I've had this salad before and enjoyed it again.Asari Sakamushi ($7.50) Fresh manila clams steamed in sake.  There were about 15 manila clams.  There were some pieces of broken shell, so I had to be careful when biting down.I really like this place and I'd like to come back for lunch or Happy Hour.
5	Oh mah lord, where do I begin. Over 9,000 stars if I could, I LOVE THIS PLACE!Service: AMAZING. They're not your typical waiters/waitresses/chefs and etc. For one, they talk to you like you're a human being and not like someone they want money from. I've never met anyone unfriendly at this location or 808 Sushi. Two, they remember you! It's like going over to a friend's house for dinner and catching up on gossip or something. Three, free food. Not saying that they give this out freely, but half the menu I salivate over is because they've offered me a free sample to get me hooked. Just the customer service experience alone is worth 4,000/9,000 stars.For the remaining 5,000+ stars...The food: So. Good. They serve food that I dream about the next days/weeks/months after. My favorites are the UFC roll, nasu fries, yoshi roll, 808 ceviche, tensai hamachi shooters, crab stack...I could go on.Definitely try it out for yourself if you haven't already!
5	Nice food with a Hawaiian/Asian tapas theme to it. Great location and service. Ordered the poke nachos, garlic chicken, fish tacos, baked mussels and bacon wrapped cod skewer for a total of $30. Obviously not too pricey. Went on a Monday night, so we'll be back for the alcohol version soon:)
5	I love this place!  I found a $40 Groupon today and bought 2 of them.  The Groupon was what originally brought us in the first time back in March.  We sat at a table toward the back.  The lighting was much brighter than the first time we came.We ordered 6 tapas for the 3 of us.808 Ceviche ($8): rock shrimp and bay scallops served with taro chips.  This was one of our favorite tapas.  It was so pretty the way it was presented with the taro chips surrounding the cocktail glass.Salmon Trifecta ($4.50):  3 ceramic spoons with miso marinated salmon and seaweed.  This was a very tasty bite.808 Tapas Dynamite ($7): a ceramic dish of baked seafood mix and mushrooms in a special sauce.  The sauce was just a little watery, but the flavor was good.Shrimp Curry ($7):  Japan style curry served with 3 tempura shrimp over a scoop of white rice,  The tempura shrimp were moist, tender and crisp. There were a few potatoes, carrots, and scallions in the curry.Spinach Tako Salad ($6.50): sliced tako with fresh spinach tossed in a miso dressing.  The tako was over grilled and a little dry.  My friend really liked the miso dressing.Kalbi Short Ribs ($8):  Korean style marinated barbeque short ribs.  There were 8 thick pieces sprinkled with scallions on a bed of shredded cabbage.  Tender and not too fatty.  This was some of the best Kalbi I've had in Las Vegas.  I would order the Lunch Special of Kalbi the next time I come for lunch.I would order everything again except the Spinach Tako Salad.They need a website with a menu.  They do have a Facebook page with a menu, but it's small and hard to read.I will be back!
4	I always wanted too check 808 Tapas East-West Infusion since fan of 808 sushi. I know the owner the same guy, heard great things, and know comes too hitting it on point with the 808. 808 truly takes you back home too da islands. WInnah!I was meeting up with some friends. Service great on point all night. The first impressions of the restaurant is really nice not so much open space area. Still good variety of seating from long stool tables front of the restaurant, tables towards the back, and decent size sushi bar area that fits over ten or so people. I ended up sitting at the sushi bar area once friends showed. I LOVED it the whole time hearing local Hawaiian music. I was thinking hearing bruddah Iz over sushi, hanging out with friends, talking stories, and good food it exactly local style from the roots. The menu got too love the fact they have shaka signs for the more popular dishes on the menu. The menu is good size two pages, great variety of dishes, and not just all sushi. Since with mini group great got too try few things on the menu. The main things I ordered was the garlic chicken, waygu sliders, poke salad, and ended with yellowtail jalapeno. I got too try bite of friends ceviche, uni pasta, sashimi, and couple rolls. Not too go into details of everyone because reviewed. The sliders come two per order but easy could have had six be in sliders bliss! The waygu beef was amazing! I loved fact cooked perfect, moist, and the mushrooms cheese on top all came together. True 808 form came with taro chips. I love taro chips more cleaner then potatoes, less greasy, and nice crispy. Poke salad not only poke solid. Enjoyed the fact came with decent amount of organic greens and great dressing tossed in. Tapas never know the portion size going too get from dish too dish. Most part all the dishes I ordered and the ones friends ordered decent size. The yellowtail jalapeno. The five star dish for me!! The yozu sauce on top with thin slice of jalapeno on top each piece. The sashimi grade quality fish. Amazing. The quality of all the fish here was nice, fresh, and ranks up near the top of my favorite sushi spots in vegas. The garlic chicken loved the sauce it was in and chicken pieces fried perfect yet moist and juicy meat on the inside. Since mini group enjoyed that more then willing do separate checks for people. Sure place that pan on coming back because SOOO much more of the menu that want too try.
3	Would only go with a Groupon. For the price, I definitely know of better places in town.Got 5 tapas with a dessert. Lamb pops, ceviche, poke salad, buta hara sautee and the crab stack. For dessert, tempura green tea ice cream.Lamb pops were definitely the best; tender and flavorful. Everything else was good, but not great. Very attentive service.
4	I always go to 808 Sushi so I decided to have a Fridate Night with my main squeeze here. :) Very simple decor inside. Different vibe from 808 Sushi. The hostess desk is further in so don't be too confused when you walk in. Just keep walking or just stay by the front door & they'll seat you. Lol. Wait was about 30 mins for us even though there were a lot of empty tables. Not sure what the arrangement or process of seating people is but oh well.. Oh & expect to be served by at least 3 different servers since they're all very helpful. Owner was our main server, always a nice guy. I always see him at 808 Sushi but he probably didn't recognize me not wearing my scrubs. Haha.Anyway, here were our orders:Lycheetini-- Very sweet, subtle lychee flavor. Delicious! It's their special!808 Tapas Sliders-- Comes with 2 juicy, moist, flavorful burgers & chips. The sauce on the burger was a great compliment. Whatever it was, it was delicious.Kahana Chicken-- Tastes just like any other Teriyaki Chicken. I should've skipped it. I was gonna get Garlic Chicken but I always order that at 808 Sushi so I wanted to try something different.Spicy Garlic Edemame-- Spicy with actual chili flakes. I prefer Island Sushi's though because it has some sauce with it but this is one is just chili oil or something.Buta Hara Sautee-- Pork Belly & Asparagus. It was pretty good. Sauce is common though, like I've had it before. Nothing special but I liked it.Saikyo Zuke-- OUR FAVORITE!!! BEST FREAKING MISO COD EVER. Melt in yo' mouth! 'Nuff said.Poke Salad-- Boyfriend LOVED the Poke and I really liked the salad that came with it. Dressing was a bit too sweet but, it was a good start to our dinner.Honolulu Shrimp Roll-- Shrimp & Crab mix in an egg roll/lumpia form with sweet chili. Genius.Green Tea Ice Cream Tempura-- Big portion, esp after a big dinner. The tempura batter immediately came off the ice cream but it was very yummy.Apple Fritter-- Apple egg roll/lumpia with vanilla ice cream & caramel sauce. Simple enough.We pretty much went all out because it is probably our first and last visit here. Food was delicious but non-lunch & non-Happy hour prices are a little high.  But overall, it was a good dinner!
4	Liked the food & service a lot. It's tapa style so portion tends to be small and $ adds up. Order some rice so u will feel fuller.  My favorite is the bite size lamb chop.  Wish I could have a full plate of it. Also loved their rolls, especially 808 special and UFC. Highly recommend the black cod.  Don't forget to find Groupon b4 u go!
4	Happy Hour: 50% off rolls, $3 garlic chicken, $3 spicy garlic edamame, and $5 tempura rock shrimp salad. Yum!!
4	Great food, generally good service, at least for lunch hour. Some plates took awhile and katsu was a little greasy but overall a good experience even with three little ones in tow.
4	one of my favorite place for sushi and tapas, got to know this place via a groupon, what a great find... My fav dishes are shrimp curry, 808 ceviche, the kalbi ribs(very tender and yummy) one of the best I have had in the las vegas area,, sashimi salad(a generous portion of salmon and tuna)..One of the least favorite item off menu  is the lamb pops, as I expected to see lamb chop  on a stick, the lamb meat was over cook(as I prefer med. rare), just too dry and no garnish, very boring look. Have not tried dessert, but looks good from what I have seen from other patrons who have ordered it. service is top notch, sometime there is a wait for table, even though there were some available in front of the hostess stand????will be back....
4	Got the groupon. $40 worth of food for only $20. I thought I like tapas. I like Asian and Hawaiian cuisines. I might as well give this place a try. The garlic chicken is delicious. First place that I can recall that uses chicken thighs, but that just adds more flavor. The fish tacos are excellent despite being topped with cilantro, and the short ribs? In the words of George Takei, "oh my!" The restaurant lost a star because twice they forgot to place my requests for menu items, but I will be back.
5	This is the best Hawaiian style restaurant I've eaten at outside of actual Hawaii. Everything we ordered was delicious: the miso cod, sushi, and sliders.
5	First, I'd like to thank all of you for your reviews. My wife and I took your suggestions and made it a point to go to 808 Tapas on our visit to LV (we're from the SF Bay Area). WE WERE NOT DISAPPOINTED!! First, we used a Groupon, which was graciously accepted. Then we ordered the Kalbi short ribs (awesome), 808 Ceviche (really good), Fish Tacos (awesome), Garlic Chicken (good) and the Crabstack (awesome)....You will enjoy each of these dishes. I'll let you read better descriptions of each of these in the other reviews, just know that all were very, very good. In full disclosure, I gottta say the 808 Ceviche was very tastey, but could've used some "kick". My wife and I like a little spice, and the ceviche didn't have much. It WAS tastey and the taro chips that came with it were very good and a great accent and contrast to the ceviche. My wife liked the Ceviche, fish tacos and Kalbi short ribs the best and I thought the crabstack and ribs and fish tacos were the best. Oh, you gotta order the crabstack. It was light and full of flavor. It comes with a spoon, but using the taro chips (from the ceviche) to scoop the crabstack was even better!! To finish off the meal, we ordered the green tea/tempura ice cream. This too was awesome. Oh, the presentation of each dish was top notch.  We went on a Monday evening at 8 p.m. and it was fairly quiet. This allowed us to chat with both waitresses who offered suggestions and doted on us (and the other patrons too) which made us feel kinda special! Oh, we did order a lot for two people and were able to bring home in a doggie bag to enjoy the remainder of the meal the next day!Man, I'm glad we went to 808 and I plan on coming back the next time we're in LV.Note: 808 Tapas is closed on Sundays. We found out the hard way.
4	If you've had tapas, you know what to expect here...bite sized portions, decent prices, and good food that adds up quick!We tried quite a bit of food while we were here :Sashimi 5 pieces:  We tried the Ahi, Sake, and Hamachi.  Surprisingly good quality here!  Buttery smooth and tasty....yum!  This was the highlight for me personally...maybe I'll do a sushi bar night one of these days.Tensai Hamachi Shooters: Hamachi, Ponzu Sauce, White Truffle Oil, Jalapeno and Roe. Loved these! A little bit of everything...sweet, salty, spicy and fragrance with the Truffle Oil!  A little addictive, but we managed to keep it to one a piece lol.808 Tapas Sliders: Wagyu Beef, Marinated Shiitake Mushrooms, Hawaiian Ginger Wasabi Mayo and Fried Taro Chips. These were pretty juicy and yummy!  The portion here is good filler too...share your other slider to save room for the rest.Garlic Chicken: Lightly Breaded Chicken Skin, juicy insides, flavorful with a hint of Garlic. Pretty good!  Uni Tempura: Uni wrapped in Shiso, Deep Fried in Tempura Batter with Spicy Mayo, Grape Tomatoes and Salmon Roe. These weren't bad...only a hint of uni taste though. I think the batter hides the flavor.Makapuu Roll: Seared Beef, Soft Shell Crab, Fried Onions and Spicy Ponzu. Not bad..not a big fan of rolls or beef in those rolls, so you might like it.Pork Belly Skewers: Pretty sure these were not fully cooked! The meat/fat ratio was off as well, and it was a bit chewy vs melt in your mouth Pork Belly. Skip these. Atmosphere is good, clean, and service is friendly.  It was almost empty when we came here, so that's one reason I was so surprised of the fish quality.So some hit and misses but overall pretty good.  They seem like they have deals going on from time to time, so time it right and head over!Pics :
4	I've only been here once..but I had a great experience eating here and will probably come back. my cousin has been coming here frequently so took the drive from green valley on 8-27-13 around 5pm for happy hour..drinks: we had the happy hour large beers ($5.00)  we had Kirin and Sapporo. both were ice cold food: we ordered a bunch off the happy hour menu- the fish tacos- excellent for just a couple of bucks nasu fries- i guess they are like deep fried eggplant..they were so good we had two orders of these.spicy garlic edamame- they were good garlic chicken- probably best thing on happy hour menu...we had a second order of these as well.we had a few sushi rolls..all tasted fresh and presented well.service: excellent. all three servers on duty came around and checked on us..listened to some great island tunes in the restaurant..i think they need to add a TV. it would be a great place to watch some sporting events.price: happy hour 3-6pm..all items on the happy hour menu were priced well..definitely coming back.
5	I've been to 808 Tapas many times now but owe it to them to add a review finally.  I first tried this place (not knowing it was the same guys as 808 Sushi) after finding a groupon.  Where to start?Happy Hours every day that they're open, check for specific times but half price sushi rolls is all you have to know.  Consistently fresh food, tons of options for every palette, you'll have to go a couple times just to try everything that looks good!  See if the Super White sashimi is available.Hot and cold items, sushi rolls and sake.  Friendly service, never had to ask for my drink to be filled, servers are very attentive and on point.  Sushi chefs very helpful and easy to talk to, everyone in the place seemed to be having a great time.Check out this hidden gem, you won't be dissapointed!
5	We came on a Tuesday night with a $40 Groupon.  All of the tables in the back were full, so we sat at the end of the high bar table since there were 3 of us.We ordered 6 tapas and asked the server to bring them out one at a time.  She did just so and the timing of each dish was perfect.  If we did not ask for this pace, all 6 plates would have been on our table at one time.We ordered:  Spinach Tako:  This was the second time having this dish.  Again the tako was dry and chewy.  The miso dressing was good.  I would prefer this dish with some bay shrimp or some other seafood.808 Ceviche:  Our absolute favorite.  We must order this every single time.Buta Hara Sautee:  The pork belly was a little fatty.  Again we had to ask for a serving spoon.Honolulu Shrimp Roll: This came out hot and freshly fried with a sweet chili sauce.Kalbi Short Ribs:  6 thick tender pieces on a bed of raw shredded cabbage.  My favorite Kalbi in Las Vegas.Shrimp Curry: 3 shrimp tempura on top of curry and a scoop of rice.  This dish could have used another scoop of rice.We enjoyed everything and will be back.
4	Hamachi Shooters, Kongo Tempura, Garlic Chicken & Spicy Tuna Crackers to start. ALL Delicious!808 Special- Spicy soft shell crab, spicy tuna, unagi sauce, spicy mayo- FAVLanikai- Salmon skin, kaiware, gobo, avocado, cucumber, bonito flakes, unagi sauce- I CAN LIVE WITHOUTUFC- Cubed assorted fish with spiced furikake, shrimp tempura, avocado, cucumber, red cucumber- NEW FAVAnother awesome run at my local sushi spot except for the service tonight. It was a little slow, which is why I had time to do this review while waiting for our rolls. See you soon 808 tapas!
5	I adore this sushi restaurant. I can come with friends or come alone whenever I please & always feel welcome. Employes are very kind. Always great service & amazing food. My dad showed me this place when they first opened & now I'm happy to see them busier & busier every time I come in.
5	Ummm.... YUM!!!! This place is fantastic.  I don't know how they manage to always group fantastic restaurants in the same shopping plazas around here, but it does not make me sad at all.  Came here for happy hour on a Friday and got a table in the back.  Tried 4 different rolls, all at half price, and they were awesome.  I would especially recommend the Victorino and the UFC rolls.  I also got a 24 oz beer for only $4 and the spicy garlic edamame was KILLER!  I will definitely be returning and think you should do the same.  Happy hour goes until 6pm and starts again at 10pm.  You won't regret it!
4	I have been on quite a few occasions since my initial review and the good thing is, things remain consistent here at 808 Tapas. That's definitely a good thing. Quality, presentation and service are all on point. Service is always incredibly friendly and accommodating. Some of my favorite dishes are the poke nachos, 808 roll, nasu fries, kalbi, garlic chicken and miso cod. Everything else that I've ordered has been solid as well. Even better, they often offer  Groupons and other discounts through restaurant. com. Definitely a safe bet in the area for dinner, happy hour or lunch.
5	One of the best places I've eaten at in Vegas.
5	This place was absolutely superb! The atmosphere does not really match the level and quality of food they have waiting for you. I think this us only my second or third review as I always check yelp for advice I am hardly so overwhelmed with a place that I need to take the time to review. That being said run do not walk to this place! If you like raw "sushi" style with an amazing twist (not just rolls) then get here tonight. We sat at the Sushi bar and Hardi was an amazing host and Sushi chef. We didn't even look at the menu. Asked for his opinion the entire way and kept asking for more more more! Raquel recommended a sake and I don't even drink sake but she was spot on with it.  The presentation of everything was great and you must try the Shooters! These are not to be missed! Order one or a bunch but I promise you have never "shot" your food before but after these you will be forever changed. The beer is ice cold with glasses to match. We ordered at least 8 dishes with bottle of sake and beer. I don't remember if it was happy hour or not (doubt it) but our total bull was $89 for 2! This place is right around the corner and I'm ashamed to say I've walked by it almost weekly due to it looking "meh" in decor. Goes to show you to don't judge a book by its cover. Tuna crackers, Shooters, fried eggplant, fish tacos...I'm loosing track. Get there ASAP!
5	We tried this place from a GroupOn offer and...WOW.  Great food at excellent prices.  We had three dishes and all were excellent., and the wine pour was generous.  The service was very pleasant, and the decor nice.  They have a sushi bar, and a loooong communal table as well as tables for 2 or 4.  The menu is extensive offering both hot and cold dishes.  The location is next to a Regal Cinema so its a great location for dinner and a movie, with lots of parking in a huge strip center at Sahara & Rampart.Prices are not cheap but very fair especially considering the food quality.  There was not a hint of fish smell so everything was super fresh.We will be back soon!
3	This place was tried as we love Sushi and have heard good things.  I bought the groupon, we had some free time so we said why not.  This is more of a sushi place with a few extra items than a tapas place.  The service was excellent as she constantly was attentive and very pleasant demeanor.  I got the ceviche and the tuna sashimi.  The ceviche was pretty acidic without much other flavor, the shrimp, scallop and mango flavors didn't pop like they should.  The tuna sashimi was fresh and good which you would find at any sushi restaurant.  He got the 808 roll and the miso soup, the roll was his favorite.  We shared the lamb pops and they were just cubes of lamb on a toothpick and it wasn't tender it was quite chewy.  There was more we wanted to try but it was all fried.  So I guess for a quick bite if you are in the neighborhood, its in a great shopping area and it would be a good quickie for sushi before or after a movie.  So the location gives it kudos as its prime, but the food is average and not my fave sushi spot.
2	Service was atrocious tonight! Won't be back during dinner ever again. Not sure what is going on but this is ridiculous. Both waitresses we're rude and very inattentive. Had to wait for refills on drinks and about 20-30 minutes for them to pick up the check. Horrible experience.
3	Wow!  Stopped in for lunch.  Yea happy hour prices.  Garlic chicken & Rock Shrimp salad.  YES!!!  The salad is unbelievable.  Go after 3 it is worth being hungry.  I do feel that the waitress spent a lot of time with 2 know it all women.  They ordered like a plate at a time with questions & requests.  This was distracting and kept the waitress from helping others.
4	tried this place out of curiousity and they had a groupon which is a good deal :) sushi's bomb!
5	If you are looking for fresh and tasty sushi and fusion cooking then you have hit the proverbial Las Vegas Jackpot. Great Groupon too! Hard to say anything negative about 808 Tapas other than I am full and can't eat any more.
5	I go here at least once every 2 weeks, and find the food very tasty and usually presented nicely.. The kalbi beef ribs a must, also the fish tacos... I do indulge one cocktail and enjoy the 808 lychee martini.. Best to past on the lamb pops, just a  one chunk of lamb cube on a stick, dry and chewy.. The sashimi salad comes with plenty of sashimi. Yes lots of rolls are or has deep fried tempura or deep fried crab, but a lot of other sushi places I have been too has similiar type of sushi rolls.. Best deal with a groupon, which cannot be used for happy hours, but FYI happy hour menu is slightly different... Service is usually prompt, small place, so big parties usually get the high top table, which is bad for elderly and/or handicap unaccessible.. FYI 808 ceviche, needs a small spoon to scoop out the mango, shrimp  goodness, besides using the taro chips it comes with..
5	The food here is the BOMB! We had to force ourselves to stop ordering! The garlic chicken, hamachi shooters, and wagyu sliders are definitely a must! Prices are an unreal deal, especially from being from Hawaii ourselves. Owner is local, and knows the deal...!
5	One of the best tapas sushi place ever.Every dish has it own delicious flavor, generous portion and everyone is very nice.    Will definitely come back every time we're in Vegas :-)
4	One of the best tapas sushi place ever.Every dish has it own delicious flavor, generous portion and everyone is very nice.    Will definitely come back every time we're in Vegas :-)
2	Food was typical of what you would find in a fusion place. Nothing brilliant unless you are new to some of the dishes or asian food. Went during lunch with a coupon.Customer service was alright, except the manager made some fuss about the coupon, something that wasn't explained clearly on the promotion. Somewhat pricey without a coupon. Will not return.
5	Oh my gosh! Yum! Yum! Yum! Never been there until tonight with a groupon. Service was great and the  food came out quick and delicious. We ordered sushi, poke salad, fish tacos, fried tofu, and Honolulu rolls. I also liked their saki martinis (which I've never had before). We ordered some seconds. Great place and we will definitely be back. Hit the spot!
4	yum! the larger groupon here was worth it with our little party! ambiance: 4 - The location is small and intimate. There is a long, rectangular table in the middle in which they either sit a huge party or several little parties. they sit many groups there because it's just so dang huge. service: 5 - The servers were really attentive and funny. they refilled our drinks constantly, and our server was even kind enough to add up our bill along the way to make sure we didn't surpass our $80 groupon bill. They were very personable and made jokes all the time! it just makes your day!! food: 4 - the food was high quality and pretty cheap for a ton of dishes, but I have to give it a four because the taste was alright. Everything was cooked fresh and to order. I do have to give a special shoutout to the garlic chicken and hookipa roll! yum yum :)tapas is a really good way to not break your wallet and still be full. however, I can't tell you what we ordered because we got so many dishes. the desserts are not that special; pass on them!
2	I had high expectations for the place after checking it on Yelp but came out very disappointed. The pictures on Yelp make the food look much better than it actually tasted.  Went in with my daughter for the first time and ordered several tapas (soft shell crabs, beef short ribs, dynamite shrimp, spicy tuna crackers, sushi dish (yoshi chef, was tasteless). Their 808 Ceviche lacked flavor with barely any shrimp in it. Miso soup was good. All the food was served successively but waited for the last tapas (lamb lollipops) about 15 minutes after we were done eating and were equally disappointed with it. For the money we paid, there are so many better places where you can savor and enjoy the food. A one-time experience for me, that's it.
3	Groupon crowd tonight, including us lol. Our first time trying 808 tapas tonight. Compared to Setebello next door, 808 wasn't as busy but enough people were dining in to keep the staff busy.We ordered the 808 ceviche, 808 sliders, UFC roll, and manapuu roll. The food was good, but similar taste to what we've had before.. Nothing stood out as amazing.The staff was friendly and the restaurant itself is clean but plain decor. I don't know if I'd come back, since it's pretty far out from my side of town (their sister restaurant 808 sushi is much closer).. Maybe I'd come back for happy hour as I don't think the 2 sushi rolls we had were worth the $15.00 price tag each (had we not used groupon).
5	We ordered 4 items and they did not disappoint. We ordered Crab Stack (highly recommended), UFC, baked mussels and Hookipa roll. We will definitely come back.
4	A clean-cut, hip type establishment in a shopping center hefty with numerous options of good eats. 808 may not stand out much in this strip mall loaded with numerous eating options, but it should not be over-looked.The establishment itself is decently sized with a temporary design. The bar is situated to the right hand corner, while dining areas are around the left side and in the front of the restaurant. Service was on-spot while my friend and I dined here during a not-so-busy afternoon. In fact, we were the only patrons the entire time we were here. I assume this place gets busy in the later hours of the evening.The menu is pleasing, with an extensive amount of tapas and sushi to choose from. Lunch menu items were somewhat of a disappointment and did not entice me. Instead I chose from the main dining menu.808 Ceviche - Definitely not like any ceviche I have had, as this ceviche was not made entirely of fish, but small pieces of rock shrimp and scallops. There was way too much corn in it and too much lime. It was not really ceviche in my opinion as ceviche should be primarily fish (or whatever seafood you're using), this was not. Although the taro chips served with it were tasty.Banzai Pipeline - Basically their version of a rainbow roll. Although very good, and a nice assortment of fish, A+ on presentation and tightly wrapped rolls.Dynamite - A seafood mix with mushrooms and special sauce. I've never been a huge fan of this type of dish, but it was decent.Octopus Salad - Probably the best dish besides the sushi. A very lefy green spinach salad topped with a yummy good helping of octopus and a nice, light dressing.Overall I think this place is a great restaurant to visit. Plus, the menu leaves me desiring to come back and try out more options. Good job!
2	If you like spending a lot of money for little bites of flavor this place is for you!  The tiny morsels are delicious yet expensive. Great if you are rich.and on a diet, otherwise you will leave looking for someplace to eat.
4	The 5 and 21 piece sashimi is sublime. loved all the recommended rolls here.  I didn't have a bad roll.   Very cool place, great service, only ding I have is its a little boxy in there, the place just isn't as warm as it could be, but the good news is its not the food or service, that's 5 star.
1	The food here is great, but the service is TERRIBLE.  I have been there twice, and the first time I figured the poor and rude service was a fluke so I didn't write a review.  Well, we gave it another try and again...TERRIBLE service.  The waiter acted like we were bothering him, and walked away before we even finished talking.  We waited 15 minutes for our table, which I wouldn't have minded, but the hostess said they had a table almost ready for us when we walked in.  It took forever to get our bill (hand scratched on a notepad), and we were overcharged for our drinks.  Happy hour prices are awesome and I really do like the food, but because of the poor/lazy/rude attitudes of the wait staff I will not be coming back.  The bus boys were very on top of things, but without a better trained wait staff I don't see why people would come back.  Check out Firefly on the same block for even better food and fantastic service :)
4	Good food at reasonable price. We actually enjoyed some of the cheapest plates like the pork belly w asparagus and the garlic chicken. Ask for a small bowl of rice to complement the dishes. Both less than $5. Black cod and hamachi shooters were also good. Crab stack was not great. Had a weird tangy taste that we wouldn't get again. Service was average, not too helpful or attentive but not terrible.
5	This place is soooo good and price are very reasonable!! I came in with my mom. We ordered the sashimi platter and it was presented in very beautiful and tasty. The sashimi were fresh and large cuts! The only thing I didn't like was the straws for the drinks it's got white powder on it. I mentioned to them. They said it came with like that. ????? Ugh... That's okay. I'll drink my own bottled water.Overall!! The food was excellent! Service was fine too :)
2	I went here with the high hopes that it will be my new favorite place since there are great positive reviews about it.. sadly, my hopes were all shattered :(Service: if I could give a negative star, I would.. we were seated right away at the bar.. but then, it has been 10 minutes at least, and no one had taken the initiative to give us a menu or offer a drink.. my boyfriend end up getting a menu himself up front. After that, still nothing. So I asked the chef on the bar ( I think hes the owner too) if we should be ordering from him. He said "no, its not my job, I'm not a waitress" .. I was shock! I work in a hospitality field too and its one of my pet peeve.. to hear someone say its not my job -- most especially if he indeed is the owner.. its a sad culture he's promoting among his colleagues.. the service until the end is terribleFood: *crab stack - is ok. Nothing special about it*salmon carpaccio - ok. The fish is really fresh thoug* yellow tail jalapeno - ok. * poke salad - edible. I've had better ones* garlic chicken - good! Flavorful and really tender inside but crispy on the outside* fried Cali roll - ok* green tea fried ice cream - ok* food presentation is great!I wish I could give this place more stars. It has a lot of potential for greatness but in my opinion, customer service is where the heart of every business is.. and this place is lacking that. Will I be back? Maybe maybe not.. but I will definitely not go out of my way to dine in here again.
4	Everything is OK, prices are reasonable.  I think most of dishes are much sweeter than authentic Japanese style to me.  It is very casual place, it might be fun to come here after the long day to have fan.
4	Food was really good, service was not so good, but they were really trying and were friendly. Seemed to appreciate our business and were sorry about wrong food brought to our table. Would recommend!
5	This place has such a great variety of food and is so reasonably priced. They're late night happy hour on sat is much appreciated. My boyfriend and I will definitely be back and for people who like ceviche you should try Chef Yoshi's roll! We planned on having left covers so we ordered the garlic edamame, steamed muscles, victorino roll, banzai pipeline (very refreshing), chef yoshi's roll, and the honolua (better for a sweet tooth but still delicious), and Sandy's roll. Also the rolls are all of a decent piece count ranging from 8-12.
5	This place is so awesome, it has great service awesome chefs and delicious sushi keep up the awesome work, service and sushi
5	I recent found out about this place and I am so glad that I did. Their service is great as well as the food. I got the garlic chicken and it was perfection. I've never tasted chicken like that before. I would definitely recommend anyone to try out this hot spot! :)
5	I love this place!I'm from Hawaii, so I love Hawaiian-fusion restaurants.I also like the fact that they offer unique menu items that most other restaurants don't have, like the makapuu roll, mentaiko bacon, honolua shrimp eggrolls & lamb pops.Everything that I've tried so far is super delicious, especially the mentaiko bacon & lamb pops!The service was fast & friendly & they were very attentive.They have happy hour from 3-6 pm, I think.They also have lunch specials.They play local hawaiian music over the speakers.I will definitely be coming back!
4	This was a great stop after a movie.  We got in late enough that it was happy hour, and their tapas style menu was perfect for munching on.  Some notes on the items we had:* Spicy garlic edamame - nothing fancy here, just edamame tossed in some spicy garlic chili sauce, but it worked* agedashi tofu - probably not a standout dish, but I really like agedashi tofu in nearly any form* tempura - we liked this one a lot; nice and flaky panko as opposed to the dense, almost batter like stuff you'll get most places these days* fish tacos - again, a nice, flaky panko crust topped with a decent slaw, jalapeno slices, and a sprig of cilantroNeither of us was feeling like a roll or nigiri at that point - definitely looks like fusion style with the sushi choices, with lots of modern flair.Overall, a pretty rad happy hour, and I want to go back and explore their menu further.
3	My Groupon was about to expire so I finally decided to pay this place a visit. The best items were the ones with bold flavors, with ingredients that mask the quality of the fish. The hamachi shooters and spicy tuna on crackers were a perfect example of that. The fish in both were overpowered by the seasoning and sauces but both were enjoyable. The kalbi ribs were rich and sweet but also very oily. The sushi and sashimi were the weakest items due to the chewy and tough texture of some of the fish. The sinew in the tuna was rather pronounced and made it tough to eat. Not sure I'd come back and chances are if I am back in this strip mall I'd hit up Settebello or Bachi Burger instead.
4	Great place good vibe good food good service.  Really laid back with awesome food.  Very neat flavor combinations  Worth the visit.
5	Originally we came here to use the Groupon offer but instead participated in the happy hour, 50% off sushi and some select tapas on special. The food and drinks were delicious and a nice refreshing twist from the original. The servers were a bit slow due to the restaurant being packed full of people but they were still extremely friendly. Definitely would recommend this place for an early light dinner!
5	I'm a real big fan of Tapas style foods. & this place is by far one of the best I have ever been too. Their portions aren't as small as some tapas places like Fireflys. The quality of food is better too.They have the best sushi I have ever had. I am not a big sushi fan so that's a lot coming from me. The staff is extremely nice and tentative. They constantly check on you but not overly bother you.They have happy hour 9-11 on Fridays and Saturdays. Also 3-6 Mondays-Saturdays. Half off most sushi rolls! You really can't beat that!!
5	This place was amazing! The chef and staff was really great! We had a groupon(my coworkers and I) and we live on the opposite side of town. Gave it a shot and I'm glad we did. Food was on point, it seemed like everything we ordered was flawless. Their happy hour is quite awesome as well. I'm coming back here again soon.
5	My fiance and I decided to visit vegas. Since it was a last minute planning, we decided to try out specials in Groupon. And then we found 808. Our new spot. It's definitely a must have food place.
3	I've been wanting to try this place for months! I finally made a visit last night. I wasn't sure if I created my own disappointment (gauging from all the good reviews) by hyping it up for all these months, or if my tastes are just shifting?It's first come first serve seating in a quaint little space. They have a "family style" high table in the middle, a few two tops to the right, and some 4 tops in the back with a bar. The atmosphere was nice.This is what was ordered: The crab stack, ceviche, the 808 special roll, the makapuu roll, baked mussels, steamed mussels and a white peach sakeria.The ceviche was the best, in my opinion. The crab stack was good, but the sauce that's with it was a little weird, it is just a ginger lime sauce, nothing out of the ordinary. It just must of not paired right on my palette with the other flavors of the dish.The sushi rolls were good, my fave was the makapuu, it was a take on surf n turf, with seared beef on top of the roll. But still, its sushi and most rolls taste similar, so it's easy for them not to stand out.The baked mussels were ordered first. Baked mussels have to be my most favorite thing in all the lands. But not these. They tasted like bacon.. I know, how could something that tastes like bacon not be fantastic?! Probably when its seafood and topped with wasabi caviar. Also, the texture was off, I'm not sure if it was the wasabi caviar or the mussels that were crunchy, but something definitely was. The steamed mussels were way better, but still, something with the texture of them were off. Flavor was on point however.I definitely think it is a place to try at least once! Like I said, my tastes may be changing or I hyped it up to much, but I just wasn't impressed. I may go back after awhile for happy hour, that way I don't waste my money on something I'm not completely satisfied with.
4	Trying new places can be exciting or scary. I hate getting disappointed and left feeling in a state of regret. Trying this place was a delight. Really decent food. Flavorful and decent service. Nothing was bland. 808 special, dynamite, eggplant, and garlic chicken well worth it and its close to home. Will definitely come back!
4	It's a small restaurant right next to the movie theaters, bar seating and little tables for couples, and one large table in the middle for party sized groups. I'm not a big sushi fan (I'm super picky) but the 808 Special was simply delicious. It's got crab meat and an unagi sauce and a little crunch to it that was perfect. I also had the miso soup with clams and loved it, much better than most miso soups I've had at Japanese restaurants. Best part was dessert; tempura friend green ice cream drizzled with chocolate sauce. Prices were good, but we had a Restaurant.com gift certificate and it was very confusing trying to figure out how to use it. Turns out you can only use a $15 certificate per meal, but you have to spend over $22.50 to use it. The service wasn't bad but the servers definitely didn't seem like they were loving their jobs. I honestly felt a little rushed, like they just wanted us to eat and get out of there, even though it was Friday night and the place wasn't packed. So aside from gift certificate issues and some lackluster service, the food is great. I definitely recommend the food and am completely in love with that tempura green tea ice cream!
4	D~E~L~I~C~I~O~U~S!!I've come to 808 a few times and each time the food is amazing.  The staff is always friendly as well.  If your on the west side I would definitely come in for a bite!A few of my favorite dishes...Garlic ChickenChawan MushiKaki ShootersPoke NachosHamachi Shooters (are a MUST)and lots of great rolls!
4	I love the chicken curry katsu and the fact I can do lunch for $12.
4	Went in with a groupon on a Saturday evening and was not disappointed. Not sure about the prior reviews for this place but the service was great despite it being somewhat busy. I guess it was busy that day because they ran out of white "sakeria" so we opted for the red. I am not the biggest fan of sake but it was decent. We ordered various things but the HAMACHI SHOOTERS!!! So yummy. They actually ran out when we ordered another round. We also had the delicious nasu (eggplant) fries, salmon trifecta (yum), pork belly and garlic, garlic chicken, poke nachos and yellowtail. All in all, the food was great and quick to order. The setting is very casual but there were plenty of groups seemingly having a good time.
3	My boyfriend loves it here better than the one on Durango. I'm not sure which one I like better but there is a big difference! The prices is probably a dollar more here than at 808 sushi. The California roll and the garlic chicken is made differently. The Cali roll here; is made with real crab! I also tried the UFC roll. It's okay. The reason why I put three stars is because the customer service for me wasn't that great. The waiter only came once to take our order (my boyfriend and his mom) and she never even took my order. She just walked away fast. (Weird, right?) It was a full house and we were all the way at the back of the restaurant so we couldn't hunt down the waiter. Because no one came our way. My boyfriend had to ask the chef behind the bar for my order.
1	Service can define a place. And how we were treated by one lady in particular I don't think I could come back.From the get go I could sense how cold and un-inviting she was toward us as she said you guys here just for happy hour!? (This wasn't the first time here, and it wasn't the first time I got bad vibes from this lady either) But my family loves it and I didn't want to let bad vibes ruin it for everyone. Plus the other servers are very warm and welcoming.The waitress I'm referring to is Japanese I believe, short hair wears a hat and  pig tails-  it all started with her tone when she greeted us then sat us as if we were bothering her. Then she disappeared to cater to another couple at the sushi bar. Overhearing her telling this couple normally we can't combine groupon with happy hour but for you I will, I thought hey they will honor this for us too!Nope, not for us! We tried, I explained I heard you just a moment ago honor it. She rudely replied they are from out of town ill show you the check it was only $20 and rolled her eyes at me. So because they are white and from out of town , it's ok? Preferential treatment at best. Because we look poor or something? We came 4 times in the last month and tip 20-25% so why was she so rude? Prejudice?? Clearly, if she used her brains it would be more advantageous to treat "regulars" right and offer preferential treatment to them but she allowed her prejudice nature to get in the way. I felt so unworthy after this meal and am still in disbelief on how cold , callous, unwelcoming people can still hold jobs as servers.That's not all, we have called twice leaving our phone number for the owner to call and have not heard anything back but "he's unavailable".Thank you 808 for making us feel like worthless patrons just when I was starting to really like this place too!
1	Ate at 808 Tapas tonight....What a sad disappointment. The Ahi Tuna Poke was very good. (how can you screw that up really I mean anyone with a cable channel can make that)The Wagu Beef Sliders (yea right) were served well done.  May as well have went to McDonald's for better quality beef.  (so bad....so pathetic) The fish tacos seemed frozen. When I asked where the fish was from I was given a species that doesn't exist. I then asked which water are they from - Pacific or Atlantic they asked "what do you mean" The Pork Belly and Garlic dish....(whew roll the dice fellas) You don't want to know.   Yeah you do - Imagine huge chunks of large asparagus with little tiny bits of what you hope is pork belly smothered in a brown garlic sauce.  bad really bad. THEN......They front of the house manager brought out the mop bucket and began to mop around our table. Employees like to laugh and carry on without regard to their surroundings.  Poorly managed and overall poor food.
1	Went to this restaurant a couple weeks ago due to the Groupon which we thought was a great deal. From the minute we were seated and they were made aware that we have a Groupon deal, the waiter snatched the regular menu away and said we couldn't order from this. No big deal, we know Groupons are sometimes limited. But then to ignore us throughout the night to where I have to stop 4 different people to refill my glass of water. Maybe it was the service we were receiving but we did not enjoy the food either. Tasted frozen and had that "not so fresh" fishy taste. Anyways, sad to say, we will not be coming back to this place. Money is better spent elsewhere...
5	Went there last night with a Groupon. They were very slow but it was a Monday night around 8. Only 5 other people there so service was good. Waitress came by very often to refill water. We sat at the bar so that made ordering much easier. Chef at the bar was great too. He gave us two sample items the 808 special and some firecracker thing.  I would go back for sure.
5	I love this place!! Food is delish and we still get to see our fav people!
5	Wow! This is a great place tucked away in a large shopping center. The staff is excellent ( thanks Julie..!) and the tapas - wow. I was very impressed with the blend of flavors and colors. Spot on with the lamb pops - a tricky piece of meat to cook and not ruin. Taro chips even. Didn't think I would have those on my plate. The sushi is solid, straight forward and well prepared. Cocktails are large and balanced. Try a bit of everything here, its worth the adventure.
5	Food and service is outstanding! Julie rocks! The lamb pops, spicy tuna crackers and wagyu sliders are really tasty. Will definitely be coming back. Their happy hour is from 3p-6p.
5	Came in here with a groupon on a Saturday night and got seAted right away . The chef at the sushi bar was very friendly and the waitress was very attentive . The food was very very good !! I was also pleasantly surprised at the size of the food portions, especially for tapas . We will definitely be back !
5	Nom. Nom. Nom. BEST sushi place I've found so far!  Good size portions. Scallop roll was AMAZING with the freshest scallops I have ever eaten at any sushi restaurant.  Nice staff.  Yummy miso.  Great appetizers. Only visited because I had a Groupon and now definitely will be my go-to sushi place.
2	Not a fan of this place at all. The only thing that I can recommend is the crab stack salad. Delish! Stay away from the short ribs!!! Fish tacos just okay. My hubby liked it but it wasn't for me.
5	Love this place. Service is very good. The spicy tuna crackers are amazing. The Wagu beef sliders are also fantastic. Ahi Tuna Poke is also good. Sushi is solid and well prepared
2	I came here with a groupon. The place is alright. Typical Japanese fare, but grossly overpriced in my opinion. Food was usual. Ordered a crab stack, uni pasta, UFC roll, salmon collar, and miso cod. I didn't really understand why they had to mash up the crab stack for me. It was a perfect stack when it arrived at my table, then the waitress proceeded to mix it all together. I could've done that myself. But instead there was a ruined photo op. Sure now I know to say that for next time.. but I just don't think I'd come here again anyway.
4	Crispy garlic chicken thigh.. shut up!!!; as the old adage goes. Don't judge the chicken thigh by its looks. One bite and you'll be addicted.
3	I came here on Monday to celebrate Father's Day. My brother recommended this place. We went during happy hour, nice happy hour selection! A lot of rolls to choose  from. I also liked the Hawaiian fusion they had to their food. However, maybe it was the day, but I thought the fish could have been fresher. I also ordered the fish tacos which were good but  I was not expecting them to be fried. Therefore, I would also suggest adding fish tacos that do not have fried fish to the menu.
3	It was just okay. We came here for happy hour and were surprised by the lack of people inside. The happy hour menu was very limited and we were underwhelmed with everything that we ordered. It wasn't terrible just wasn't great and we were expecting great food based on reviews and articles written about the restaurant.
5	I  this place! The staff is friendly... the food is delicious... and they're always playing the jams in here! Sliders. .. garlic chicken. .. n sandy sushi roll are my fav!
5	Quick service and friendly staff! Me and my friend came here for a late lunch on a Saturday (around 1:20) and it was empty except for one table. Naturally I would expect fast service when there were fewer patrons and that is exactly what I got. It seems like their happy hour is all the time which is pretty great. There were about 10 rolls on the happy hour menu which were all half off. Me and my friend each got one and they came out very quickly. We also ordered a fried chicken dish as an appetizer. It didn't look like much but man was it juicy and full of flavor. We literally couldn't stop talking about how flavorful it was as we were devouring it. We weren't that hungry so we shared a chirashi bowl for our entree. The rice was perfect and the sashimi tasted very fresh. Near the end of our meal, the owner himself came over to fill our waters (or at least I think he was the owner..I could be mistaken) which I thought was nice. Overall great experience and will be coming back soon to try more dishes!
4	Munching away on some Taro chips and having a few rolls.  Gonna try the Kaiser roll now.  Mmm! Great food and staff.  Its also great to see the place busy. Seems the word is getting out. S
5	If you like tapas style dishes with a Hawaiian flair, then 808 Tapas is for you. They offer a variety of hot and cold dishes as well as sushi. Service is always great and don't forget to check out their lunch and happy hour specials!Favorites include:Snow crab with mango, avocado, tomato and onion (formerly the snow crab stack) - light and refreshing with a slight citrus flavor 808 sliders - beef sliders with mushrooms and taro chips (awesome!!)Poke nachos - tuna poke on top of lotus root chipsSpicy garlic edamame - the name says it allKaiser sushi roll - imitation crab roll topped with raw tuna and mangoTonight was probably our 10th visit (maybe more) and the menu has changed slightly. Most of our faves are still there, but they did remove the tako karaage :(
4	Great flavors! Fresh ingredients! The spicy tuna crackers were fabulous! The cracker has a great flavor & texture & tuna was quality. I don't recommend the Korean short ribs, kind of fatty. Happy hour is half price sushi, which is slightly overpriced to start but the quality is pretty solid so I don't mind it. Good service & atmosphere. I would recommend this place for sure.
5	They changed their menu slightly.They don't have mentaiko bacon or lamb pops anymore. I was very sad to hear this because they were delicious!I don't think they have lunch specials anymore either.But the other stuff on their menu is still super yummy!And the service is great as always!
1	Overall: -4.5/5Food: 3/5Service: -5/5Management: -3/5Food: 2.5/5The food was mediocre, the portion is small.  Typical Americanized Japanese food.  Sorry, the tuna natto was below standard in Japan. Service: -5/5The waitress was rude!!! My friend walked in before I did, she said the first thing the waitress asked her was if she was going to use groupon?   The wait staff immediately removed the special menu and the happy hour menu.  Towards the end of the meal, the waitress came and claimed to clean the table until I noticed that she was touching my wallet!?  WHAT THE #@!@|||....!!!!!???When confronted, although her mouth sound out she was sorry, but her demeanor said otherwise. Management: -3/5Anyone who runs a successful restaurant will tell you that they need to be fully stock before Friday ( because of the weekend crowds).  We attempted to order soda.  Sorry, no fuzzy drink on a Friday afternoon at 1:30pm!?  This only reflected 2 possible scenario:  1. Lack of training on staff.  2. Lack of inventory experiences.Either way, both reflected badly on management.  To allow a rude waitress in staff and lack of inventory before catching the weekend wave.   Final thought:It would take a lot of convincing for me to come back here.  There are plenty of good food out there with great service in Vegas.
1	Decided to try this restaurant with my lunch buddy after few geoupon's ads. I walked in first, sit down with 3 different Menu, waitress asked me if we going to use coupon? I told her my friend may have groupon, I'm not quite sure. Right away she took "lunch menu" and "happy hour menu" away from me. I asked her to give back the menu, cuz I'm not sure which one we going to choice from. She looked at me and gave the menu back, but keep remind me, you can't choice these menu if you use coupon. I really not happy with that kind of attitude as my server, somehow I think she is the only server  who works there today.We ordered 808 sushi roll, fried tofu, and friend shrimp salad. First 2 dishes were wonderful, shrimp salad were so so.After we almost finished the food, lady came by try to take the empty plate. This time she grabbed my friend's cell phone wallet and put it on the side to reach the paper underneath. My friend got really upset, she told the lady please ask first  if she wants to touch customer's personal item. The lady didn't apologize but argue she just touch a little, not grabbing it........ Bluh bluh bluhAnyhow, food was great, service need lots of improvement!!!!!!
4	Solid HH specials and fresh fish. This place is convenient to my work and offers 20% off with a ticket stub from the nearby theater. Can see this working for a meetup with friends or an early date night thing. Regular prices aren't bad but if you're coming for sushi, I wouldn't come outside of HH as most rolls are half off then and portions are fair.HITS:Hamachi shooters- not sure how I'm supposed to eat this but flavors are good.Garlic chicken- so fresh, so flavorful! Good with a Sapporo.Rolls- 808 special, Victorino, and Banzai Pipline in order of preference.MISS:Fish tacos. It's just $2 and two bites, but was virtually tasteless compared to the other items. Missing something, needs a sauce or something acidic besides a squirt of lime juice. Drink menu also offers several creative fusion options including sake mojitos, martinis, and sangrias, available individually or by the pitcher.
5	We love this place!!!! Every time we come here we are never disappointed, the food is unique such as the spicy tuna crackers which I've never had anywhere before, some of our favorites are the garlic chicken and  saikyo zuke which is black cod marinated in miso and broiled to perfection and perfection it is.... soft and buttery and melts in your mouth.  The staff is great and the music is very Hawaii-ish so I feel like I'm back home,  thanks 808 for a great meal every time!!!!
5	Checked this place out tonight with a group of 5 friends. It was great all the way around. Everyone enjoyed the food and service. We tried a bit of everything. The rolls were great, the sashimi appetizers, the kobe beef sliders all high quality. The garlic chicken was probably the best thing. Would recommend and will go back.
1	The service wasn't great. I ordered iced green tea, and I was served hot tea with a glass of ice that melted and watered it down quickly. The catsu, not great. However the softshell crab was good. Wont be going back..
1	The atomospher was okay. The service was above average. The presentations was good.the flavor  was good. Now the only problem is that 30 minutes later i got very very sick. After getting food poisoning I called to let the manager know. I was not only upset about getting food poisoning but upset with the way she handled the matter.  I have been in the buisness and k ow the importance of handling seafood and guest concerns. Abviously this company does not have the same buisness practices.  I would have to say. A big NO on this place.  While the other person i went with did not get sick. I myself will not be able to eat tuna ever again.  BEWARE
4	I have never written a review for yelp, although I use yelp all the time. I had to write in because I eat sushi at least once a week throughout the valley and this a favorite of ours. We demand fresh and it always is. The tuna on wasabi crackers are something I crave in the middle of the night, seriously. It makes me sad that diners haven't enjoyed their experience here because we always do. Friendly, attentive servers each time and I wonder if the people that wrote in with negative comments may just be unfriendly or difficult to please. Always enjoy the 808 roll, sea bass, garlic chicken and short ribs, as well.
2	Probably wouldn't have gone to 808 if Bachi burger was full.  Maybe it was authentic Hawaiian but we just prefer the real deal.  Didn't really like the poke dish with lotus roots under it.  Korean Short Ribs were way too salty and the shrimp spring rolls were nothing special.  Not our favorite sushi place.
5	Been coming here since they opened and it's outstanding. It's sushi and tapas with a Hawaiian twist. I always order the sliders, 808 Special and the Ali'i roll (formerly the Chef Yoshi roll). I also suggest the pork belly Skewers and both deserts. But my absolute favorite dish is the Spicy Tuna Crackers.
4	My first time and I love it the salmon trifecta is the best. Sorry I can't take a picture as soon as I see it I have to eat it.
2	Another mediocre sushi place. Tastes like Americanized sushi. Everything was too salty or too sweet. Meh.  Decor was like a low budget neighborhood place.
2	It's been so long since I've been here I could not remember if it was good or not so decided to give it another shot. So we went for happy hour to give it a shot. The cooked food was too salty, the rolls were nothing to brag about. I definitely won't be back for a third time!
1	Really didn't have good service when me and my friend went to try it since it was near our area. The waitress took our orders, but never delivered one of the dishes we asked for. After when we got the check we were charged for it, so told them it was never delivered so they took it off. Overall the food was mediocre. Don't think I'd ever return here.
1	Just ate  here and I or we(family) will never come back. We wanted to try the place for the first time because it's close to our house. We were greeted as cheap people "do you have coupons today?" At the door...What helllllll??  Garlic chicken was horrible, even my kids couldn't eat it.  Fish taco was mystery meat??? Rolls are ok.  Pork belly is all fat!  We had to go to Chicago brewing to finish our dinner... But then again don't take my word for it, try this shit place out and see for yourself...
5	Yum yum and more yum, tuna crackers (fresh raw tuna on rice crackers), mackarel and the fish tacos were the highlight. Not crazy about their soft shell deep fried crab (I like white meat only) or their agedashi tofu (I am native Japanese sot his is completely Hawaiian style)I am definitely going back for more, the prices are fabulous, the portions are generous and the owner/staff was exceptionally nice (like most Hawaiians that I've met) They have this wonderful sugar scrub complimentary in the restroom =)
5	I've been to this place about 4 times in the last month alone and bought the group on for $22 for $40 worth of food....and that is a hell of a deal for what u get... Without the groupon it's still a great deal for the quality of food they serve... The tapas are mostly good sizes..the chicken katsu was very good!! Love the pork belly skewers and the rolls are Sooo good!! I've had pretty good service every time, food very quick and fresh!! This is like my new favorite spot! Miso soup and seaweed salad really good here too!!
3	I have had this place bookmarked forever, so last night we decided to cross it off our list. I remembered seeing Groupon offers for it in the past, so I checked just before we walked in and score! $22 for $40 offer, done!I was really surprised that on a Friday evening, it wasn't packed at all, in fact we had our choice of tables. We were promptly brought out menus and water, and I had a good feeling. We selected several dishes to get started - edamame, garlic chicken, ceviche, sliders, short ribs, and bacon wrapped asparagus.The ceviche came out first. It was presented nicely but there was weren't a lot of shrimp and scallops in it. The taro chips were good. Next came the garlic chicken, it wasn't what we were expected, it was described as crispy chicken thighs, but it was almost like chicken pork rinds, just deep fried pieces of chewy chicken skin, it was unappetizing. The sliders were great, as were the short ribs and bacon wrapped asparagus (we each got an order which was 1 skewer). I LOVED the edamame. I could have just gotten my own order of sliders and the garlicky, chile covered edamame and been quite happy.Why 3 stars? I would have given 4, but after we finished eating, we were totally ignored. At least 3 staff members walked past us while we sat waiting at our table, and no one checked on us for 20 minutes. My husband was going to order a sushi roll, but by the time someone finally stopped (we had tried to flag someone down), we decided we were ready for the check. If we come back we will sit at the bar so we aren't stuck waiting.
2	I went back today after originally rating a 4 for good food, reasonable prices an fast service. My first trip I hadn't eaten all day and stopped on my way back at about 5pm and was served my first order within minutes and was done with the meal in probably 20 minutes.  (I like small plates so i only ordered 2 things)Today's experience was the same in terms of food and service.  I sat at the sushi bar, was promptly handed a little tray of ginger and wasabi and my order was taken as fast as I could decide and ready in about three minutes.  All good and I especially like they don't overload the sushi with rice. (eel was particularly delicious!)  Here's the problem... when the check came I looked at the bill and way below everything I actually ordered which was written neatly on the top was a $5 charge for the ginger and wasabi... hidden neatly under the pocket that held the bill.I can describe this in one word "Cheesy"This is the kind of thing that will stop me from coming back.I
3	So kudos for the restaurant writing me back exploding the extra $5 was for something clef "ginger sakeito" and not the ginger and wasabi....  But the bill said ginger and I'm assuming that's a drink... And all I had was water ,
5	Obsessed!!! We live a mile away and finally decided to try this place, now I'm mad I didn't try it sooner!!! Fresh fish, great service! Everything we ordered came out fast, looked amazing and tasted soooo goood! Hamachi kama was perfectly cooked, it was juicy and flaky, good size too! Garlic chicken was packed with flavor. All of the sashimi and sushi rolls had nice sized pieces of fish and were put together with care. Waitress was on point and super nice. I will be going back to this place frequently!
5	I think you should be open on Sundays!! It would be great for lunch... We came here with a group on and it was well worth the trip. The snow crab salad with the lime vinegraitte and the garlic chicken.. which I might add was crispy and lightly breaded at the same time,  did not have an overpowering flavor. These were a perfect pair with the Kirin beer . Its well decorated and great for groups that can order a little bit of everything and share.
4	Good food with a good price (at Vegas). It's a about 15mins away from the strip but it's worth the drive. We had about 8-9 dishes and 2 cocktails for lunch and the check comes out to be under $70. Wo-ho! Would definitely be back.
4	Been here on multiple occasions and I enjoy the place. Simple rolls that are good and the happy hour is always awesome. Would be 5 stars is service was better.
5	First timers.the menu is really interesting and the food does not disappoint. In fact we got so into it that we forgot to take pictures. Looking forward to returning since there is so much more to try. Sparse decor but don't let that fool you, service was great, music was good and sushi awesome.
3	At one point during my meal, my friend pointed out, "I don't get what is 'tapas' about this place. It is pretty much sushi." Truth.The good news is that it has an extended happy hour means most of the sushi rolls are $5 or less. I had a sashimi salad and a bowl of rice. (There is no brown rice.) The dressing was delicious. It was a ginger, citrusy blend with lots of crushed black over pepper. I poured it over my rice and ate it with the fish. We got a bunch of rolls to share. They were pretty standard, nothing too amazing. The roll with yellowtail was a tad sweet. The rest of the menu items were skewers and typical things you would find on an izakaya menu.
4	We liked this restaurant! Even though, the big criticism on Yelp is that the name does not fit the menu. It is really a sushi restaurant, with the word Tapas in the name. And, honestly that is true, this detail is a misfire. We did go in hoping for a combo of tasty asian style small plates, and maybe a bit of sushi. It would seem to me making a simple non-sushi menu with the existing sushi ingredients would be relatively easy. A small daily menu of "Asian Tapa" style plates. But always easy for me, a customer, to say. :-/Once we realized it was basically a sushi restaurant we went with it, because we do love sushi. We ended up doing was a couple of sashimi salads, a couple rolls, edamame, and some miso soup. Everything was fresh and tasty. Is it the best I have ever had? Probably not but it was really good, & would I go again, absolutely. The menu is very affordable, and food really fresh. A great combo in my book!The staff was extremely friendly, the cozy dining room had activity, but was not packed.
1	I normally tried not to leave 1 star review, but this restaurant left me no choice, service were terrible, I went there with my girl's friend, since we sat down, waitress brought us 2 menus but with very sticky face like we owe her million dollars. We had questions about the coupon from Groupon, she just took 1 of the menu away and said, you can't pick from this one. So rude rude rude.The dishes we received are pretty delicious. but the size were small. So if you come in to try, make sure you bring enough money.I'll not recommend this restaurant.
5	Used a groupon on a Saturday night. Their happy hour pricing is nearly as good a value. It was not crowded at 9pm. The place is not that big, so if you need service just man up and flag someone down. Hamachi sliders were given to me on the house even though I didn't order it. They were quite a powerful mix of soy sauce, ginger, and yellowtail that, like an alcoholic shot, serve to kick-start your palate. I had an ahi tuna salad, kaiser roll, 808 roll, & both ice cream selections and all were good. I remember the green bean or asparagus dish being too salty.This place is definitely more suited to someone who typically does not have one "regular" choice or otherwise adheres to a regimen. Tapas are meant to be an adventure for your taste buds.
5	Check this place out!!! Ive seen it a couple of times but pretty hesitant to come in and try them out, until one afternoon when my sister and bro-in-law took us here for lunch.First they do have HAPPY HOUR which is really great! We ordered the yellowtail with jalapenos sushi roll, some miso soup, 808 tapas sliders and forgot the rest lol... but other than that we liked everything about it. I didnt get a chance to take some photos but We'll be sure to come back to try out some more food.
5	Their $3 garlic chicken is sooo yummy! They also have $5 sushi rolls. Happy hour is from 12-6pm. Everything here  is so good! Def my favorite place to have lunch/dinner!
4	I went there for lunch on Monday. It is a small store, but did very good job, has happy hours for lunch. I tried the snow crab salad and fish taco,sashimi 5 pcs, very nice. Just a little bit limited on sashimi, they don't have my favorite Amaebi and hotate.
5	808 Tapas is AMAZING!  The Hamachi Shooters are to die for and the sushi is super fresh.  The owner Dean is super friendly and his staff is equally as welcoming.  I would eat here weekly if it was on my side of town!  5 stars all day!  Will be back
1	So 808 doesn't accept yet Groupon during lunch...it doesn't state that clearly state that on the Groupon but that's okay. However I called 808 because my Groupon had expired and I wanted to make sure that what I spent could still be used during lunch and I was assured I would be able to use the  value of what we spent (I was on speaker and my wife confirmed she heard the same thing). Upon arriving the clueless waitress said " I explained that you can't use both." I wouldn't have drive here across town if you would have explained that....This is the third time something like that has happened...we will not be back!!
4	Food was good and service was quick, ordered chicken katsu and expected more sauce with it, also had to wait to eat bc of no silverware,I understand it's an Asian menu and chopsticks are on table but put some silverware on table so we don't have to wait to eat. Also the wasabi wasn't spicy and looked to have to much of a creamy texture
5	The Chef is very good; he does a really good job combining different favors.  I felt I ate a meal cooked by an artist.  We had the yellowtail collar, chicken katsu, soft shell crab and the salmon carpaccio.  All four dishes were excellent.
4	Had a great meal with family here!! Service was wonderful and food was GREAT!!! Good times!
4	We spent the last two days eating heavily and wanted something good but not heavy. Checked out Yelp for reviews of restaurants. Saw 808 tapas which peaked my interest.  Called to make reservations because there were 7 of us. Spoke to the hostess that I wanted to make reservations. She said they only make reservations for parties of 10. I said oh and she  asked how many were in  our party.  I told her 7 and she said she would hold a table for me.  Great! We arrived at the restaurant which was located in a strip mall. Decor was ok. We walked in and were immediately greeted.  Told the hostess we had reservations and she sat us right away. She asked if we wanted drinks and we ordered saki and a soda. She brought our drinks and asked if we wanted to order food. Server was very attentive. We waited until the rest of our party arrived. The remainder of our party arrived and the server took their drink order. The waitress returned with the drinks and took our order.  We had some questions about the food and she was very knowledgeable.  Within 15 minutes of our food order the food arrived the presentation and portions were very good. Short ribs were a killer. Nacho poke was very good. Throughout our dinner the staff was fantastic. We ordered a lot of plates and everything was very good. Icould write about it all but you are probably tired by now. We finished our meal and couldn't order dessert. I ate so much I had to orw the mint tea (recommended).Overall good food, value and excellent service!
