5	Urban Warfit CrossFit has been a huge part of my life and has helped me evolve into a human being that not only am I proud of but of one that will keep growing and growing with this community. The atmosphere at this location is one of a kind an sit creates that kind of attitude that makes you to ask more from yourself. Whether your goals are weight-loss weight management or weight gain this the the right facility for you. Moreover if you wish to compete in the sport of fitness this facility has it all. Come in now and check out the classes or come into one of the free 9 am classes!
5	I was in Phoenix on business and went to Urban Warfit CrossFit 602 as a drop-in. The entire staff was very nice and made me feel welcome right away. I enjoyed the challenging workouts and the facility itself. I will go back there again anytime I'm in the Phoenix area for work. I'd also highly recommend it to anyone else traveling to the Phoenix/Tempe area.
5	Urban Warfit Crossfit 602 welcomed me and my wife right away after it didnt work out at another box. From day one they made us feel like we have been going there for years. Roman, Ken, and the other coaches are very knowledgeable and friendly.  Urban Warfit Cossfit 602 has the best community hands down....I've made great friends and reached PRs thanks to the community, coaching and programming at Urban. So come out and join us you will not regret it.
5	Urban Warfit Crossfit 602, from the moment my family and I stepped into the box we have had nothing but postivity and friendliness come our way.  We get motivated and pushed from the awesome coaching staff and fellow members.  Not only do they have a welcoming and friendly atmosphere but the programming is the best I have encountered.  I have become mentally and physically stronger and just recently competed in my first competition. Since stepping foot in the door of Urban Warfit Crossfit 602 my life has changed for the better and I am truly thankful to be a part of this community!
5	Best box in town hands down. I have been with Urban Warfit 602  since the very start and dispite making the trip from 63rd ave and Broadway (East California lol) I would make that trip one and many times again. Coach Roman and Coach Ken are my motivation and inspiration to be the best, badass person I can ever be. Their knowledge and eagerness to better peoples lives is a true definition of what Crossfit represents. If you are looking for a place to make a difference in your life, mentally, physically, and if you are willing to adopt this strange but very awesome community look no further. Come in and let the gains begin.
5	LOVE this gym!! Amazing coaches and great community. The programming is top notch and it is a welcoming and fun environment. I am lucky to be a part of it! Highly recommend!
5	The staff and members are super friendly and eger to help. I've always feel welcome.... I can't say enough good things
