3	Like Denny's, but more overpriced. I enjoyed my carrot apple bundt-shaped muffin and had a nice waitress. No ambiance to speak of, unless Denny's is your game.
3	good place if you want breakfast any time of the day. Went mid-day during the week, it was pretty dead, yet they put us in the room with the TV... Maybe we looked like we wanted to watch bad mid-day television. Service was OK, Food is OK.
4	Coco's really hit the spot today for breakfast after meandering for nearly two hours at the  crack of dawn taking photos of the Chaparral Lake Sunrise (nice color) and the Scottsdale Waterfront post the Saturday Pre-Super Bowl Festivities around Olive & Ivy and the temporary 944 Super Village.  The temperature had been dropping with a storm front coming in and my hands were getting numb.  I opted for the Florentine Scrambler with coffee cake which were quite tasty.  I felt I had to have a second cup of coffee to warm up my hands before heading back along the cross-cut canal.  Overhead was the ubiquitous Goodyear blimp flying around in circles and waking up the Sunday late sleepers with its monotonous, groaning sounds.  Soon the blimp will become history and return to CA....
4	After watching a so, so movie at the Camelview I felt hungry so went to the nearby Coco's on Scottsdale Road.  Coco's is still open but it is slowly being surrounded by high rises from Optima to the North and Fashion Square construction to the South.  I was about to order the new hot, spicy & right off the grill "Shanghai Noodles with Sea Bass" but the happy go lucky waiter told me the fish is usually smelly and did not recommend it.  Instead he diverted me to the "Bistro Salmon with Fresh Tomato Relish".  He didn't have to convince me much since I was thinking salmon anyway.  He also mentioned the salmon was Norwegian farm raised salmon which clinched my decision. The Bistro salmon was an excellent choice with a green gourmet salad and white balsamic vinaigrette on the same plate with a healthy piece of salmon covered in tomatoes and capers sauteed in garlic butter and fresh basil.  For salmon selections in AZ it was excellent and for my standards good even though I prefer my salmon free of sauces and dressings.In reviewing the bill I noticed the waiter's name was Erik C.  I told him I named one of my sons Erik with a k for his Norwegian heritage while the waiter was mostly German.  Both have had to go thru life correcting the world that Erik is with a k and not a c.
2	Anyone who is losing their hearing but refuses to use a hearing aid will assume everyone else is deaf and speak at about 200 decibels.  And, of course, 300 decibels is required when talking on a cell phone which is perfectly acceptable in public.  Coco's, I would like you to meet my stepfather.  He will be dining with you whenever I'm involved.  Feel free to provide consistently crappy service.  Judging by my last two visits, that shouldn't be a problem.I would say the food at this location is generally decent.  And I would say the servers are generally friendly and pleasant.  Unfortunately, it will take repeated attempts to get your order right.I asked a server once if he thought he should write our order down.  He jokingly said no, then came back 5 minutes later to say he forgot what someone at our table ordered.  He did a nice sales pitch on the sweet potato fries, then brought regular fries anyway.  But, he was so personable I didn't hold it against him.  On my visit last week, four tries to get the breakfast order right.  Supposedly caused by a manager insisting on helping the wait staff by bringing out orders.  Seems more like an attempt to turn tables quicker.  I guess it backfired.End result...not  a bad place if you're willing to wait or eat what they bring you, rather than what you ordered.
5	I love Coco's, even if it's stereotyically an "eatery for the elderly." They make great pancakes and the waiters are always very friendly. It's way better than Denny's or Village Inn. Coco's is also a regional chain, so it's more exclusive.
4	I have only gone for breakfast, so can only comment on that.  Sometimes there is a bit a wait for a table, but that is normally a good sign, right?  The food sometimes take a little while to arrive as well, but it is worth waiting for - I love their french toast and their biscuit combo is great too.  The servers are friendly.  It is not all old folk at breakfast time - if you do not mind a little wait, you will enjoy the food.
3	Excellent food!  I always get the Coco's combo......gorgeous burger with the best tasting bun around and fries with a delicious salad drowned in the best homemade ranch dressing in the world!Today we were blessed to have the most honest hardworking and kind-souled server ever!  Erik is from another planet!  Great place.
1	If I could give a lower rating then one star I would. I just ate at the Coco's in Scotsdale Az. It was one of the worst ideas I ever had. I went with family we had 2 kids with us a baby, and an 8 year old.My brother and his girlfriend ordered stake, I ordered a chicken sandwhich and sweet patato fries, the kids had mac and cheese, and a pizza and fries.Everything was COLD, all the sides cold, the kids food was cold, and the stakes were undercooked! I would never advise anyone I know to eat here, we told the manager, and all he took off the bill was the stakes, not my sandwhich, not the kids food, and I'm pretty sure we were over charged. The staff wasn't mean about it but I know they could have done better then just taking 2 things off the bill, since everything was cold.
2	Coco's is one of those fun, old style breakfast/lunch places that somehow has managed to survive into the 21st Century -- sadly, others like Howard Johnson's have not!  Today, competitors: Marie Callender's and Bakers Square are on life-support.What they do best is breakfast and lunch, though their dinner menu has recently been updated and looks interesting.  The food is good and is similiar to Denny's in many ways.This Coco's is located not too far from Fashion Square, and is near Barney's.
1	We had a really bad experience the day after Christmas. We received a gift card and we were hoping to use it for brunch. When we arrived, every table that was not occupied was dirty. (literately), so we sat at the counter. After waiting 20mins, we informed the manager. Still after 10 more minutes of waiting, no one came to take our order. We eventually gave up and walked out. The manager meekly uttered a sorry as we left.
1	My parents were in town from Chicago and were looking for a good breakfast and coffee spot.  We'd already been to the Breakfast Club the previous morning, which was outstanding, so we went to Coco's for the sake of variety.  I'd been there a few times over a year ago and had good experiences, so I didn't hesitate to take them there on a Monday morning around 10ish.We were seated and ordered, and after waiting 30 minutes for our food (and not receiving it) we began to worry, despite the clientele in the restaurant that Monday morning to be fairly sparse.   We watched another table walk out.  30 minutes became 40 minutes, and the server said our food would be right up.  We asked to speak to the manager, and a gruff, dirty looking man came to our table.  He never accepted the blame and in turn blamed the one server and one cook that were working, and uttered excuses like "we're still recovering from the Marathon two days ago".... what???  He never tried to right the wrongs or comp us anything, he just assured us our meals would be ready in a few minutes.  We noticed other tables complaining as well, and after giving them a few more undeserved minutes of our time, we walked out.  I made sure to let them know that I was embarassed for having taken my out of town guests there, and instead of offering apologies himself, the manager pointed to the server and demanded he apologize.  If I were that server, I'd have quit that day.  Horrible experience, they don't deserve your business and they won't get mine again.
1	I have been going to Coco's for over 15 years now and I am so upset by the way I was treated on 5/6/12 that I felt compelled to write this letter.  My mom and I walked in a little after 1 pm for lunch and was told that there would be a 10-15 minute wait.  So we said ok and sat and waited.  Well 30 minutes went by and they still did not seat us.  Another couple that was there asked us how long we were there for and we told them 30 minutes.  They were mad and asked one of the servers if they could bring me a breadstick or something since I am over 9 months pregnant.  The lady kept telling the staff that I needed to eat something to feed my baby.  I was very greatful for her help.  Well then one server came over to us and said that he would sit us but we wouldn\'t get our food for at least an hour!  I understand that things happen, but we were told 10-15 minutes not an hour and a half and we were not offered anything to make up for their mistake.  If we would have been told tha t it was going to take that long then we wouldn\'t have waited because I was starving and my baby was starving too.  I told them that they can\'t treat customers that way and the server said \"oh well.\" Needless to say my mom and I left as I was in tears.  I will NOT return to this place ever again!
1	As expected, they're now closed!
