2	Sure, it's a chain...but it's always exciting to see new places open in your neighborhood. We've been watching the progress of this Farmer Boys location and since I haven't eaten at one in 4-5 years, I was a little anxious for it to open so I could try them again. Last time I didn't like it, and this time was no different...For starters, they have a great location right on the corner of Centennial Center & Tropical Parkway/Azure. They are on the SW corner where Big Lots, BJ's & Party City are, and with so many other surrounding businesses, this place is probably going to be packed throughout the day. We went just a couple days after opening and as expected, it was so busy it took us a while just to find a seat. The inside is a bit smaller than I expected but they do have a decent amount of seating and it's always nice to see big, open kitchens. There's a ton of parking outside and of course, they've got a drive-thru as well.The menu itself is pretty extensive and a lot bigger than I remember. They've got breakfast, sandwiches, burgers, salads, wraps, a few side choices, and even a fried fish dinner. I didn't see anything that says if they specifically do or don't, but I believe breakfast is served all day as well. For those with a sweet tooth, they don't have much in the way of desserts besides a couple milkshake choices though.Now, the whole thing with Farmer Boys is it's supposed to be a fresh, "farm to table" like restaurant. I've heard very few people rave about the food, and now I can see why. I ordered one of their self-proclaimed, "Award Winning Burgers" and just wasn't a fan. The patties seem way too uniform to be fresh and aside from the complete lack of flavor in the meat, mine came out cold. All the toppings were basic, nothing seemed fresh and it was extremely sloppy. I also asked for bacon but instead got two small strips of sad, limp and flavorless meat. To top it off, the whole burger and the tray it came on, were soaked in grease. My chili cheese fries weren't much better. Frozen, over-salted fries and they didn't even bother trying to melt the cheese all the way.They were also having issues with the ice and fountain soda machine when we were there, but instead of blocking it off, they expected customers to try and get their own drinks while some sweaty dude was hanging over the drinks and had his shoes all over the counter. Luckily, one of the managers noticed they were out of tea and happily offered to get me ice and fresh tea from behind the counter. The customer service was really the saving grace for me here. Every employee was friendly and it's nice they come around asking if you need anything or to clean up used plates and such.I know they're new and maybe I'm being too critical, but reading reviews of other locations, it seems like the food just really isn't that good. They are really close to us, so I might give them another try, probably for breakfast after a few weeks of being open...but for now, I'll pass on Farmer Boys.
3	Foods good service is ok but when I called the manager on the dusty counter it seemed he was bothered when he replied is that what your problem is ! Just saying for. 32.00 for 2 adults and 2 toddlers the place should be a little cleaner!
4	Gave this place a try since I saw it is now open. Initially I was going to order a burger until I saw they had pastrami on the menu. I was thrown by the prices a bit. For a fast food place it all seemed a bit overpriced. I had a pastrami sandwich that cost almost $8 for just the sandwich. No fries or drink because that would have been almost $12. Now the sandwich had mustard, pickles, cheese and was on garlic ciabatta bread. I liked the flavor of the meat it was tender and the other stuff on the sandwich all meshed well together. For 2 people to eat complete meals here it can run around $25 which is too pricey for a drive thru joint. I did find on their website though how you can sign up for deals and they had printable coupons posted for really good deals on meals that include a drink. I will come back with coupons because I did like the sandwich but I'd never pay regular price.
1	This review is based on the prices, not the food. Here's what I have to say, WHY would I pay you $12.00 for a burger combo and it's not even Niman Ranch or Kobe Beef? Farmer Boys have lost their last mind. You're a burger place, that's it, the meat is not organic, neither is the vegetables you're using. You have a drive-thru just like McDonalds. So I am in line, the man in front of me orders 3 things and his total is $42.00 FOR WHAT! I told my husband, and he's the cheap one, not me, I guess In-N-Out and Tommy's will continue to be our best friend before I pay a burger joint $42 dollars to feed three people. And mind you, I've eaten at FB in California and I don't remember these outrageous prices for NON ORGANIC BURGERS! This BURGER JOINT, belongs on the STRIP, NOT in a family neighborhood with young children. You know what I noticed when I left and went to In-N-Out around the corner (BTW, the lines were around the block) it appears that everyone in the In-N-Out line was skidding into the parking lot. I told my husband they must of just left FB. LOL Will I return to FB, of course, I want a pastrami sandwich, lol, will I ever purchase a burger from FB, NOT GOING TO HAPPEN!
3	Part of my childhood was spent in the Inland Empire so Farmer Boys was a fairly present chain there. I always liked the one by our house there as I'm one of those people who doesn't really like processed type fast foods. First time we ordered up at the drive thru and the fiance, my MIL and I shared all the items. Patty melt - this was a pretty solid patty melt. Crispy, properly melted, onions were sweet. Patty could have been thicker (and I swear it used to be back in CA). Farmer Burger - pretty decent burger. It's never been my favorite burger, but I'll take this over most.Farmer Club - The ciabatta was interesting, though I prefer requesting double decker sliced bread for this sandwich. Generous layer of ham,turkey, bacon and  the veggies were crisp. Zucchini spears- needed to be fried a tad more as the batter was slidin off and not as crisp as it could be. Onion Rings were nice and sweet, but again needed a little more time in the fry. It takes a while a everything is made to order so you may be in the drive thru for 5-10 minutes. I recommend calling first, then driving to there to pick it up instead. So the next visit we did just that. Called in our order as we live in the area, went through the drive thru to pick it up. Breakfast Burritos were good, but the hash browns could have used time to crisp up as they were soft. They were doing a 2 hotcakes for $1 add on and they were fine, a bit more on the chewy side than soft. The people who work here have been super friendly both times and packed up utensils, sauces, napkins and double checked the order before giving it to us. I think the fact that they have a drive thru and marketed as fast food gets people bitching about their prices as they are compared to other fast foods. I rather get a real egg than egg omelette McDonalds "mix" that comes out a box so comparing a lesser item isn't exactly fair. And when it comes to something comparable, it's not exactly cheaper, but all priced the same: Farmer burger vs Carls Jr Six Dollar Burger - $5 and some change. But I digress. Overall, I guess I'm glad for nostalgia it's here, but they can improve on the finer details of preparing the food. I used to always get zucchini spears, onion rings and ham breakfast burritos all the time as a teen and I still do really like those items.
4	Haven't been to this one, yet, but will definitely be going as Farmer Boys in one our favorites, but have always been so far away from home. I will follow-up with my review on this location after visiting and my fingers are crossed it is good!I just went to their website and saw they do have coupons.  One coupon was worth $5.99 for The Big Cheese Mixed Combo.  Just an FYI! (Coupons are located under "Promotions".
3	I anxiously awaited the opening of this location, anitcipating the awesomeness that is Farmer Boys. Having been to various locations in Vegas and even across statelines, I was primed and ready to grub on what I had envisioned as one of the finest breakfast meals to ever cross my lips. Based on what I had experienced with the burgers, zuccinni, milk shakes and fries, how could it not be, right? Unfortunately, they fell short of my expectations for breakfast. It was not bad, but nothing near the quality they produce for lunch. The sausage patties were above average, but everything else (pancakes, eggs, potatoes) was all just middle of the road. The service was still top notch, and all of the employees were on top of their game, even coming to the table to keep the coffee cups full. With a bonafide pancake restaurant across the street, I would be hard pressed to come back for breakfast but you can bet your burger I will be back many times over for lunch. The fact that there is a Farmer Boys so close to home now is enough to keep a smile on this burger lovers face.
4	Corporate Farmer Boys. Brings down the price for your average meal by a dollar or two. Great Centennial Hills location.  Great Friendly srrvice.
4	The burgers here were amazing! I had the double cheese burger and it was huge. I also had the fried zucchini and it was a good size portion. The zucchini was the perfect texture, but the batter was bland. It was the same for my husband's onion rings. I would suggest just having fries.
4	Great burgers. We ordered the Farmer Boy and The Natural. The onion rings are HUGE. Will be back for more.
3	After all the hype from other people talking about Farmer Boys I decided to give it a try. I am glad they finally opened the location in Centennial. I decided to go inside and order to go since it was my first time and I wanted to take my time checking out the menu. I read the reviews for the Farmer Boys location just to give me some feedback on what to order. I decided to just go for the Cheeseburger with grilled onions and I ordered the side of zucchini since that was what everyone was talking about on their reviews. The burger was okay, my bread got soggy real quick because of the sauce. The fried zucchini was huge, they were just okay to me I prefer my fried zucchini to be smaller. Overall, I would probably come back since the staff was friendly and I'd like to try some other things on their menu.
1	I will never go there again. I went there for the first time yesterday evening and ordered "The Natural." I got home opened it and the bun was twice the size if the "natural" burger. Not only was it small and insignificant, but dryer than piece of cardboard. Anyways the reason I really wrote this review is because this morning I also woke up with severe stomach pain and diarrhea. Not fun while I get ready for work. Carls Jr has more high quality burgers.
3	I had been wanting to try Farmer Boy's for a long time  but I am not sold yet on this establishment.  First, while it may look like a fast food restaurant, it feels very much more akin to a sit down restuarant like Denny's.  The drive-thru took what felt like forever and the hit to my wallet felt  too severe for what I received.  All I got was a single chceese burger combo with half and half fried zucchini and onion rings.  I think it was almost $10.  I want to like the onion rings with their corn meal coating and I kind of do but it lacked enough flavor and the coating just came off.  I ended up eating the onions and coating seperate from one another.  How unfortunate.  The zucchini, on the other hand, was very good.  Probably the best food I had here.  The coating stayed on and the ranch dressing on the side was perfect.  I also like the fact that the zucchini was in long strips rather than small pieces.  The burger was nearly a disappointment.  It was cold by the time I got home. Perhaps it took me too long to get home. Whatever the case, the meat was kind of dry and little tough.  Not quite what I expected.  On the subject of taste, I was reminded of Fat Burger.  This is not necessarily a bad thing but with a price that rivals Fat Burger I would expect better quality to equal each other. Maybe I'll give them another try some time. I've seen other locations. Maybe this one, the newest to Las Vegas, is still reaching its stride. You know what they say, there is always room for improvement.
5	The cheeseburgers, fries and zucchini were fast, fresh and tasty.  They just opened but food and service were excellent.  For a party of 8, the total was about $68 which included several shakes.  Shakes are only a $1 more when you get a combo!  I'm sure some of the early comments were from when they just opened and there were lines out the door. Highly recommend!
1	I don't get it , our food arrived cold and was tasteless. I didn't want to stand in line again to send it back since their is no table service. And it's pricey
3	4 stars would go to the burger.  It was solid and I would go here again for that.  I got the bell ringer.  The biggest disappointment was the thing I was most excited about and that's the onion rings.  They looked great.  Nice big and fresh.  The problem was that the coating has ZERO flavor.  It tasted like eating a slice of onion.  The fries were average at best.  Not much flavor either.  Service was good.  Food was hot and fresh.  Bathroom was dirty for a new place.   Especially the walls.  They looked disgusting and need to be wiped down.
4	I have to say, I was surprisingly happy eating at Farmer Boys! It was one of those days where I needed a quick bite while I was out running errands.  I ordered the grilled turkey sandwich with a side salad and pancakes ($1-2 add on)!  The sandwich tasted great! Everything was pretty good!I went through the drive thru which was a decent experience. They even gave me a couple extra sides of ranch dressing without any issue...and the ranch was freshly made instead of packaged! Farm fresh fast food!
3	Meh. Pretty unimpressive burgers. Processed cheese makes The Natural a bit of a misnomer. Zucchini is pretty good but nothing I can't make at home for cheaper and the breading on the onion rings falls off before it reaches your mouth.We'll try again for breakfast some other time and see if it is any better.
4	Good burgers and really good fish and chips. Try the zucchini sticks. Mmmm. Breakfast is good as well.
4	The food was pretty good, I ordered something simple. I thought it's cool how they have a drive thru but if you sit down it's like a restaurant how they bring your food to you, decently priced.
2	My first time at FarmerBoys, just so so. The Pastrami sandwich was good as was the milkshake. The onion rings on the other hand, were terrible. The cracked corn coating was very thin and fell right off Had to wait in line after being served to ask for mustard and a fork. This was a 5 minute wait for items that should be readily available for customers. Not sure if I'll be coming g back.
5	I am used to farmer boys as I have been to one in Anaheim many many times. Great breakfast,  good burgers, clean restaurant,  up beat friendly service. What's not to like. I do however remember it being a little cheaper in California
3	OK.  A mixed review.  The wife and I did our normal thing at Farmer Boys and split a Farmer's Club Sandwich meal.  As usual, the sandwich, fries, and soda pop were all excellent.  Unfortunately, there are the usual problems:  the meals are all too big and the prices are too high.  As I noted, above, the wife and I split that meal (1033 calories for the sandwich and 514 calories for the fries) and it works out fine, that way.  I can't imagine how a single person eats at Farmer Boys:  maybe with a kid's meal.  The single meal cost us $12.64.  That's just too much money for a sandwich, fries, and a soda pop at what amounts to a slightly upscale fast food restaurant.  There are also a couple of other issues with this location.  First, it's darn cold in there.  They have long vents along the outside of the eating area that blow cold air directly down on the people seated in the booths.  If there were some kind of diffuser or re-director on those vents, it would be fine.  But, with the direct air flow, it's just too cold.  Second, even though I've already complained that the meals are too big, my piggish self wants to say the amount of fries we got was a bit small (though they are really good).  And, finally, it's noisy as heck in there.  It's noisy enough that it's hard to be heard at the ordering counter as well as being miserable in the eating area (and that's a hint to people who bring their screaming kids into a restaurant and just let the kids continue screaming throughout the meal).So, overall, really good food (though too much of it) at too high a price for a not very pleasant dining experience.  Three stars out of 5.
2	I do not like to give bad reviews. This place has been open for 1 month. Given time, hopefully they can get it together. Went for breakfast, ordered omelette with hash browns. The food was NOT seasoned at all. And it was barely warm, yet the eggs were over cooked. The 2 stars is for the helpful, yet surprisingly young, cashier. I don't see a reason to ever come back.Ok: 1 hour later - I felt nauseated and got sick. No more Farmer Boys
3	Zucchini - great!Salad - goodFarmers Burger - goodBut the service by these young kids, especially Leilani and Holli was outstanding. They seemed very attentive to our needs and we watched as they were constantly keeping the place clean and tidy. It's great seeing kids appreciate what they do for a change.
5	So here is the deal....some place need time to be great. I came here the first week it opened...and ordered the spicy burger and zucchini fries. EVERYTHING was missing salt. The burger was WAAAY to beefy tasting and to had to drench my zucchini fries in ranch because they were so BLAH. So, I have them another try a week or so later...and BINGO! The nailed it. The food is so fresh! I kinda like the idea that your food is actually made to order. The freshness of the food has given me a whole new perspective on waiting 5-10 min in the drive through. If you tied this place once and didn't like it...give her an ol second chance!
5	I've eaten here four times since this place opened. This is a fast-casual restaurant. You place your order, get a number, and the food is brought to your table. I can't say enough about what a good deal this place is. You could easily spend the same amount of money at a fast food place and not receive the quality of food or service that you do here.The portions are big. The food is fresh and made-to-order. The food is served on glass plates with real silverware. The service is excellent and very attentive. If you order hot tea or coffee someone is always checking to see if you need a refill.I've tried the omelet, breakfast bowl, and burger. They have all been delicious. I really like the giant zucchini spears and onion rings as a side option instead of french fries.I will be back for sure.
3	Was expecting a bit more. My chicken sandwhich was a thin piece of chicken, but I kinda liked it. But really, the food was average fast food at sit down restaurant prices.
5	First Visit this evening and Drive Thru not busy...pattie melts great and onion rings awesome. ..I really liked the idea not one item was in " A Landfill Styrofoam Container"  I'll  be back for that feature alone. .
5	Amazing zucchini sticks! Great service by all, love that my son can have a great breakfast while my fiance can have great burger, while I have an awesome salad!
1	Cold diner food. Blah. Last Sunday mom and I drove down to the restaurant which was pretty busy, and placed a big order to go. They had our order ready in about 20 minutes. When we got home, literally a 3 minute drive, most of the food was cold. I'm not sure what happened, because they have about 20 people working in the kitchen. Mom got an omelette and French toast, and a side of fruit which was from a can. Fail. My brother got some kind of breakfast bowl which is similar to the kind you get at Jack in the crack, and he did not like it. My dad got the tuna sandwich and fries, which were cold but tasty, he said the sandwich was ok. I got the pastrami and it was good but small, my boyfriend got the bacon burger with onion rings. He liked the burger but the onion rings were a complete fail. The breading was falling off the onion rings, and guess what? They were cold. We spent about $60 for everything and to say I was disappointed is an understatement.
4	Excuse my after shot but I have to be really impressed with presentation to take a before photo.  This place is somewhere between a diner and fast food.  They serve breakfast all day and I paid $15 for 2 meals. (1 was for a kid)  I don't prefer finely chopped salad but there were absolutely no wilted or gross looking leaves.  That was very important.   The ranch dressing is very good.  My sons chicken looked a bit small and overcooked on the outside but the white meal inside was perfect. I couldn't stop "sharing" his fries.  Tables need to be cleaned faster and there was some grossness on the floor from previous diners.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable.
2	Not impressed at all. We ordered 2 Farmers Burgers and 1 Big cheese. All burgers were cold to the point the cheese was still hard on top of them. We sent them back and the second time around they were pretty much the same but we were hungry and ignored it.  The interesting thing is that they say the food is made to order, well that is kind of hard when your food comes out 3 minutes after you ordered it, and the remake even faster than that. All in all really bad experience except the smiley kids at the counter
4	Farmer Boys is a fast food joint dressed up as a diner. I came here on a whim for a late breakfast around 1PM. Yeah that's right, I eat breakfast at 1 o'clock in the afternoon. First off, the fact that Farmer Boys serves breakfast throughout the day is a plus. I sleep in on the weekends so I can never make the breakfast cut off at 10AM. I stepped up to the register after awkwardly staring at the menu for 2 minutes and ordered a french toast combo for $6.69. My husband also opted for breakfast and ordered a sausage burrito ($6.49). Total after tax and a drink came to to $16 and some change. We were handed a number and sat at a booth that was wet after being wiped down. I screamed in excitement when I seen that the condiments on the table included a bottle of Tapatio hot sauce. This distraction made me forget about the wet table. About 10 minutes later, our food arrived.French Toast Combo: The french toast was served with a gallop of butter on top and 2 packets of warmed maple syrup on the side. It was comparable to other diner quality french toast but far better than any fast food version. The eggs were cooked just right and were REAL scrambled eggs, not that weird fake patty thing. I handed the two strips of bacon over to my husband who declared they were made "just how he liked them". I might add that my breakfast was served on a real plate with actual (not plastic) utensils.  Sausage Breakfast Burrito: Big enough to leave you feeling stuffed and apparently tasted great. It comes with eggs, hash browns, sausage, and salsa. The Mr. stated he would forgo the salsa the next time around. Both dishes were garnished with a cute little orange slice.  Another reason why I'm hopped up on Farmer Boys is that they offer a veggie burger, which I'll definitely try the next time around. I was really surprised at the quality of the food. I was expecting more McDonald's-esque food, but it was anything but.
2	I was really looking forward to going here, what a let down. Nothing special about the food here. The burger I would rate average at best and cold fries. Nothing special about this burger.
5	The food is always amazing and fresh here.  This was my first visit to this location and it is now my favorite in town.  I was greeted by Marissa and she is the most friendly person I have ever had the pleasure of meeting.  I got a 3 egg breakfast and it was cooked to perfection.  Thanks for everything.  Keep up the great work.
5	It has been a long time since I visited Farmers Boys because they do not exist on the East coast (Maryland) and for that matter we could not find a Charbroiled burger anywhere and man it was good. Farmer Boys has always been consistent and good with their menu items and the service is second to none making this place a must go for the whole family. I have tried most of the items on the menu and I don't think I've had a bad dish ever. Good place
5	Everyone has great customer service here , I have nothing to say about improving . It's just great and I appreciate them !
2	The restaurant is nice and clean; employees were friendly and I really liked the zucchini sticks...  But the prices are very high for fairly small portions of fast food I feel I could make better at home.  If I'm craving zucchini I might go back, but otherwise I think there are better sandwich/burger-type places nearby... for a much better value.  A solid 2 stars.
1	So one of the worst burgers I've had in awhile, was not fresh was a frozen patty and a big bun, go to red robin in and out or smash if your smart. Plus it was $8.00 wow . my wife said her salad was good she didn't want the chicken on it but we still got charged!
3	So very disappointed that this brand new restaurant has restrooms without a baby changing table or handicapped accessible doors. When I asked for a comment card I was told they didn't have any. I was given a business card for the manager and was told to email or call her with my comments. Wee won't be coming back.
2	Meh.It's an ok meh, at best.Little bit pricey for what you get.If you get breakfast, the meat is extra on your sandwich, whaaaaaat?Burger was mediocre.
1	This is the second time I visited this restaurant. The first time I bought a burger but didn't taste too good so I thought I'd give it a second try. I walked in there with one other person and looked at the menu. I waited for about five minutes while the cashier and cooks all stared at me. I took my wallet out in attempt to let them know I would like to order some food from establishment. Cashier that would have taken my order continue to count her cash as the cooks continued to stare at nine. I then placed my wallet back in my rear pocket and did an about face. I exited the restaurant with no problem. Nobody tried to stop me and ask me, hey would you like to order some food? As I stated before this was my second visit to this restaurant, it will also be my last. I also feel like I was racially profiled.
1	This location is usually better than this. The Hearty Club Sanwich I purchased was pressed flat and was wet. I have had this sandwich before, this one was a gross failure and went in the trash. 1/8/2015 Order# 226 6:08pm Drive Thru.
