4	This is a really nice, classy joint. Don't bring your punk friends here or try to act cute, got it? Good.Now for those who enjoy a good lunch: the portions are generous, the daily specials always are and they put ice in the mens room. This place also happens to be hidden in the coolest strip mall in all of Arizona. If you can't find it, you don't belong there.
4	Great lunch spot.  Portions are extremely generous.  Usually I get the chef salad, which is piled high with meat.   Their daily specials are also really good.The atmosphere makes me feel like I am back home in Jersey, so that is one of the reasons why I keep going back.  The wait staff always greats us and recognizes that we are in there about once a week.  At lunch, it is nice when our drinks show up at the table without us even having to order them.  Definitely give it a try for lunch, if you are in the area.
4	This has got to be the LEAST appetizing name for an Italian restaurant. It's called "The Firm." Can't they make it  La Firma for instance?? The decor is a bit outdated as well. BUT the food was amazing! I was very surprised due to the lame decor...The waitstaff was friendly and the portions were big. Personally, I think it's more of a dinner place b/c it's kind of dark .. and the meals are heavy. Yummy pasta!
4	First time here for a friend's birthday and I have to say this was a fun, delicious Italian experience. We were in the side room, which worked out perfect for 20ish people in the group and food was served buffet style. The first impression was with the bread and oil which seemed to be borderline salad dressing with the amount of herbs in it, but nonetheless it was delicious. The antipasto salad came in a huge plate which was devoured almost immediately and for the main course the lasagna was a simple recipe, "straight up" pasta, sauce and cheese. No frills here and worth it. The did seem to be a bit slow with the service on water/drinks but nothing to be too concerned about, probably standard for larger groups.
5	Finally, a good place for Italian in this city.  The Firm has the BEST anti pasta salad I have ever had.  Never in my wildest dreams did I think about creating a salad like this.  Not much lettuce (not needed) roasted red peppers and rolls and rolls of yummy meat and cheese.  Not to mention, loaded with other goodies.  The dressing was fantastic.  Do yourself a favor and get this salad.I am not a brushetta fan but this is phenomenal.  it's like a little pizza with cheese and balsamic vinaigrette.  It's not your traditional brushetta.  Wife had the chicken parm and I had the salmon picatta.  I was so impressed.  The portions were huge and the pasta complimented each dish.  Overall, you can taste the freshness.  Let me repeat that, YOU CAN TASTE THE FRESHNESS.  From the fresh pasta to the fresh tomatoes, it makes a difference.  It seems like everyone working there was family.  I talked to the owner and let him know what I think.  He was really interested in what I had to say and even asked me questions about my cooking I do at home.This will be the place I bring out of town visitors.  The prices are more than reasonable and open for lunch and dinner.
1	Went for lunch today. Closed. Space for Sale or Lease. Sadly, I still hunger.
