4	Nice staff and wide selection of super-premium pet food in Summerlin. They also carry raw diets for both cats and dogs (sold frozen for you to thaw at your own convenience).  Grooming services, doggy day care, and (yes) even a bakery are all on-site. Prices are higher than your typical pet warehouse store, however the quality of food sold here is far superior.
4	we came here to get some natural dog treats and snacks, plus his raw food frozen patties! We also get his Yogurt Ice Cream that he likes so much, the Blueberry&Vanilla and the Apple Cheddar. They also bake fresh snacks for the animals, so we buy fresh baked biscuits and snack for him as a treat when we go there! They have raw food diets for both cats and dogs! The staff there is really nice and really love animals. We take him inside and they all love him! This place is a grooming service as well as a Doggy Day care. We pay them $8 to file down his nails. thats pretty cheap if you ask me and its done in five minutes! They give him a good boy treat after he's done! I recommend this service to anyone with a pet! Give it a try...
5	I have been a customer since the early days of the business, and have had such a postive experience with this store.  I take my three small dogs in every three weeks for grooming, and they always  come back looking fantastic.  I like the fact that I can make an appointment for grooming, and therefore have a rough idea what time they will be ready for pickup - no waiting around all day for a phone call from the groomer like at some grooming places.  Their doggie day care service is great as well, and the food and supplies are all top quality.  Most importantly, the customer service will definitely exceed your expectations.  They recognize me and my dogs when I walk in the store, and they take the time to look at the caller id and greet me by name when I call. Most importantly, Kelly, the owner, will go above and beyond to meet any special needs or requests for your pets - including tracking down a special leash or making a birthday cake for your dog!  I highly recommend this business.
3	Went in during the weekend to pick up some dog food. The store front is in a very convenient location and well maintained. The food was priced a bit over our regular store but only by a few bucks so no big deal. They had all kinds of unique treats and we couldn't help but pick up a few for our pup. She loves them by the way. The reason I'm only leaving three stars is because of one of the groomers thought it was appropriate to trash talk some of their clients to the other workers. I find that to be extremely distasteful. Don't do that in front of potential customers!
3	K-9 & Kitty's has been my groomer for about 2 years now.  I have tried others in the area, but haven't found anyone better as of yet.  They always do a good job and I seldom can't get in on short notice.The groomers do a good, but not great job.  My dogs always seem to be itchy after a grooming, so I always remind the groomers to rinse they extra well, but half the time they don't.Wishing I could find a better place, but this is the best I've found in the area of Desert Shores and Summerlin.
5	Bella looks FaBuLoUs after her grooming today! Friendly knowledgable owner Kelly and the groomer was great as well. good experience for Bella's first haircut. We will be back :)
1	I've never left a review of any kind before but feel that patrons of K-9 and Kitty's should be aware of my experience.  I have been their customer for a couple years and the grooming has always been fine. However, on my dog's most recent visit, she was returned to me with two very large bruises on either side of her belly. The bruise's size and placement were exactly where they would be if you were to pinch the skin of her belly and squeeze with significant pressure. When I confronted the shop with my discovery, they swore they had no idea what happened and denied any involvement. No one attempted to apologize or accept responsibility. The fact remains that she had no such injuries when I brought her in.   I am shocked and appalled at what happened to my dog and how the situation was handled. If someone could do that to a dog, they should not be working with dogs professionally.  I've attached photos of her bruises in the photo section of this page.
1	The response from Kelly G. below merely entertains conjecture from dog owners, not veterinarians. I can assure the reader that my dog had neither bug bites or ringworm.
1	Don't go here.  STAY AWAY and tell your fellow pet owners. I never post  messages but have to worn people. The owner was very rude and my dog haircut was terrible. She said they trimmed his nails but they did not do it.  STAY AWAY My fellow pet lovers. God Bless
5	The staff has been so great! Our dog just jumps into the groomers arms and doesn't even seem to miss us for the hour she is there. They do a great job and always let us know about when to come back and pick her up (and they call if they happen to be done any sooner). Even squeezed us in for a same-day appointment. $40 for bath/nails/haircut and she looks adorable!
5	A friend told me about this place, and I had to check it out. No more chain pet food stores for our cats. It's a cute little shop, with friendly service. There are so many choices in food for cats and dogs. They offer natural-organic and holistic foods. We were so surprised at how reasonably priced the food is. Our cats love the brand we chose. This is now our go-to pet food store.
1	This review is long over due ! Not happy with the way I heard one of the groomers speaking to a dog being groomed. That should of been a red flag to begin with. Last holiday season I was visiting a a close relative in the summerlin area during some time off from work and I decided to bring my terrier with me on vacation. She really needed a bath and hair cut badly so I found K9s through yelp. When talking to the groomer that would be working on my dog that day it seemed as if they were only half way listening to my requests and I felt shooed away with out finishing my last sentence about my dogs hair cut. Which probably explains why her ears were so uneven when she was given back to me. When i took her home i could see red marks all over her private area ! My poor baby was so irritated. Not to mention 2 of her nails were cut too far back and they let me know its not a big deal and that it happens all the time. Yea OK!! I will never ever bring my dog back to this place even if it is for an emergency out of state grooming
