2	I'm not sure about the other locations but the service at this place is unbelievable our server went from the cash to the phone to mopping the floors then serving our food with out even washing her hands once (EWWW) and this place would need a flood to clean out the mess and lingering dirt . we strolled in the location at 11:15pm (munchies)  and were rushed to make our order and hurry up and eat because  they wanted to close at 12pm.  I'll sum it up like this this is a take out joint because the dieing experience isn't catered in this Wok Cafe.  oh the Pad Thai is out of intergalacticly out of this world and is to die for !
1	On our way to Kanbai we decided to try Wok Cafe instead since we were in the mood to try something different. (We love Kanbai and I highly recommend it for legit Szechuan.)Where to start with Wok Cafe? Well let's start with the food. It is bland, re-heated or defrosted and will give you stomach pains after a dish or two. The dirty kitchen and floors might be to blame for that or the very low prices which reflect the lack of quality/fresh ingredients being used.Seriously, I wonder if they would pass a health inspection judging by all the old newspapers on the ground and the moldy floors. It's not a well kept establishment.The service.. about what we expect from a Chinese restaurant which means basic and quick service, no frills and no smiles. Up to par there until the lady grunted and seemed really unhappy that she was only getting $1 tip on a $30 order. After paying she caught up to my wife to complain and asked for more tip.Unbelievable but true. Yes we didn't tip well but that's because I was getting sick from their food and barely ate because of it.Anyway, avoid at all cost. Walk a few more steps, go to Kanbai and enjoy a good meal. Wok Cafe is bad... and dirty.Food: 1.5Service: 1.0Value: 3 toilet flushes
5	Despite the bad reviews below, I've been going there for years and love it!As a student, the price is very reasonable and the plates are huge. I always have a good amount of leftovers that I bring home. The servers aren't the best servers ever, but I've never had a problem with them. They've never been rude with me or i've never felt not welcomed. Whenever i'm downtown and want Chinese food I always go there without hesitation.
1	Unfortunately, the Wok Cafe does not stand out with the other asian restaurant nearby. Although service is quick, the food quality is lacking for the price paid. I got wonton soup with curry beef dish. The wonton (pork) soup is not bad, but nothing special. The main course is lacking in flavour. The curry is diluted so much, and the beef lacked any seasoning. The rice tasted reheated (cold in certain sections). The vegetables were okay. Also, the place just feels very dirty, and no one seems to care. My plate was chipped at two corners, and my table still had some sticky spots. Overall, there are some many other alternatives nearby.
3	Yeah Im usually around this place whenever TM-soup is closed, Food is okay just about whatver you get is what you pay for. Service is fast, food is prompt and thats about it. The whole experience is just walk in get seated right away(assuming no line up rush) eat, and leave. Pretty much so. I only order the regular General Tao as I dont want to experiement much in these places but overlooking the grungy appeal the place is good for a late night snack as most places are closed. I stick to their fried rices and general tao and im good to go. Prices average, a quick hit and run here is about 35-40 tip inclu.
4	Don't expect luxury when you walk into this place. It's a small hole in the wall where the waitresses answer their cells while taking your order and give you dirty looks if you stay too long. But for $7 you can have a HUGE plate of really tasty Chow Mein and leave there completely stuffed and ready to take a nap. I enjoy this place. Their general Tao is apparently what they are known for but because I'm not a huge fan of General Tao, I wouldn't know however I've had a few of their dishes and they have all been quite tasty!! If you're in the area, I would definitely suggest dropping in.
2	My perspective is from somebody who likes asian cuisine, and Toronto has many of them.I asked the waiter what he would recommend / if there was something good.The server recommended the combos (which i would describe as, things you offer to non-Asian diners.)  You get a bit of rice, some heated vegetables, and a protein (lemon chicken.)  I added some shrimp dumplings to my order because i was hungry.My traveling partner ordered a plate of shrimp rice.  Comes in the color brown.Verdict.  Its Chinese food, a step up from what you would get at a shopping mall.  But if they were good at something, the waiter didn't direct me to order it.  At least they are fast at making the food.  But its nothing to get excited about.
1	Went there the other day for a take-away,was offended by the arrogant waitress and grumpy boss. felt very uncomfortable when talking to them. Won't go there anymore. What a ridiculous service...
1	yuck! eww! impossible to eat , the soups taste like crap , smells horrible . The sesame beef was purple and impossible to chew! avoid this place! run!
2	Ordered the General Tao Tofu... I thought perhaps someone had chopped up a bath sponge and served it too me; , the tofu was boiled (and boiled, and boiled) so it came out full of water; terrible tasting water which diluted the sauce and made it inedible.Our group had three tofu dishes and they were all equally bad.They did remove the dish from our bill though.Two stars based on service alone.
