5	The staff here makes the place great! Every time I come here the employees are prompt, polite and really friendly. And the KFC bowl is heaven in a dish.
1	How the hell does this place have five stars!!! This is the closest KFC to my residence so I am forced to go to this one when I'm craving chicken littles. I am not writing a bad review based on one bad experience either! This is the third time this has happened and its shocking at how LAZY this staff is!! A chicken little consists of two bread buns, the chicken, a spread and PICKLES. Three different times and not even in a row I have ordered a total of 4 chicken littles and not one of them had pickles on it. A Bunch of Idiots work here so PLEASE save yourself the anger and drive somewhere else or dissect your food in the drive thru before going home to disappointment.
1	Seriously? This place hella sucks. Customer service is just bad!Sooo I went through the drive through and the lady on the speaker too her sweet time asking what I would like. I asked about a few things and decided on a mixed 10 piece bucket thing. She stated I could get 2 boneless breasts then a mixture of anything else. I did just that, I wanted 2 BB and the rest legs. OF COURSE they were a few short of what I wanted so she offered more breasts to which I accepted. She gave me my total, which was not the same as she had quoted earlier and I proceeded to the window. A different lady then gave me ANTOHER more expensive total and I asked why? "Because you added more breasts" I rebutted that the order taker offered since they were out and the cashier shook her head and reassured me I would need to pay the upcharge.Don't offer something because you ran out of an item then expect the customer to pay. And 3 different totals is no bueno!I asked for my card back and left. Customer service is horrid and the employees seem like they hate their jobs. No Yay! for you!
3	The food was fine.  However, there was no one in the restaurant but us after 9:00 pm.  We waited so long, probably near a half an hour to get chicken, hot wings, chicken pot pie, and chicken bites.  This cost about $23.  This seemed like a lot.The place also wasn't super clean.The guy that took our order had a really hard time with it.  Maybe he was new.
1	Customer service is really lacking in this KFC. They messed up my order and when I called to complain the manager told me  to bring back the old food even if I couldn't come back until tomorrow. Really bring back the old food, I have never heard of such a thing. What happened to the customer is always right!!! won't be going back there!!
