4	Eat'n Park is known for their "Smiley" cookie (like a chewy black-and-white sugar cookie, but white, with a smiley face drawn in icing).  My wife insisted on going to Eat'n Park on our trip to Pittsburgh.  But she hates the Smiley cookie.  What drew her was the strawberry pie.The pie itself merits four stars.  It's inexpensive ($2.99, and a whole pie is less than $10) and bursting with fresh, huge berries.Fried zucchini ($5-6) is listed as an appetizer, but is enough for a meal, and comes from a local farm in Butler.  The freshness really shows in the taste.  It's breaded with a cornmeal batter, which produced some really tragic consequences for me an hour later.  90 minutes after that, however, I no longer regretted eating the fried zucchini.  Yes, it was that good.  I wouldn't do it again, mind you, but in retrospect, it was worth it.
4	Darren it cracked me up to see you reviewed this Eat'n Park, but then I wasn't surprised a bit. I used to live blocks away from this place, and the location was ideal, for my favorite bar ever (Wilkie's Inn, now closed) was diagonally across the street from it. I actually have mostly bad memories of drunken friends fighting and/or confrontations here, but still this place beats all after a night at the bar. I can close my eyes and picture scrambled eggs and french toast, not to mention their delicious burgers with a side of pickles. And of course the obligatory Eat'n Park smiley face cookies, ah how I love them! Message to non-Pittsburghers, go to this (or any) Eat'n Park at least once! You'll be back!
5	Out of all of the Eat N' Parks in the south hills, this is the one that seems to always get it right. The food is a little better than your average family resturant or diner fare, the service is always good and the place is always sparkling clean. It's not the fanciest resturant, but it rates high on consistancy. It's always better than expected.
4	Me and E n' P go waaaaay back!  Our relationship started at 16 years old.  It was my first job and continued to supplement my burgeoning shopping addiction throughout High School and into College.  I had a fantastic time throwing people's menus down as a hostess and then filling food orders (and occasionally spilling orange juice on people's crotches, oops) as a waitress and gossiping with my coworkers.  So needless to say, I have a special place in my heart for this lovely establishment!I think for a Pittsburgh owned chain restaurant it's one of the best.  This is in terms of how the business is run and the restaurants itself.  My love affair of grilled stickies began here.  I may have occasionally shoved one or two in my mouth as soon as they came out of the oven.  I also can't resist a smiley cookie.  They seem to be at every event in the city, so I never have to go long to fulfill on my smiley cookie cravings.  Thank gawd!My all time favorite salad is the grilled chicken and portabella salad.  I absolutely love the balsamic dressing and mix of fresh ingredients.  I also had a second in High School (when I didn't have to count so many calories, ew) where I'd order a Super Burger every lunch break.  They are seriously addictive with their super secret sauce combination.  Their breakfast buffet is bomb!  I always have to go for the regulars and one word sums that up.  Carbs.  Pancakes, french toast and those delish strawberry muffins!  And seriously, what is up with how good their pistachio whip is on the buffet?  I used to lick the bowl...after it was already made and served...don't worry for all you germaphobes!  Needless to say, I helped myself to A LOT of samples over the years to be a complete Eat n' Park expert!
5	Doesn't matter where you go in the area, Eat'n Park is always a guaranteed hit! With the signature smiley face cookie (which can be ordered online! In seasonal variations!) to the huge menu, it has something for everyone, at great prices.
5	Best eat n park there is!!!
1	Mediocre and poorly made! You can get better quality food from Mcdonalds don't waste your time or money
3	Eh, been here a few times since moving to Dormont. It's just okay. I've been to many Eat n' Park restaurants around Pittsburgh and this one is nothing special.A royal pain to park at, and the food is just mediocre. People are nice though and have no complaints about the service. I would come here after hitting up the bars or for dessert one night, but that's about it. Banksville location is much better in my opinion.
1	I would give this eat n park location zero stars if I could. I arrived at 11:15am and was seated quickly but that was about it. My waitress did not come over until 11:41. I did not receive water or any service for 26 minutes.  That is outrageous to me, I've never had anything good to say about this location and will not be visiting again.
4	"I wish someone would just put a bag over her head and knock her up so I can get some grandkids."  In addition to the usual hotcakes and eggs, apparently our waitress' daughter was a daily special that morning.Preferring that all of the eggs in my social life remain unfertilized, I opted instead for the Italian Breakfast Club which turned out to be the dog's bollocks.  And for good reason; If you want to enjoy eating here, it is highly recommend that you not use the nutritional info calculator on E'nP's website.  After checking the stats on my breakfast I now realize I should have ordered it with a side of Lipitor.Added bonus -- as a consolation prize for not taking her daughter home, our waitress hooked us up with some free cookies for the road.---Cliff Notes version: dining at Eat'n Park is kind of like going to Denny's but without the shame.
4	We come here a LOT and are usually quite happy. The fried pickles are ridiculously good!! Decent off street parking, good selection, open 24 hours and the staff is usually great.
1	My experience here was not good my family and I were seated all the way in the back of the Resturant near an exit after passing at least six tables upfront. We were the ONLY African Americans in the restaurants not even one as a busboy we had some stares but no one was rude just very quiet . The waitress tried to make us feel welcome so we thank her for that but the feeling was uneasy and on top of all that, the food wasn't good it lacked lots of flavor I wouldn't recommend this spot to anyone keep driving
