4	Needed an alignment because I'm sick of driving with my steering wheel 15 degrees off center. My normal place was booked out a week but they recommended this place. Phone call and they got me in the next day at my desired time.Clean little office with basic waiting area, requisite popcorn and candy machine. Job was done, no fuss , they test drove it. It took an hour and $75 ( big tires on the Jeeeep) . Very good.
4	they were very helpful,  had just bought a 99 honda civic, and it was in desperate need of an alignment, they did such a great job and were very friendly. they informed me of everything they did as well as their recommendations for my car. i will definitely return the next time i need an alignment. my car runs so well now im very happy!
5	Fast!  Got my rig in today (had off center issues)  and now it drives perfect- again.  Came in under quote as well.These guys actually DRIVE the car to make sure it's right before it goes back to the customer.  When was the last time you saw a McShop (like a worthless Goodyear store) do that?rjp
5	Fast work, great price. Other shops wanted to schedule 4 days in advance, they took me in same day, on a Saturday! Got my custom suspension lifted truck riding straight and true. Also, there's a PTs next door, so you can watch some sports and have a beverage while you wait.
5	These guys have been great with both my Mitsubishi Evo IX and my Nissan Armada. Not many shops in town that will work with custom alignment. They did a great job with my Evo and got it to the specs that I wanted. They also did the installation of aftermarket shocks and alignment on my Armada. Arrow Alignment will continue to have my business.
4	Called a day before to see if there were any availability for a wheel alignment. They were able to fit me into their schedule the next day in the afternoon. Quoted me at $85 for a Mitsubishi Galant V6, 4 door.Arrived at 3pm and they took my car in immediately to get serviced. Only took about 35 minutes so that was great. I was able to get this taken care of and move on with the rest of my day.Only reason why I gave this place a 4 stars is because I feel like $85 for a wheel alignment is kind of expensive. I saw on a previous review (I think it was a Jeep) and they only quoted that person $75. Ummm....so why would my little car...versus a big Jeep be more expensive for a wheel alignment service??!?
5	I own a shop that builds high performance sports cars.  I don't have an alignment rack so Joe and Tony get all of my work.  Let's put it this way, if (for some reason) you are not satisfied, they will keep working on a solution...  Since their main focus is alignments, they can't afford to have a dissatisfied customer.  Thanks guys for keeping me and my customers on the 'straight and narrow'!
5	They do great work, were reasonable priced and were able to diagnose the problem pretty quickly.  I will use them again for my other vehicles.
5	This is the shop to go to for an alignment. Even if your car is extremely lowered they can align it.  So you lowered guys don't have to worry, the way their alignment rack is setup you just drive right onto it! Very fast service and great price, good people.I will not go anywhere else from now on.
5	Tucked in the back.  Great alignment shop.I called Thursday morning for a Friday morning appointment.  They had me in and out in under an hour.  $75 might be steep for a 2 wheel alignment but you get what you pay for.  Excellent customer service and knowledagble techs.  Clint dialed my Cobalt in and it drives like a whole new car.Thanks guys!
5	Lowered The Beast one inch and needed alignment,  this guys took care of my car with great care as much as they did Counts Kustoms 1928 limo that was on the bay next to mine. My alignment did need lots of TLC and they took care of it properly and for a nice low price.  I recommend it to anyone with ANY motor vehicle.
5	I was very impressed with my experience at Arrow from start to finish. I setup a same-day appt yesterday with Joe. I ended up running behind and gave him a call to reschedule 3 hours before the appt. He was very courteous and offered to reschedule to this morning at 9am. I arrived today at 8:53, dropped off the truck and went to breakfast next door at PT's pub. The truck was literally done and I was out the door at 10:03. My 94" Lifted Chevy k1500 drives great and straight as an "arrow"-pun intended!Clint, the technician even took a couple minutes to explain his impressions of the vehicle and answer my questions about the results. He got the wheel set straight and did a great job.Joe was very honest about the quote and delivered on the quoted amount in record time. I have no reservations about recommending Arrow, especially if you have a lifted vehicle and you are as particular about things as I am.
5	The guys here took the time to explain what was going on with my alignment in terms that I could understand. They definitely know their stuff.Thanks Joe & Clint,Chris S.
5	By far the best alignment shop in town go and see Joe, Clint & Dylan!!! They have the top notch equipment to align your car to spec!!! Awesome guys and customer service!!! Did a drop kit on my truck and my alignment was all messed up!!! Took it to joe and crew, it rides smoother now awesome job guys!!! Much respect guys!!!
5	Arrow Alignment is by far the best alignment shop in Vegas hands down.  I've had many of my cars aligned by him (Mini, two A4's, A5 and a GTI), they all had coilovers and adjustable control arms.  Joe and his guys have always done an excellent job with getting my cars aligned to my specs at a very reasonable price...I've been charged much more at other shops in the past for sub par alignments.I recommend all of my car friends and co-workers to Joe whenever they ask about alignments (since I'm the resident car guy lol).  You can tell Joe takes pride in his business and it shows with how he takes care of his customers.Thanks guys!
5	This shop is fanstatic! I drove to Vegas 1400 miles with bad alignment. I took it to the guys at arrow, and within an hour, my car drives better then the day I bought it! They test drive the car several times during the alignment to insure no comebacks. This shop is top notch, anyone that needs suspension work done on their vehicle, save your money, avoid firestone and go straight to the people that will do it right the first time!
5	I took my classic vehicle here on the advice of a few friends in the local car community. I wish I would have found this place sooner! I had a rather time consuming and difficult job and the guys were very up front and reasonable on their prices and time line, despite how busy they always are. I was received a better quote than what most (less reputable) shops would charge and I'm 100% confident that the job was done right. Good auto work is hard to find. I'll be back and send my friends as well.
5	went in here from a referral since I just had my lowering springs installed..called them up for a sat appointment. Joe picked up and booked me on a saturday AM. Went there sat, got my car in, thorough and fast work. I was out in an hour. I will not hestitate to use them again on my M3's.
5	Nice place
5	I'm so glad I found this business to service my BMW. I needed a wheel alignment bad. They serviced my precious Pearl in 30 mins and now she drives perfect. Thank you.
5	alignment job needed then take it to arrow. My car neeeded an aligmnet since I lowered my car and place a set of bigger rims. Joe the owner took my car in even if I was scheduled incorrectly, he then  explained everything, and completed the job under a hour. aligement is what they specialized in and there the masters at it. Joe was great guy as well, and professional. I could feel the difference after the aligmnet. will be do business again.
5	Was recommended by Discount Tire shop. Booked in. Turned up late and they still fit me in right at the end of the day. Friendly staff. They were faster than expected.  Price was exactly as quoted over the phone. Would highly recommend.
5	I didn't get any work done here. I made a 12pm appointment to get then alignment on my car fixed. I thought that's what was wrong with it. I dropped it off and was going to take a walk to kill time while they fixed it. I was called back by the guy who took my keys and he told me it wasn't an alignment issue but a tire issue. Giving a 5 star review based on their high level of integrity they showed. Thank you.
5	Fantastic experience!! I took my Audi S5 in for an alignment and to find out where my car was pulling to the right after its was lowered. Clint did an amazing job identifying the problem and taking care of it. Not only was the shop super clean and organized but they clearly explained the problem and even showed me the issue for myself. Extremely  professional and honest which is hard to find these day in the auto repair world. My car feels great, the steering is tight and responsive. I am definitely a customer for life and would highly recomend this shop to anyone in need of honest work. Thanks Joe for hooking up the members in "Vegas Audi" to a group discount. We all appreciate that.
5	This is the only place in town that was able to align my Porsche.  They weren't able to do so the first time around because I needed a new tie rod but they accommodated for me and got me in quickly once I got the car fixed.  I'm very happy with their service and professionalism.  Next I'm getting the jeep done there!
