5	1st day open !! Fast great food!! Huge portions and good w pricing. Free condiments. Drive thu and also open 24hours
1	Food is not that great. Roberto's is better. Definitely not worth the money, I can make better rolled tacos for a lot less.
1	WTF?  Today i ordered by phone for pick up because that was easiest for us.  That's how we do at Robertos.    Maybe there's a language barrier between me and the lady taking my order but I really think they should learn their menu in English before taking orders by phone.  Or maybe they got lost in translation between the lady who took the order and the person who put our order together.  I don't know!!I ordered Carne Asada fries NO BEANS!!   And plain Nachos with cheese.  First of all, the Carne asada fries clearly had beans.  Omfg the nachos were a joke.  I will post a pic, so refer to that.  It's tortilla chips and it looked like they just melted shredded cheddar cheese on top.  The cheese was really hard.  Really???  Mexican restaurant with no real nacho cheese?  They had to melt shredded cheddar cheese which hardened by the time we got home.  back to Robertos we go.  What a waste of space in southern highlands.
5	Don Tortaco- authentic and fast! I'm giving it five stars because it's open twenty four hours. This location reminds me of several Sunset Blvd locations in Beverly Hills in Cali.
5	Came here to just try it out, but then their food just blew me away! The service is way better then Roberto's the workers actually serve with a smile! The drive through is really convenient. Awesome experience overall and I would defiantly come back again!
2	This place gets 2 stars cause the food is decent.  The biggest problem I have with this place is they can never get my order right. I always check my order before I leave but the burritos they always screw up. Can't really tell what's in it until you take a bite and I'm not about to unroll a burrito before the leave the restaurant.  Maybe I'll be going back to Robertos
5	Delicious, Hot, Mexican Goodness! For being a small shop, they go BIG at Don Tortaco. I'm not gonna lie, I can barely walk right now. The burritos are epic and stuffed full of meat and veggies, and the sauces provided inside (haven't gone through the drive-through yet) are exquisite. The gal who took our order spoke perfect English and was very friendly.Now my one gripe is with their chicken burrito. It tastes great, but they for some reason take two big pieces of chicken breast and just stuff them in there, which makes it very difficult to eat! If you order this I strongly recommend asking them to slice that chicken up a bit first.They have ala carte items that range from $4-$6 or combo plates (very filling), of which most are about $8 after tax. Very modestly priced because the dishes are, despite being a fast-food type joint, easily $16 restaurant quality.Up to this point I have seen what appear to be some very unfair reviews, and I must say that I strongly disagree with them. If you are a good person with a positive attitude who just happens to live in Southern Highlands (maybe by accident? fate?), and you like Mexican food, this place is worth a fair shot.But if you are one of "those" people, just go to Taco Bell... Its right next door. ;)
4	Hubby and I went today.  I ordered Asada plate.  I thought meat was better quality than Robertos.  My husband had enchilada/rellano plate.  I liked mine better.  My plate had rice, beans, pico and guac, along with 2 fresh, piping  hot flour tortillias.  Condiment bar had usual fare.  Food came out very quickly and order was correct.  I will return.
3	If you are looking something fast and good these's the place to go also is few block from my home , is clean , tacos al Pastor are great!!!
5	Love this place food is like back home in LA.  So glad I found it just wish the had more sea food
5	Inspite of the lackluster reviews, I Decided to try this place out because its 24 hours and close to my house. So i get to the place around 5am. The drive thru is not very well lit besides the menus and its a very quite and vacant area when you pull in. I wanted to just test the place out so i didn't order anything to big or crazy. I Went with just 3 Carne Asada Tacos.I pulled up to the window. The guy took my money i think about $8.50 and i proceeded to wait a good 5 minutes at the window. I Have no problem waiting cause usually that means its made when its ordered. Order came up and i told the guy i want red and green sauce and jalapenos. He looked at me and said very matter of factly YES OK.. Was kinda funny.So i get home thinking they are probably going to be some wimpy little tacos, As i open the box i'm amazed at the huge size of these things! Loaded with lots of meat, pico de gallo and guacamole. They tasted as good as they looked and i will definitely be back. I'll remember to take a picture next time. i just wanted to dig right in!!Kathy D. Nacho Cheese is an American Creation.. You mam are an Idiot.. Real mexican places use medium cheddar.
