2	One of the newest restaurant remodels at The Scottsdale Princess Hotel.  LV Bistro is the casual but elegant dining choice at the Princess.  LV Bistro serves breakfast, lunch and dinner in a sleek cafe setting.  The space is bright and open yet, the decor offers a cozy bistro feeling.  Our party of 12  (with kids) were seated close to the kid zone.  The kid zone is a small area set back behind some pillars with some seating, a play table, beanbags and T.V....  The food was good but, nothing extra special.  Of all the entrees the fish specials were the winners.  Also,  the individaul pizzas were great.  I was excited at the possibility of organic chicken noodle soup but, it was served watery and bland.  My shrimp cocktail was plated bare bones style.  Hopefully, the Princess can work out the opening kinks and focus in on getting the basics right.  The best part of our experience was the kids meals including giant homemade cookies and the kid zone which allows the adults to eat and linger a bit longer through the meal. Very family friendly.
4	Had a lovely late lunch here today. Wanted to sit outside and enjoy the perfect weather....this is just what we got plus a nice view of the palm tree lined pool area.For starters my husband and I shared the calamari which was delicious and served with a beautiful sauce.I ordered a banana and strawberry smoothie which I loved and my husband had a Bloody Mary which he said was very, very good.For mains I had the turkey sandwich on multi-grain with a side serve of fries and my husband had the short rib blt  also with a side serving of fries which he enjoyed but had to take most of it home due to its immense size and the filling Bloody Mary! lol : )The service was wonderful....fast and friendly.Highly recommend grabbing a bite to eat here : )
1	1hr for appetizers. Another hour for main entree. Killed my son waiting for for food.
1	Terrible food at lunchtime. Flavorless, uninspiring and thus overpriced. There is such good food in Scottsdale- just go somewhere else.
2	Way too long of a wait.  Food was ok but not worth the price.
3	I had the two pancakes, two eggs, and two slices of bacon.  The food was decent, but not spectacular.  I enjoyed eating outside early in the morning after a morning swim.  Staff was friendly and attentive!  Resort prices for food.
2	Dropped into this place with some colleagues for lunch.  It was summer, so we figured they wouldn't be too busy.  We were right, they weren't.  However, the service was terrible despite being only 1 of 4 tables in the restaurant.After waiting 15 minutes to get seated (remember only 3 tables in the place occupied)...we were seated.  It took another 10 minutes to place our order.I ordered the LV Burger, which was a whopping $15.....yes, I realize we were at a resort restaurant.  I was hoping to experience the best Burger in my life, but alas I was disappointed.   I asked for it medium-well and it came out well-done.  What a disaster!Overall, it was an expensive & disappointing experience.Return Factor - 1.1%
2	O my. Located next to the south pool. Don't even bother.... Hostess sat us down and awkwardly told us buffet style so go ahead and dig in. Great!! I was treated to a buffet of fly infested dessert cakes (no seriously I tried to swat a fly away and it was too busy munching on frosting to even fear the death of my hand swat). We also had some burgers and hot dogs with stale buns. A potato salad that still had freezer burn on it. Ok ill just stop there because you might ask why 2 stars?!? Well as we walk back from my second round of getting my money's worth of buffet ($21), me and my lady noticed people with better fresher food. Turns out the hostess didn't tell us it was buffet or you can order off the menu. The waitress was kind enough after hearing our tragic story to comp one buffet price and my lady got to order nice fresh food off the menu at 20% off. Too bad for me I was full off hardened stale bread, freezer burn ice potatoes, and chocolate cake with a side of fly. :-(
