4	This place a little dive breakfast spot with a golf nick knack theme. There's golf stuff everywhere, golf clubs on the walls, golf clubs and tees as light fixtures, golf pictures. It's definitely a dive but they serve a pretty darn good breakfast. Not to mention, it is SO CHEAP!There's nothing over $6 on the menu. I got 4 slices of french toast, 2 eggs, hash browns, and sausage for $5.50. I mean, $5.50?!?!?!?! You can't even go to McDonalds and get some crappy breakfast for $5.50! Not to mention, the food is good. There's usually a wait on the weekends, especially in the winter months because it's a winter-visitor haven. On any given weekend you generally can count about 30 smiley blue hairs. It's tucked away behind an old-time Western strip mall and can be hard to find, as you can't see it from Apache Trail. But if you can find The Good Apple Natural food store, it's right next door. If you're ever out east during breakfast time, it's definitely worth checking out.
3	It's inexpensive breakfast food at a little dive. Nothing impressive, really. Very popular with the locals and snowbirds alike, however.Visit Date: 11/15/09
4	Like the others have stated.... It's GOOD and CHEAP Americana!! The daily breakfast specials are my favorite. Lots of good food for cheap. The only downside is that during "snowbird season" it's packed with blue-hairs. I like this place!!!  :)
5	The best breakfast bargain there is - no pretense - very attentive servers - the burgers are great also.  My husband rates their patty melt as one of the best he has had.This is a wonderful gem of the old fashioned diners - we have been here dozens of times and never had food that wasn't really really good.  Never a problem with service.
1	Well..... I won't go into gory details but let me just say I finally had a "personal" experience with the madness that I have been overlooking because I myself was always treated well here. Let me just say that the ever-changing staff here indicates the real problem with Hacker's. Even in a field like food service that historically is known for quick turn-over, Hacker's stands out of the crowd. If you eat here and have a good experience with a competent server, 'ya better get to know them fast because chances are, they won't be here long. I have a feeling that "Debra R's" recent review as an ex-employee was far more accurate than I wanted to believe. I have gone from a regular to someone who won't ever return here until I see a "Under New Ownership" sign out front. I feel as I have lost an old friend and I will miss the nice folks that I have become accustomed to seeing here over the past couple of years. Sad.... but I believe in the old adage; "Vote with your money". .....  :^(
1	The Food Is Good The Cost Is Low And You Will Never See The Same Server Twice!   I worked at hacker's for a week in 2010. I had never worked in food service before and let me tell you what this was not the place to learn.The turn over rate mentioned in one of the other reviews is likely because Kim the OCD manager wants everything done the way she would do it and if you do it even a hair different she flips out I think I was the girl that got fired for doing the dishes to loudly but I will never know because I came back to work after my day off and the other waitress met me in the lot with my pay and said " you need to leave it is not going to work" What!! What did I do wrong   One day I got my tips docked because Kim said a few customers left without refills on their drinks O yes if you do chose to eat at this nasty place please take the stupid foam refill cup with you. She flipped out!    Do know by eating at this place you are supporting labor law violations this place is open for 8 hours a shift is open to close and for a server working here you do not get a break or any thing at the end of your shift you are forced to have the cook make something for you to eat or take home that is their way of justifying having you work non stop for 8 hours don't try to use the bathroom you will get yelled at at the end of the day. O ya and all you people that do eat here watch your tips they are all pooled into a pot and after the house takes a generous cut the others get what is left.Like another review said when I see a Under New Ownership sign out front I will return
5	Funny how some people are impossible to please. This "hole in the wall " is packed from 6 AM till 11 AM with regular customer & first timers looking for an inexpensive well prepared breakfast. It is not unusual for the waiting line to extend through the front doors and out into the parking lot. So for those of you that rate this as "A-OK or less", we regulars would be please if you take it on down the road. Just means that we get in a little bit earlier. Do I take all my visitors here at least once, you bet!
5	Glad I finally tried this place. Best breakfast I've had in this area by far. It seems all the negative commenting is coming from ex employees. As far as my experience,  the food was excellent and not greasy at all. The place was very clean, and the staff was very friendly. I had ordered an ice tea, and as I began to leave the waiter had made me one for the road. Will definitely come back!
3	Hacker's is a staple little food joint in a small town. The restaurant is small and full of locals that know the servers very well. The menu is small but sufficient. Chicken noodle soup is pretty good. Cajun chicken sandwich is satisfying. Prices are cheap. If you need a quick bite in Apache Junction, Hacker's is a safe way to go.
4	Great food, decent prices.  We got 2 breakfast plates and a coffee $13.99.  2 pancakes 2 eggs, potatoes,  2 sausage & 2 biscuits and gravy,  2eggs, bacon, potatoes.   We were seated within 5 minutes.   Service was nice and sufficiently fast.  They even made drinks to go.  Very awesome.
5	Good food , service and coffee. Happy happy staff in a very busy place. I read a few reviews and am glad I decided to make up my own mind. I like the place.
2	Hello my fellow Phoenicians and snow birds!It's time for another truthful review... I should start by saying I am not a disgruntled employee just you're average joe on the way to a day trip in the Superstitions.I did read some scary reviews but since there seems to be only one "hole in the wall" diner in the area we took our chances and  here it is in one word..  YUK!There was one server and she ran her butt off , although I only saw her once I felt sorry for her as the place was filled.  The busboys hauled ass cleaning tables, delivering food and everything else so Good Job to all of you!We got there just past 11 and was told we could no longer get breakfast yet 3 tables around us ordered breakfast so we did too.We ordered eggs basted but I really knew better... Not everyone knows how to cook them and corned beef hash which I ordered WELL done.  Of course the top was cooked well and middle not at all so I asked if they could put it back on the grill to cook it more..  As they walked away we heard one guy tell the other to put it in the microwave!   LolWhen I got it back.... Well, do I really need to tell you?  The food was hot but not cooked and the based eggs were literally rubberized... The yolk was hard not runny as a basted egg should be. One of the guys came back and I told him the eggs weren't basted he insisted the were..  I picked the eggs up by the white and it dangled there looking like they were Rubber!I ate the cooked top part of the hash and half piece of toast and my husband ate his bacon and part of the pancake , we asked for our check and told him how disappointed we were and all he did was apologize ... I told him he should be offering to comp the un eaten meal ..  He gave me a funny look and took back the check and said it would come out of his paycheck!  I said absolutely not and told him i would pay and he shouldn't take the loss because the cook doesn't know how to cook!I left a most generous tip and we Left... We noticed the help wanted sign for server and cook and I do hope they find people quick.... Especially someone who calls themselves a cook and actually knows what a freaking basted egg is!I feel sorry for all the snowbirds who flocked this diner that this is there only choice for food in town and even sorrier they somehow developed a taste for this crud on a plate!The only reason I was generous and gave 2 stars is because I felt sorry for the hard working staff!So there it is, plain and true!Try it if you want.... But don't say you weren't warned!Enjoy the weather and  Bon Appetite'
2	This place has been around for ages, and has always been popular amongst the locals.  You can't even get even get a seat during snowbird season, as its become such a hot spot.  The food is decent, and over time the place has become very well established within the AJ community.So why the low review?  It's as well-known for the beat up interior as it is for the food.  Despite years of great business, the owner flat-out refuses to put any money back into it, so the place is in shambles.  Parking an atrocious uneven dirt lot, the building looks like it's condemned, and the inside is just falling apart.   It's been that way as long as I can remember, and each time I go back, I'm amazed at the continual decline.  The food is decent, but the staff are disinterested, and it looks like a total dump.  If they ever decide to take a little pride and put some work into the place, I'll be the first to change this to a glowing 5 star review.  I'd love to see the owner step up and mke use of their enormous potential.
4	Okay, this is a local's secret. Tucked away off the beaten track. It's not pretty from the outside. The inside is okay! It was recently remodeled so it is much better then it used to be. People flock here because the food is great! The service is pretty good as well. The staff is running when it's busy, which is pretty much all day everyday. The prices are good and considering the quality of the food, I'd say really a great deal! You may have trouble finding it, but once you've been I'm sure you will return!
4	I'm giving this place four stars because I'm rating as a divey joint. Compared to a nice place, it would pale. For a small town grill it was pretty good. We went on a Sunday, when they serve breakfast all day. Decor is outdated, but it was renovated so it's in good shape. Also nice and clean. All the servers were very friendly. Our drinks stayed full and they all had smiles on. The food was tasty, but each of us had omelets so I can't tell you how lunch items taste. Hash browns were hot, eggs were fluffy. The chilies in my omelet certainly came from a can, but my whole plate was so cheap, I didn't care.  The surprisingly awesome part? Hot chocolate! It was rich and thick with a pile of whipped cream. Yum!Our food came out super quick too and the place was 2/3 full. Overall, I'd recommend this place if you're looking for inexpensive, normal, tasty food and service with a smile.
5	Small town feel and AMAZING service. Kim swoops right over to take your order, and a team of staff checks on your every need. no one misses a beat. food is hot fresh and fast everytime, no matter how packed they are. the building is really old but very sparkly clean. Highly recommended for breakfast.  Chuck the cook makes perfect, crispy hashbrowns everytime!
