3	The staff was super friendly. It's a buffet place filled w eggplant, chicken and cheese dishes in spicy Indian sauce and 2 types of rice. It killed that spicy Indian craving I was having. Beer, wine and liquor available. Happy hour everyday from 5-7pmWe visited on a Saturday afternoon so  Atmosphere was quite, staff was very attentive buffet was full. The eggplant dish was cold the rest was warm. With just us 2 in the restaurant  it felt very stuffy. Couldn't imagine how it would be with a full house. Overall it's was good and satisfied my craving for Indian food. My hubby was so full and for $30 bill for all we cud eat and 2 beers I'd have to say it we were pretty content.
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Ah, another nice new Buffet to try!  India Gate used to live in here & it was a low 3 Stars.  Yelp HQ says they "moved", but actually they used to have two locations & this one folded.Now we have Taj Indian Cuisine here.  These guys are doing better than IG was.  The restaurant looks about the same inside, but the Lunch Buffet was up to 19 items now (counting the salad ingredients separately but not counting sauces & toppings).  That's still a little small, but unlax, you'll get enough to eat!     :-)The host & hostess were nice and both the room temperature and sound were fine.  This is a smallish dining room with a full bar, but around the corner (still inside) you come to a big dining room dubbed here as the Banquet Hall.  The small part filled up pretty much with the lunch crowd & I don't know if anyone was seated on the other side by the time I left.Let's get my little niggle out of the way:There's something about the Feng shui that doesn't strike me right about this place and & I felt the same way when it was India Gate.  I get that once in a while regarding a restaurant & I can't pin it down.  Ok, maybe I'm nuts, but there it is.     :-)Ok, so please DO come try this place for yourself .  THE FOOD IS GOOD HERE & you're getting that from someone one who's eaten at all but one of the 31 currently open Indian & Pakistani Buffets in the Valley.  Some of the items that were especially tasty here today were the Garlic Naan, the Chicken Tikki Masala, the moist Tandoori Chicken and the Saag Paneer (saucy spinich with cubes of Indian cheese).  There was Keema Mater (lamburger), more familiar Indian tastes & a couple of dessert items.  Nice normal small china bowls were available for the soupy items, food seasoning was mild to medium spicy & everything was served at the right temperature.     :-)Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.99
3	Decided to try this out rather than go with my usual go to indian food place. We Ordered Chicken TIkka Masala, Paneer Tikka Masala, Chili Naan and Garlic Naan. The Naan bread was awesome, but there was an issue that me and my buddy at work had. THE MASALA WAS WAY TOO SALTY!!! We both found ourselves picking out just the chicken and the paneer because the sauce had way too much salt. Normally i would give this only 2 stars, but the lady at the counter threw in a free desert. The desert was 2 donut hole looking things in some milky tapioca water, it did not suit my taste buds. I will give it another try in a month or so and see if there are any changes. I did like the atmosphere in the restaurant and the people were really nice. 3 stars.
1	Like another poster here, I also found my order to be INSANELY salty to the point of being inedible. Normally, I'm a huge fan of Indian food, but if I were to eat at this place again, they'd need to assure me that they would "hold the salt".
1	Even though I read the previous posts about it being too salty I decided to give it a try (bad choice...I just wanted Indian food so badly).  I went to the website to order takeout and there were no prices listed, just description of the food (odd).  When I ordered they were very nice.  I told them to make the dishes (chicken tikka masala and the vegetable korma) mild.  The dishes were tooooooooo spicy and tooooooo salty, plus the raita is thin and watery.    I like spicy and can I tell you it was inedible.  I called Paul who said he would take my name down but we won't be going back.  Too many have said it's too salty over a long enough period of time that this must be their norm.  Needless to say, $30.00 later my husband is eating cereal and I am heating ravioli for my son.  I should have listened to the other reviews :(
1	There are two listings for Taj.  Here and Taj Indian Cuisine & Banquet Hall.  Since there are no reviews here I suggest you look for the others and read before you visit.
5	I came here for a family event. The hostess was very friendly. We were seated promptly. They did not get flustered and were able to accommodate even the pickiest of my family. I'm an Indian and so when I have Indian food I'm very critical. I have to say,all the food here is delicious.
5	We got takeout today - chicken tikka masala, tandoori chicken, naan, and mango lassi [this is how I take the temperature of an Indian restaurant].  Solid 4.5 to 5 stars.  Chicken was extremely moist; spices were well balanced.  Asked for "bahut spicy" (ie, food of the five alarm variety) and they did pretty damn well on that front.Recently under new management, and they were spot on tonight.  Lunch buffet is only $8.99, which is outstanding for Indian buffet.  I'll have to try that, too.
5	Love the food.  Absolutely love it.  We've been there twice now and plan to go back every week or two.  The "royal dinners" are to die for.Great service too!
3	Based on some the positive reviews on yelp, wife and I decided to try out this place. Sunday night at around 8 pm, there was not a single customer in the restaurant. No take out orders coming in either. The server that we had for the night was really an odd case. We couldn't understand what he was saying and perhaps he couldn't understand what we were saying. They had a special offer on yelp for draft beer which we wanted to check in and take advantage of.  The server didn't know what yelp was or the types of beer they had in stock on draft or bottled. We asked him to send someone else to talk to us. Seems like the only other staff in the restaurant was the (only?) cook. He was of no use either. We settled on not having beer and ordered ginger chicken kabob as an appetizer. The good was decent but not great. It can on a bed of lettuce vs onions as mentioned on the menu. The chicken was tender but lacked flavors. Also, wasn't cooked kabob style per se if you know what I mean. We decided to not order main course, paid the ticket and got out of there. Summary: will not go back here. Thanks for reading.
4	While I had a bad first experience, it felt like there had been a mistake of some sort, so I decided to give this place another shot on a whim. I wasn't disappointed. The staff was very friendly, and the food was fantastic this time around. Definitely making this part of my regular round of Indian food places now!
5	One of the best buffets!  Fresh, hot & full of flavor.  The staff is friendly & very attentive.  We keep coming back because of the cleanliness, foods variety & the best staff.  If you haven't been, you have to go.
5	Love the buffet, the service, location, and atmosphere. Service is fantastic and the beverages were good
5	I love this place. Nice selection and it tastes homemade. The lunch buffet is outstanding. They also have a nice beer selection. This is my new go-to Indian restaurant!!!
1	Very disappointing. I used to come to this place when it had a different name. The selection is worse and the food is very bland. Many better options in Chandler/Tempe area. Lunch buffet $9 but still not worth it
5	This is a great place to eat we love eating here
1	Indian food has a huge British influence from the days of the British Empire and being English I've eaten my fair share of Indian food, since moving to Arizona my wife and I have eaten at a few Indian restaurants and I have been pleasantly surprised that it was comparable to the Indian food I'd had in England. I was craving popadoms and the sauces and mango chutney that usually come with it so I chose this place because of the online ordering since we where getting it to go. I ordered a bunch of stuff including 3 orders of popadoms at $1.99 each and 2 chutneys, I expected at least a couple of popadoms per order at the same price as a nan bread. We went to collect it and when I arrived the order was only just coming in so we had to wait 20mins, this wasn't really an issue as it was a Sunday night and the game was on for us to watch. Since we where waiting and watching the game my wife ordered a crown and sprite with a lemon, the gentleman poured about 3 shots of crown into a small wine glass followed by a small squirt of sprite and handed it too my wife with a bowl full of lemons, no ice! It was warm and horrid! She's a trooper and just chugged it down in 3 attempts, after squeezing all the lemons into it lolWe got our food, I double checked with the guy about chutney and left. We got back to the hotel and became very disappointed to find that 1 order of popadoms for $1.99 was for a single popadom and there was no mango chutney or sauces. Our 2 orders of chutney was 1 styrofoam cup of carrots and a bit of cauliflower! My chicken samosas had no potato or anything else in it other than what seemed like ground beef.The garlic nan breads seemed to have no sign of garlic.The rest of the food was extremely bland and the rice was not the basmati rice you usually associate with Indian food. The usually crispy mounds of onion bhaji were a bunch of soggy onion rings.I've learnt my lesson and will think twice about getting togo from an Indian restaurant that I've never eaten at again.
1	Their food...was average.  The food was delivered in waves. Naan was delivered to the table at the end of the meal.  Their menu selections were adequate.Their prices....were okay.  The prices seemed to be in-line with the quality of their food.Their service...was slow and steady; food was delivered in a disjointed manner.  The server would not accept an Entertainment Book offer stating, "the 'owner' told me to not accept this offer."  Their denial of a offer to get you in their restaurant was obviously a scam.  The server also made a point to leave a cash tip when we were paying for the meal.  That was a classy touch to end the Taj experience.Overall....their food was average, their prices were average, their service was average and their denial to accept their offer was shady.  The overall experience gets one star because I can't select zero stars.
4	When Air Canada screwed up our flights, I phone the Sheraton and they cancelled our first night's reservation even though technically they did not have to. When our hot water was not working, they gave us buffet breakfast. - free. They gave us a cot for our room -free. They upgraded us to one of the best rooms in the hotel - free. They went out of their way to give us a great stay.
