5	Had an apple butter bbq burger it was cooked great & loved the sauce. The fries were amazing to boot
5	Best onion rings I've ever had!  Amazing burgers cooked to perfection.  Great place with a cool neighborhood vibe.
5	The new proprietors of the kitchen have successfully created the best burger that I have ever tasted.  The burgers consist of different hand ground cuts of hormone free, free range beef.  The French fries are double blanched, double fried guaranteeing a crisp, yummy fry.  The onion rings are cut to order, the tempura batter light and the homemade dipping sauce perfect.  Stop in and ask for James, one of the new owners and the chef.
1	Attempted to check this place out on a Friday night. The address listed is the same as the Park Place Pub. There was no sign anywhere (that I could see) indicating that this burger joint existed. My hubby and I even ventured into the pub to see if the place was inside, but we quickly left after the smell of stale smoke greeted us.
5	Hands down the best tasting burger I've ever had. An unassuming place that's easy to miss, this eatery is located in the back of the Park Place Pub. Don't let the location dissuade you. This is not bar food. These guys are dishing out some seriously delicious food that's fresh and positively yummy. In addition to the amazing burgers, the onion rings and fries are also blow your mind great. So, if you feel like giving your diet the middle finger for one meal and scarfing down some really good food, this is the place for you.
5	Not the easiest place to find....but once you do, you won't be disappointed! The burgers are great that are cooked to your likings. The applebutter BBQ burger is delicious and I highly recommend it! The employees are also very friendly :)Everyone go enjoy!
3	Ok so here's the deal. This place could be so great, but unfortunately I can't give it a four or five stars because it's just not worth it. My wife got the Applebutter BBQ, which was delicious. The fries that came with it were crispy and good, but nothing amazing. Personally, Five Guys' fries are better. This is where the good news stops. I got the Applewood burger, which sounded amazing with Gouda cheese, apple slices, and applewood bacon. However, while the burger itself was cooked well and had good seasoning, the rest of it overall was pretty bland tasting. I was hoping the apples would give good flavor, but it was pretty pedestrian. You really couldn't taste the cheese or apples. Again though, the BBQ burger was delish!The restaurant is hard to find because it is part of the Park Place Pub, which you don't know until you get there. This means you have to buy your food at the counter, then if you want drinks (of any kind) you have to purchase them separately from the bar. Two purchases for one meal. What this place has going for it in delicious burger, it lacks in presentation and atmosphere. Also, there's nothing really in the way of kids food. I got grilled cheese and mini-burgers for my kids for $8 each (seems a bit much to me). I'll probably order from here for takeout when I'm jonesing for a craft burger locally, but that's about it.
4	Ok,I gave it a 4 stars based on the fact that the signature burger ,The Applewood was very good. The service was great the guys who waited on us were very nice and helpful, they had no problem kind of guiding you through the menu. I kind of wish they had their own restaurant; It is located in the back of Park Place Pub and there is no sign outside that I could see. So they lost one star for that and that alone. That being said ,i understand you have to start some where, so when you get your own place make sure it is well lit, people like to see their food.  I recommend  you try their burgers you won't  be disappointed.
