5	Last June, I had a consultation with Dr, Bryan Garner at his office to be fitted for braces. After reviewing the financial breakdown of the cost, I found out I could not only get my braces, but that it wasn't as much as I figured it would be in terms of price. Dr. Garner thoroughly explains everything and recommends what is best for your dental situation, whether it be an overbite, an open bite, or something simple that Invisalign can work for. The options for braces in this office are Metal, Ceramic, or Invisalign, but Invisalign only works for certain types of bite problems, not for open bites.My first appointment, I got my spacers, and the following week came the braces. Dr. Garner and his staff made me feel at ease and right at home upon my first visit and they've become like family ever since. They always have a smile and are very personable, approachable, and accessible. They are very good about working with people when things come up, such as a delay in payment or even an emergency regarding loose wires, broken or fallen-off brackets, etc. Dr. Garner's office has a referral program, where if you refer someone to them and that person uses Dr. Garner's services, you get a referral bonus added to your total bill. I referred a friend and got a $100 referral bonus. They do all sorts of incentives throughout the year as well as contests and giveaways. I also like how I can get different colors put on my brackets each time I go just to change things up a little bit. If you or anyone you know is in need of orthodontal work, I highly recommend setting up a consultation with Dr. Garner and getting your braces or Invisalign done by him. Take it from me...I am a very happy patient!
5	I cannot recommend Garner Orthodontics highly enough! I got Dr. Garner's name from a trusted friend who is also a pediatric dentist. He said that he often sees children with orthodontic work being done the right way and when he asks who the orthodontist is the answer is most often 'Dr. Garner.' This dentist friend trusts his children's ortho work to Dr. Garner and so do I! Additionally, I myself had to get braces on as an adult (due to my teenage orthodontist's shortcuts--grr!) and Dr. Garner did a fabulous job. Don't go for an orthodontist just because they are the cheapest...get it done right the first time. Dr. Garner is a perfectionist and he will give you great results!
