5	We flew Allegiant Air for the first time, on a new looking MD 380.  Nice plane, but more spartan than full price carriers.  No Screens...no music, no first class, no reclining seats.  The upholstery doesn't cover the backs of the seats, so you sit looking at a gray plastic seat back in front of you.  Nothing is free, buy your ticket, then pay for seats, overhead bags, checked bags, a can of soda, or bottle of water is $2.  Booze were $7 (as I recall).   All that's okay with me...all flights are direct, the plane flew, it landed, it was on time, it was cheap.
1	I will NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER Fly this airline again. Customer service is TERRIBLE and there's no such thing as a cheap flight here!
1	one star is too much.  they are horrible - awful - the worst bucket of bolts in the sky spend the extra $50 for an airline that won't break your luggage, delay every flight or cancel it all together, and for one that won't charge for water and treat you like sh!#.  They have the worse customer service at the airport, on the phone, in their corporate offices you may save a few dollars but you will always be disappointed with your experience. NEVER FLY WITH ALLEGIANT AIR
5	Allegiant Airlines is an airline company that offers exactly what you pay for. Nothing is in 'fine print' and everything is clearly identified regarding what you are and are not paying for.My review is based on my round trip flight experience from Cincinnati to Fort Lauderdale.If you have ever tried flying anywhere from CVG, you'll know how difficult it is to find cheap, affordable direct flights to anywhere that isn't a hub. Flying to FLL costs me not only an arm, but also half a day. Flying direct with Delta costs another leg and a half.I found out Allegiant was starting to offer flights and was super shocked that a direct flight was cheaper than the connection flights with US Air, and even more shocked that it was available on Friday afternoon with an early afternoon Sunday return. Absolutely perfect.Like most things that seem too good to be true, I looked up the airline and was wary because of claims that there were consistent delays, bad service, and no way of getting on other flights since they only operate one a day.But after my trip, I have to say it was super pleasant. Sure, there's no complimentary drink or cookie, no free carry on, and you can't recline the seats, but I'm not a giant, I can bring my own food, and I can pack light. Plus, a carry on still brings the ticket price to below a bearable level.I have only ridden once, but I was definitely pleased by their promptness, on time departures and arrivals, competency of the pilots, politeness of the flight attendants, and acceptable interior space capacity.
