5	This really used to be my spot. My friend Kath (in my pic) and I would be here every weekend because, really, Green Valley could really be sleepy on the weekends. Anyway, this is the best bar for getting a bit fancy, and spending a night on the town without having to actually deal with the club scene. The bar is always packed on a weekend, and is always a sure bet for a fun night. They offer my favorite brewsky in a bottle, and if I am feeling super scandalous, they vodka selection is similar to a club. There are also plasmas so if you get bored (which you won't) you can catch up on whatever is on. The music is loud, the people are hot (for the most part) and the place is packed. Circle Bar is all of the perks of a club with none of the sweaty dancefloor dudes. Maybe some, but at least they are not dancing.
4	This bar would otherwise get three stars except for the fact that it is: A) At the Hard Rock Casinoand B) The only place we visited on our trip to Vegas that offered us a Happy Hour discount, and for that it gets a little extra. I've been to this bar before, but usually before hitting up Body English at the Hard Rock. During my recent excursion to LV we decided to venture off the strip to see what was going on at Hard Rock Casino before our big night out. What I love about the Hard Rock it it's size, it is MUCH smaller compared to the big over-the-top casinos on the strip, however HR has what they don't...Rock-n-Roll memorabilia. The Circle Bar at Hard Rock is located right smack in the middle of the casino floor and from there you can pretty much see everything that is going on anywhere in the room. We posted up to watch a bit of the Olympics opening ceremony on their flat screens and ordered a couple of drinks. They had a few 2 for 1 drink specials going so we stayed for longer than expected, and the bartender really treated us right. Later on, when we went to close out our tab the number of people in the same bar had about quadrupled, making it really hard to get any of that special attention, but hey that's totally understandable.
3	So, perhaps I enjoyed Circle Bar because it was 5am, my girlfriend and I had been invited for a drink by a hooker, and this guy kept sending over lemon drops....BUT, all that aside, Circle Bar is fun to grab a drink and watch the dancers, or pregame/post game Body English....Strong drinks, fun bar tenders, and a comical atmosphere at 5am....
4	I heard about the Circle Bar on the Highway radio station on the way to Vegas. Happy hour on Saturday from 4pm-8pm...Wait what the? Happy hours on the weekends in Socal are completely unheard of! So I decided to pay a visit here. I must say it wasn't something truly spectacular, but I do love the convenience of being in the middle of the casino floor and looking on to the traffic in the entire casino. If you have never been to the Hard Rock, the entire casino is a circle and basically you are in the middle of it.  The happy hour prices were decent for Vegas. I was able to get two goose drinks for under $18, which is a great deal. The music videos on screen do not match up with the music that is played in the club. It took me the longest time to figure that out. The bartender was quick to serve and was definitely friendly even though it was happy hour. Usually happy hour you expect cheeseball service, we did not get that here.  The ceilings changing colors definitely makes for some good pictures without added photo shop special effects.  Speaking of something special... I saw Katy Perry walk by with a bunch of flashing bulbs. I had to chug the rest and chase her down for some photos. I am guessing this is a typical night at the Hard Rock. The Circle Bar is definitely worth the stop if you are there for a quick drink before a game, or a night of just some drunken good time.
4	After hitting up Heart bar and V Bar, this was our next stop. Our only venture off the strip, but it was fun!Definitely the most crowded of all the bars we went to that night, and lively too. A bunch of people were dancing and getting all freaky, entertaining to watch for sure. My friend and I got some more drinks, avoided all the creeps, and were on our way. We were on a damn mission to hit up as many bars as we could. I don't remember the cab ride back :)OH! Other than singing "Boom Boom Pow" to our driver of course.
4	This Circle Bar is the centerpiece of the entire Hard Rock Casino.  Not only can you see the entire casino floor from this location, but it is also THE place to meet people.  There is a never-ending parade of people hanging out in this area.One night, while hanging in the bar, a guy got up on one of the drum kits and started playing.  He got about 15 seconds worth or air-time before he was tackled by security and ousted from the casino...for life!  Ouch, I hope it was worth it.  It was in my book.
4	I like the fact that this is a low maintenance place to drink with your friends.  there are seats, it is not so loud that you cannot carry on a conversation, and its easy to get a drink.  but i wouldnt call it low key because you can still have a debaucherous time.  the last time i was here, my friends persuaded me to talk to an insanely scary looking man with a "Hate" shirt on so that i could find out where he was from.  That was a big mistake but it kind of shows you the people watching potential that this place has, in a good and a bad way.  Oh yeah, lots of hookers are rumored to hang out here too.
4	This is why I am a fan of Circle Bar at Hard Rock:People. Watching. Okay so you can people watch anywhere really, but Hard Rock is one of the best places to do so. I don't know what it is about Hard Rock, but it attracts some really ridiculous people. I'm talking really drugged-out or just plain old stupid drunk Las Vegas tourists. If you don't have anything better to do on a Friday or a Saturday night plopping down at Circle Bar and enjoying the circus parade through to different night clubs, etc. through the Hard Rock is hilarious and fun.Also, I've been here on more occasions than other casino bars because I frequent The Joint for concerts. So, going to Circle Bar beforehand is always a nice precursor to the evening, or even going there for post-drinks. Prices are typical Las Vegas casino prices. Don't expect to go here on the cheap or anything. Also - Circle Bar and Hard Rock itself are better for me being a tattooed girl. At Hard Rock if I wear a sleeveless dress I won't get the weird stares at my large tattoo I have on my right arm. And more often than not I'll get compliments about it over anything else.
4	Looking for trouble in Vegas?  Hang out at the Circle Bar for a little while, and you're sure to find that it will eventually stumble it's way into your evening.People come to party like rock stars at Hard Rock, and the Circle Bar is (literally) in the middle of it all.  During peak hours, it's a fun place to hang out, and I've learned a few things by frequenting this rock n roll watering hole:--------------------------------------HOW TO GET FREE(ish) DRINKS AT THE CIRCLE BAR:--------------------------------------It seems that not many people are familiar with slot comps.  This works at many bars in Vegas, but here's the heads up anyway: If you play those video poker/blackjack machines at the bar, the bartender will comp your (non top shelf) drinks (one at a time).  Here's how to do it:-  Put at least $20 into the machine.-  I recommend also putting your Rockstar Player's Card into the machine (hey, why not build some comp dollars towards food while you're earning your free drinks??).-  Play video blackjack.  The video poker odds are more stacked against your goal of breaking even or possibly winning.-  Play at least $1 per hand.  The bartenders will likely enforce this if you want the free drinks.  If you don't like gambling in general (or not on a machine); play slow, or take your bet down to 25 cents when the bartenders aren't looking.-  They'll put a glass in front of you with your comp receipt.  Put your tips in the glass.  Tip at least a dollar or two per cocktail, as you get them.  Don't be one of those cheapos that tries to tip at the end.  If they see the dollar bills filling that glass, they'll keep coming back and offering you more drinks.--------------------------------------THE (alleged) CONCAVE/PARABOLIC CEILING PHENOMENON "ICE BREAKER"--------------------------------------Because the ceiling high above the Circle Bar is of a round, concave shape, sound allegedly will strangely bounce around, and travel from one side of the bar to the other.  Some have claimed to be able to clearly hear conversations on the other side of the large bar, even though the music and crowd are very loud.I watched my friend doing quite well with a young lady at the bar by explaining this phenomenon.  He looked pretty silly trying to predict what people on the opposite side of the bar were ordering; or actually running over to the other side to speak to her and prove his theory.  I personally couldn't hear what he was saying, but she ate it up.--------------------------------------The Circle Bar is a good time!  The amount of trouble you get into (or avoid for that matter) is really up to you.  You have been warned.  Enjoy!
3	Not bad not bad.  It's bar, it's a big circle.  They poured us some massive shots when we ordered a round of such.  Then off to the strip.
4	Always a good place to start/end your night with a drink while staying at the hard rock.
4	They actually have good drink specials, and it is a fun place top hang out if you are getting beat at the tables. Which, for me has been the past few times.  I also noticed they make the drinks strong here, which is always a plus.  This is a perfect place to people watch, as you get a full view of the action on the main casino floor if you are at the bar.  Or wait for your buddies if they are hot on the tables.Play the video machines at the bar (minimum $20), and you get drinks on the house.  At least tip them $1-2 a drink though.  They'll come back a little more often than if it stays empty.
5	Oh the good ol' circle bar! I was was mistaken for a call girl by hooker here... I took it as a compliment. I was on point with my swag that night. This bar has quick service and is a good look out point for entertainment. The acoustics created by the domed ceiling make it a great spot to eavesdrop on patrons on the opposite sides of the bar. It's hilarious. It sounds like the person is talking right in your ear. We thought there was fake recoded sound to make the place sound more active... then the bartender told us what was up.
4	This place get's crazy! Go here after you already have a good buzz. Put 20 bucks in the video poker machine and play $1 hands and your drinks are free. Just don't forget to tip the nice bartender that pours it for you. Also - they can see something behind the bar that tells them how much you are playing, so don't try to bullshit them. The guy next to me tried that and it didn't work.
4	This place was fun and reasonably priced for a hotel bar in Vegas. I ordered a jamo and ginger ale bartender had a heavy hand and it was a nice pour.
1	Working was the Bald guy on Wednesday night. My husband asked for a cocktail menu, bartender took five minutes to find the one cocktail menu they had on hand. We ordered three drinks that took twenty minutes to make. Two cherry bombs and one Japanese whiskey that he mixed (the Japanese was mixed with well vodka) all these drinks were supposed to be high end liquor. 20 minutes we were waiting! No one else was there! We were the only ones, besides the two waitresses, and tall young, brown haired bar tender. My husband then presents his travel zoo. Once again we are god damned lepers for having a coupon. Bald guys says they are not valid for high end liquor ( he didn't mention he poured in the well vodka to mix with  Japanese whiskey drink). NEVER  does the voucher mention there is a stipulation on high end liquor, check yourself, but  Okay fine, my husband just wants to get out of there so he says  " okay just give us six doubles that are comparable to the ones we ordered" the bald bartender sarcastically says" nothing on this is comparable to what you just ordered" what?! Well drinks that you thought you slyly passed off?! Hey guys fuck you! We spent $120 dollars on shanangins! Shame to the two bartenders who didn't think we'd notice your slight of hand, you're amature magicians at best.
