1	went during my lunch break in between class. i didnt have a great experience.. only 1 server for this small dinning place. our party only saw our server 3 times exactly: to seat us, take our order, and deliver our check. they offer buy 1 get 1 free burgers, so the 4 of us ordered that.. these burgers tasted bland, no flavor at all. when we finally got our check because it took forever sad enough they don't "split" the bill. so no cash and card.. they only take 1 form of payment, that's always a bummer when eating out with friends.
5	this bar is like the Cheers bar! love all the bartenders and the food is great! you gotta try the Onion soup or sliders! so good! if u like a non smoking mello dining area the dinning room it the best bet for u. it a small place and has a bar separate frm dining room. the prices are good and the service is excellent! they always make us feel welcomed =) oh and the daily specials are off the hook! buy 1 get one free burgers for lunch and whatever week day specials they have. over all this place is a good casual dining place but I am often at the bar and that place is great! lol  hope u try it out..(Sometimes smokey tho) after 5pm if your a local bar type of person...This is your place! =)
5	Try the Bacon and Eggs.  For a reasonable $4.50 (plus tax/tip), you get a decent portion of 3 eggs ( recommend adding cheese for another $.50), roughly 6 pieces of bacon, a large helping of hash browns, and toast (recommend English Muffin).  If you are looking for a smaller portion, try the $2.99 special (w/purchase of drink) of Eggs, Bacon/Sausage, Toast, and Home Fries.  The service is a bit slow when it gets busy (Saturday and Sundays), but they do their best with the staffing at hand.
4	Its a cool, laid back cheers like bar with 6 tv screens for sports or of anything of interest ( but no volume unless its the Superboowl) . The service is good as well as the food, drinks are made right & very reasonable in price. The bartenders are people persons and very attentive. They have a jukebox for good music.  A good place to relax or to meet up with friends to have a couple of beverages. Just wish they had better smoke ventilaters within the bar.
4	Oh yeah, every friday and only on friday, they serve fried fish ( pollock ) till its gone. Large size fish portions that are not over battered but very tasty with a nice crunch on every bite. Filling and very delicious. Also, drinks are very good too!
4	If you like your burgers greasy, dripping with juice that you need tons of napkins for then you may like this place. That's why I come here for at least! The Mushroom Onion burger has tons of mushrooms and grilled onions added and if you like bacon, then you'll appreciate the whole lot of bacon they add to their bacon burger. I counted 6 slices atop of Mr. B's order.  They are cooked to order.  You can hear the burgers sizzlin and pans banging in the kitchen nearby ;)  Sad that they ended their 2for1 deal they had going on and bummed out my friend who first recommended this place moved further away, so havent had lunch here for awhile. The restaurant part of this place is clean, just a slight stench of cigarettes when you first walk past by the enclosed bar area. It's never too busy.  Very casual and family friendly.  Service has always been awesome.  Our servers never rushed our party out even after we've stayed a little while longer. This place is located in the strip mall where Smiths grocery store resides. They also serve up breakfast, which I notice a few families come out here for.
