1	I am giving this place 1 star for a very good reason.  I've been to this place twice now approx 2-3 weeks apart, on my way to work very early in the morning. Once inside, and once in the drive thru.  I think I had the same person take my order both times.  Well BOTH times my order was messed up.  How do you screw up breakfast?????First time I was there I told him I wanted the new egg white mcmuffin with the white cheese ( I even POINTED to the huge pictures they have displayed on the wall)  and i want sausage.  When I opened it up, there was american cheese on it.  When I went the 2nd time in the drive thru, I ordered a sausage egg biscuit and a sausage egg white muffin with the white cheese, and a hashbrown. I had a buy one get one coupon and my total was only $2.40 I knew right then he messed it up.  Sure enough, I pay and open my bag and there was canadian bacon on my sandwich instead of sausage and no egg on my sausage egg biscuit.  Both times I was the only person there. I'd hate to see what kind of mistakes they make when their busy.  GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER!!!! Making a breakfast sandwich isn't rocket science. !!!!
3	Ran through the drive thru today on the way to work for the much advertised "Egg White Delight McMuffin".  250 calories & 7 grams of fat! (versus the regular Egg McMuffin-300 calories and 12 grams of fat)  Oh hells yes!   I am a HUGE fan of the Egg McMuffin and was excited to try this one.  If only McDonalds would serve these breakfast sandwiches all the time and not just the morning my whole darn world would be brighter!  Sigh!  I think I need to start a petition!Anyways, back to my sandwich.  The egg was fluffy, light and airy.  Totally not what I expected but hugely amazed at how good it was.  It wasn't dry like I had thought it would be.  The cheese was a white cheese versus the American cheese on the Egg McMuffin.  I didn't notice much different.  Overall the Egg White Delight is probably better than the Egg McMuffin.  Ooops shhhhh did I just say that?  The service was alright.  Nothing too crazy but it WAS in the drive thru.  As long as everything comes out as ordered all is good right?  My only complaint which is always my complaint with Micky D's is they never put very much ice in their drinks.  Why is that?  SMH
3	Swung by here on my way back to work. I wanted something fast and easy and fast is what I got. By the time I got to the second window my food was there. I got a double bacons cheeseburger which was pretty tasty and some french fries. The only down fall was that my food wasn't as hot as I would of liked. I think it was sitting under a heat lamp for some time.
4	I NEVER eat McDonalds but on this one occasion I decided to stop and get an OJ and hash brown (9:00am).... I have never been treated better through a drive thru than I have this morning! The entire staff from the one taking my order to getting my order!! 4 stars cause let's face it, it's still McDonalds!!
1	Disgustingly filthy. Every table was dirty. I saw one food preparer sneeze into her hand, then continued to prepare food without washing her hands.
1	I usually stop by here between the hours of 1am-3am due to my work schedule & the guy who I always see will not only take my order at the speaker, but will also repeat it to me at the window, but wrong so don't bother even ordering at the speaker.  Also they conveniently only take cash during the hours I visit. Pretty weird.
1	This place still sucks. Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.
1	Different person working today. Still couldn't get the order right. STILL sucks. Still.
3	Over the past few months, my consumption of McDonald's food has markedly increased, thanks to an increase in my cycling mileage.  I mean, really, when else is it acceptable, nay, even expected, to replenish lost salts and calories via Mickey D's?  Thus, my feelings towards McD's may be skewed to be more positive than most yelpers.  When I dropped into this McDonald's for a quick lunch break during a bike ride, I was famished and heartily devoured a hot cheeseburger and fresh fries in approximately 2 seconds.  After inhaling my lunch, I noticed that the place was clean and, after a quick visit to the loo, the restroom was clean as well.  Staff seemed pleasant enough and got both my husband's order and mine correct (although that should really be a given).  McD's is what it is and I'm always glad to see the golden arches when I'm riding my bicycle!
