3	Hanging out in Gila Bend, Arizona.We stopped at this motel to sleep cause it was the first hotel we saw after almost running out of gas on the freeway.  This hotel looks a little run down but it is way clean and very affordable. The man at the office was super nice and helpful and was even willing to not charge tax cause he thought I didn't have enough cash but I found some.     It's so nice to have the car right outside our door since we are on a road trip and don't want to unpack.  It looks like a lot of the cars/trucks in the parking lot belong to blue collar workers.   They have great Internet access,  washers and dryers, a pool, barbecues, cable tv and a microwave and fridge in the room.  One downside could be that a train passes by here every so often. I would totally come back here cause I also liked that it takes one second to get from the office to your room or the pool or the ice machine and in some bigger/nicer/more expensive hotels you have to walk forever to get to these places.
4	Basic but owner gave me a nice cash discount, good free wifi, clean pool, friendly. Would stay again.
1	My husband and I stayed there overnight because we were exhausted from driving all night.  This was without a doubt the nastiest hotel I have ever stayed in.  We would not take off our shoes when walking in the room.  A few times we asked the other "do we really want to stay here"?  We both itched all night, probably psycosomatic from how dirty it was.  I worried all night about our car with our travel belongings and merchandise we bought while on vacation, but fortunately our car wasn't broken into.  We got up at 6, brushed our teeth, got dressed and got the hell out of there.  Do yourself a favor and spend more than $40.00 and get a cleaner room.
1	Stopped here after car breaking down at 2am. Walked a mile to this place and was grateful they were still open. My happiness with them ended there. Our room was vile. The sheets were stained and dirty, hair on the pillows. Splatter of something on the wall. Air conditioner could not cool the room down, found a cockroach. Disgusting place.We walked the half mile to the best western and were much happier.
1	Cheap, rundown, dirty, but cheap.
