5	I had breakfast at The Place over the weekend. The portions are HUGE and affordable. I am not lying when I say that I had the best sausage patty I have ever tasted that morning. Delicious! I have no complaints and I plan on returning. The wait staff are friendly and Trinity Gondella (hostess) is the sweetest of them all.
3	Descent breakfast. Need hotter salsa.
3	OK to good. One of the better places to get a decent breakfast WITHOUT the corporate taste on the plate. Food is portioned on the HUGE side, and the prices are fair for the quality and quantity. Not over the top great but good enough. Menu could use some expansion. ......
4	Steak and eggs!! The homemade green salsa is really good.
4	Went for the first time this weekend and let me tell you, I was not disappointed! There was a wait, but they are efficient and got us in really fast considering. I ordered the country fried steak with biscuits and gravy. Very happy! Biscuits are HUGE and the gravy was very flavorful. We will be back.
2	Just went back this weekend. Not as good as 1st few times. A little bit inconsistent...uh oh..inconsistency kills
2	After lasting one night in that spooky L Motel where strippers go to die- I was idiotic enough to take a referral to eat here. But I always give second chances, and this one failed.The place was crowded on Monday morning (labor day). The water was dirty and delayed to arrive at the table.The table was dirty, and the silverware and napkins were absent. The food was horrendous, and the eggs seemed like they'd been soaked in water after being scrambled. The fruit bowl consisted of one grape, and two or three slimy melons. We sat but did not eat. Paid the bill and sought refuge in Safeway's deli. When you're passing through town, get thee to the grocery. Waitress was super nice though, it wasn't her fault the meal was awful or the place was dirty.
3	The food - I ordered an omelette.  You can build your own and I went with sausage, swiss cheese, onion, mushrooms and bell peppers.  It was very good; as light and fluffy as it could be with all those ingredients.  The omelette came with either hash browns or fried potatoes and either biscuits/gravy or two pancakes.  It's a lot of food!  I couldn't finish and brought the biscuits/gravy home.  They have a number of breakfast options but I should point out that if you're on a diet you're not likely to find something light on the menu.The price - the omelette, hash browns and biscuits/gravy set me back less than $9!  That works out to 1/3 of a cent per calorie.The service - They were busy but the service was still very good. People were walking around with coffee and we were checked on often enough.  The inside - the restaurant has a diner sort of feel.  It's clean, nicely laid out with a lot of booths and tables.  Things are getting a big old inside but this isn't a fancy-schmancy place so it's fine.Not on my side of town and my waistline couldn't handle coming here often but if I'm in the neighborhood I'd stop in again.
3	Good prices, decent food, and huge portions.The food definitely isn't bad and the prices are really good, but there aren't quite enough healthy options for me to give it a 4.  I like the place better than your average breakfast place, but not by much.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!My friend and I had breakfast here yesterday morning and we've both been up all night with food poisoning. We've eaten here before and never had a problem. But apparently it's not so chill now. BEWARE
