5	We stumbled upon this place on our first night in Montreal. This was the only place we could find that was open at 11pm in this area. Everything was excellent, from their lamb with garlic to their baba ghanouj to their special hummus-like side made from beet root. The owners were very nice. They were celebrating a friend's birthday that night and gave us slices of the birthday cake. They say when they opened the place, the focus was on the experience (they had great eclectic music on when we were there) and food was second but we disagree - food was really excellent. Finally, some things were missing from the menu. For example, they said they don't have falafel because they feel its gotten too commercial. So I wouldn't expect typical mid-eastern fare but whatever we tried was excellent.
5	A friend and I where looking for a place to eat on park,(being new to the neighborhood i didnt really know what was around)And we discovered KazaMaza(pretty sure its new)  wonderful little mezes and appetizers (think tapas-bar) that are just big enough so that between two people three of them is a nice meal.The food is middle eastern in flavour but the ambiance is modern casual with lots of great little handmade accents(check out the lighting!)and great photo's of the owners renovating the space.so, the food:we tried the Mousaqa'a, the Hummus Kawarma and the Kefta au Pistaches.The mousaqa'a was my favorite, a rich chunky sauce of aubergines roasted tomatoes peppers onions and spices, topped with a little bit of yogurt(i dont know what else is in it but its sooo delicous)My friend who is allergic to tomatoes loved the hummus kawarma best, which is a traditional hummus topped with a lamb confit and pine nuts. we both agreed that it was probably the best hummus that we'd ever encountered!the kefta au pistaches was really good too, they were little meatballs stuffed with beef, pistachios and deliciousness and all of the above is served with plenty of sliced pita and really laid back gracious service. They also mentioned that there's often live music there! so needless to say we'll be back.
5	Absolutely delightful. The Chef offers a  great twist on lebanese/syrian cuisine. The ambiance is laid back.We had a great time.
5	Loved it!!!This place is different from your standard lebanese restaurant in that the chef emphasized the taste of the many mezzeh dishes with added spices and interesting dressing..best baba ghannoug i ever tasted, there was not a single miss through the whole meal.definitely recommended!
4	Very good. Tastiest fattouch in a long while. Super Nice service. Lamb was great. Ground veal was a bit on the overcooked side. Very cold basement for washrooms.
5	Really, really yummy.  The fattouch salad was one of the best I've ever had.  Muhammara was a little chunkier than I prefer it, but still quite flavorful.  All in all, a really delicious meal and a great place.
4	Fantastic restaurant for syrian food. It is like a hipper, younger, light-spirited version of Aleppe. Highly recommend the potatoes, the hummus, and the chicken breast. Fattoush is good too. Youll need reservations on weekends not because theyre overwhelmingly busy, but because they arent very effective at distributing tables. Nonetheless, worth it!
5	My first experience of Kaza Maza and its Syrian cuisine was very strong on the food end (fattet hummus!), but not so strong on the service end, but they were having a rough day and I recognized that (it happens). Recent experiences have been nothing but perfect (food and service both) and Kaza Maza quickly became one of my faves of 2010. Start with a selection of 3 or 5 of their phenomenal cold mezze, choose a fattet hummus from among the hot mezze, and go from there. Outstanding.  Friendly, too.  Live music from time to time.
5	I am in love with this restaurant, if only they hired better staff to handle the front of the house it would become a regular spot for me. The service is so slow but the restaurant is amazing. From my experience so far you really can't go wrong with whatever you choose to order from their menu. Great atmosphere and great food, hopefully the service speeds up and then its a perfect night out.
5	Feel like going out without a fuss? Go to Kazamaza and get delicious food in a low-key atmosphere. It's delicious, the price-quality is amazing, and the space is comfy. You'll have to reserve on popular nights - in this case, good things do come in small packages.A live band playing jazz ensured a perfectly relaxed vibe on this Wednesday night. As did house wine offered in carafes. Bottles of wine are available too, but hey, if we're doing "chill," let's do it all the way, n'est-ce pas?We started with lentil soup ($4/7) and hummus ($7). Both were unbelievably flavourful. The soup was fresh and not overcooked like many other lentil soups I've tried.  Instead, you could really taste the lentils, tomatoes, coriander, ginger, and bit of lemon and coconut. The hummus was delectably silken, and the chickpeas added a nice contrasting texture.Next came the spiced grilled chicken with garlic, lemon and Alep pepper and potatoes ($15), and the kefta kebab simmered in sour cherries and pines nuts ($19). So incredibly satisfying!These plates really confirmed what I love most about Middle Eastern cuisine - it uses simple, everyday ingredients to whip up dishes that are outstanding and bursting with flavour.And finally, you can't go Middle Eastern without having a taste of the sweet stuff. For dessert, we had the baklava. I wish it had had a little bit more rose water and honey "coulis", but nevertheless, it was tasty. Kazamaza - Middle Eastern cuisine as you've never tasted it in Montreal.Food 8.5/10, Atmosphere (ifyouwantachillsetting) 9/10, Pretty people 7.5/10, Music(funwhenlive) 9.5/10, Service 8/10.Pictures: http://belledenuitmontreal.com/posts/kazamaza/
5	This is definitely one of the better restaurants I've been to. It is a bit outside of downtown Montreal, but you can walk it in about 35 minutes, or take a taxi or bus. For appetizers, try the fattouch salad (excellent), and for cold dishes, we had the muttabal and mousaqa'a, which they bring you plenty of pita bread for, and both were extraordinary.Then, definitely give the giant shrimp with saffron tomato white wine sauce, perfectly cooked giant shrimp in a great sauce.Great atmosphere, very well priced for Montreal, and as good as or better than anything else you'll find in the city.
5	Went here for my birthday this year, and after having lived a year in Lebanon and tasting what I thought was the best Lebanese food ever, I was totally humbled.  This was in fact, the most delicious Mediterranean food I've ever had, of any genre, hands down.  As a semi-vegetarian (fish only), there were tons of options for me, each one yummier than the next.  I was floored by the Fattoush, then had this brilliant looking purple mezze called Mouhammara, which I'd never experienced before.  The Baba Ganoucj, Hummus, Eggplant dish and Salmon were divine, and though I left having over-eaten, it was a good-full feeling, as all of the ingredients were fresh and natural.  The atmosphere was relaxed, yet sophisticated.  If I lived in Montreal, it would be my regular spot.
5	Wow! Really? After coming here from LA I thought it was impossible to have it all at a Montreal restaurant; amazing food, good service, charming and classy atmosphere and modestly priced! But this place has it all! House wine is pretty good for $15 a 1/2 liter. The food was fresh and delicious! The decor is beautifully simple, the atmosphere is wonderful. Good date place for sure!
4	Went to KazaMaza for our wedding anniversary.  I Ioved that there were lots of vegetarian choices.  Could have made my entire meal with the starters (in fact, the veggie choices were all in the starters).  I chose an additional starter as my main dish.  The hummus was especially good.  Was looking forward to baklava for dessert but they were out of it.  Tried a "pudding" instead.  It was a kind of semoule - new to me and very good.  The waiter was a busy guy but humored us in our several requests.  We had only one complaint, which is that the pita was cold and rubbery.  I usually love pita but I did not even eat this one after the first bite.  Bottom line:  I will be back.
4	great Kafta.... tried both w/ Aubergine and w/ Pomegranate, wonderful Syrian food;... only thing a bit concerting was the neighborhood around the restaurant which was a bit run down w/ graffiti all around.  that did not interfere with our enjoyment.  Very helpful people.
4	I came here two years ago with the fam and it has been *The* restaurant that's left us salivating for more. This time, we came for the brunch offered on weekends. Brunch comes with pita, pickles, coffee/juice, and a different menu- although normal menu is available too. The standout dishes were the baba ghanoush and fattouch salad. The bg came garnished with pomegranate seeds and parsley- it was vibrant and chunky. The roasted eggplant flavor beamed through in each bite. The fattouch salad was perfectly dressed. I particularly liked the scallions and thinly sliced radishes in the mix. We ordered two lamb dishes- my mom can't not have lamb when it is available- the brunch kawarma and one of the specialty keftas, the grenadine one. The kawarma was a ground lamb baked under eggs. The kefta was a little bit tougher than I remember it being the last time. Biggest complaint is that the entrees don't come with rice so we ordered it separately. Nevertheless, there was free flowing pita to sop up the sauce.And for non-French speakers, they offer an English menu!
5	Was looking for a fairly informal and laid back Middle Eastern place in Mile End and couldn't find one with suitable reviews, so we chose this, knowing the prices were a nip higher than what we wanted.We biked down and were offered a table fairly quickly, despite it being a busy Friday night and busy place. All of the waitstaff we pleasant, friendly, and respectful, managing multiple tables and our orders with a good pace.The thing that blew my mind here was the food and two items in particular: the Baba Ganoush and the Pistachio Kibbe. Holy cow! These palate and mind-melting items when combined together on a piece of pita and chased with Arak took flavor to a new level. I've had a fair amount of very authentic Middle Eastern food on the east coast and in the U.A.E. and this is right up there with the best. The only food item that didn't wow was the muhammara, it was okay, but dry and a little flavorless.This is a hurry on back to place, in my opinion.
1	A bit pricey for what you get, noisy as hell, inconsiderate and spotty service. I truly don't understand the appeal. The food is good, but other than that... Would definitely not recommend.
5	Lamb shank with friki and kefta with tahini (sesame paste) and pomegranate. Without trying them out, how would you guys know what it taste like?! We would just like to describe them simply: lamb was fork-tender and friki had good amount of spices which gave great flavors; and kefta had toasted pistachios & walnuts in the meatball with its shockingly delicious rich sauce. Fell in love with Syrian cuisine already..!The service was very good. We loved the waitress who talked like a good friend taking care of/sharing many things in life. One thing though, the restaurant got very busy after 9 pm and there was only one waitress, it was a bit too long to wait for the check. But anything was fine. We were truly pleased with the food and service by the time we were about to leave.Anyone out there who hasn't tried Syrian food! Please take a visit to Kaza Maza!
4	I've gone twice and I'll go again. The variety of lamb shanks is great and super tasty (especially the one with eggplant), the kafta was really great too. Only thing is they put way too much onions on everything, so if you don't love them, warn the servers! The fattoush salad is perfect. The place gets busy and very noisy, so if you have sensitive ears it might not be the best place for you.
5	Dropped in Saturday night with party of 4 and got a table. Reservation is probably recommended, as it was very busy. They did fit us in. Received food menus but had to ask for wine menu. Munchies while waiting included a plate of spicy olives and pickled chili, yum.  The White House wine  was very dry and delicious. Remember to ask for ice if you like cold water.We picked 4 different dishes, 3 delivered at the same time and the 4th some 15 min afterwards, though...delivered with apologies. The food was absolutely delicious. Lamb shanks falling apart when prodded, loaded with flavor. Shrimp in tomato/wine sauce. Burst of cardamom, cumin and garlic flavors. Do get an extra order of Naan so you can  dip and scoop up the good stuff. If you are on a budget, try the lentil soup with pita bread. The vegetarian in our group raved about it.
5	I have eaten at Lebanese restaurants around the world and can assure you that Kaza Maza ranks very close to the top, if not the top of this list. The menu is inventive and masterfully done. Try the three cold meze and choose the dishes made from beet and roasted red pepper (muhammara). I have not seen their like before. The lamb chops and kafte in pomegranate were incredible and full of flavor and texture. Trust the staff when they make suggestions, they know what they are talking about. This was one of the best meals I have had.
5	Everything I ate here was a hit.  I sampled the kibbeh, fattoush, baba ghannoush, hummus awarmah and  Mossa'aka.  All delicious
2	Brunch was decent but not exciting. Shame about the pitiful service and the 35-minute wait especially when the place was less than full.
5	Everything I ate was amazing, and I mean everything! We went 4 friends with one of them being Vegan and we ate like little piglets!!! Amazing a must try. The Fatouche salad is a must, the grilled Lebanese cheese as well, the shrimp, the Kofta, the veggie Eggplant option, the Veggie Kebbe, I am dreaming of this food all over again.....not to mention the service was excellent.
4	Delicious Lebanese food in a cool and cozy setting. The grilled octopus is fantastic.
2	Not as good as i expected, the humis qawrma is not that good, its a bit noisy , there was a man playing oud which was great but u cant hear him over the noise.
5	Ate another fantastic meal here.We are here last year & this year. Both amazing meals.This time we had a nice assortment of lamb dishes, a glass of wine, a salad, and a lentil dish. We are for three & it was fantastic.Service is bi-lingual - as are the new menus. Go when they have live music if you can. Otherwise, just go and enjoy! It gets busier later in the evening. I would get a reservation after 7p.
3	I really like the food. I mean everything is amazing and reasonably priced but the service is pathetic. Expect delays in food. If there is a big crowd out there then dont expect to even get noticed. Everyone will be serving that crowd and your order will either get lost in the middle or get mixed up.
3	Nice ambience. Good waiters. Most of the food very nice. One of our dishes not so great.
3	A friend and I came here today, as we were craving Syrian food. Damas (a few blocks away) is another Syrian place that he had been to before but it is only open for dinner so we decided to try something new.Food - the menu has quite a good selection of appetizers and entrees. We decided to start with a fattoush (Mediterranean salad with toasted pita chips) and a kibbe nayyeh which is essentially a Lebanese/Syrian version of beef tartare. The portions were both quite large considering we got the smaller versions of both appetizers. The salad was delicious (probably the peak of our meal) and the kibbe was alright. It lacked depth and complexity of flavor - probably needed to sit a bit longer with spices. For the mains, I am a big fan of kefta (lamb) and tart/sweet fruit sauces so I got the one that was cooked in a sour cherry sauce. There was also a pomegranate tahini sauce. It was very good. The meat was tender and it was paired perfectly with the side of rice that accompanied it. The flavours could have been a bit more complex and it felt like nutmeg overpowered the meat a bit, but overall it was very good. My friend got the braised lamb shank with friki (wheat) and while the meat was well cooked and tender, it was completely devoid of flavour. It had no seasoning or herbs and even the yogurt dipping sauce that came with it didn't help much. For being what seemed to be a special of the restaurant, it was quite disappointing. Service/Ambiance - We came in on a Sunday early afternoon and the restaurant was pretty much empty - there was only a family having lunch so we were seated quite promptly. The service was below average to average. Basically it seemed like he just really didn't care. He did answer our questions about the menu but that was the extent of our interaction. No one came by to check how things were tasting and it was a bit slow at the end to pay. The restaurant is pretty bare bones. It's a pleasant atmosphere but nothing extraordinary. It is a good casual place to grab food. It is a decent size so probably good for groups.Overall, we were left full and relatively satisfied with our meals. From what I have heard, Damas would have been a much better option, albeit at a higher price point. I don't think I would come back here but it was not an unpleasant experience. It is just that for what we paid, we could have had something much better elsewhere, considering the extensive choice of food from this area in Montreal.
5	Kaza Maza was easily the culinary highlight of my trip to Montreal.  The spicy aroma of Mediterranean food hit us the moment we walked into this living room-turned-restaurant establishment. We decided to do this meal tapas-style and shared everything we ordered.  We started with a Lebanese Reserve red wine that was full of flavor and was an excellent combo with the food.  As an appetizer, we had the kibbe, which was a generous portion and cooked to perfection.  We moved on to an order of hummus and an order of baba ganoush.  I loved the hummus and my girlfriend loved the baba ganoush.  For our main, we got the fattet makdous, which was an eggplant dish with lamb crispy pita.  It was indescribable and equally amazing.  We probably got a bit too much food but it was so good I can't say I regret it at all.  I wish this place were in NYC so I could eat there regularly.
5	I love this place. The crew and mood is not Lebanese. In a way you miss out because Lebanese tend to have this hospitable joyful nature in them, and they serve food with passion rather than a sense of duty. And in a way that's good and keeps the vibe more international-friendly and at decent volume- because the place is small for loud Lebanese laughing crowd :)Basically, it's the place to have great Lebanese food but not the total Lebanese experience, which worked very well for me and my friends.Everyone was mega impressed by the food. We had the Masaya wine, and enjoyed the taste of the Lebanese grapes.
4	This is a wonderful place. Most options contain beef or shrimp which originally made me a little skeptical, because id say i am definitely one of those people who like sharing different dishes with the people I'm with, but all dishes can be served as a vegetarian option. Our waiter was extremely helpful and described the food extremely well and helped us make a decision based of of my little knowledge to middle eastern cuisine. But honestly, i  could've chosen anything off of that menu and have it be delicious. Definitely try the home made hummus and babagounoush which is out of this world. This place is a charming spot for a date or even a large party, for the space is well laid out and extremely quaint. Definitely worth a visit down du Parc. Oh yeah and cant beat the pita bread and olives tat compliment any dish you try!
