1	I would not take a sick bird here. If you watch how unsanitary the ER is you will not go there. I saw people USING THEIR CELL PHONES in the SURGERY AREA!!!! HELLO and they bring in the computer with the plastic protector on the keyboard and type on there with NO gloves, answer THEIR CELL PHONE and go back to typing. It was like a Wallmart in there--- a hospital is not a place to be overpacked like this --lends too much for mistakes. I was having major surgery and they allowed visitors for my roommate to be there till about 10 pm she had a huge number of people in there laughing and hooting with the TV while I was trying to sleep. They have to allow people to REST. I decided to go home and get my rest. The bathroom they had dirty bedpans from both patients just stacked in there. When I was thirsty I would ask for cranberry juice and she would bring one of those kid sized things you pull the tab across and I would ask for another like a few hours later and the nurse complained I was asking for too many things. I said well hey why not bring like a few of them and leave them here? I just had my guts taken out you think I am a bit dehydrated? MInd you I was the room right next to the nurses station. I had one nice nurse the rest were all mean who I could hear gossiping about the patients and complaining. Well hey if you were busy working you would not have time for all that gossip. They looked at me when I complained about the urine in the bathroom...hello I have no idea if the roommate has something like HEP C! And when I asked for pain meds at the beginning they would never come!!  I would try to sleep off the pain they missed a whole cycle once and blamed me for not beeping them!If you do not want to die from an infection go to UW!!!!!! Meriter is the place where I heard later they killed a patient an
1	Oh and by the way the anesthesiologist they gave me told me this was a second career for him, he used to lay cement . He forgot to make sure I got my meds for acid reflux so I reflux acid when I had the tube in me and it WENT INTO MY LUNGS KIDS and I almost died from pneumonia yeah did not want to forget that gem!!! HE apologized to me he never did know what he did wrong by the way it was my trip for a deviated septum to UW next that discovered that issue when they made SURE I got my medication before surgery and told me how important it was!I told that doctor to go back to cement by the way.
5	Every hospital is gonna have a bad customer or hundred. However, the care that my sister and premature nephew received here was top-notch; there's a reason it's rated so highly for newborns :)
