5	ETS is one of the Arcadia area's best-kept secrets for physical training and conditioning.  I actually thought about not writing a review because it's great to have the place almost to ourselves!  But ETS is so good that it deserves recognition.  My wife and I are in our mid-50s and were members of The Village for several years.  We finally got tired of the crowds and (sorry) snobby attitudes there, so we looked for a smaller gym with personal trainers to help us get into age-appropriate shape.  ETS is the former Larry Reynolds gym.  It's not a fancy gym, but it is the best we've ever encountered for quality, friendly, and highly professional training.  At ETS, everyone works with personal trainers.  Sometimes my trainer and I are the only ones working.  At most, there may be two other trainers working with their clients at the same time.  You never know which trainer you will get, but it doesn't matter.  Greg (the owner), Derrick, Joe, Chris, and Danny are all knowledgeable, attentive, friendly, and highly professional.  They work us hard but it's a personalized, intelligent work out.  They remember when you have a little ache and pain and know whether to work you through it or back off for awhile.  They welcome you to the gym each time like you're an old friend.  They'll either talk to you or stay quiet, depending on what they sense about your mood that day.  They change your workouts regularly so you don't get bored and keep developing.  My one and only suggestion is that, if they decide they need to hire a new trainer some day, they should think about hiring a woman -- provided she has the same professional and friendly attitude the others have, and the same level of knowledge and skill.  ETS has literally changed how we feel about getting older.  We've both lost weight and inches, but even more importantly, we feel healthier and are more at peace with the aging process.
5	What a great find! I was looking for a gym where I could lose weight, get stronger & get fit. This gym is it! The owner, Greg, and the personal trainers are all friendly & know what it takes to achieve your goals. It's nice that it is a smaller place & not so big & anonymous. They have everything you could need and at reasonable prices. I,too, felt like Scott (the 1st reviewer) about not shouting that they exist---wanting to keep quiet about this gym, but it's too good. Go check it out. I highly recommend ETS!
5	These guys are the best when it comes to personal training. The staff if friendly and courteous, and the trainers are very knowledgeable in the areas of health and fitness, and very motivating when it comes to training. Their goal is to help clients meet their own fitness goals. I'm healthy overall, and in my early 40's, but I lack the motivation it takes to go to a regular gym on my own. There is no putting a price on health. Effective Training Solutions is worth every cent.
5	This is a "low key", but effective as in the name training and weight lifting business on the west side of 44th Street, south of Thomas. They are now led by Greg...who is a fitness buff himself and very knowlegable.I began training there as a new years resolution five years ago when I retired. My Doctor advised me to get active and rebuild much of the muscle I lost over time, while I still could.  It was great advice.   My weight loss was disappointing, although I had already been on the Atkins diet before starting, yet I am now ten pounds less than when I retired.The best news is.....right after retirement I was diagnosed with AFIB, and my heart Doc said "go for it", which I did. I unfortunately suffered a stroke (while playing tennis) two years ago.....and the Doctors universally credited me not losing more capability than I did due to the weightlifting, diet and twice a week tennis games. /The entire staff is friendly and professional. Great opportunity in the center of the City.
5	These guys are the best when it comes to personal training. The staff if friendly and courteous, and the trainers are very knowledgeable in the areas of health and fitness, and very motivating when it comes to training. Their goal is to help clients meet their own fitness goals. I'm healthy overall, and in my early 40's, but I lack the motivation it takes to go to a regular gym on my own. There is no putting a price on health. Effective Training Solutions is worth every cent.
5	After taking three weeks off this Summer to travel, I was worried about going back to the gym.  Greg knew just the right way to handle it.  He backed my weights off a little and then steadily brought me back up to where I was before, paying careful attention the whole time so my workout was neither too hard nor too easy.  It turned out to be a lot faster to get back into shape than I thought it would be -- thanks to the way Greg handled it.  Greg constantly changes what I'm doing so I don't get bored.  He and the entire ETS team are true pros, and are exceptionally nice and professional people as well.
5	This is my first review on yelp but I I felt this place deserved my first post..I would definitely recommend this place to anyone wether it be someone with experience or no experience in the gym... All the staff is very professional and personable and definitely make you feel comfortable...I've been going now for almost 2 months and I've seen outstanding results not to mention all the energy I now have throughout my days..
