4	I just completed my second transaction with Great Gates.  They are always friendly, prompt and affordable.  The work is of the highest quality.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for a gate, doors or even custom iron work.
5	I had an excellent experience with this company. They came out for a no pressure estimate and explained all of my options and the pricing. Then they were patient while I decided and even had them re-quote different styles for me. They under-promised and over-delivered, which is great. They estimated three weeks and my gate was installed in one.
2	Not giving much of a review at this time.  We had an appointment scheduled and it rained so salesperson called to cancel.  We rescheduled and this time we got a call the day before the appointment that the salesperson was sick...when asked if someone else could come, we were told all other reps were booked.  They offered another day but doesn't work with our schedule.  Based on the reviews and 4 Star score, we'll try one more time to book an appointment.  To Be Continued...
2	We ended up going elsewhere...just could not get their act together.
5	Great Gates came out last week and beat the other 3 quotes I had.  They gave me a time three days later and showed up and got the job done right.  Not only did I save money, but I also was impressed by the staff.  Great work ..Great gates!!!
1	Would never use these people again!!!...  They built the wrong gate, and changed the price for the gate I really wanted, and would not fix the problem....  Don't trust the salesman, and if you are blinded enough to use them..... Get everything in writing and do no deals or conversations over the telephone...Poor customer service!
4	Great Gates did a good job designing, building & installing our courtyard gate & entry door. My wife and I are very picky so there was a lot of back and forth, but they were accommodating. There were a few issues with the quote and our screen, but they were resolved with persistence on my wife's part. They could use some better organization with their process, but overall we would use them again and recommended them to our family and friends.
1	Time and time again I've tried to use great gates for jobs I bid, but I'm done giving them chances. No contact, no followup, no returned calls or emails. They're not worth the hassle.
4	Ordered a new iron gate with side panels and added repairs to an existing iron gate.  Salesman was very pleasant,'Tom'.  The scheduling took longer than we liked, but we did get them installed finally.  We discovered a small dent on the new gate a couple days later, so we asked them to remove it and repair it, then replace it, which they did do.  The gates look great.  Tyler, was very helpful in getting that arranged.  Thank you for making the repair.
5	These guys are the best!  Your gate will be hand made here in Phoenix and done exactly as you want it to be.  John came out to give us the pricing and was very competitive.  Its does take them a little while to make your gates, probably 4-6 weeks so if you want something faster beware.  But if your willing to wait for great workmanship go with them.  Best part about them is their installation is fast and extremely clean.  You will not regret going with Great Gates.
