3	As a non-Southerner, or as as non-Charlotter, the Belk name doesn't really mean a lot to me. Or used to. Now it does, and with good reason. I love this department store--it has everything a male my age could ever want. I'm not a huge shopper, but I actually don't mind going to the mall when it means a trip here is in store. For high-end gear, this place is great: great selection of Diesel jeans, Lacoste, those sort of brands. Check out their Vineyard Vines display too; it's pretty awesome. Lots of shoes options, as well as sportier stuff. Like I said, they offer everything you want. It's got that heavy department store feel, obviously, but it's not the worst thing ever. A little overwhelming given the store's size and number of employees, but you can figure it out pretty quickly.
5	My name is Demetria and I'm a Belk-a-holic........Belk Southpark is my favorite department store.....yeah, I know it's not a big time department store like Nordstrom's, Neiman Marcus, etc, but I know for a fact their additional 50% off red dot sales cannot be touched by any of the other high end stores around. So if you like the name brand's but not the prices checkout a red dot sale at Belk Southpark, you won't be disappointed.
4	Try to avoid shock from shopping overload when you enter!  I mean, I was blown away at the sheer amount of products this place had!  It's like a virtual pocket universe, right in the mall!Belks has so many different products, it's hard to make it out to the mall.  The brands range from no-name to high-class, all at reasonable prices.  The store's organization is spot-on, making navigation thru the behemoth rather intuitive, and there are several ways to get to both parking and the mall.As it is one of the bigger anchors at the SouthPark Mall, I use it as my parking reference, and the garages near Belks generally seem not as crowded as other mall portals.  But remember; bring a GPS and 2-days worth of water and rations....Just in case!
4	Belk is a new department store to me. For some reason I've intentionally not gone to this store since I moved to Charlotte. However, I went in the other day and fell in love with their shoe department. Belk is enormous! They have the typical sections you would find in any major department store. Their selection is really good! Now back to the shoes...perhaps it was the day, the time, my mood, whatever...I was greatly impressed by the well lit area and plenty of shoes to choose from. The employee working that area was one of the friendliest employees I have encountered in quite some time...especially working in shoes! My husband even made a comment about her help...she was that good.Thanks, Belk for making a great impression. I will be back, over and over again!
4	This Belk blows away every other Belk in the Charlotte area. Whether you're a shoe fantatic, makeup junkie or clothes horse this particular store has you covered. It's not just the super clean store and vast selection here...it's the brands in the women's section that really impress me. French Connection, Citizens of Humanity, Free People, BCBG, Splendid, 7 For All Mankind, etc. And shoes from Calvin Klein, Stuart Weitzman, Frye, Dolce Vita and Michael Kors. The best part? Da sales. As Demetria said, when they announce 50% off red dots that means it's time to get in your car and head to Belk at SouthPark. One more sticking point for Belk in general? They are pretty supportive of local causes. I've been to many a shopping event that highlights a local nonprofit. Oh, and while I'm hesitant to write this, my secret go-to parking spot is the upper level of Belk. Easy in, easy out!
4	I give it 4 stars since I can't come here often (I'm only in Charlotte when visiting friends, boo!). Best. sales. ever. This one is the flagship store and is absolutely a treat to shop in- attentive sales associates (one gal who was from DC originally tracked down this adorable Panda Lilly dress, so I could rep DC of course haha, and I got the dress quickly from one of the stores in AL). You can find everything here, from home ware, every day items, to clothing for the whole family. Don't waste your time going to other chains in the area or even in the entire South for that matter- Belk's is where it's at.
4	I have been a big Belk's shopper for years due to their fantastic interest free credit card program, reward dollars and sales. So in speaking to a friend over a year ago, she suggested I visit their flagship store - which happens to be this location. Several floors and many hours later- I was hooked! What appears to be a rival to many other fine department stores, Belk's offers many name brands and options priced low to very high. The shoe department is large but can appear understaffed and very messy at times. An impressive handbag department and jewelry department. Great ladies department and teenager department. Nothing to complain about except perhaps more registers, and of course bathrooms.
4	I pretty much have to echo Nicole's comments.I've been a Belk shopper for pretty much all my life - not so much in the past few years however.  This Belk's hands down is the best in the area.  They carry more of the high-end brands in make-up, shoes & clothing.  The best part from this most recent shopping trip was...*drum roll* - BOW TIES! :)  My boyfriend has hit the mother load. We're so excited of the vast amount of choices & brands for this somewhat elusive accessory.The store is laid out nicely & is always clean.  The employees are friendly & helpful.
4	When I think trendy and stylish, I really don't think of Belk. Despite this stigma, this Belk is a really great location in comparison to some other ones in the Charlotte area.   I don't buy many clothes here, but I have noticed that their teen section is pretty average. Not a whole lot of selection, but the basics are there. They had a great prom selection earlier this year and the markdowns on the dresses after prom season were crazy good. Bathing suit and shoe sections are also pretty good. My favorite, however, is the jewelry section here. TONS of markdowns on nice jewelry (especially Betsey Johnson...my favorite) and pretty much every type of jewelry one could ever need. Overall, a well-stocked and organized department store.
5	Not only was I impressed and wowed by the sale that belk was having on January 25, but I was impressed with the nice lady that took her time to help me find the perfect shirt, tie, and socks for a funeral I attended that same day. Her name was Arlette, she had the perfect style for me and found a terrific fit in just 5 min!!! Not only did she help me get the best possible deal, but because I was pressed for time she even took my shirt and PRESSED IT for me. World class service in a mediocre department store is what will keep me coming back to Belk's. This woman deserves a merit. Thank you and best wishes to your store and team throughout the year.
5	I have always enjoyed going to this 4-story Belk at SouthPark mall.  The parking deck parking can be a bit of a pain trying to avoid all of the valet parking places, but once you find a spot, it's thousands of square feet of awesome.  Last night was a particularly good trip with some great sales going on.  Belk typically has quite a selection of red dot clearance items, and last night was no different.  I purchased a Ralph Lauren dress that was originally $169 for $31 (several discounts, plus signing up for a Belk card got it down to that price)!  I also got several other work appropriate dresses for under $20 each, leaving the store with a sack full of clothes for $120.  And the salesperson, Phyllis, was an absolute delight.  She took quite a bit of time with me (it was just after work on a Friday and the store wasn't terribly busy yet) and I really appreciate the great customer service, she was fantastic. I walked through the shoe section, but I am beginning to think if you aren't a pole dancer, it is really hard to find shoes (this goes for the other department stores as well) and I had trouble finding anything I liked - the shoe department is large and kind of overwhelming to me.  The clearance room was busy and a mess, so I skipped that completely,.The cosmetics section is huge with every brand of makeup and perfume you can think of.  The jewelry department is well stocked and well priced.  And the purses, ohhhh the purses.... I had to walk through there VERY quickly so I wouldn't take some home with me.  If parking in the deck near Belk, look above your head when you walk in to see what the sign says as to where you are parking - if you walk out the wrong door, it can be a bit confusing.  Happy shopping!
5	This is by far going to be my favorite store to shop at now!
5	I came into this store and I said to myself wth is a Belk? there's no such thing as Belk on the West Coast. For one I think it's better than Macys and Nordstroms. They actually have sales that are worth it. I got a $200 jacket for $65 bucks. you would of thought it as Black Friday in the middle of February. All the employees are helpful and very nice.
5	Large selection of menswear certainly. Hard to look through it all but great brands including Belk's own ProTour and Cam Newton's made. Belk days sale is a great value with lots of buy one get two free. Rewards program, flyer, text offers all can add discounts. Terrific value here.
4	I really like Belk! Classy Southern store which has very nice products. Regular prices are steep for sure, but wait for those sales to come by. There are actually some really good deals to be had IF you can take advantage of their sales. I just bought a new Formal Dinnerware set that was made in Germany (Paul does NOT do made in China crap for Kitchen anyway...) and the quality was excellent as was the functionality (I bought a square plate set). The store worker (Madeline) was SUPER friendly and helpful and helped me decide based upon MY critiera....in fact she almost tried to steer me towards a lower priced option......but I still opted for the better quality Made in Germany plates and am very happy I did so! They only had 2 of the 6 I ordered in stock, but they shipped the remaining 4 to me at NO COST and I got them in like 2 more days. So what's not to like about Belk? Oh and they do serve wine at Arthur's, the excellent little wine store on the bottom floor....just drink a couple of glasses of wine and see the prices drop instantly! :-)
4	This Belk is pretty amazing, simply because of the size. Who says size doesn't matter? Somewhat surprisingly, however - especially because they are in South Park - their selection isn't that great. It's like they wanted to have this huge store, with room for everything, but they just have a little bit of everything.For example, I have found that their men's department isn't that great. Or maybe it's just that the sizes I need (admittedly somewhat larger than your average bear) are often not available here. If you fit the average size, you may have better luck - but if you need the oddball sizes, then I've had better luck in the expansive Northlake men's department, for whatever reason. Maybe us suburban types just congregate in certain places, and South Park isn't one of them.Regardless, the staff here is very friendly, and the place is nice - the only downfall is the selection, and is that really their fault, or is it mine?
1	I have always loved Belk but this store's customer service leaves a lot to be desired! I bought a jean jacket last night and got home to realize they left the security sensor on it.  It was only a few minutes past their closing and I live literally one light away from the store, they said they couldn't help me when I called asking to come back and correct their mistake (I needed the jacket the next day b/c I was flying out of town an hour before the store opened).  I just feel that it was rude not to help me out since their associate made the mistake. The lady on the phone could not have been more rude after I explained, she did not care! Do better Belk
5	Best Belks! !! Wish they were all like this one. Great selection and many name brands not found at other Belks.
4	Holy flag ship batman!This flag ship location has everything, and I always find what I'm looking for when I go in. This Belk is like no other in the area and has all the top brands. Including MAC, Bobby Brown, Marc Jacobs, French Connection, Free People, Polo, Michael Kors and the list goes on! They also have a really nice men's big and tell collection.This Belk has 4 floors...Bedding and wedding registry on 1Make up, jewelry, hand bags, and men's on 2Women's and shoes on 3Kids and infants on 4There are two entrances that take you back into the mall, so it's pretty easy to get turned around when leaving. If you you're looking for a up scale department store where you can get all your shopping done this is it!
