5	Finally, an auto repair shop that I can trust! I have been taking my car here for a while based on a recommendation I received. I always feel confident that they are being honest with me and I always receive excellent service. It doesn't  hurt that they leave a piece of candy in my car when I pick it up :-)!
5	We have traditionally taken our vehicles strictly to the dealerships for any type of repairs. Recently my wife found a coupon for Dean's in the ValuPak. She convinced me to give them a try and we are glad we did. She celled them to talk about to schedule an appointment. When she got off the phone she just couldn't stop raving about their customer service. That was just the first call. The following day we dropped the car off to them 15 minutes before they opened for the day. Again, great customer service.The great customer service just kept consistent through our entire experience. Their quality of work has been great and they don't try to push repairs on you.I didn't use it, but I understand that they offer a shuttle service.Since writing this review I have received a phone call from them making sure that I was satisfied with their service and received a thank you card in the mail. They continue to impress me. When was the last time you got that level of service from anyone?
4	I went to Dean's Auto Repair for a 2nd opinion on my car. I had two areas I was told needed repair. The second was quite expensive to fix, that is why I saught a second opinion. I am so Happy I did.  Dean's did the check and found one area needed fixed and repaired it at a reasonable price. The second and most expensive, was not a problem. Thank you so much for Honest and Good Service. I know I will be taking my car back there for all my repairs.  They have great Oil Change prices and a percentage off your service for referring a friend. All around great family feel place.
5	Brand new to AZ, the process of finding a new mechanic can be a little slice of hell. Luckily, I found Dean's on Yelp and the three good reviews had me heading over there to figure out what was wrong with my gas tank and gas gauge. Right away over the phone, I was given the rundown that the estimate is free and they would even shuttle me back to my place while the process unfolded. When I arrived at Dean's, there were several older women waiting for their cars to be fixed and they were telling me that this place has been around for over 50 years and they have been bringing their cars in for decades to get fixed which was comforting. There are photos on the wall of years gone past and that says they have been doing something right. As for my car, Grant found a way to get into my tank through the trunk saving several hours in labor costs and also identified other parts I needed as he figured out my problem. My car was bought used so i didn't know it needed a new battery and fuel filter, which I am glad they discovered. I was kept mostly informed of the timetable for my repairs and even though my vehicle had the worst case scenario (Fuel pump), it was easy to be impressed with the detail-oriented mechanics (calling all over for best price on parts and breaking car talk down to the basics), friendly front-desk people and long-time customers who keep coming back which now includes me.
5	I have complete confidence with this shop. Super knowledgeable and were quick and friendly.I took my truck to them for a second opinion and they found that the "recommendations" from the other shop were completely untrue.I saved over $700 by having them do the work and not the first overpriced shop.
1	Do not go to DEANS auto repair unless you want to waste half your day and receive a bill you pay to get your car back that is a poor opinion of  what needs to be repaired.  What a joke this place has the b**** to charge $135 to open the hood for a few minutes and sit on the car for an hour and call you back to say you need to clean out your gas lines, and that will be $445.  After you pay the 135 for diagnosing nothing, we will subtract that from the $445, what a deal.  I went there to fix the problem and I was specific at what was wrong, so it was a shock to find out they did nothing.  They could have been honest and said it will cost you $135 for us to just look at it and then you can decide if you want to gamble with us actually doing any work.  I believe they are crooks.   Never will I go to Deans auto joke.
