5	What an A-DOR-ABLE place!  From the outside you'd never know how big it is!  Once you step in you realize there's seating on the floor for a handful of people and then a cute little loft style area up above that probably seats around 25-30.  The menu is pretty extensive for a coffee shop, with the norms being the espresso based drinks, chai (yay!) and teas.  But they also have a slew of smoothies.  They all looked amazing but I opted for the manager's choice, an amaretto latte.  I'm a sucker for almond, what can I say.  It was perfect to my specifications (skim and extra hot that it burns my tongue slightly).  A smoothie will be saved for another day...don't you worry!I was interested to hear from chatting a bit with the manager that they're connected with Local.  They receive all their wraps freshly made from the restaurant down the street each morning.  The manager is also a pastry chef and makes delicious looking pastries (which I, sadly, did not partake in after eating a oh so bad for you Chinese lunch!).I love when places have completely fresh food offerings.  It makes you feel better about purchasing them, in terms of freshness and just supporting local businesses.  I'm excited to make this a regular on my work day coffee shop rotation.  Added bonus, FREE WI F!  OH, and I will be back for you pumpkin scone, be sure of that!
1	The atmosphere is quite trendy. The buck stops here. The medium and large iced coffees, although priced differently, in fact contain the same amount of liquid! The coffee also tastes like it burst forth from a festering geyser of rodent excrement. I called and left a message about the up charge and I'm waiting to hear back. Stick to Dunk D.Also, very sad to hear it is connected with Local because LOVE that place.
4	This place is super cute, love the exposed brick walls and upstairs area with room to spread out and work. The brass tree in the corner is cool too. Randy is the shit, I was having trouble connecting to the interwez so he rebooted the entire place and got me up and running, very sweet of him.Solid white chocolate mocha. The muffin was ok, make sure to get it toasted 2 times to ensure you get it heated all the way thru. I love the front window letting in all the natural light, great place to kick back, your feet up and read. There was a newer employee who you could hear throughout the entire place, yes it's small, but we learned information about her we probably could have lived without. Just saying =) Made for a few great laughs though!
4	After my Saturday morning work out I stopped by Delaine's to get out of the cold drizzling rain on my way to work. It's officially autumn so I did exactly what I always do, ordered a pumpkin latte.The drink itself was delicious, not too hot and they must use a different pumpkin syrup because it had a very distinct real pumpkin taste. The prices are right on par with any of the other coffee shops lattes. I was a little overwhelmed with the options when I walked in. All the usual coffee shop drinks plus all sorts of smoothies. The food looked amazing too. I need to go back again to try something other than my standard and a pastry. It really is the picture perfect space to spend a cool rainy fall day. The music was low and the lighting is indirect with lots of natural light coming through the windows in the front. They have large soft chairs that are low to the ground and very welcoming. I didn't get to venture upstairs but I could see they did make use of the loft area that space offered.I very much recommend this as a great alternative to chain coffee spots. It's picturesque and the espresso was great.
4	Cool place. Were not sure they were open from outside but they are. Nice ppl. Great fresh scones baked on site.
5	Soooo...I lurve the staff. Kelly and Michelle are absolutely adorable plus they are super nice and know how to whip up a delicious Dirty Chai Latte. The pastries as well are absolutely delicious. From the outside Delanies might not look that big but it's quite spacious and a great place to do some busy work or to just hang out for a quick Cup o' Java. This is definitely my go to coffee shop whenever I come to the South Side.
4	I enjoy coffee but I sadly don't drink it often enough.That said, if I did drink it and had more free time to run around or stop and get a coffee - I'd more than likely choose this place!It's so cute inside and has potential for more. I love the exposed brick and the upstairs seating area. But I'll admit, I was terrified to walk up those stairs with a cup of hot coffee in my hands. Guaranteed that if I frequented the place, it would end up badly at some point ;)The coffee I tried, white chocolate mocha, was pretty good. I've never had anything like it but I wouldn't mind having it again. They have a huge menu - I would have loved to try more! Especially a smoothie! Things seemed kind of pricey though :/The desserts were delicious, although I'm not sure what I tried! There was a pumpkiny cheesecake thing and an apple pie cheesecake thing, both were great! I especially loved these little green gob-like things with a (I think) strawberry filling! Those alone are worth a trip back!
4	**A great place for good cup of coffee and meeting with friends or getting some work done**Delanie's was a great find!Very cute little storefront, right on Carson Street.They have everything from your basic cup of coffee to more elaborate coffee creations!Now, I'm no connoisseur of coffee, nor do I claim to be, but I really liked the Vanilla Latte that I had chosen--in fact, I had 2!What I do know, however, is food!Delanie's was pumping out some very tasty little treats!Pumpkin Cheesecake that was moist, flavorful and beautiful--yes, beautiful!!They also make cookies that are amazing and perfect; huge chocolate chip cookies that are as big as your head!The other thing that I "know" is service and the folks here were very nice, moved with urgency, and were not put out by accommodating any special requests from guests.I would most definitely stop in again and recommend Delanie's Coffee to friends![damnit, I didn't have to use the bathroom and totally forgot to, at least, check it out!  Sorry, you guys... you know I like to put a bathroom check on these things, but I'll get it next time!!]
5	Just found this place! I loooooove love the feel of it. Art work on the old brick walls, friendly staff, happy people. I am in. Will be back soon. Who's comin' with me?
3	Yes, this is a nice space.  However, a place needs to serve up a good cup of joe to get a good grade from me.  And given that Beehive is only a block away, I will always give the nod to Beehive for the bolder and better cup of coffee.
5	What a fabulous coffee shop that hosted a wonderful Yelp event.  The coffees were delicious (espically when there was just a dash o Bally's in my latte) and several beers for my friends.The decor is perfect.  Places like this make me want to move to the Southside.  Great coffee, great bars, friendly staff!
5	Delanie's is my new favorite coffee place, which says something because I have so many in Pittsburgh. A few times a week, I like to walk a few blocks and have a coffee at their nice cafe on Carson. The staff is always friendly.  The coffee is good, but the breakfast sandwiches are better. I love breakfast. I could eat brinner every night. That being said, their veggie, egg, and cheese sandwich is one of the freshest I've ever had. Be warned, a few of their frozen drinks taste more like milkshakes than your run-of-the-mill iced coffee. If you fancy a treat, try the "turtle", a sweet frozen concoction of peanut butter, chocolate, and caramel.It's not a bad place for a meetup, a break, or just somewhere to read/work for awhile.  If you're a regular, it's worthwhile to join their loyalty program. You will quickly accumulate free drinks!
5	Love!
5	I will be making a lot of excuses to whip out my laptop and "work" here. I love this place.It has a great vibe and it's a good spot for working or hanging out because it's not crowded (seriously! take your coffee to go so I can have that table!).I had a coffee and it was yummy, crack-filled goodness. But, my nephew got the triple latte, I think it's vanilla, caramel and mocha, I can't exactly remember, but it tasted like heaven and unicorn tears. Honestly, I think little cherubs were flying around sprinkling love and magic in it. It's sooooo good. You must try it.
5	This place is super nice. Beautifully laid out with plenty of seating, lots of natural light and exposed brick, and a staff that actually seems to like their jobs. :)I got an iced coffee and water, and the coffee is incredible!! There is a great balcony/loft area that overlooks the shop and is used for additional seating. The bathrooms are also clean and well maintained! And, last but not least - free wifi! I'll definitely be returning here when I visit South Side, Pittsburgh. Thank you, Delanie's, for the great experience!
3	Nothin' special..basic coffee shop.
4	What a great new addition to East Carson! Sure, there are already numerous coffee shops up and down the street, but Delanie's has a vibe all its own. And the iced chai is great!
4	A huge contrast from the Beehive, but awesome in its own way.The space is really nice with exposed brick and an upstairs section as well. It's big, bright, and clean and the coffee is good.The service is great and the people are really nice. This is a solid place to settle in and get some work done.
5	(Spacious, inviting, well decorated.)I stopped in here on Small Business Saturday and found a place well deserving of that kind of support. This place hits all the notes of the typical "indie coffeehouse" checklist, but it looks authentic and friendly. Different seating setups available -- bar stools, soft chairs, wooden tables for 2 or 4. Chalkboard menu offerings. Local art installed on the walls. But the kicker is, the food and drink are better than average and cheaper than average! I had a superb soy mocha, made perfectly and carefully. Well worth the stop!
5	I was originally drawn to this place because of convenience , and the fact that I'd much rather support a local, independently owned business. I only frequented Starbucks because I truly LIKED  their coffee, but I don't usually support any corporate businesses. I was so pleasantly surprised by this place! They've done a fantastic job of making it homey, warm and inviting. It's updated and cozy without being at all pretentious. Their coffee is nothing short of amazing. Strong and flavorful, but only because that's what I LIKE. The staff is so attentive that I only had to order once before the dark, longer haired gentleman ( sorry his name escapes me right now, which is awful because he always waits on me and is so friendly) had my preferences memorized. It's worth it to ask about their menu because they'll make whatever you like, however you like it. As a vegan, I was also so impressed to know they  offer many organic, all natural selections as well. I love that they serve fresh pressed juices,too. This is popular in other states because of the health benefits, but not so much in the burgh. They're perfectly sized and convenient and are a great natural substitute to coffee. Juices can provide more energy than caffeine, and I'm glad they realize that. I really have nothing negative to say, here! This establishment is clean, inviting, has fabulous employees, and offers great products all over the board. It's refreshing to leave an establishment with a smile on your face and eager to devour whatever delicious concoction they've made for you. Keep up the good work, Delanies. You'll continue to see me on a daily basis! And your staff ALL deserve gold stars.
3	Nice coffee drinks and a cute space. I picked up whole bean espresso, not sure who they use but seemed a touch oily/over roasted when I pulled a shot at home. Would like to try their soups.
4	Nice atmosphere. Wonderful and personable service. Above all, great coffee. Not too bitter. A perfect no frou frou latte. I will definitely be a repeat customer when I am in the area. Thank you.
5	Best breakfast sandwiches in the city.The staff are nice and attentive.  The sugar loaded smoothies taste great.The space itself is also very cool.  I like the artwork.Prices are acceptable for what you get.  Fresh made food is really nice.
5	Amazingly friendly and jovial baristas, best iced coffee on Carson st, roomy sitting area, and a pretty large variety of drink choices. This is my go to place for meet ups and pick me ups!
5	"I am going to write this place the BEST review on Yelp" is what I may have said as I walked out of Delanie's.  Turns out they don't need it...look at all these positive reviews!  But I am a lady of my word...I don't eat or drink a lot of dairy these days so I am hugely grateful to find a coffee shop that offers not only soy milk, but my personal favorite replacement, almond milk.The friendly hippie hipster hatted gentleman at the counter was a delight, and we bonded over our shared love of the music he was playing, Bird and the Bee (catchy stuff: http://youtu.be/TMy6X5cQul8).  My black and white mocha with almond milk was so sweet and delicious.  My friend asked for a mocha with extra espresso, and wow, did he ever listen - that'll put some hair on your chest!  She was thrilled, of course.The food looks tasty, the space is full of beautiful details, overall, a marvelous experience.
4	Love coming here with my papers and laptop to work and sip on some coffee. The place is very cute, the staff is friendly, and the coffee is wonderful. I have ordered a couple of breakfast sandwiches that were a bit burnt and tasted off, but I'm willing to try again.
2	ive been in here a couple times .  it's geared toward the college-aged / 20-something females that live in the south side commons and thereabouts.  nothing particularly outstanding going on .   Big Dog is a better spot for an high-level coffee/caffeine experience . delanies is as someone else mentioned very trend-aware which I can't stand .  it's better than no coffee joint in that part of Carson Street but ...
5	One of the best places to go for coffee in the Burgh. A prime spot for college kids to get work done in peace and quiet. The menu is extensive and the baristas are very kind and willing to give you a recommendation. Wifi is available if you ask for the password. I must say- the black and white mocha is the best. Mmm.
4	In the midst of a busy Saturday on the South Side, Delanie's is a calm spot in the storm.  I stopped for a to-go cup so I could enjoy a non-snowy day walking around South Side while waiting for a group for lunch.The barista was pleasant (and didn't show annoyance when I changed my order from "for here" to "to go;" though he hadn't actually poured anything, he did need to wash cups for us).  The atmosphere was calm even though it was semi-busy.  It looks like a great place to stay and work on your laptop or study with plenty of tables and chairs available.The coffee, a Costa Rican that day I believe was very tasty.  I would have liked something a little deeper, but it was mellow and fresh (and not burned...ahem, you know who you are, chain coffee guys!)I would love to try some of their lattes - the menu is plentiful and interesting.  I had a sample of a mocha brownie and would love a full version of their pastries, too.
5	Went in to kill some time while waiting for a table at Fathead's, and ended up loving this place!  The upstairs seating area was quiet, with comfy chairs, and a cool exposed brick wall.  The staff was very friendly.  The coffee was on point!  I had a caramel latte that blew away anything I've ever had at a chain place, and most of the local places I've been to as well.  Will definitely stop back next time I'm on the South Side.
4	Nice little coffee shop thats quiet with a friendly staff and great prices. Always a fun (but small) crowd and love the postings on local events. Coffee is generally good, very good iced coffee. Sometimes the internet can be a little bit slow but that isn't a big deal for me.
5	This is such a great place to sit down, have a delicious cup of coffee, and study. The upstairs nook is so cozy and a perfect environment for studying. I love the coffee; my first sip blew me away! It's coffee shops like this that make me never want to go to Starbucks ever again. Also, the staff is so friendly! :)
5	Consistently the best coffee in South Side. Offering high quality Ethiopian, Kenyan, Guatemalan and House blends, all in a friendly, warm, sunlight atmosphere. Baristas are skilled, accommodating and willing to assist you in finding the perfect drink. Cold brew and chai are both house made and untouchable. Breakfast sandwiches (made from an actual cracked egg) are made-to-order and incredible. As is the pesto summer salad. A great escape for those who enjoy more than the average corporate coffee experience.
4	Great coffee shop find from Yelp. Was stuck on the south side for several hours this afternoon, and needed a place to get some work done. This spot was a little out of the way, but worth it for the friendly service, tasty chai latte, and most of all the eminently work-friendly upstairs seating area. It was quiet, comfortable, and not so crowded as to distract. Would definitely go back.
5	Awesome local coffee shop. Their breakfast sandwiches are fantastic! And you have to try their turtle frozen mocha drink. It's made with real peanut butter! So good. I would say this would be one of my top 5 favorite coffee shops in pittsburgh.
5	This is such a cute little coffee shop and I love coming here! The staff has always been friendly and patient with me when I'm trying to figure out some kind of newly concocted coffee beverage to try for the day. Sometimes the seating is limited but I think it adds to the atmosphere and keeps it from getting crowded inside. Definitely the kind of place to come enjoy a nice latte and a book.
4	I had been walking by this place for some time and finally needed a place to get some work done and had a reason to go in. The only barista working was really polite and helpful. I ordered an iced chai and it was delicious. He decor is nice and simple. Everything was clean and they had lots if outlets for laptop users. I liked the upstairs area but it could have been a bit cooler up there. Maybe one more fan would help. They had these reusable mug covers to keep your hand from getting burned. They looked handmade. I would have bought one but I rarely buy coffee out. I liked that they had them though. Environmentally friendly is a plus in my book.
4	I really like coffee shops that try to set themselves apart.  My typical go-to place for coffee is Starbucks, but today I was meeting a friend in South Side so I went where she wanted to go.Delaine's has a quaint and pleasant atmosphere like a traditional coffee shop, but with a bit of an artistic flair.  They have artwork hanging up on the walls done by local artists that are for sale so the artwork never stays the same.The baristas are friendly and polite; you can tell they really care about the impression customers have of their coffee shop! What I like most about Delaine's is that there are two floors. They don't try to cramp all the tables in one space like other coffee shops tend to do.
5	They make custom breakfast sandwiches, really nice touch and staff is super friendly, they offered me access to their wireless network, I didn't even ask! Coffee is great, more along gourmet type then your typical mega chain stores, I'm a creature of habit and tend to lean towards bigger chains (Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts), yes I'm guilty,  at least know what I'm getting when I'm in unfamiliar towns. As far as Delanie's, I look forward to hopefully shifting my habits and making this the go to place in the South side  while I am staying here for my Latte's and Triple Shot Espresso drinks when I'm in need of that boost.
4	Great atmosphere tucked away in the South Side. Coffee is pretty good. Would definitely go back.
5	Delanies makes a mean latte, among other things. Staff are super cool and I've never had a bad or even sub-par cup of coffee there. Which is something I can't say about other more popular coffee places.Plenty of seating and good atmosphere for getting shit done. Go.
4	I went for lunch and coffee with a friend based on yelp recommendations.  The coffee was great, the food was very delicious (hummus pita, ginger tofu sandwich), and the decor was awesome.  We sat up in the loft.  However, unlike most reviews I read, the barista/staff were not friendly.  It took me a while to figure out how to describe them, and what I finally realized is that they were snobs.  I think they would have been just as happy had we walked out and went to Brueggers instead.
5	Delicious fresh , and the people are kind! Great place if u need background action noise to study! Nice tall counter or regular height tables and some cozy furniture upstairs. Way friendly accessible power outlets! You never feel like a bother
5	I walked in here during an all day rain-a-thon in Pittsburgh (so rare, right?) on a Saturday. It was pretty busy, but all of the hustle and bustle was contained to the upstairs, which looked like a cool loft area. It wasn't loud either. The first thing I noticed is how high the ceiling was and I loved that. The art on the walls was a delight to look at too.I ordered something vegan with tofu (I'm not vegan by any means, but wanted to try it), and I got it delivered to me on a plate with two small toasted pieces of bread, lettuce, slices or bell pepper, and warmed tofu. There was something else on the bread that I don't remember, but I was really surprised by how delicious and satisfying this was. I am a fan.For my drink I got an iced vanilla latte and I have to say it's the best vanilla latte I've had around town. I ended up having two more throughout my time there...I just inhaled them. Seriously..so good. I came back on Sunday and had an iced mocha, which was just as good. This is my new favorite place for real!
5	I'm a big fan of Delanies! Great space to study and work -- and it is usually nice and quiet. They are a great community space, and feature art work and performers regularly. I don't drink coffee - but the tea and snacks are great. The staff are always welcoming, which is a great added benefit!
