5	It is always clean and very welcoming. Danielle is such a beautiful women inside and out who is full of passion and creativity. Victoria has been doing my family's hair for quite some time now and I am always pleased with the turn out. She is so great at taking last minute appointments as well as squeezing us in. My son and husband get excited when its time to get a hair cut so that they can visit Cut Me Loose. I definately recommened Cut Me Loose.
5	I just love getting my hair cut & colored by owner Victoria! Her professional/cutting edge style, fun personality, & passion for her work has made me a loyal client for 5 years! I can trust that my baby fine hair will always be handled with the upmost care. Thanks Victoria in making me feel beautiful!
5	All right curly boys and girls.. there is finally someone who can do your kinks and curls justice right here in Henderson. Danielle Green is a fantastic cutter who knows her way around a head full of curls. She has beautiful curls herself. She will cut your hair dry...which is as it should be. We all know how much shrinkage we get when it's cut wet. She has a great eye and will shape your locks anyway you like, making sure they flatter your face. She also will hook you up with just the right products you need to keep your curls moist and fab in our harsh dry weather.We formerly drove all the way to Cali for hair cuts, never having found someone to cut curls properly here in the valley. We'll still be making the drive to Cali, but with fresh hairdos and a little extra time for the beach!
5	Danielle was recommended by a friend, when I complained about a bda cut I got elsewhere in town.  I am so glad I took her advice!  Danielle did an excellent job with my color and cut.  Like other Yelpers mentioned, she took the time to ask about my styling routine, how I like for it to look and what I wanted to do differently.  The color is AMAZING.  It looks exactly how I wanted it to turn out - -like nothing happened! AND talk about shine!  I have definitely gotten my fair share of compliments.  Danielle did such a great job, I even treated my Mom to a cut/color when she came to visit!!  If you are looking for a great stylist in Vegas (and trust me I have tried MANY without any luck), Danielle is a safe bet!
5	If you have curly hair and you are looking for great haircut, Danielle at Cut Me Loose is for you. I have crazy curly hair and I was thinking of chopping it off, but before I did it I went to see Danielle, she talked me out of it, which I'm so glad she did, because she then proceeded to give me the best haircut I've gotten in years, the styling advice she gave me has helped me so much, I wanted something easy to take care and she gave me exactly that. She listens, she is patient, and super nice. I 'm never going to anybody else. I highly recommend her.
5	I love Victoria!!  She's become not just my Hair Stylist but also a good friend!  Every time I get complimented on my hair by someone, I recommend and tell them to see Victoria.  Victoria has a Heart of Gold!!  :)
5	great service
5	Fantastic...great service...Victoria is great
5	When u are blue ask Tricia Smith for a new cut and style Better than therapy!She will make you look young and sexyThen get a great pair of shoes!She will give you lots of fresh hot coffee or tea if it is s cold winter day!!Don't blame me for all the male attention you get !!   ;-)
5	Love, love, love Danielle. If you have curly hair, Danielle is an angel sent from curly hair heaven. I never appreciated my curls since my hair can sometimes be a nightmare (very thick, curly, and long), but Danielle really changed my mind. She saved my butchered hair, the work of another salon, by working her magic. I've never received such helpful tips on hair and skin care from a stylist, until I found Danielle. She also does an amazing job with color, I received lots of compliments.
5	Sonia rocks! She did such a awesome job making sure my color was right! Love my new do, and I will most definitely be back as one of her newest clients!
5	Went here for my wedding haircut. The owner cut my hair. She is super nice! The haircut was amazing and I would recommend this place to anyone!
