3	"Do you like Mother Nature?" This question came after the check. It was on the heel of a discussion about mountain biking and camping. South Mountain. Camelback. San Francisco Peak. He liked it all. In fact, he liked to talk. He being the owner, I mean. My friend and I arrived around 5:30 for dinner. We were greeted right away and shown a table. Our Kirin Lights shortly followed. The sushi menu offered nigiri, sashimi and their roll selection, which included one called "Phoenix Suns." The owner soon embarked on striking up a conversation with us. His English was somewhat broken, though. I let my friend do the talking. I added, "We'll trust you" when it was decided that we'd let him pick a roll for us and put together a sashimi platter. While we waited, we sampled the miso soup and drank our beer. Soon, a brightly colored roll came to our table. "Spicy Slim" is what we were told it was. We had no idea what it was, until the owner came over later to chat some more. Crab on the inside, tuna on the outside - covered in spicy sauce. Well then. It was pretty tasty, especially with the coating (like small, white crunchy flakes). It got pretty spicy the more you ate. Soon the sashimi came. We had peppered and seared salmon (yum), extra white tuna, ahi tuna, yellow tail and salmon. Each piece was very good. The sizes were generous, too. The sahsmi came with two small dipping bowls, too. Sort of a mild spicy sauce, an alternative to soy. The sauce was a great complement to the meal. My friend wanted more. Man, she can pack it away! So, we ordered some mackeral nigiri and a caterpillar roll. The mackerel was very good, although I thought the rice it laid on was a bit too sticky - hard to chew. The caterpillar roll was good, though. It was your basic eel meets avocado. The eel sauce was sweet without being overly sweet and overpowering the taste of the roll. Overall, a great meal! The service was also great - although a bit too attentive. Considering we were the only patrons (minus a couple sitting at the sushi bar), they were just waiting around to serve us. In fact, they tried to take our miso soups away twice before we were actually finished. Also, there was the chattering - the owner striking up a conversation after we paid, when we are about to get up from our seats. First it was about basketball, since on the big screen I saw that it was about to be Bedlam (Oklahoma State vs. OU). Funny, considering I went to OSU and my friend is a big Sooners fan. I think the owner wanted to see us throw down. Who knows. In any case, basketball talk soon turned to travel (Hawaii was a hot topic) and the outdoors. We gradually weened the conversation to a flutter and left. As we were pulling away, my friend said, "Oh god, he's outside waving to us." It was true. He was outside, alright, bidding us adieu. Some may call that spectacular service. I think that was over doing it a bit much. Yet, what else had he to do? It seems the FBR had devoured most of his dinner patrons. Besides, he did admit that Ichi Ban is more of a hot lunch spot for the surrounding businesses. As for the bill, it came to about $100. True, we did order some more expensive fish (like the white tuna), but it was not worth $50 a person. No way, no how. Especially since you felt like you stumbled upon an obscure shopping plaza and into a sushi diner, not a restaurant. (Case in point: They have a seperate counter to take orders for teriyaki rice bowls and the like.) The decor didn't so much bother me, though. It was the extra attention. I guess I just don't like being spoiled (that's one way to look at it). Plus, the owner is Korean. We know this because they were speaking to each other in another language, and my friend picked up on it. He was Korean alright. She should know. She married one.
3	This is a good place to stop for lunch, or if you are in the area and have an hour for dinner... which was my situation.  I met my friend who had suggested this place.  The interior is a lot nicer than I expected, but I would not let that fool you.  Overall, it is still a very average place. The one thing it has going for it is convenience.  It is incredibly convenient. My friend worked nearby, and we were on our way to a class even more nearby.  She liked the tempura, so that is what we had.  The tempura was very good, but I thought the place was a bit pricey for what it was.
4	I have worked near this place for 8 years now. I have eaten at every single lunch food place surrounding this office at least once. My favorite is Ichi Ban.  I just can't afford it as often as I want.I have also eaten sushi at several valley locations and I return to Ichi Ban every time. Why? Becuase they make the rolls very tight. The rice is perfect and the flavor is fresh. I can't stand it when rolls are sloppy and the rice falls apart or the fish slides right off. The portions of fish per piece is just right and the flavors blend so nicely. The presentations look good, especially that Dec. 29th roll. I have never had the fish smell I've encountered in other joints. Even the octopus is fresh and the wasabi is hot. Their tempura is perfect, the gyoza make it possible to bring my child who isn't as adventurous. I have never gotten sick there. I have frequently gotten full. I agree they are too attentive on the drink orders and seem to be in a hurry to take away your miso bowl, which is partly why they lose a star. Let a person eat!  The other reason was when I ordered my daughter some lemonade I got Endamame. I realize they may sound similar, but it was a drink order. They had good endamame though so I was ok. The third reason is that they close between late lunch and early dinner and it makes it less likely for me to go across the street to eat for dinner when I have to wait an hour.When I first visited the place was so dark and narrow, but I liked sitting up at the sushi bar and the owner remembers you. Well he always remembers me and even what we like and asks about my daughter when we don't bring her. I don't like their green tea ice cream, it tastes like what I expect Cyndi Lauper's lipstick might taste like. Maybe it's supposed to taste that way and I don't like anyone's green tea ice cream. I haven't tried others since that experience. I'd rather spend my money on another roll. I have tried to get my co-workers to come over, but no one I work with cares for sushi. I told them they could get a rice bowl with teriyaki chicken or something, but they pass. Maybe they don't want to go to lunch with me... hmm. My partner told me that not all Ichi Ban's are created equal. I'm just lucky this one is so close.  I just wish I could afford more of it. I'd eat there every day.
4	(UPDATE 1/09 ~ Things from the following review have been fixed at this location and it is once again on my rotation and has become a happy place. 4 stars!)My happy place just pissed me off. I spoke to the owner though, so I hope something changes. Apparently they have some new staff people who have no clue how to treat customers. They were rude to me, annoying, grabby and basically ruined my lunch hour, to the point where I left the joint. Secondly, the sushi rice was not as good as I am accustomed to from them and I don't know why they would mess with it. They haven't given me fruit at the end of my meal in a long time and with the annoyance I have had twice now with the service they just dropped down on my rotation.  It's only because of closeness that they will get another shot, but after 8 years of loving this place I am very sad to see it in this condition. The sushi still tastes good, but as I said they did something weird with the rice recently.
2	I would say that the sushi is mediocre at best. The rolls have a texture to them that I don't enjoy. On top of that, the prices are far too high. You might as well buy some pre-made sushi from the grocery store.
4	Not sure why Ichi Ban is getting a bad bunch of reviews. I went here many many times when I lived in the neighborhood, and while it doesn't stack up to Hana, Yasu, or the like, it's a nice solid neighborhood place.The owner, Seth, is a genuinely nice person, and prides himself in being creative with the sushi roll list and taking care of his customers. They offer about 20 rolls that are all something different than the norm. They make use  of a lot of spicy things, and fish combinations that aren't usually seen. I give them props for being different. The service here is great as well. Though I always get a very odd vibe from the servers and the restaurant. I've been here a few times when I am the only one and the 4-5 employees on the clock are all staring at you, waiting for you to need something. Interesting, but leave me alone for a few minutes. You creep me out when you watch me eat. They don't have any music, and the place lacks a lot of atmosphere, but the food is pretty tasty. At lunch time it is an order at the counter, rice bowl kind of place. Dinner time, you have a full menu to order from and everything is good. They do not have a full liquor license, only beer and sake.
3	Great sushi/sashimi, but spendy.I went for lunch.  Got a couple of rolls that were fantastic.  One california roll.  One order of sashimi.  A teriyaki bowl to go for a friend.  I think the total came to like $60.Delicious, but expensive.  Oddly, I don't mind paying about the same amount at Zen32 for dinner, so maybe it's just that the lunch atmosphere didn't match the price.  I had no complaints about the food at all--it was actually very good.  If you're not price-sensitive, this place gets four stars from me.
4	I've eaten at Ichi Ban for years, but tonight I had the Brothers Roll for the first time. It's a great roll for eel lovers - eel on the inside, eel on top. Very tasty. I now have a sweet alternative to my spicy Phoenix Suns roll (very spicy tuna with eel on top) when I visit. Very good.
3	Had lunch here today with a friend. The place looks like a total hole in the wall dive but it is clean. The service was good, attentive and lots of iced tea (one of my pet peeves) so I can't complain. We both ordered sushi and it was quick and definitely tasty- but damn was it expensive (I totally should have read reviews before going). For the two of us, a tea, a water and a few basic rolls, it was $40. It always cheeses me when places don't offer a good lunch special. Oh well, it tasted good and didn't kill us :)
3	Is this, like, the only place in midtown to get sushi? The portions seemed a bit on the lean side for the price, but are otherwise good. Nothing I'd had has been orgasmic, but nothing I've had has made me volcanically erupt. So, a good little sushi shop, for what it's worth.The service tends to be hit or miss and we've not had to wait for a seat.
4	The closest good sushi you'll find downtown. I've been going to Ichi Ban for a couple of years and have to say that its the best sushi you can find in downtown. They have a lot of specialty rolls such as the phoenix suns roll, spicy Tuna with unagi on the top with dressing. Pretty tasty. Their sashimi is fresh and made to order. The only bad thing about this restaurant is when your eating and it's not busy, they seem to be spying on you and makes it a lil uncomfortable for  you peeps that can't stand that the staff is looking at your every move. For me, I just want goo sushi and this place definitely hits the spot.
4	Let Me start by saying I am a sushi virgin, and many will say I still am. This is the only place I have ever had sushi. I did have a seared Ahi tuna at Scoma's in San Fran does that count? Moving on...Does it count if it's cooked?? I am told no. Anyway I loved 95% of what I ate here. Now we had a Philly roll, Spider roll, Tiger Eye roll, Texan (SPICY), and then eel and octopus. Everyone but me liked the eel and octopus. I couldn't get past the texture. But the other stuff was great with a little Wasabi yummy!This is a little dive in a strip mall but it is clean and the staff is very friendly, funny and helpful. Guess it's good enough for a Sushi virgin. Hard core sushi lovers may want to smack me.
3	I normally won't eat at the ichi Ban chain. The sushi is normally sub-par. But at this location, there is a line a lunch and dinner. The cheif is talented and the staff are friendly and fast. For an ichi Ban, 3 stars is a very high rating.
4	If you're in search for fresh delicious sushi in Phoenix, you should definitely try this spot.  I'm not into rolls so much, so if you want trendy overpriced gringo sushi then you might want to head over to Pure Sushi in Scottsdale.I've eaten here several times, and I've never been disappointed.  The price point is fair and the sashimi and nigiri are fresh and always satisfying!  We always sit at the bar, and you can hear the sounds of people "mmmm'ing" all around, and gratuitously thanking the chef for their meal.  The ambiance won't win any awards, but it's clean and the the staff is undyingly polite and attentive. Last time I was in the chef urged us to try the white tuna that he had just had Fed ex'd from Hawaii... OMFG, it was such a fantastic flavor experience.  With that I urge you the brave at heart to try whatever is on the specials menu.
5	Hey Sushi Lovers, I'm pleased to announce an exclusive coupon from Ichiban Phoenix and Sushi Lovers Unite!.  For $9.99 plus tax, you can get miso soup, edamame, soda or beer, plus your choice of california or spicy tuna roll. This is an Early Dinner special, good Mondays through Thursdays from 4:30 p.m .  to 6:30 p.m. Coupon expires January 4, 2010 so hurry and enjoy some delicious sushi at a great price during this holiday season.
3	It seemed like a slow night, about 5 at the bar, and one other couple sitting at tables.  The Suns game was playing quietly in the background.The place looks and smells clean, always a good sign.Service was good and attentive.  We didn't have to wait too long for the food.Now, I'm no sushi snob, but I know what excellent and mediocre sushi tastes like.  Honestly, the sushi here wasn't horrible. But, for the price we paid, we should have gotten higher quality sushi.  I'm a pretty basic guy, I want the veggies crunchy, the rice soft, the fish fresh.  Like I said, it wasn't horrible. However, I felt like I was paying high prices for slightly better than grocery store sushi.  Next time, I'll stick to the teriyaki and ramen.
4	I got there about 4:30 on a week day which happens to be about an half an hour before they open.  decided to just stick around and wait for them to open.  The owner drives up and tells me it's too cold to be waiting outside and that I should come on in even though they aren't open yet.  Good start.  You walk in and it feels like a real sushi bar.  No leather lined walls.  No fire and ice fireplace.  No hostess in a geisha outfit.  Just lots of wood and cheap chairs.  You know, like a sushi bar should be.  The place looks and smells clean.  Ok, so far we are doing well.So i grab some hot sake on a cold rainy day and starting to instantly feel at home.  I tell the sushi chef to just bring whatever he recommends.  some low points and some high points.  Then he brings me the white tuna.  Oh my god!!!!  This is the best thing ever.  Soft, buttery, tons of flavor.  At this point I couldn't be happier.  Everything I ordered at this point was tasty and fresh.  The only downside was the rice....Not bad but not great.  The octopus however, was really good.  If it is not cut right it can be very rubbery.  This however, was not.  I will definitely be back.  The service was absolutely fantastic.
2	Overpriced sake, mediocre rolls, and the Yellowtail nigiri was obviously past it's prime. I'm lucky it didn't make me ill. Won't be back when Hana Sushi is just around the corner at 7th Ave and Missouri.
4	Love love love their spicy tuna! call in your order for quicker service
3	I was Sure I Reviewed Ichi-Ban Already.....I can't speak for the sushi.  Ichi-Ban is an office favorite.  However many of us there are, there are usually 4, 6, 8, 12 or more orders for #1;  Teriyaki Chicken, vegetebles, brown rice, sesame seeds.At its heart, this meal is healthy and filling.  The other day I chewed and chewed and chewed and chewed some of my chicken. To be fair, some of it was tender and easy to chew.I decided, "This is a three."But we will be back.  I'll order #1 again, I'll enjoy lunch.
3	Overall mediocre. Decent sushi, average prices. Went one time..idk if I'd go back
2	I had been to Ichi Ban about 2 years ago and I was not at all impressed with the quality of the sushi. The rice wasn't too good, was not good on sushi but I'm sure it could have been good with some teriyaki on it!The rolls are way too over priced. 9 dollars for a philly? Really? Maybe if the rice was good and the fish tasted fresh but, nope. The most I'd pay for a philly here is 6.50.They also seemed to skimp on the size of the rolls.It's a shame because they could have SO much more business if they dropped the prices a bit and worked harder at making better rice since there are barely any sushi places downtown.
2	Ichi Ban means number one. Ichi = One; Ban = Number. This place is actually deceiving because it's not number one, its number last. Language lesson aside, this place can be summed up in three words; Poor quality sushi. I had take out yesterday and this place was just nearby my hotel. I got the sukiyaki and sushi combo and both the sukiyaki and sushi was sub par. The sukiyaki was wrapped twice, which was nice for take out but it actually tasted like crap. The sushi was also of a lesser quality so I was just disappointed in general. Maybe it's because I'm from NorCal but this kind of place should not be charging what it does for this combo. It was 20 bucks but for the quality, it should be 10-15 bucks. The other nice thing that I noticed while I was there was that they had sake bomb combos which is nice, because drinking is always awesome. You would probably need the drinks to mask the poor quality of the food. Probably explains why the place was largely empty.
3	I had the teriyaki bowl and a California Roll and it was pretty good; I think the teriyaki bowl was better of the two.  The entire meal with no drink cost like $6-$7 bucks so it's not too bad for a cheap lunch.   I'm sure I'll be back soon...
3	I ordered take out because my work is right across from this place. I went to get the sushi 10 minutes later when I figured the order was done. I was confronted by a street bum who cursed at me for not giving him money. When I went inside, I mentioned this incident to someone working there and they confronted the man and made him leave but he didn't I left and this same guy followed me back to my work throwing insults my way. When I went to eat my sushi it seemed very warm even thought I order nothing that should be cooked. Wasn't impress with the temperature. The sushi seems very small.
4	I come here for lunch often. They have good lunch prices on sushi and rice/noodle bowls. The staff is always friendly. You can eat in or carry out. I usually get the lunch spicy tuna roll. It is delicious and cheap! Their miso soup is pretty good. I've never tried the bowls because I know I would go into a food coma after lunch, but they always look delicious. Some of their regular sushi rolls are a little pricey, but other than that, no complaints. A great lunch spot!
5	Our neighborhood, locally-owned sushi place and NOT a chain (as someone suggested in another review). I had to weigh in because we have been going to Ichi Ban for 7 years and the owner, Seth, and his staff have been consistent, attentive and friendly. And the sushi is fresh, creative and tasty in my opinion. Order something off the "specials" menu posted on the wall and you can't go wrong with the spicy tuna. It also isn't as expensive as other sushi restaurants and there are other menu options for land lovers. Great sushi place for lunch or dinner and right on the light rail.
3	The rice bowls are a yummy quick lunch!I have never eaten the sushi here because I am super, mega picky about sushi. Raw fish is serious people!I go in here on my half hour lunch break to grab a steamy hot bowl of chicken curry about once a month. Its not Japanese curry like I was used to eating for the majority of my preggers days, but it will do. Of course I no longer live in Japan either... The chicken is tender the curry is savory, and the rice is well cooked and not dry. You can get hot sauce on the side to spice to your liking. It has a lot of potatos in it, that might be the only thing I don't like about this curry. I miss Japan... I would even settle for Curry House Coco Ichibanya if there was one here. Okay my mouth is watering which means its time to go!Oh my Naughty Nielly always orders the chicken teryaki bowl and that is pretty good too. Xx,Reese
4	Great place! Great Food. People who always say they can't find good sushi downtown need to find this place! They will make things off menu if you are so inclined. Happy hour is great prices as well.
5	Loved this place! They had great sushi and amazing service. Although we didn't know it we came in close to closing time but never felt rushed. It wasn't until we started talking with the owner that we found out the closed 30 min ago! However, he took extra time just to talk with us about his sushi, business and Phoenix. Can't wait to go back and chat with Seth!
2	The teriyaki chicken was ok, sauce too sweet and too much of it. I liked they offered the brown rice as an option. I was leaning towards the sushi, but the fish looked funny, fishy if you like (Sorry for the bad pun, but I had to!)
4	I ate way too much sushi here. It was so good, couldn't stop!
1	The sushi here sucks!  Small portions and they are cheap with the rice bowl servings.  The owner is a real jerk and  can use some training on people skills.  The people who work here change as much as you do laundry!  I've seen the owner talk down to his employees like they're stupid.  So unprofessional. Don't order lunch special California roll.  You will feel silly paying that much money for a snack size sushi.  Based on the jerk owner I'd give this place a -1 but the chicken udon is actually good- so there is my 1 star.
4	Good beef teriyaki rice/veg bowl - hard to find in Phoenix for some reason.  The beef IS kinda tough though and maybe a little scorched.I don't do sushi - so I can't speak on that.  Parking is tight around weekday lunchtimes.  Very dark inside, poor lighting, but I just get Take Out anyway.  Seems clean.One of the main dudes near the cashier seems to have a worthwhile sense of dry humor which is nice.Fast service.  Portions vary from visit to visit though...  I guess I could ask for extra beef in my beef teriyaki bowl.  If you opt out of the veggies on top of the rice, you still pay the same amount.  I'd prefer to get a little more of the beef instead, but they didn't offer that.Still a good choice where good teriyaki beef is hard to find in this town.  That's one reason to miss Seattle where there is good teriyaki beef on every corner, but perhaps one of the few reasons to miss Seattle...
1	Met some friends here last night with high expectations due to good reviews. We had a party of 10 so we made sure we were there right when they opened at 5pm. They sat us immediately but when  we asked them up front (before we ordered) to split the checks they had a bit of an attitude. We made it a game to get them to lighten up. Which they did! A for effort on the waitresses part. We had her laughing and smiling.  I should mention here that when we walked in it smelled fishy as well. Not a good sign for a sushi place. This should have been our second red flag. Food came fairly quickly. It was ok nothing special and a bit overpriced for what you get. Towards the end they started to rush to get us out which we would have gladly done 30 minutes prior if they would bring our checks. By the time we got home I was extremely sick and that was how the rest of my night went! I am not new to sushi. In fact its my fav! I would NEVER go back to this place. The only reason its getting 1 star is because the waitress was a hoot!
4	Good for take out. Quick and easy. Will work with you on the menus.  Very efficient   Honest hard working restrant.
5	My wife and I have tried several places. Thus place is the best. Seth will customize anything you like. It's awesome
3	I ordered a teriyaki chicken bowl with rice and vegetables today for take out. It was good and the portion size was adequate for lunch. The price was reasonable and the server was friendly. The ambiance was acceptable.
5	The selection of sushi rolls on the menu is second to none in the valley.  I know that I am always getting the best quality sushi and service when I visit.  The staff are always hustling and working hard to make your experience quick, especially during lunch.  This place is always packed during lunch but the wait is no longer than an average lunch time wait anywhere else.  The food is so much better than any other place downtown!  Highly recommend the sushi here!
