4	Very yummy breakfast! We met my mom here on her way out of town and had an excellent meal. My blueberry pancakes were fantastic. My husband had some sort of egg and meat concoction and it was great as well. My mom was quite pleased with her veggie omelet. Despite being busy our wait wasn't long and the service was quick.
5	I moved from Tempe to the east coast in 1999.  Whenever I come to visit Arizona, I am invariably asked, "Where do you wanna eat, Jill?" and I always say, "If I don't get some protein cakes from US Egg, there's gonna be trouble."  An example of my love and dedication:  A few weeks ago I was flying to Portland and I had a 2.5 hour layover in Phoenix.  My friends came to pick me up at the airport, drive 1,000 MPH to US Egg so we could get our protein cake fix in, and then they whooshed us back to the airport.  That's love, man.So yeah, it is some of the tastiest brunch you will ever eat.  I don't care what you order; make sure you get some protein cakes.  Yeah yeah, sure, they go fine with a Santa Fe chicken sandwich.  Stop overthinking it and just eat it. So in case you don't know what a protein cake is, it's like this:Think of the most delicious pancakes you've ever had.  Now replace the crappy white flour with some whole wheat flour so you're not unknowingly killing  yourself.  Now add a very generous scoop of fresh blueberries into the pancake batter.  And now add a significant quantity of almonds and granola.  And now add an unholy amount of cinnamon and spices.   Notice that it is bigger than your head; notice that you get two of them.  And then top it off with about 903 metric tons of butter and real maple syrup.  If you haven't found love right there on your plate, then dare I say you have a non-functional tongue.Try the hot skillets, too-- super-good.   But everything they have there is really good.  Very fresh ingredients, lovingly prepared, good coffee (decent decaf, too!), and served by waitstaff who are in impossibly good shape (ever notice that?).The owners are really great guys; they always make you feel welcome and appreciated, even when the line is long.Speaking of lines, there is often a pretty big crowd on the weekends.  Waiting for your table is no biggie; in the cooler months they have hot coffee outside for you, and in the summertime they have water and lemonade.  The wait won't be that that long anyway, I promise.I love that place.
4	Great place for breakfast or lunch. I really like the low carb menu. Friendly staff. Get there early as there can usually be a long line on weekends because of the great food.Huge menu with plenty of food options to choose from.
5	I absolutely LOVE, LOVE, LOVE U.S. Egg!! They are always welcoming, friendly and attentive whether I'm grabbing food on the run or have a few minutes to take a load off and dine with friends. I'm a bit of a "healthy eater" and I'm known for being the "I would like this, but..." And U.S. Egg has always delivered, no matter the many odd requests I've made. Things like swapping out a certain type of bread for another or making a 2-egg, instead of the traditional 3-egg omelet. Not to mention that the portions are always plentiful and arrive hot/cold (depending on the items) and are perfectly plated and presented when it comes to the table. And I cannot tell you how much I absolutely LOVE their protein pancakes!! Are you kidding me with these things, they are simply awesome! Enough said.. They were my livelihood during the Lenten season (this is when you must abstain from eating meat on Friday's), the protein cakes fit the bill perfectly! So, if you're looking for extensive menu choices, friendly and accommodating staff, then the U.S. Egg should be your next venture.
4	So good. Oh so good. So good for a hangover, or, so good for brunch with mom. Quaint little establishment with cute little waitresses bouncing around in tiny little shorts. My coffee cup was never empty, and even as I was leaving, my waitress was filling up my to-go coffee cup..  she gets my vote for the most wonderful person of the day. Their breakfast menu was pretty excellent, I got the Western scramble with mushrooms and it was cheesy delicious excellence. Very clean, and lots of seating.. I had read about the lines, but we got right in and right out. This place is exactly like The Good Egg.. but not as many senior citizens or bonnet wearing geese used as the decor.. I am a fan.
3	Had a not-so-great experience at US Egg. My veggie frittata was really soggy, like a veggie frittata soup. The frozen vegetables must have thawed in the dish.
3	This week, my friend and I decided to check out this place for our weekly brunch.  It was ok.  Not awesome, but not bad, either.  My friend had the patented (yes, PATENTED) protein pancakes, and they were HUGE.  Some other people were passing our table to get seated and literally stopped to comment on the size of the pancakes.  Anyway, they've got blueberries, granola, cinnamon, and slivered almonds mixed into the batter, so it's quite the pancake.  I tried some and thought they were pretty good, but, like I said, not AWESOME.  I was feeling like a skillet that day, so I got the ham, sausage, and mushroom skillet with two eggs sunny-side up.  The potatoes came out a little bit on the hard side (as did my friend's side of potatoes he got), but it wasn't bad enough where I would be like, This is totally not edible.  On the plus side, the potatoes are Idaho potatoes, so they tasted yummy.  They would've been yummier, though, if they were fully cooked.  Price-wise, this place is probably a dollar too expensive given that the food isn't AWESOME and given that I've been to other brunch places where it's cheaper.  Waitresses know what they're doing, though, and the wait time to be seated wasn't bad at all.  15 minutes tops.  We had to park a little ways from the restaurant, but it was brunch, and the place is in a strip mall with other businesses, so it was expected.  Overall, my friend and I decided it was A-OK.
4	Great alternatives...they have a low carb menu and some "just protein" combinations. I had a white burger, with no buns. the only bad point, I asked it medium well and it came a bit red for my taste. Aside from that...all what my CS friends ordered looked good and had good taste. Good attention in general and a nice environment.
5	Breakfast done right... as everyone knows that is not an easy task.  The scamble eggs were fluffy and not over-cooked or dry.  They have an awesome protein pancake packed with oats and blueberries.  The skillet hash is amazing!  Only quality ingredients used here.  The portions are also huge so only come here if you want to leave stuffed.  It is difficult to stop eating when it is m-m-good!
2	Huge menu. Lots of choices. Pleasant decor, very crowded - all good signs. The two of us had the New York omelet and Spinach Florentine. Hopefully without sounding too nitpicky, I found the latter name to be a bit redundant, b/c of that funny.Even though the size of the plates didn't overwhelm us, as has happened before, neither of us could finish the food. Cooked well.The menu prices were (imo) uneven. Most of it was reasonably priced but there were some items that seemed very expensive for what you were getting. Like sliced tomatoes on the side for $2.45. However, I liked the option of ordering hollandaise as a (very reasonably priced) side. Likewise pitcher or water with lemon on table.Pricewise, most important would be the coffee - we both ordered a cup. It came in a small carafe but the bill for both coffees was $4.58. That just seemed very expensive to me. It was typical diner coffee - better than some but definitely not what I'd choose on a regular basis. I don't expect it to be excellent but it is an integral part of breakfast out.The total for 2 came to about $27 with tip - a lot more than I thought reasonable for breakfast.Re: service, it was quick and fast. Not particularly friendly or unfriendly. But I had to clean the table after as there were grounds and coffee under where she first placed the carafe. Plus when I requested more cream (those jugs are tiny!) she put it right on the open newspaper on my right that I was reading. Needless to say, that didn't thrill me. Overall, the food was ok, but I would look long and hard before going back.
4	I was here on a Sat morning for a pick up order.  It was a right move on my part since the line was so long outside!  I went in to place my order and it took around 15min.  Everyone was very helpful and friendly.  *Protein Pancake - yummy.  You can taste so many things in the pancakes  like blueberries.*California Benedict - It was good.  English muffin with avocados, tomatoes, bacon and poached egg with hollandaise sauce.  I've made something very similar before but what made this dish special was the poached egg.  It was PERFECT.*Service = very good.   *Food = yummy*Price = average.  $15 total*Ambiance = a little iHop-ish but in a good way :)
5	An outstanding, but pricey, breakfast place that's reminiscent of diners of the northeast with waitresses wearing the Daisy Duke version of khaki shorts without the fraying. It's rare to drive by this place on a weekend morning and not see a crowd of people assembled outside. USE treats its customers waiting to get a seat well though. There's a coffee pot outside for patrons to help themselves. How many restaurants do that?Word must have gotten around for this place on the corner of Mill and Baseline because I've run into fans in town for a Fiesta Bowl as well as the University of Arizona softball team (Had I of known the girls were going to win the national championship that season I would have gotten autographs).A variety of different pancake options exist including protein pancakes. That means you could come straight here after a workout!There's also a variety of different omelet options that most breakfast places in AZ don't offer. What's in a Denver omelet anyway? What stood out for me was the Manhattan clam chowder. I was impressed the place even had it. Most places in AZ claim "clam chowder" on the menu and if you ask the server if it's Manhattan or New England, he or she doesn't know what you're talking about or says, "the white one."The Manhattan here was superb with a good tomato base and real minced clams. USE does well as a breakfast/brunch place and that's where its real focus is. Last I knew it opened very early and closed at 2 p.m. I don't know if that's still the case.  For all I know the waitresses wear pants now. After all, it is winter. A welcome change from the franchise breakfast places like IHOP, Denny's or Waffle House. Worth the extra money as well.
2	Despite being a red-blooded American male, I find this place a bit below average.  Yes, the waitress wander around in shorts that would make a cheerleader blush--but rail thin bottle blondes don't do anything for me or the food itself.  I've eaten here twice: the first time, I ordered huevos rancheros and coffee; today, I had the protein pancakes.  In both cases, the service was mixed and the food was bland.  My food came out quickly both times, but my server disappeared each time as well.  Today, I sat for 15 minutes until I was able to get the attention of a manger who located my server for me. The food itself is not bad, but nothing to cheer about.  The protein pancakes were enormous and dense, but not nearly as flavorful as one expects from an item filled with almonds, blueberries, and cinnamon.  As others have noted, they'll ding you on side orders--sour cream, tomatoes, guacamole, and the like will all cost you a pretty penny for diner-quality stuff.Finally, it doesn't affect the food, but the decor is garish and plain.  Remember that first apartment you got after college with the white walls and tan carpet?  This is basically the US Egg aesthetic.
4	completely forgot about this place until just now! came here about 4 months ago. my boyfriend was running in the Rock and Roll marathon so his mom and i decided to eat breakfast here. now when we got here it was prob like 6am?? since we had to drop him off for the race, so there was really no one in the restaurant. they had a lot of ppl on staff which was good-even tho it wasnt that crowded. but prob once the breakfast rush started to come in. we both ordered the protein pancakes. now it comes with 2 but our waitress told us we could just get one since they are really big and have a lot of good stuff in them! we also ordered fruit on the side. now when she said "big" i was thinking like Ihop or Denny's size, but they really are BIG!! like huge. prob the size of a large dinner plate. it was really good tho, and very filling! i would def come back again to try their other food!!
4	Good breakfast spot. It can get kind of crowded and you might have to wait a while. Once you get seated the service is very prompt. Our meal was served very quickly and it was very delicious. They have your standard breakfast menu here as well as some of their own breakfast specials. I tried the Border plate, which was like a frittata with chorizo and monterrey and cheddar cheese. It was very good. The chorizo was very delicious. Excellent breakfast place with good service
1	This place is awful.  We went there and my wife ordered a Veggie Benedict.  The one they brought out had bacon on it, not good for a vegetarian.  She sent it back and the waitress said she'd bring out a new one.  It was brought out within two minutes.  My wife asked if this was the same one, just with the bacon removed.  The waitress said, no, there was a mix-up and she just brought out the wrong one.  Well guess what was under some of the toppings...the bacon they couldn't pull off!  I don't know if the waitress lied to us or the kitchen staff lied to her, but it was not a pleasant experience.  Also, we waited about 20 minutes from placing our order to when it was brought out, half way through that time, the waitress came by and said "your food will be out in just a sec."  Obviously not her fault, but something she should not have promised.  There were other issues as well, but that is enough for now.  STAY AWAY!!!
5	I really dig this place!  The only problem with the U.S. Egg is that it is too far from my house.  I love that their pancakes are whole wheat!  I can find no other breakfast places that are "fiber-friendly"  with their 'cake stacks.  If I wanted a stack of average white pancakes I would save some money and Bisquick!  Their protein pancakes are sweeeet!  They are hearty, filling and tasty!  I wish that I could give an honest eval. on the rest of their menu but I am strictly monogamous with the Protein Pancakes.  This place is not your ordinary pancake hut!
5	Best breakfast place I have been to since moving to Tempe almost a year ago, and is my favorite breakfast spot period. I have had numerous items on the menu but always go back to the half and half, Idaho skillet and the famous protein pancakes which are unreal. Food quality is excellent, service is fast and accommodating, price is around 10 bucks a dish (well worth it) and the place is very clean. If there is a wait the owner will call us while we go next door to the baseline pub and have a mimosa.  Every out of town guest I have taken there has been very impressed. A can't miss.
4	Good breakfast spot with delicious French toast and many breakfast options.  It can get crowded on the weekends, but it is worth the wait!
5	I dub this place my favorite breakfast restaurant in the valley, though I don't get over there as often as I'd like. If I could eat breakfast here everyday.... I WOULD! I can't get enough of the protein cakes - bring. it. on! The eggs are good. The potatoes are great. THE END.
5	This is my favorite breakfast place in the valley.  I used to go to the Scottsdale location more, but now I generally go to this location, because it is DOG FRIENDLY!  Yay!The food is of the same consistent quality of the Scottsdale restaurant.  Same menu, same great protein pancakes, etc.  I recommend the half-and-half (see further description in my review of the Scottsdale location)I don't find this one to be as busy as the Scottsdale location, but there can be a wait on weekends.  But I've found the servers and ownership to be very helpful, in particular when we have brought dogs.Because this locaiton is dog friendly, it gets an extra star pushing it to 5 stars!
4	Ordered take out here for me and my boyfriend on a sunday morning. Had to run some errands before i was going to go get it and so I asked the lady if i could have it ready in 30 min. And they actually did that! I got there 35 minutes later and they were just finishing boxing it up. We got the biscuits and gravy YUM! and my boyfriend got the triple play. The pancakes were okay he said but the bacon was super delish. Overall just a great breakfast and we will for sure eat/ get take out from here again
4	casual, fun and great food!  Love coming here for a quick breakfast with the boyfriend, we both love the protein pancakes-AMAZING!  The service is always good and it's not crazy over priced.  Don't go in here trying to impress people with the decor, or an over the top breakfast experience but for your local go to spot for breakfast US Egg is the spot to go. :)
3	Don't know where my U.S. Egg reviews went, but I really do love the protein pancakes here.  It's a small place, so give yourself a lot of time on the weekends-- arrive before 10a or wait till after 11:30a.  Breakfast ends at 2p.  Mom loves their skillets!  Pass on their biscuits and gravy.
3	I've been a fan of U.S. Egg for a while.  We usually come here every time we're in the Pheonix area just for their awesome breakfast.  They have an extensive menu with all the basic breakfast stuff, but they're known for their skillets and also their amazing protein pancakes that are an healthier alternative.  They have good options if you don't want to pig out and their food over all is really good.The wait on the weekends is ridiculous, but nice touch offering free coffee for those waiting to be seated.  We had a fairly large group and the service was rather poor.  Honestly, I expected a lot more in terms of service.  It's not like they didn't know Saturday mornings get busy.  They need to hire more people.  The service was so non-existent at times where we had to get up and find them to get certain things like place settings, refills, etc.  It was rather annoying.  At one point our service explained to us they were waiting for clean cups so they could pour our juice.  Really?  You're an established restaurant and you don't have enough cups for your patrons?  Note to U.S. Egg owner.  I've made a shopping list for you:- Hire more people for the weekends.- Don't be cheap.  Buy more cups.
3	It was decent to good.  The protein pancakes are very good.  The sausage, bacon, and sides are maybe average.  The service was good at times and then the server would seem to get lost and not come back.  Either way, it's breakfast and it's a decent little place.  However, the Farmhouse in old town Gilbert is much better.
4	Went in for lunch during PodcampAZ. Good atmosphere, very breakfasty, which is what you would expect. I had a spinach/mushroom omelet, which was wonderful. I'm usually worried the eggs will be overcooked and dry, but it was pretty perfect. The potatoes were a bit undercooked. My sis-in-law had their pumpkin pancake, which was HUGE. She said it didn't have a lot of pumpkin flavor, but it was good. Nice brunch! I'd definitely recommend it if you're looking for a breakfast place that isn't Denny's or Village Inn.
1	Stay away!I have never had a worse breakfast experience. I used to live in the apartments right across the street, so I thought it would be a convenient place for a weekend brunch. Boyfriend and I headed over there one Saturday morning to check it out. I ordered a veggie skillet, and he ordered a make-your-own omelet. The menu description for my skillet said "fresh cut veggies." It came out with cauliflower and crinkled carrots. When I raised that point to our waitress, she giggled and said "freshly frozen!" Boyfriend's omelet also came out with only half the ingredients he ordered, and one that he didn't. The only good thing about this place is that they adjusted the check appropriately for our meals.
3	food is ok.  standard fair.  good selection overall, and friendly staff.  seems always busy and for me it was the only option open on new years day before we ran out of patience and just wanted breakfast.  not bad.... just never been blown away by us egg.
4	Our go-to breakfast spot in our neighborhood when we aren't looking for super greasy. We always brought our out-of-town guests here for breakfast/brunch. I always went for their "patented" protein pancakes and their skillets are good too. There can be a line on weekend mornings, but there is free coffee outside while you wait.
3	US Egg is one of those places that you walk in and feel like your family owns the restaurant.  People are super friendly and things just kinda move slower in this world - and that's not necessarily a bad thing in my opinion!It's one of my go-to breakfast places in Tempe as they have great omelets with just about anything you can dream of.  My personal favorite is mushroom and spinach.  Everything is served with an english muffin and potatoes.  They also have a lunch menu but I wouldn't come here for that really.  Some seem to like it, but this is breakfast only for this gal!
4	Thanks Yelpers! Took your advice since we are out of town and wanted some great breakfast. All our meals were delicious. On advice of Yelp I got the half and half, which is two small protein pancakes (not low carb, but they are whole wheat with blueberries, cinnamon, granola, and slivered almonds)- the rest was any of their skillet combos. Mine was potatoes with chx, avocado, bacon, and tomato, with an egg on top.  Seriously enough for two...! We will be back there this week!  (Update - we DID go back and it was just as great the second time around.  Place was packed at 9:30 on a Friday morning!)
5	The service was excellent. The owners come by to make sure you are being taken care of. The waitress was very upbeat and attentive. The California eggs benedict was a great choice!
4	This place has decent food.  The protein pancakes are great.  I enjoyed sitting outside here and having breakfast and it was close to where we used to live.  It's not anything amazing, but it is good when you are craving some breakfast food.
3	Yummy breakfast food. Only three stars because the service here can be pretty slow. Definately great pancakes and a very nice atmosphere when it's not too busy
2	No pride in presentation. Just food on a plate. Nothing special. In this day and age there is no excuse for week coffee. Although my omellette was hot the potatoes and English muffin were cold. If you have a choice between this place and Denny's choose Denny's.
5	PROTEIN PANCAKES!That's really all I need to say. I don't care if the service is bad, the tables are dirty or the coffee is watery. Their pancakes are worth an hour wait and a grumpy server.
4	Went to U.S. Egg for breakfast and I have to say it was better than I expected. I had coffee (so-so) and the protein pancakes with the ham and sausage scramble. The pancakes were AWESOME! I'm in love:) I must have the recipe!!! Anyone know it??? The service was also great. There was ample staff and everyone was helpful and friendly. I will hit this place again! MUST HAVE MORE PANCAKES!
2	So I went to US Egg because I really wanted an omelette. So bad did I want an omelette. And I figured, what better place then a restaurant called Egg!When I got there there was a 5 minute wait at noon, which was fine. I was seated and got my water pretty quickly. I had already looked at the menu and I got the Hawkeye. Which is chicken, avocado, tomatoes, bacon and jack cheese. I added onions. It arrived fairly quickly and was amazing! The hash browns and English muffin were really good too. (I mixed the omelette stuffing that had fallen out with the hash browns--yummy!) However, the service was bad. Pretty bad actually. My waitress seemed to almost ignore me. It took almost 10 minutes to get a side of salsa from her AFTER I asked for it (which took forever as well). Then, when I'm not even halfway through my meal she brings me my check. I was sitting there, fork halfway to my mouth when she just sets it on the table, says "no rush" and walks away. I don't know how long she's been a waitress but you NEVER bring a check when someone is still eating. Certainly not when they have just reached the middle of their meal.She never came back until (she decided) it was time to pick up the check. I had been sitting there, with my credit card in the sleeve, with an empty plate (silverware neatly on the plate) for more then 10 minutes before she took it.Needless to say I did not tip. Which is sad because I'm a 25-30% tipper on average. So, overall, very good food, very bad service.
3	I like U.S. Egg for the awesome breakfast food but the service needs a liiiiitle help. I just like to feel welcomed when I spend my hard earned money in restaurants but the food is better than I-Hop's so I will be back but I will not expect the help to be over-whelmingly...well helpful.
5	This is the first location that U.S. Egg opened in the valley and now they have one in Scottsdale and plan on opening a 3rd in Chandler. It is a locally owned business by what I think are brothers. You can see them working at each of their locations from open to close. Their food is amazing and is perfect for lunch and breakfast. My business partner and I stopped in for lunch and to my pleasant surprise they have an entire menu dedicated to the Atkins and South Beach diets. I'm not officially on either of those diets but I do try to steer clear of carbs during lunch and dinner. This menu was built for me. I ended up ordering a grilled chicken breast with scrambled eggs, tomatoes, and avocado. It was delicious and I was in heaven. I will definitely be frequenting U.S. Egg more often.
4	Katy Perry ought to do the commercial for this place:U. S. Egg girls, they're just unstoppable,Daisy dukes and pancakes on top. . .More about that in a minute.  First, I'll talk about the food.  This is the first restaurant we went to when my family first rolled into Phoenix.  While their famous "protein pancakes" weren't my taste, I'm a big fan of their regular pancakes and think that theirs are about some of the best I've had.  Fluffy and tasty, they really hit the spot.And of course, the eggs.  At many places like IHOP or Denny's, you often get scrambled eggs cooked in this weird-tasting grease that leaves you with a burning sensation on your tongue.  At U.S. Egg, they're just tasty, and cooked in butter--delicious.  If you're looking for an opinion of their protein pancakes, just ask my wife.  She's really impressed by them and has ordered them on both occasions that we have visited.Okay, on to the customer service.  Another reviewer said below that "legs sell eggs", and he's right.  This is where my "daisy dukes" comment comes in--the servers are all women, and many wear shorts and brightly colored cosmetics.  Beyond their appearance, they tend to be nothing special, and sometimes aren't even particularly nice.  Getting their attention can be challenging.  Nothing horrendous here, but significant enough to dock a star.  Too bad--this would easily be a five star place if they really focused less on legs and more on helpfulness.If you are looking for a kick-ass breakfast, and don't mind some chilliness and a little bare skin from your server, U.S. Egg will do you right.  Sometimes there's a bit of a wait to get in--not surprising, and totally worth it!
5	This is the location I frequent most (it helps it is less than a mile from my home). I have been to a U.S. Egg (this and other locations) more than a dozen times (or two) since moving to AZ in 2010. I love breakfast food and the "specialty" won me over instantly; PROTEIN PANCAKES! As the timeless Tina Turner once said, "Simply the Best!". That describes these pancakes perfectly. Before I go on and on about the pancakes (because I have been known to do so) some background information about atmosphere, staff etc. This location is in a nondescript one story building in front of the offices at Mill Towne Center (or is it Mill Town Centre?). Nothing fancy, but I don't need a "Jacket Required" sort of feel to a place to enjoy my breakfast. The staff is fantastic; hosts/hostesses, waitresses, busboys. I have never had anyone employed here be anything but 100% professional and attentive. To speak to something others have mentioned about getting the check early (while they are still eating); as long as you continue to be my waitress (i.e. refills, requests for jelly, etc.) I don't care if you bring the bill with the food. If I decide I want something else, I doubt any of the folks here would have a problem reprinting a corrected bill. Now on to the food!! The protein pancakes are filled with blueberries, granola, cinnamon and silvered almonds. The ingredients aren't something exotic, but they are perfectly balanced in the mix (not too much or too little of any of them). The thing about any food item you like at a restaurant, it becomes a favorite because they are able to duplicate it time after time. I have had this item many times (more than any other item), and they are always spot on (knock on wood) :). All the other dishes I have had (always breakfast, haven't tried lunch yet) were some combination of eggs and protein, and the eggs are always perfectly cooked to my specification (over medium), and the meat always juicy. I promise to write another review as soon as I don't get the protein pancakes (which will be when they decide to remove them from the menu - NEVER). :) Oh, or if I actually go in later than normal and feel like lunch over breakfast (not good odds :O).
4	This was some good solid breakfast! I wouldn't say that anything in particular blew me out of the water (apart from maybe how cute the girls who work there are), but there wasn't a single thing wrong with any part of my meal.The atmosphere was kinda typical breakfast joint look and feel. It has apparently very recently been redone, so everything is new and clean. Theres a pretty cool looking american flag made out of egg cartons on one of the walls, which I have to admit looked pretty awesome.I ordered the New York Omelet, which has chicken, spinach, tomatoes, and onions, I think, covered in your choice of hollandaise or cajun sauce. I knew i wanted the hollandaise, but I was kinda curious about what this cajun sauce was too, and I think the server could tell I was conflicted so she brought be both on the side! The cajun sauce really tasted more like a creamy chili, actually. It was good, just not what I wanted on the omelet, so I slathered on the hollandaise and got to eating. There is an english muffin and a side of hash browns as well.The omelet was quite delicious, though I would say the chicken was a little on the dry side--not terribly so but enough to notice it. The hash browns were really well cooked and not at all greasy. I also ordered a tall glass of OJ, and was very glad to have fresh squeezed arrive at my table.The servers are very friendly, willing to have a laugh, and kinda spunky considering the early hour; they help to get your morning started off right. And did I mention theyre good looking too? Ok, lets just be honest: theyre freakin hot. Ok? If you like good breakfast being served by hot, spunky, friendly waitresses, get it as US Egg.
4	Great little breakfast place thats been at the same spot for years, owned by some Iowa brothers I believe. They always have hot looking waitresses, breakfast is always perfect!!
5	If u want to eat here grab a dart and throw it on the menu, itll taste aweSome, and good eye candy for the morning and the owner is onsite and gives freebies sometimes, great environment/ethics
1	We went to US Egg today & it was terrible! The place was packed, which made it excessively noisy. The service was very slow, and when our food finally arrived, half of our group was given a cold meal. My friend ordered bacon and it was so badly undercooked that it was inedible. I requested that the chef substitute bacon for the ham in my breakfast burrito, and they got it wrong and left the meat out completely.  We were very disappointed with the experience, and we we will not be back. I think this is a place that does not function well when they have a full restaurant all morning.
4	We came here Sunday after Church.  There was a 20 to 25 min. wait.   Not bad for a Sunday morning.  If you are a dog lover you can eat outside with your dog on the patio, which is very nice. We got a seat inside and had very quick service. Coffee was very good and they brought us water with lemon.  Now for the food. I got California Eggs Benedict. Was supposed to have hollandaise sauce on top.  It was some type of Canned Cheese sauce.  Horrible, they totally killed it!   My BF,got The Protein  Pancakes ,they are good, if we go back i will get those. Don't get anything with the Hollandaise sauce. They also did not toast the English muffins.
4	I have been here many times. It is close to my house.   I really like the protein pancakes.  You can eat outside as well . I can take my dog even. We will be back but, my girlfriend got cheese sause on her eggs instead of hollandaise. She did not like that.     But, we will  be back. Lots of parking.
5	My boo and i go to U.S. egg all the time because they serve breakfast until 2:30 pm. This is not just any old breakfast joint, this place is delicious! I personally recomend the protein pancake, but my boyfriend always gets the protein waffle with eggs on the side. The decor is very friendly and all-american. The servers are friendly and all-american. the food is friendly and all-american. I think you get the gist..
4	The U.S. Egg is a very quality breakfast place with multiple locations around the Phoenix area.They have a very diverse breakfast menu with plentiful options. You'll find classic breakfast menu options such as omelettes, eggs benedict, pancakes, and skillets, cooked up with a U.S. Egg flare.The winners on the menu are the "Avocado and Jack Omelette", the "California Benedict", the "Wild Maine Blueberry Pancakes", the "Stars and Stripes Waffles", the "Bay Area French Toast", the "Spinach Florentine", and the "Santa Fe Skillet". This is one of the most quality breakfast places in the valley and a great place to take out of town guests or to go for special breakfast occasions. For those of you that are looking for an upgrade to the average Denny's style breakfast, this is a great choice.Great food, friendly service, reasonable prices, and a menu with lots of options, gives U.S. Egg an above average rating of four stars.
5	Could only say yum and that'd be enough. Great food, big portions (you could easily share with someone), great service! Will find plenty of excuses to come up to Phoenix for Bfast!
5	Delicious little place.
2	I cannot believe that anyone likes this place. Seriously, people wait in line for a LONG time here on the weekends....it blows my mind! I went here this morning with the BF and it was terrible! I got the veggie benedict with the hollandaise on the side (there's always too much sauce on these things...) and it just wasn't very good. The eggs were hard boiled....like chalky gross yolks...pretty not awesome. The tomatoes were mealy and the avocado was a bit brown. Additionally, there was a bit of mystery meat that somehow ended up on my plate...pretty unappetizing. The potatoes were pale, flavorless, and greasy...not worth eating. I ended up just eating the egg whites with the english muffin....real great breakfast for 10$. The BF got a blueberry pancake and bacon. The bacon was extremely fatty and the pancake was dry. I think the best part about this place is that it saved me a lot of calories....other than that, it was too expensive, loud, and all around not tasty. Definitely would not go back.
4	I totally love the Protein pancakes. There's lots of berries, almonds and oatmeal in it. There's on a plate which is just too much food, get just one pancake. Oh and a side of the turkey sausage. Get a half order of that too as the portions are HUGE. The service is great, everyone is quick to provide coffee in the A.M.
2	I'm going to join the small group of reviewers that wasn't "wow-ed" by this place.  I tried it twice, never wanting to rush to judgment.  My conclusion is, really, that this is a pretty mediocre restaurant.  In our two visits, we experienced over-cooked eggs, under-cooked hash browns, runny hollandaise, and generally bland food.  I am honestly somewhat baffled by the high reviews.  It's not terrible, it's just not worthy of more than two stars.  I will admit this: The servers and staff are very friendly, and probably the only saving grace.  I'd eat here again if it was the only place that didn't have a huge wait, but I'll stick to the Good Egg for now.
5	Whats not to love about a breakfast place thats always crowded every weekend? For starters i have to say DO try their protein pancakes.....they are out of this world, and their skillets are almost as good as mine...but thats another story.We only had to wait about 10 minutes, which was good considering the amount of people they had in there. The service was quick and pleasant. I know consider myself a US egghead!
4	Love this place for breakfast or brunch.  The original Tempe skillet.  Great flavor and very good service.
4	My wife and went there for breakfast. Nice bright decor inside with smiling waitresses.We were both pleased with the food and service.Next time we are down for spring training this will be our breakfast place.
5	Great protein pancakes!!!!  We had fantastic service from Taylor, came back the next morning for another helping.  Will get another fix next time I am in town!
2	Walking up to this place, you'd think there was no other place in town for breakfast.  We had very high hopes just based on the amount of people waiting to be seated.  Unfortunately, our hopes were dashed after eating.  First of all, as far as service is concerned, they rate high.  This place was C-ROW-DED! My husband and I and our toddler were seated outside on the patio about 20 minutes after we arrived.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive.As far as the food is concerned?  Blah!!  I ordered the California Benedict.  The English muffin was toasted which was nice, but everything else was bland as can be.  I asked the waitress to request my eggs poached "medium".  One thing having a kid will do to you is change some food habits.  I haven't been able to eat runny eggs since I was pregnant.  "Sure" she said with a happy smile.  One egg was completely undercooked, the other was completely OVERcooked... no happy medium.  The hollandaise must have been from a packet.  It had no flavor whatsoever.  Same with the potatoes.  Bland.  Boring.  Yuck.  My husband had the chicken friend steak.  Like the hollandaise, he was certain the gravy was straight out of a packet.  It's so rare that we get out for breakfast, let alone a benedict or chicken fried steak sort of breakfast.  I misjudged the long lines outside and the relatively steep prices.  I don't mind paying $25 for breakfast for two if it's worth it.  But U.S. Egg was definately not worth it.
4	Dad, the sis, and I came here for breakfast/brunch after climbing "A" Mountain this weekend. I'm sorry to say I've lived here for 2 years and never made it here until now. I will definitely be back. Ordered the half and half because it allowed me to not have to make a decision. I loved the protein pancakes! They were awesome and I will definitely be getting them again. The potato skillet was good, I ordered the santa fe, but not the best I'd ever had. The sis ordered french toast and she thought they were great. It was a little cramped as we were seated by a group of six at a table that normally seated 4, but not a problem. Service was friendly.
3	It's a breakfast joint, that caters to the health food fanatics as well as the big boy club. The staff is well selected- good looking women. The food beats your typical breakfast places(Denny's, IHOP, & Village) but not the best.
5	Another rival to my "Good Egg"! The service is great, the food is yummy.  I'm stuck on my "Half & Half": 2 Protein Pancakes, 1 Egg scrambled your way and your choice of a 1/2 order of Idaho Hot Skillet.  There is realy no reason to get anything else...
2	Tried them for breakfast on a mid-week morning.  I had the "Going South" omelette.  What a big disappointment.  The chorizo was tasteless and the green chilies tasted like they were added at the last moment from the can.  The food was luke warm.  The coffee was just OK.  This the first time I had been back after a 10 year absence.  I remember the great breakfasts I had here.  Maybe I picked a bad day since the restaurant was almost empty at 7am.  I am afraid I won't be returning since there are other places I have found that are better.
4	Walking distance from my house, the BEST coffee, and consistent service. They are always busy, but have their waitstaff and bus boys running a seamless operation. They can flip a table in no time. I love how they re-decorated and still smile seeing their egg carton and eggshell art. The protein pancakes are bomb and they have an ample outdoor seating area that is nice for a leisurely brunch.
3	The PLACE for breakfast. I am new to Tempe and have been hearing raves about this place so my roommate and I tried it for brunch one Saturday. It was a little crowded and noisy but that's how you know it's popular and a good choice. I order a waffle with peanut butter and he ordered an omlette but I forget which one. My waffle was fluffy and warm and came with a heeping serving a peanut butter, syrup and butter that melted like heaven on a warm plate. My roommate olette had avacado and chicken in it and made me jealous I didn't order it as well!The servers were all clad in ASU gear which I though was fun and the walls had some funky egg carton art that was cool to look at. Service wasn't exceptional but I'm going to guess that was because it was so busy. I paid $25 for both our breakfasts and tip. Thought that was a little much. I def recommend this place though!
4	I love the breakfast here.  Even though you get there and they seem swamped they are really efficient at moving tables. We've never waited more than 5-10 minutes for a table even on weekends.  I have only had breakfast there so I can only attest for the breakfast food and so far we have never been disappointed.  The protein pancakes are a must.  Very yummy!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE U.S. Egg.  It is our family's favorite place for breakfast.  WHY? - great service, yummy food, clean restaurant, nice outdoor eating area.  AND the Protien Pancakes are AMAZING!
4	Great place, great staff, fast service too. Cute decor. Love the half protein pancakes and half veggie skillet! So good! You also get your own water and coffee carafe. Even if it is crowded they move people in and out pretty quickly :) I will keep coming back. Just wish they had some veggie sausage :) They do have a black bean burger though, yay!
4	Excellent breakfast joint, open until 2:30 in the afternoon. I usually get protein waffles or the Dan Majerle low carb omelette. Their protein pancakes and waffles are amazing! Good service and nice staff, and a super clean dining room and bathroom. Minus one star for undercooking my eggs sometimes, but other than that they're perfect.
5	This breakfast visit stood out to me the other day for this main reason: curtousy. I walked in with a group of 10 people. We were greeted upon entering and when we asked if they could make room for a party that big, they responded, Absolutely! Just give us two minutes! They probably did it in less. The waitresses were patient with our crowd who were a little indecisive with our orders, always had water and juice refilled quickly. Also, the waitress was thoughtful when I wanted just one pancake to go with my omlette, she suggested the kids pancakes because the regular size would be rather large. Then the kids pancakes came in the shape of mickey mouse heads. Yaya! Also, their food is always delicious.
4	Great selection of breakfast and lunch foods. Prepare for a wait on weekends. Nice pation seating.
4	This is just an observation so I don't know how many stars to put for this but have you ever noticed that all the girls who work at US Egg are all around the same age, all very pretty, and all wear short shorts? Just a random feminist kind of thought on a sunny day. Don't get me wrong-still love it there!
4	Went here again recently, and the patio is very nice if you want to bring your dog with you.  The waitress even got a whole pitcher of ice free water just for our dog's water bowl.  They are offering their seasonal pumpkin pancakes now, which I ordered.  They were delicious, but I'm still a bigger fan of their protein pancakes!
5	I love this place. Delicious food delivered quick and piping hot with a smile. At a steal quite honestly. The coffee is excellent and you can sweeten it with stevia too. This is my fourth time here and the service is always friedly and spot-on. Right now I have to get back to enjoying my scrumptuous Santa Fe skillet plate and fabulous protein pancakes before they get cold...Ta!
4	Service at this location is a bit slow or I would give this 5 stars. The food is fresh and good portions. If you have not tried the protein pancakes you are missing a real treat! Don't go to this location in October before checking the bar next door for their annual motorcycle club breast cancer awareness ride. Our leisurely Sunday morning breakfast was accompanied by 50 to 60 Harley Davidson motorcycles riding up to the bar next door to imbibe at 10:00 a.m. Who does that!! It was good people watching at least! We sat outside so the exhaust fumes where a bit much. The Chandler location is much quieter!
5	Awesome place! They always remember me even if it ha been months since I've been in. I'm not really a breakfast guy so I usually get the chicken philly or an amazing crock of chilli. Get the lental soup when they have it, it is sooooooooo good! Going again Sunday!
5	One of my favorite breakfast places. Currently pumpkin pancakes are in season. Awesome!
2	Up until today, I hadn't been here in years.  Went today at 10:00 am and was quite surprised at how busy the restaurant was.  I was even more surprised at the prices.  There wasn't much on the menu for under $10 - for breakfast.  Even the "lighter" options were heavy in price.  I was meeting a group, decided to order coffee because I had already eaten.  I must admit that I was surprised at the price of a 'nothing special' cup of coffee - 2.95 for coffee at a breakfast joint is over priced IMO.  I would much rather have spent that money on a Starbucks - at least I would have gotten some enjoyment out of my coffee!  I've heard that the food is good, it had better be darn good for the prices that they charge.  If you're going out for coffee and a muffin, this is not the place to go.
4	Good food and service.the meat lovers skillet was awesome.
4	Well it is 12-12-12, a wonderful Day I think!!! Got up this morning and the coffee maker was not working.So we came here for breakfast. We have not been in a while so thought it is close we will go. Not too busy, and they have a very nice accomodating staff.We sat inside because, it is in the 50's this week(in the morning).Food is good , coffee is as well. You have to ask for Butter or else they will give you margarine.The water is tap water, so a lot of lemon will kill the taste of bitter and bad.Food is good I just wish they went more natural. Even all the jams are a bit gross.They cut corners here on certain things which really takes away from it all.Otherwise I would give them a 5 star.
5	Super breakfast! Half n Half: skillet with chicken potatoes egg avocado cheese. Yum! Plus protein pancakes. Great service. Coffee pot on our table. You definitely have to try this one!
5	When it comes to traditional breakfast I would rather eat at home then go to IHop or Dennys, but US Egg hit the nail on the head. I love all of their food and its fresh and delicious.  Very friendly staff and great service.
5	The half and half at US Egg is my favorite breakfast - choice of skillet with an egg and two protein pancakes.  Perfect.  Service is great, and has been great since I started coming here in the nineties.  My only minor complaint is the coffee:  drinkable, but generic and a little weak.  Overall, my favorite breakfast spot in the east valley.  Always a positive vibe.
2	Five star reviews, really? Have you not been to Waffle House? The only reason this place gets two stars is the service which is quite good. Do to poor grocery planning (running out of eggs at home) I ate here twice in the last ten days (closest breakfast place to my house). The first time was more of three star experience as the food was solid Waffle House quality, just a little expensive. The second time was sad. I was on my way to South Mountain to go mountain biking and I starving, usually anything tastes good when you are really hungry but not at US Egg!  I ordered a fairly basic dish, the Western scramble and it seemed to take longer than normal to come out but I was starving so maybe my hunger just made it seem that way. Finally it arrives! It looks kind of runny and just odd, little clusters of cheese topped egg, pepper and ham clusters. It was runny and not hot, tasted a little under cooked and very bland. The hashbrowns were really greasy too. Normally I would politely point this out to my waitress but I was hungry and in a hurry to go ride. Then I got the check, $13 for a cold, runny Western Scramble and OJ! The same dish only tastier at IHOP, Dennys or Waffle House would of been $8. As a business owner I really like to support local businesses but when their product is inferior to the chains and cost 50% more I will go to the chains.Long story short, overpriced and under cooked with great service.
5	Great food great service only downside is a long wait sometimes but the food is worth the wait. For a small mom and pop place the cooks  and the waitresses sure keep things moving so when you drive by and you see a line outside do not worry they have free coffee and that makes the wait not to unberable.
5	The BEST breakfast I've EVER had in a restaurant. Truly! You've got to try their protein pancakes! I'm going to try to make them at home....
4	I come to AZ once a year for Spring Training and this is the second time I come here. The wait time is about 20 minutes but worth it. The wheat pancakes, french toast, biscuits and gravy are all very delicious. All the food is well portioned and satisfying. The staff is friendly and very attentive. One thing that bothered me was my girlfriend was ignored by the gentleman (I think is the manager or owner) when she was going to give her name to be placed on the wait list. He waited until I stepped up and took my name instead. I also wish they had larger glasses because I enjoy a large glass of milk with my pancakes or french toast :)I will definitely be back next year for Sunday breakfast!
5	The service (arrival of food) was QUICK!  The pricing absolutely affordable.  Pleasant folks.  We're going to go back one more time before we go on a road trip.    This place is more affordable in comparison to many breakfast/brunch places.
4	I have had this review sitting in my queue for  years, but in that time... A LOT has changed.Rewind back almost 3 years to when I first tried this place. It was alright. Protein pancakes were kinda alright, decor was similar to that of a long-term adult care facility, etc, etc etc...Fast forward up to just over a month ago, and here we are now. My boyfriend recently moved to Tempe and his house just so happens to be a 5 minute walk from this place. Decided to check it out one Saturday morning and they have really updated their style in all that time. Thank Gob.The food is super delish. I don't get the protein pancakes... but whatever I get is amazing. Couple of eggs, some hashies, a english muffin and some bacon. I really enjoy it... and so does my boyfriend (who really likes ham... yuck!) ;)There isn't much more to say than that!Except that this place gets kind of busy on a Saturday morning. Obvs... But they seem to hurry through the wait list and an impressive rate. Don't hate. Don't get turned off by the time, put your name in and unwind.... and get your quick (unsatisfying compared to what they actually serve inside) coffee fix at the outdoor coffee stand while you hang out!
4	I met a friend for brunch here the other day. We had a nice meal with good service. My friend is a server/ bartender and I was for years, so we like to get to know our server chatting with them a little. We know to respect our servers, but if we want or need something how to ask for things nicely because we understand what it's like to be in their shoes. I ordered a veggie omelet with some modifications and it came out perfectly. I like when you can see that all employees in the restaurant are hustling and working together. I guess the reason why I only gave 4 stars is because I really love breakfast places and U.S. Egg has some stiff competition with other breakfast spots in Tempe!
5	Great selections, great staff. It can get busy on the weekends, but the food is almost always worth any wait. They even brought me a pitcher of soda, to make sure I wouldn't have to wait for refills if they got busy. It was a nice touch, and unexpected since I was the only one at the table drinking soda. They have a selection of Adkins friendly meals, which I appreciated. I've been coming for years and I don't see that changing anytime soon.
5	Took a client out for Breakfast this morning and ended up here at U.S. Egg.  Even though I work right around the corner . . . I have never had the experience of stopping in for Breakfast.  I was very glad that I did . . . and more importantly . . . the client was very happy also.I had the protein waffle with a side of bacon and orange juice.  The protein waffle was hot and crispy on the outside and soft and tender on the inside . . . while the bacon was nice and hot and also crispy.We were served quickly and  finished before we finished our meeting . . . but still lmanaged to sit at the table and finish our meeting without feeling like they were trying to rush us out.Will definitely be back.
3	Pretty decent all around.  Protein pancake was large and good.
4	Found a new breakfast spot!The bf tasked me with finding a spot for breakfast on the 4th and I gave U.S. Egg a call, they were open, so we headed on down. The inside looks a lot different (brighter, happier) than the outside complex, and we were seated right away. We perused the menu and I decided on the half and half, mostly because I wanted some pancakes. I had the ham, sausage, and mushroom skillet topped with a scrambled egg. The pancakes were not as I expected when they came out - they appeared to be whole wheat (I obviously didn't pay attention to the menu). BUT.THEY.WERE.SO.GOOD!!! Granola, almonds, blueberries, they were easily the best part and I will return just for the protein pancakes. The skillet was great, don't get me wrong, but I fell in love with the pancakes that morning. The service was good, she forgot to bring out my OJ but she quickly took that off the bill. We'll definitely be back
4	Fantastic breakfast and/or brunch spot. Honestly never had lunch there but I've had breakfast there numerous times at about lunch time. :)BEST THING about this... after a long hike or mtn bike ride... they have a whole protein section of the menu on the back that is perfect for after workouts.They're almost always busy, sometimes wait can get up to 20-30 min during rush times but they serve fast but don't rush. The place is great... just go... you'll agree :)
5	Great place and our first visit at this location.  We typically frequent the Tempe location and love it as much but this location is roomier and more modern, understandably.  As always, the staff, service and food is phenomenal!  Will always recommend either location.  Great job guys!  :-)As I re-read this, I realize this review is for the Tempe location, but I was rating the newer Chandler location.  Carry on folks and know that both are fabulous!
2	Oh U.S. Egg, how I miss what you used to be.  My wife and I have been coming here for years and ordering the same thing each time.  But recently, your food is just disappointing.I think it was around the time you started playing around with your potatoes 2 years ago and they seemed to change weekly before you finally decided to go with hash browns.  I can't say I am surprised you stuck with hash browns - that is what every average or sub-average restaurant chooses.  It is quick and simple, compared to the effort to make home style potatoes.Our omelette is never consistent or fluffy or moist anymore.  Half the time you forget something in the omelette - literally, we now check it when it comes out before taking the first bite.  You are now just like Ihop or Denny's to me, but I don't understand your lines on the weekend.  I have left you for a better breakfast place.
5	I've tried the typical breakfast places... But this one was way better! I got whole wheat pancakes. They even tasted good!!! It's relatively cheap considering the good is healthy and delicious. Our waitress was very attentive and the decor was cute. I would go back :)
5	We loved it. Lots of healthy options, hearty portions of fruit, and all around deliciousness.
4	Good little restaurant! hashbrowns are really good. Bacon was under-cooked. Waffles looked amazing.
3	The boyfriend and I went to US Egg on a Friday morning thinking we'd avoid the weekend crowd. We were able to get a table right away but it was pretty packed. Almost every table was sat so I can see how this place would have a long wait on weekends.Even though we were sat right away it did take a while for anyone to come over to our table. By the time they did we were both ready to order.I ordered the half and half - two small protein cakes and a half skillet. Boyfriend got blueberry pancakes, eggs and bacon.Just like the time we spent waiting at the beginning, our food took quite a long time. At one point our waitress walked by and said that our food was coming right out but I swear it was still 10 minutes from that point. Our plates must have been sitting a while because while our pancakes were warm our eggs were cold. I will say the protein pancakes were very good - the highlight of the meal for sure. The skillet was pretty good - hashbrowns, chicken, avocado, tomatoes and the egg on top. I liked it but the pancakes were filling so I mostly ate those since I liked them better.Boyfriend said his pancakes and bacon were just okay, nothing special and like I said earlier, his eggs were cold.I don't see us waiting on a weekend for this place but if you do, go for the protein pancakes - they're awesome.
5	US Egg has become my goto breakfast on the weekend, I try to go at least one weekend day every week.  It is the perfect place to relax and enjoy good food and good service.First, the food.  I wish I could try more things, but I keep going back to my usual favorite - Protein Pancakes.  They are amazing!  Just the right combination of ingredients to make a pancake I could never duplicate.  The flavor just hits the spot, everytime.  The few times I have strayed from the norm I have not been disappointed.  The Hawkeye omelette is great, as well as the Chicken Fried Steak.  If I stray from the pancakes, it is usually to get the half and half, just so i can still have a little pancake with my egg dish.Second, the service.  It is always busy, but you really never wait long for a table.  This is rare, but somehow US Egg manages to be efficient without rushing people.  If you walk in on the weekend morning and see a crowd, do not be discouraged, you will be seated in 5 or 10 minutes usually.  They even have coffee outside for you to enjoy while you wait, talk about great service!  The staff at US Egg has always been very friendly, I have never had a complaint.  Even if you had to wait a few minutes for something, you can just tell they are all trying their hardest to just make you happy and help you enjoy your meal.They may not be perfect, but I found the tiny imperfections more than understandable and overlookable, which for me is hard to do.  The worst thing I could say is that one of my 2 giant pancakes was only about 3/4 of a pancake, cleverly hidden underneath the top cake.  Not a big deal, but a slight annoyance to see that hidden underneath instead of a proper pancake.  Also, things can be a little sticky the later you go in the day.  I guess the wipe downs go a little faster as the crew gets tired?  I found my thumb a little sticky after pouring coffee the other morning, which was easily remedied with a little water, but something that should have been properly cleaned prior to serving perhaps?All in all, I will continue to enjoy my weekly breakfast at US Egg, and I think they do a fantastic job with the food and service!
5	I love breakfast and this was one of the top rated in Tempe so I decided to try it. The parking lot was full and the line was long but I was ushered right in because I was alone and only needed a table for one (one of the only perks of eating alone). The staff was young and energetic. The atmosphere was upbeat and positive. The menu is extensive with several traditional breakfast (and lunch options). I ordered the french toast and a side of hash browns. The French toast was very good. I personally would have preferred it slightly more browned but it was still really good! The hash browns were amazing; not to greasy with a mix of crispy on the top and well cooked in the middle. They have free wifi so I was able to use my computer while eating. I would highly recommend!
5	Went for bfast on tue, had a bad experience at Scottsdale location, not sure what to expect here...service awesome, food wonderful and quick! Natalie was a super waitress, attentive, but not annoying. I will be back!
1	I think this was the worst place I have ever eaten in terms of money/quality. Their coffee is just brown water with no taste of actual coffee. It was rather disgusting. I was more than disappointed by that. The food was too bland to be able to eat without adding some extra spices and hot sauces. My freshly squeezed juice was brought in within 2 minutes. Really?  There was no pulps no nothing indicating that the juice was indeed freshly squeezed. I am really surprised that the place has such a high rating. I paid about $20 dollars for something I'd rather had not eaten.
5	Came her with my girl for something different. Protein pancakes were a great pick. She chose the The New Yorker omelette, both delicious choices. Definitely a weekend spot for breakfast.
2	Pretty gross. They don't use fresh fruit in the pancakes, the servers do not know the menu when you ask questions and the other egg dishes are runny. got my breakfast with half off my food hanging off the plate. Much better and healthier breakfast options in town.
2	A strange place this,like it was America back in 50's but I was hungry and visiting in a new town.The joint was empty bar one but the server was sweet and generous.I scoured the menu for something that wouldn't kill me and settled on the BLT with a side of sweet potato fries.The bread choice was brown or white..that was it.I nearly pissed myself laughing.The filling of my sandwich tasted okay but the bread tasted like fibreglass.How do these guys stay in business with such out of date food?I'll never know because I'll never be back.
4	First time here! I ordered the Bay Area French Toast, the fb had the traditional breakfast. Both of us were surprised at how much food there was on the plates and how fast they came out (we came at the prime time breakfast hour, on a Sunday no less).
3	The food was...food. I wasn't totally impressed. Wasn't really as wowed as I'd hoped to be based on what I'd heard. The pancakes are okay but a little bland. Sausage seemed to be akin to that brown n' serve stuff you find in the freezer aisle. The bacon was good though and the eggs were prettt good.
5	Great great I bring people here standard breakfast fair heathy options and some southwest options as well, good portions great staff always busy never to much of a wait they do a amazing job of getting people in and served.. Bonus coffee out front for people waiting. The breakfast sandwich has tomato and the best bacon on it., can't stop coming here love this place. Family owned local business multiple locations these guys got it right!
5	The Half & Half, consisting of protein pancakes and a skillet, is AMAZING! I wish they had a location close to me, because I would be there weekly. The protein pancakes had amazing flavor, texture, and size, and they used fresh blueberries. I tried the rancho skillet and the meat lovers, and both were fantastic. The serving size is filling, it'll be a feat if you can finish your plate. I love that they gave our party of 3 a carafe of coffee, so we didn't have to wait for refills. Service was great too. This place is a winner in every way.
5	US Egg is by far my favorite breakfast place in the valley.   If you've never had a protein pancake Santa Fe half and half you're missing out in life.   The people who go to US Egg and are disappointed are the people who have clearly never had a protein pancake or waffle because it's basically heaven.  One try and you'll never want another pancake again!  If only I could figure out the batter I'd probably live on them.
2	Last couple times were not good.  Service was slower than usual and food wasnt as good as it usually is.  I dont like the coffee here at all.  Each time I get it by accident I tell my husband please remind me next time that I do not like their coffee and not to get it.  I wish they would serve something nicer like Douwe Eggberts (same coffee they serve at Crackers)  This last visit our waitress brought us HOT chocolate for our 4 year old in a spill able Styrofoam cup which she also put a straw in.  Thankfully my husband took a sip to test it first and burned his flipping mouth off.  I am sure the girl was too young to realize what a mistake that was but come on lets have a little common sense.  Would have been much better to bring in the mug it comes in and to let us know it was very hot and of course you wouldnt put a straw into it.  The time before this we waited forever for our food it was almost 40 minutes.  Not sure if I already reviewed that time but it was horrible.  They didnt even put cheese in my omelette.  We used to be regulars but fugget about it.
1	Terrible! My cup was dirty, eggs uncooked. When I brought it to the managers attention he was a pompous jerk. Telling me that "there's the door. Maybe I should cook at home"The eggs were uncooked to the point of health hazard. The only service I got was awful food and rude arrogant management. I will never be coming back to this establishment. I left feeling nauseous and verbally abused.If you do eat at this establishment CHECK YOUR EGGS AND DISHES!!!!!
4	Went here after hearing about the protein pancakes. So, I had the 'half and half' order which was 'small' (still big in my opinion) protein pancakes and half Santa Fe something all in all it was good tasted great, but I honestly would have expected more for the price. I am willing to spend money, but for what they charged I would have expected more. If you want a real change and great breakfast/AM eatery try 'SNOOZE' in Phoenix's Town and country shopping centre. I did enjoy the food. Don't get me wrong, but as I said, "I would prefer to spend that amount of money else where."
4	I am in love with the protein pancakes here!  If you've never had them, try them.  They are pancakes filled with oats, blueberries, and I forget what else, but they taste delicious.  Especially covered in the side of softened fluffy butter and syrup they serve it with!  The texture is not exactly like the traditional fluffy pancake you are used to, but I still love them.I just with they would update their decor a bit, as some of the carpet and stuff is starting to look worn.
2	I went to the Tempe location and again it was in a strip mall.  Seems like all restaurants in Phoenix are in a strip mall.  I was seated right away.  One quirk that I noticed is they cannot serve alcohol on their outside patio due to a Phoenix law.  I found that curious.My server kept staring at me like I had two heads that morning. I ordered the Sonora burrito that came with hash browns.  I had to ask twice to get the ketchup and it was brought in a small metal container.  Why can't I have a ketchup bottle?The hashbrowns were not cooked all the way through and were kind of gross.  The burrito was tasty but they didn't give enough sour cream to go with it.  Later on either the chilis or the chorizo got me.  So that put me out of commission for a bit.If I lived in Phoenix I might give them another try.
4	Best American breakfast I've had in ages!!!  I ordered 2 eggs over-easy, four strips of bacon, two pieces of gluten-free toast, and a fruit dish.  Everything was perfect!  The fruit was fresh and flavorful, bacon delicious, eggs perfect, and bread was well, gluten-free.  I loved my breakfast!  Loud resteraunt, packed, but good service.
5	Just visiting Phoneix and looking for a breakfast place to eat in the morning.  We trusted yelp reviews and went to Us Egg. Food was amazing very friendly people, I will definitely recommend this place to everybody.
4	I really enjoyed U.S. Egg!  The staff were friendly and courteous and everything came out quickly and correct.  It was delicious!  I really appreciated that they had egg-white options for omelettes and mine tasted great.  My mom got a benedict which looked incredible.The restaurant is clean and very nicely decorated, the egg map of the U.S. was so cool!  The only slight down side was that the main room is very echo-y so it gets a little loud in there.
4	Breakfast comes out HOT and FAST, I love this place for their traditional breakfast and skillets.  I was disappointed with their steak and eggs and burrito.  But stick with a skillet or traditional sausage & eggs and you will be fine.  Warning: portions are huge!
4	One of my favorite places for breakfast. A little pricey but food and service is good and the place is really clean. You should try the protein pancakes!
2	I wanted to like this place since it's so close to my work and I'm sick of heavy food that most of the other fast food places have around here. I ended up being disappointed before I even got my food. I went online to their menu to see what they had to offer. I knew I wanted a dinner salad and I also decided to get a sandwich. I ended up going with their egg salad sandwich. On their website the sandwich is priced at $7 and some change. I also subbed out the fries for a dinner salad for an extra charge of $1. When I went in to pick up my order it was over $10 for a sandwich and small dinner salad. Once I got my receipt the sandwich was actually over $8. The food was not worth $10. I went back to work to eat and when I opened the to-go box and they had put all the egg salad on one side of the sandwich. The egg salad was also very runny and really bland. The bread was the only thing that had some flavor. I added some salt and pepper to it hoping it would make it taste a little better. It really didn't. So I ended up paying $10 for something that was tasteless and a runny mess. The only thing that was good was the dinner salad and the crackers.The food isn't worth the money. I will not be back.
5	Great food.  Great service my first time here was a wonderful experience.   I ordered the chicken and egg whites and tasted great.  I will come back as much as I can.  Wish they had longer hours.
2	My girlfriend and I have come here 2 other times since it is right next to where we live. Now I remember why we drive 5 miles to another place. I ordered the Western Scramble and it was so bland. The eggs were flat, the veggies in it were raw leaving a overpowering 'green' taste from the peppers. And the portions were ridiculous. Way too much food. It was sad to see such a waste. Even though it's a 2 minute walk, I think we will just keep walking by next time.
4	Breakfast was pretty yummy and as I was walking out I noticed they have mimosas will def go back!!!!
4	Having just dropped off my better half at Altered Ego an opportunity was presented to try US Egg for breakfast. Sitting here now after having the California Benedict. Its 8:45 and the place is pretty busy. Plenty of booths and tables with an outdoor patio. The restaurant is clean, service was fast and friendly. My food was tasty and filling. I would not hesitate to return.
5	I've been coming to this U.S. Egg for 3 years - usually for breakfast. They have the best omelettes, decent prices and a friendly, efficient staff. There can be a 10-15 minute wait but it's worth it... Solid!
4	The food was great but our service was terrible. Will be back with hopes for a different server.
5	EGG-CELLENT!!!!Food was great and the staff is really friendly! Totally wish there was a U. S. Egg in Cali!
4	Very cute breakfast spot. Good food. Prices were a little high on somethings but average on others. Like oatmeal was almost $5 but a kids full breakfast was the same price. I had a breakfast sandwich which was delightful.  Though the hash browns were cokd and tasteless.  My husband had the California Benedict which he said was wonderful and he ate it all. I will definitely return on my next trip.
4	Good place, good atmosphere.  Many customers, busy, yet welcoming.  The waiter was friendly.   The menu is appropriate, varied.  I wish waffles were offered in the kids menu.  My son wanted and I paid for an adult portion, which is a good size.   However, a bit too much for my son.
5	I will say this - I have never really been impressed with breakfast, either made myself or at a restaurant, but I am very impressed with U.S. Egg!The interior was really nice with decently sized tables and cool decor - like a US Flag made out of egg cartons (with eggs as the stars)!The food portions were big - and they even have gluten-free toast, french toast and waffles! Wow! It's hard enough finding gluten-free food in a restaurant, let alone actual bread items!I ordered the eggs, hashbrowns, bacon, and two pieces of toast. The eggs were supposedly only two eggs, but looked more like four - it was a lot of eggs (in a good way!) The hashbrowns were crispy, eggs were fluffy and not overcooked, and bacon thick, crunchy, and not too fatty. The toast was actually really good, considering a lot of gluten-free bread can be pretty mediocre to awful.It was a little bit pricy - $24 for two meals and a pitcher of soda - but I was happy with my meal to the point of tipping a little extra. I suggest stopping here if you want a great breakfast!!
1	Mediocre food and horrible service. This is not so much a restaurant as it is a micro-managed conveyor belt. Granted, I went on a Saturday morning which is going to be the busiest time for any restaurant specializing in breakfast, but I do not detract any points for the 30 minutes I had to wait on line for a table. What was irksome was having to wait another 40 minutes after being seated to be served. I ordered the steak and eggs with coffee. When it was finally served 40 minutes later, the waitress had completely forgotten about my coffee. The steak looked good on the outside, but was very gristley and deeply infused with cracked pepper. I happen to like spicy food and was starving so I ate it anyway, but many would not have been able to eat it at all. I didn't make any complaints to the harried teeny bopper waitress as she was just a nervous little cog in this machine who couldn't change a thing. The meal came with bland hash browns and an English muffin. They don't ask you what kind of bread you'd like and whether you want it buttered or not. You are essentially ISSUED an English muffin! The steak and eggs are MUCH better at Denny's, where you get your choice of bread and sides and some individualized attention. Considering the price difference, how depressing is that? If only Arizonans could eat in a typical Greek Diner in the northeast or mid-Atlantic US where I come from and see what it's like to eat in a restaurant that puts a little soul and enthusiasm into making and serving simple meals like steak and eggs, they would know what an anemic utilitarian ripoff they're getting in places like U.S. Egg.
2	So I've been here a couple of times and my first experience was ok, but not great. I ordered a California Benedict and my avocados were all brown and bruised looking.  They tasted ok, nothing spectacular. The reason I'm really giving two stars however is because recently I went here with a friend and her children. She'd never been and I'm so embarrassed I ever recommended this place. We found a sticker from the avocados in our California Benedict, which the manager kindly subtracted from our bill. My friend also found a bug in her food which she did not mention until we left because of the children with us, and knowing their reaction. This place is having sanitation issues and I won't be back. Grossed out!
4	Food comes in large portions. I like the fact that they leave a coffee pitcher and at water pitcher on the table for quick refills. Service is good. Food is good Breakfast food.
5	This is a great place to eat.. It does get busy but if you go for brunch the breakfast rush is over.. The food is great!
5	I arrived to U.S. Egg to meet a group of friends, however I was pretty late. By the time I had arrived, most everyone in the group had already started in on their food. Luckily for me, the wait staff was fantastic - even though they were pretty busy, they rushed my food (the delicious Santa Fe skillet) to the table. Within 10 minutes or so, I was diving into my skillet while enjoying the company of my friends in a fun, energetic environment. Great service, great food, and great atmosphere for any breakfast or brunch!
4	Excellent breakfast. Will definitely come back. Had the traditional breakfast with the grilled.ham. I am so satisfied
2	I went in on a Saturday morning and first off mine, my bf's & my nephew's water cup was SO dirty you could still see the finger prints on it and it was greasy. I politely asked for other cups &got the same exact ones back she just wiped them with her shirt behind us and they were still gross and dirty!The food is great but I would highly recommend the chandler location instead because it is always clean and has better service.
3	There food is pretty ok. I do prefer the breakfast food over the lunch food. Today I have an Idaho Skillet and it was really good and filling. My boyfriend always orders the New England Fish and he is a huge fan of it. For the price of the food they do give you a large portion. The only thing I didn't like was the French dip. The meat was way to thin and dry and their fries could be better. Service really depends on the waitress. We had a happily bubbly one before and the last two times we had some miserable girls.
5	Newcomer to Tempe ! Very impressed and there's NO COMPARISON to Ye Olde Waffle House". Who serves whole wheat pancakes ? SO GOOD ! The hash browns were so GOOD (they resemble little french fries) I like them extra crispy !  My whole party ... COMPLETELY SATISFIED ! Can't wait to return to the A Z to try something else. Sorry foodies but we were so hungry we forgot to snap a pic. But we are SISTAHS of thickness and trust me ...... if we all agreed that the food was good  IT WAS GOOD !!!! And not to throw shade on the other servers due to us only having one JESSIE was the bomb ! Always smiled and it was OUR pleasure to have her serve us! She made us really feel like OUR business was appreciated ! U S EGG is the spot for a SLAMMIN BREAKFAST !!!! Don't leave Tempe without giving them a try !
4	There bacon and eggs was the bomb I and the waffles were even better make sure to try a protein waffle
5	Delicious and everyone there is so friendly!
5	We were so happy to find this delightful restaurant in the Phoenix area.  The menu is extensive and had everything we wanted for everyone in our party.  They even include gluten free options - quite a bonus.  Our waitresses could not have been nicer.  The huge pot of coffee and pitcher of water were greatly appreciated.  A wonderful place.
2	Place came highly recommended, so I gave it a try.  When I walked in, one thing caught my attention, and it wasn't about the food, and I kept seeing it during my stay.  It was the owner, or manager, or whoever the guy was, who seemed to enjoy making a public spectacle of running/supervising the serving staff.  I certainly would't want to work for whoever that guy is...and I just came in for breakfast, I really didn't want to see this over achiever do his supervisory thing in such a public fashion.Getting to the food, the coffee was so-so, and overpriced.  Perhaps cause they give you a pot full of coffee to pour if you're interested; i just wanted one cup but guess this way they can charge for more...Had the chicken fried steak, and of course it's a matter of personal taste, I just didn't find it tasty, particularly the gravy.For the few weeks I'm here, am going for breakfast elsewhere.  Atmosphere too commercial, the guy supervising was distracting, the coffee was overpriced for what i wanted, and the food i ordered, didn't hit my spot.
5	Been  going to USEgg for years portions are large service is great. Kids love it always ask to get breakfast on sunday. Never had a bad dish. Thanks Usegg keep it up.
4	Good service.  Seated right away on a busy Sunday AM.  Food is good quality, interesting menu.  Overall very satisfied.
5	It's worth trying.  Unpretentious, Great RXP080142Easy going atmosphere, but more importantly Good Food at a Good Vale.  I recommend the Half and Half.
5	The absolute best breakfast for the money.  The staff is down to earth, cheerful, and overly willing to make their customers happy.  Had a Triple Play with bacon-they have the best bacon ever! As I always ask them to cook it well done and dry and it's been perfect every time.  There was a male manager when we came and he personally welcomed us at the door and checked in on us during our meal.  A terrific breakfast!
3	I enjoy coming here, but when people have to put in their name to wait for a table you should be seated in order of arrival. I was with my daughter and two groups who came in after us were seated first. 3 people group and 1 person group. Then they ended up seating my daughter and I at a table were 4 people could sit. It is the principle of my time is just as important and there are plenty of other places to eat and not have to wait to be seated.
4	I meet my friend for weekday brunches here. As soon as I walk in we are seated right away by the host. Now carrying a baby carrier on my hand the host right away suggested a larger table and as soon as we were seated they brought out a sling to place the baby carrier in. I loved the fact that they had the initiative to do it I didn't have to ask them. As far as service goes the staff is mostly young college age women who are very polite and prompt. I asked for my eggs cooked a certain way and they never mess up. My friend was on Whole 30 eating plan and they accommodated and adjusted her order. The taste is good I've had a few different breakfast variations and everything was tasty never bland. I will have to try linch next time. Their pancakes are very unique as they have oatmeal or home made granola in them. They also have whole wheat pancakes and other options. You will pay more than the typical franchise breakfast/diner but this place is worth it.Good service and clean, as wellAs good food.
3	Good price ,but don't order over medium eggs or spinach. The eggs where raw and the water in the spinach wasn't dried out.
4	Their gluten free waffle was great! Service was awesome and they were very speedy! For a celiac girl this was a fantastic breakfast joint!
2	Went on a weekday morning last week with my wife, two sisters-in-law, and my cousin.  Cousin (who is a professional cook) and I both ordered the corned beef hash, which he immediately identified as having come straight out of a can.  My poached eggs were overcooked.My sister-in-law's eggs were very undercooked.All the mugs and flatware were unclean; there was a kind of whiteish "film" on them as if the dishwasher was on the fritz. The coffee was weak.And finally, there an apparent bullet-hole in the window next to my seat.
4	Delicious food. High quality.  Power pancakes are amazing. Nice portions. They left a pitcher of tea for me. Packed even on a Monday.  Highly recommended.
