5	I feel Jade Bar deserves it's own separate entry because it is a much different experience than Elements and people go to Sanctuary for the specific purpose of going to Jade Bar.  It's its own destination.I picked up my husband from the airport after a week of business travel and brought him here so we could catch up and I could get him drunk (something that is much needed after a week of business travel).  Jade Bar provided the perfect setting.It is a beautifully appointed lounge with amazing views of the valley and impeccable service.  The bartender, Greg, was fantastic - he was very friendly and kept surprising my husband with all sorts of different drinks.  My advice if you go there is to just ask Greg to make whatever he feels like making and you won't be disappointed.  He made my husband a grapefruit and basil martini and a cantaloupe martini and both were great.  I had a mojito which was fantastic.  There is also a pretty extensive cigar list and a lovely patio with a fire pit to enjoy your choice.The crowd is interesting, a mix of older and younger patrons.  But no cougars or sugar daddies here, it was all couples and groups.  My husband and I remarked that this is the kind of crowd that appeared to be "empty nester" parents going out to enjoy an evening.  It's not overly loud so conversation was easy.  But get there early to get seats because it's small and fills up quickly (we arrived at 6:00 and by 7:00 the place was filled).You can order off the Elements menu which was amazing.  We ordered 2 apps, which was the perfect amount and filled us up.  The goat cheese fondue with spinach was out of this world.  The clams and chorizo in cream sauce was equally as delicious.The valet is complimentary, which is always appreciated.  In the end, we left with full tummies and happy glows.
4	A very serene and peaceful place to have drinks.  The grounds are beautiful and you get a very relaxing vibe from this place.  The cantaloupe martini is one of the best cocktails I have ever tasted.  There are some seats in the bar area and tables/chairs on the deck.  You can also walk down a short stairway to a larger deck down below where there a couple couches and arm chairs.  It's very romantic and a great for couples and small groups.
3	We hiked Camelback in the morning, returned to our hotel to clean up, and headed back to check out Elements. Unfortunately we arrived as they were between lunch and dinner, so we had to settle for Jade Bar.  The views from the restaurant were amazing, and the cozy fireplace was nice on the unusually chilly day. In the bar, the views are not as open, but you can still appreciate the beauty. We ordered a couple of non-alcoholic drinks, as we hadn't eaten much yet. They were refreshing and simple, nothing too exciting. I was starving so I ordered the Caesar salad. It came relatively quickly, and was a decent size, but didn't look like anything special, until I started digging in. That's where I found a "bonus" penne pasta at the bottom of the bowl, and later, the core of the romaine lettuce, and a stray little piece of tomato. You'd think that a place that is known for serving celebs and which has received such a high ratings from everyone would really have the details down, but I have to admit, we were disappointed. We peeked at Elements' menu on our way out, and nothing on there stood out as impressive or inventive, so we opted not to come back for dinner.On a separate note, I realize this is a luxury spa/resort, but is valet parking really necessary when there are less than 5 cars in the lot, and the valet had to merely run less than 50 yards to retrieve my car? I felt obligated to tip him, but I was perfectly capable of walking to my car from there.  The overall experience here was an extravagance we didn't need to indulge in.
5	This bar is awesome.  It is small, but it has the best view.  My husband and I got a table by the window and enjoyed some nice chardonnay and escargot served in puff pastry with mushrooms.  It gets crowded so if you want a seat- go early.
5	Classy as it gets... if you want to impress this is THE bar/lounge to visit. Elements restaurant is up here too. Hard to find 1st time (about a mile east of Scottsdale rd. on McDonald).You have to try the "Grapefruit and Basil Martini" (I don't even like grapefruit, but this is perfect).
5	Incredibly swanky.  This secluded bar is the ultimate spot to take in the beauty of Paradise Valley.  You can grab a seat at the bar or wander outside to the patio area.  You must try the cantaloupe martini.  It's incredibly refreshing and would be best enjoyed on a warm summer night.
4	Update:I'm steeling a star from my review because of slow service on my second visit, and the "reprinting" of the menu so there were only a few drinks to choose from.  The food, vibe, and drinks remain amazing.  The "signature" drinks are maybe the best around.****With stacked five star reviews you pretty much have to go, and I'm glad I did.  I had an hour to kill before meeting some friends for dinner up north and figured why not fly Jade Bar solo, it would be the yelp thing to do, and I had hiked Camelback earlier in the day and we staying near by.Super swank in the such the southwest style, great decor and great sights to see.The best was cocktail list, and the feeling that so long as you're there, indulge.  So I got the $29 Petron Platinum martini, because, well I've been meaning to give the platinum a try, and why not have a glass of it, chill, served up.All the other views hit it, go at sunset, it's expensive, but do it anyway.
5	An oasis in the desert. That is exactly what I thought of Jade Bar when I walked in and took a seat at the bar.  If I couldn't see the mountains in the distance or the cacti that are on the property, I wouldn't even realize I was in the middle of the desert.  The only unfortunate thing was that there were no seats available outside when we arrived a little after 6 pm on Friday night.  However, we were able to grab two seats at the bar which was fine with us.All three bartenders working that evening were extremely friendly and we experienced very prompt service.  The specialty cocktails are $15 which normally would see expensive, but it's a swanky resort bar, so it makes sense that drink prices would be higher than your normal run of the mill bar in other parts of the Valley.  I had the "Hemingway special" which was rum, marischino liqueur, grapefruit juice and lime juice. It was delicious and perfectly made. The beer selection is nice and ranges from average domestic to my favorite imports. After my Hemingway special, I had a Stella Artois which was around $6.50 I believe. My husband had two Sam Smith drafts which he really enjoyed. Total for three beers and the Hemingway Special, our bill came to $37 without tip.Of course, since this is a resort bar, there is awesome people watching to be done as well. We definitely enjoyed watching the guy at the end of the bar hit on two girls that sat down next to him. Jade Bar is a great spot if you are going to Elements for dinner, and is even a great spot on its own. I definitely see this as a place I will return to with my husband when we just want a low key night out or a group of girlfriends when we just want a relaxing environment to sit and chat.
5	My husband and I came here last summer when we were thinking of moving to Phoenix. We arrived just as the sun was setting and were literally blown away by the natural beauty of the location. We had the two martinis that apparently are the favorites - the Cantaloupe Martini and the Grapefruit and Basil Martini - and they were just as amazing as everyone says. We didn't try any appetizers, but we did have a fabulous peanut butter and chocolate dessert. The service was attentive, and we would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to take in desert scenery at its best.
4	You've got to have the cantaloupe martini! Or any of their martinis as a matter of fact. They're creative...the Cosmo is so played out! From the bar, you'll get panoramic view of Paradise Valley. Fantasic at sunset! Its cozy and fun. I love to bring out of town guests and clients here.
4	Beautiful!Whenever I come here I feel like I am in Sedona, but with a little more glitz. The whole Sanctuary property is gorgeous and the Jade bar is no exception. It's a bit small, but cozy. The outdoor patio is great in the fall.I'm not much of a martini person but the ones I tried here were pretty good. They do make a mean dirty martini. The Jade Bar is must do in Phoenix. Get a little dressed up and enjoy the view.
4	One of the best bars in AZ, Jade is a jewel in the rough, as there aren't very many bars that offer the experience as Jade. Service can be a bit slow, but its a small bar. A great place for a date, or a few friends. The bar and attached patio is small, so on busy nights you may have to stand. I recommend going to Jade on an off night (any night other then Friday or Saturday). Also, keep the chatter down, lets not make this place too busy, keep it a secret!
3	*shrug*DunnoIt was niceVery strange martinisI had the snap pea martini with egg on topIt was deliciousI just thought it was kinda ... blah. DunnoIt's very, very small.  I just feel like it was an afterthought.
4	I won't write too much about this beautiful bar. This little bar is just gorgeous. I would suggest grabbing a glass of champagne, sitting out on their patio and just taking in all the beautiful scenery. The last time I was there, my date and I were lucky enough to have the patio to ourselves! Que Romantico! Dress to impress and enjoy!
4	I used to be a huge fan of the cantaloupe martini, but I was there last week and it just wasn't the same. Either the new bartender didn't do it justice or they changed the recipe. Either way, I'm a bit hesitant to try it again now. Jade, please tell me you  haven't lowered your standards of excellence!
4	Have been several times. GR8 romantic spot BEST sunset view1 or 2 drinks works (cantalope tini)PATIO!very smallvery $$$$$
3	This was a great spot for happy hour a truely beautiful view and good service but not so much on the food or price...
5	After almost a year since my first trip to Jade Bar, I returned before dining at Elements. This time my husband and I brought my in-laws on their last night in Phoenix.  Jade Bar did not disappoint. Our server was incredibly friendly and even went searching for a fourth chair so that no one in our group had to stand. We all stuck to pretty basic drinks, but man, were the mixed drinks STRONG. I think there was just enough coke in my rum and coke to give the drink color. 4 drinks totaled $41.Jade Bar is a nice pre-dinner spot or just a good place to relax while enjoying the views.
5	Gorgeous setting, friendly people, and the best specialty drinks I've ever had!  No syrups, no added sugar...just liquor deliciousness!Oh, and the appetizers looked pretty good too!
4	Beautifully appointed bar with one of the best views in the Valley, rivaling the Wrigley Mansion. The drinks are large and potent - nothing watered down here. Keep that in mind when you see the drink prices. You're paying for a lot more liquor! Good service and always an interesting crowd, including but certainly not limited to guests of the Sanctuary Resort. An impressive place to bring a date that's off the beaten Scottsdale path. Although I live in Phoenix, I stay at Sanctuary at least once a year for a business event with three dozen others, and we rarely venture off-property for drinks during that week because we enjoy Jade Bar so much.
4	Delicious drinks and a great bar menu.  The staff was very flexible in letting us order dinner off the menu - the calamari smelled delicious but we opted for 1 burger and 1 turkey burger - both great!  The view from the bar at sunset is phenomenal and even though the bar area is small it's big enough for a little privacy and there's outdoor seating w/ a fire pit, especially nice in the evening.
4	Have done the Saturday afternoon mixology class a few times, great fun.The bar staff are all personable and lots of fun.Gorgeous environment and killer views.
5	How it took me almost five years to make my way to Jade Bar, I don't know... but wow! Even on a rainy night, Jade Bar was warm, cozy, welcoming, and more than a perfect place to end my week.  (Well, sort of - I still have to work through the weekend but you know what I mean!)We sat down and Rachel came over with drink menus shortly after.  We enjoyed the company and the ambiance and I tried to decide between ordering a glass of wine and a specialty drink.  While the "Sugar Snap South Side" (house made sugar snap pea infused ketel one vodka kissed with hand pressed mint, fresh lemon juice & rounded out with a dollop of pasteurized egg white) was the cocktail that was most appealing to me, I went with a glass of Argentinian Malbec instead.  (I'm choosing wines from Argentina lately to gear up for an upcoming honeymoon!)By the time we finished round one, our table was ready and we moved on to dine at Elements... but that will have to be another review!  Stay tuned... :)
5	Jade Bar has been a launching pad for several nights out, including a couple of New Year's Eves and at least one anniversary celebration. The view always breathtaking, regardless of the time of day or the weather. On this particular visit, I wondered if the inclement weather would diminish the experience. That concern was quickly dispelled, as even on a somewhat rainy, cloud-covered evening, this panoramic perch atop PV didn't disappoint. The service was top notch, as always. The drinks came out quickly and, while we had dinner reservations in the main restaurant, there was no rush to move us along to our table. One other note I will make about Jade Bar is the hospitality of the patrons. Perhaps it's the resort atmosphere of the bar, or the stunning views that put visitors in a good mood, but we have rarely visited Jade Bar without striking up a conversation with some stranger sitting nearby. Whether seated at the bar or outside on the patio, the vibe is always friendly and open. Jade Bar is a true gem in the Valley. Whether you're stopping by for a drink and a view, kicking off your dinner at Elements, or having a nightcap, Jade Bar fits the bill.
5	Fantastic Martinis,Yes, Its pricey... you are on the top of Camelback Mountain at a critically acclaimed resort overlooking the valley having drinks, DUH!  Michael C (yelpmaster) recommended this place as an awesome place to bring a date and he was not lying!  Basil Grapefruit Martini OMG! Mouth is in heaven!
4	I've been back to Jade Bar two or three times since I wrote this review, and while I still adore the view and specialty cocktails, the service has definitely gone down a notch (or a Yelp star). When there with a group of seven, we waited 20-30 minutes between drink order and drink delivery and even longer to give (and get) our small appetizer order, which was missing an item when it finally arrived. More recently, when I was there with just one other person (and it was not crowded at all), we kept having to flag down our server to get things and again, waited a long time to get our drinks. On a positive note, the place is still absolutely gorgeous and their new food menu (rolled out in the past 2 weeks) is awesome. The escargot/mushroom dumplings I tried were divine, and I loved the light peanut sauce on them. Plus, according to our server, they will be rolling out a happy hour food shortly. That will definitely be worth coming back for. Just leave some extra time!
5	After talking to a number of bartenders in the area -- and doing some fairly extensive personal research -- I feel pretty comfortable saying that if you want the best cocktails in the Phoenix area, you should head to the Jade Bar at the Sanctuary Resort.  This is off the beaten path a bit, and after a few miles down streets with no street lights, it felt a bit like driving to a ski lodge up in the mountains.  It's worth the drive though.  I had two excellent cocktails ("The Last Word" and a "Pendemums Club"), and one enjoyable and informative conversation with Jillian the bartender.  Wish I could have made some of their mixology classes.
2	This was the first time Yelp failed me in my search for an impressive place to go to.  I guess I was blinded by the 4/5 stars and should've looked more closely at the reviewers.Stopped here on a Friday night for a late night cocktail.  Jade Bar was a bit too small, not very intimate since everyone kept elbow rubbing and bumping into you but the drinks came fast.I can live with the pricey drinks and the dressiness but OH MY GOD was there anyone there under 30?  Let alone 35?  Maybe I should've searched for "twenty-somethings bar phoenix, az"
5	My fiance and I were looking for a great chill Martini Bar and google grabbed the attention of this place; Jade Bar. Went to check it out. We went late Saturday night so the drive was pretty interesting since it is tucked away. At first the bar was pretty busy so we decided to go outside on the patio. The service was slow at first but once the gentlemen realized we were out there he took EXCELLENT care of us. The Martinis were OUT OF THIS WORLD. I was recommended a thirst quenching martini with an egg white. It was GREAT. I also enjoyed the lavishing changing different colored lights from the pool glowing on the top of the patio. I recomend this place to anyone to check out. We will be back soon......very soon.
4	Casually upscale and intimate setting, beautiful views, and terrific bartenders pouring excellent drinks...what more can you ask for?! Yes, the prices are high ($13 for most cocktails), but this is one of the Valley's finest resorts and you're getting the most stunning backdrop for your drinking. The grapefruit basil martini is amazingly refreshing on a summer night, but all their cocktails looked interesting. And their wine list is very extensive. My only complaints are that the music was kind of all over the place and the interior design is nothing extraordinary, especially considering the multi-million-dollar makeover they just went through.
5	It's taken me weeks to post this review as I've had a difficult time finding the words to express how impressed I am with the staff at the Jade Bar. Sure the view is awesome and the drinks are perfectly blended and chilled. Yet, they are each put to shame by a staff who presents each with class and style. We attended Mixology - which can only be described as Alton Brown's dream of a class on mixing drinks. You learn not only the unique history behind each drink but receive a bountiful cupful of the joy you've just learned about.  I highly recommend hitting this class with a group of friends. We had a blast and plan to attend again
4	Cool little lounge with a great view of the sunset from Camelback.  The drink menu seemed unique, although I stuck to vodka-tonic.  Service was a little slow outside when the bar was packed, but it seemed to level out as the night went on.  This is a great place to start or end a night out.
5	Thank GOODNESS they finally started a HH!  It was getting insane to pay $18/martini - esp. in a group - and we were always paying!This is the BEST little bar to start - or end - an perfect eve.  Want a fantastic & romantic sunset? Presto!  This is it.  Talk about "impress your passenger" with the amzaing drive up - they will wonder what you are "UP" to.  Valet is there in an instant to meet your needs.  I like walking down the steps, but instead of walking straight in, I detour to the right, which offers the pristine views.  You also can provide the option of "shall we sit out here, or in?"The place is really small & intimate - in and out - so be prepared for that, as it can be quite popular.I will absolutly be back - again.
5	Great place to mingle with more sophisticated people than who you'd usually find in the area. Jade bar does a great job with interesting cocktails and I've tried some things here that are definitely outside the box and really liked. They make a drink called the Fiery Mandarin that is vodka, lemon juice, cranberry juice, jalapeno, and orange zest. I've been making it at home it's so good. Their bartender wins just about every award in the book for cocktails.Great view on the patio, awesome happy hour, and an awesome vibe. I could go for some Shishito Peppers and a Fiery Mandarin right now. MMMM
4	Great space with a beautiful view of Camelback and Paradise Valley.  Was here for lunch but would love to come back some day for some drinks at sunset. Their drink menu is also superb with alot of interesting cocktails (both old school drinks like the Sazerac and newer mixes).
4	This is one of my favorite bars. The views are amazing. One of the best restaurants in town are literally two steps away. Elements. Sunset dining or drinking is beautiful here. The cocktails are interesting and the bartenders are fun.  There is a spacious patio and outdoor seating as well. I think it's time for a visit againPeople watching here after dark is HILARIOUS! I would highly recommend going to Jade Bar after a food coma dinner. If only to laugh and observe a little. Great champagne selection as well..super important! Cheers!
5	A bar with one of the best views around that serves up amazing cocktails as well?! If I lived in PHX, I'd be taking all my dates here. Gorgeous, cozy, romantic... LOVE IT!The bartenders are all very friendly, and they are fantastic mixologists. I absolutely loved my Bourbon Sidecar. And you can get a little piece of SF here - yes, they have Fernet!Located at Sanctuary Resort, you can enjoy drinks inside the swanky lounge or even better - take your cocktails outside onto the secluded patio, get comfy by the fire pit or under a heat lamp and star gaze.SWOON.
3	Five stars for the view, Four stars for the drinks, three stars for the food, and two stars for the service.  The view at Jade was spectacular and cannot be rivaled.  Nestled in Camelback Mountain, overlooking Mummy Mountain, this view has got to be one of the best in the Valley.  The drink are tasty, strong, and well-priced consider the quality of the drink and ambiance.  However, the food at Jade bar was not very impressive.  Jade bar has a very nice happy from 4-6 where drinks and appetizers are half-price.  While the drinks were all very delicious and strong, the food was not spectacular.  Between my husband and myself, we ordered a chicken quesadilla, pork buns, charred edamame and chips and onion dip.  The chicken quesadilla was pretty much what you would expect from On the Border, it was alright.  The charred edamame tasted only of lemon, and the onion dip tasted of cream, but no onions.  The pork buns were a bit greasy.  It's not that the food was bad, but it wasn't what I would expect from a five-star resort.The service was pretty much atrocious.  When we first arrived, the bar was pretty empty, and my husband and I decided to sit in the patio.  We waited about fifteen minutes, but no servers ever came by, so we finally just went inside to the bar to order our drinks and food.  While we were at the bar, which was not crowded, a friend came to meet us and had a hard time placing an order.  Later, we moved to an indoor table and still had trouble getting a server to take our order.  Our waitress was pretty shoddy, and we alternated between ordering from her and ordering from the bar.For a nice time at Jade make sure to sit at the Bar and avoid the food.
4	Just wanted to add my own experience to the glowing reviews.We came here for the "happy hour", aka The Pour at Jade, from 4PM-6PM. A very nice selection of drinks for $6, and a selection of appetizers also for $6 each.  We shared the chicken quesadilla and the homemade potato chips. BIG plates of each, couldn't even finish the quesadilla, brought home 2 of the slices for the next day, and it was yummy - even came with a nice sized side of guacamole. As said in other reviews, lovely atmosphere, not a loud boisterous crowd - could actually TALK there. Beautiful view of the mountains north of us on the patio, and lovely grounds to walk on. Staff we met on our stroll were very friendly and courteous, not snobby as we thought they might be. It IS a small bar/patio - might be best to go on a weeknight. Free valet parking -  well, you really SHOULD give a nice tip to the valet! The afternoon we went, the crowd was, from what we could tell in the Jade, Spring Training guests and also locals, judging by the cars we saw in the lot. Would definitely be a nice 1st or 2nd date place.
2	5 star view...everything else is average...bar is small, food is ok, drinks are blah
5	Fantastic drinks, friendly crowd, bar staff who bear slight resemblances to people on TV (Yes, bartender who looks like a young brunette Jesse Spencer from House, I *would* like another raspberry mojito.  Yes, guy who is a funny, nice, witty version of Spencer from The Hills, I *would* like to order some food.).  This place was listed as THE place to go to for happy hour, as well as the place to witness the sun setting...I was in the neighborhood, so I dropped on by and plopped myself at the bar to bear witness to this crazy event called the sunset, and amused myself with a basketball and a hockey game in between.  The raspberry mojitos were my drink of choice- the bartender strains the mint and raspberry seeds so they don't get stuck in your teeth- how smart!It's already been said by other Yelpers- this place has a gorgeous perch up on the side of Camelback Mountain overlooking the valley so it's ideal for just relaxing and enjoying the surroundings.  Elements, the restaurant, and Jade Bar are both pretty pricey..but I came at happy hour (4-6pm) where the drinks and bar snacks are $6.  Bar food (i.e. quesadilla, the food that's really hard to mess up so I got it) is only fair, but the drinks are very tasty.  I'm sure the food at Elements is a bit fancier but I did not partake.  Valet parking is free when you're visiting the restaurant- very convenient, considering I drove right on by the self parking area that was further down the mountain (considering it was 95 degrees out, I decided not to climb uphill).  BTW, Molton Brown soap & lotion are in the bathroom...swanky.  There was a live cover band playing, which was very fun, and the small intimate bar with funny bartenders made the afternoon/evening stop very fun.Random couple at the bar that I chatted with and who picked up my entire tab without me knowing...how cool are you guys?!?  You both were so friendly to talk to and urged me to stay to watch the sunset despite the fact that I couldn't possible eat or drink anymore to hold my place at the bar...you're the very people that make traveling alone not so scary.  You inspire me to go befriend lonely travelers in my very own hometown (Ok, that came out wrong and kinda creepy...I'll just start being more friendly from now on.).
4	This is one of the best hidden destination spots in the Valley.  Located in Elements restaurant at Sanctuary Resort it offers nice views of Paradise Valley and Mummy Mountain.  The bartenders here are really good and my Old Fashioned was the perfect nightcap. It's a classy place so I'm not quite sure why they still let me in here!
4	Went here for a late night drink (late meaning 11:00 p.m.) had a great martini... try the Sugar Snap Southside or the Grapefruit Basil... not usually a grapefruit fan, but this was gooood.  As for the decor... very contemporary, grey slate tiles with cool accent lights.  Need to go back to see the entire resort.
4	Dig the swanky bar with the extraordinary views.  Drinks are well made and service is excellent. Beautiful resort!
4	Trendy boutique setting. Drinks were great although a little pricey. Service was great and the views were outstanding.
5	Extraordinary views at this beautiful Sanctuary resort and spa. The bar was elegant yet relaxed. The complimentary wasabi peanuts were delish and my Chardonnay very nice. The background music was a perfect volume, and the low lighting gave the bar great ambiance. Great spot for sunset and a cocktail!!!
4	Jade Bar sits atop the hills of Paradise Valley in The Sanctuary Resort. Chef MacMillen's restaurant sits right next to the Jade Bar, and the idea of possibly seeing him there was enough to entice us to pay a visit. We unfortunately missed him but it ended up being a great date night for me and my wife. As you enter The Sanctuary Resort, you already get the feeling that it is not the run-of-the-mill place. The uphill road once in the resort is dark and intimidating, but the restaurant/bar is then a beacon which you inadvertently draws you. As soon as you drive up to the building service is impeccable. The bar is smaller than I had thought, but it was not overly crowded, particularly for a Friday night. There is a small indoor/outdoor lounge area. There was live vocal jazz being played. We decided to sit the bar and order drinks and dessert. Had tried the PB Bomb for dessert; Moscow Mule, Old Fashion and Manhattan for drinks. The cocktails were well-made and the bartenders were accommodating. The crowd was a mix of locals and people from the resort, slightly on the older side. Things quieted down around 11ish. Afterwards we walked around the resort. The weather was nice and cool with a slight breeze and the views of the lights from the adjacent red rock hills was unlike anything we had seen before. Without hesitation would recommend this place for a date night, or for those looking for something quieter and less raucous than the Scottsdale scene.
4	Jade Bar is a good reason to go to the gorgeous Sanctuary Resort. It's beautiful to walk the ground and see the view. One day I'll go to Elements for a special occasion or when I'm rich enough to go there for no reason at all :)I wanted to take my bf to a nice, unique, romantic place for some drinks and apps for his birthday. I heard the bar was small so tried to get there fairly early and lucked out getting a table. We had a couple drinks and also got the Calamari and the Market Greens. These things are usually pretty ordinary, but this is Chef Beau Mac's world, so just the sauce with the calamari made it a calamari in its own league. Even the salad was damn tasty. It was a good experience, again looking forward to really get a taste of Chef Beau at Elements. At Jade Bar: 2 beers, 1 glass of wine, calamari, market greens =$50 plus tip. Perhaps we shoulda ordered an entree to split :)Some things are worth the cost. We'll be back. Oh, and another reviewer's comment that everyone is over 40 in there...TRUE.
5	So if you are anything like me and are tired of the same ol' drink that is the equivalent to the missionary position (something that works but has become a monotonous bore), and you are in the mood to mix things up and experiment a little with your hard lickers, um, I mean liquors, then read on. The problem that I always run into is that I don't want to slut myself out to every single drink possibility out here in the Valley before I find the one cocktail that wets my tongue. If you are in the same position as myself, then this is the right place for you, with bartenders that will school you in the Karma Sutra of mixology.It's also the perfect locale, nestled at the base of mount Camelback, with a view that will get you in the mood to try new things.Being master mixologists, the bartenders know how to get the juices flowing with just the right amount of bite. They really know how to work their cocktails. Tell them  what you've tried in the past, and what you liked and what you didn't like, and their experience gives them the ability to create that unique, euphoric taste you've been aching for. They'll convince you to try things you've never been open to try before, and these new flavors will knock your panties off.Oddly enough, they'll will be able to concoct a cocktail you will LOVE, even if it contains something that you don't normally drink. One of the bartenders looked at me and fingered me as a gin gal, even though I've never been a big gin fan. He made me a champagne cocktail spiked with gin. Sounds terrible, yes? WRONG. It was delicious, and I went back for more. And more. And more.When you are bored of swallowing the same flavor, and decide that you are ready to have an open relationship with your alcohol, take my advice and experiment a little. Go to the Jade Bar.
3	5 star view5 star drinks-2 for the cocky bartender.  FYI buddy, high school is over, and if you think about it, I'm the one who ultimately pitches in toward your rent/student loans...BRO.
5	I love coming to this bar. Friendly bartenders and a beautiful view.
3	An absolute amazing view for my short commute to the north side of Camelback, I spent the evening overlooking the sparkling lights of Scottsdale and Paradise Valley.  The atmosphere and decor are pleasant and what I would expect when paying for such expensive drinks (though they are worth every penny).I sipped the Moscow Mule and a few Old Fashions while listening to old-rich persons problems as I was the youngest person there...by far.I'd agree with many of the other reviews of this place, the bartenders are too BRO-ish and over confident.  They are annoyingly fast and untalkative.  Maybe that's what all the money from drinks goes towards, robot bartenders and their high maintenance.
4	10/28/11Met friends here for cocktails to kick off celebrations for Michele M.'s birthday!  It was all our first time at Sanctuary Resort & Spa and its Jade Bar- many exclaimed how small the bar was- nothing at all as what they pictured it would be after checking out the resort's website.  I liked the atmosphere here, intimate and, at least at the beginning, very quiet, allowing easy conversations w/out our shouting at one another.  (This changed when day turned to night.)  Whatever indoor audio atmosphere Jade Bar lost as day at night, the aural pool display outside made up!I had a mojito, or some flavored variety of it, I believe.  It was just OK.  I don't think I even finished half of it.  I really, really enjoyed the Charred lime and togarashi edamame!  I like edamame, don't get me wrong, but I was never moved to order them from any venue before, bec. it's EDAMAME.  Salted soybeans.  Some places might add some black pepper to the mix.  No big whoop.  But oh, boy!  My opinion on this has changed with Jade Bar's charred edamame.  First thing I'll do when I return is order a bowl of these babies.  Second thing I'll do is NOT order the hummus!  No, I'm not a fan of the hummus here.  Y'know, it makes me wonder about what dining at Elements might be like. If the kitchen can whip out these magic beans, what other surprises may I uncover?  However, the misstep on the hummus gives me pause...
4	Less posh than I thought it would be, which is actually a good thing. It was inviting, not pretentious.The music inside was just quiet enough that my BFF and could talk, but just loud enough to drown out the awful band playing outside.The drinks were awesome. Mixed very, very well. And the food. Ok. Can we just talk about the homemade potato chips and caramelized onion dip? Cuz EVERYONE needs to try it. We actually finished it and ordered a second round. The shishto peppers were...unexpected. They were good, dont get me wrong, but the chips were better.
5	Who doesn't love this place? I've been here a handful of times and am never disappointed. Fabulous cocktails by master mixologists, amazing patio views overlooking the city and great live music. It's the perfect place for cozying up to your honey or for drinks with some girlfriends. The grapefruit basil and pear cocktails are my fave, but my roommate gets one that they mix with egg white that is really good too!I've actually been here the last two weekends in a row and can't wait to come back.
4	This bar is very swanky and NYC in style, it really made me miss home. It has a pretty small interior bar area that never got too crowded on a Friday night and what looked like a spacious outdoor patio area.The service wasn't the best and the drink I chose wasnt the best either but I'm willing to overlook these problems given how much I enjoyed just being there. I have one gripe. What is with the stupid TV playing ESPN? It pretty much guarantees any man with even just a fleeting interest in sports is going to stare straight at the stupid tv and not at me. It took a long time to get my hair and makeup to look this way and I would rather he look at me and not at the game taped earlier in the damn day. Bars, especially high end martini bars like this need to be bold and leave the TVs out of the equation. End rant.I would definitely come back.
3	Boring. That's how I would describe my recent visit to Jade Bar. Three stars for the view but seriously? A generous two stars for the experience!I thought these guys were mixologists! Especially after seeing all the dropper topped bottles on the bar. And, at $14/drink I expected them to dazzle me and take pleasure in doing so. NOT the case. A whiskey girl, I was surprised not to see a single bourbon drink on the menu. But, I figured this what they were featuring. So, I started with the tequila bramble. It was ok. Since I really am a whiskey girl, I let our server know I wanted a bourbon drink. She asked the bartender for ideas and he came back with an old fashioned. When challenged, he came up with a manhattan. That's it?! So *I* suggested a bourbon bramble, since I had just had the tequila one. Boring. Lame. NOT worth the $14 when there are so many great bartenders mixing it up in town these days. Surprised though. Come on, Jade Bar! Step up your game!!
4	Great place to have a drink with a great view. Very close to Old Town Scottsdale, but also easy access to Phoenix, Paradise Valley or North Scottsdale. The restaurant is excellent there as well.
2	We are PV locals and when we can get a sitter for our 3 year old and sneak out we usually go to the HH at BLT; great service, food is amazing and price is good for a hotel restaurant.Tonight we opted for Jade at the Sanctuary. We stayed here for our wedding so it is always a special place.  I have also been here for my firms outings and many client cocktails over the years.  Tonight though, not a good experience and service was the issue. HH pricing is good (wine poor a little soft but better quality then most) and the edamame was amazing.  Issue was we waited 10 mins to order and 10 more for 2 drinks to arrive, and the place was quiet.  If we were on holiday then it would have been a non issue but we were hesitant to have another round due to the chaos and time constraints so we left cash on the table and called it a day.  Waitress was nice and a former New Englander as well, but I hope the operation tightens up a bit...would love to come back some time soon for another shot.
2	We attended the mixology class here yesterday and this review is for the class.  Apparently it was supposed to be in the Jade bar and we were supposed to have the hands-on experience of making our own drinks.  Their website even states that class size is limited to 10.  Unfortunately, this is not what happened.  There were at least 20 people there and they moved us into a room adjacent to the restaurant.  We watched our host make drinks and waitresses brought us those same drinks that were pre-made in the kitchen.  For me, part of the enjoyment of these kinds of events is learning something new.  I am much more likely to make things myself at home if I've done it in a class.  All we got to do was watch the guy make drinks and it honestly wasn't much different than the nights I've spent at The Merc Bar watching the bartenders make magic (and I have to say, their bartenders are TALENTED... this guy.. not so much). Our bartender seemed like a very nice guy but honestly, he wasn't a very good speaker and he didn't even really seem that knowledgeable about booze.  The value of the class is pretty good - for $30, you get 4 drinks.  It would have been a superb deal had we been able to actually make the drinks.  And the drinks were delightful.  Our tables had brochures with drink recipes that were in the same style of things being made in class but were not what we were served.  I found this confusing.  In other classes we've done, we received handouts with the recipes that were covered.  The resort itself is beautiful and I thoroughly enjoyed the time we spent there.  I just don't feel like we got what we paid for.  :(
4	3rd update here. This place is still fantastic and still one of the poshest happy hours in the Phoenix area. They have reduced their HH menu a little bit and some of the better cocktails aren't included but you can't beat $5-$6 for inventive drinks and the food items are always very generous for the money. One thing that I wanted to tell my fellow Yelpers: they are going to be closing for the summer for renovations. They will be expanding the Jade space, including the outdoor patio. It will be hard to live without Jade Bar for the summer but I have a feeling the redo will be well worth the wait - and will perhaps warrant a fourth update.
5	Great service. Their cantaloupe martini was to die for! The food looked and smelled excellent. The view is beautiful. We started inside then moved our way onto the patio over looking camelback mountain. The live music added a nice touch to a romantic evening. A very upscale, yet urban place to grab a drink.
5	Went here on a Thursday evening JUST in the nick of time to snag a Mojito at special HH pricing! So glad I went w/this choice - quite possibly it was THE best Mojito yet. Not too sugary-sweet and very generous w/their leafy mint leaves that I could stab/muddle w/my straw. They have that recipe down to a science, I decided.Okay so I ordered another couple, despite being after 6pm HH deadline. I don't regret it. It was worth it. ;)Ordered the spicy Calamari - soooo delish! Tried a few of the edamame - again, quite possibly the best I've ever tried! Service was on top of their game as well. Gorgeous/zen-like resort. Even fell in love with their complementary lotion in the bathroom. Valet personnel were all gems. May need to book a Staycation there STAT! Great job, Sanctuary.
4	I love forgetting about and visiting Jade Bar every chance I get! It's truly an unforgettable place, but I feel like it's such a special place, it should stay in my back pocket until I have a special reason to visit. This time, they were actually under construction and we were able to see the great mountain views from a new window. I also love how I couldn't t tell they were under construction until I asked why Jade Bar was moved. I'm really looking forward to seeing the expanded space once it's completed! There was live music on Saturday night and the drinks were as wonderful as I remembered them to be. I would go so far as to say their drinks are the best in the valley. The only reason I couldn't give 5 stars was due to the Lobster Pork Dumplings. The appetizer came out surprisingly fast, so that was a positive; however, the kitchen left much of the flavor on the plate to the sauce instead of combining them into the meats in the pockets of dough. I also had a couple of chewy pieces of lobster as well, and that's definitely not what I expect when paying $15 for 4 dumplings. As always, the service was exceptional, and I can't wait to see the expansion.
1	Oh.  The Jade Bar.Years ago, I was a regular here.  I spent many hours sitting at the bar, or out on the patio.  I grew up in Paradise Valley.  Most of my friends still live there or near to there.  I found the Jade Bar in 2002 or 2003 and it quickly became my meeting place for friends, out of town guests and business associates.  Back then, we would go there with out a moments notice.  The bar was always fully stocked with great Vodkas, Great wines and one hell of a beer selection.  The bartenders knew how to take care of you.  They were quick to make you a drink, and had a meaningful conversation while they did it.Then it all changed.  One day, we came in as a group of 8.  It was humiliating to say the least.  My friends and business associates waited 10  20 minutes for a drink.  One of my friends ordered one of their most popular drinks and it came out the wrong color.  It wasn't even the right drink! - Since that experience, we rarely go back. A good friend of mine lives at the base of the mountain, he frequents the Jade Bar regularly.  But even he will admit, "it is only because its the best choice for a nearby drink."  I have gone there with him on a few occasions and I am disgusted by the attitude you receive by the staff.  I am disgraced by the lack of concern for their customers.  It literally took them at least 10 minutes to get me a beer. Honestly, I do not know what happened!  And it makes me mad.  Because I loved that bar.So fast forward to end of 2012.I struggled with the idea of even going back there. But my girl friend insisted that we go.  I have to admit, that I had a preconceived notion of how it would go.  Well, I was right.  We showed up and found a table sat down and waited.  We waited long enough for me to ask my GF twice to leave.  The waitress showed up and was quick to ask us what we wanted but then was just as quick to walk away when we didn't know.  I eventually got drinks from the bar.  Wow!!  What a mess.  One bartender wouldn't even look at me, he was knee deep in bottles and other crap.  I got a drink for my GF and I had a beer.  This cost me about $23.  They push this idea that they are so great with their MIXOLOGY but honestly, they look like fools.  I work from time to time in San Fransisco and I have seen real MIXOLOGY bars.  This is not one of them.Big deal $23.  Not really, considering the lack of attention, lack of concern, and lack of customer service.  Back in 2003, I would of had $100 dollar tabs and not cared.  I would spend the money and Tip big!!!  I have never written a Yelp Review.  As a matter of fact, most places I just don't care enough.  But this place went from best bar to the worst bar.My friend just told me they are renovating the bar to make it bigger!  This humors me because the last few times I have been there it was pretty apparent their clientele is slowing down.  It used to be packed now it is pretty vacant because they can not make drinks fast enough.  So, I guess my final thought is this, you can have the best location in the world and the best looking bar but a structure is just a structure, without good people, you are nothing but an illusion.
5	Their signature cocktails are amazing. They hand press their juices on site daily. They use unique ingredients that you don't find everywhere. I specifically like the spicy drinks with Serrano peppers in them, there are a few different ones. If you are looking for a good price, try Jade bar at happy hour.4-6 M-F select cocktails are only $6 bucks. Oh and the views are priceless!
5	The views of Sanctuary Resort & Spa are amazing -- I always feel special here. I'm a Wine guy...but a client suggested I try their Mojito. I'm glad he made the recommendation because it was by far the best Mojito I've enjoyed. Chips, Wings, sharing of a Burger and fries were all delish!Good company, good wine, great appetizers to match the atmosphere & ambiance - all combined made for a great experience. I can't wait to return with my Partner and good friends for an enjoyable Happy Hour. Cheers***
5	The service is amazing!  Great selection of drinks and the bartenders are really skilled mixologists. The bartenders are really friendly and personable, especially Ken and Greg, they are my favorites!  The drinks are great and the food is good too, especially the shishito peppers.  They have some great Happy Hour specials. My favorite is Tuesday, $2 oysters. The drink and food menu changes from time to time but they will still make the drinks from older menus. Great views and it's a very relaxing atmosphere.  One of the classier spots in town!  Easy to forget where you are and the bar stools are pretty comfortable too. Outdoor seating is nice when the weather allows a person to want to sit outside. I highly recommend!!!
5	Delightful bar with wonderful food & drinks Great views, original cocktails & varied menu (small & large plates)- wide variety of menu items- fabulous cocktails w local spirits & mixes- fabulous view- great seating - wonderful/attentive service - free valet parking if you aren't staying at the hotel
3	I would not normally be hanging out at this bar, but another event led me to check out the bar with a mountain view. Once Happy Hour ends (4-7pm) be prepared to pay triple the normal drink prices. They only had three beers on special at HH for $3 and none were really impressive: two pilsners and an IPA. I think glasses of wine were about 6 bucks and they had $1 wings (minimum 6) on this day. The bar is inside and outside and I spent most of the two hours outside. The famous sunset view can be seen from a lower deck, but it appears to be behind the mountain and nothing was seen on this night. Waitress was pretty cool, named Ashley, and the rest of the guests were your typical crowd willing to pay $319 a night to sleep there. No reason to return, unless I'm craving that $16 burger I saw on the dinner menu...ha!
5	LLOVE LOVE LOVE .. live music ,great food, incredible scenic views. .. Always feel like Im on vacation when I'm there. :)
5	Despite the bar being nearly wall-to-wall packed when we walked in for pre-dinner drinks because of a wedding, our drinks were made perfectly. Our group had fresh skinny margaritas, Moscow Mules, Old Fashioned Whiskey Cocktail, Shiso Sexy and The Cantaloupe. We were finally able to score a patio table at Jade Bar after a half hour and the server was friendly, and the views were perfect.
4	Nice bar with beautiful views!  We hadn't been to the Jade Bar in years and heard they redid the space.  The change was very nice - opening and brightening the space up.  The happy hour was really reasonable and a great way to unwind from the day.
5	What else could you be possibly looking for?  A resort, spa, high end restaurant and bar with live music and a view.  Get outta here?!?  Just a top notch experience for out-of-town visitors or locals looking for an entertaining night.
5	This bar has one of the best views in the city.  It is great for watching the night lights over Paradise Valley.  They have a great selection of alcohol here, and the bartenders are very talented and well trained.  There is indoor and outdoor seating available.  It does sometimes get a little crowded, but it is usually steady and not too crazy in my experience.  If you get chilly sitting outside, they have outdoor heaters that they will happily turn on for you if you request.The decor here is very lovely.  You do have to valet park though.Have fun!  Don't drink and drive.
3	My husband and I went here for a Saturday date night. We were very fortunate to get lounge seating right next to the floor to ceiling windows and almost front row to the Nate Williams band that was playing there. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The view was beautiful. In order to get the full experience we ordered the Jade wings, burger and fries, and the salty chips with the onion dip. My husband had draft beer and I had the Jade lemonade. The wings were average and the chips needed salt and were a little on the stale side. The onion dip was cold and it wasn't that great. The burger and fries were delicious. I was pleasantly surprised by the lemonade. The first round had blackberries and the second had strawberries. Overall I had a good time. The band, staff, and views were great. The food was okay, but not worth the money spent.
5	This place is great. I have been here a handful of times & never a disappointment! It's been our "Girls Sunday Tradition" for weeks & we always enjoy ourselves. You definitely can't go wrong with their popcorn app, edamame app or their lobster mac n' cheese, DELISH! The wine selection on the HH menu is not the best, but you can always order from their hard wine list (which we always do) Bottles are reasonably priced (most) Outside seating is great, when inside seating is too loud w/ the live band. Sunday nights, there is always a live Acoustic Rock group. They are a great cover band, with a few good originals. Complimentary valet-plus TIP is always convenient! This place is our weekly spot!
1	The food was ok service was awful. We had to go to bar to get our own drinks. Very Load
4	This bar has a great ambiance to it.  Very classy look and feel and seems sophisticated for Scottsdale/Paradise Valley.  It is easy to feel like you are on vacation when you are here even if you live locally.  Great mix of customers between locals who love the spot and hotel guests so lots of opportunities to talk to interesting people.  The cocktails are great and pretty unique.  The bartenders are such nice guys and great mixologists.  The prices can be a little steep when it isn't happy hour and the happy hour offerings are slim.  Great outdoor seating!The bathrooms are disgusting for a place of this level.  You can smell the urine when you turn the corner out of the bar and the floor is often wet or stalls are out of order.  It is also strange because all other hotels of this level have wash cloths in the rest rooms and here they have an upscale napkin.  I don't really care what variety hand towel I get but the lack of cleanliness is disappointing.  Its pretty tough to spend quality time at a bar without visiting the rest room.
4	08.31.14Live music. Happy hour. Watching the sun go down.What's not to like?http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jade-bar-paradise-valley?select=s2hd0fbtVP5F4N4dmx9fCA#s2hd0fbtVP5F4N4dmx9fCA
5	Friendly staff. Great martini.
