3	Located right outside of the Monte Carlo and next to Double Barrel Roadhouse. Spacious, airy, and bright inside with an outdoor patio area.You'll see an assembly line of employees upon entering. Pick the pizza you want and any add ons are an additional $1.50. We got the margherita with added rosemary ham, mushrooms, and spinach as well as "the carni" with salsiccia, pepperoni, meatballs, and rosemary ham with added artichokes. Also got the burrata with melon and proscuitto that comes with bread. Pay up then you'll get a number they'll call out when your order's ready.Verdict: it was okay. You get hints of wood burnt taste from the way it was made. I appreciated that. Although, the carni surpassed in flavor compared to the margherita. Tip: the more add ons, the more difficult it'll be for your pizza to hold up since it's so thin. The burrata was good. Prosciutto and the melon blended well but I don't think I'd get it again for the price.Also got a glass of Prosecco for $10 and a glass of beer for $9. They serve gelato too. Overall, it was a good lunch although it was more on the pricier side when everything totaled up. Would I come back? Maybe, just because I have had better. I admit, while I was in a piece of carb heaven and even eating my date's crusts, my mind and taste buds were thinking of how I couldn't help but compare it to Settebello Pizzeria...
5	This is the real Neapolitan pizza. It tends to be softer in the middle than the typical delivery pizza. That's how it should be. Stick to 4-5 toppings and ask for extra crispy if the soft center isn't your thing. Soda machines have everything imaginable, and the beer offerings are solid as well.
4	The place interiors is a good interpretation of a real Neapolitan pizzeria. Marble tables, and minimalist furniture...made me feel at home (I'm from Napoli Italy). I had a margherita doc...to be made with us products was really good. A tip: the use the same mozzarella in both the filetto and the margherita doc, but the double the price of the second one saying that is bufala mozzarella. Just take the filetto, is cheaper and very good!!!I would strongly recommend to go there!!!
4	Best pizza on the strip.  Great prices and wine and beer choices.  The ingredients are so fresh and there is a huge variety of topping options.  The carni is a must for meat lovers and loved the zucca!
5	Friendly staff, excellent service & very attentive. Good customer service and excellent food. Pizza crust is thin and perfect amount of toppings. Great place for families.
4	First timer this weekend and I have to say. I really enjoyed it. Even better my husband who is a pizza snob.. LOVED IT. We started with the marguerite and added yummy toppings, kids just added extra cheese and it was great. Service is GREAT. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. A guy even put 2 tables together for me so we could sit outside. I ordered the brocolini and just a heads up it is SPICEY!!! Not for me, but if you like spicey its really good...We will definitely return. We always stay at Monte Carlo and Im so happy they have added this to their choices.
4	PEET-SUH!!Situated along Las Vegas Blvd right at the front of Monte Carlo Casino, this is a great pit stop for quick lunch/dinner while strolling  around the area.I like how you get to customize any pizza as the staff whips it up.  I say start off with Margherita and pile it up with desired toppings.  Being a NYC pizza fan, I prefer picking up and folding my pizzas in half.  Unfortunately, this is not the case for Neopolitan pizza as they're quite thin and soggy; we were even adviced to use silverware instead of picking it up.  Nonetheless, the crust was tasty and ingredients were fresh.Due to its location, a pint of beer costs $9 which I succumbed to since theres really nothing better than washing down amazing pizza with a cold glass of Moretti.Overall, 800 Degrees Pizza has delicious pizzas and superb customer service.  As a local, I probably won't come back as often especially since Settebello is just right around my neighborhood.
5	Best pizza in the world!!!! First thing you need to know... It's neopolitan pizza people! Don't listen to some of these other reviewers who clearly don't know what neopolitan means. The price is extremely fair. Margherita pizza for $7.95 and it was amazing!!! Add ons are $1.50 which is kinda steep. It's a build your own pizza bar pretty much. The interior is extraordinarily clean and the staff is exceptional. My bf and I stayed in Vegas for 4 days and ate here twice. I definitely recommend this joint!!! A little advice??? The pizza comes out a little thin do don't add on more than 3 items otherwise the dough will be overwhelmed.
5	My other love besides breakfast is pizza. So, we had this as a light lunch because the boo and I split the pizza after a day out by the pool. It was very tastey. If you're staying at the monte carlo, having a pizza place just down stairs is a very nice convenience. I did not go down with the S.O. to buy it but he came back within 20-30 minutes with a Margherita pizza and he added ham to it. Some people may not like the softness of the bread because it was thin and could have been toastier but I still found it to be delicous. You could taste how fresh it is with each bite. I could have easily eaten the whole thing by myself.
5	Great pizza with fabulous ingredients in a nice setting! Beautiful inside & also nice on the patio to pplz watch as crowds flow by on Las Vegas blvd... Excellent wine & beer choices too... Parking in the Monte Carlo & walking to the street worked well... Fun to see the new businesses coming together! 800 degrees pizza is a gem& might be better than Westwood ultimately!
3	800 Degree's just opened, so have to give them some time to get into the groove.  The service while friendly is very disorganized.  Ordered salads and pizza, and the pizza was done first.  This is in spite of having 8 staff literally standing around (there were only 6 people in the place).  The Pizza was nothing like the Westwood, CA main location. Sauce concentrated in center, so overly wet and could not lift up the pizza and eat easily, and could not keep toppings on pizza.  The Burrata was also a bit runny compared to the usual quality from the original.Management and expeditors need to work on staff training if they want to preserve the unique and fabulous experience that keeps the CA original with lines out the door.
4	Perfect pizza after stumbling around the strip all day. Everyone on staff is fun and friendly and dancing as they make the pizza! It's in a big open room to, so the air is flowing and you definitely don't feel cramped at all. The pizza is super delish and reasonably priced. If I remember correctly I believe it's about 10 a pizza which can easily be split between two people. I recommend the zucca pizza which had bacon, caramelized onions, butternut squash! All with some fresh rosemary oil.
2	The toppings on the pizza were good but the crust was super soggy which I disliked alot.. the meatballs were blah the sauce was too acidity in my opinion my son didnt even eat it... there a place by where I live (in Long Beach, California) called Pieology(so thats what im comparing it to).. that place is perfection every time thin and crispy.. tho whole pizza. Not just the crust... I dont think I would eat there again
4	Fresh dough containing only flour, salt, water and wild yeast, rolled to order right in front of your eyes, house-made toppings, proprietary fresh mozzarella, and cooked in 60-90 seconds an 800 degree almond-wood burning oven.  Authentic Neapolitan pizza.  Say no more.  Yummmmmm.....
3	Very thin crust pizza. I ordered the margarita base with two toppings. With all the oils they add loaded the pizza down and you couldn't eat the pizza by hand or the toppings and cheese slides off. Very messy, I went through about 30 napkins. If I come here again I will ask for very light sauce, no extra olive oil, and cook it well done. On the plus side it was quick to come out and tasty. I would probably pick another pizza place over this one.
5	Great pizza! Fair prices... For someone who comes from an area with mainly big chains no hole in wall pizza places this might a littler different for you. What would be equivalent to a plan cheese pizza would be a margherita pizza. Family of 5 adults orders 3 pizza and a lg salad and was just the right amount. Most of the people in my party were not used to this type menu but all loved the pizza. Worth coming!
4	I like this restaurant and especially the outdoor seating. It's a prime spot if you want to people watch. Being from Southern California, I had heard of 800 Degrees but never had the opportunity to go when I was in Los Angeles. As soon as I heard they were opening a location at the Monte Carlo I had it on my list of places to try. 800 Degrees offers an assembly line layout, close to that of Chipotle but the product is far superior. As I was in line, I had the pleasure of speaking with the manager and you could tell he really loved his job. I ordered the margharita pizza and the meatballs. The margherita pizza was solid, and I was surprised at the top notch ingredients for the price. The meatballs were decent but I would probably not order them again. I want to also mention how pleasant and genuine the staff was. Whoever did the hiring did a great job. I will definitely be back and wish the utmost success for this business.
5	My son recommended this restaurant as he visited the original location in LA, California.  We were very impressed with the ordering and the finished pizza.  Service was excellent.  Location was easy to get to and can accommodate large groups without any problem.  If you like FRESH ingredients on your pizza, this is definitely the place to go!This pizza is not your ordinary pizza, so keep an open mind and get those taste buds ready for a real treat!
5	This place is awesome!  Fresh and delicious!  I had the broccolini and the Bianca pizza with chicken. Its a must have.
4	Tartufo on the specialty pizza menu is definitely the way to go! The crust is a little bland, but overall the pizza is still pretty good.
5	Best pizza ever. I love how the guys took care of me they did an awesome job. Had the Carni with Calabrian chiles as the base best tasting pie I've ever had
5	Just finished eating a delicious pizza at 800 degrees. It's just as good as the Los Angeles location, but with a Vegas flavor to it. The margarita pizza is scrumptious and if you love tomatoes try the margarita doc pizza . By far my favorite Bianca pizza.  It will not disappoint .
5	If only there was one of these off the strip! The dough was cooked to absolute perfection and i was impressed with the amount of in house ingredients and locally sourced dairy and produce. Even being on the strip you'll be hard pressed to find dining this good at these prices. While specialty pies top out at $15 you can still go for a Margherita at a shade under $8. Also while the beer list is not long or cheap they feature two taps from Goose Island in addition to fairly standard offerings. I found the staff to be pleasant as well. All of that combined with the proximity to other good eateries equals five stars for me.
5	I ordered the Bianca with pepperoni and it was amazing!!!  Prices were reasonable and service was very extremely friendly!  Especially once they realized it was my first visit. I will definitely recommend and will return soon!
4	800 Degrees is part of the newly updated front for Monte Carlo.  Decided to check out 800 Degrees since I've heard many good things about it in LA.  They actually claim to be the best pizza in LA!I went for the Sausage & Peppers, which is their thin crust pizza topped with Italian sausage, peppadews, and caramelized onions.  I also added artichoke as an additional topping and I gotta say, I was quite impressed.  All the toppings' quality is tops and that sausage was straight up addicting.  I sorta wanted to give them a bad review just cause I wish there was more.  Usually I don't like crust but couldn't get enough of the thin crust here!  Mozza and sauce was great as well. Since it is the Strip location, it is much pricier.  Pizzas are a few bucks more and for each topping added, it is $1.50.  Oh well.Tried two salad here: Caesar and the Gorgonzola.  Definitely go for the Gorgonzola if a salad is a must.  The candied walnuts did it for me.  The Caesar was just way too bland.  But really, just get more pizza instead of salad.Burrata options on the menu.  Will definitely try that some other time.They also have some craft beers on draft, and at the time, Goose Island!Overall, I dig the simple decor.  Pizza's tasty, salads can be ignored.  Funny how I had to go to Vegas to try 800 Degrees haha.
5	Really yummy pizza.  My wife said that it was the best pizza she ever had.  Enough said!
5	I did have a few problems, but nothing had to do with flavor of food. Affordable Caesar salad, the best meatballs and a nice pie made my day. The add ons for the pizza were 1.50, a bit much. Music was perfect for me, but the beer price was a little high as well. I do recommend for all on strip to visit. Great sauce. Get the Meatballs for $7.
5	This place is awesome! I was definitely needing pizza on my vacation. 800 Degrees is in a great location and has great prices (compared to all the other locations on the strip)! We were 2 girls that split the Carni Pizza and the Truffle Cheese Bread - this was plenty of food for us - and it was delicious!The Truffle Cheese Bread is served like a calzone that just oozes delicious cheese. The Carni Pizza was awesome - perfect amount of cheese and meat. (Which to me is a little extra of each)I wish I lived in Vegas or LA to frequent this amazing Pizzeria!
5	Worth it! Don't you get tired of spending a boatload of cash while you're on the Strip, on mediocre food served by apathetic employees? This place is terrific. The prices are quite reasonable and the pizza is delicious. You can customize them, but don't load thin crust pizza up with too many ingredients. Best of all, the staff is friendly, efficient, and quick to clean the dining room. Go! You won't be sorry.
4	First timer at this pizzeria and I enjoyed it! Food was quick and delicious and although no one really helped me with how things work as far as ordering goes at the place but  when I did ask a lot of questions the staff members were all attentive. I got myself a Magherita Pizza and added half with anchoives and the other half with roasted garlic and prosciutto and topped it with arugula all over. They were quick with baking the pie and the portion size was very generous. No doubt that I will go back to grub again.
4	Pizza Cat learned three very important lessons this weekend: 1. Never, ever bet against the LA Kings. Evah! 2. How to eat a Neapolitan pizza. 3. Burrrrrata! Meowzers! Where has this been all my life! Pizza Cat finally got over to 800 Degrees after much self-doubt. She had Neapolitan pizza before and (in her best grumpy face) HATED IT. But the Kings were playing in the Finals and it was a beautiful sunny day... what's a cat to do? She needs PIZZA! Pizza Cat thinks she found the secret to enjoying Neapolitan pizza. KISS. No, not a kiss from Giuseppe, although that would be ideal, KISS as in Keep It Simple Stupid. Neapolitan pizza is so different from its American cousin, so when people try to treat it like its American pizza, the dough becomes yucky, undercooked and the topping flop all over the place. The solution is to treat Neapolitans simply, Pizza Cat got a basic marinara sans the fresh oregano and added bufala cheese for an extra $6. It's a very, very basic pizza that will cost around $13. It doesn't taste like American pizza at all. It tastes like naan bread with crushed tomatoes and excellent slabs of cheese. It's ok, Pizza Cat didn't hate it. Now she can tell her food snob, errr... food epicurean friends that she can eat Neapolitan pizza! But the pizza was not the star of the place. Nope. Pizza Cat just about purred over the burr, as in burrata cheese. Burrata is a cheese thats in-between mozzarella and fresh cream. It melts in your mouth  and it's silky smooth at the same time. It comes with prosciutto, melon balls and arugula. It's the perfect combination of cheese, salty, meaty, sweet and bitter. This is Pizza Cat's favorite bite of 2014 (for now)! She liked the meatball too but they reheat them in their 800 degree oven, needless to say, parts of the meatball were cold while others were hot. No bueno but the taste was good. **All in all, this is a cool, trendy new place located in front of the Monte Carlo. Food leans towards healthy and $30 will get one a good hearty Italian meal.**
5	The place is awesome! It's like a cafeteria line but service is fast. Pizza is great and prices are very good. A go again eatery!
4	Delicious gourmet pizza! My husband and I were craving good pizza and 800 Degrees delivered. The staff was friendly, courteous and helpful. Fantastic place to eat. Highly recommend.
5	La migliore Pizza in Las Vegas.The best  Italian pizza in Las VegasWwwwwooooooooowwwwwwwwww
5	Who knew you could get a delicious meal on the strip for such a great price.   Not tucked far back in a casino, but litterally steps from the Strip.   You order and then seat yourself, but you get real dishes and silverware (classy).  The food comes out fast, and tastes good (almost the best pizza that I have had from these gourmet pizza places popping up everywhere).  What's not to like?  Once word gets out, perhaps there will not be enough seating?
1	The single worst pizza I've ever had in my life!  (See photos).  It was impossible to eat, and I can't believe a restaurant would serve what they did.  Seriously, when this place is closed soon, I will not be surprised.The first warning sign:  There were only 4 customers in the entire restaurant when we walked in.  There were 11 people behind the counter working.  It was weird... they were all kind of just standing around, and a few of them were just watching others work.  Restaurants that aren't busy (and are empty) are usually like that for a reason.  We soon learned why.The pizza I ordered was a pepperoni, olive & pineapple.  The woman making it was nice, but I have to admit the pizza didn't even look all that great when it was being made.  She used very few ingredients, it seemed.  For roughly $15 for a personal size pizza, it seemed average at best while it was being made.I got to the cash register to pay, and a new cashier was being trained that day.  It took quite a bit longer than I expected.  As I looked around, I'm thinking now that maybe even the cooks and prep people were being trained as well.  There were what appeared to be a few managers just standing around watching them like a hawk.  It was odd.  Three months into a new restaurant, I would've expected things to be running smoother.The pizza arrived.  The edges were black on the crust and I like them that way.  However, a closer glance revealed that the entire interior of the pizza was either undercooked or uncooked.  Picking up the first slice, it was clear that the thing was a complete mess.  The entire pizza toppings slid off, including cheese and everything.  I was left holding a wet piece of literally uncooked dough with some tomato sauce.  It was a rubbery mess and the entire middle of the pizza was drowned in wetness and was more of a soup than a pizza!  The whole thing was gooey, wet and runny.  The crust was so thin and undone that it was a drooping disaster.  Each slice was like that:  watery, dripping, and unable to even stand up like a normal pizza slice.  It was inedible.  Before I left, I scooped some of the soup-like toppings on a fork, and it didn't even taste good.  The crust had no flavor at all.  I will never be back, and would implore anyone reading this to think twice about ever stepping foot in this place.  There's a reason it ended up on one of the lower-end Vegas properties like Monte Carlo rather than someplace like the Cosmopolitan, Aria or Caesar's Palace.Eat at this place at your own peril.  I'd give it zero stars if I could.
5	This place was awesome!! Their gluten free pizza crust was the best I've had since finding out I'm Celiac. They were very accommodating and took time to explain how the ordering process worked. The salads were made fresh and were top quality and ridiculously good! My husband and I ordered the tartufo (gluten free) pizza and I literally have not been able to stop thinking about it! I even pondered whether we had enough time to run down to grab a pizza to go to the airport! Great, not-too-expensive but insanely delicious place on the strip!
4	Loved the Pizza , Saturday night very quiet, the staff just stand around talking to each other. The management need to fix the staff or they are going to kill a good place
1	First off, it's a warning sign if a restaurant is located on the strip and is EMPTY. Also, the employees are incredibly slow and put the wrong ingredients on pizzas, I had the guy behind the counter asking ME what went on the pizza...um you work there, you should know - not me (I think he hit the bong too much before he came to work that day.)  I ordered the margherita pizza and of course, it had nothing on it that it was supposed to, and was just strange.  When I went to pick up the slice, everything literally slimed off the pizza and left a gunky, mushy pizza dough behind.  I only managed to choke down one piece before I sent it back.  The manager came over and said "well, Italian pizzas are like that.  Soft." I replied that the pizza wasn't soft, it was soggy and tasted terrible.  She offered to re-cook the pizza, which I declined and told her that it wouldn't make it taste better as the ingredients were wrong, she never made a comment about the wrong ingredients which kind of bothered me but I didn't get into it with her.  She seemed miserable to begin with.   After that, she offered me a refund which I took, and that was that. There are SO many places to eat in Vegas, exclude this one off your list.  The employees lacked the excellent customer service I've received in so many other eateries in Vegas and I have no idea how this place gets so many reviews!  When the Sbarro in the food court tastes more gourmet than your pizza, I think it is time to re-invent your restaurant.
5	Yummy taste and fresh ingredients! You can watch them roll out the dough and make it in their wood fire oven. Great prices for what you get!They also have an options of beer and wine. If you want something sweet they have gelato...which I would love to try next time. Good option for those close to the Monte Carlo!
4	Solid solid idea. Make your own pizza! So they do have a list of pizzas if you're super indecisive or not sure what you want, ranging from about $11 - $15. If you make your own pizza you choose your sauce - Marinara, Bianca (white pizza), Pesto, or MargheritaThen you can choose as many proteins, cheese, vegetables as you like! All toppings are $1.50 except for special ones like truffle oil, shrimp those are $3  , and $6 for buffalo cheese. I went back there twice during my stay in Vegas , very yummy and fast and honestly prices aren't terrible considering you're in Vegas. The employees are also really friendly, help you decide, give you suggestions. My bf couldn't decide day 1, so the guy gave him really good tips on choosing a pizza, also.. chile sauce is FREE topping ;)  My pizza was bianca with truffled cheese and prosciutto. The second time I got a pesto pizza with mushrooms, garlic, chicken and feta!
1	The only reason this place is worthy of one star is because they refunded our money. This pizza place is designed like a subway where you go down the line and chose your toppings. My boyfriend was first and the girl making his pizza was obviously new because she was going very slow, which was fine. So he made sure to patiently say exactly how he wanted his pizza and she was nice about accommodating. She just finished putting together his pizza when another employee took his pizza and said that he needed to give that pizza to another customer because theirs got ruined in the oven. My boyfriend specifically said no because she spent a long time making that pizza the way he wanted. They didn't care and still gave it to the other customer. We were very annoyed to say the least. After finally getting our pizza I lifted one piece and everything fell off, it wouldn't even stay up. I took a bite and it literally tasted like dough. It was slimy and not cooked all the way. I was extremely disappointed, but then it got worse. I noticed a large black hair cooked in my pizza! I almost vomited it was disgusting.  At that point I was completely grossed out and asked for my money back which they kindly did. Do not waste your money at this place. Go to 550 in Aria, a billion times better!
2	So my friend and I tried this place having noticed the high reviews and this place is so highly rated also in Los Angeles. I was not impressed...This a make your own pizza place. You can start out with certain pizzas - no sauce, red sauce, red sauce no cheese, or pesto. The basic pies are between $7-8, which is not bad... but when toppings are $1.50 each and special toppings $3 each, it can add up really fast! I ordered a red sauce pizza with 2 toppings and my pizza was already $11 for an individual pie.  You can also order their specialty pies that come with predetermined toppings for average of $14.  ... I tried many other pizza places that are WAY cheaper! For example, places like Pieology and Project Pie are much cheaper with just one price and unlimited toppings. I have not tried Project Pie (there is one inside MGM for $12 a pizza), but I love Pielogy as it's only $8 for a pizza with unlimited toppings. Frankly, I think Pielogy tastes better for much less. I'm guessing the prices are higher because 800 Degrees is a "higher" end pizza place... but the pizza was not all that tasty to me. The dough was good, but it was soggy in the middle of the pizza! I think pizza crust should be crispy! The location in Los Angeles has cheaper prices than this location in Vegas. I don't mind paying $11 for a pizza, but I do want it to taste good. Now that I've tried it, I don't have to wonder anymore as it is not good enough to make me want to come back. Next time I'll try the Project Pie inside MGM. I always see more people there anyways.
4	It's been a little over a week since I moved to Vegas from LA. One of the things I thought I would miss the most was the 800 Degrees in Westwood. So, I was ecstatic when I found out that there was an 800 Degrees franchise on the Strip!The Monte Carlo did a nice job of renovating their facade with some of these new restaurants. The pizza here is relatively the same as the one in LA. The main difference is the slightly higher cost for toppings and soda. Each additional topping was $1.50 instead of $1 and the soda was $1 more as well. Other than that, the margherita pizza was fantastic as usual. The manager even walked around to check on all of his customers. Cheap, good pizza is truly hard to beat.
1	I wasn't impressed , just keep on walking to New York New York, and get a better pizza. It was a waste of time, I wish I can have that back.
5	AMAZING PIZZA!!!!! Love this place!!!!!!I LOVE the 800 Degrees in LA, so I was super excited to find this restaurant on the strip!All the pizza options are awesome....I especially loved the verde one, cause I'm a sucker for green sauce. The toppings are yummy and fresh.....love the capers and kalamata olives. If you like spicy pizza, DEFINITELY get the chili sauce topping! It's to die for!  I even bought a bottle of the chili sauce on my 3rd visit here. EXTRA plus......it's walking distance from Aria.....so you can get great drinks and then head to 800 Degrees for a satisfying dinner :)
1	If you want to see a unique pizza place, this is it.  If you want good pizza, go someplace else!
1	So being from LA we have the same version of make your own pizza .. aka pieology. Anyways going in i was impressed with the selections that you have to add to your pizza. What i wasn't impressed with is the $1.50 for every additional topping.Your $8 pizza can turn into 15 quick.... Anyways from being okay pizza the service sucks !!! So you must order at least 3 times with three different people before you can pay and hope by the third time they don't mess up your order which they did. I have never experienced someone go to your table and take your food from you to give you a smaller portion. All i have to say is i feel bad for the person that had to touch the salad after me. The worse part is the guy argued with me about what i ordered. Keep moving on people there are plenty of other restaurants that are over priced that you probably will enjoy.
5	This is how Neapolitan pizza is supposed to be. Great choice of toppings. Reasonable prices especially for Vegas. The burrata is awesome too.
4	Before you dine make sure you understand exactly what "Neapolitan" pizza is & make sure you like it. Neapolitan style pizza is also referred to as "wet" pizza it's truly authentic to Italian style pizza and is not what Americans are used to. The pizza will need to be folded or the toppings will slide off . For being on the LV strip the price is honestly rather cheap . Being a local I understand strip pricing is typically hiked up 20-25% for you fabulous tourists ....I'm ok with the pie here, my complaint is the salad. I ordered the Pear Gorgonzola salad & the dressing was so intense! It's like somebody dumped a straight bottle of vinegar on my salad. My friend could smell the vinegar from across the table . Stay away this salad dressing literally singed my taste buds it was so intense. - The Ambiance is great! - The pizza is good IF you like Neapolitan style. - Price is affordable for being on the strip. -Caesar salad is yummy- Gorgonzola salad is not recommended -  * Cheese lovers order the Burrata with pesto is delish!Overall I definitely recommend!!! :)
3	On my second visit to 800 degrees I was not as impressed with the food. However, the service was still friendly and helpful.This time I chose the blt pizza and the Caesar salad. I watched the guy make the pizza and observed him putting olive oil, garlic, and Parmesan on the bottom of the pizza. I asked him if he was going to put any salt and he said yes we put some on top. After having my first slice of pizza I could tell that it was under seasoned and I did not taste any salt on top of the pizza. The Caesar salad came with big pieces of uncut lettuce and stale croutons. I did not like the Caesar dressing either because the anchovy flavor was too bold. I ended up having a few slices of pizza and left the salad on the table for my friend to pick at. I will be back but next time I will make my own pizza.
5	Ok this review might be a bit biased since I was kind of hammered but I had others in my party sober so my review does hold water. Ok I was craving pizza and since vegas does stay open later than in SoCal I was happy. First pizza I got was a the classic Margherita pizza which was the cheapest at 7 and change. got a beer for less than 16 bucks. It was a great pizza thin crust nice and a bit charred on the edges. Since I was drunk and my party took my pizza i decided to go with the verdi pizza which is pesto and cheese. That was even better than the first one. The service is awesome nice people chatting away and the service is quick. My pizza was cooked not raw like some of these reviews. Guess what the pizza will be charged since they are using charcoal ovens. overall great place if your are hungry and need a break from the strip.
5	These design-your-own pizza places are popping up everywhere. Even with all the options available, 800 Degrees stands head and shoulders above any other place I've visited.This location is really nice, with high ceilings and clean decor, but the most beautiful feature of the restaurant is all of the pizza toppings! A twenty-foot-long buffet of them, I think...perfect cubes of butternut squash, fresh mozzarella, bunches of thyme, sweet roasted garlic, slices of eggplant, a variety of different hot peppers, caramelized onions, artichoke hearts, rosemary oil, on and on. You can choose from the list of pre-designed pizzas on the wall, or customize your own. Plus, there non-pizza options as well--salads, and burrata with your choice of accompaniments (beets and balsamic, prosciutto and melon, etc.), meatballs, broccolini.The pizzas are perfect, though, with crisp edges and soft middles. If you like spicy, request some of their chili pepper nonsense on the side. Spicy and incredibly flavorful, almost a buffalo sauce type of thing going on. Perfect for dipping bites of crust. I love the Tartufo, with truffle cheese, mushrooms, roasted garlic, and arugula.This is pizza to enjoy when you're on your game, not the stuff you get to soak up the excess amounts of alcohol sloshing around in your stomach.
5	Great pizza at a great price. 800 degrees was one of only a couple truly spontaneous dining experiences my wife and I had during our visit to Vegas. Our pizzas were very cheap when compared to pretty much everything we ate on the strip. It was great pizza with a thin crust, very fresh sauce and toppings, and a fair bit of char on the crust.
4	My wife and kids ate here three or four times during our recent trip to Vegas.  Nice clean restaurant, good pizza.
3	Ehhhhh. The pizza was in fact mushy and felt under cooked. I had Pieology (Another pick your own pizza business) expectations... Another thing to note was that the staff kept up conversation with each other only pausing for a second to ask me what toppings I wanted.... Seven employees standing around talking to one another? I wonder if their boss knows about this. Also they were out of soda lids... Alrighty then.
4	Good pizza and they have big water cups which is key because the desert is is trying to kill you and it is nearly impossible to drink enough. Downside is that all extras are $1.50 each. Even for a few pepperoncinis. I had the Verde which was good.
5	Boom. Great pizza. Fair price. Awesome team of workers!
1	Omg I'm so f*ckn pissed at this place! I paid for $25 of meatless pizza and 2 bottles of water! All I can taste in my pizza was anchovies and a few pieces of prosciutto/sopresatta that I paid extra for! They should've given me more meat!!! The crust was soggy, too much sauce and barely had any basil. I wish I could've taken a pic but I forgot. I was so annoyed at how stingy these toppings were, I don't understand because some of the pics actually looked good and more generous...argh I'm so fckn angry!!!
3	Very cool experience.  Classy establishment.  Quality ingredients.  Mouth Watering.Those should pretty much wrap together the experience here.  I think everyone should try a couple of these fast-fire pizzas places at some point.  It's a very fast-food-esque way to enjoy an amazing class of food.My thoughts on this place... For starters, it's pricey! Each add-on ingredient is pretty expensive, which really limits the kind of pizza I would have liked to build.  The pizza is pretty much meant to be enjoyed right away.  It is a thin-crust pizza with not a lot of weight to it, so it doesn't stay hot for long and will get soggy quickly if you don't eat it.  One of the downsides to a 800-deg oven is that some (not a lot) of the crust will get burned.  I really don't care much for eating blackened crust pieces, and I'm too lazy to pick them all off.  Very cool to try once.  Now that I've been to this chain here and in LA a couple times... I'm over it.  I've had better fast-fire pizzas places that also maintain very high quality ingredients for a better overall pizza at a lower overall price.
1	If you're looking for pizza, this is not the spot. Too expensive for the ass tasting food. No nutrition and very not macro friendly. This place is shit.
2	Meatballs were bland. Asked for our pizza to be crispy (shouldn't it always be, if it's thin crust?) but it came out as a soggy mess.
1	I got the verde pizza and it was very unappetizing all around- it was too oily, the dough was extremely soggy but the crust was all burnt- if I wasn't tasting oil, I was tasting charcoal. Was expecting a lot better and left very disappointed.
4	OMG Yummy!!!! 5 stars if they had had the wine on the menu that I ordered. One of the best pizzas ever!
5	This is an amazing and affordable pizza restaurant, with a basic margarita pizza coming in at just 7.95 (theres only one size), and 1.50 for every extra topping.When you walk into the restaurant, you are greeted by a subway-like pizza experience, starting out by choosing what type of pizza you want, followed by them hand rolling out the balls of pizza dough for all your pizza. You then head along the line to the next station where the cover the dough with fresh, sweet tomato sauce and tear apart a fresh mozzarella ball as well as a quick drizzle of olive oil. After that, you choose your toppings and they take the pizza into one of their three wood burning ovens. In under a minute, they pull out one of the best tasting pizzas you'll ever have.
5	The BEST pizza in Las Vegas, PERIOD. Amazing flavorful ingredients and amazing service. They also have a soda machine designed by ferrari that will dispense all the sodas you want. I go back and back and back. This is not your typical pizza joint, it is a pizza style from Naples, Italy. You will smell the basil and taste the amazing tomato sauce they use.  Try it, you will not like any other pizza place afterword.
4	Located just outside Monte Carlo, it has a nice location, nice atmosphere. Price is very reasonable for Vegas and most other places. I had a pizza, made to order. Staff was friendly, clearly explained their custom options. Pizza was hot and tasty. My only negative comment is they used too much olive oil - my pizza wilted from all the oil.I did find the taste and price better than "secret pizza" at Cosmopolitan.I recommend this, and will go back on my future visit.
5	Excellent service, super friendly staff. This is the last stop of our Vegas trip before we headed back home, my husband was saying that this should be the first stop in our next trip, so that we can go here more than once before we head home. We ordered a margarita pizza with prosciutto, it is unbelievable good. They put extra virgin olive oil on top of the pizza, it enhances the flavor. We were debating should we order the meatballs, glad that we decided to give it a try. It is one of the best meatball we had ever have.Glad to know that they have 2 more stores in LA. The staff was telling us they are going to open one more store on the Strip.
3	This restaurant seemed pretty busy and offered friendly service. There was a bit of a line when we arrived, but the vast restaurant space with high ceilings and excellent detail made the wait enjoyable. Also, provided us time to figure out what to order. 800 degrees offers individual pizzas which are made to order. They feature both traditional and some modern takes on pizza. They are all very reasonably priced for a 13" hand stretched pizza. We ordered the piccante and zucca both were good. The piccante was very spicy due to the Calabrian chilies which were put on it. However, ours had more of the oil and less of the peppers than I would have liked. This made the crust a little soggy. The zucca was very good, but I felt that it was a little light on the toppings, I would have liked to see a little more quash on it and onions. I felt that the oven was a little hot and therefore the bottom of the pizza didn't get golden brown. But I guess it is called 800 degrees. We also ordered a couple of their beers on tap and they paired perfectly. Overall good experience, although my card got rung up incorrectly and a $15 tip was placed on a $40 order. Advice: great place to grab a pie but it is a sit down place, china and classes provided not a grab and go like Pin-up Pizza at PH.  I will be back though to try the other pizzas.
4	Crust is crispy and light, sauce is very flavorful and bursting with acidity of the fresh tomatoes. I enjoyed the pizza with meatball, sausage and pepperoni topped a a drizzle of spicy oil!! Loved it. They have lots picnic style tables inside or seating patio seating!
5	We were in vegas for the weekend and craved pizza. 800 degrees had a great menu and they were fantastic at accommodating one picky eater and two gluten free eaters. Amazing value for money, especially in vegas, and lots of great extras, like truffle salts hot pepper sauce. They also have wine and gelato so there is nothing wrong with that. Had a great time and will return.
5	This place carries fresh ingredients and creates a pizza to your liking. The salads are made to order with quality ingredients as well. The staff is very friendly and the establishment is clean. I will definitely be making this a hot spot every time I visit LV.
5	My family and I recently vacationed to Las Vegas and we were lucky enough to find 800 Degrees! We were staying at the MGM and were super hungry one night, so my Dad found 800 Degrees on Yelp and we decided to try it. We came in not knowing what to do or not knowing anything and the pizza dough guy closest to the door was super helpful and friendly! I thought I knew what I wanted, but he recommended something better that was geared more towards what I wanted. I appreciate when anyone takes the time to do that, especially with a huge line growing behind me. The brocolini is sooooo good. We came here two nights in a row because we wanted to try everything! A great place to eat with good food and VERY affordable. I can't wait to come back!
5	Amazing. The pizza is so good and rustic. I'm thinking about it a few days later. Wish it was here in San Diego! The chopped salad was really good too. You could tell it was quality food product. We were very hungry and the food was fast! Also they have clean single bathrooms!
3	This is really an interesting concept. The idea of creating your pizza and getting it cooked (baked?) in 90 seconds is really amusing. I am a vegetarian and this turned out to be a great option as you have a couple of non meat options to choose from. You can control the amount of cheese so that you can enjoy a pizza with the taste of toppings and not have a cheese rush. They have nice toppings to choose from. The only thing missing is a selection of bell peppers. But there are many others to choose from. For the extra cautious vegetarian, they even have separate pizza cutters for vegetarian and non vegetarian pizzas. The downside is the lack of beverage options. They boast that they have over 150 coke products, but people are trying to avoid them now a days. So some other options will be appreciated. The salad bar lacked some ingredients and dressing choices as well IMO. Overall, a nice and quick option on the strip.
5	I stayed at the Monte Carlo and we decided to try this place it's AMAZING! We had the Bianca pizza and added bacon and basil with a Caesar salad. It was fresh, flavorful and delicious! But it is 1.50 for added toppings a little pricey but it's delish.
5	Just came back and Sean was so great! He was so nice and genuine. I would come back just for him to help me again! Thank you, Sean :)
3	One of the cheapest and fastest pizza options on the Strip. Yes, I was positively surprised with the high quality of food and service. The only thing it took forever to serve them our wine and beer. That was weird.
5	Seriously have some very good pizza for a very reasonable price. Came here twice in a day because it was so damn good. The margharita, and verde pizza both amazing - can't go wrong with either .
4	Have eaten here a few times. Like the selection of toppings, employees in the location have always been amazing ... not sure why the bottom of my crust is always soggy.
5	I'm not a pizza snob, but this pizza was one of the best I've ever had! You get to choose something traditional or you can create your own. I was really surprised at the size and taste because it was inexpensive. You see the guy rolling the dough when you order and you see it go into the brick oven. It didn't even take long to cook, and it was delicious. If I lived in Vegas, I'd become a regular there.
4	Great FAST Pizza.  I hate waiting for my pizza, so this is why I LOVE this kind of pizza.  You get to pick out your toppings, they make it all in front of you and then you see it go into the 800 degree oven and presto, a few minutes later, pizza is served.  Tasty fun!
1	We've eaten here a few times and overall have been disappointed with both food and service. Our most recent visit, and likely our last, we ordered and left. I told the guy working the dough (and I've seen more than once them picking something out of it which isn't at all appetizing to watch - what are you picking out?!) at the beginning of the counter that we wanted a margherita with toppings. He said, "okay," and I moved down the counter to where the toppings are. It always seems to take FOREVER for these guys to get the dough perfectly shaped. A little pat here, a little pat there... This isn't art class and your little pats are doing nothing to improve the pizza and I'm yelling, "hurry up!" in my head. Then I hate watching them put sauce on, because it reminds me of how little they put! It's like they are challenging themselves to how little of it they can spread around and make it look like there's something there. So I'm standing there and waiting for someone else to finish it off with breaking apart and spreading around the blob of mozzarella cheese so that they can finally take my toppings order, when suddenly all of these customers that came in AFTER me are working their way past me at the direction of the counter guys. The guy with my margherita is pointing at a guy behind me to follow him to the toppings counter. The staff behind the counter pay no attention to me. HELLO?! Do any of you behind the counter think I might be standing there for a reason?! You guys left me high and dry and I'm now just a road block for all of the customers you DID remember. I worked my way back to the beginning of the counter and told the dough guy that took my order that this ordering line system sucks and that I'm leaving. He offered no apology and said he could make my pizza right at that moment, but I left on principle. I walked through the Monte Carlo to Sbarro's and got a couple of slices of pizza without incident. As far as the pizza goes, it's always soggy in the center. If you order sausage, beware of it being undercooked. My daughter loves sausage but I wouldn't let her eat the pink sausage crumbles. Their pizza is cooked in 60 seconds, which isn't long enough to safely cook pork.Yea, I know it's Neapolitan style pizza, to be eaten with knife and fork, but I've had better and this place just doesn't do it for me. I wish Monte Carlo had a better pizza joint on the plaza than this.
5	Great pizza order it crispy don't go crazy with the toppings and you can't go wrong friendly staff shout to Marcus awesome service all the time
1	Just ate here, 3 pizzas, all extremely  soggy and almost watery  in the center. Could not pick up a slice without everything  falling off. To be quite frank little  cesars is better quality.  I would never return  here even if it was free.
3	This place was not that great...project pie puts this place to shame. The guy putting the toppings on our pizzas kept messing up and we were all getting pretty frustrated but whatever he made a mistake. But then the pizza was so incredibly soggy and the second you pick it up everything fell off. The toppings tasted good but I was getting so annoyed with everything falling off that I just gave up and threw it away. Don't think I'll get pizza from here ever again
4	Gourmet pizza options, decent salads, 2 for 1 beers (outside), and ready in 60 seconds.......enough said!  Excellent for quick eats after a show, great quality, great deal!!
1	Last night after Blue man Group. We wanted to try 800 degrees.  We ordered 3 pizzas, each one was a menu item pizza with one ingredient added on. Not too hard to mess that up. It was not busy only three group in front of us. Took way too long, 15 minutes until they called our number.  Then the add on ingredients were not no the pizzas. They remade them and they  came out wrong again. So they made them for the third time. Came out right.  Now the pizzas crust was cooked perfect but the customer under the center was raw. Too much water on top of the pizza. Bad customer service.  Not coming back.
4	The pizza from 800 was tasty, but it might benefit them to offer a "well done" version of a pizza that has a little more cook on the toppings. My dough was cooked all the way through, but I would have loved to get a little color on the cheese.Great value though for the size of pizza, $14 including a tip for a pizza that could probably feed two not so hungry people or satisfy one really hungry person.Great location just outside the Monte Carlo as well, with seating outside that allows for people watching on the strip.
3	pizza cooked at 800 degrees in 2 minutes. great service, atmosphere. reasonable prices but the flavor of my margarita  pizza was just Ok. kind of bland .
5	Great flavors and they have gluten free.  This is our first time here and the raves we heard about are all true.  My son is picky with pizza but with this place he loves the taste. They have one location by our house so we will definitely be back.
2	The pizza is pretty good but the service could be A LOT better.Came here for takeout on a Monday night.  When I got in line, there was only one other couple in front of me.   I ordered a simple margherita pizza with mushrooms.  Overall the crust was good but burnt even for a neopolitan style pizza.  The sauce is good but overwhelmingly garlicky (and I love garlic).  The cheese melted well but soon came tough and rubbery.  The basil was nonexistent.  I was most disappointed by the first bite, mainly because everything slid right off.  As for the salad, also underwhelming.  I got the burrata with artichoke tapanade and olives.  There was almost no arugula.  The olives were extremely salty.  Also of note, nobody bothered to make the salad while my pizza was cooking despite there being almost no wait.  I had to wait first for the salad, then for the bread to be toasted.  So maybe that's why by the time I ate my pizza it was a rubbery,  soggy mess.Overall, pretty pricey for mediocre food.  Don't think I'll be returning if i can help it!
3	yum
3	The pizza tasted delicious but the only bad thing was it was soggy in the middle.. They even had gluten free pizza crust. Which was awesome!
4	very good. little over priced for pizza. but great food. dont order beer or wine. crazy over priced. go to the flamingo. But good overall.
5	omg delish !!! =D
4	I wondered about this place since there are couple locations in Los Angeles. This place is casual by ordering your pizza at counter and pay for it and pick up pizza at counter. It's nice ambiance with nice staff and self serve soda (high tech). My meal was around $15 with salad, classic pizza, soda. They accept MLife card for points.
4	So yummy, Im even craving it right now. I love the options for toppings. excellent
3	I will preface this review with service can certainly make a difference, but alas in the end can not save a meal. However, with what I review I feel I am fair and I leave it up to the yelper reading this to decide whether 800 degrees deserves a shot or if it should be essentially passed up..With that said "eat up" the followingUpon walking to 800 degrees (located on the right as you walk out of Monte Carlo towards the strip side) I pieced together that it does really have a subway feel to it and it's almost borderline cafeteria style preparation of the pizza which is nice because you won't get the "chef special"..=OPThe journey began with a gentleman who prepares and flips the dough..Onwards to the topping area where I do admit the ingredients for being "out" did seem to keep their freshness from an observational stand point at least..I had my heart sold on the tropicale (roasted pineapple, ham, and jalapenos), but I was the one left saying aloha in the end!I took the pizza back to my hotel room and portion wise it is possible to share it amongst 2 people so there's a plus at least..Upon opening the pizza box I did find the crust to be paper thin and didn't seem to adjust well to being picked up as the toppings and sauce slipped right down and I was left with essentially a soggy piece of dough. It did look a bit heavy on the grease at the bottom of the box which attributed I'm sure to that. There was a sign by the register upon paying which did say they are willing to remake it if it falls short of your expectations so had I been closer I would have requested a re-fire of the meal so I can't knock them for that. In fact I do respect that they are willing to go that extra mile for the overall satisfaction of the customer if their product falls short of expectations.I do have to comment on the staff as they were quite inviting and weren't pushy during the preparation. I think taste wise the experience would have been much different in house vs. my hotel room so I am open to giving it another shot and if it disappoints me in round 2 I will make the trek to project pie who at least for now blows them out of the water!
5	This guy was the most awesome pizza maker there
3	Good deal for a fresh hot pizza on the strip in front of Monte Carlo. Definitely better quality than grabbing a slice someplace. The pizzas are thin and for most an individual size, but you could split if you get a salad or want to save room for their gelato. You order your base pizza and then add your favorite toppings to customize to your liking. Or they have some classic choices to choose from. I prefer to make my own. I liked this pizza better than Blaze which has a similar concept, but the mozz and crust were better here.
5	Great concept and good tasting pizza. Walking in we didn't know what to expect but seeing the dough in the air and the atmosphere was truly special. You can tell the pizza was good because everyone was smiling. The specialty pizza's were a good combination. We had a Tropicalli and the BLT. We asked to have the pizza's cooked extra crispy and that was a great choice. The cheese was good, the sauce was tasty. Overall it was 800 is a great casual place to take friends who are visiting. The pricing was amazing. Just FYI the hours on Yelp are wrong they close at 10pm Sunday.
3	Pizza has good flavor, but the fresh Mozzarella needs some of the moisture squeezed out. It makes the pizza soggy in places.  Had margarita pizza with mushrooms, caramelized onion, and pepperoni and Antipasti. Add glass of wine and a beer and it was $45. Concept would work better as a sit down restaurant. The stand in line and order idea doesn't work. Lots of bottle necks in the line.
2	My visit took place on Jan 03, 2015. I visited the location on Las Vegas Boulevard, adjacent to the Monte Carlo Resort. (I understand that there is another separate location at the SLS Hotel & Casino.)So let's start with the positives:It has a great location facing the Las Vegas Strip. It has indoor and outdoor seating. The interior is well decorated. And I feel that the pricing is very reasonable, when you consider the other eating options on The Strip. Also note that one of the features of this chain is that you can "customize" you own pizza.But with regards to the food.... Personally I can only give "an average" rating based on my one meal.  I ordered the sausage with caramelized onions, and did not ask for any special customization. I wanted to see what their interpretation was. The pizza was beautiful to look at. But I prefer a dryer, crispier crust. The rim of my pizza's crust was crispy--but the bottom (flat area) of the crust was "wet". Maybe this is what a traditional Neapolitan pizza is supposed to be like, and I am used to "American style" pizza (?). The European tourist seemed to enjoy their meals.
