4	I discovered this place when I was waiting on my husband during his Chiropractic appointment. The doctor suggested that I check it out because she said there was a lot of cute stuff in there. Hm mm.... shop or wait in the doctor's office for an hour..decisions ..decisions. When I walked through the door and started going through their racks at first I thought, "Wow there is a lot of bedazzled stuff here". I had an hour so I went through every rack and there is a mix of everything you just have to be patient. I've found a lot of great finds there like 7 for Mankind jeans for $12.00, Lucky jeans t-shirt for $14.00 ,and cute dresses. Today I found a black and white hounds tooth jacket for $13.37 and a BCBG Maxzazria blouse for $16.72. I signed up for their frequent shopper card (not a credit card) for free and I get access to special coupons and sales every week. They also have men's wear, accessories, and home decor. The weekly card specials are a must if you want maximum savings!
1	Not impressed. The clothing was geared toward women in their 50's or 60's- like the matching outfits and printed pants. The prices, even after the discount, was not much lower than department stores like Dillard's. I tried going back but I didn't find anything.
1	Do not shop Stein Mart, did you know that sexual orientation is NOT protected in there employee handbook. Do not support a store that doesn't support equal rights!
4	I tend to stay away from Stein Mart because it is dangerous for my wallet.  It's full of stuff I don't need but I always find something that I want.  Their clothes don't necessarily wow me and I find that they often put 2-3 styles on clothing rod so you sort of have to really look at each rack and not just rely on the front facing item.  Also I don't really think the prices are that great in the clothing and shoe department but they always have sales racks and coupons.  What I really like about Stein Mart is the unique gift and decorating items and knick knacks that I find there at a reasonable price point.  Being a dog lover they have a section in the back with dog beds, pictures, plaques, toys and clothing for small dogs.  On my recent visit I was looking for outdoor pillows and they had a large selection of various colors and styles.  Unsure of what would look best when I got home I bought more then I needed but returns are no problem with a receipt within 60 days. I also love their bedding selection because I like to change mine up every now and then and everything I have bought there has held up well considering I have four dogs on and off the bed.  .
1	The most horrid shopping experience ever! Very few clothing options for customers in their 20'-50's. Most items are geared towards the 60-80 age range. I did find a couple of items to try on and this is where everything totally went down hill!Back at the dressing room were three employees. Two of them were being scolded by a German or Austrian woman telling them they are not hanging things correctly on displays. All three completely oblivious to my need to try on some items. I finally interrupted and one employee said to go in. One of the tops was cute but it had a hole in it. I asked if they had more sizes in the back as this was the only medium they had on display and I just got "I don't think so."After that disappointing exchange of words, I used the restroom. DIRTY!!! There was feces on the plumbing by the flush lever and on the wall!!! Yes, feces sprayed in places that it should not be. The seat cover dispenser lay on the floor and the toilet paper dispenser was almost meeting it's counterpart, hanging on by a screw. I do not think someone had a wild poop party, I just think their restrooms are seriously neglected. So far, starting to see a pattern of neglect. Well, I kept looking...shoes, then purses. I did find a cute purse. Walked up to the register and the clerk proceeded to comment on how cute the purse was. I might as well have been talking to the wall. I responded and the clerk was focused on goings on at another register. The only other verbal exchange after I swiped my card was "Here you go". No "thank you" or "have a nice day". The neglect that just oozes out of this store weighed heavy on me and within 2 hours I was back and returned the purse. When asked why I was returning the purse, I said "Poor customer service experience" to which I received an "Oh!"Oh, and by the way, I will not be back!
4	Always seem to find something marked down and coupon-eligible here.  And if you didn't print out the coupon, the cashiers usually scan a master copy for you.
3	This location is moving but they have great items and lots of different types of cool things for you house.  But since they are moving the store is not accepting coupons and also all sales are final.
