4	They handled my shattered window with professionalism even when I had to check with my credit card company before paying the charges, as I had declined all insurances and relied on my Visa.Hope my Visa comes through and honors this claim when all is said and done.
5	Had my car for two weeks and loved the quick easy , friendly service. The staff is friendly and very professional, I had my car for an extra day and called it in with no hassles ! Love this Enterprise :-). Totally recommend this location.
1	Wow, I made my reservation a month in advance and I arrive at 4:50pm and no car was available it has been 1hour now and still waiting for the car.  I came referred by my boss and I have to say that they have not lived to the excellent customer service that they boast about.  Also there are other clients waiting as well and some of them don't know what's going on. I hope for a better experience when I bring back the car. We will see.
1	Worst car rental place I've ever been to, tried calling the office 10 times and then the next few days and never answered, when I got there phones ringing the entire time, long lines and no other cars to choose from, advertise as giving a Toyota or Nissan then end up with a cheap Hyundai with a broken fender which they said they would have to charge us for, until we argued about it then said that it had already been reported... Choose something closer to the airport even if they charge more
5	Terrific customer service and staff was super friendly.  I would highly recommend this branch office to anyone!!!  My vehicle was in the shop and so Enterprises picked me up.  I was assisted by Shawna at the counter who informed me they did not have a van for rental even though I requested one. She went the extra mile and called the other branches to find one.  I ended up walking out of there with a Tahoe but with a promise that she would keep looking.  They didn't find me one but that was ok.  My husband ended up loving the Tahoe.  The assistant branch manager Alex was extremely friendly when I wanted to exchange the Tahoe for a smaller vehicle.  I was in and out of there in about 15 min.  When I returned the vehicle, I dealt with the branch manager and she was super friendly as well.  They gave me a ride to Tom's Auto Body.  In sum, if I ever need to rent a car, I would give my business to them!
