4	Good family place for some good Italian food. Every time I've been here the service has alwasy been good.
2	Well I shouldn't have even gone here.  This is an old chain, near the end of its life anyway...but I used to eat here 20 years ago and thought what the hey.I had a Heart Healthy shrimp and pasta thingy (why don't they offer whole wheat pasta if they care about your heart?) which was OK.  Date had breaded eggplant, which was crispy, but tasted like it was past time to change the grease it was fried in.My big problem?  The breadsticks.  They used to be all soft and warm and buttery and you got them as soon as you sat down.  Now you order them or they come with salad (weak, iceberg lettuce) and they were hard, brushed maybe with some kind of oil?  Not the same, not great.Look, chain restaurants limit choice.  We should know better than to go in one.
3	I didn't want to go, I really didn't, but when we needed a "team" lunch the boss man ruled.  Oh well, I hadn't been to Olive Garden in maybe 5 years?Service wise, it was a little slow to start but got progressively better.  I'm a water drinking, so when I'm without water for more than 5 minutes I get a little upset.  Anywho.  I had the soup, salad, breadsticks combo and it was surprisingly good.  The minestrone was lukewarm but flavorful and the salad had a little too much iceberg lettuce but was light on the dressing.  I won't be returning any time soon...but for what it was, it was A-OK.
3	This O.G. is on the good side. The food is the same as always, of course. They do try to get creative with the menu but it's rapidly encroaching on Troppo Formaggio e Burro territory. The service was great, which is pretty much what notches any particular Olive Garden from 2 to 3 stars. I love getting ice water in addition to beer I order without having to ask. The server was brisk and friendly. The report from the lasagne trenches was positive.The wine selections always baffle me at the O.G. though. The server was peddling a German riesling? Are we serving schnitzel con formaggio now?
3	Ever watch those cooking reality shows and think "holy crap, that chef is waaaaaay too sweaty to be in a kitchen?"  Yeah, that was totally my waiter.  When he wasn't hovering over me with threat of rain, we were treated to Forrest Gump-esque stories about his Momma and the long line of servers he was descended from.  Other than being a little weird, he was fairly prompt.  Oh, does anyone have any idea why I needed 15 freaking menus for lunch?  I felt like a tourist brochure rack had exploded on our table - and I couldn't find a reason for so much literature at an Olive Garden - unless they are starting a cult.On to the food!  We split the calamari and the endless soup, salad and bread sticks.  It was a little odd when he brought the soup and salad out before the calamari - but perhaps he figured it was a business lunch and didn't want to hold us up.  The batter on the calamari was perfect!  Sadly, the rings themselves were a little too chewy and the batter slid right off - I ended up eating more of the batter than the rings.  They seemed to get cold really fast too.The salad, well it was iceberg lettuce, with some croutons and some olives - and I think a few slices of carrot.  Somehow they managed to not get dressing on it, but since I've had on sale bagged salads that were more appetizing, I wasn't too broken up over it.Are you wondering why I gave them 3 stars yet? First, it is OG - ya kinda know what to expect, but after the sweat hog, limp salad, and suddenly naked calamari, there are 2 things that saved the day: the soup and bread sticks.  The Chicken Gnocchi Soup was great - not too heavy, a good ratio of dumplings to chicken and soup.  Dipping those perfectly baked bread sticks was blissful. They also did a decent job with the Italian Soda, the mix was right, but a little smaller than I would have liked.Overall, it was a decent lunch, but I don't feel like I earned an Italian stamp in my passport.
4	What is the proper name for a olive farm anyway? I am sure it is not a garden, it can't be a vineyard, orchard or patch so what could it be? I guess this is why there are no olive dishes on the menu at the olive garden.Like any other chain the food is predictable and sometimes uninspired. However there are several dishes here that are well executed and the sheer volume of food helps this chain break the 3 star chain curseI went here with my family for dinner as they are afraid to try anything new. I started my meal with the included minestrone soup, which is vegetarian. It is good once I add half a shaker of pepper to it.  For my main dish I went with the Manicotti formaggio. The ricotta is what really makes this dish special here, it is firm, dry and flavourful compared to the watery creamy found at most places. The dish comes with three large flat pieces covered in a chunky tomato sauce and topped with melted mozzarella. Of coruse there also was the obligatory over salted bread sticks. This particular location is due for a renovation, I really hope the new chairs are similar as they are one of the few comfortable chairs to be found at a restaurant.
4	Just a note the remodel has begun, and the new chairs as much much less comfortable.
3	I got the chicken alfredo for lunch. The flavor is ok, I remember it being better. The chicken is sliced thin (I think they use only half a chicken breast for this order). The chicken and gnochi soup was good. The bread-sticks are always a staple. I should have gotten more soup since the chicken alfredo was not a good portion.
3	Great place for big meals @ a great price!
4	It is never ending pasta bowl season. Gluttons and bargain hunters take note.For 8.95 you the the usual salad or soup and bread sticks. You then pick the pasta and the sauce. This year the special sauce is a "creamy parmigiana potobello"  There also are the usuals of marinara, meat, Alfredo and 5 cheese pink sauce.Then pick the pasta, many shapes plus a whole wheat option.Then eat, if you finish move on to another bowl of the same or any combo, Just note the 2nd bowl is much smaller as is the 3rd and any subsequent bowls.
4	This olive garden is right up the street from my house, me and my boyfriend frequent this place as a takeout. We have never eaten inside, but our orders for takeout i would say oh in the past six months that we have lived here have NEVER been messed up, and we order here every  oh i'd say one time every 1.5 week ish. It is what it is in terms of food but it does the job and hey they haven't messed up yet so we are fans.
5	Olive Garden is currently having their "Neverending Pasta Bowl", & as long as they are, & everything else is right, I'm going to be giving them high ratings, "chain restaurant" or not!  Now I liked the layout of the OG at 3430 W. Chandler a little less than 75th Av. Phoenix, but now it was time to try this one for comparison, so I headed over here to give it a try, joined by Lynn W.Like Phoenix, this location is real nice inside with comfortable seating, excellent service, & great value with the all-you-can-eat Special going.  This time I ordered regular spaghetti with their house meat sauce, & soup for my side instead of salad.  They had four different soups to offer, & I first had a bowl of Pasta e Fagioli, & later a bowl of Chicken & Gnocchi.  Both were just terrific, & the spaghetti was tops too, so what's not to LOVE about Olive Garden right now?  Hurry for this special, as it's only $8.95, & it ends October 10th.    :-))
1	We were seated.We perused the menu.We chatted.We colored.We waited.We were not ever approached by a server, not in 10-15 minutes of sitting there.
4	I'm still a fan of Olive Garden, but with the "Never Ending Pasta Bowl" Special having ended for now, the value is reduced a little bit.
5	I love this Olive Garden!
4	One of the best experience I've had with a waiter at Olive Garden. She was quick and always around. On this visit I had the shrimp primavera and the zuppa. The shrimp primavera is one of their healthy options but was a little on the bland side.The service was what won me over and if I'm inclined to go to any Olive Garden, this one will be one of my choices.
4	Another great experience at the Tempe Olive Garden. We've been eating there for years and their great service and food is the reason why! Last night we just did take out and I'm always impressed by how quickly our food is ready and the presentation when we pick it up Love the salad containers with sections for salad dressing and parm.
5	My boyfriend and i came here for dinner. First time i had ever been here,but he has been before.                                                                                We had a lovely server ,Alissa. She was very attentive and even gave us a sample taste of Merlot.                                                                                       I got a seafood and pasta dish and my date spaghetti and meat balls. They were both fantastic. Both meals come with soup or salad. We both got the soup. Again ,very good! Bread sticks come with the meal as well. The wine list is very extensive and the choices for food are endless.  It was a lovely evening. The bathrooms were clean and well maintained as well. We all know i like that! Hehe
4	What can I say? Went with a friend and my daughters to have lunch at the Olive Garden, we went for the all you can eat pasta bowl with salad and bread sticks! Lunch was very good, service was fast and friendly, only hold up was bread sticks were cooking but it just meant they were fresh from the oven! Great lunchtime with the gals!
5	Came here on a week night for dinner with my girlfriend. We had a really nice time.                                                                                                                   Our server was great,Alissa. Even gave us a sample of wine. Our dinner was excellent!   Both meals have bread sticks , soup or salad. Lots of parking. Good prices and great food.
3	They took the Chicken con Broccoli off of the menu!  So bummed!  Luckily the all-you-can-eat soup, salad and breadsticks are still an option at lunch time.
5	Great place to eat
4	You always know what to expect and they continue to deliver. No worries!!!
5	We came here last night for dinner.  We thought we would try the special for $12.95. It is a 3 course meal and well worth it.   You have your choice of soup or salad, then an entree and dessert. I got salad,my girl friend got the soup. You can coose from any of their soups not just one. Salad came in a big bowl so you could make your own. Their was enough for 3 salads ,of course i could not eat it all!!                                I got the pasta with sausage and she got the pasta with Shrimp.  Both were excellant and so much food.      Dessert was just right a small cup of 5 choices. Even a  glass of wine was cheap!  Bathrooms were clean and lots of parking in the lot!
4	We went there on a Thursday night past 8 o'clock so we were seated quickly. The food was great, and so was the service was pretty good too. I would have given the place five stars, but halfway through dinner, an alarm went off and didn't get shut off for around five minutes. Also, one of the waiters (not ours) was trying to show off with some wine glasses and ended up dropping several due to a miscalculation. Practice makes perfect though. I didn't mind that so much but the alarm was a bit unnerving. I'm sure that wouldn't happen again though. I'll definitely go back.
4	A typical Olive Garden experience.The restaurant itself is well-kept. The staff do their jobs well, and were gracious enough to accomodate our large party during the dinnertime rush. We were in town for a cycling event, so we had quiet a few people with us.The food was delicious, as always, and the ambience was family oriented.
5	Had a great night. The place wasn't packed and the food was prepared really fast. It was a light dinner anyhow. Just some salad, soup, and appetizers. Our waiter was very friendly and never let our drinks empty. Only thing was I know the lighting is for ambiance and what not but its hard to read the menu with the lights so dim.
4	Day shift is fabulous. They always take really good care of us. One of our favorite places to go.
3	Went for lunch with wifey on Monday.  All-in-all, it was OK.  We opted for the 2 for $25 meal.  We got two appetizers instead of one dessert.  The AYCE bread sticks and salad bowl is still basically the same and pretty good.  But they don't put any Romaine in the salad anymore, just iceberg lettuce.  I guess this is to save money.The appetizers we choose were fried calamari and fried zucchini.  Both were not very good -- they were not fresh made and were the pre-made, frozen in the bag stuff.  So the appetizers were not-so-good.My wife ordered the spaghetti with meatballs and meat sauce and I ordered the smoked Parmesan chicken entree.  My wife's entree was of good size and the meat sauce was hearty and good tasting.  They gave her two big meatballs too.  We both thought that her meal was more than adequate.  When I got my entree, I started to eat and then I started to think.......I said to my wife, why don't they call this dish Fettuccine Alfredo with a grilled chicken breast, instead of smoked Parmesan chicken.  Just then our server came over with a plate which was my smoked Parmesan chicken and said the kitchen gave her the wrong entree, and if I wanted she had what I ordered.  I told her that what I had was fine and she said OK, and that my Alfredo was a better deal for me since it is not on the list of choices for the 2 for $25 meals.  So I guess I made out here.  My wife said I should have told her that wanted the smoked Parmesan chicken entree too, and maybe we could take it home for our three girls (dogs) to eat.Oh yeah, I ordered the big glass (9 0z.) of wine and that was $10.  The wine was terrible --- I am sure the retail price of a bottle of this two buck chuck couldn't have been more than $2.99 for the whole bottle.  Why is it that I never learn?  This kind of establishment always has crappy wines.  Even if you order a whole bottle off their wine list, the best you can expect is mediocre wine at best.
5	Aaaaaahhhh olive garden.... As always the food was devine. Our server, Becca was amazing! Our glasses were never empty and the food kept coming and coming! For once the wait was very short and thank god because I was starving!
3	The soup / salad / breadstick lunch is what keeps me coming back to this otherwise bland and overdone chain. There are much better Arizona-owned Italian restaurants in the area.
4	Pretty good service though our waiter did forget to give us breadsticks.  I like that they give you a free sampling of wine before your dinner.  Love the Zuppa Tuscano soup and the salad.  The eggplant parm was just so so.
5	Long wait, but well worth it!  Our waiter, Roman, was the BEST!!  Very knowledgable, friendly & made our evening.  We were well tended to & he made the evening fun!  Thanks!!!
5	A great spot to enjoy a nice dinner and hang with your friends!  tip: ask for "Roman".   This guy is awesome!  Probably one of the best servers you'll have.
4	Great service, fast lunch on a work day.
4	You just can't go wrong here. The chicken fettuccine alfredo is amazing. My waiter, Roman is the best waiter is all the land. He's fast, friendly, and totally attentive. When you're treated well, your experience is great! The downside is that I went on a Sunday and it was pretty packed.
1	Don't bother calling in your To-Go order ahead, they won't have it when you get there.
3	Being a chain, I actually still like Olive Garden. It's quick, easy, cheap and usually pretty good. You always know what your gonna get, and service Is usually very upbeat + friendly. I really like the chicken fettuchini alfredo, breadsticks, salad and most Of the soup. I've never had cold/ lukewarm food at this location and always leave smiling(and with the server smiling:). Lol. My one wish Is that they would please bring back the cheese manicotti!!!!!!!
5	We had a lunch in this wonderful place. I was very happy with services, very tasty food, comfortable interior...sooo I'm going to back soon:) thank you ! Love Italian food!
2	The stars are strictly on the service.   We've been to this location a several times.  The food is always good.  In the past there seems to be a few glitches with the servers.  Once I ordered hot water and instead of being brought in a cup, it was brought in a glass.  That I couldn't believe.I'm always amazed why management doesn't stress to their servers the importance of timing a meal.  You just don't bring the appetizer, salad and main dish on top of each other. Such was the case on a recent visit.  When the entree did come, we got nothing but excuses. Training, training, training.  We weren't happy. Thus, the 2 stars.
4	We aren't big on chain restaurants, but the food was good & Alexander our server was wonderful. It is nice to have a Server actually wait on you! A lost art in my opinion. We will request him when we go back, which is frequent. The Manager also visited our table - which I always think is a nice personal touch.Thumbs up for Olive Garden & Alexander!
4	Very clean Olive Garden. GREAT service - very friendly
1	I don't know what is happening to Olive Garden, but the quality of the food has gone way downhill.  Because I used to really enjoy this restaurant and was hoping that the last few times I ate there and the food wasn't that good was just a fluke.  Not so.  I ordered carry out this time - the chicken marsala, lasagna, and chicken alfredo.  The chicken alfredo was ok but the other two dishes were horrible.  The chicken was totally dry, even the marsala sauce didn't help.  The lasagna didn't even taste like lasagna and I could have done better getting a frozen dinner at the grocery store.  Sadly, I have given up on this restaurant.  I refuse to pay the prices they are now asking for inferior food.  I would not waste your time going here.
5	I took my family here for lunch yesterday, and we were sat in Judy's section. I have 2 small kids and right away Judy was so sweet to them and us. She was always smiling and on top of everything. Our food came out in a timely manner and was very good. We had a coupon for a free app so we tried the fried artichokes. They were good, but we probably would not order them again. All in all, the food had great flavor. The seafood pescadores was not our favorite, but it was good at the time... We will definitely come here again, and hope to be sat with Judy again too.
5	I had a to go order ! Food was delicious warm and all!!! Great taste ....everything was neatly packed, great customer service '!
2	I know servers hate all you can eat so I shouldn't be surprised at my visit today, but as I am a good tipper and former restauranteur, I hoped for the best. Just wanted a quick lunch. The salad was ready made for at least 30 minutes because the lettuce was luke warm, wilted, and DROWNING in dressing. I actually used a napkin to soak some of the dressing up. It came first with the bread sticks and we had eaten our salad, all the breadsticks, and emptied our drinks before the server came back with our soup. Again, we finished our soup and patiently awaited breadsticks. Server was nice, just really slow. We received refills on our drinks finally at the end of our time for lunch when we were waiting for anyone to come to our table and bring is the check. We only went there out of convenience and that is definitely not what it was.
2	Server was in slow motion tonight.. Took ridiculous long for everything (they were not that busy). Food was decent as always. The also ran out of boxes (well they had very small ones so I have a bunch of those).
5	Great location. I have never had to wait too long at this location and service has always been great! Make sure you go during never ending pasta bowl or during lunch for soup and salad! Often there are coupons in the paper as well. I enjoy their zuppa tuscana, Alfredo dipping sauce and of course, the breadsticks!!
2	I think that rating an Olive Garden restaurant is like rating a McDonalds... kind of pointless and at best a 2-star experience along with all fast-food. But I'm kind of blown away that it would have a 4 out of 5 star Yelp rating alongside the likes of Pizzaria Bianco, Postino's, & Cibo.
4	= = = = = =  ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT!  = = = = = =Finally made it back around to this Olive Garden, and went for another feast of the occasional "Neverending Pasta Bowl" Special before it ends in 3 days.Nice Server Judy (from Hungary!) started me off with a basket of warm bread sticks and a bowl of cheese-topped Pasta e Fagioli Soup.  Then I went for a serving of Spaghetti with (double) Meat Sauce, then a bowl of tasty Zuppa Toscana Soup, containing spicy Italian Sausage, Kale and potatoes.  Finally it was a bowl of Cauatappi pasta with (double) 3-Meat Sauce.Everything was very good, but the 3-Meat Sauce added $1 to the check & I didn't think it was better than their regular meat sauce.  Also, the music was good (e.g. "I Need Love" by Leslie (sometimes "Sam") Phillips), but it was up a little louder than I would have had it.Carping aside, I'm still an OG fan, where this Neverending Pasta Bowl lunch was $9.99 + $1.     :-)
5	Great customer service! Manager came around greeting guest and asking if meal was good.
