3	I got a special of 3 al pastor tacos + drink for $3.99 The tacos aren't the big kind, more the "street taco" size. The meat was okay, but needed more of that pastor seasoning to me. Still, I couldn't beat my $4 lunch and it was walking distance from work. They gave me a coupon for 2 free tacos w/ next purchase. It'll come in handy for my work lunch. If you're here already and hungry, it might not be a bad choice, but it's not some place I'd drive out for (I'd say a drive to Sahara to Los Parados is worth it) . I'd have to try more on the menu to spot out if there's any stars in the bunch, but what I've got so far is just A-OK. Cheap, filled me up, convenient. Just a note- I couldn't check in...the map is wrong. This is in the Wal-Mart shopping center.
3	Aah, cheap, street-style mexican food next to a Wal-Mart. I've been spoiled by places like Chipotle, but sometimes I just want a small, greasy taco dammit! It's not really a place to go out of your way for. More like an option if you're hungry and happen to be in the neighborhood. (There's something about shopping in Wal-Mart that makes you hungry, and a lot of the time you just don't feel like grabbin' the required Mickey D's in every Wal-Mart Supercenter location).
3	Got a burrito this time ($5.25) for meat, salsa, beans and rice in it. Came with a small amount of chips.It wasn't a big burrito or loaded like say a Roberto's, but it tasted alright. It had about half meat and half everything else so for the all meat burrito fans, maybe this isn't the spot. If you are a bit meek on spice and say no to them asking if you want hot sauce and ask for "mild", mind you it isn't mild. Hot is hot and a red sauce, mild is still fairly spicy of a green salsa. Just sayin' might want to stick to the pico because I like spicy and it crept up pretty good on me.Even though I work in the area nearly everyday I haven't eaten here except one other time...I guess that says a lot.
4	Quick pointers for the drivers-The best Pastor. Cheap Prices, Open till around 10 and Very Friendly family. So lately Ive been on a tear for good Pastor in Vegas. Im on a burrito a day. Im pretty much the mexican Jared. (Yared?)...Anyway I ordered a Pastor burrito here and the woman was very excited to tell me that this was indeed special pastor, and that if I was actually ordering it on purpose, and not just another gringo who got lost outside of Wal Mart, then I would be very impressed. I explained I am a very appreciative eater and had an eye for Pastor since I was from California...They asked and when I did not say LA they were dissapointed, which saddened me and lowered my expectations a bit.  The woman was very friendly, but it was so quiet in there, and her being the talkative type, I decided to wait in my car. I never like to chill staring at the spanish programming, while someone slaves away on my 6 dollar purchase. Ultimately, I think this helped. The Pastor was indeed amazing. Its chopped small, roasted and then grilled for a crispy texture. The seasoning is top notch, and not coincidentally I assume, it tasted exactly like the only other Pastor I have seen cooked like this. A place in Santa Cruz called Tacos Morenos, whose own legend can be heard on the wind of a warm October night. Unlike morenos, who uses pintos and a thin layer of melted cheese on the burrito, this one contained rice and refried beans. Pretty bland. What saved the day was the salsa. its got a major kick, but more to your brow than your tongue. So consumption can continue :) Bottom line: They were very friendly and I say the Pastor is a MUST try. If you are simple, get the soft tacos, dont forget the salsa and if you like, remember to let em know.
5	I was having a craving for the deep-fried style tacos, hit up the Yelp app and found Famous Burritos. Wondering, "how good could they be, and how famous are they, if I have not heard of them yet?" I took a turn into the parking lot and sauntered in.As soon as the lady behind the counter was done assisting the customer in front of her, she started offering suggestions as I stared at the menu contemplating. Like I mentioned, I was craving a taco, theirs were all the fresco / soft shell corn tortilla style, so I skipped those. I was there, running late on my lunch break and decided to give their shredded Carne Asada burrito with rice and cheese (as I don't like frijoles) a try.Made it back to work, tore open the wrapper and enjoyed a very affordable and tasty burrito. It wasn't so stuffed that it was an OMGICANTBELIEVEIT kind of deal, but it also wasn't so stuffed that it exploded all over the place. It was a tad light, but still good and did the job for a little bit.The one "disappointment" was the very small amount of chips that came with the burrito. I suppose I have gotten spoiled by other places that give out monsterous serving sizes of chips to enjoy with your food.Will be back again once I am in the area and hungry for burritos!
3	I'm all for supporting local businesses. This mom-n-pop taqueria-esque shop is located in the Walmart plaza off of Rainbow and Spring Mountain. It's small and unassuming both inside and out. The lady at the counter (the owner perhaps?) was very friendly and happy to talk about everything on the menu while I stared at it.She sold me on the al pastor burrito ($5.50). I love pork and this place is called "The Famous Burritos" so I figured it had to be good. Two minutes after ordering the food was ready. Surprisingly quick? yes. It takes me longer to make toast in the morning. I couldn't see back in the kitchen where it was made, but I don't think the al pastor comes off a spit a la Tacos el Gordo. More likely it's sitting in a tray like Chipotle waiting to be served.While it wasn't a massive burrito, it was large enough -- filled with plenty of rice, onions, cilantro and beans. The pork lived up to its billing, providing plenty of heat with an array of spices. Not quite on the level of Tacos el Gordo's pastor, but still a-ok. The burrito also came with a small bag of tortilla chips. Not a bad option if you're in the area and want some cheap eats.
3	In the mood for some fast Mexican food, taco shop style then this joint will satisfy your craving.They have a large menu so be prepared to stand and stare at it for a moment as they have everything from huevos rancheros, nachos, taquitos, tortas, burritos, enchiladas, chimichangas, tacos and everything else in between!This visit I ordered a chicken chimichanga, which was loaded with thick melted cheese. It was delicious, they give you a side of sour cream and green chile sauce to layer on top. Also on the side was rice and beans to complete the meal.My friend ordered the carne asada nachos which was good.Very friendly service is a staple here.It is good enough to satisfy your fast food Mexican craving.
1	The Famous Burritos on rainbow is gone.  New owners different name and different food.  We are very sorry they are gone.
