5	I have used On the Spot for a while, and was a little surprised when I discovered the business had changed hands, and changed the name...well added the LV bit anyway.   But as the new owner worked for the company for a year previously, i decided to continue using them as she already knew my dogs.Sure enough, my guys were very happy to see her, and her husband, who is the driver/phone guy, was very pleasant indeed.Something I noticed was that the grooming took a little longer than usual but when I asked about this she explained that she doesn't work with anyone else, and likes to take her time. Fair enough. plus the RV is huge, and has plenty of space for dogs to hang out in, with bean bags etc, which I thought was a nice touch.The thing I liked best  was how she was with my guys who, I confess, I  tend to baby a little too much -  being a bit over protective I went outside to knock on the door of the RV to check they were ok, only to hear Helen singing some kind of lullaby to them!!!   that sold me right there, lol.  plus she did a great job.
5	I've been increasingly unhappy with the grooming job a large pet store company has been doing with our husky / shepherd mix dog and thought I'd try a mobile groomer so my dog doesn't have to endure a car ride and hours at a large pet store.  My dog dislikes car rides since she typically is going to a vet appointment and she shakes terribly which is not something I want to put her through if I can avoid it. So, I searched Yelp for a reputable mobile groomer and came across On the Spot LV.  I called and Helen, the owner, answered and she was very friendly and professional.  She happened to have a cancellation and was able to reserve my dog for a that time later in the week. Helen arrived on the appointment day and my dog instantly liked her and I felt good about that.  The grooming took about one hour and my dog didn't have to be scared riding in a car and staying in a crate until I could pick her up. When Helen returned my dog, she looked beautiful! Her coat has never been deshedded/brushed as well as Helen did it!!! She looked amazing!!! I will definitely be calling Helen again soon for my dog's next grooming session. I can simply say, WOW! You won't be disappointed with On the Spot LV. Thank you!!!
5	I was so impressed ! We have 4 dogs and she shaved , bathed my Shiba Inu who is very difficult , also did my other 3 dogs nails. & Anal glands all at my home in 2 hours & all for a very good price! I will definitely be using them again . My dogs also really liked her . Super sweet :)
5	The business identity is confusing, as they underwent  new ownership ( awhile back) so the website is actually www.poshpawsdiscountdogwash.com, the business name is On the Spot LV (not just "On the Spot" which was the previous ownership). Time for the glowing review...Helen bathed two of my dogs and groomed the third...all within 2.5 hours! When I do it myself, it takes me that long just to disinfect the bathroom afterwards. Impressive! She was friendly, spent time listening to my needs, and was gentle with my 14-yr old dog, even after he nipped at her several times. The dogs proudly marched back into the house when done, at ease and not appearing traumatized as they have with other groomers. They smelled fresh, but not overkill with artificial fragrance - I liked that. 75% of the time my dog with coarse/crazy hair returns from ANY groomer with visible lines on his fur due his odd growth pattern and texture... choppy marks, you could say...but somehow they cut his hair so smooth that it looks like it naturally grows that way! Happy customer...in fact, I just booked another appointment. Now, it takes several days to get an appointment (booked about one week in advance) and plan to have a flexible schedule for your booking as they don't give you an exact appointment time until the night before (which kind sucks). While the price for all three was about $35 more than my previous groomers, you cannot not beat the skill level, mobile convenience, and TLC.  A+++
1	We called today, told them that we live in the area of Tropicana, just east of Boulder highway, and they said that they don't serve this area. So, if you live in southeast Las Vegas, call someone else.
