4	As you probably already can guess, this event is a cluster and it is pretty uncomfortable running in a full santa suit. (The beard kept hitting me in the face and blinding me!)  Nevertheless, it was a lot of fun.  Here are my tips from my first year doing this:1. Show up early.  There's lots going on two hours before the race starts, you can stake out a good parking space, and you can take photos.  Then go back to the car and put your crap away.  Easy!2. Speaking of parking, if you have a high clearance vehicle and/or offroad vehicle consider parking in the gravel lot behind Fry's that fronts LV Blvd.  It was difficult getting out after the race and if you park there, and can get out, you can bail pretty easily.  But only offroad/high clearance vehicles!  I saw a few Camrys that got stuck. :(3. Safety first! Especially if you are doing the half or full marathon the next day.  There are tons of kids, dogs (some not so well behaved), strollers, and other weird things.  People are excitable.  Some people forgot they were running with a dog on a leash and clotheslined people.  The streets at Town Square are narrow.  So, if in doubt, slow down and employ defensive running/walking.  I saw some nasty spills that could have been avoided.  You don't want to be injured for the big race the next day for some 5K that isn't even timed.This isn't a five star event mostly for the traffic direction.  They need to suck it up and hire Metro.  Town Square security did the traffic direction and they sucked at it.  The guys directing traffic for me (near the entrance to Frys) actually got into a fight with each other!  Come on guys!  But still I had a ton of fun, came out unscathed, and I finally got my I Love Yelp t-shirt to boot!  Who doesn't love that?
4	Holly's review is right on!  This was my second year doing this event.  Last year, I did the bicycle ride.  That was such a cluster, it wasn't offered this year.I don't run, but I walk the 5K.  I always have my beard with me so that's never a problem.  I also park in the north lot and make a quick exit on Sunset.I really dislike the growth in the numbers of dogs that are here every year.  At least they had the good sense to crap at home before they came here, because I saw no doggy do anywhere.It's fun doing the walk because the entertainment beforehand--Jabbawockeez from the Monte Carlo, some dancers from the topless show Fantasy at the Luxor, and five flying Santas that parachuted to the parking lot from a helicopter high above the boulevard, and others--make this a fun event. Also, the chance to walk over the freeway on Sunset, something you don't do everyday is worth the walking.It's also the main fundraiser for Opportunity Village, a very needy charity in Southern nevada.  I'll be back next year for another go, suit and all!
4	Thanks for adding this for review purposes, Holly.This was my 3rd year in a row doing the Santa Run. And my cardio just keeps getting worse and worse. But I do it to support Opportunity Village. I hate running and I only do 5Ks for two reasons--the other is to save the tatas.This event has definitely grown a lot in even just the three years I've experienced it. I think that's only a good thing. I mean, it's a fun run. It's a community event. I must say that the feeling of community at this year's event was even better than the previous two.They even put on a hell of a pre-race entertainment show this year. Everything from Jabbawockeez to Zowie Bowie to Recycled Percussion--they totally rocked the parking lot. Monica Jackson, Jason Feinberg, and Melanie from 106.5 were excellent emcees. The parachuting Santas were a nice touch too (except one had trouble battling the wind and landing with the other three).I'm definitely doing this again next year.
5	Great time, great event.  It's a great effort to get some money to a great cause.  Everyone has a wonderful time and it's a really great way to get into the Christmas Spirit.  Plus, you get tickets to The Magical Forest by participating.  Certainly worth taking the time to participate.
4	Consistently one of the best, the oddest, and most fun events in Vegas.  There's nothing like running along surrounded by thousands of Santas and all for a good cause.Serious runners may not love the event -- there's no staggered start (runners are not grouped into waves) and there are plenty of walkers mixed in among the sprinters.  So, the serious runners are not going to set a Personal Record on this course.  But who cares?  You're dressed as Santa, you're surrounded by Santas (I mean the road is filled with people in red and white suits), and your registration fee is going to one  of the best charities in Vegas.I'm a big fan after running for 3 yrs in a row.  It's some easy cardio, some good spirit, and a well-run event.  Worth a try for anyone, no matter what shape you're in.
3	This was my first 5k.  It was fun to see the thousands of Santa's there and to be a part of the Guinness Book of World Records.  It would have been nice to separate those that are running the 5K and those walking the 5K.  I know it wasn't timed but with the thousands of people it would have been nice.  Also, I was shocked at how quickly the booths were taken down after the race was over.  Especially the food carts.
4	This was my first  year participating in the Santa Run and I have to say I had a blast. My girlfriend, her 7 year old nephew, and I  mostly walked the 5k. The 5k wound is allaround downtown past the new container park and the federal courthouse. The course was well marked with event workers standing at the intersections and corners. There were 2 water station one about half way and one at the end, which was nice.The parking map on the website was useless because you weren't able to zoom in to read the street names. That my only real complaint about the whole event. We were able to find parking in the Binions/California lot.  I had a great time and you will too if you decide to go next year.
5	9th annual Santa Run!!11,200 participants (record setting !!! go VEGAS!) and Shania Twain ?! There was no question that this was an awesome event. I'm so glad that I was able to make it out and witness this event. I had signed up years ago back in high school with my key club and wasn't able to make it. It was FREEZING cold !!! My fingers were so cold that my phone wasn't reading the taps from my fingers !! But regardless of how unbearable the weather may have been, I feel that it only added to how amazing it is that we were able to set the world record. Everyone also looked a lot jolly-er and "st. nick" like than they would have without all the layers of clothing. The holiday spirits were felt and a good event was put together. BRAVO!!
