4	I used to hang out here alot in my high school days, and when my wife and I were dating. I really like the place. It is a part of our community in avondale, people just like to chill here! The owners, and staff are all family. They are some really cool people, and like to get to know the people who walk in. I have become friends with a few of them.Now about the food.Most pizza places like this have a very different tasting pizza than your everyday Pizza Hut pizzas, but I really like the pizza here. It has a different taste I crave for sometimes but for the most part I mostly go to pizza hut. The wings are good but I've had better. Still good though! I think for the most part you should try it if you are around  town. I see some people LOVE this place, and some people who are like me and just come here when they crave that different taste.
2	We always order pizza from here.  It was the local pizza joint.  We loved the pizza and wings.  But something change on our last order.  We ordered the pizza for a UFC party at our house.  The pizzas were burnt.  We got the wrong pizza.  I am not sure if it was a one off mistake but they should have checked the bottom of the pizza for a QC check.  I could not believe it was black.  We did not know until someone told us about the burnt pizza.  It was too late to return, since everyone has already got slices and the fight was on.  =(   Maybe I will try it again when it is just us and hope it was a one off mistake.
4	I ordered from #1 Brother's to try it again.  They are back on their game.  The pizza was hot, cheese was melty, and it is just plain good.  So happy the last time was just an one off mistake.  Thank goodness.  My husband was about to ban us from this place.  Love the think pizza and crust.
4	I've tried a few other pizza joints in the Tolleson area. This one is a winner. Just a good all around pie. Eat here!
5	Good pizza and wings.  Customer service is amazing!!  Worth going back.
4	One of The Best pizzas we've had in AZ.  We r from E Coast & love r pizza.  We r frequent customers...mostly pizza
4	WOW, WOW!  The pizza is great, the wings are yum, and the cheese sticks are goodness.  I like the pizza because of the thin crust, melting cheese, and great taste.  Even when I get the pizza home, it is still HOT!  Support a local business!!  The staff is extra friendly!
5	One of my local pizza joints that I can eat every week. This place has a great pie, and crispy wings. If you eat there in the restaraunt the crust for the pizza crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The wings are also best eaten in the restaraunt. They have a great assortment of fried food as well.
4	We went tonight, thinking it might be kinda crowded, since it's Saturday.  It wasn't too busy...we went after 9pm.  The staff is really nice.We had pizza and wings.  The BBQ wings were smokin' when they got to our table, and were really tasty.  Crispy and tender at the same time, just how we like 'em!  The pizza was fresh and delicious.  The cheese was perfectly melted and the crust was flavorful.  We also enjoyed their ranch dressing, with both the wings and pizza (we like to dip the crust into it).Overall we really enjoyed our experience.  Next time, I wanna try either a sandwich or a dish.  But, tonight we were in a pizza mood.
4	I'm glad that there is a good pizza place close by to my new home. Javier picked up a large Supreme pizza and 2 dozen wings.Everything was delivicious. The wings had enough sauce and the perfect amount of spice. And the flavor on the dough on the pizza was tasty. Supreme had sausage, pepperoni, onion, bell pepper and mushrooms. The kids picked off most of the toppings but we enjoyed everything on the pizza. We even had leftovers for Saturday night dinner and the wings and pizza were just as good reheated. Will be picking up pizza again from here in the near future :)
5	We lived just around the corner from this place when it opened and would walk up their now and again with our kids for several years.  It's a nice family owned place.   Everyone there came to know us and always said hi when we stopped in or went by.  The pizza is great and I never had a problem.  Good lunch special and pretty good prices for pizzas so large.
5	Always friendly employees! The pizza is amazing, you will not be disappointed!
1	I won't get into the quality of the food or anything else after the experience I had the FIRST time I went here. I had just moved in to the neighborhood, right around the corner no less. It was the first place my family and I thought we would try in the area. We each ordered a slice of pepperoni and a soda. Their sodas come from a fountain but you don't get to fill it yourself. I get my soda and sip it. It's foul! Something is definitely wrong with their machine. It wasn't the normal issue that fountains have of distributing too much soda water in relation to the syrup. This was different. It was much worse. The soda had a strong chemical taste to it, and was not sweet. I go back to the counter and ask for another one, explaining that there was something seriously wrong with the one I got. The guy looks at me like I'm speaking Chinese and then asks me to wait while he gets his superior. He brings back the owner and I explain to her what is going on and ask for a replacement. She flat out says "No". I am taken aback. Confused, I think she must not understand the situation. I explain again. "No, I can't" is her response. I ask her to taste the soda, because the only explanation I can come up with is that she doesn't believe me. She refuses to taste it.I have never experienced anything like this in my life. First off, we all know that these sodas cost about 10 cents to the proprietor. That is why most restaurants let you fill your own. But what is really upsetting is that this goes beyond bad customer service. I did not receive a soda. That's how "off" it was. Yet I paid for it. I was ripped off, over a soda that costs them 10 cents. After eating my slice (I had already paid for it), I walked out of the place vowing never to return. It's too bad, as the pizza is decent and the place is only 2 minutes from my house.
2	So, my family and I had a long evening. We had some unexpected errands to run and needed a bite to eat. I didn't want to get fast food and I knew most pizza places make their pizza fresh. Upon entering Brothers I noticed they had 2-3 huge televisions, plenty of dining space, and beer on draft. My kind of place. They had a special for an XL pizza and 25 wings for $22. I ordered that plus drinks. I ordered a pint and a half of beer which was $5. While we wait for the pizza, I watched an NBA game. Our food came out hot and in a reasonable amount of time. The service was great. I kick myself for not taking a picture, but the wings looked sick. The sauce for the wings was great, but most of the wings were damaged goods. They were broken before they were cooked therefore they were filled with cooked blood which was GROSS. They were fried hard which was fine, but man, I had such a hard time getting past the BLOOD. At one point, I bit into a wing and was chewing bone because the bone for that wing broke into pieces prior to them cooking it. I am thinking they got this batch of wings off the back of an abandoned chicken truck or something. Even my kids did not want to eat the wings because they had dark spots on them. The pizza was okay. I will not be going back to this place because my two favorite menu items were not tasty. It stinks because the guys who served us were great. And they had other items on the menu such as pastas and calzones. But the pizza crust was hard to bite into. The sauce for the pizza was good though. Sorry, Brothers. Not a satisfied customer. I should have read the reviews before putting my car in park for this one.
1	Would give them a zero star but can't.  Pizza is at a two star,buffalo wings were okay. Service was a 2 out of 10, ten being the highest. Front desk guy was rude.. STAY AWAY..
5	It seems like Wednesday nights always end up crazy around our house.  #1 Brothers is our reprieve.  The staff is always friendly and they always get it right.  We are kind of peculiar about our orders and they never fail to please.Just wish they delivered.
4	They have been in our rotation of regular pizza stops for us for a couple years. I was disappointed in the past at the size of the wings, but the flavor was always pretty good. Just ordered last night for the first time in a couple months and was MORE than excited to see the new meaty wings. You guys just moved back up a couple notches in my book! Keep up the good work!Service by both people at the counter was friendly and helpful. The check in coupon was gladly accepted. $5 off. Heck yea!
1	I don't know how or why this place is rated so high. I've eaten at the other Brothers in Goodyear and mistakenly ordered from here. Cheap cheese and sauce out a can, not mention the ranch dressing resembled peppered milk.
2	I'm just in the area for the day... Showing some houses to some buyer clients and needed a place to stop for lunch between appointments. I ate too much. This Brother's is not as good as a similar place on Peoria... But it was decent. I would eat here again if driving by and in the mood for pizza. My Pepsi tasted fine. The girl who took my order was happy & pleasant. I got my soda topped off before I left and I got two sides of ranch at no charge... The only thing I was out off by was that I'm glad I didn't have to pay for the ranch because they were both half full which is why I needed two. If I had paid for them, I would have said something. I'm full, happy and ready for a nap... Oh! Need to show houses... I ordered the two slices of cheese and a Pepsi and my total was $4.38Um I went to the bathroom before leaving,.. The door didn't lock and toilet sprayed water (yes toilet water) at me and did not flush properly... Hopefully they get that fixed!
4	I've come here a million times for the pizza, which is awesome, but today I tried the baked ziti for the first time and it did not hold a candle to the pizza. There was something about the sauce that I personally did not like. Please take into consideration that I am a picky eater, so do not let this deter you from trying it yourself.The soda is nice and crisp. You can tell they clean the machines routinely, which is also awesome. There was also a woman behind the counter who I had never seen before. The two regular guys are nice, but this woman's constant smile and sunny disposition just makes your day automatically better. If you don't go for the food, go to see her and have a brighter day for doing so.
4	This place is my go to joint for pizza and wings. I always enjoy a good pint of beer while waiting for my order. The lady up front is very nice and always smiling. The food is good. Its a no non-sense straight forward old skool pizza, wings pasta place. Love this joint
2	We ordered a sausage pizza. It was not good. It seemed like they used some kind of breakfast sausage instead of regular Italian sausage. We won't be eating there again!
4	I just recently discovered this place, as it's just down the street from where I'm working in Avondale. I have twice ordered the #2 special (slice of pizza with a salad and drink) and was not disappointed. It tasted good and was cheaper than going to the under staffed and over crowded SUBWAY next door. The lady behind the counter is extremely polite and has allowed me free refills on my soda both times. This is my new lunch place. I love it.  See ya, SUBWAY!
5	We have been going here for years and their service is impeccable! The lovely lady is just so sweet and always has a smile on her face.
5	Probably the best pizza I have ever eaten, and this is my opinion and i have been to mang pizza and wings places. From my freshman year at la joya till now, i have been coming to this place for the past 7 years and i still plan on coming.Their Hawaiian with medium wings and their ranch is by far the best!
5	Honestly, it has been an extremely long time since I gad a good pizza. I live right around the corner from this place but have always chose to not go in for whatever reason. This review is long overdue, I have been to this place a few times now and I LOVE this place. Well, the pizza anyway, haven't tried anything else. Well, I did try the mild wings, which really didn't wow me at all. But the Sicilian Meat Lover's pizza rocked! Everyone who has any fondness of pizza needs to try this place out!
4	We've ordered from here a few times and it has always been pretty great. The pizzas are just the way they should be, nice flavorful crust, good quality cheese and sauce, and premium toppings. We've had a wide range of the pizza, and the only one I can say I didn't really like was the sausage, but I'm not a sausage kind of guy. The Hawaiian is one of the best around. This isn't fancy pizza, it's just good solid pizza done right. Coming from Philly I like my pizza a certain way and this place always delivers. The wings are great! I love the texture, and the sauce ranges from a nice mild to a pretty darn hot! No veggies with the wings, but that's cool. I've also had the Pepperoni Roll & Calzones, and they are delicious! The dough is hand tossed, everything is cooked to order, and everything tastes great! The prices are pretty reasonable. The only think I can really think that needs improvement is the booths are uncomfortably small, and they should really look into using tables and chairs, or at least offer some more. #1 Brothers is quickly becoming my go to wing spot in Avondale.
