2	My wife and I were excited to see an new restaurant pop up where the old Teakwoods once was and were hopeful that it would really be a competitor to Penascos.  My overall review of Plaza Bonita is that it is painfully average and incredibly underwhelming.  This is nothing more than an standard run of the mill Mexican restaurant. That would not be a bad thing if they really nailed the food; which they didn't.The first thing I noticed was that the chips and salsa that came out were sub par.  The chips were very thick and oily and the Salsa was completely liquid, no chunk of any kind save a few pieces of onion floating inside.  Mind you this was supposed to be garden salsa, which should be very chunky, not a chipotle that one would expect to be without chunk.  I ordered the Enchiladas Deluxe and when I asked if they could put Carne Asada inside instead of shredded beef.  I was told they had no Carne Asada, so I went with chicken...   Good thing I didn't go with my initial thought which was Carne Asada tacos.  When the plate arrived immediately I noticed that the refried beans were like puree so they were runny and I am fairly sure they were out of a can.  The rice was bland and again tasted like something seasoned with a pre-packaged seasoning mix.  The enchiladas were... enchiladas... but the tortillas were thick and spongy so they also didn't earn high marks.  Everyone else I was with had about the same impression with their meals.  The food wasn't terrible but it was just something you can get at any Mexican restaurant, both sit down and drive thru, and was not executed well.  I can go anywhere and get Mexican food so why would I choose to spend money at just another Mexican restaurant when I can choose Penascos, On the Border, Macayos, Blue Adobe Grill, etc?  All said in hindsight I would have rather taken my money to Fredricos and spent about 1/5 the price... Hell at least at Fredricos I know they are going to have Carne Asada.
2	I'm not sure where to start. I guess I had my hopes up because there are few good places to sit down and enjoy a meal here in Maricopa.    We went during their soft open, they officially open tomorrow. So I truly hope that they are able to pull through and elevate their food.   The chips were bland and their salsa was little more than tomato sauce with a couple of chunks of onion. I ordered the Tres Amigos which had chile rellano, chile verde, and chile Colorado. The pork was tough, but the verde sauce was nice. The chile Colorado was bland and even though the beef was tender, it lacked flavor. The chile rellano was ok. I did feel that the breading was too thick, but thankfully the cheese was tasty.  The refried beans reminded me of baby food. Pureed beans thinned with a bit of water. The rice was mediocre at best. My husband ordered the chicken enchiladas. He was unimpressed.    Our server was prompt, but I seriously think he was high. Cocaine is a hell of a drug I hear.  The wall decor is fun, though the elk head leftover from when the space was Teakwood's was a bit odd. :)
3	Just alright... I'm not a hater;Chips were good, but, the "salsa" was a bit more like "taco sauce".Frijoles were runny, rice was okay.Chicken taco and chili relleno were the best things our small group tried enchiladas, shredded beef burritos and so on. All getting a taste.Being from SoCal, my Mexican food "bar" is higher than most. My work travels thru New Mexico and Arizona have just added to my palate.Owner advise; As the Teakwoods before it's problem (GET A WATER FILTER!) the water taste like it came from a garden hose, it trully  does effect anything you make with that crappy water, both food and beverages.BTW- Be careful, the skim coat on the concrete is slick! My wife almost ate it.
2	So my wife and I decided to grab something to eat and I want to say that the place it's really nicely laid out except the weird bulk head on the wall. The food was very mediocre at best and the service was so so.
2	We had eaten there two times so far, the food is great... The Hostess was good, very nice, the waiter, Edgar,  different story, he made us feel like we were bothering him for coming in, he was bothered when my 9 year old son wanted corn dogs, that wasn't on the menu, but he just asked, he Edgar just stood there with an awkward silence,  and made a comment in spanish, with The word Gringo in the comment. He also refilled my drink with out asking me and ignored the fact that my wife's glass was empty. .. what a shame this place had great food but piss poor service.
4	Pretty good food and good service, despite it being busy when we were there. We will be back!
2	Terrible deep fried ice cream. Diet taco salad was pretty good. The fajita burrito on the menu neglects to warn you about the beans rice onions and peppers. My mother in law said it was OK but nothing spectacular. I might come back for a drink at the bar and for the Chips and salsa but for the food most likely not.
1	Oh boy.The first thing I noticed was that my menu was kind of gross. There was salsa squished inside of it. Yuck.Secondly, the plates were BURNING hot. You could not touch them, and they were so big that they didn't fit on the table and we had to burn our hands moving the plates to make room. That was only a small issue, although it did give us the impression that they were just putting the food on the plates and putting them in a microwave...Thirdly, the food was not good. Rice was dry, shrimp was wayyyy overcooked and just overall, it was horrible. Not to mention that my plate was not cleaned properly whatsoever. The corn tortillas were also the kind you buy from the store. I have the same kind in my fridge. However, everyone lost their appetite officially once a customer behind us began to complain.There was a huge hair wrapped in her food -- and it took a while for the waiter (who spoke no English) to give her another plate.We complained as well about our food and my dirty plate, and he didn't understand anything, but thankfully he did understand to take it off of our check.(Also, I wanted to mention that the chips are simply taken out of some weird file cabinet-looking drawer and put a bowl... I could see them do that from where I was.)Don't go here. It's just not worth it.UPDATE: My sister and father both had gross diarrhea today -- my dad's started last night a couple hours after dinner. That does it, guys -- don't go. Don't risk food poisoning or upsetting your stomach in any way.
1	Went there for the first time today and was not satisfied. Margaritas are the size of a kids drink and the food tasted pretty bad. Once again tried another Arizona Mexican restaurant and was disappointed.
5	High marks in all categories. Great experiences each visit. Great prices and service overall.
