4	Love this place! The instructors are great and the classes are so much fun!
5	I signed up for the LivingSocial deal offered through Abby Bella as part of a New Years resolution to be more active, and attended my first class last night.  It was aweseme!  The class was called "stretch and tone" (both things that are hugely necessary for me), and the majority of the class was done at the ballet bar.  So fun!  The instructor was awesome, and took time to go around and adjust everyone's postures and positioning to make sure it was done correctly.  Before I knew it, the hour was over, and I am super excited to go again.  The other classes offered are also extremely appealing.  Think Zumba, Yoga, Pilates, Cardio Striptease, Bombshell Burlesque, and Hip Hop - among others.  I signed up for their 30 day challenge (I must attend one class a day for 25 of the 30 days), and with so many classes to choose from it will be difficult to even repeat one anytime soon!  Looking forward to seeing what the rest of the classes have to offer, but if my first experience is an indicator, I think it's going to be amazing!!
5	Well I am FIRMLY sticking to my 5 star review!  After attending two more classes at Abby Bella (Cardio Striptease and Bella Barre), I am hooked!  This place has amazing classes that are suited for every fitness level.  The instructors are all enthusiastic and fun, and everyone has been so welcoming in each class, I feel like I've been going there forever!!  I'll be seeing them again tonight at Zumba!
4	The classes here draw high attendance, the instructors are generally very good and there are lots of choices on the schedule from AM to PM.They offer one month of unlimited classes for first time membership at $50, and if you're a student you get this rate every month! That's my favorite part.I prefer the open space at the Arcadia location to the Scottsdale location; Scottsdale has two studios, both oddly shaped. It makes movement awkward at times.I do love their adult class philosophy!
4	Zumba was so fun here! I was smiling the whole entire class and also worked up a good sweat.  I love that Abby Bella does the $15 drop in-rate, for you to take as many classes as you want in one day without having to sign up.  Zumba Zumba!
4	So I had bought a Living Social deal for a month of unlimited classes here, and decided to challenge myself to a month of going and working out 6 days a week this past December (I know, late review). This location was really great. I really loved the Zumba here, they used good music and it was nothing like the Zumba I had taken when I lived in Seattle, nor was it like the Zumba at ASU. It is much better. I liked the morning classes with Theresa and the Tuesday and Thursday night Zumba (man, what was the teacher's name... I don't think he's there anymore cuz he's not on the schedule but he was great, Jaime, the guy who teaches it now, is also really good. I also really like the cardio dance class which is cool because it is very different depending on the instructor, for example, if Ross was teaching it, it was more ballet oriented, but if Theresa was teaching it, it had more latin influence. I wasn't a huge fan of bella barre (but maybe that's just because I'm too out of shape to handle it) and I also don't like that they don't really offer midday classes (So I'm a graduate student and all of my classes are at night and clinic is in the morning, so midday would be ideal for me, even though that is not often the case for most people, and I understand that). Finally, I felt that this location was a lot better than the Scottsdale location. It felt more homey and more friendly and the regulars felt like they were more down to earth type people. I always preferred this location. I am just sad that I can't afford to go to this place all the time, as it gets to be quite pricey, but if they had another deal, I would definitely buy it.
5	Love this place, exactly what I have been looking for!! I have taken a number of different classes and I am hooked. I'm in my 30's and was looking for a dance studio that was not to serious, but provides a good workout (no recitals). This is a great place to get some exercise and have fun doing it!
