3	Berri is the newest addition to the Champaign frozen yogurt scene. I was exciting about this place because I feel like Cocomero is a little bit too expensive for what you get (mediocre froyo). Berri promotes itself as a "modern" place to get froyo. The interior tries really hard to look modern with all the lighting and "hip" chairs. It really has an Asian/Korean-modern feel if you know what I'm talking, but oh well let's talk about the froyo. The guy who helped me was very nice which was a surprise because I read bad reviews about Berri's service at their Indiana University location. Their special was a dollar for a small (it's usually $2 plus 50 cents for each topping). I thought the vanilla (original) froyo tasted extremely bland. I like the pomegranate more, but it's still nothing compared to red mango, but maybe I'm being picky here. I only saw original, mango (very bland as well), and pomegranate flavor but according to their website they also have green tea which is my favorite. I might go there again just to try the green tea flavor. The bottom line: go to berri if you want slightly cheaper froyo than Cocomero with fewer selections.
3	I've been to berri a couple of times now, mainly for the super cheap, guilt-free $1 small froyo. I do have a feeling that this place isn't going to last very long unless it starts to differentiate itself. The past couple of times I was there, there're only 3 flavors. I didn't like the mango and the vanilla, so I always get the pomegranate. They need to add more flavors and make sure that each flavor is good. The one reason why I'm not a huge fan of cocomero is because I feel like there're too many flavors to choose from and no one flavor is amazing. Berri should take the Red Mango route and stick with a couple of solid flavors and market itself as a more premium alternative to the self-serve cocomero. oh, and also, make green tea one of your flavors!
2	If you don't mind the sour yogurt flavor, as opposed to sweeter fro-yo around the block, this place isn't bad. I had the small size green tea flavor and was happy I didn't order a larger size.  The green tea flavor pops but the after taste is like a carton of plain yogurt, a bit sour and kinda creamy.  I think the strawberry flavor would have been a better choice... All in all I have had better.
5	To premise my review I've been to Beri many times and with many different people. My friends and I are shocked by the low reviews this establishment receives. In my opinion here are the highlights of this place:Delicious (not overly sweet) Frozen YogurtMany Toppings to chooseFriendly Staff$1 small to satisfy the craving (cash only for the small)Punch cardsFriendly StaffPoppingsThe first topping that caught my eye that set this place apart from the rest are the "poppings". These are similar to tapioca / bubble tea balls / boba except they are flavored (mango, passion fruit, etc) juice surrounded with a thin coating. These things POP in your mouth. They are great, everyone should try them out. They offer many different flavors of frozen yogurt (~roughly 5-6: green tea, pomegranate, plain, strawberry, taro, and some others)Final note, everyone but one person that I've brought here enjoys this place.
5	Man, I am glad this place lasted out the semester and I got to try it.  I've been a few times and have been very pleased each one.  The comparisons to Cocomeru are inevitable, so let's get on with it.  Personally, I prefer Beri for a few reasons.The first time I was there, they gave us as many samples of the flavors as we wanted.  Since then, they have added numerous new and interesting flavors like litchi and taro.  I thought the green tea flavor was a little too subtle, but I really like the pineapple and litchi.  The yogurt actually tastes like yogurt, which I like a lot.  I sometimes eat plain yogurt for lunch, so a little sourness is not a deal-breaker for me.  I like the sour hint and the more subtle flavors.And the toppings are nice, too.  They don't have the topping bar quite like Cocomeru, but I found that a lot of the toppings at Cocomeru didn't really fit with the flavored yogurts.  Here, most of the toppings are fruit based and go pretty well with the yogurts.  You get three toppings with your yogurt, so you might as well try some.Of special note are the fruit poppings.  They are little spheres filled with flavored fruit goo and a thin outer coating that pops when you bite into them.  I love them.  They are amazing.  They are the best part, though the yogurt's not bad at all.  I have considered getting an extra cup for just poppings.  (I will admit that not everyone I've gone with likes them as much as me, but they're just fun to eat.  The bright colors sort of look like fish eggs.)The medium size is just right for a filling afternoon snack and the $1 small is a guilt-free little treat.The anime and game figures in the walls are sort of an odd touch.  The decor in general is unusual, but not really distracting.    I'll probably be filling up a few cards there this summer.  For more poppings.
4	I'm only a fan because I pass by here atleast 4 times a day to get to and from class. The $1 small froyo sign gets me...EVERY time. Lucky for me, they have punch cards to reward me every 10 or so times I go. Don't go here to satisfy late night (past 7pm-ish) cravings. The 'toppings,' especially mochi, get really hard and dry. I'm not sure what the craze is about 'poppings.' I avoid them like the plague. After they pop, the outer skin feels like...latex...in your mouth. Uh, no thanks.
4	Small froyo for $1 + student budget = good as it gets! Do the math.Pros-cool interior (i like how the family of solar powered figurines greets you)-tasty froyo-punch cards-friendly staffCons: -I wished the moochi wasn't so dry.-Not really customizable because employee puts the toppings for you
4	This place is a pretty good deal. $1 for a small cup of froyo. They have punch cards too so that's a plus. The interior is really modern. I like how there are a wall of asian solar trinkets as you walk in. This place is pretty small and there are less topping and flavor choices compared to cocomero. Additionally, the staff is in charge of putting the toppings on so you don't have the chance to add more toppings/customization. I got the mango froyo here with the lychee poppings, which I found so interesting. Basically, like lychee juice encased in a ball. Pretty cool place.
5	The service/quality of the frozen yogurt portion of the store has vastly improved since the new(?) Korean owners. As of this summer, Beri has transformed into a Korean restaurant as well (think Spoon House)! The location is apparently now Beri/Roll Model with Roll Model specializing in a variety of kimbap. With a price of about $4-5, it's a good place to stop by during lunch and grab something quick to eat. That said, they also have other Korean staples like bulgogi, bibimbap, and more. The price is also quite reasonable and perhaps a dollar or two lower than usual.We were a little hesitant at first to try Korean food at a frozen yogurt place, but we were pleasantly surprised! We ordered the $4.99 bibimbap special and a bulgogi deopbap for $6.99/7.99. They were served in truly massive bowls and the portions were generous. In terms of taste, it was comparable to other Korean restaurants on campus. It's definitely worth a visit - especially since you can get dessert in the same location!
5	I love coming down here for the ASIAN style frozen yogurt. Like Red Mango the yogurt it just tangy and refreshing, and you can order delicious little bubbly fruit bits called "popping" as a topping. It's not too sweet and is a refreshing dessert. They have recently added kimbap, bibimbap, and bulgogi to the menu. I am eager to go for dinner and frozen yogurt. Prices are reasonable too and it's always very clean. New owners are very nice too.***Update. Tried the Korean good here, and ironically, this Frozen Yogurt restaurant serves the most decent Korean food in town. They serve kimbap, bulgogi dupbap, and bulgogi bibimbap. Very simple fare, but it's delicious and hearty. They do not skimp on the meat or condiments The kimbap is twice as big as normal. Love the food. And I also take a small cup of strawberry frozen yogurt to go. Best Korean place hands down.
5	Roll Model has become my favorite on campus treats!  The kimbap are authentic, tasty, and healthy--the green-tea yoghurt is splendid.  These guys even speak Russian well.I haven't had kimbap as good since I ate at a tiny, unnamed, Kazakh buffet under a creepy Russian nightclub in Itaewon.  Beri.  You bring back the memories.  Thanks! :-D
5	The new "Roll Model" reminds me of the old "Beri", but don't get mixed up as the new place is nothing comparable to the old one (in a good way). Roll Model sells Kimbab (Laver Roll), other Korean dishes, and frozen yogurt. I'm not aware of any place that offers authentic Kimbab other than Roll Model. The frozen yogurts are also very good and cheaper than Cocomero. I ca'nt say much about the other menus as I haven't tried them, but I'd definitely recommend Kimbab and Froyos.
5	I love the kimbap and the froyo here! It's nice that they have a cute sweet and salty combo with authentic Korean food alongside icy cold froyo. If you eat in, you get free miso soup! Just a cup, but it tastes delicious (albeit salty, of course). The food is quick, cheap and lovingly served. The shop itself is kind of like stepping into an Asian toy store with a bunch of window stickers and such, but still cute. I love their green tea, tart froyo or taro froyo with yogurt chips and blackberries (when they have them). Yum.
