4	Taps had it's soft opening last night for its 2nd location at Park West.  The place was absolutely packed!  But thankfully not so much that I couldn't find a seat.  They had a great live band playing and the food was really good.  I had the MacBites (fried macaroni & cheese balls with a sweet cheese sauce on the side) to start, followed by the Beet & Mozzarella salad which also had blueberries in it.  I never would've thought to eat beets and blueberries together but it was a great combination.  Then I had their CapreTasty Tart, which was chicken and pesto sauce in a yummy baked crust with some really good sauce on top.  It was really good!  I also tried my friend's vegetarian tart, the Kahlua Mushroom and it was very tasty!  Last but not least we finished it off with a huge skillet chocolate chip cookie with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and chocolate and caramel sauces.  So yummy!!
5	Just had lunch at Taps Bar in Peoria at Park West. They just opened and I had been meaning to stop in to try them out. I drove by and noticed they had a special for $5.99 soup and Salad so I decided to stop. I actually ended up having the TAPS burger and I must say this is one of the best Burgers I have ever tasted in my life!! No Joke. I ordered the burger medium. When it came out it was cooked to perfection. It came topped with grilled peppers and Caramelized Red Onions with a special sauce. The fries were also perfectly crispy with just the right amount of salt. The waitress was very quick to help me and made sure to check on me throughout the meal. There was no wait at all which was awesome since I was on my lunch break and only had 30 minutes. Ambiance was great and they had a awesome wine cave that I might like to reserve for a nice date with my wife. They won a patron for life with me and I look forward to making this my regular hang out.
1	I don't even know what to say.  We never got to eat because the service was so horrible.  The two girls on the floor were more interested in twirling their hair and chatting with another girl (obviously an out of uniform co-worker) than taking care of guests.  The dining room was dirty and tables were in disarray.  When they finally greeted us, they said "hey guys, no food but drinks are available."  When I asked what time they stopped serving she said "10, but if it's slow we quit making food".  Slow?  On a Saturday night?  At 9:30?  Ok, whatever.
5	I've eaten here a couple of times, and have always enjoyed the experience.  They have great happy hour prices and the food on the menu is delightful!
4	Ate here for the first time tonight. The place was pretty full but there were only 3 waitresses working. They were hustling though. We were seated quickly and our waitress was quick with the drinks and refills. Food was good and I had a Groupon so that helped with the bill. My only complaint is that the music was playing instead of the baseball game. Would have preferred to hear the game since it is the playoffs.
2	What a terrible place! The vibe at the Park West location is nothing like the one in Litchfield Park. It is a cheap, unbranded knock off, wanna-be Hooters. We went early, around 7:30 on the Saturday before Halloween. All of the waitresses were dressed in "costume." There was Provocative Prostitute, Provocative Cat, and Provocative I'm not sure but I think also Prostitute. I'm no prude by any means but there should still be a reasonable level of professionalism in a bar/restaurant located in the 'burbs early in the evening. The service was extremely slow and our waitress was inattentive. I will say she was very nice but clearly not hired not for her service experience. There was also a table in the back of shrieking children who apparently belonged to one of the  gentlemen working behind the bar (possibly manager?) either that or the Provocative Geisha was letting a stranger discipline her children. The music was so loud my husband and I had to scream louder than those shrieking kids to communicate with each other. Eventually we just stopped trying to talk and played with our phones. Not exactly how I wanted to spend the evening with my Honey. I am giving it 2 stars because the food was really good. My hubby likes his wings super crispy and he got just that and man were they tasty! I had one of the tarts and, it too, was delicious. The second star is for the music. Although ridiculously loud, the live music duo playing in the corner was talented and we enjoyed listening to them. I was also pretty shocked and dismayed by their draft beer selection. It was pretty basic for a placed called Taps. I would have assumed an extensive craft beer menu but the reality was that it had a couple of San Tan varieties and several other beers that you can find just about anywhere. A couple other things to notate were that there were no salt and pepper shakers on the table, we didn't get silverware or napkins until after our food was brought to the table, and there was clearly no seating chart or defined sections for the servers because they were squabbling over who was going to take our table. The whole experience made me feel like I was on a taping of Restaurant Undercover.
5	Drum roll please?....  Taps Signature Cuisine & Bar is one of the best kept secrets on the west side!  From the $1.98 Taps 99 homebrews, to the sophisticated interior and exemplary service, I am a bit concerned that I will have to wait outside in a line with one of those lame buzzers one day.  Until then, I'm glad to be able to skip the wait, especially on a Saturday night.The food is very good.  They have some signature "tarts" which are basically like a Calazone and/ or a classy pot pie.  I had the Mediterranean-style tart and it was nothing short of being awesome.  Inside the buttery pastry, I uncovered fresh chicken, aromatic basil, and sweet tomatoes in a rich sauce.  The waitress probably came by the table to check-up at least a dozen times and was extremely cordial.  Again, "$1.98 Taps 99 homebrews" is not a typo.  I think that it tastes great, especially with an orange in it.  On Saturdays, they apparently have some live musicians as well.  I attached a picture of the musicians on the night that I was there.  For some white guys, they were pretty good at the whole reggae thing.  I closed my eyes and felt like I was almost back in the Caribbean for a moment.They also have a happy hour from Monday through Friday where the homebrew is only 99 cents for each pint.  So, be careful- Taps is so good and tempting that it will almost force you to exercise some self-control!
2	My wife and I almost always head in the direction of Bell Road for lunch or dinner. Today I decided to head west and south. Saw Taps they were new to this shopping center. Taps looks like a sports bar when you enter. Only thing there appears to be only 2 TVs or at least where we were sitting I could only see two both above the bar. The decor is appealing, fresh, lots of light coming in from outside. We were seated and very soon offered drinks. When the drinks came to the table we had both decided on their special.  Soup and Salad. With this you get a tomato soup, as much as you want and a choice of several salads again as much as you want. Not sure why but lately I have had a hard time getting soup that is hot. The soup came out at somewhere well below the state required 130 degrees. We sent it back asking to warm it up. We got it back it was warmer but still not hot. My wife's salad came out with her soup my salad came out a little later. I got the wedge. My soup and salad was very good. My wife also liked her meal. So the food gets a 4.The service was very slow. It took over 15 min to get the first of our meal to the table. I did order a second different salad as well as did my wife. This also took about 15 min to bring to the table. For what was going to be a quick lunch we were there about an hour. There was only 5 other tables in the place with people at them so the reason for being slow was not that it was crowded. The plates bowles they used to serve the food in is extremely small. By the time you had eaten you salad it was all over the table. It is impossible to keep in the small bowel it is served in. If you put the same amount of feed in a larger bowel it would be much better. The food was good, the service was not so good. Soup needs to be hot not warm.Enjoy
1	I'm torn about this location. I want to like it. I really, really do. But it seems that every other time I go in to Taps, I have a really bad experience.The food is okay. I love food and I'm able to find quite a few things on the menu that I want to eat. And I really love their beer battered fries in their smokey cheddar cheese sauce. They rock. However, the price of the food is about $2 more than I'd like to pay for that style of food. It's nothing special, so I'm surprised about the "special" prices.Additionally, the service leaves a lot to be desired. One time I had good service there. The other times I was ignored by bartenders and servers alike, even though they were all standing behind the bar chatting, with no other customers in the restaurant. The last time I went to this restaurant, I saw two bartenders and a server behind the bar, two other servers working the outside patio, and one server working the main floor indoors. And since I was sitting indoors, this meant I got no service for 7 minutes while I was told to "grab a seat wherever [I'd] like." And then when the server did arrive, she just dropped off menus and walked away, without taking my drink order. We got up and left soon after that. I wonder if they even noticed we were gone. Each server seems to have an attitude problem as well, which doesn't bode well for quality service, and it definitely won't get them a quality tip.Also, the vibe is seriously weird. It conflicts with itself in too many ways. The name "Taps" seems to portray a beer bar, probably with many craft beers on tap, right? Wrong. They've got about 12 or so. They also have a bizarre "wine bar" area in the back, which people can rent out  for wine tasting parties. But their wine selection isn't that good. Also, wine doesn't flow from a tap, so I'm not sure how that all fits in. Their waitresses wear awful tennis-style uniforms with their bottoms and their tops hanging out, which would almost make sense in a sports bar. However, this place isn't set up like a sports bar in the slightest. They also sometimes have live musicians play on weekends, which is a nice thought, but the set up is so acoustically-challenged that the music is much too loud and diners can't enjoy their meals with their meal companions.All in all, I can't imagine that I'll be going back to this bar again. There are too many things about it that give me the creeps, including the fact that the owner is a slimeball who pats people on the butts and walks around without shoes on. Seriously.
4	I've eaten and drank here several times.  The pizza is very good (have had both the pepperoni [on happy hour special] and the Five or Six Cheese [not on special but awesome]).  The food has been very good and the drinks are served right on time by an excellent wait staff.I've mentioned both the owner and two bartenders that they should get a bottle of Compari.  IF they do that, they'll earn their fifth star.
5	I really enjoy Taps not only for the food, but for the entertainment as well. I don't know of many places to go in the West Valley that can offer this mix. My favorite entree is the Thai Green Curry Chicken ordered up extra spicy.  They have a nice selection of wines and craft beers as well. The live entertainment is what I like best of all. They mix it up with different bands and even a DJ if you're in the mood for dancing.
1	The food is ok, nothing spectacular. I did like the wings however; I will never return. The service was awful! Rude wait staff is completely unacceptable!!! Even if the food had been phenomenal ( which it wasn't ), with horrible service I would never return. Boo Taps! Your staff sucks! We walked in and were practically scowled at. The waitress looked annoyed to answer any of our questions and take our order. It is not like she was busy, there was only one other table with two people at it. And, to top it all off she practically threw my change on the table after paying the bill. If you like piss poor service, Taps is the place for you!
5	We go to lunch at least once a week at a different restaurant and use lots of Groupons, Deal Chicken, Living Social deals, etc.  Taps had the best food we have had since moving to Phoenix almost two years ago.  I had the Philadelphia Tart and my wife had the baked talapia sandwich.  I went ahead and got the house salad ($2.50) while I waited for the tart to be cooked (the menu indicated a wait of possible 15 minutes for the tart put it came in around 10 min. and well worth the wait).  I expected it to be a small bowl of head lettuce but was I surprised at the size of the salad and the different greens, cherry tomatoes, nice big chunks of great bacon, etc.  I should have just left it at the salad but here came the tort which was excellent with one cup of smoky cheddar cheese sauce and another cup of beef wine beef gavy. The dough was light and flaky and the wife's chibata roll was not a big gob of bread as many are and did not over power the delicious sandwich fixings.  I could not believe the selection of tarts they offered and am excited about going back and trying some of the others.  The waitress was nice and efficient and the place itself (including the bathroom) was first rate and spotless.  Can you tell I liked the place??  Very impressed and will return soon!!
3	This place was pretty good. It is not my favorite place but I am glad I checked it out. We went here for a late lunch on a Thursday with a groupon. They did not have enough staff for how many people were there, and we didn't see our waitress that much, and it took her a while to get around to us. It wasn't her fault, she was very nice but just too busy. Anyways, maybe we ordered wrong but we ended up with really heavy meals. Even all the kids meals were pretty heavy and fried. No healthy options for the kiddos. I felt kind of bad giving my baby fried mac and cheese with potato chips. I had a portobello sandwich and it was good. My mom had one of the baked dishes, and she said it was ok, very heavy and the pastry itself wasn't her favorite. I am glad we had the groupon because everything was kind of expensive. I think my sandwich was 12 or 13 dollars which is a little much. We still had to pay a little out of pockets for 2 meals and a kids meal.Would I go back? I think it would be a fun place to have some beers and snacks with my husband and friends, but not great for lunch with mom and the baby.
1	Horrible service...and quite a dump considering the outside looked nice.  And, the loud country music was NOT a plus either.  A friend met us there and was there about 15 minutes before us and wasn't even acknowledged as she sat there alone.  We were all extremely disappointed as they did NOT HONOR our groupon for wine tasting/cheese plate!  We had called that morning and was told that no reservations were needed (I could see why after walking in...it was dead on Saturday night...maybe 8 people in the entire place).  So, we show up and the waitress (a complete dingbat!) had no clue and said she had to ask the (LAZY) kitchen if "they had what was required".  REALLY?!?How hard is it to open a couple bottles of wine and cut up some cheese??  The waitress came back and said that "since we didn't have reservations, they didn't have what was needed".  SERIOUSLY?!?  WOW!  So, naturally, we asked to see the manager and he/she was conveniently "running errand" (this was at 8:30 at night).  So, PLEASE do NOT go to this place.  This place shouldn't be allowed to be open if they are going to hire such idiots!!!
4	Stopped by for lunch on a shopping trip. The prime dip was excellent. I can still taste it now and I'm writing this review weeks after.  This is a great place to grab a beer before a movie or dinner before a movie. Can't wait to try something else on the menu. One more tidbit: The music playing here was excellent, I heard around 5 songs in a row that were great and I'm not talking only top 20 hits, these were everything from alternative to popular music. Anyways, I can't remember the last time I heard two good songs in a row that I loved or even recognized at any restaurant much less 5 extraordinary songs that you recognize and love. It's like the restaurant was luring me in slowly with great food and music.  Can't wait to come back!
5	Had my wife's 30th birthday party at TAPS. Never had been there before, and my wife and I loved it. Thanks Dave and Jamie!
4	so believe it or not i went here 3 times before i ordered anything. FIRST TIME: it was a friday night. it was busy and even though we were acknowledge, no one ever came to take at least a drink order, so we left. SECOND TIME: wednesay night 10 pm kitchen closed but bar open until 2am, no indication anywhere on line or on location of kitchen hours. THIRD TIME AND LAST ATTEMPT: thursday 2pm, finally ordered something, we got Leinenkugels to drink($4 not on happy hour, awesome) we got wings, beer and medium, loved them both, i got the hamburger(delicious and worth the prize, with awesome fries) my wife got the pesto chicken sandwich which she enjoyed.service was pretty good, previous times not so good. (ive been to the litchfield location, one of the worst service i had) it would of been 5 stars if my firt impression would of been like my third. thanks to the awesome food and prices i will be back.
1	This place has to have the worst service of any bar that I have been too.  My wife and I went back 4 times because the food was just that good and we had hoped that the service issues where just a fluke.  After the 4th bad experience with the service we are done with this place, which is unfortunate because we really wanted to keep going back for the food.  Between the very slow service, inattentive staff and lack of a good attitude I rather go somewhere else where I actually enjoy the atmosphere.  We even went here one night that they were having a party and saw the servers hanging out at the party with, what appeared to be, their friends and colleagues and ignoring the customers.  If they can get a good manager in this place it may survive but after 2 months and 4 visits I haven't seen any change.
1	This restaurant is one of the worst bars I have been to. My drink was empty the entire meal and the server never paid any attention to our table and instead was chatting with her co-workers in the bar displease with the service that was displayed before we even got  the appetizer. We dicided to leave however we waited around over 25 min to get the check. I will never go here again.
2	After coming to Taps a few times and enjoying the experience, I decided to purchase a Groupon for a wine and cheese tasting for 4 people for $89.Even though the Groupon ad didn't specify it, the restaurant representative insisted that the Groupon could only be used on a weekday during lunch time (due to the claim that they are too busy on the weekends- which I know is not true from experience).  If the Groupon would have specified that, I would have never bought it.  Who would?  I spent over 3 total months between getting permission from the manager to have the event on a Friday evening and waiting for the unresponsive representative to respond and schedule the event.  After 3 months of trying to schedule the event, I was finally able to schedule it for my birthday!!!My group of 4 people took a taxi there on my birthday and the bartender (who was in charge at the time) stated that the person who scheduled the event did not order the supplies.  Knowing that they have food in the back and plenty of wine bottles on the wine shelves, I attempted to plead with the bartender to make something work, to which she finally agreed.  I had to inform the waitress on the correct order of the wines and she brought out pork even though I requested for there not to be any pork.  Although we made the best of the situation and enjoyed the wine and food, it was not the experience that I paid for and it permanently tainted my interest in Taps.  On a bright note, they have some live music and cheap homebrews ($1.98 or 99 cents during happy hour), but the service consistently sucks.  I may come here for a couple cheap beers after Toby Keiths in the future, but that's about it.  Unless they make some serious changes, their lack of customer service and advertising will probably lead them down a long road towards closure.
5	Great atmosphere, crowd and music! Food has always been quite a bit better than most bars. Even the salad was great. Wonderful staff and great service. Will definitely be back. Perfect spot for happy hour with co-workers on the outdoor patio. Advise..fire up the outdoor smoker/bbq's!
4	I've only come in here to drink before watching movie at Harkins. The drinks have always been good and the staff has always been friendly. I did have to find my waitress a couple time to get my bill so I wouldn't be late for my movie, but it's no big deal.
5	Family and I lucked upon this casual gem our first night on vacation. Happy hour till 7, jukebox, sports, great food and perfect service.
4	Really a place that's hiding in plain sight!! Got an invite to join a few friends of mine to Taps. At first had no idea about the crowd ir scene. Very welcoming and great bar setting. I was really surprised by theway big selection of craft brews, which is perfect because I am a craft beer fanatic! Their menu was very diverse, lots of different options. I went with their monday all day special of .75 cent wings. Great choice because I ordered 12 wings of all different sauces. Best part was my beer tab... only 7 bucks!!! Taps has definitely become a stop for monday night football!
4	Saying goodbye to a friend who is moving across the country is never easy.  But...when you surround yourself with friends, drinks, food, and laughs...it lessens the heartache.This place has a GREAT happy hour and the server did an amazing job accommodating our large and crazy party with separate checks and all!Beer is cold, shots are chilled, and the food is yummy!
4	==================== UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP=================Right off I should known something was different. On their website it says "Taps is a chef-driven restaurant and bar that specializes in a friendly neighborhood approach to hospitality; from-scratch signature and creative cuisine". Looking at the menu all I saw was normal everyday bar food being offered, My wife & I came here today because we had a gift card. I mentioned I had a gift card to our server Page and she explained the bar is under new ownership and they are not taking the gift cards anymore.Because we were hungry we decided to stay. Page was very attentive and brought us our drinks right away. She gave us ample time to peruse the menu and we both finally decided on a burger..I asked that my burger to be cooked medium. My wife wanted her's medium rare. Both burger were brought to us well done. That being said before I sent it back I decided to try it. Like I said I was hungry. The burger actually tasted very good despite it being well done. It was thick, appetizing and juicy. My wife thought the same thing so we kept the burgers. There was an odd flavor to both burgers we couldn't figure out. All I can say it was interesting.    --------------------------------------- OMG the fries   ---------------------------------------One thing that is worth mentioning is their fries. I don't know about you but I love McDonalds fries. Normally restaurants don't even come close to their fries. Well Taps had fries that matched the look, taste and flavor as close to McDonalds that I have ever experienced. AMAZING!!   ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  FOOD: The food is exactly what you would expect from bar.  SERVICE: Our waitress Page was friendly, professional and attentive. PRICE: The price  for the quality of food you receive is spot on.  AMBIANCE: Modern looking sports bar. They have a wine bar in the back (probably left from the previous owner). CONCLUSION: I think its a great little bar if you want to drink, mingle, or watch sports. RETURN FACTOR 100%.       ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
2	Me and my husband ate there on January 4th around 7pm we ordered the pizza bread and it was cold the cheese was not melted and then I ordered the prime rib dip, the au jus was more like watered olive oil and tasted horrible. My husband ordered the blu burger and the patty fell apart in pieces and it was very very rare when my husband ordered it well. As a fellow server and manager of the restaurant business the food we got would make us not want to return please make sure you're kitchen staff pays more attention to the food it's 85 percent of the experience. The first time we went there it was so good even though we had to wait and hour because the poor bar tender was the only one tending to the restaurant since your server called in sick.
1	have a $100 gift card and can't use it. no refund no service.  great passive aggressive signs posted outside " no service after midnight go in so we can serve you". what a joke!  hope your new owners didn't waste that much money on that place.  we used to go about once a month for date night and loved the fish n chips.  since they won't accept the gift card that was paid for they pretty much are stealing form us!!!!  I understand poor service, bad food, a dirty restaurant or even poor management but will not tolerate you stealing from your guests!  bad move guys bad move!
3	Woodchuck Raspberry Cider on tap! It is great in a bottle but the levels of deliciousness rise to epic proportions on draft. My dad and I just wanted to catch a little bit of whatever game was going on...ok, so it was just my dad who cared about the game. We shared a $5 personal pizza that was a happy hour special...it was extremely cheesy. We also had a few local IPAs which were good. I think the craft beers win out over the food. Nice atmosphere and good service.
4	The bruschetta was great! Beers were super reasonably priced! And our server was super friendly, we will be back for sure.
4	Awesome bartenders!  Great prices on beer (especially during happy hour)!  My only complaint was that the chicken tender portion seemed more like an appetizer rather than an entree and it didn't come with a dipping sauce - barbecue or ranch would have made them much better!  Definitely will be back here!  It's great to have a neighborhood bar hangout again!
2	We went here on a friday night and none of us were impressed. A friend and I both ordered beers and the glasses tasted very strongly of dish soap. The food was hit or miss for everyone. Some dishes were decent and others were pretty bad. Service was ok. Maybe we got them on an off night so we may try one more time.
1	Horrible! Used to like this place but obviously since ownership changed so did the cook! Had beer wings which were pretty good similar to what they had before! That's what gave the 1 star! Service was horrible! Plates were dirty! We ordered fish & chips was great before...NOT NOW! It was sooo greasy the batter fell off the fish & there was a puddle of grease on the plate! The one bite I took had a bad grease taste & the fish was not cleaned well either. Asked for more lemons & was given lemons on a napkin from the bar! The staff looks very unprofessional & was talking to each other the whole time. We were only checked in on by our server 1 time! & no refills on our sodas ! I'm sure this place will be gone soon...hope something good takes it's location! Wasted $40 & fast food would have been better
2	Not great. I would choose it over TK's across the street but that's not saying much. The bartender was friendly when we walked in and offered us samples but that was the extent of decent service we got.The beer selection was good. Not great. I would expect a place called "Taps" to have at least 25 brews on tap, they have more like 15. Still my husband was happy they had multiple IPA's. I cracked up that they had Charles Shaw wine to serve. Note to readers; this wine cost $3 a BOTTLE. On to the food. Don't do it. They have a "new chef" so we went for items that you can't screw up. News flash...you can screw up a grilled cheese! How? You ask? Douse it in artificially flavored oil and cook it just enough to NOT melt the cheese. Yuck!!! Go back to the drawing board...this is NOT an acceptable representation of one of he finest foods ever created.One last note...who on earth has cigars on their menu?
5	Great service! Very nice bartender who gave us some great drinks. I needed a quick pick me up so I asked for a cup of black coffee around 8pm to keep me going the rest of the night. I have worked in the food service industry and I know it can be a pain in the butt to cater to someone to asks for a weird thing when your slammed busy but the bartender hooked me up and kept my coffee refilled as i drank my manhatten. The manhatten I had was done perfectly! Thoroughly enjoyed myself and was pleasently suprised that my bill was so reasonable. Check this place out if youre in the neighborhood. Apparently they have live music too which is an added plus!
