5	Last Saturday we left our house at 5:30pm with the house nice and cool.  When we got home later that night it was hot inside.  We have animals so we couldn't just do nothing.  So in a panic I got online to see what  we could do. That is when I cam across Empire.  When I called I was really afraid of what the price was going to be given, a service call at midnight on a Saturday.  I asked the very polite girl that answered the phone what there emergency service fee was.  Her reply made me giggle, only $69 for them to come out and diagnose my a/c.  I asked her to send someone out, they where at the house within 5 minutes of the time she gave me and had my a/c blowing cold in less than an hour.   I couldn't be happier with the level of treatment that I received. The operator and the tech where both super professional and courteous. I highly recommend this company.
5	I called Empire plumbing at 230 am on a Wednesday. I expected to here a groggy 70 year old man on the other end, but was surprised that the operator was very friendly and not the least bit annoyed by my call. He arrived 20 minutes later .  The fix didn't require any new parts and I was only charged the service fee of about $70. This was the best experience in the situation I could imagine. If you need emergency (or any) work on your AC, call these guys right away!
1	This is one of those companies that specializes in service via "annual contracts." Get your wallet out . . . dealing with Empire is extremely pricey.We made the mistake of calling Empire when our air conditioner broke. Being new to the area, we didn't have any local contacts and just used the yellow pages. When the Empire guys came, they found out what was wrong and replaced a small part that I later found was something like $60 or $70 when ordered on the Internet. But for some reason, by the time they added their service fee for the appx 20  minute appointment, it was considerably over $600. Then, they try to get you to buy an annual contract so that you can get two "free" tuneups. All in all, I wouldn't trust these people to come back to my house EVER. They give me a creepy feeling just talking to them on the phone.
1	My a/c went out on 6/22/11, so we made a service call for the next morning.  The technician came while I was at work, spoke with my wife.  Technician said that there was a leak and the unit needed replaced, but he could go ahead and fill it with 3lbs of freon.  My wife told him to go ahead if it would get us through the summer, and we could start looking for someone to maybe replace the unit.  So, $367 later, the technician leaves and 6 hours later the a/c unit completely dies.  I called them back that evening when I got home from work and their response? "What do you want us to do about it?"  Why would he fill the freon and charge us if he knew it would die?  Screwed again by an a/c company in Phoenix.
1	As someone who manages a rental property, I get pretty comfy with service companies.  I called Empire when for my own residence last year for air conditioning problems.  Essentially, the breaker kept kicking for problems that I finally found out a year later were purely a result of the breaker installation (not relevant) but Empire basically took our service fee, reset the breakers, and said it was due to inconsistent output from the AC unit and put a thingiemagie on there.  All I know is that it cost $250+.  It managed to control the problem until the end of the year by coincidence because it was the end of AC season and the AC was running infrequently.  A year later, I found out it's an electrical problem on the breaker and the fix they made was necessary and didn't solve the problem.   This is where my amnesia kicks in.  I completely forgot about all of this/my dissatisfaction when I called them again 16 months after that fiasco for my rental property.  There was a hot water heater leak and I needed someone to check it out/diagnose.  They said we needed a new water heater (which we do) and quoted us over $1100.  I did all this via phone from work because it's not my house and I had to remedy something quickly (while at work).  For the life of me, I could not get the technician to stop selling me the service package (Which is how I finally remembered it was them!  The company from a year before!  They won't stop talking about the service package before giving you a quote!) and just give me the #$*(@#$ quote so I could make a decision (at work, on the phone) about how to proceed with the pricey fix.   After interrupting and even having to be a little firm and rude, I finally got the price quote and let him know that No, I was NOT interested in the service package or what the water heater would cost me with the service package. I want to know what it will cost me.  Today.  By itself.  Whew.  So, I finally got the quote.  Way too high.  When I stated I thought it was high, I was again sold on how they could "do it today" and "the service package will save me $120 dollars!" Good day sir.  Here's your $29.99 service fee.  I'll call you tomorrow.  No, no, I won't.  I got Home Depot to do the sale of the heater, the install, and the take away of the old unit for $800.  It's my own fault, really... the amnesia.  My advice?  Write down every service company you shouldn't use again... somewhere.
1	Our A/C went out last night at about 11:00 pm.  We didn't know who to call because, unfortunately, there aren't that many Yelp reviews for A/C places.  (Get on it, Yelpers!)We called this place because they are 24-hours.  They told us it would be 2-3 am before they could arrive.  My gut said to "run" then, but it was hot so we scheduled an appointment.His estimate ranged between $400 and $1500, plus tax and the visit fee of $69.  We were told that $69 was the only "extra" charge, no premium hourly work rate or anything.He finally decided it was a $400 "part" and that our total would be $500+ with tax and the visit fee.He installed it, it didn't run.  Told my husband that if it didn't kick on in a "couple hours" he would be back and take the part and be on his way.  He also said, again, that there was no price difference between 2 am and 8 or 9 am, so we let him do it.He installed a $40 part.  40 bucks.  40 smackers.  I Googled to the end of the earth, with the exact part number, this morning.  From NY to Chicago to Arizona quotes online were $200-$250 OUT THE DOOR, installation, tax, etc.I called the business (very small!!!!) this morning to see what they would be willing to do.  I started nice and escalated from there.  He was 100%, flat-out unwilling to listen, to care, to help.  He kept citing their RIDICULOUS 90-day warranty (WOW!!!!) on the part, and stating that he was a certified technician that came out.The question I have is this:Do I care who your employees are?The answer is:  NO.  You hired them.  I assume whomever you send can do the job, from a trained CHIMP to an HVAC tech.  WHATEVER.  This place will rob you blind and take no ownership.I wish I could upload my receipt.$340 - part$69 - visit$whatever - tax
5	Our A/C went out yesterday evening and when I called I was shocked a live person answered the phone at 8pm.  Greg came out within an hour of calling and had my A/C fixed in no time and for a fair price.  Thank you for the great service and please give Greg my thanks
5	On September 17th I found myself needing a plumber to replace my water heater that had started leaking I called and spoke with a pleasant man that directed me how to turn off the water and was able to get a plumber to me in less than one hour.  I want to thank Empire again for their great service and please give Robert a pat on the back he was so plesant and did a very neat job.
1	Empire taught me that I'm the biggest sucker in the world...and it's a costly lesson. We originally called them because our septic backed up and it was 11pm on a Sunday night. I thought I did my due diligence researching and finding a company that handles emergency repairs in the middle of the night. The guy came out and fixed the problem and quoted me one price that was like without the service agreement and another price about $200 lower with a $16.50 service agreement for one year. I opted for the service agreement and paid about $375 for the plumbing (they snaked the line to unplug it). They also came out and checked my AC later in the week and said it was fine.The next time they came out to check the AC they replaced the outside blower and added a kickstarter to the unit and charged me about $700. I just found out from my new AC guy that the blower would have been under warranty so they really took me on that job. Next my plumbing backed up again but this time snaking it didn't work. They had to open up my back patio to replace a pipe and also had to have the septic pumped. Two guys did the job in about 6 hours, a subcontractor pumped the septic and the only part was a wide PVC like pipe. The final bill was just under $4000 and this didn't include patching the patio cement so now there's a giant 3'x1' hole with an exposed pipe in my patio. $1100 of this amount was for the septic to get pumped, about triple what I would have paid had I picked up the phone and called someone myself. My advice to you, don't buy the service agreement and avoid Empire. And anyone that is saying that they saved a ton with all this preventative maintenance is just a big sucker like me. They come out twice a year to figure out what they need to sell you and replace things even if they're under warranty.
