4	On a drive from NY to FL we realised we were gonna need to stop. The priceline iPhone app "made a deal" ($50 for a normally $99 room) at this hotel and I instantly regretted it. I was flooded with thoughts of an old has-been hotel with smelly halls and noisy pipes. Not being familiar with the area, I also started to doubt the neighborhood. All my fears were swept away as we drove into a quiet business park and up to a clean lobby. The furnishings are modernly updated and the only smells were fresh and clean (not pinesoly, but actually clean). Our room was basic hotel accommodations but with classy updates wherever possible. The beds were drapped with "bed scraves", the headboards had LED antenni lamps, the complimentary soaps were Bath & Body Works. We were all exhausted, so sleep came very quickly on the overly soft yet somehow supportive beds. The a/c ran seamlessly all night and we woke up to the alarm, though the black out curtains kept morning hidden a little too well. If your in need of a solid nights sleep in the area, I highly reccommend these pillows.
5	I stayed here for almost 18 months 2-4 times a month, so maybe I am a little biased, but this is probably the best hotel in Charlotte.  I have stayed at a few others and they were not as nice.  You aren't right downtown but there is a light rail or you can take a cab since it's not very far. The staff is the best part.  Everyone is friendly from the front desk, to the restaurant staff, the bartender, housekeepers, and concierge.  They definitely help making you feel a bit more comfortable being away from home.  The building is a little older and the elevators can be a bit slow especially if there is a convention at the hotel, but overall it's a nice stay, especially for the business traveler.  The beds are comfortable, and the tv's are HD with HD channels.  There is a desk and wireless internet.  During the summer they have a Wednesday night shindig where they have live music, $2 Miller Lite and some food (steak, hummus etc).
2	This hotel is stuck in the 80's in terms of their meeting spaces. Bad lighting that is annoying, bright and dull at the same time. Bathrooms are clean. Fresh paint and carpets, plus updated lighting needed badly in the ballrooms.In a nutshell? This place feels like the kind of hotel you can smoke inside of still - just dingy, despite minor attempts to update it with new furniture in the lobby.
4	The meals were so good at Birch that we enjoyed not leaving the hotel.  Our servers were great with the southern hospitality and we went with the suggestions of the host.  Food was delicious.  We did pay full price for our three night stay.  There was some chlorine like chemicals left out by the pool that ruined two items of my clothing.  It was impossible to get to talk to any of the management during check out on Monday.  We had lost our camera and Tracey the GM never found it after we sadly left it up in the room.  We would like to stay here again.
4	Corporate held a regional conference at this location and it was a great choice.  Food was excellent.  No complaints.  Staff was superior.They have a shuttle to and from the airport.  3 exits from the heart of the city.  I believe the shuttle will take you to a mass transit stop, so there is no reason to pay for parking in the city.  The location is fantastic.  Surrounded by several hotels and restaurants and wholesalers, this was a great walking trail. rooms were extremely clean and comfortable.  There were several organizations holding meetings/ conferences and noise distribution was not a factor.  Climate control was the neat I ever experienced.  Usually, the meeting rooms are freezing, not here.  Have to remember this location next time I head to Charlotte for fun.
4	Great full service hotel overall in CLT. Stayed there more than 20 times. The location is not savory but inside is good.  Restaurant is pretty good for food and drinks, gym is reasonably good.  Staff is friendly and the concierge room is good for bfast, super nice girl that runs the concierge AM.  Also the option for gold members to have a full service free bfast.  Easy access to CLT off 77
4	My flight was canceled out of CLT last night, so USAirways put me up at this hotel.  It was a nice place with very comfortable beds.  The staff was very helpful by giving me the toiletries I needed and calling a cab for me early the next morning.  I truly appreciate their helpful attitudes!
2	Perhaps the drabbest of the Marriotts I have ever stayed in.  Unfortunately this was a forced choice by our conference location.  By far the inferior sister of the Marriott in uptown, I was glad when my stay was over.  My room on the 18th floor was damp and smelled a little funky.  A somewhat of nice touch was the sort of turndown service, where the hotel staff came around each room offering candy bars.Conference facilities are actually pretty good and the food decent enough to warrant a recommendation for future conferences.2 stars for the passable stay, but stay in uptown or Southpark Marriotts if you can.
2	The facility is good and I rated it two stars because they want you to pay $9.95 for Wi-Fi.  I cannot stand being nickeled and dimed like that.  Welcome to 2012 and throw that bad boy in for free.  Geez.  I would stay somewhere else just based on the Wi-Fi thing.  Staff is friendly and the room was clean and if Wi-Fi was free I would have given them a third or even fourth star, that's how Daddy rolls.
