1	Don't bother with ValleyPro!!  We've scheduled three separate appointments over the last few weeks and NOBODY has showed up or even called.  Customer service is rude - you get attitude when you inquire why nobody showed up.  TERRIBLE company in a saturated service-based industry - they'll be out of business soon enough!
5	ValleyPro Pest has been really wonderful! They are very understanding, easy to get a hold of, quick, and meticulous. I sublet to someone who gave me bed bugs and caused me to get in trouble with my landlord. ValleyPro Pest was really helpful in handling the whole situation - satisfying my landlord's ridiculous demands and paperwork - and they did it all with such kindness! The exterminators dealt with all of my paranoid questions patiently and were very willing to come out and double-check everything to put me at ease. Their customer service and the high quality of their work and thoroughness made them SUCH a deal. I highly recommend them to anyone with a pest problem! Call them ASAP!
1	I called about the deal they are running, and the douchebag that answers the phone was very rude.  I wish I was in front of him, I would have uppercut him.
1	Had them come out to try and get rid of our Pigeons. The next day a wire came off and a pigeon made it into one of the areas that was blocked off. Try getting ahold of ValleyPro now. No call backs. When we finally got a person no show. We have been trying for months now an no results. Have contacted the Better Business Bureau. They contacted ValleyPro and they lied and said they took care of us. I would not recommend them to anyone. We want our money back.
1	I am very sad I didn't check yelp. I hired this company to get rid of bees. I asked ahead of time if they guaranteed their work and they said yes. The price I was told would range between 145-195. They removed the bees and told me it would be another 400 to take out the honey comb which I was not told up front . They charged 195 and I still have a yard full of bees. I do not recommend them. They are not honest up front and apparently don't care if the job gets done. My next stop is better business bureau.
1	This company is TERRIBLE. I wish I would have checked yelp before I called them.  I found them online. They had a $45 dollar special so I decided to call. I knew there was no way it would be just $45 but as long as the job was done right I would not care. He came out the next day. Told me I had a slight problem.  Sprayed the area. 10 minutes and $195 later he said the problem should be gone but I had a 30 day warranty.  Fast forward 5 days, more bee's then when he came out,  the problem never left and now they don't answer the phone. Rather then wasting my time continuing to call them, I'm going to call ASAP Bee Removal. Hopefully they'll do a better job.
