3	yummy! they brought back my favorite salsa...funny thing is i stopped going to BF because of this. i don't care for the other salsas, so i'd rather go to Rubios. but being as this place is so close to my casita, i'm lovin it! it has big chunks of jalepeno and its hot hot hot! i ordered the chicken taco (first time i didn't go with the fish tacos) and it was very tasty. not bad for a chain restaurant. it was overstuffed with everything delicious! i had to lightly top it with salsa, because it kept sliding right off. no complaints except for the guacamole. it was more like guacatomatoe. nothing to yelp home about. i don't care for tomoatoes in my guac, so i had to dig around them, and that left me with nearly a teaspoon full of guac. guess next time the guac will have to be homemade. one very surprising treat was the churro. it was very sweet and fluffy not the run of the mill under cooked center with crispier than crispy edges. i would definitely go back just for the churro with a cup of coffee...yummy i can just taste it now. hope i remember.
5	Okay Ive been to Qdoba, Chipotle and now here. Qdoba i wasn't impressed, Chipotle, you get your money's worth but Baja Fresh blows them out of the water! The first time I went (Monday) I had the Shrimp Diablo. First let me tell you, I like spicy.. like nose running, tongue swelling spicy, got me? im not saying it was that hot but it packed a kick that none of the other 3 came near and that's without drowning it in available hot sauces. Not only was the spice level sensational the shrimp are not little canned geisha shrimp, they are "multiple chews" large and they don't skimp on them either. Last but not least they pack that burrito with an equal amount of everything.. not 80% rice. This burrito is as heavy as a bar of gold and it's defintely worth it's weight.P.S. I know my rule is go 3x before 5 stars but that doesn't apply to "fastish" food.
4	This is a great lunch place.  You can get a healthy, great-tasting, fresh burrito bowl that totally fills you up.  And I love the salsa bar...if you get bored with one you can get a different one next time...or mix and match.
5	OMFG!!!!!!!!!!!  I went here for lunch today and they had lobster tail tacos.  I come to this location about once a month.  It's incredibly clean and the service is always friendly.  I like to see confusion on peoples' faces when I break out my Spanish and place my order.  The lobster tail tacos were A M A Z I N G!!!!!!!!!  Big hunks of lobster tail (langostino) and a pinkish sauce served in huge corn tortillas.  I got the combo, which comes with a side of rice and a side of beans.  You can choose refried or black.  I love their black beans.Another thing I love about Baja Fresh is their salsa bar.  My favorite is the baja.  It's a smoky chipotle salsa.  I always get a bunch of different salsas to take home with me.  Their green salsa changed, but it's still really good and tastes so fresh.There are NO microwaves here.  I have a "thing" about microwaves and rarely use mine at home.  I think it's strange to heat up food without something...hot.  *shudder*Anyway, it's a clean facility with fresh food and many different options.  I'm still thinking about my langostino tacos, even if this is a chain.
2	I'm a Chipotle person, so for whatever reason, they were closed early, and decided to give Baja a try.  I ordered some spicy chicken nacho burrito thing that was suppose to be full of zip.  They hand you a small bag o chips and then you wait for your number to be called.  I got the burrito.  Flavor is lacking, and the zip is suppose to come from the peppers in the burrito-- that's it, the problem is there is more rice and beans in the thing than anything and the chicken had little flavor.  To make matters worse, the place has 4 or 5 televisions playing Fox news.  Yuckoo, I wonder what political party this place caters too.  Politics aside, I don't care for the food, the business model, or the decor.
3	I have eaten here on several occasions for lunch, and have really enjoyed my experience here.  They have a great menu with fair prices, and a good amount of food to fill just about anyone up!  Service here is always quick and friendly, and I usually enjoy my time here.  The only downside, is that this place always seems to be insanely busy every time I go on lunch during the week.  I don't always have time to blow 20 minutes on my lunch to go here, but when I do, I always get really good food.  I've been getting the tacos here when I do eat at Baja, and thier pretty darn good.  They even have a salsa bar in the corner!  Minus the lunch time rush, this place is worth a stop in to eat at, any day of the week.  I will be back in the future for more!
3	Somtimes that horse she runs and sometimes that horse she don't.~ It can be good, but you never know (depends on who's in the kitchen).~ Not always as clean as I'd like~ They offer some healthy choices~ The salsa bar has some really nice options.
4	Had lunch here today! Very good experience. Considering they were super busy for the rush. Got my food in a reasonable amount of time. And it was cooked to perfection!
4	Super solid! I have been coming here for 10 years (scary) and I couldn't love it any more.Burrito Ultimo steak Enchilado style! Seriously, don't hamstring yourself by ordering anything else!!
5	I came here to get dinner to go tonight.  I got a steak bowl and Shrimp Tacos with rice and beans. Each dinner came with rice and your choice of Black Beans or Pinto beans. We both choose Black beans has iron and protein.  Both meals came with chips and y9ou can choose from 6 different salsas.  Everything was really good and as the name promises ,Fresh!   Very good andHuge amount of food. We will be back.
4	Good food. Got a chicken quesadilla and a steak soft taco. The taco was eh. The tortilla just seemed kind of dry.. but would come back because of the food.
5	So this was the second time going into this location and I had just gotten out of CVS and thought I had more money then I did so the lady at the front gave me a discount. She was the same lady that was there when I went in the first time.
4	I love Baja Fresh. So good. Their beef and chicken are hormone free which is plus. Fresh food and great prices. Not the friendliest or best service/ staff there, but what can you do? Its close to be fast food, but fresh fast food. I usually get the nacho burrito, which I saw about 10 other people order while I was there today. I was with a friend. He ordered a 2 taco plate. They forgot to put his order in. Eek. Bad, Baja Fresh. Disappointment!!! He got coupons for next time he visits. Good save there, Baja Fresh. Otherwise this review would be very low. I despise bad service. I hate chains usually, but this place is always fantastic. I like the fresh food, always delicious.
2	I like this Baja Fresh, but this location is going down hill... The staff seems to change a lot, always new people in training... High turn over rate. They seem to mess up on special orders so beware.... They speak Spanish to each other a lot and makes us feel uncomforatable, makes me think they're talking about us.... and it's just plain rude!  My biggest complaint is that they were swepting the floor right next to our table, literally right on top of our feet...It's like EXCUSE ME,  I am trying to eaty here! I don't want dust flying up into the air and landing on my food! They have done this there a few times now!  Why do they have to sweep & mop right next to the customers! It's annoying & insanitary I feel...  The ceiling fan s were also on full blast, further stirring up all the dust!
5	This location is great!!  What makes it better than Chipotle? The food is fresh and prepared to order, the kitchen is in the dining area so you can watch the food being made.  You won't find gross cafeteria food served under heat lamps and warming trays here.  My favorite is the Baja Burrito, I really hadn't been a fan of guacamole before but this burrito is so delicious!  Recently I ventured out and tried the Nacho Burrito, which is also great! I didn't find it spicy though like it was supposed to be, but no complaints.  It had been a few years since I had last had Baja Fresh and am very happy I got hooked on them.  Also, if you sign up for their Club Baja online they send you emails every so often for $2 of $8 or $5 off $15, both nice savings if you go often as I do.
4	I was shopping for a car on Camelback and wanted to grab some lunch so I popped into this Baja Fresh.  It's a standard franchise with indoor seating and a complimentary Salsa Bar.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/baja-fresh-mexican-grill-phoenix-2?select=3RbzbIpybV2t5JTnUlKW7g#3RbzbIpybV2t5JTnUlKW7ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/baja-fresh-mexican-grill-phoenix-2?select=k8RRAeOV1KfQZdwsWrXsyg#k8RRAeOV1KfQZdwsWrXsygI ordered a Steak Burrito Mexicana, $6.99.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/baja-fresh-mexican-grill-phoenix-2?select=3RoT6ekmCU5HJ8HFQCWhFA#3RoT6ekmCU5HJ8HFQCWhFAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/baja-fresh-mexican-grill-phoenix-2?select=S5ZTPEbX2I9PsbUVNdqmUA#S5ZTPEbX2I9PsbUVNdqmUAThe Burrito was fresh and tasted good.  The employees were very fast and efficient.  Overall, it was a good experience.Return Factor - 75%
1	I've been going here for years but enough is is enough.  Last straw was Friday night and I walk in at 6p and they are out of salsa... Like the whole salsa bar empty (the one with the broken sneeze guard that hasn't been fixed in over a year).  How the heck does that even happen?  Place is dirty too.  Doesn't seem like they have a manager there anymore.  When across the street to Chipotle and never going back.
