5	Living in a HOA ruled neighborhood, I needed a stump removed a.s.a.p. to avoid the wrath of the HOA police.  I called several companies, some from their websites, some referrals, some from ads.  Before resorting to doing it myself I called Laura.  She returned my call...quickly.  I got a free estimate by the company owner (who by the way is a master gardener).  The price was better than right.  I then said I needed a new tree to replace it.  Jason and I talked about what would work best and he said he would get it and deliver and install.  Laura contacted me that afternoon and had the price for everything.  I had checked with 2 major nurseries in town and thier price was a good 3 times higher plus I still would have had to have someone come out and pull the stump.  While there to install tree (the next day) the two gentlemeaen doing the dirty work said they would fix my drip timer before they left.  Well when it was turned on it had a huge leak.  Soooo, they fixed the leak, installed 3 drip lines around the new tree and ended up having to not only pull the one stump, but the lazy person before us had actually planted the dead tree on top of another dead tree.  NO EXTRA CHARGE!!!!!!!!  I am horribly hard on businesses that are bad or that screw you everytime you turn around, but I believe a good business, doing honest work should be praised!!!  So give them a call or email Jason@azYardWorks.com or Laura@azYardWorks.com
5	This company has done work on our property twice with great work both times! The owner has also done the quotes for work both times and has been very friendly, helpful and the work reasonably priced! The first time they did a great job trimming of a tree that was in significant need of thinning and trimming. The second time they did a general trimming of both our front and backyards with pleasing results. The help has always been very courteous and done an excellent job of cleaning up the trimmings. They are the first company that has ever cleaned their trimmings off our pool at any property we have ever owned! We are definitely planning on having them do more work for us!
