1	I like their bag system and their drive-through.  However, they don't give receipts!  How do I know if they lost a shirt if I don't know how many shirts I dropped off?  Strange not to do this.  Also, their 'reward' points system is a complete joke.  If you spend $1000 you get a 50% off coupon.  Awesome.  They also do not launder shirts very well.  The collars are always crushed and honestly sometimes my shirts smell worse (like smoke) when I get them back.  A monopoly is tough to break...
1	TERRIBLE!!! I just had three shirts laundered and pressed for around $9 dollars. It is more expensive than I am used to (even compared to Boston and DC prices), but it's convenient to where I live, so I figure that's what I'll be paying for. When I got my l shirts back--all the seams were wrinkled (particularly at the shoulders and cuffs). I took it back to get it redone, and when I got it back, they still had same problems. The lady at the register offered to get it done once more, and not surprisingly, it was not any better. This time, I spoke to the manager who unapologetically said that's just how it is. In my 7 years of going to dry cleaners, I have never had a shirt returned to me in worse condition than when I dropped it off.  I had the same 3 shirts done 3 times, and they came out looking terrible each time.  GO TO ANOTHER CLEANER IF YOU CAN HELP IT!!!!!!
2	We had a bad experience when we took our down comforter here. When I took it out of the bag at home it had an ink stain on it! I understand that sometimes pens may get mixed in with the wash, so I took it back  to have them get it out. They told me that they did not think it was possibly that it happened there. It definitely did not have an ink stain on it before we brought it in.  With a bad attitude they begrudgingly agreed to fix it. After a week or so they got rid of the stain and credited our account with what we'd originally spend. My boyfriend has taken some of his work clothes here to get laundered with the credit, and they seem to do a fine job.
1	Awful. These idiots have destroyed several of my shirts as well as several of my wife's dresses. They also iron wrinkles into my suits and shirts.  To top it off they overcharge and they're rude.
1	I will begin by stating that when Klinke's ruins things, they do offer to either fix the item (if possible and if you ask) or reimburse you.  Having said that, I have had 4 out of 6 items ruined (3 irreversibly) in my last two orders - 3 fairly expensive dresses ($150+ each) and the belt to a jacket.  The belt was returned to me with the buckle completely shredded initially and I had to return to the store to request that it be fixed when I discovered it at home.  I can understand having a few errors here and there but this level of carelessness is unacceptable.  Receiving 80% of the value of an item of clothing doesn't completely negate the destruction of items that can't actually be replaced for the amount of money provided or the inconvenience of having to do so.
1	I had the WORST experience with this location Kilinke. Absolutely take your clothes somewhere else to be cleaned and cared for! Although I haven't ever been to any other location in Madison, this business with NEVER get my support again. I had taken in several items to be cleaned for a funeral, one of them being a detailed dress with nice shoulder beading on it. I went and picked up the items that were cleaned (thankfully on-time) only to get them home and figure out that over half of them still had very obvious soiled marks and stains still on them. I honestly felt I could have done a better job hand cleaning these clothes myself. Yes, Klinke let me return some of those items to be re-cleaned free of charge (which was a nice gesture), only to find have me find out again that some of the clothes were still dirty AND the detailed beaded dress that had to be cleaned for a second time was now completely destroyed. I obviously called to complain at this point in which Klinke offered to send my dress (that now had beads and detail work hanging off each shoulder) to a seamstress to re-attach/sew the bead work back on it. (Again, a nice gesture, right?). To no surprise, I was VERY disappointed in this seamstress service when I picked up my dress for a 3rd time. My dress still had beading hanging off of it with stitches showing a very sloppy attempt to repair. All in all, I called Klinke for a refund on my $45 trashed dress and although the manager was again polite and agreed to buy the dress from me, the time spent making multiple trips to this store just to come out disappointed and upset was exhausting.  Save yourself the trouble and find a different cleaners.
4	I found the employees in the store to be most helpful and hope that the cleaning of my favorite pillows turns out as well.  I wish I could include the results in this review...I am not sure about signing up for YELP.  It seems like they wanted access to my friends and contacts and I am not comfortable giving that out.
3	I have been going to this location for what has to be the past 10 years with very acceptable results. I primarily have dress shirts and slacks done here without any complaints, they have done a good job for me over the years. I like their blue bag system and I always use coupons which I leave in the I.D. tag attached to the blue bag when I drop it off (coupons make it very affordable by the way). Having gone there 2 to 4 time a month for a long time they know me there and know to check for the coupons. Recently my favorite person there, Carrie, left this Klinke Cleaner store for other opportunities and a series of "rookies" have taken her place. Carrie was awesome. The new person, Michelle, is good and she gets it, good customer service and remembered me the second time she saw me and asked if my coupons were in the bag tag (very nice of her). Unfortunately I haven't seen Michelle in the last two times there. Enter my first bad experience with this store. I dropped off my blue bag full of shirts and slacks and mentioned to the new guy at the window (can't remember his name) that I had coupons in my bag tag and he cheerfully said "ok, we will apply them". When I returned to pick up my shirts and pants I was greeted by a new guy named Jay. I looked at the receipt and the bill was suspiciously high so I looked closely at the receipt and the coupons had not been applied. When I pointed this out he attempted to correct the situation but got frustrated and flustered because he couldn't figure out how to change the bill in the system. He went as far as to call HQ for guidance but had trouble understanding the instructions he was getting from HQ. This foolishness lasted 20 minutes with no results ....... to the point that I left without my laundry and was instructed to come back the next day when he said they would have it straightened out. This store is on my way to work so it is not a big deal to swing by. When I came back the next day Jay was there and he had it "straightened out" ....... oddly the bill with the coupons applied was more than the original bill was without the coupons from the fiasco the day before. I just paid it and left because I was out of time at that point.With all of that said I have had good results, good service and experiences until this last event. I will continue to go there but will be keeping a close eye on the bill until I get a comfort level back with the new staff there.
