4	Excellent casual business lunches - salads, sandwiches - always freshly prepared and consistent quality.  Family owned.
3	Buon Giorno is located very close to my workplace, so I often go here for lunch. They offer three daily specials (usually a salad, a sandwich, and a pasta) in addition to their full menu. Generally, their food is "good", not great.  I find most of their sandwiches and pastas to be a bit bland, especially those made with ricotta.  Instead of mixing ricotta with a sharper, saltier cheese (as one typically does in lasagna and/or filled pastas), Buon Giorno just sort of dumps it on top of penne and marinara sauce.  How boring. I enjoy their italian tuna salad (not the kind with mayo!) and wedding soup. All salads and soups come a few slices of Manini's bread, which never disappoints.  If you order a sandwich, you will receive a side of the risotto (usually either spinach, portabello mushroom, or spinach and feta). The spinach and feta rice is so good, my co-workers call it "crack rice." You always want more. Another positive thing about Buon Giorno is their breakfast.  They make delicious breakfast sandwiches and frittatas. It is safe to say that all the small plates and sides are excellent at Buon Giorno, while the main entrees are only so-so.  For a cafe that is only open for breakfast and lunch downtown, that's really all you need. But don't go to Buon Giorno expecting a high quality Italian meal.
3	Average food nothing special. Convenient to work. Walk to market square for better options. Service is below average.
4	I've never had a bad meal here. I usually come for lunch, whether it be a quick  bite or a more relaxing meal. They also have breakfast if you want a tastier egg, meat and cheese sandwich than your typical Dunkin or McDonalds excuse of a breakfast.  The food comes out very quick out of respect for your time. It is most popular during the workday lunch rush. I would say that they are most famous for their salads and sandwiches. They are unique Italian/Greek creations with either feta or or red peppers on everything. I particularly love their pasta de la Sandra, which is a penne pasta with mushrooms, sausage & peppers in a balsamic blend. Yumm! The Italian soup and the turkey feta, hummus, pepper sandwich with risotto, are also among my favorites! So go to Buon Giorno Cafe on your next lunch break to enjoy great service, a fresh meal, and at a very good price!
