4	A little hidden, tucked back in the retail/office complex adjacent to Buster's north of Hayden & Via De Ventura.  The atmosphere is a touch more sedate than the chains around town. The quality of service is excellent, especially Lena, TIffany. Also, Mani with Kevin lasts for almost two weeks. Very happy to have found them.
5	Love this place to go get a Mani/Pedi. Clean, nice decor and the owners are super nice. They do a great job and prices are great! I had walked by thi place for years and finally decided to go. I shouldn't of waited to go becuase they are fabulous. The place is packed all the time, but stil has a relaxing atmospere. I took my Mom there and she loved it, she states ...best Pedicure she had in her life.  I am a regular there and will continue to go there!
2	I went to Maiya's today for a pedicure. They said the price would be $20 for a pedi. I got to Maiya and it was packed. I sat down in the chair and it was hot out and really wanted a water and usually nail salons ask if you would like a water. I was surprise they didn't. Then I got my pedi and the chairs are very close together and a customer notice my Coach pocketbook was setting in a puddle of water. I was very upset the foot sink must of been leaking. The customer was more concern then the nail technician she continue with the pedi and I was furious. I didn't want to make a scene so I just let her finish the pedi. When I went to pay she said $25 I asked why since they said $20 and she said because it was  french manicure. You think they would tell you that when you ask. Also, during the pedi she asked if I wanted scrubbing gel  to smooth my skin and that was extra $5. I never had a nail place trying to make me buy add on when doing my feet. and then she told me to seat there and she will be back to put on the shoes. She started to doing some one else never came back. After 15 minutes i took the tow separators off and put myself and put my shoes on and left. I don't know if I just had an bad experience but I will not be returning. The place was really pack so alot people must enjoy it there.
4	I called ahead to see how busy they were for a mani/pedi. They accept walk-ins but I wanted to make sure I wouldn't have to wait too long. They told me 45 minutes and put me down for the appt. I was on time and so were they. Kim was great, friendly and efficient. Walked out of there in an hour and fifteen minutes with great looking fingers and toes. Clean place and relaxed atmosphere.
3	I finally got around to booking an appointment at Maiya's Nails; I learned that it's best to do so after being denied twice without having an appointment. Save yourself the disappointment and call 15 minutes ahead to see what's available.  I walked in and was immediately greeted, and nail tech hurried over and told me to come sit. Yikes!  Hardly time to pick out a color!  There was no nonsensical chit-chat or gossip and my toes were perfectly polished within 30 minutes.  I felt a bit rushed through the entire service--my feet could've used more scrubbing with the pumice stone, and the massage would have been better if she took her time.  I noticed the nail tech glance at her watch a few times too.   I did not see an autoclave machine to properly sterilize the tools.  I noticed the nail tech cleaning her tools with a cotton ball and rubbing alcohol as I approached the pedi chair.  She swiftly placed them in a plastic box...I couldn't help but think of all the germs lurking inside...ew. It's a nice place to get a quality pedicure in a speedy fashion, but I'm still looking for my "go-to" nail salon.
2	I arrived at 6:00pm to get a mani/pedi, I was pleased to see that the salon was empty. The gentleman at the front desk informed me that they were very busy and would be closing soon. I looked over at the sign which showed their hours of operation until 7pm. I assume they just wanted to leave early but I have heard from others that they OFTEN turn people away. I returned the next day and received mediocre- best, service. Although the work is ok,its not my favorite nail salon. I do not recommend going if you are planning to attend an important event. You may want to select a more reliable salon since they consistently refuse work from customers. I am still searching for the perfect place.
3	If you're looking for a quickie....they're great. In and out no matter how much you pay. I got a hot stone rub for $5 with my  $20 pedicure. She did one minute per leg.  But if you're looking to be pampered with a loooonng rub down, that would be at Luster Nails on Pima and Thompson Peak.
5	I've been going here for about three years and it's the best moderately priced pedicure you can get in the valley.
5	Update: Maiya's has expanded. They're in the same shopping area-Mercado Del Lago  in McCormick Ranch, just across the parking lot from their previous location. They've doubled their space, and the new look and feel is even better than before. Still calm and relaxing. They have more spa services-facials, massage, waxing,etc.  excellent experience.
1	This was one of the worst pedi experiences ever.  Just went there this past weekend and apparently they do not like to do gel pedi's because they take too long.  They rushed and did not ask what type of pedicure I wanted 1st off, then they took the toe nail polish off with a very sharp nail file and just kept rubbing this against my nail and skin.  I kept mentioning that this hurt and could we take this off with the aluminum foil.  She did not want to do this because of the length of time to put on and take off.  REALLY.....she made my skin bleed and bottom line it hurt and was not enjoyable at all.  I did get an I'm sorry and then she continued.  Finally I got mad and said to take the old polish off with the aluminum foil.  Which she did, now how easy was that?  By then though, my feet hurt.  Then she told me to move to her station so she could finish polishing my toe nails.  I don't think they have a clue on how to do gel pedicures she just kept moving around saying I'm sorry and she just kept looking up at me for reassurance and when I asked about the massage I got an I'm sorry again.  That never even happened.Honestly, the salon is beautiful and they have a good thing going but to top it off, the front desk girl asked how the service was and when I explained what happened and that I felt this was the worst pedicure I have ever received and why, her response was, so what was the problem.....OK, REALLY!!! I guess rubbing your toes till they bleed  with the nail file is nothing.  She also had the attitude like I own this salon and really do not care.  Not sure if she is the owner or not, if she is they will ultimately loose business with her careless attitude.  The salon looks great from the outside but this has to be the worst service I have ever had.  If you want a great pedi go to Brand Nails in Scottsdale..... beware if you go to Maiyas!!
5	Went in with my mother on a Tuesday and was told it would be a 15 minutes wait and not even a minute later I was being helped :) I got a hard gel manicure and a pedicure! I am very pleased with the service! Everything looks so nice,clean and organized it made me feel at ease! I've had some bad experiences with other nail salons in the area but after this experience I think I found my new favorite nail salon! My nail techs name was jenny, she was very nice and actually took the time to listen to me when I told her what I wanted my nails to look like! She made conversation and seemed very interested in talking to me, not like she was just talking because she had to!  During my whole experience there I wasn't forced into adding on any other services, which was nice! It was the best nail experience by far! I will definitely be returning and I would recommend trying it out! My mother was also very pleased with her experience!
5	This is the BEST manicure or pedicure I have received ANYWHERE...and I travel a lot.  It is the only manicure that lasts a week...Mimi is EXCELLENT!  Mondays and Tuesdays there are specials and on-line you can get a printable coupon.  There are also promotional facials that are wonderful...and reasonable.  Maiya's is truly a neighborhood spot in a great area off of Via de Ventura and Hayden.
5	Best nail salon around, and the facial and eyebrow wax I got there was top-notch. They really care about their clients and it shows. I wouldn't go anywhere else in Scottsdale!
4	I was very pleased to find this salon near my office and was very impressed.  Called up for a same appointment with no problem. The receptionist is very pleasant and speaks English as well as all the techs. The place is super clean with tub liners and the autoclave as well as disposable files.  They have a wide selection of colors to choose from Essie, OPI, etc.  My pedicure with Lena was wonderful.  She took care of my caloused heels and did a great job. The salon is very nicely decorated too. They have a $35 mani pedi combo and I will definately be back!
5	nail technitian was uber funny during my pedicure and did a perfect job. the massage was seriously the best food massage ive ever had. will be returning
