4	Went to sonic today for lunch, the food was fast and accurate and who doesn't love the tator tots at sonic? They are always perfect!! I also really like that you can add flavors to your sodas, something you don't see very often. I love cherry and vanilla flavors and always add one to my drink. (Cherry to sprite today)Overall value is really good, and it satisfied me for lunch. I was in a bit of a hurry and it was quick, like you would expect!
3	Went to this sonic for the first time. I pulled up and pushed the little red button to order.... No one answered. It took about 5 mins for them to take my order which is understandable because I wasn't the only one who pulled up. So I ordered a footlong Chili cheese dog with tots and a 44oz cherry coke (my favorite). The food came out pretty fast. There were two girls that brought me my food. I assume the one that actually gave me my food was the trainee. She was nice and friendly. So I get back to my hotel room, it's like 30 seconds away from sonic. And I took a bite of the hot dog. It seemed like it was not fresh. But the cherry coke made up for it. So I gave it 3 stars.
1	Terrible. I went half an hour before they were supposed to close. I pulled up and pushed the button. Someone came on and rudely said "we're closed!" So I said, "oh, what time do you guys close?" And he never answered. They had just brought out food to the car next to me but wouldn't serve me. I will not be returning to this location.
3	In my opinion, I really like this place. The happy hour slushes are the best. There's so many to choose from and the prices are 50% off the original pricing. I think that's just unbeatable. I love the amount of variety there is. I mean, honestly, there's so many flavors to choose from. My favorites would have to be the blue raspberry slush with nerds in them and the Polynesian punch. They're super good. I also loved how kind the guy who served us was. His name was Leo! Cool guy and he came out with our drinks really quickly. I went to a Sonic in Tolleson and the girl took like 30 minutes just to come out with two small slushes.. Like what??? Lol. I definitely favor this one more! Mmm sonic! So good!
1	Took my grand kids for first time at this location. Where I come from they skate, not here. Order took a long time, beef way undercooked, fries blah, chick strips not good. No one liked anything...server looked stoned.
4	Sonic has great food and tons of drink and dessert options. This location is a little underwhelming in its presentation however. It does not have many pull up stalls anymore after they removed half of them, some of the order stations don't work and it could be cleaner. The staff is great and the food is good, so if your just wanting good sonic food and don't care about the other stuff, this location will do just fine.
