5	My husband and I found this Club about a year ago and have watched them grow into what they are today! And that is a wonderful, laid back, accepting atmosphere for everyone! After years of going to clubs and getting dirty looks or stares it is nice to have a place to go where everyone there is there for the same reason, to have a nice, drama-free, and fun night out with friends, a date, or even by yourself without feeling like you don't belong! If this might be what you are looking for, then DEFINITELY give it a try! You won't be disappointed.
4	Club Fullfilled is more than just a club!  If you want to meet some great woman & men who are not judgmental about size, shape or color then this is your CLUB too! Everyone is welcomed & no one feels left out of the fun! Everyone I have met are fun friendly people. Glad to have stumble upon Club Fullfilled! Looking forward to many fun filled events!
5	I had a great time at Club Fullfilled last night.i went ALONE as everyone else I knew had plans. I'm usually nervous to go ANYWHERE alone, but I heard this place is a very welcoming dance club for people of all sizes. I'm a BIG girl. I don't need to feel self conscious at a dance Club. I've heard that this place makes you feel comfortable. I went to their website first, and they seem to have a theme every Saturday night, so I put on my white dress because the theme was an all white party, and I headed over to 25th Ave and Peoria. It's very easy to find this location, it's located right off I-17 inside the Crowne Plaza hotel. Christy Lee, the owner/hostess meets you at the door with a big friendly smile.The cover charge is $5 before 10 pm, (and $10 after)I arrived at around 9pm, they have a full bar so I ordered my drink (a long island ice tea variation), after it started taking effect, i headed onto the dance floor, at the time no one else was dancing, but I had to get my DANCE on because the LIVE DJ was playing all my jams.I haven't had so much fun in a long time , just a release of energy, great mix of music, the drinks were a good price, $5 for most, i also got hot wings for $5 with blue cheese, cant beat thatthere was this guy dancing in his seat really good by himself so i told him to dance with me, and he did for the rest of the nightThere were lots of gorgeous girls there, I spotted a really cute young girl in a black strapless floral dress getting funky, so we danced with herwe had so much fun dancing to Britney Spears, Katy Perry and Keshathey have all kinds of music though (rap, old school R&B), i was getting down low, low, low, butI AM TOO OLD to be getting down low, low, lowalmost had a couple asthma attacksbut anyway, it was so fun, they close around 2ami am definitely going next Saturday which is Nightie night, i will be there in my nightie dancing the night awayI strongly recommend everyone come there to dance, it is not pretentious, it's literally just a burst of fun and its cheap. Great time
4	Great Place for dancing and meeting new people.. everyone is welcome
5	My first Club Fullfilled Event I went to was in February 2012 and let me tell you, it was the best time ever! Christy Lee is such a friendly person and makes everyone feel welcomed with her smile and great attitude! She is truly a doll! I met some great people there who are now my best of friends. The music is always great, fabulous drinks and an atmosphere where I feel so welcomed by everyone and don't feel out of place with all my curves! My friends and I are the unofficial Club Fullfilled Welcome Committee now ..LOL! So if your new and want to have a great time, come on out and we all will make sure you have a fabulous time with us Chica's!  The New Years Eve event is coming up and I can't wait to be a part of it all!  Hope to see everyone there!
