5	I have had my property managed by Alliance for about 3 years now. I have had a great experience with them. They have always given professional courteous service. I would defiantly recommend them.
5	Good people, always prompt for repairs and very good value for the rent  that we pay. Apartments have washer and dryer. ea! Come by and check out what they have for you. You will like the people and service.
5	I have been in Vegas since 1998 and moved about 5 times and never have been treated as nice as Alliance Properties has.  Any minor issues like yard maintenance, HOA violations which was my fault, was corrected immediately.  They are on top of things in lighting speed!  As long as i am in Vegas, I will rent from Alliance Properties.
5	I have been a tenant with Alliance Properties over a couple of years and i have had good experiences.  I would recommend it anybody to rent or buy property from them.  I was a tenant and then I purchased the home I am in now.  The transactions throughout were always professional. Its been a pleasure and sometimes fun times with their staff.Good Luck
1	I have been with Alliance for almost a year as an owner. When my tenants have a problem they call me because Alliance does nothing for them. My tenants had an appliance problem, Alliance sent a repairmen to check it out but did not fix the problem and the next month I receive a bill for the service call but Alliance didn't follow up with me to complete the repair or even inform me that a repairman was sent to the unit. They charged me $125.00 for mortgage monitoring when I own the property outright. They are unresponsive and never return phone calls or emails.
3	I've been with Alliance for over 7 years now.  In the past, they were punctual with their rental payments, but it seems this year they have been majorly slacking. I should not have to call or email every month asking where my payment is, especially when I know my tenant is Section 8.  While their employees are able to help with getting repairs very fast to the tenant (thanks Amanda!), and fill up rental vacancies quickly, they really need to work on getting the money to the owner on time.  I give them 5 stars for customer service, but no stars for making me have to call them every month to BEG for my rent money.
