4	The men isn't too bad but the special board is the way to go. The chicken vindaloo and the curried chicken primavera are both excellent. The vindaloo packs a punch! Nice atmosphere and good service.
4	The food here is better than your typical pub food, this particular location has a good chef who has been there for as far back as I can remember.   Having said that, since it is a Firkin pub, there is still a lot of middle of the road pub type fare.  Give the main menu a pass and try out one of the specials. The thing that ups this place to a 4 star is the staff, who are always nothing short of extremely friendly, and accommodating.    It's a great little place to go for a meal or just for a couple of drinks.  Contrary to previous review, it is most definitely NOT in a sketchy area, at ALL, and i've never seen any seedy characters.  It's a small town pub, with some small town folks, but that's about it.
5	Great food and atmosphere in downtown Cambridge.  We don't have too many small pubs and this is the spot to drop in.  Trying to branch out downtown so wanted to try it out tonight after hockey. Having the scotch eggs and wings and they are great
5	Hey back again after a long day on the road.  It's Tuesday so it's Nacho Day $5 for this skillet of Nachos ... Great deal and the Steam Whistle is $5 as well
4	This quaint pub demonstrates what a chain can do when it trusts its franchise owners and chefs. Yes, there is the average pub fair for which the Firkin chain is known (and a relatively broad beer list on tap), but it's the additional special items and the service that makes this pub substantially better than others. This pub used to be a weekly tradition, but I haven't been in some time; am making a special trip into the comfortable and slowly-gentrifying neighbourhood this week just to have dinner there.
4	Spent a very enjoyable couple of hours at the Fiddle & Firkin yesterday evening, and was pleasantly surprised, even with knowing the pub as well as I do. The furnishings have been updated, the menu has been as well. While there seems to be a greater corporate push in the marketing (menu, table-top advertisements, etc.), the core of the establishment remains a comfortable local pub. All of our entrees were delicious, from the ample-sized poutine, the beef dip and the cod. The children's menu was typical, but provided a good amount of food, and the waitstaff accommodated us very well. I highly recommend making the trip into Preston and visiting this pub.
5	The best small casual restaurant in Cambridge.  The venue has been renovated and live bands play Friday and Saturday night.  Every night has a different deal.  Wednesday is wing day.
