2	This Ulta store is very clean, well-stocked, and full of friendly and helpful employees. The salon is good as well, except for the time I went in there, apparently. I showed the hairdresser a picture of what I wanted, which was a jaw-length shag, and I walked out of there with something close to a pixie cut. The only saving grace here was that my hairdresser was very young and seemed to be right out of beauty school, and she was *extremely* friendly and nice. You just can't be mad at a person like that. And actually, the cut she gave me (though it was far off from what I wanted) wasn't bad. Plus it was summer, so less hair isn't exactly a curse when it's 115 degrees out. On the whole, just make sure to go with an older, more experienced hairdresser and talk thoroughly about what you want.
1	Absolutely HORRIBLE customer service! I can't purchase Philosophy products in my small town so I stopped in this Ulta to pick up about $200 worth of products. Neither of the two employees lounging near the front door greeted me (too busy chatting with each other) nor did they offer to help me find what I needed. Then when I finally found Philosophy, the girl at the counter nearest the products never even looked up to say hi or offer help. Thanks, but I can get impersonal service by buying online (and save on gas!).  I didn't buy anything from this store. If employees can't bother to greet me, then I can't bother to spend 200 bucks!
4	I get in, get out with what I need and it's easy as that! The ladies are always very helpful with any questions you have about products. The store is well stocked and if you don't see what you are looking for, just ask and someone will check the back for you. Happened to me the last time I went in looking for my Ringlet hair creme.
1	I shop at Ulta a lot and this was by far the worst experience I have ever had. I was not greeted, I was not asked if I needed help finding any thing or if I had any questions about any of the products. The 4 girls that were talking and gossiping were ignoring the customers. This one lady actually walked up to the group and asked if one of them would help her find a certain product. We were clearly having trouble finding what we were looking for and they were clearly ignoring us. I am not happy with the staff and their attitudes. Need to find a group that aren't so chummy with each other. I will now be driving to a different location which is farther from my house to avoid the poor customer service.
2	I would advise customers at the salon to beware of Chelsea. She seems like a brand new hair stylist that needs to learn a little bit more about how to treat customers. I was straightforward about what I wanted done to my hair (my usual color that I get from another stylist there) and she confused the hell out of me and didn't really give me a chance to explain what I wanted. She gave me a list of swatches and I pointed to the color I wanted and said "there, I'd like highlights of that color". My hair turned out much darker than the color I picked. I stayed to get it fixed but the way she was talking to me was quite condescending and she tried to put the blame on me, saying I should have either paid more or explained better. Shouldn't have given her a tip! I would never treat a customer like that.All in all, make sure when you like a stylist, you stick with her or pay a little extra for Nicole :)
2	DO NOT GET YOUR HAIR DONE BY ANDREA!My mother made an appointment to come here on the 15th and had problems from the get-go. I called my mom when she was signing in to tell her about a special they were running and the stylist was so rude to my mom when she asked about it, I told my mom to just walk out and not even get her hair done. If I can hear how rude you are through the phone and not even be forced to see the snotty faces you're making then you certainly don't need to be in a customer service position. To my mother's regret she stayed. I called my mother a couple hours later to see how her cut and color went and she was crying. This "self-taught stylist" turned her hair ORANGE, cut it crooked, used a razor on her fine hair and in other words, DESTROYED HER HAIR. Not only did she destroy her hair but apparently her shift was up and she decided it was time to leave before my mom even had time to come to grips with what she had done. I told my mom it couldn't be as bad as she thought. Sadly, it was worse than she described. The following day she had an appointment with Lauran, the salon manager to try and get it fixed and I went with her. WOW, Lauren is a miracle worker, after multiple cycles of chemicals and washings the orange was for the most part gone and the cut was...better. The problem with a bad hair cut is there's only so much you can do. Not only did Lauren do a great job with her hair but she was a lovely person as well. Very friendly and VERY patient while my mom kept describing how horrible of an experience she had with Andrea. I wouldn't let Andrea ever touch my hair and if you don't want to look ridiculous, you shouldn't either. Lauren, however, was AWESOME!!
5	I was new to the valley, and was desperate to find a new hair salon after months of bad color and cuts with the same stylist. I had been shopping at Ulta for a few months, and inquired about their salon and luck would have it, I met my hair guru, Nicole Puccetti. Nicole saved my hair! We worked on getting the color right( I must have had 10 different colors going on, on top of my head) and growing out my bad haircut. Nicole has years of experience and she KNOWS what she's doing. She cuts my husbands hair and our teenage kids' hair, and now she cuts my mother in laws hair too ( who by the way was getting her hair chopped at a low cost cutter...gasp!)   The salon is in the back of the store, so yes, people shopping in the back of the store walk by the salon, but it still feels pretty private. The employees in the store and salon are very nice and always say hello when you walk in. The store is bright and new and is always well stocked.
5	I use to be a hair stylist in my day, and let me tell you, Nicole Puccetti is excellent !She takes her time , is very nice, and gives a perfect haircut. In the 16 yrs we have lived in AZ I never had a good haircut like this unless I went back to Jersey. I can guarantee you , you will love your hair when Nicole is finished, try her !Also, their referral plan is nice and gives you each $15 towards your next visit for you and the person you referred, can't beat that !!
4	Hard not to like Ulta.  They play the coupon game very well, constantly sending the Princess percent off or dollar off coupons and mailers.  I like that their pricing is consistent and well priced rather than high-low to encourage coupon use.  Basically you get a fair deal without a coupon and a pretty good deal with the coupon.  They have a growing selection of high quality Ulta brand items and all of the name brand hair care products salons have (Paul Mitchell for example).  Nice selection of personal care items for us guys, great selection of colognes and grooming aids.  Always clean and personable staff.
