4	I cook and I love tools. This is the place for me. I don't need anything flashy or something with a fancy ebony wood handle. I just need professional level cooking supplies, without all the glitz of comparable consumer-oriented products. This place has exactly that.As the name implies, they are more geared towards restaurants instead of the average single-person consumer. Their prices are a bit cheaper than what you'd find at Bed Bath & Beyond and its ilk. Not everything is less expensive, so it still pays to be an educated buyer and do some comparison shopping beforehand.
4	Wholly small wares! These guys have everything you can think of from small wares to commercial refrigeration. What makes them special is that they are willing to work with you on prices. For example I found a commercial countertop fryer online for a lot cheaper than what they had it listed for. The owner explained to me that they can't match online prices because of the difference in overhead but that Andrews will do what they can to be fair.I walked out of there with a great piece of equipment and a few extra dollars in my pocket. If you're in the market for any type of kitchen equipment these guys should be the first on your list to check out.
5	I'm no restaurateur, so this review is strictly based on a consumer's point of view. When putting on different events around town, I'm sometimes faced with the challenge of purchasing some pretty unique items such as an alcohol pour, chef hats and more. And every time I'm faced with a unique purchase situation, I wonder... "Where the heck am I going to find this?" And then...the clouds aligned and I found Andrews Restaurant Supply. This store is like a chef's dream. At least an amateur cook who likes to call herself a chef (me!). I walk in and I see easels, I see pop corn machines, I see professional knife sets, I set freezers, I see chef supplies...there's so much to look at it's almost over whelming! I know this is a store for restaurants, but is it a crime for little old me to shop there too because I want to! Every time I've visited Andrews, they've always had what I was looking for. The tools at this place make me want to cook twice as much as I already do! In addition to amazing restaurant supplies,  the staff is very friendly and I learned that Andrews is the only locally owned restaurant supply store in Phoenix. And you know how we on yelp love to support local! So regardless of the drive, Andrews has made a customer out of me. And if my kitchen is fully stocked with professional tools here soon, I only have Andrews to blame.
4	I was in a frantic search for a large number of a single restaurant tool. I had shopped at the Southern location before so I familair with Andrews. I searched the web for the contact number and found that they had moved. The new location worked out great for me. The CSR was extremely helpful in verifying stock and holding the items for me until I arrived. SCORE!! The location is easy to find, well organized and clean. The area surrounding it is under construction until May 2013 and can be difficult to navigate depending on the day. I will certainly return. Thanks for being a great help to my business!
