5	I booked rooms for my mom and my uncles at this local B&B for the weekend of my wedding.  They had a fantastic time here.  The Parador is located in the middle of the business district of Allegheny West on the North Side of Pittsburgh, which makes it extremely convenient to PNC Park, Heinz Field, the North Side museums, and downtown cultural events.  The inn takes up an entire beautifully-restored brick Victorian-era house, and also the carriage house in back.A really nice man named Ed runs the Parador, together with his cute Black Lab, Razor.  (Razor is perfectly trained and quite the gentleman -- there is also a stash of treats for him in the B&B's kitchen, if you can't resist slipping him something.)  Ed was so gracious and such a wonderful host that I ended up feeling sort of bad that I hadn't known about this place before, because I would totally have gotten married there!The inn itself is absolutely beautiful.  The entire interior has been completely renovated, but with furnishings and other decorations that remain in keeping with the Victorian style of the building.  The guest rooms are not rooms, but huge, luxurious suites (the smallest of the guest rooms is a 328-square-foot room - bigger than many studio apartments), and the common areas are welcoming and comfortable.  This B&B has the typical amenities (in-room TV, phone, coffee maker, full American-style breakfast each morning, wireless access, hair dryers and laundry stuff, little fridges) with some bonuses you don't always see (the decanter of port on top of the piano in one of the common rooms, the giant full private bath in each of the rooms, a conservatory room).  There is no gym in the house itself, but you can get a free pass to the Allegheny YMCA (only about three blocks away, and a pretty great institution in its own right).Prices to stay here are shockingly low at $150/night.  This is the same price you would pay to stay at a chain hotel, getting a fraction of the space and none of the individualized attention, impeccable hospitality, or unique style you will find here.You should stay here if you're coming in from out of town.  I fully intend to stay here if I ever feel inclined towards a miniature romantic getaway or something.  It's a pretty great spot.
5	It was my first time staying at a bed and breakfast, so I'm not sure how it compares to other ones but everything was great! The house was built in 1870's and has been kept in pristine condition - it definitely sets the atmosphere and mood for the place. Each room has its' own "theme", I stayed in Chenille with a huge tub and an antique sink, the shower was alright - very low water pressure and took forever to warm up.Ed runs Parador along with two friendly dogs (that don't go past the kitchen, so no biggie if you're allergic). He's very hospitable and told me a few bits about the city and it's history in the morning. Breakfast was good - coffee, oj, banana bread and yogurt parfait, and a whole-wheat veggie egg wrap served with bacon, sour cream and bean/salsa thing. I'd highly recommend this B&B to anyone visiting.
5	This place is fantastic.  I'd definitely recommend staying here.  As one reviewer put it, the place is in pristine condition, and is chock full of beautiful antiques.  I don't think you'd find more in an antique shop.  I stayed here with my husband and daughter (8 months) and was extremely pleased (after a thousand calls to area hotels and other B&Bs) to find an available suite that would allow my daughter to go to bed in the bedroom while my husband and I stayed up to watch TV in the other room.  The suite was perfect: cozy, charming, and elegant.  The owner also keeps all unoccupied rooms open so that guests can wander around and look around at the other rooms, and they are all gorgeous.  Definitely a must...I'd almost travel all the way to Pittsburgh (a long 11-hour drive from my hometown Boston) just to stay here again!  Thanks Ed!!!
5	Love this place. Great room with fireplace and fantastic breakfast. Owner's dogs were very friendly and fun to play catch with. Location was OK...a little sketchy but VERY close to Heinz stadium which was good since we were there for the game that wknd. 7-11 close by as well. On Saturday, only restaurant open was a Thai place and it was only 2PM! Lol. Casino very close too. Inn keeper nice.
5	I've been saving this review for a couple weeks now because I'm actually intimidated to write it! I'm trying to figure out how I can possibly portray with words how wonderful of an experience I had at Parador. Let's start at the beginning. My boyfriend took me on a day long trip to Pittsburgh for my 26th birthday/Valentine's Day. Before now I had never actually stayed at a bed and breakfast, but I was so excited to finally try one out! When we arrived all the way from Cleveland, I stepped out and laid my eyes upon this gorgeous, mammoth, old Victorian home. My mouth was literally hanging open. We knocked on the front door and were welcomed into what looked like an antique museum filled with the most beautiful furniture, ornate lighting fixtures, mirrors and dark woods. In other words, I was speechless from the pure awesomeness of this house. The best part was the subtle tropical hints in the breath-taking decor. Yes, I'm serious. I know it probably sounds tacky, but I promise you it is not. This tropical themed B&B was a winner for sure. There was even reggae playing throughout the house. Ed took the time to show us all around the house and even where we could grab stuff out of the kitchen, like a wine bottle opener. Um, yes, that was essential. He had two super cute black labs too! That's a major score in my book. As we walked into our room, I was right back into my previous awe. Holy most gorgeous, enormous, gloriously antique-y, posh and quirky bedroom I've ever seen. Everything in this room had intricate little luxurious details that stood out. We're talking hand-carved bed frame, dark wood dresser with marble accents, glass-bead decorated mirror, window seat and a little bench in front of a beautiful fireplace. Oh, it's doesn't stop there. The bathroom boasted a claw-foot tub, an antique sink and mirror and all the over-night essentials you'd need (even two robes!) This was the most romantic bedroom I've ever stayed in. End of story. Ed was even nice enough to clue us in to the best restaurants to try and places to go in the 'burgh. He grabbed a map and pointed us in the right directions. And thanks to him we had the most delicious dinner ever. After an incredible, fun and romantic date night, we woke up refreshed to the glorious smells of breakfast cooking. We got up a little later than everyone else in the B&B, but Ed was nice enough to ask us what time we wanted it the night before. When we strolled downstairs everyone was already sitting together, so my beau and I sat at another table. The breakfast looked and smelled delish, but was decided on just coffee and brunch out in the city. Seriously folks, I knew this was my first time at a B&B but I couldn't have even prepped myself for how awesome this experience was going to be. I'm so thankful that my incredible boyfriend was thoughtful enough to take me away for a romantic evening... and that he was cool enough to pick this charming, elegant B&B. A big thanks to Ed for showing us such great hospitality. Like many other yelpers, I would drive all the way back to Pittsburgh just to stay there again.... and again and again.
5	Everything about this place is great! It's a beautifully decorated house, which the owner, Ed, takes great pride in. He's a perfect host & has two lovely dogs. There's a garden area which is secluded from the street and perfect for relaxing. I will definitely come back here when I stay in Pittsburgh.
2	I love to stay at B&Bs!  Sadly, I did not love this one...  Our family stayed at the Parador Inn for our nephew's wedding celebration which was held on site.  The lodgings were kitschy but quaint and the fireplace in the room was really lovely during the September cold snap!  The notice in the room asked for dietary restrictions so I brought mine up with Dee and she was more than happy to accommodate.  Ed wasn't so happy with our low carb or vegetarian diets but he did fix egg whites for the low carb people!  He became prickly when the mother of the groom and I had to shift family members in rooms to accommodate octogenarian grandparents who found they could not climb a couple of steep sets of stairs to their assigned room.  We noticed that he did work tirelessly to help the caterer with the wedding but felt we were quite an inconvenience for him during this time.  I believe this would be a nice place to stay so long as Ed doesn't become frazzled.  We loved the puppies, they just need to be kept off the lawn prior to outdoor functions to lower the chance of accidents to zero for the next wedding party...
4	Great little hotel.  About the price of a low end big boring chain hotel but with beautiful architecture, great breakfast and two cool dogs who are like good waiters.  There when you want/need them and invisible if you don't. If you like to walk, there is a lovely route to the river.  My room was huge, pretty and I even had a big TV (best of old and new).  I recommend this place.
4	This was my virgin trip to Pittsburgh and got to see my beloved Steelers.   My wife and I really enjoyed the Paradore. It's a bed n breakfast with a Caribbean theme.  The place was beautiful and the room had ample space.  It was only a 10 minute walk to Heinz field and there are a couple good places on the same street to eat and drink. The owner made us breakfast and was good.  He is courteous and friendly.  We really had a good stay!
5	The Parador Inn..... Words and photos cannot describe how gorgeous and full of charm this place is. I had never stayed at a bed and breakfast before. So now, any others I stay at in the future will have A LOT to live up to. The owner, Ed, was such a sweetie pie. Upon arrival, he showed us around this beautiful mansion that was built in 1870. He has two adorable black labs, Razor and RJ, that were very well-behaved and they don't come into the mansion living areas at all (in case you're not a dog lover or you're allergic). This place was wall-to-wall, off-the-hook amazing. Everywhere you looked you found eye candy. Stained glass windows, fireplaces galore, antique furniture everywhere! I couldn't stop sighing and getting a tad bit upset because homes like this just aren't built anymore. Ed told us that the place had only had four owners in the 142 years since it was built. So luckily, it had kept all of its original charm. Our room was just as spectacular as the rest of the place. We stayed in the African Tulip. The photos just do it no justice. The room was huge! Stunning, ornate fireplace mantle, window seat to look down at the street below, stained glass window, adorable bathroom with vintage fixtures. I couldn't have asked for anything better. It was simply breath-taking and very romantic. The Parador is in a great location, as you can walk to several nearby restaurants and attractions. If you're not sure where to go, ask Ed. He'll get out the map and show you exactly how to get there. He can also recommend great places to check out. The breakfast! It was delicious each morning. We stayed two nights so we were lucky to have two lovely breakfasts here. GREAT coffee. Really, it was pretty remarkable. I should have asked where it came from. Thank you Ed! If I ever return to Pittsburgh, I would not hesitate to stay at the Parador again.
4	With a dash of spontaneity I decided to plan a quick trip to a local B&B. Out of the two I had my eye on, this was the only one with a website...sold! Little did I know, I was about to embark on a trip into the movie Cool Runnings minus the snow, olympics, running and movie. The place was completed embellished with a Jamaican theme. Painted palm tree there, steel drum here, reggae music everywhere...this was The Parador Inn. The historic house was old but retrofitted to encompass the feel of being on an island. The owner, Ed truly took the time to make sure all of his guests received the best treatment, from the morning breakfast: mouth watering apple cinnamon french toast with delectable parfaits to the thank you email I recieved a week later which was apparently typed personally by his two dogs...yes I am not kidding.The Parador Inn is truly a wonderful B&B and honestly a nice change of pace from your regularly themed B&B. Oh so you wish you could go to the gym? well the Parador Inn gives all guests a free pass to the local YMCA. Oh you wish you had a river view? Well it's just a short walk away as is Heinz field or PNC Park to satisfy any sports related competitive itches. The Parador in, truly a vacation at Pittsburgh's front doorstep.
5	We stayed in the Lady Palm room on the third floor.  It is an enormous space with bedroom, livingroom and bath.  It was comfortable, quiet and extremely clean.  The bathtub is so deep and comfortable, you've got to try it.  The stairway is very creeky and while it adds charm, it could be a problem if you're looking to sleep in on one of the lower floors.  Ed is an extrodinarily professional, warm host with a wealth of great suggestions.  He sent us over to Nicky's for dinner, just a block away and it was a real winner.  The antiques here are quite something to behold and the courtyard is really delightful out back.  We highly recommend this place. Thanks so much Ed!
5	Awesome place! Can't believe how close Heinz field is! The hospitality here is amazing and breakfast is so delicious! This old mansion is very unique and has a great home feeling.  Do be cautious that is it an old house so the stairs may creak and the walls may be a but thin. Love all the decorations here and the fabulous assistance to letting us know about all the great spots in the Burgh!
5	A hidden gem on Western Avenue on the North Side. The Parador Inn is a beautifully decorated Caribbean themed bed and breakfast thats located minutes (walking) from both PNC Park and Heinz Field. Palm Trees, chandeliers, and beautiful furnishings. Plus, the patio out behind the house has to be seen to be believed. Ed, and his two black Labs, RJ and Razor are your hosts, the two dogs are as gentle as any black labs you've ever come across. As I mentioned you're minutes away from the North Shore, Down Town, the South Side and The Strip District. Ed serves breakfast, after that you're on your own. If you just want to lounge around the Parador there are restaurants within walking distance. I was so surprised a bed and breakfast of this magnitude eluded me for so long.
5	The worst thing about this place is that we didn't get to stay longer.  Beautifully renovated, friendly staff, ample and delicious breakfast.  The owner was friendly and very helpful.  Walking distance to many downtown locations, and the light rail.
5	Before I even arrived at The Parador Inn, I knew I'd found a great thing.  Chain hotels several miles from downtown started at $100/night.  Downtown hotels approached $200/night, plus $20/day for parking.  For $150/night, I could see the Parador Inn was close to downtown (near the stadiums, just across Allegheny), parking was free, breakfast included, and I'd booked what amounted to two private sleeping rooms under the guise of one room (the Bougainvillea) at the same rate - which was important as I wanted to be removed from my snoring father.On check-in, I was even more impressed.  The house is vast and amazing, a true old mansion.  Ed has brought a Caribbean touch to this Victorian home with a subtle hand.  It's not kitchy, gaudy, hokey, or tacky.  It's elegant and adds a comfortable, breezy feel to what could easily be a stuffy old mansion.  You'll want to take pictures of the whole property, I promise.  And look up!  The ceilings in the common rooms are fascinating, and I didn't even notice them till the third night.  Ed himself was the perfect proprietor.  Helpful, knowledgeable, friendly, but also efficient.  Available, but not particularly chatty.  He's also a great cook, and we had three diverse and interesting breakfasts across three mornings.  Again, the perfect balance.  This isn't scrambled eggs and toast, but unique and very satisfying dishes, all meats on the side (vegetarian friendly!), accompanied by a yogurt parfait (which my father in particular loved each day) and different fresh baked sweet bread each morning.  The last happy surprise was just how convenient The Parador Inn is.  It's located in a great neighborhood - not exactly a bustling, trendy hub, but a quiet old Victorian district with several chic modern restaurants just a block or two away (with fast food chains as close in the opposite direction if you're on a quickie budget).  You can easily wind down the last few hours of an exhausting day of Pittsburgh sightseeing by strolling around this area before crashing in your room.  The Inn is literally three short blocks from the highway, couldn't be easier to find on your first day.  And for access to Downtown, it's a five minute walk to the light rail, and in the free fare zone, so you can go back and forth from Downtown in minutes for no charge.  In fact, Pittsburgh is so walkable and safe, one night after dark we were at Point State Park downtown and we walked across the bridge back to the hotel - 22 minutes total.  Skip the hotels.  And you won't find a better-located B&B in Pittsburgh.  Stay here and I promise you won't think of staying anywhere else!
4	Stayed at the parador this past weekend with my girlfriend for a night. It was a very great experience. While funky, when evaluating its qualities versus it's qualms, there is no question that they parador is a home run. On the very edges of downtown, a 10 min walk from the casino and very very close to PNC park and Heinz field it's a ions in the rough. The place itself is large ad quaint. The room is similar, our was about 600-800 sq ft by my estimation with a dining table near the full size refrigirator, sink and cabinets, a coffee table, daybed, lounge chairs and tv...and that's just the living room. The bedroom boasts a comfy queen bed, dresser and closet. Bathroom was a normal bathroom. All in all it was a great place. Clean, not pricey, and best of all was Ed with his knowledge and breakfast skills. Thanks for a great experience.
3	Don't let the location fool you! Located next to a rowdy bar, the Parador is a charming b&b with a spacious and homey feel. The rooms were quaintly secluded - however, we could hear the staff making somewhat inappropriate comments about us in the kitchen below our room. The parking situation was very convenient and easy, but sadly the same cannot be said about the staircases, all of which were dangerously steep and narrow. Leave cumbersome suitcases in the car! Finally, the breakfast in the morning was very disappointing. It was bland, not filling and tasted suspiciously store-bought. The effort was there though.Nonetheless, the owner seemed like a genuinely nice guy. He gave us a wonderful dinner recommendation, including in depth directions. All in all, I'd recommend it to someone stopping in Pittsburgh but probably won't make an effort to return.
5	Stellar (and very clean) surroundings, wonderful breakfasts and very attentive hosts. It was a first-time-visit to Pittsburgh by our group of seven. Not only did we fall in llove with the city but with the Parador Inn as well. We will definitely return to both!
5	As a gay man I can say this: Gay men are a blessing to this world. Without us the Parador Inn would not exist and so many lives would go untouched by its magnificence. The Inn was beautifully restored from previous owners (including the proletarian-minded Knights of Columbus). The fixtures, murals, furniture, etc., are a demonstrative labor of love. One of the Innkeepers, Ty, gave a brief tour and shared some of the history of the gorgeous mantles, and unique furnishings. You are instantly swept away upon entering. The Victorian home with the added Caribbean accents provided a nice balance between the heavy and thick energy of the past with the lightness and simplicity of the Caribbean. The updates of color and accoutrement that the expanded theme allows provide a welcome relief to those of us who are sensitive to the spiritual energy imbued in every molecule of objects from a bygone era. I loved staying here. I had magnificent dreams and could see and feel the original inhabitants of this home. They TOO are pleased I believe. Breakfasts were fun and good. The room coffee was good as I could control its strength (I like it strong). But the brew served up at breakfast was weak. Everyone drinking it agreed. They take good care of you here, and they have two lovely black labs who love to play and sit with you (outside only). The rooms are all an adventure and quite comfortable and clean. I took a hot bath for the first time in years and it was worth the room price alone.
5	My first time in Pittsburgh and this was not what I expected. THANK God! This was an oasis. A total retreat when you step off the street and into Ed's door. He is friendly,  welcoming and ever-present while allowing you to explore.  His dogs are well-behaved and the rooms are interesting,  comfortable and unusual.  His complimentary breakfasts are creative and filling. He has created an unusual oasis in the heart of Pa.
5	This is a lovely bed and breakfast!! The staff is extremely helpful, the building is absolutely beautiful and it is in a really great location! The staff recommended that we try a restaurant down the street called Benjamin's, we enjoyed it so much!! The breakfast in the morning was delightful! The staff also tried to make sure we had plans of fun things to do. There was also a very cute dog. Overall really great!! I would definitely stay here again. They also let you come and go as you please throughout the stay!
5	we have stayed here a few times now over the years and doubt we will ever stray from ed and the boys. All the rooms have a caribbean style feel and are equiped with all the modern amenities for a 100 year old mansion. Breakfast is  dee-lish every single time and the staff and other patrons have been absolutely enjoyable.p.s. it is a stones throw from heinz field and pnc park
2	I RARELY write negative reviews but Ed has left me no choice. The Parador Inn is your typical well done B&B. No complaints on the room, the decor, the breakfast - all very nice. But the customer service - YIKES! Ed does not need your money. He does not need you to stay at his manor. He certainly does not need your honest critique of him. And he is very happy to let you know all of this. Similar to why I will not shop at Walmart because I want to spend my money places that deserve it, I would NEVER return to the Parador Inn nor would I send anyone here. Before you think that I am just one bat crap crazy customer, let me explain. Ed's response when we requested additional bottles (by additional I mean 2) of water was to walk to 7-11 and get it ourselves. Really business owner? You are the one who pointed out the "amenity" of the refrigerator with sodas and water. And you response is go buy your own? Wow - thanks. That I could let go of, and did over the weekend. What really did it for me were his comments during our departure. I was in the breakfast area waiting for my husband to take suitcases to the car when Ed entered the room and said "Finally leaving? That couldn't come quick enough." And scene. This business owner needs to take a backseat to his amazing staff and let them handle all of the customer facing responsibilities. They know how to do it, and they do it well.
