5	I love this place! So, yeah, its not the most awesome looking place, but the food and service is THE BEST! I am definitely not a Chinese food professional, but I DO know that lady there (Tam) is SOOO nice, and she really cares that you, the customer, enjoys the food.  I just can write on and on about the service, so I hope you check it out and see for yourself.  Oh, and to top it off, the prices are great.
4	Pretty darn impressed. The interior is old, drab and clean! The food is hot, yummy and great. Do not let the exterior fool you this is legit food. We had Sun devil Chicken....spicey Chicken fried Rice... perfect Steamed dumpling.. i swear they are homemade Sesame chicken... great flavor and nice chicken, not shitty stuff here. The service is amazing, they packed all the food into a box, taped it all down so it didn't move and gave all the extras you need to enjoy a nice take out. Way to go Tam!
4	Nondescript hole in the wall chinese food place... BUT everything I have had was good to great. Fried rice... GoodDumplings... GreatSun Devil Chicken .. GreatService was good although we have only had take out: BUT the wrap the food in a box so there would be no way of spilling. +1 in my book.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! Best sun devil chicken there is. Awsome customer service. Place ain't much to look at but then again that's not what i go there for. Reminds me of Chinatown san Francisco . Tried other placesin the area and none can match up.
5	OMG WHERE DO I BEGIN. Their prices are AMAZING, you get a lunch combo with more food than most dinner combos AND soup w/ wontons and eggroll for UNDER 5$ ! The food is quality and always hot, delivery is FAST and FREE! Best family owned place i have ever had the pleasure to eat at. I love the fact ive been ordering there for years and still get the same friendly voice on the phone! Try the Sun Devil Chicken!
5	We use to go to Chin Wok. There food was good when it first opened. Now they have cut back on quality and quantity. We discovered Winhhing, there food is very good, the owners are friendly and prices reasonable. Give them a try!
5	WOW I'm so glad we found an awesome Chinese food place!!! I was so tired of all the other dirty, slow, bad food places. The food is delicious and they give you a lot! Every time I order I have lunch and a snack for the next day! The prices are really good too. You will not find any other place that offers this amazing food at a great price. Give up your search and step in here or order for pickup/delivery. You won't regret it!!!
5	I've been trying out all of the chinese restaurants in the area and I think I've found my new favorite.  Its right next to Church's chicken and I only found out of it because of the tiny sign out by the road.This place doesn't look like much from the outside, or from the inside.  I don't think I'd want to sit down here with friends; Its clean but there's always a TV blaring some show or news that would interrupt any conversation.  Take out is probably the way to go.I've gotten take out from here twice so far.  The menu says specifically that soup is not included with the dinner combos for take out.  Both times I ordered they included the soup anyway.  The soup is very good.We've tried Chicken Lo Mein, Orange Chicken and Sweet & Sour Pork and all three were great.  They give you plenty of food which is great if you like leftovers.  They're about as fast as any other place, and thier prices are great.  There are a few other places that I dropped in to get menus from and I probably won't even try them after seeing this menu because they cost so much more.
5	I've been going to Wing Hing for 10 years and it's still my FAVORITE Chinese restaurant in northwest Phoenix.  The owner, Tam, and her family are gracious hosts and the food is delicious!  It's fast, cheap and the portions are huge.  The lunch combo is the best deal in town.  It's $4.95 and you get wanton chips and dip (sweet & sour and Chinese mustard), soup, rice, wontons, an egg roll and your entree.  Try the Orange Chicken - it is sweet, spicy and crunchy.  I get it each and every time I go.  If you've been searching for a reliable Chinese restaurant in Peoria, Pay Tam a visit at Wing Hing.  You'll never have to search again.
5	We have been coming to Wing Hing for at least 15 years now! It is hands down the best Chinese food in the valley! The have amazing egg drop soup, crab puffs are out of this world, and every entree is amazing! I have never had a bad meal there! The portion sizes are huge as well. This place is great...and the family that runs it is always extremely pleasant! Please try this place...you will not be disappointed!
3	After reading the reviews we thought we would give this place a try. As another Yelper put it, the decor is very outdated and the interior is small. The owners are very nice and try to accommodate you if you have a special request. The food is very 'New York' style with spicy brown sauces that were salty as well. Not the healthy new style Chinese food. Most of the food was good. Had Hunan chicken, hot and sour soup, noodle soup, orange chicken, and General Tso's chicken. Very reasonably priced and did fill the belly, so that is good.
4	Looks like a hole in the wall spot but it has great grub. I got the lunch special  of lemon chicken combo that comes with 1 egg roll & brown rice & added  a small drink for $6.50.! Can't beat that price for the quality and quantity of dish. I also spilt a appetizer of potstickes which were scrumptious. The batter if the lemon chicken was mde from scratch. They got the deans award for health inspection from 3 TV News this past week.
5	The food is always awesome. Great comfort food. Love to eat with family.  The service is always great
5	I am a 2x a month delivery order who tries different things and I can say I've enjoyed 90% of what I have eaten. My favs are the hot and sour soup, dragon balls, and the house chow mein.Also portion size is good and they package the delivery order so there is no way it spills or is messy.
5	Using Yelp, I trusted the ratings that customers posted for this restauant and am now enjoying real quality Chinese dishes.  I started with Crab wontons, BBQ Pork Fried Rice, Mongolian Beef and Beef and Broccoli.  All were perfect with extreme freshness and flavor.Tam was very nice to talk to, I told her that Yelp led me to her business.I have found my replacement, no more Panda.
1	I called them at 9pm and they told me they would deliver, I live less than 3 miles away and an hour went by and still no food showed up. I called them back and they said they couldn't get ahold of their driver, then they told me it would be another 30-40 min, which is what they had originally told me. I could hardly understand the woman and because they still had not yet brought me my food, it was too late to order from anywhere else. Poor business management in general. I will NOT call them again.
3	Potsitckers would have been great if some werent hard/burned. Great service. Kung pao was sup par, lacked spice and was kind of rubbery. Probably wont be returning,  although I had high hopes for this little joint!
1	We recently moved into the area and I was looking for some good Chinese food. I thought I'd give this place a try and ordered take-out based on other ppls reviews. When I went to go pick up the food the place was very dingy and dirty looking to me. Had I known the place was going to be this dirty I would never had ordered. But despite this, I thought I'd still give it the benefit of the doubt. I was wrong! So wrong! We ordered orange beef, hot 'n sour soup, and some lo me in. Pretty basic Chinese-American dishes. It was awful. The food was mushy like it had been sitting awhile. It was the worst Chinese food I have ever tasted.
