3	This is the type of walk-up pizza joint where you stare into the glass case at the pizzas that have been sitting there for who knows how long, select your slice, then they run it through the oven and everything is hunky-dory.I like this pizza. It's the kind that you have to wring out before you can eat it, but, if you're lucky like me, and you have a friend who will demand that you keep the wrung-out grease so he can dip his pizza in it, then nothing goes to waste. The Hawaiian and the veggie are LOADED with good toppings, and it's the perfect accompaniment to the buck brews they serve at EI. And it's, like, $2.50 or so. And the slice is humongous.I don't think I have ever gone to EI specifically to get a slice of Metro pizza. But, if you're going there anyway, and you're hungry, then this is a fine choice out of EI's two other dining options.
1	We DEFINITELY did not go here for pizza. It was the only thing available. We were actually going to dine in the restaurant at Ellis Island because lil guy wanted ribs. Well, the kitchen was closed that particular night and they were on a limited menu. Ribs was not part of it. Then, we decided to walk over to the brewery because they also serve ribs, but we got there at 10:03pm and they close at 10pm.Hubby had been driving and driving around like he usually does and couldn't make up his mind where we should eat. Of course, hours go by and we've just completely missed the boat. A couple who were waiting by the brewery said they'd been there for 45 minutes and still were not seated. GODAMMIT. Lil guy was now starving.So there was only one thing left. Metro Pizza. The stuff looked like it'd been sitting there forever. OK the good thing is that these pizza slices were paper thin (the way I like my pizza).We waited a long time since the guy behind near the oven was on his cell phone. 8-10 mins go by and another guy comes over and helps us. Lil guy wanted a slice of pepperoni and hubby and I got the combo topping selection. Boy, the guy didn't even put it into the oven for us and I didn't know to ask.We sit down and lil guy immediately said "mommy, this is really greasy". He had picked up the slice and his plate had a pool of oil just laying there. I would've taken a photo but my hands were greasy from my own slice so I decided not to soil my camera.I ended up using about 10 napkins to soak up some of the oil from lil guy's pizza. Our slices weren't all that great either. I guess if you've been out partying and drinking, all that grease is probably okay. However, we were starving and it was just a disgusting end to an otherwise great day.No, I'll never have pizza here again. GROSS! But they're open until 3am.
3	After a night of drinking and karaoke at Ellis, I was starved and saw this pizza joint. I do have to say the food was good but I was a little tipsy when I had it. I would have to give it another shot sober to see how it really tasted. I do have one recommendation, and that is to put extra, cold shredded mozzarella cheese on top of the warm pizza. It is the most fantastic thing. I remember having it just like it when I was in college and it is the best. If you don't believe me try it and you will be hooked. The price was not too expensive and the extra cheese only cost 50 cents extra, which in my mind was well worth it. I will try it again sometime and maybe I will be sober next time I try it again, but I offer no guarantee. I will, however, guaranteed there will be some extra cold cheese on my next pizza.
4	Gotham pizza, try it. Trust me. Sundays are 2-4-1.
4	Good, cheap thin crust pizza. $3 a slice and you can get a $1.50 micro brewed beer from the nearby bar. It can be hard to find a place to sit sometimes, but they've never had a problem with me using a slant top video poker machine as a table. I know some of the other reviews mention the grease. I like mushroom pizza which is rarely greasy since it is the meats, especially pepperoni, that are responsible for most of the grease. I didn't find their mushroom pizza particularly greasy. Their combo didn't look bad either, but I could see their pepperoni being on the greasy side as it is packed with huge slices of pepperoni. Still, its probably delicious.
4	new york style pizza perfected - slightly sweet, amazingly thin crust with just the right amount of sauce, fresh mozzarella, and rotating, seemingly random toppings. grab a slice and order a cup of their famous, house-brewed root beer or beer for less than 5 bucks... delicious!
5	Been there many times its Good good good stuff. Yes it's greasy but so what it's good!  Best pizza I've had outside of Michigan. It always is fresh because theirs usually a line to get it at least when I've been there.
5	I am a native New Yorker I will keep it short and to the point - Best pizza west of New York City. For some reason this location seems to have the best pie of all the Metros.
3	We wanted to order the focaccia deep dish pizza, but when we called around 2pm for delivery at 6:30pm, they said they can't do it because it takes them 24 hours to make it. SERIOUSLY? 24 hours to make a pizza? I know it was large, but I could raise a cow and make my own cheese in that time period! It's weird because my friend had it before and definitely did not have to call it in any more than 10 hours, let alone 24!So we just got two medium pizzas and a large salad. All this fed 8 girls for $70. Seemed pretty expensive for cheese pizza, but it was good at least. All in all, 3.5 stars. It probably would have been higher if we got the focaccia pizza!
4	Love Metro Pizza forever but I love even more that it's located in a bar and it's cheap! Great pizza and great vibes. Especially on Thursdays, buy one get one free and 1.50 hefe's! For sure my fave spot to go every Thursday.
4	Great pizza
2	The pizza wasn't bad at all...I even went for a second slice...the roach I saw on the counter...not so much.  That is what comepletely turned me off.  We were at Ellis Island anyway and I was in serious need of food to try & soak up some of the alcohol so I figured why not.  Well, not again.  They get 2 stars because the quality of the pizza was decent and hit the spot...if it weren't for that they'd only get 1.  I know places have bugs that us customers never see.  But when it crawls out ON THE COUNTER where the guy is about to set down my slice...NO THANK YOU!
4	Delicious and greasy just how I LIKE it!!!!!! Seriously it surprised me!!!!
5	Maybe it was hunger from walking the strip all day, or maybe all the beer we bought from 7-11 complimented it more, but this was GOOD pizza! If you're in a group it's more economical to get a large pizza than to buy single slices. Best thing to do is get one (or two) to take it up to your hotel room. The pizza is worth it and probably cheaper than other places on the strip.
1	All I wanted was some damn pizza. Tried to order it to the hotel room and they said they would not accommodate my specific order. I wanted something that they make on their menu, the Margherita pizza, but they said they would not make it for me for delivery. To which my reply was that makes no sense, you can make it and if I come down there in your store and get it I can have it but you will not deliver? They replied yes, we just won't do it for a delivery order but you can build and make your own pizza. So wouldn't I just be able to build a margherita pizza? Huh? What in the world? man people are idiots.
4	Yum! The sausage is to die for! Just dont make the same mistake and try to bring your 11 year old with you...no eating in the establishment if you are under 21! CHECK PLEASE!!! LOL
2	Meh.....the pizza was okay.  Always wanted to try Metro as I've heard how good the pie is.   Well, maybe in a stand alone restaurant it is; but here, it was just okay.  Definitely an attempt at NY style, but other than a somewhat thin crust that can be folded.....that's about it.   Decent pie if you're hungry.   Gourmet or award winning?  Naw.   Remind you of NY?  Not really.    But, for what it is......it's just fine.
4	I was famished after a day of playing tourist and stumbled into the Ellis Island Casino, where in a little corner, you will find this Pizza place.I had heard from the shuttle driver that the pizzas are yummy and yes, that is so!Thursdays are buy one slice or pizza and get one free. Same thing on Sundays too. I watched as dazed gamblers would rouse themselves from all their slot action and stumble over to Metro and grab a pizza slice and beer. There is a little area now with three booths that the under 21 crowd can chow down at. Otherwise, a sign does warn that around the corner is 21 and up only. That's because there are enormous vats of beer brewing right behind some windows. I guess Ellis Island brews it's own, which is brewing sustainably. The pizza's are DELICIOUS! I had the Supreme slice and it was loaded with every good thing! In fact the piece of pie was so top heavy with ingredients that I could not lift it up to my mouth to eat, so I rolled it and thought to myself, I am going to get a heart attack from this, but I will die happy! I also ordered a 16 oz. cup of their brewed on the spot light beer and it only cost $1.75 for a cup. Also had the antipasto salad made on the premises and it was unholy good too! After pulling out the onions and peppers, it was full of slices of meat and cheeses with a wonderful Italian balsamic dressing.Deducted 1 YELP STAR for surly service from the bored-looking cashiers.  But forget about feeding the sluts... I mean slots.. at this Casino. Just go for the pizza action!
4	LOVE Metro Pizza and love it even more on Thursdays... 2 for 1 slices and 2 for 1 ANY pizza! I suggest you order ahead of time when it's a Friday!
1	$40 dollar, hour and a half long delivery time pizza. Burnt and cold. Pass.
4	this place is good. i love pizza, it does get soggy really quick due the the grease. i love my pizza's crispy. i always have them extra well done which comes out perfect for my tasting. the ingredients they use taste very fresh. meatballs are to die for and the pizza's are huge. not to mention the deals they have on thurs and sun. bogo for carryout. yum yum goodness. actually had metro the other day.
1	Dear Vegas,Stop voting Metro our city's best pizza. It makes us look like a bunch of uncultured schmucks.Anyone who says that Metro is anything like authentic New York style pizza has no idea what they're talking about.This may be the greasiest pizza I have ever eaten. Sloppy, soggy and oily even when you think you're getting a fresh slice. And the crust tastes like Chef Boy-Ar-Dee pizza in a box.New Yorkers wouldn't wipe their ass with this pizza. Certainly not with all that grease.Skip Metro unless you're getting free slices and beers in the mail from Ellis Island.
3	When staying next door at the Super 8 Koval, this is certainly a convenient option if you don't have time to go elsewhere for dinner, though certainly not the cheapest in town. Their vegetarian pizzas are pretty good and full of toppings and it is better than your average Pizza Hut, Little Caesar's, Domino's, etc. I have ordered from their location at least 4-5 times in the last couple years that I visted Vegas, and the service has been okay.The thing I didn't really like is that even if you're staying next door at the Super 8, they will add on a delivery charge (I believe it was $3; what!!?) to get your order to your room, so you might as well just go to the counter, order, then come back in about 15-20 minutes or so and then pick up your pizza. Come on, the prices are pretty expensive as they are; how much more money does Metro Pizza really need?
4	Pretty much the standard for pizza in Las Vegas..
4	I love this place! 2 slices of pizza and a couple of beers and you're done. Stuffed pizza is a specialty of theirs, and they always have monthly specials.
4	After trying numerous places in the valley pizza parlor- this is the only place i go to and i love there Sunday and Thursday specials
4	I had one slice of pepperoni and one slice of Margherita pizza. It was Thursday which happened to be the day of their 2 slices for the price of 1 promotion. What a deal! The slices were large, the pizza was excellent, very tasty with generous toppings and neither too crisp or too limp. Combined with a $3 draft beer from Ellis Island's brewery, it was a very satisfying meal. I will definitely be back here again.
2	The pizza is OK. I figured I'm already here, who wants to drive somewhere else to get something to eat. The sauce was ok, and the ingredients were flat. Nothing really spectacular about this.
5	Hands down best pizza pie in Vegas. Get the metro well worth it.
5	Excellent calzone. Unreal. Take it into bar and enjoy with a beer. Even though Ellis island bartenders are the worst ever.
2	Not bad pizza but what made my review so low was the $10 delivery price.  Kinda high and not sure why so high!
4	2 for 1 Whole Pizzas on Sundays and 2 for 1 Slices or Whole Pizzas on Thursdays. This location only. No player card needed. Open everyday from 11 am to 12 midnight!Located inside the Ellis Island Casino off of Flamingo and Paradise, this find of a gem is a must especially on those days! For those that are not familiar with Metro Pizza, these guys are consistently in the top 5 of the Best of Las Vegas. For you first timers I suggest the Gotham, which has a little bit of everything. If not that, then the Honululu, which has ham, pineapple, green onions, and bacon bits!They not only have pizza, but their Garlic Romano Fries will definitely keep the vampires away from you! Or that one obnoxious person you don't wanna talk to! They have other locations as well but why would you not go here on those two days listed? You not only save money, but you get 2 awesome pizzas guaranteed!The only downfall I think is that on those particular days, they are very busy. They do have booths with tables but they are usually taken. My suggestion would be to call for pick up. When you get there, if there are tables available, by all means, grab them! If not, then you can always go somewhere else to eat.Lastly, don't forget to get an Ellis Island player's card because you just might score a free slice!
5	The best pizza in town is at this location. The closest I have found to NY Style pizza. 2-1 days are Thursday's and Sunday's. Slice and brew from Ellis island with a group of friends watching sports = priceless.
4	This pizza hit the spot! Tastier (and cheaper) than most of the recommended casual pizza joints on the strip. A little on the greasy side, but nothing a napkin couldn't fix. Can't beat this value.
4	Good fresh sauce and delicious crust. I ordered the cheese pizza. It was hot, fresh, and tasty! My only complaint was that they were out of spinach salads. Thursdays 2 for 1 pizzas.
4	Great pizza place located inside Ellis Island Casino and Brewery. We ate here several years ago and couldn't get the pizza out of our head. They serve traditional NY style pizza here along with salads and wings.We came on a Sunday and it was 2 for 1 large pizzas no exceptions. Since it was just 2 of us we asked if we could get 2 smalls and they said no. I thought it was a ridiculous idea for them to refuse to let us only get 1 pizza! What a waste of food. We found a group of hungry looking college kids and they graciously took the pizza off of our hands. We ordered pepperoni and sausage. The sauce is heavenly and the crust has enough chew. The only bad thing is that it gets soggy on the bottom. I didn't keep me from enjoying 3 slices. I love that it isn't too loaded with cheese so you can enjoy the pizza with out feeling totally guilty. I totally recommend this place for cheap and late night eats when in Vegas. So much better than popular chain places.
4	4.5 stars because the 2 for one deal is great and you can get a stuffed pizza and a free regular pizza, too. The stuffed pizza is about the best I've ever had..  Sausage is sooooo tasty.  Crust is so yeasty and good.
5	The Best Pizza In Town! The best tasting pizza I've ever had and they have great deals!
4	Great Pizza, but get it HOT right out of the oven!Had ventured to this Metro pizza a couple of years ago after trekking over from the Flamingo hotel...had grabbed a 2 for 1 slice of their plain cheese pizza...then went to the convenience store nearby and grabbed an ice cold bottle of Mexican Coca Cola...I was in heaven with that combination.Two years later we made the trek again...three times 9after hopping on the shuttle from the Rio to Bally's (and a five minute walk)).The first visit, the pizza was still incredible. We had to wait 10 minutes for the pizza to come out of the oven, but it was worth the wait.Also had the pizza with a pint of the Elllis Island beer home brew...delicious combination.The second visit was OK. Again we had to wait for the pizza to come out of the oven, but it wasn't as good as the previous slices...kinda soggy and not crispy.The third visit was totally terrible, instead of waiting to have a pizza slice fresh from the oven we grabbed a slice that was under the heat lamp. The cashier said it had only been there for a few minutes.The pizza was kinda cold and the experience made me frustrated that we didn't wait for fresh pizza from the oven...in hindsight, I wish I had complained to the cashier about our experience.
5	Not far from the strip, this place is the best kept secret. Inside Ellis Island, tiny casino. Pizza is always good, and the prices are fantastic. Sundays they have 2 for 1 large pizzas. They deliver too!
5	This place is so amazing. Last night hubby and I ordered pizza and salad from here and had it delivered to our room at the Aria. Let me start by saying these people are so nice. After getting screamed at by some nutcase at Sicili's about how they don't deliver to Aria (sorry for asking, but you really should just post that on your yelp page or website) they were just a breath of fresh air.   We got a small stuffed pizza that was delivered HOT and a salad that was fresh and had no problem including the extra ranch (which was so good I could put it n an old work boot and enjoy). They even threw in two jumbo sized root beers.  I would def order from them again.
5	This place is located inside Ellis Island casino. They usually have 4 different pies out for slices and at least one or two of them are still hot. This is great when you don't feel like waiting for them to warm the pizza in the oven. Thursday is the best day to go, two for  1 slices. 2 Slices should fill you up. I'm from NJ so most of the pizza I have eaten out here has let me down , but this is pretty close to East coast pizza. 5 Stars !
