5	This place rocks!! Yes, it costs more than a Supercuts ($21 for a haircut), but seriously, it's your hair! Pamper yourself and pay the extra $5! You will be treated to a prompt, precise, barber haircut, straight razor trim (complete with the heated foam) hot towel, aftershave, shoulder massage, TVs, pool table?! Why wouldn't you? Try them today! Getting married? $45 The Works for you and your groomsman. (cigar included)
5	Best barbershop in the phoenix area.  Go to Vadim...he is like the michael jordan of cutting hair! 16 bucks and some change with a military discount. Straight razor lineup, hot shaving cream, hot towel, and a slightly awkward neck massage.  There are several tvs in there with man stations on...ie espn, as well as a clean decor with a fricken pool table! Go there...like, now!
5	Vadim is a wonderful barber. He is eloquent on many topics, wine, sports, restaurants and life in general. Great conversation and quiet when he knows you want quiet. Try a face treatment and your day will be just fine.John Gatz
3	First impressions were great.  It's clean, and pretty nice looking inside.  They have a pool table, which is pretty cool.  I wished the chairs that you wait in were a little more comfortable, but fortunately, I wasn't in them long, which is another plus.  They were quick to accommodate me as a walk in.The hair cut started off good.  He was very detailed and took his time with it.  The conversation was good, and having ESPN on was another plus.  However, him taking his time, started to take too long.  I can appreciate attention to detail, but when the guy next to us knocks out 2 haircuts before mine is done, then I start to wonder.The straight razor shave was a pretty unpleasant experience, though in fairness, I think it was due to my thick 2 day stubble, and he had to change the blade twice.  If you don't have a thick beard, and have had straight razor shaves before, then this would probably be for you.  He used a hot towel a few times, and really did what he could to make the experience good.Overall, it took an hour and a half for a shave & a haircut, which is a bit too long in my opinion.  Also, the next day after a shower, I noticed that the hair on the left side of the top of my head is slightly longer than the right side.  All that time he spent on my head, and it still came out uneven?One more plus is that they offer a 20% discount if you have the Passport card.  So my $45 bill was $36.I will eventually give this place another shot, perhaps another location or another barber, but I will explore other options first to see if I find something better.
4	I usually go to another barbershop in the area. However, I needed to get a shave and a haircut last minute and they were the only one that was still open after 4pm on Saturday.Despite rolling in at 4:40, 20 minutes before they close, they had no problem taking me and never rushed the service. The haircut was one of the better ones I received, and the shave was done with a lot of care. Great service, great atmosphere. I will probably return again.
5	Holy cow! I just had a haircut and a shave, and the experience was awesome! The cut was very good ( as always), but the shave was incredible! It took about 45 minutes, and was as "full service" as you can get (straight razor, hot towels, clay mask, cold towels, shoulder massage after). You owe it to yourself to give it a shot, guys!
5	Old school barber shop. Clean and cozy. Pool table. This place is busy, having an appointment is a a very good idea. Competitive pricing. Cesar is a very talented barber with superb customer service skills. One of the best cuts I have ever had, possibly the best. Highly recommended.
4	Love the old school barbershop feel and the staff is always friendly. Prices are great and they even give a $2 discount for father/son cut. I splurged for an extra $25 and got the shave/facial treatment. Holy cow, that was amazing. I grew up going to an old school barbershop and this has definitely became my spot since moving to Phoenix.
1	Scheduled an appointment by phone on a Monday for Wednesday @ 4:30pm. Showed up 10 mins early told gentlemen I had an appointment, they said have a seat. Waited with others 20 mins past my appointment, another gentlemen was sat before me with an appt. I let them know mine was 20 mins ago. Guy looks me up. "No, you're not in the system. I can book you for tomorrow,".... The place was a mess, not picking up between customers, hair on floor, and the customer service was horrible so at that point I just left. I was going to get the whole deal for $70 and planned on making this my new spot. Guess not. Hopefully the other V's in the valley have a higher company standard than this one. Called the other chandler location immediately after leaving here and got a friendly older gentlemen who booked my appointment and even gave me the name of my barber for when I arrive. That's actual customer service!
4	We took my 2.5 year old grandson for a cut and he got the full treatment. Omar(?) did a great job working with our little one that wanted to get a big boy hair cut but was a little nervous. He got to watch Sesame Street while the barber worked his magic. He then got a (warm) hot towel for his face and a little massage. It was perfect! Great job V's.
4	Very little wait time. Nice decor, and very cleanly. $21 is a little more than I like to pay for a cut, but the guy who cut my hair was very friendly, receptive to me saying "maybe a little bit shorter" about three times, and knew scissor cutting well. The hot towel and straight blade neck shave was a nice touch to finish. Check it out if you're looking for somewhere new!
5	This place is absolutely outstanding the service is exceptional especially from Vic and Willy who are masters of their craft and you get a big screen TV a complementary soft drink and a wonderful big comfy chair to sit in I would recommend this place for any gentleman who needs a wonderful haircut
5	I seriously can not believe I've been wasting my time/money/hair anywhere else.  This place is amazing.I don't go to a stylist - I'm a man who relies on a strong jaw and deep, dreamy eyes for his presentation, not fancy hair perms. When I get up in the morning, I maybe have time to rub some wax through my hair before I'm driving cars and flexing muscles and being generally masculine and handsome, so I go to simple hair places where they can just cut my hair, and I can get on with my day.My pet peeve is when I go to get my hair cut, and the hair cutter person asks me what I want, and then has a bunch of questions. I don't have time for that mess - just cut the hair! I don't care if you use clippers or scissors or a weed eater, just do the job and make me look good so I can get back to things. My experience at V's is just that - "How do you want your hair?" Just make it look good.  Boom - job's done.  But wait...Finishing up the job with a straight razor shave on my neck, ears, and sideburns? Uhmm... yes please.  A quick trim of the eyebrows, a brief neck and shoulders massage, and a hot towel?  Awesome.  And I was in and out with no wait.I'm not going anywhere else from now on.
5	"Boybershop" bring your boys in for the full treatment. Omar did a great job trimming up our 2.5 year old!
5	A pool table. Reminiscent of a bye gone era. Best cut I've had in years. Thanks Omar
5	Hands down the best hair cut I have had....I have been coming here for 3 years now and the level of service is unmatched by any other place I've been. Issac is the man here but everyone does a great job!
5	Great first time experience at a barbershop! Had tvs playing espn while you wait and had a lot of guys working so it wasn't that long. The guy who cut my hair really took his time and did a great job. Will be back!
5	I'm writing this review on behalf of my husband because he won't get his hair cut anywhere but V's.  Even on a busy day, he never has to wait that long to get in, and he loves the straight razor shave and quick massage with that little machine they put on their hand.
