4	iTwist is tucked away  in the Mekong Plaza in Mesa. The Mekong Plaza is on the southeast corner of Dobson and Main. For those feeling adventurous, you could even take the light rail all the way to the Sycamore and Main stop to enjoy the frozen yogurt shop. Onto the review. You have two choices when you visit iTwist. Yogurt cup or smoothie cup. I have opted for the smoothie cup in the past while other family members have enjoyed the yogurt cup. The owner/manager of iTwist is very helpful and is willing to offer tiny samples of the various yogurts he offers his customers. I have tried the lychee and taro yogurts, both are equally phenomenal on their own. However, when blended together with cheesecake bites, the tart and sweet flavor is mind blowing. Some of the other flavors include chocolate, vanilla, red velvet cake, Irish mint, white chocolate macadamia nut, strawberry kiwi, boysenberry, and plain. By the way, did I mention that these yogurts are either low fat or non fat? That's right folks, if you are watching your waistline, you can enjoy these yogurts without affecting your fitness. After you select your yogurt, at the end of the yogurt dispensers are toppings you can add. These toppings include fresh fruits, cookie dough, Oreo cookies, cheesecake bites, gummy bears, various nuts, and candy bites. Once you are done creating your own cup of deliciousness, you have the contents and the cup weighed on a scale and pay the kind gentlemen that helped you in the first place and you are on your way. The shop is kept clean and tidy. The owner/manager does a great job of keeping the shop in pristine condition. The decor of the place is inviting and fun at the same time. With that being said, if you are in the area and want to try something new and fun, PLEASE check out iTwist located in the Mekong Plaza. Get away from the chain restaurants and ice cream shops and support local business.
3	Very good yogurts...  Would not consider this a Golden Spoon level of goodness, but definitely would go back.I had the Giradelli Chocolate and Cheese cake mixed.
4	i love, love, LOVE fro-yo! this place is smart in that they keep the sample cups behind the counter. they have a handful of different yogurt flavors...including red velvet. however, i thought it was a bit too chocolate-y. my favorites were the original tart flavor and taro flavor. they have a variety of toppings as well including cookie dough and cheesecake bites! i'm a creature of habit and always get my fro-yo with fresh strawberries, mango, and mochi. its the perfect snack on an excruciatingly hot day. =)
1	Closed half an hour before closing... would love to make up my own business hours.Yogurt is only sub-par at this place... Same with their toppings.Them closing early was what sealed the deal on this place for my wife and I.
3	Haven't been here in forever but lately I have been craving some of their yogurt flavors. Maybe because all I have lately has been Yogurtland, don't get me wrong, Yogurtland is delicious but it isn't tart enough for me. I would recommend going here for their Asian flavors. I love the taro, you would expect sweet and creamy and maybe thats what you like, but its different. Its tarty and I just love it! Also lychee and the original tart.I haven't been there since their addition of everything else so I can't really comment on their bobas and what not.
3	The froyo selections are just the same as the tons of other froyo spots in the valley. I just have a couple of gripes in terms of the service and drinks they offer.Aside from frozen yogurt, they sell Boba drinks. I ordered the most basic of Boba drinks, a Milk Tea Boba. Because my GF got a cup of yogurt there, thought I'd try out the Boba. Big mistake! The Boba drink took forever to be prepared because the staff didn't start making any of the drinks (mine and two other orders from customers ahead of me) until all orders were in. They had two people working, so there's no excuse. One could have been taking orders working the register while the other prepared the orders. Total lack of organization IMHO. That's fine, I was willing to look past that because I came for the Boba. Now the Boba was just as disappointing if not worst. The Boba was hard and not consistent (some were soft but most were hard and just not edible). The drink was served to me hot with ice so the the drink wasn't even prepared right. If you want froyo, this spot will do. Just won't get any drinks or boba from here again! Go next door to the boba shop or to the boba spot net to Lee Lee's Market (I believe it's called Boba Tea House), much better by comparison.
4	Yogurt + Boba = :)For some time now I had to go to 2 different places: one for yogurt and one for Boba.  Oh such a hassle!  Wait what's this?  Yogurt and Boba in one place com'on don't tease me! Finally, someone put 2 of my favorite, but not frequent :) desserts in one. What took so long! This nice little mom/pop shop is located on the North side of Mekong Plaza.  Perfect location for patrons about to leave the food court to grab a quick dessert.  I ordered the Wild Berry Smoothie with some Boba.  I love it when the ice makes the Boba a tad bit harder.  So much fun and so much yum!  The place itself is very modern and sleek like any other yogurt shop where you have to serve your own yogurt.  Nice high top tables and with some Easter color designs.  Reminds me of the old days when Boba shops first appeared in the scene. - Enjoy!
2	Capping off my less than stellar visit to Thai Spice down the hall, iTwist Yogurt continued the trend.They normally only  have 6 flavors, but today 1 was out and only had 5.  Out of the 5, 2 were vanilla/chocolate & then 3 tart flavors which all sounded about the same and not particularly appealing.  I went with vanilla & chocolate... chocolate came out weird at first but then was OK & tasted fine.  Vanilla had a weird flavor & color to it and I didn't eat it.  Toppings were limited - not even close to the selection you see in most other yogurt places.After being closed the first time I tried to come here, and then the lackluster experience when they were actually open, I don't think I'll be giving them a 3rd try.
5	Best boba in Arizona! Every single place I've been to has had boba with hard centers. No good! ITwist has chewy, sweet boba~ Not to mention a large menu of drinks to choose from. This is also the only place I've been to that has jasmine milk tea. So delicious! I also got the green tea frapp once, it was pretty good! Although they do charge extra for boba, they give you a pretty big portion of it.Oh, and they have those punchy cards, too. Buy ten drinks and get one free. Boba Tea House got rid of their's so I think I'll just go to ITwist from now on~ Good service too. Never had the froyo, though. I prefer to go somewhere with more flavor selections. I'll stick with the bubble tea, thanks!
3	It's a half boba and half yogurt place. So it kind of does both semi well. But not great. The biggest thing about this place is that it's in Mekong Plaza. I come here after eating at other restaurants. And if I wanted to, I can go to Taiwan Express next door to get boba too,My friends like it here because they have the options of yogurt or boba. Their yogurt selection is really limited. They have decent variety of boba flavors. But if you don't see a flavor you want for boba, go next door and see if the other place has your flavor. If you want yogurt in Mekong Plaza, then this is your only option without driving elsewhere.It's nice sitting around inside though. You could sit and chat with your friends for hours if you really wanted.
