3	The Food Court in the Fashion Show Mall (http://www.yelp.com/biz/rXUBAFqrr00KvVEJ6aNURw?hrid=OYsZi4R_-xj0UuVtTe5vPg) is well laid out, occupying the entire third floor of the mall with a spacious, airy collection of tables ringed by a dozen typical mall eateries.  My problem was that I couldn't find a single thing I wanted from here, so I ended up getting a lemonade and heading to the real restaurants.The food court includes:* Basin Street Cajun Cafe & Grill* Chicken Connection* Chinese Gourmet Express* Great Wraps* Greek Island Cafe* Haagen-Dazs* Hot Dog On A Stick (decent lemonade)* Ichiban* KFC Express* Nathan's Famous (they have amazing carmel apples!)* Philadelphia Steak & Hoagie* Sbarro* Subway* Taco Maker* Wendy's
4	Thank goodness for this place.  After leaving the piano dueling bar at New York New York, at 2am I was, well, starved!  So much for Vegas being a 24 hours place, 'cause we only found this place to eat.  Well, Wendy's DOES have the BEST burgers in the whole world, so I was able to enjoy and get my fill.  Only problem was the semi-homeless (you never can tell in Vegas) that was screaming and knocking things down in the place while we ate.  Well, don't worry because what appeared to be security (or more semi-homeless) chased him out while photographing him with their camera phones.  Viva Las Vegas!
5	This food court is the best in Vegas.  It is the only mall with a real selection that is also very clean.  The food is also an average price which is nice.  There is also always available seating and short lines.
3	Typical mall food court.  The Hot Dog on a Stick girl is pretty dexterous though.  Balancing two Hot Dog on a Sticks in the paper boat with a Cheese on a Stick balanced precariously on top, I saw the weight shift and the Cheese on a Stick (Pepperjack of course!) toppled off the pyramid like a cheerleader and was earthbound.  She quickly swooped in with her free hand and snatched it out of the air like an eagle getting a squirrel.I was informed that she'd make me a new one.  I was thinking.... I know that just came out of the fryer and has got to be hot as hell... you should've just let it hit the floor.  Nice catch though!  3 mins later, snacktime as usual.
3	I wanted the last thicker cheesier slice of cheese pizza @sbarro, but the girl ignored me and gave it to these teenagers instead.  It's sbarro, pizza isn't that great anyway...HA!!!  But I showed them, when I did get my pizza, I quickly ran over to the cashier and paid first!!!*********************KFC Express, you need to serve fried chicken, not strips, wings, and sandwiches, I need my leg and thigh!!!
4	I agree its a typical mall food court. I ate at Subway and Chinese Gourmet Express. The prices were definitely cheaper than the Venetian hotel that my bf and i stayed at. Subway always tasted the same and the Chinese food was similar to Panda express. Only that the chow mein was more on the yellowy side. Very quick food service. It was busier on saturday than sunday lunch.
4	Average food court. Has a ticket booth that sells tickets for cheap prices. The food is good or whatever.They got:- Wendy's- Nathans Famous- Subway- Sbarro- A small crepe joint- Taco Maker- some other stuff.I never found the Cinnmanbon they claimed they had. :'(
4	Jan. 1, 2008: Way to start the New Year!  Well, I've visited the Fashion Show before and it was always a nice experience...window shopping mostly and enjoying the ambiance.  However, this time, I bought something actually on sale...and believe me, there are sales...as long as you don't pass them by.  So for a short break, I was starving and so my friends and I decided...let's grab something quick from the Food Court.  I got some Americanized Chinese food and stopped at Hot Dog on a Stick for their awesome Lemonade...Cherry Lemonade to be exact!  I had to make it 16 oz. because the lady (smile given by: Telaina C.) suggested it...for the extra small price I had to pay.  I got free samples of their regular and lime inspired lemonade as well.  I have to say...still sticking with the cherry.  I'm a pretty loyal customer if you're wondering.  Try this combination with any fast-food at the mall!
2	I had a pizza here and to be honest, it tasted like the same nasty pizza I get from the food court at home. I don't even understand WHY I ate here. It's so many good eating places in Vegas so why go to a mall food court? The only saving grace was the crepe from crazy crepes, but than the dirty tables just ruined that effect. I'm not going to eat here again.
3	Didnt feel like any of the other food court places, so ended up getting the combo meal: one slice of pizza, small salad and drink for like $9. It was ok...food court food. What do you expect.
1	Visit: 10/27/09 - Lunch. Philadelphia Steak.Had the philly steak with onions and mushrooms.  Not good.  Eat something else.Price was expensive.  $12 for my combo meal at a food court.  I will not come back.
1	I has the 2 item plate with Mushroom Chicken and Sesame Chicken. I assumed there would be sesame in the product, but I didn't see one. The chicken was awful, and the items were not even warm when served. Nasty and disgusting food.
2	So we were prepping ourselves for the buffet experience ahead so thought were would just grab something quick to munch on.Tried Philadelphia Cheese Steak, ehhh... they did give plenty of meat, but it was just plain. There was no flavor even when I added a cup full of hot sauce... Well, I can't ask for much, I'm in a food court.  I should've just stuck to the normal stuff, like subway or KFC.
3	Review specifically for Ichiban.We were looking for somewhere to catch an inexpensive breakfast on a Monday morning before our flight.  Since we stayed at Trump we just walked two blocks up to Fashion Show Mall and most of all the food court places were open by 10:30am.I decided to order from Ichiban because they were giving free samples of their chicken teriyaki and it was really good!  I went with the chicken teriyaki udon.  They ask you if you want it spicy or not - but their spicy is not spicy.  The udon itself was light and yummy and they give you tons of chicken with your order.  All in all pretty tasty!Ichiban is a safe bet if you're looking for a meal at Fashion Show Mall.
2	This food court ranks up there with the food courts of airports.  Inflated prices for mall food court selections.  Poor selection.  Disgruntled employees hating life. Do your shopping and go back to the hotels for food.  Don't waste your time or money here.  Places we specifically sampled:Ichiban- Meh...$4 for a small seaweed salad.  SmallPhilly Cheesesteak place: Nothing Philly about itCrepes Place: Not bad. Large serving for about $7Nathan's Hot dog: they served a better pretzel than Serendipity
5	Tons of cheap choices and walking distance from Venetian, Encore, Wynn, and Treasure Island.
3	It is what it is. For tourists who aren't extreme foodies, it's probably a nice cheap eats spot but it isn't anything remarkable. There's a good variety at least with some 10 or so booths, chains like your typical Subway or Panda express to non chains like a Mediterranean place and a crepe/boba place. I'm kinda concerned with only one thing when I head to malls- shop and get the hell out! (eat elsewhere) Sometimes a gal needs some snack fuel and I appreciate there's a Hot Dog on a Stick. I love me some lemonade and a pepper jack cheese on a stick! It's just A-OK since nothing particularly is interesting to me but Hot Dog on a Stick and the Crepes.
2	Jac & Ray tuna cervice salad is a fraud!! It was canned tuna! There was nothing cervice about it. I hate it when places mis-advertise their food.  If this was a restaurant, I would have sent it back.  Oh yeah, it took 20 minutes for them to give me a pre-boxed salad.I'm only giving this place 2 stars cuz 1. the salad was still good and 2. its as cheap as its going to get in Vegas.
4	Years ago, this used to be located on the bottom floor on the opposite end- now it's underneath that futuristic architectural feature that reminds me of Star Trek- you know, you've seen it off the freeway, kinda weird looking. There is access from outside the mall, from the Strip. From inside the mall, just go up the escalators, from the second level (near Hot Topic).Chicken Connection (pretty good), Crazy Crepes (looks interesting, we'll have to try it sometime), Great Wraps (pretty good), Greek Island Cafe (never tried it), Haagen Dazs (yummy, but pricey- $8 for a dazzler), Hot Dog On A Stick (the lemonade is good and the uniforms make me smile), Ichiban (never tried it), Jac & Ray (never tried it), KFC Express (parfait anyone?), Nathan's Famous (supposedly the best hot dogs according to people from back east), Panda Express (a fast food standard located everywhere), Philadelphia Cheese Steak (don't remember if I tried this or not), Sbarro (hate this), Subway (this is #1 in the fast food chain in the US), Taco Maker (never tried it), and Wendy's (frosty please!). There really is something for every taste here. The Chicken Connection and Great Wraps are the best places here. If you prefer something else, there are lots of restaurants here, like Maggiano's (reasonable Italian food, heard this place is really good) or Ra Sushi (you have to exit the mall, and go towards the Strip, entrance is there, lunch specials mon-sat). There is a lady selling attraction tickets near the escalators. The bathrooms are past the Crazy Crepes place. There is ample seating in this food court- probably the best thing about this food court, really. There are tables and chairs, and then, there are areas with tall counter seating with stools as well. So, it shouldn't be hard to find a free table here. All areas are pretty clean.
2	Nothing very special.
1	AVOID Philadelphia Cheese Steak!!!  **DANGER, DANGER**  I had much better food at the airport than this place.  Keep in mind that you are in Vegas, one of the best cities to find good food to eat.Did you really travel all the way here to eat mall food?  It's like coming to this city and then going to McDonalds, KFC, or In&Out.  Why?  Do they not have these places where you live?After doing some shopping, my friend wanted to come here and eat a quick bite but I was very hesitant.I decided to try Philly Cheese Streak and the guy working on the grill 5/16/14 @ 635pm was very disgruntled.  No greeting because he was too busy pre-frying up bell peppers so he can put them in a bin.He asks me what I want.  I give him my order.  Then he comes to the cash register and asks me again what I want.  Don't ask people what they want while you are frying up bell peppers.  Only do one task at a time.  You cannot multi-task.  Just makes you look like an idiot.Look at the sign and it says, try our Fries, the way it's made in Philly.  I ordered a cheese steak with mushrooms and added the combo (med drink and fries). To my surprise, he took a bag of frozen fries from the freezer and poured it in the fryer.  DO THEY MAKE FRIES THIS WAY IN PHILLY?Then he took out a couple of slices of frozen wafer meat from another freezer and put it on the stove to thaw.  Then sliced it up so it "looks" like meat you get from a really Philly Steak.You get very little meat.  Come on, it's frozen, does the rent in the mall cost that much?  The fries were MEH and I could have done a better job at home.I wasted $14 here because I couldn't eat what he made.Fries gets 1 starPhilly Cheese Steak gets 1 starCoke in a styrofoam cup gets -2 starsDisgruntled attitude = PRICELESS
1	We ate at Philadelphia steak and hoagie.  No taste, leave review so I remember not to come here again.
1	The Panachos nachos fries where both cold and old. Ti bad, it would have been pretty good. The Sonora Hotdog was good thought.The wait was almost 20 minutes, with NO line. The cooks in the back must not be on the ball, oh thats right, he came out from ti have a coke and a chat.We will by pass this place nwxt time.
