5	The Clock Doctor is a great business, that provides excellent service.  I have been there many times over the last ten years whenever I need a watch repair, etc.Most recently, I had a watch that I needed sized and I ran through their door right at closing time with the intention of dropping it off to pick up later, but they turned the light back on, spent the time sizing it and sent me on my way.  They did not charge for this either - even though it was simple, that was amazing!Highly recommend this business for any watch/clock related needs!
1	I had good intentions to support a local business with the repair of my watch. For $75 I waited 2 weeks and the watch worked for one day! When I returned to the store I was informed that the watch was damaged and they would need some time to repair it. I waited three weeks and after having called the merchant several times I was informed my watch was ready. It worked for 3 days and stopped once again. I returned the watch to the original manufacturer for a professional repair. All is well now and I have been given a 1 year warranty for the repair. Do not use this merchant!
5	Got Watch?Seriously, right now, who can say they have a watch that: needs a new crystal, a repair, new band, re-sized, or a battery?  Ya, I thought so!  So what are you waiting for?  (and I know you have more than 1, btw).  So gather them up and bring them on over.  (or the poor Coo~Coo Clock with the dead bird inside, or the Clock which no longer has the creepy Twilight Zone "Bong" at midnight - x's 12)Great little family run business, which I think has been at this location many years.  They offer very professional repair on all styles of watches and clocks with any array of issues.
5	I had my Tissot SeaStar watch serviced here recently, and while it wasn't cheap (over $200), I can honestly say that the watch runs better than new.  An automatic watch needs a fine touch to keep quality time, and I was about ready to give up on my watch - it was really not keeping time well at all, and who wants (or needs) a watch that doesn't keep good time?  The only con that I think of, is that it took more than 6 weeks to have the work done.  But as I have other watches, that was OK - now that I have it back it was definitely worth the time it took and the money I spent.  I spoke with Diane and Tyler at the shop, and both were responsive and professional.  Overall, I would recommend this shop and their services.
5	Found this place by accident looking to get a battery replaced on a watch, and I liked the look of the place. So I took my expensive automatic watch off and had them take a look at the brushed titanium, which had seen 15 years of wear and looked beat to hell.  They cleaned the whole thing out, fixed the bracelet, and buffed the watch back to new-looking condition in one working day. What they charged me was silly-cheap... I was expecting to pay at least double.  I'll be back there again, fo sho.
5	These guys are the best!  Always a friendly smile and greeting when you enter the shop, and the service they provide is unbeatable.  I'll always use and recommend them.
5	I love this shop!  i have used it and had great results and customer service.  So then I told to three co-workers who had their own family owned clocks that were heirlooms to take their clock there for repair.  they had great results as well.  In fact two of them brought two more clocks in for repair!  Word of mouth and return customer service says it all!
5	I have done business with this company for several years. First of all what a pleasure to find real craftsmen. Whether it be a simple battery replacement or the repair of a complicate antique clock. Secondly, it is the old time family business, everyone is treated with respect and appreciation, regardless of the size of the job. In addition to repairs, they have a wonderful and large selection of all types of clocks from small to large grandfather clocks. In summation it is wonderful store run by wonderful people.
5	There exists in a quiet small spot in the heart of Scottsdale a little slice of Switzerland!!!  One of the most enchanting shops in our city only equaled by their platinum service & technical expertise!If you need a clock or timepiece serviced.....this is the only place to go!!!  Expert repair on site by very knowledge people.If you are looking for a gift what a treasure trove..........some of the most interesting pieces you will find anywhere.In our city of unparelled shopping this charming store stands alone.  Get out of the heat this summer & take a stroll through Europe!!  You must go just to sit in the mermaid chair as well.Melinda SchechnerScottsdale, Az.
5	We walked into the shop looking for a pendulum that went missing after our move.  Granted, our clock was an inexpensive model, but we were hopeful.  Not only did we get the piece we needed, but we were told no charge.  Free!  Actually, I brought a clock to this store in 1996 after our first move to Arizona and the repair was top notch.
5	Warm, friendly ....  nice and reliable and conveniently located inside PV Mall.
5	Replaced a watch battery in less than 10 minutes while I waited. Great service!
5	Great place to do businees!! We live part time in the Scottsdale, Az. area.  We took our clock in to be repaired and in a matter of minutes our clock problems were solved! Their honesty and straight forward way of doing business was refreshing. We recommend them highly and will ALWAYS go back to do business with them.
5	What can I say, I walked in at closing time on a Saturday and they not only stayed to take some links out of my new watch i received as a gift for Christmas, but he did it for free. I like free! Also gave me a card to someone who can fix my bracelet. I can only hope that the service there is as great. Thanks guys!
5	Visited the store this morning to repair a Cuckoo Clock we purchased in Europe last week.    The service technician made the repairs on the spot and oiled the unit and provided recommendations on how to keep the clock in good working order.   They earned our business for life.
5	I only went to this place because of the great Yelp reviews.  I am always skeptical about the reviews because you sometimes just never know...but in this case, they were totally true.  I walked in looking to order a new watch band for my fathers watch for fathers day.  I walked in and just stood in line.  A lady approached me, since I had the watch in my hand, and ushered me to the correct counter.  I told the guy behind the counter how I think I needed to purchase a new band for the broken clasp, and he took the watch and told me I didn't need a new band.  After tinkering with some tools, he fixed the clasp good as new and didn't charge me anything for it!  And to top it off, he said have a great day!!!All the other places I went to told me I would have to order a band and wouldn't even take the time of day to look at the clasp to see if it was repairable.  We will definitely be coming back for all of our watch and clock needs!They were so nice and carrying and I'd rather give my business to a local business than the crazy money churning moguls.Thanks Clock Doctor!!!!
5	I went to the clock doctor for help with my heirloom banjo clock this afternoon. They were very knowledgeable and helpful, not to mention charming.  My clock was fixed in about 5 minutes and I was given information and interesting history about my  treasured time piece. I would give a sincere  and high recommendation for this establishment.... THank you clock doctor.
5	We came here to replace my watch battery. The two men working were very friendly and laid back. My battery was replaced quickly, and it was just $10, which was a lot cheaper than other places. We will definitely return here!
5	I was referred to this shop about 2 months ago. Visit #1..replace watch battery. Very nice shop. pleasant and helpful employees. Atmosphere of a customer-oriented small business. Trip #2. Needed to fix a clasp on a bracelet. Great service, very little time and now I know where to go when I have "bigger" problems with my other watches in the future. Recommend highly to anyone
5	Agree with the previous great reviews.  Based on those reviews, I went by there and got a battery for my watch.  Quick and easy and they are so incredibly nice and personable.  You can join an email list for monthly emails of coupons or specials and to make this place even sweeter....it is right next to a walk up/drive through Starbucks.  A win win if you ask me!
