3	This particular Fry's is very nice compared to the other ugly dirty ones I have been to in Tucson. This is a pretty large Fry's. They also have a nice Furniture area and electronics section. The reason for the deduction in a star is because during sale days, I can hardly find the stuff I want. Most of the time they are out of it. They do give rainchecks though so that is great. This Fry's can be a stickler on what coupons you use and how many etc, so make sure you know their policy before going shopping. The customer service seems to be semi friendly. I usually take a toddler with me and the nice greeters at the front door typically go and get her a balloon if we stand there long enough to chit chat.
5	I love this Frys..when I lived closer, it was one of the two that I shopped at.  This place has it all...electronics, food, pharmacy, and a Bank of America!  This particular store is georgous!  Very clean, well lit, I love the layout and its a pleasure to shop in.I like it here because its not overdone...the meat and produce section does well for me, becuase its clean and inspires me to cook better food and cook stuff more often.  I love it!
4	this review is for the home decor items.i love their pieces, furniture, flowers, accessories, everything! it's all so cheap and really cute! I got a TON of my stuff from this location- decorations and a kitchen nook table
2	Going a bit against the grain with this one, but...On the surface, this Fry's is as good as the next. It's clean and well-stocked. The people "in the back" are clearly doing their job and well.However, the "front line" is really what makes or breaks a place, if you ask me. Each time I've been here since I moved to the area, I've had problems checking out. The place is slow. The checkers move slowly, and the baggers move slowly. I've only experienced the weekday crew, so maybe the whole vibe changes when the evening and weekend people clock in.I can forgive "slow", and I've usually forgotten it before I'm halfway to the car. However, one particular incident the last time I visited this store really stuck in my craw. I absolutely cannot stand listening to employees badmouth "they", AKA other employees or even the people that sign their paychecks. The cashier for my line was having trouble scanning things, and blaming the meat department ("THEY cannot stick proper barcodes on things, hence I cannot scan them.") Then the customer in front of me had purchased something enclosed in a security device... more problems ("THEY only do this to slow me down. I don't know who would steal this."), and so on.Also, the bagger smashed all my produce under cans. You'd think bagging groceries is some kind of art form that humanity hasn't yet mastered...Anyway, perhaps some believe that recreational complaining and smashed produce are all in a day's work at Fry's and I shouldn't complain, but I think it's downright unprofessional. An otherwise pleasant shopping experience shouldn't end like this.
3	Almost like a super Walmart you'd find in Cali, but with a better grocery section.  Produce, nerf gun, socks, shampoo & earphones can all come out of the same shopping cart at fairly decent prices.  Almost every exit in the places I hit up in AZ have this store--great to run in to grab a cold drink to quench that dusty desert thirst.  I'd find myself hunting down a cold drink like every 2 hours running around this state--too boiling hot for my Cali blood.+ Plenty of locations, easy to spot from the highway, great thirst quenching saver- Literally tour the football field sized store to find the section of cold drinks, then run down the other end for one snack while passing by the other snack you forget to grab halfway through...can almost log a mile in for the day
5	This is THE go-to grocery store for all my friends and family in the area.  I have been shopping here since this building first opened in 1995 as a Smitty's. Oh, how I loved Smitty's.  I could go on for awhile about the classic Arizona grocery store, however, this review is about Fry's, so I will get back to the point.As with other 'Markeplace' stores, this has more than just groceries.  Furniture, bedding/bath goodies, frames, clocks, candles, patio stuff, electronics, music, books and more.  While this is a pretty big store, it doesn't seem as huge as some of those other "super" stores that are so overwhelmingly huge and everything is so spread out that just thinking about going from one end to the other makes me tired.And when it comes to groceries, there is much more than your average store.  Good wine and beer selection, sushi stand, olive bar, deli with ready made (good) sandwiches, and a pretty robust nutrition/health food section.  I love that I can get a frozen CPK pizza in one aisle and my soy milk, kefir, and Vita Coco in the next.   Shish kabobs ready to cook and fresh ground pork (or beef) chorizo, perfect for breakfast burritos at home on the weekend.  Not that pasty stuff that comes out of a tube.  Tip: by making your own burritos, you can remove the grease before putting it in the eggs and avoid the orange grease dripping down your hand.While I love to shop at other stores, like Trader Joe's or Whole Foods, to find fun new items, I go to this Fry's when I need to stock up on the staples or if I'm not sure one of the other stores will have a specific item.  Fry's Marketplace has it all, including my repeated business.
5	Best grocery store I've ever patronized, because the staff is so helpful and friendly. They take all my coupons, even if slightly expired, and always have resolved questions to my satisfaction. Good selection, and when they do run out of something, there is never a problem getting a raimcheck. I even forgot to get a raincheck once on a Tuesday, and customer service gave me one on the following day after the ad change. I have ordered ectra cases of a product, which came in a couple of days later, honored the sale price, and let me use coupons on each one.
5	I love this frys and the coworkers are very nice too.
5	I am a regular at this fry's market place went I enter I make a bee line to the clearance table near the back I have found some killer deals on cooking utensils top brands kitchen aid, oxo you name it I have seen it on these tables just need to look. If you watch the ads as well the meat seems to go on sale in rotations I food save a lot so there is money to be saved. Staff is really friendly and always there to help this is the best fry's market place I have been to.
5	I've been shopping at this store for 4 years and always make me feel at home, good prices and excellentThe staff is very friendly and are always looking for help and give you the best with a good smile, makes me always come back!
5	Fry's is the best ever.  I love the people who work there; so friendly!  The selection is great! The flowers are inexpensive, the organic section is large, and the presentation itself is good!  Love that it now has a gas station....you can earn points and get a lot off of your gas price!  Highly recommend!
4	This place has it all.Groceries, cleaning supplies, storage containers, toys, home goods and furniture plus electronics.I guess that's why it's called "Marketplace".Fry's has always been a good deal in the food department.  I like the deli options.  I especially like the Olive bar that has stuffed grape leaves which is on the high side to me at about $0.50 each as it is charged by weight ($7.99 lb).  Sometimes when all other home goods stores have closed and I just need somewhere to shop or browse I'll come here.  I can't say that I've purchased any big items here, but my friend did and it looks very nice in her home and she got a very good deal.Two things I'm not impressed with are the check yourself out lane, I like being taken care of but the lanes with actual people are always too long.  A HUGE caveat about this place is the parking lot - i have such anxiety just thinking about it.  It's small and not very well lit, then they recently had the nerve to add a gas station, ugh, not impressed at all.  Please drive slow here.
2	Do NOT get me wrong, I Love Frys marketplace,  However I have never been wowed by any Frys Employees at any location.  MAJORITY of the time i never feel welcomed or i get a feeling as though they hate being there which i do not blame them because i hated working at safeway but i could at LEAST put on a nice fake act so i wouldn't have people reviewing my work ethic on here or on secret shops.  Now i don't shop at this frys on a regular basis because i live in chandler and this is totally out of the way for me.  But i do however work near by as a caregiver and have to make Frequent runs to this particular store.          Now as a former Safeway employee i know how much FUN grocery stores can be on holidays or days before prior.  ;)BUT because of the hectic hustle and bustle of the store and their raving mad customers that is NO EXCUSE to be rude to customers who do not know any better.  For example, When i was a cashier way back when, We could do exchanges/returns at the register itself without having to send people to customer service with  NO PROBLEM.  Unfortunately, This store apparently lacks the attitude i had as a cashier or at least this one older female i would say mid 40's early 50's unless she was in her 30's and looked older with dark brown hair.       If a cashier rips off the survey code on the bottom that is a DEAD give away that they know their attitude was beyond poor(To put it Nicely).  I had bought a couple small items thinking that is what the lady i work for had wanted. BUT she wanted a frozen entree and not all the items to make it from scratch rather. oops. So ran back to the store returned the pasta and sauce for the frozen entree went to the register that did not have as many people thinking it would be similar to safeway, smaller items exchange for one item. No Big Deal.  NOPE. IT WAS A HUGE DEAL(To the old Hag anyways)(once again put Nicely).      This lady was pissed that i did not take these two items to customer service and made a dramatic turn of her whole body to look down and see if customer service was busy which i am sure it was (i didn't look as well because i was in so much shock that she was being this ridiculous. I could understand if it was a large amounts of groceries but it was two items for one GET OVER IT! I swear quality customer service is vanishing before my eyes. I would rather have someone animated and funny with a sense of humor before i get a rude snobby person who does not know what quality service is.  I wish to god i remembered her name and wrote it down but she blacked out her name and ripped the survey code off. Once i see her lovely face again i can tell you right then i will not be polite and something sarcastic will come out and she can bet her sorry behind that I will be having a word with the managers or better yet call customer relations before i speak with the managers face to face.  Survey will be horrid and all just based on her alone though.  I know way to many store managers who do not do anything about their employees behavior and to me that's just pathetic because those employees are the brown nosers.Enough rambling right? Well Frys Market Place you are an awesome store and pretty to be a frys but you better watch out i am watching you.
4	It is clean and open and things are pretty much easy to find.
4	Crazy good sushi rolls here for something you'd buy in a grocery store.  I can spend $10 or so and get my fix as I lounge at home on the couch watching the Real Housewives.  What more could I ask for?
1	The past two times I went shopping the lunch meat I bought was over 10 days expired. Very disappointing.
4	Things have gotten a lot better at this Fry's over the years.The selection is still great, and it has gotten even better. They have recently expanded their "health food" section to include selections that rival places like Whole Foods and Sprouts. They have lots of food for people with various dietary needs like gluten allergies, dairy allergies, and so on. They also have a rather extensive selection of alcoholic beverages for a grocery store--probably double that of nearby Safeway and Trader Joe's.The service has gotten better as well. The front end manager does a good job keeping appropriate lanes open for the business of the store, and there are plenty of service clerks for bagging. They must draw straws to see who has to get carts outside, because the parking lot is always swarming with empty carts--not good if you don't fancy your car getting dinged up by a rogue cart blown into motion by the wind. Park far away!
1	I have never had such terrible and disrespectful customer service at a grocery store! Fry's had sections of their lot closed when we went to leave, but several people including myself were inside part of the closed area before they blocked it off. Upon leaving, we pulled up to three Fry's employees who we asked if they would let us out. I let them know there were others in the lot that may be trying to get out as well and the employee's response was "it's their own damn fault if they can't get out." The girl proceeded to chime in about how no one was supposed to be in there. Literally couldn't believe that was the response I got! My husband and I were floored. If that is ANY indication of how they run their store, then no thanks. I'll avoid this one for sure!
4	Use your loyalty card towards gas discounts and  make a ton of points by buying gift cards then filling up.
4	This is my favorite grocery store to go to in the Ahwatukee neighborhood, I shop here more often than Safeway across the street.  Fry's have much better selections than Safeway in all department.  I especially love the beer section where you can mix and match 6 bottles of different type of beer and they always have the domestic beer that I like.  The front line people, mostly the cashiers work fast pace and I'm usually out of the store from checking out and paying in less than 5 minutes.  Definitely a store to shop at when you are in the area.
5	Friendly staff, wide selection. Fair prices. Love that they have petrol / gas now.
1	The new young lady manager is awful. My kid got hurt in their store and all she could ask me was could I fill out some paperwork for her instead of how my child was and if medical attention was needed.
4	Good selection and prices.  The staff seem friendly.
3	The store is well stocked, they usually don't run out of items.  Shopping cards are almost always available.  The produce is fresh and well stocked. The store is clean.  Employees walking around re always ready to assist with finding items.  The problem comes when all your groceries are bagged.  Little regard to actually building the bag but more like shove anything in as few items in as many bags as possible.  Bread gets squished, fruit will more often than not get bruised,  cold items with cleaning supplies, etc.  What's the point of great customer service, clean store and friendly employees if the product becomes damaged when bagged??
1	Bad day at Fry's. This store was out of the blueberries on VIP special, out of Jenny-O sausage, out of pork tenderloins, and nearly out of the deli meats that we needed. On top of that, service with a smile seems to have left the building. I asked an employee near the self-check area if he was the self-check attendant. The guy doesn't even look at me, replies, "No!", and walks away. Then when I do find the attendant, she rudely snatches my coupon from my hand and without saying a word, completes my transaction. What lousy customer orientation. Hope this does not continue.
5	Wow! I came here yesterday during the open house. They've remodeled this frys and its so spacious and huge. It basically has everything you need, even clothes! I think the most impressive parts were the vegetables, so many different kinds! From different colored fingerling potatoes, to even Chinese eggplants! And the bananas were the best looking bananas I've seen in awhile. Also, I went to Safeway the day before and there wasn't asparagus but these guys had a bunch! There were many sales too. The other thing I was impressed about was the Starbucks coffee aisle. Looks so fancy. While I was shopping two people greeted me as they were doing their job and asked if I needed help finding anything. This frys is awesome!
