5	What an amazing experience, from our first email to the final pick up.  The staff was awesome and helped to customize my sisters 40th suprise flocking.  They were in and out for set up in a matter of minutes and were quick to hide behind a palm tree when they thought there were being discovered.  The flock care directions were a great added touch and even the recapture crew was so kind.  We will be sure to use them again and everyone that came to the party LOVED the yard.  Much more than we bargained for and the prices were easy on the pocketbook.
1	I was not satisfied with Flamingos By Night.I ordered 50 flamingos for a very special 50th birthday.  The deal was 50 flamingos and a personalized card.  Only 41 flamingos were delivered and NO card.When I called to inquire/complain, I was originally met with surprise and a response that they would need to talk to their delivery driver and then get back to me (Wouldn't their driver have already advised if they were short of birds???).   I was then called back the next day and advised that their driver had in fact not delivered 50 flamingos (I knew that already......).    Their driver KNEW he didn't deliver the entire order and then snuck-off as opposed to reporting it back and proactively addressing it.   Seriously made me wonder how often this happens with this company and as long as people don't complain, oh well.......The response I got from the owner/manager was something like "thank you so much for bringing this to our attention......".  Huh?  I wasn't telling you to help you in your business.  It was a complaint.   How about a 'sorry' and a refund?Well they ended-up refunding me 20% of the order (apparently because 80% of the order was filled....).  Again, HUH?  If I wanted 80% of an order with NO special personalized card, I would have ordered that and paid that price.The service was frankly pretty useless in this case because 50 flamingos was the whole point!  It was a 50th birthday.  They knew this.They seemed much more interested in covering their bottom line for this single order than providing great service to ensure future business.   Lame......  Based on this experience, I will not use them again.
5	Our family has taken to using Flamingos by Night to surprise "flock" one another on any occasion that seems worthy - 50th birthdays, hospital releases, race challenges.   They've never failed to bring a smile to the faces of those who've been flocked.   They greeted me as I left the house yesterday morning to take part in a personal challenge.
