2	Souper Salad and I have never really bonded.  Sure, we've had a few laughs, but generally by the time we part ways it kinda feels like wasted time.  Not that I haven't been properly filled, but for the price I could have gotten better.  And often healthier.  Ya see, the big secret is that most of this stuff isn't healthy.  Sure some of it is, but it is ALL about control.  And who's ever heard of control in an All you can eat place?  ................Exactly.  And between the bread, pizza, creamy pasta salads and the dessert section with ice cream - didn't you just ruin the whole "Healthy lunch of salad" concept?I remember liking the baked potato bar.  We had good times.  And every once in awhile a those garbanzo beans really hit the spot on the salad.  But several of the times I've gone I feel like the lettuce is wilty or in some other way less than appetizing.  And often other ingredients look similar.  Last time I got a baked potato it was under cooked fairly substantially.  Can you enjoy a meal there?  Sure.  Would I suggest putting this into the regular rotation?  Most likely no.
3	I'm sorry I thought I already reviewed this. . .  Wait, what's this? Is this NOT the same as Sweet Tomatoes? Oh, my bad. I'm not sure which came first so I'm not going to give bonus originality points to either side, but, frankly, neither place is too hot, in my book. The same things apply to both: totally tasteless food in unlimited quantities. And, again, I'm not hating on the AYCE situation, but when you charge almost ten bones for it with no drink included give me some flavor!I drop by from time to time when I realize I have eaten Taco Bell, J in the B, BK, or McD's in recent excess and need to force myself to consume some greens and/or non-fast food. It doesn't mean I enjoy it. For those purposes, cool. Conversely, if you are just looking for a tasty salad, this isn't what you're looking for.
3	Souper Salad...Soup or Salad! Now I don't feel completely secure eating at a communal salad bar. You never know who has been there before you or how long the food has been out. That said sometimes you just have the hunger for a salad bar experience, and if that is true you can't beat the selection at Souper Salad. They have a huge salad bar, soup, pastas, fruit, baked potatoes, and desserts. It's all you can eat and everything tastes good enough! Next time you have a insatiable desire for a lot of salad souper salad is your place. Just don't expect five star food or service!
4	Here's Souper Salad Paradise Valley, another nice link in this very well managed chain.  As I have come to expect, this location features up to date styling, was spotlessly clean, the table service was 5-Stars, & every bite of the food was fresh & tasty.Like Sweet Tomatoes, you eat salad first here, then go back for soup & so on, due to the layout of the dining room.  There are always new dishes to try, both on the long salad line & over at the hot food area.  They're not afraid to serve recipes you've never tasted before, either.  One unusually seasoned but tasty treat offered today was their "Holiday Harvest Soup".When you come, don't miss their delicious chili in a surface kettle, & the sponge cake with strawberries & whipped cream for dessert.  Yum!Souper Salad is an amazing value at $5.99, $5.79 Sr., lunch or dinner, 7 days!
3	Well let me start by saying this is no Sweet tomatoes...but the establishment was clean...the service was good..and the food was decent. Now that is the good news...here is why i only gave Souper Salad only 3 stars...first of all they had only 4 choices for soup when you get at least 8 at Sweet tomatoes. Secondly there was not enough servings of anything they had...but what they did have was good...i don't want to discount that fact. I also had a problem with the fact that they had soft serve but no brownies...and all buffets i have been to at least have that.Now understand i know that sounds petty but i just want my readers and fellow yelpers to know all the facts when it comes to this establishment vs other places like it i.e. Sweet tomatoes. The layout of the dining room is very nice and spacious and when we went for an early dinner this evening it was fairly quiet. The mac and cheese was really good...but there was no really good bread to eat with it though. My wife enjoyed the taco's which had all the fixings...and all the vegetables were fresh.The pizza wasn't great...the pasta could have been better...and the fact that you couldn't refill your own drinks (like at Sweet Tomatoes) was also a huge problem for me. Now the price i have to admit was unmatched...i would go to this establishment again for that reason alone. My wife and i only paid 13.29 for the both of us to enjoy the buffet...just wish there had been more choices but for the money it was not terrible. So if you are looking to eat healthy and are looking for a cheaper alternative to Sweet Tomatoes...then this is your locale. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
2	Oh @SouperSalad, for nearly $10, you can include a drink in the meal.I enjoy the food, and the selection. I will probably return from time to time, because it's close, and it's a decent price for the kids, who can have water.But really, I don't think the soda should be an additional cost.
4	Sadly, this Souper Salad has closed.     :-(
