1	Boiled down: I found something I wanted on their site, but went to the store to look at it in person and to browse around.When I got there, I noticed that the price online was lower than in-store -- and confirmed it via my phone.I asked the cashier nicely, and they refused to price-match (two whole bucks). So I asked to see the "manager" who was mind-blowingly rude and unhelpful. No apology offered - totally the opposite - and she essentially said they won't price match the web, and they have lower prices on their site because they gouge you with shipping and "handling" fees, etc. (Super bitchy about it all.) So I left and spent my money elsewhere.After about a month (cooling-off period), I finally wrote Cost Plus' home office about that horrible manager person, plus to suggest that they say something on their site (like Home Depot, etc do) informing customers that in-store prices may not be the same, yadda. Never heard anything back from them at all. Conclusion: They could not care less. (Also know that this is a store I have been going to since I was a little kid -- they're from the Bay Area.) Therefore, I'll never set foot in Cost Plus again, and hope to enlighten others about their crappy business practices. :P It's not about the two dollars -- it's about the total disrespect for their customers.Especially in this economy, good service is SO important. (As is fair pricing!)
5	OK this place is getting 5 stars for one reason.  I'm from Massachusetts and I cannot find Fluff anywhere and this place sells Fluff!!
4	Great selection of international treats. A little pricey.
5	Everyone was very helpful in this store. They answered questions and helped me find what I was looking for. They also told me about specials they had going on that weekend. Great selection of things you can't find everywhere. I found a lot of stuff I didn't even know I needed! Great stop for specialty items you can't find elsewhere.
3	Great products but high prices!
4	I love to wonder around this store looking at the cool stuff. A lot of the furniture can be pretty pricey. They have a lot of cool stuff to look at. The food and drink item are unique but decently priced. Some times they do have some decent sales.
4	Big, bright store full of so many goodies you can't possibly see everything.  I love to browse when I have time to kill, and I always find something I can't live without. This place is a necessity when your kiddo is doing a report/project on a foreign country at school.  If you need some sort of craft, item, or food from a far off land, World Market is the place to go!  My oldest did a report on Australia and we needed an authentic treat.  Finding some candy and Vegemite at World Market was just the thing!  The staff is always friendly and the store is always clean.
2	Had to drive an extra 32 mi trip at 830pm to go back to the store and pick up a piece of the dining table/chair set I bought due to their clerk not checking thoroughly. Thanks Cost Plus!
