5	I have to say I was impressed.  I am not a fan of the big, over the top trendy sushi bars.  This place was just right.  The service was great.  I love when a service person takes the time to talk with you and give you as much information as you need.  The sushi chefs were authentic and actually care about what they make.  Now on to the food....  awesome!  There are way too many sushi places that pack a little fish into a one inch wrapping of rice.  This place was just the opposite.  An emphasis on taste, appearance and quality sets this place apart from the rest.  The sashimi was incredible.  It was very moist and dissolves in your mouth just like good raw sushi should.  And they of course offer "fresh wasabi".  Normally I am used to the standard green blob that everyone serves.  But for $1 you can get a great departure from the norm.  Just a little dab of fresh wasabi on some tuna sashimi and you will know a difference.I can definitely say that I have found a new sushi spot.  Others very close by have tried and failed due to an attempt to be a "Scottsdale" sushi bar.  This is a much more authentic sushi place with a great simple decor and true service.  You will find it hard to be disappointed.
4	4 stars for only one reason....the nori (seaweed wrap) was chewy.  I mentioned it to our waitress who promised to check - she agreed it should not be.Very large menu of specialty rolls...great luncheon menu with lots of choices for those not into raw fish.  All my sushi and the yellowtail sashimi were very fresh.  And my wife raved about the chicken teriyaki.Next time, I'm looking forward to a 5 star!Oh, no beer or wine, yet...byob is fine till they get their license.
5	We went back for lunch today.  And the Nori was excellent.  When I commented on that, the hostess recognized us.  Long story short, she found the problem had been a chef mishandling the nori....and he's no longer there.Lunch was excellent!  We give them 5 stars for sure - and my wife is really not a sushi lover.  Today she had a fried pork bowl and loved it.  I had the 7 piece sushi plate along with some sashimi.  Excellent, but as usual, more than I really needed.  But it's soooo good!
1	We are sushi lovers!  Sushi is a long cherished art form, which sadly was completely lost at this place.  Let me be clear at the outset that this review is specific to THIS Fresh Wasabi location (we've had good experiences at the location on 6645 W. Bell Road).We were excited to have a place open up near home and happily tried it out.  *sigh*  We came here for lunch the other day.  The service was neither unfriendly nor standout in any way.  The location seemed clean.The rice was NOT good sushi rice (sushi rice is supposed to be fresh, soft), and the sashimi/sushi was not fresh enough for us  to even feel 100% safe as we ate it.  The sushi chef himself was clearly a novice, as the rolls we ordered were completely smashed by his fingers (still with the indentation of his fingers all the way down the length of the roll), ingredients bursting out,  and the pieces of tuna & salmon laid across the top pulled downward and broken in half in the center (not only is this poor display, fresh sushi would not break in this way).  We were incredulous that they would even be served to us looking like that.  It's hard coming from the coast and from life in Japan, to find good sushi... but even in the Arizona desert, there is good sushi to be found... just sadly not at this place!
1	NOT EVEN A FRACTION as good as the one on 67th and Bell. Service stinks!
1	Let me start by saying the service was the only aspect of this restaurant that was satisfactory. I am a sushi lover and this restaurant failed to meet or surpass any expectations I have for sushi.  There is a good selection of rolls to choose from. However, I was very disappointed to see sloppy craftsmanship and extremely small portions compared to any other sushi restaurant I have been to. They might as well add the word "mini" in front of every roll they have. The rolls were poorly made. My baked mussels were borderline cold. I felt I ordered off a kids menu. I don't eat sushi on a budget and tend to order more than I can handle. However, that was not the case here. I spent just as much at this restaurant when compared to others around town and left hungry and upset. I do not recommend this restaurant as I will not be returning in the future.
3	If you have a craving for sushi and you live in the far northwest valley, close to Lake Pleasant, this is one of two places you can go. If you are really hungry, you are going to have to order alot of rolls because honestly, the rolls are on the smaller side. My husband and I love sushi! We would eat it every day if we could, but it can get pricey if you eat here since you have to order more rolls. Sushi size aside, their menu has a wide variety of the rolls. Tonight, we tried the Jose Roll. It was written on the white board, but not part of the actual menu. It was unique because it had spicy tuna, shrimp and avocado on the inside, but on the outside there was tuna with poke sauce, cilantro and jalepenos. Sounds interesting, doesn't it? We loved the roll because it was so different than your other typical specialty rolls, like the caterpillar or regular rainbow. They also had Uni available. I'm not much of a fan of Uni, but my husband is, and sushi places rarely tend to have it, especially as sashimi, not just nigiri. My recommendation is, if you want to try some specialty rolls and are not completely starving, go ahead and give this place a try. They have happy hour specials and good lunch deals too, so those may be better times to go there. Like one of the other reviews said, service was just OK. That's why sometimes it's easier just to get take out and bring it home.
1	The sushi rolls had good flavor, but were very small and still expensive. Not to mention, the service was terrible. Not worth the trip. Too many other great sushi options around the NW Valley. Squid Ink, across the street, is great and really fun! Sakana on 59th is an excellent choice as well, just a further drive. Would not eat at Fresh Wasabi again. :(
4	Came back here for the first time since they first opened and I did not review it the first time because it was a 2-3 star experience and I wanted to give it another try.  I can certainly understand why Jennifer and Jojo wrote a bad review for this place because the 67ave & Bell location gives this place very large shoes to fill.  The first time I came here the sushi was small and the taste was not memorable but when we came back yesterday the sushi was as good as the Bell road location.  We ordered some of our favorites like the "climax", "school bus", "spicy tuna lover" and one other I cant remember right now but it was good too.  I really like their specialty rolls here and on Tuesday's they have "by one get one half off".  We stuffed ourselves and had a few drinks.  They have some beer selections but they only have 2 alcohols (vodka & crown royal) so don't come here for the drinking, that is what Squid Ink is for.  The service was OK, and the atmosphere is very casual.  The whole room is about 30 by 30 in size with about 12-15 tables inside.  Nothing fancy but the sushi is worth coming here, I'm not a fan of Squid Ink unless I'm going over for drinks at a happy hour.
1	Just like any other sushi place with a high pricing for the average quality
1	Fresh Wasabe I heard was really good but when I call them for a menu they didn't have one. They don't have a website & the man on the phone was very rude so I don't recommend this place. I even explained to the man on the phone the value of having a website with a menu on it & he just blew me off. No wonder I never see them have too much business.
2	Too bad.  What started out with a lot of promise has gone way downhill.  Within the last month, I've been to the 67th & Bell location and to Pleasant Valley.  There's just no comparison anymore.Waitstaff is still very friendly, but the food quality is waaaay below 3 or 4 star.  Rice is gummy, some fish was actually warm and depending on who the sushi chef is, the rolls are not at all consistant.  Iris, you and your brother need to spend some time out here.....or you'll be out of this location.
1	Sadly disappointed.  I am very familiar with japanese cuisine, and I went to this location because I liked the location in Surprise (there arent any japanese choices in Surprise and Hayashi sucks bad!) Anyways, the sushi I ordered was pretty bland, the fried rice i ordered was small.. I went in for lunch by myself and for 2 rolls of sushi and fried rice and a drink my total was $30 !!!  I honestly have never felt so ripped off eating somewhere.  Sakana has these guys beat, the lunch special sushi from them so much food that you wont finish it.  I have gone there with 2 people and both ordered the special, 2 drinks and fried rice and the total is under $29.
4	I love Fresh Wasabi!  If u love to eat rolls, they have SO many to choose from.  They have the largest variety by far, and they are really tasty too.  They get creative and just don't offer the "usuals".  They are fair with their pricing.  The only negative I have is that they don't sell liquor, however, they do have beer, saki and Japanese wine.
4	This place is small, but the quality of the food is excellent.  You get much more for your money, especially compared to the competitors close by.  The smoked salmon is out of this world and the sauce on their baked lobster roll is as good as it gets.
4	Not bad sushi.  I think it is better than across the street at Squid Ink.  Great deals, great rolls.
4	My wife and I really like this place. Great sushi for good value.
2	We went the other night and was not impressed.  We noticed all new faces and after a little digging we found out that it is now under new ownership.  For the most part the sushi was still pretty good, the baked lobster roll was not up to the standard of past visits.  But what stood out the most was the poor service.  I don't know if it is due to all new people or if they are new to the restaurant business in general, but food service was slow, they forgot to put in the order for the kids, it just seemed very unorganized.  We will probably give them another try, but they do have some ground to make up.  Definitely not the fans we were before.
4	If you didn't already realize it by now, I'm partial to this local neighborhood sushi restaurant, so quaint, you might almost miss it if you weren't stopping by to get Chipotle, Cold Stone, or Dunkin - your trademark names. Each time I come here, I feel like I'm returning "home," since they warmly greet you as you enter the restaurant. There's alot more decor present, as well as more booths to accommodate sushi lovers since it first opened. My most recent find is their new specialty roll, The Fire Roll, which is uniquely prepared by being lit on fire within a foil as it sits on a sizzling fajita platter. My biggest worry was that it would cook the sushi inside. However, it did not! The inside is filled with crab, spicy tuna, tempura shrimp and this is all covered with avocado and shrimp. To top it off is some zesty spicy red sauce that is reminiscent of eating something smoked or barbecued. Combining a smoky flavor with sushi is uncommon yet ingenious! I may just love it even more than my past favorite, the cilantro inspired jalepeno Jose roll, which is also written on the wall among specialties.I also always order the "sweet shrimp" amaebi nigiri. As I keep posting pics, the raw shrimp adorned with roe and chives gently cradle a martini glass with a festive cocktail umbrella. The fried shrimp heads are cooked to a crisp so it's similar to eating a soft shell crab, in other words - yes you eat everything! Yes, from the description, it's for more adventurous foodies, but it has earned its way into my heart as one of my favorite treats. It's not always prepared at all sushi restaurants. The art of sushi is definitely still alive here if you know what to order and are more daring. Their specialty rolls on the wall are far more impressive than their simpler traditional ones you'd recognize. Oh, and again, don't forget to ask for the fresh wasabi, the real deal, not some green play dough looking paste. I think it's a bit extra, but you'll thank me!
4	Surprised at all bad reviews. Came here with the wife and our three kids. Had the Kiss My Bass, Sweet Thang, Rainbow, and Geisha. Kids split a California and an udon soup. Everything was great, and our waitress was awesome.Only reason for not giving it 5 stars is that great sushi isn't really possible in the middle of the desert (without paying an arm and a leg).
4	DELISH!! Very yummy! We were so pleased to find this charming little spot. As others have said, yes, it really is better than the place across the street. The service was great and the fish was tasty. We'll definitely be back!!
4	This place has nice sized rolls. They were not to small but still one bite. My husband and I shared 7 rolls and were very full with about 10 pieces left over for snack later. The service was very attentive and the waitress took the time to explain some of the rolls and gave suggestions based on the flavors we liked. While the restaurant was very small, it was clean and well kept. We will be going back especially for the Geisha roll, Rock and Roll deep fried roll, and the Climax roll.
