3	3/19/11After checking out the scene at Degree 270, my friend and I decided to end the evening w/ something sweet at Black Fig Bistro.  We both like chocolate and peanuts, and I'd had the opportunity to try the peanut butter and chocolate tart here a few times before, so I suggested we order this.  My friend LOVED this dessert! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/black-fig-bistro-scottsdale?select=S_oi-WhT5tat37ZKq79YjA#S_oi-WhT5tat37ZKq79YjA  We practically inhaled it, taking fast turns at the plate!  :)  I was already satisfied w/ my half of the pastry... or was it she w/ hers?  :P  In any case, we decided we'd try another-- a yellow cake w/ chocolate ganache and finished w/ chocolate and white chocolate curls.  Sounds good, doesn't it?  Well, it looked better than it tasted. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/black-fig-bistro-scottsdale?select=JjytWa_ggHvFBwRJk3TfOg#JjytWa_ggHvFBwRJk3TfOg  The cake was very dry, and the frosting wasn't as creamy, nor rich as we both wanted it to be.  The cute curlicues of chocolate weren't enough to save this pastry--  they tasted old, as if they've been in the fridge for too long.  I'd check out the other desserts, but not very late in the day!
5	get the daily special!the sweet and sour chicken easily serves two people for 8 bucks!
2	My friend and I stopped by on our way out of Phoenix Fashion week.  I ordered a calzone with lots of veggies.  Point off for not offering marinara sauce and the calzone was just ok.  I must say tho that the seasoned fries were tasty!  I just wasn't blown away by anything.  Be careful if you're dining in, it's smack dab in the middle of the casino, so the smoke will getcha!
4	Since the mother in-law, sister in-law, and grandmother in-law were in town, I took all three and my wife to the Talking Sticks Resort. I really didn't want to go,(bowl games were on). So I ended up by the Keno Area watching the games, noticed Black Fig and ordered their wings, fries, and a soda. First, they give you a lot to eat. I did not finish it, wings were good, sauce wasn't over powering. fries were good and crispy. They have free refills for their sodas! Service were very good, girls were very helpful. Not a bad place to order food, if you just want to hang out , play keno, and watch games!
3	07/05/11Wasn't able to pack lunch for work, so I stopped by and ordered the ham and cheese with gourmet relish on the side, and fries to go, $10, including tax.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/black-fig-bistro-scottsdale?select=uZkp4Xcw13--hVVsZQA-Kg#uZkp4Xcw13--hVVsZQA-Kg  It was good, but not as crispy on the outside as I'd liked (and I made sure to open the lid to keep the food from sogging up on my way to the table.  The "gourmet relish," something the cook had told me I could try to substitute for the mustard originally in this sandwich, really didn't add much to the dish, so I promptly gave up on it.  The fries were also not as crispy as I'd like.  If you aren't in the mood for spicy seafood (Ocean Trail), the buffet, or the pricey Orange Sky at the 15th floor, which doesn't open till 5pm everyday, then try your luck (pun intended) at Black Fig Bistro.  Keep in mind that if you dine in, your platters will be HUGE, so you may want to consider sharing amongst friends.
2	I am only giving this a 2 star. That is because is the most reasonable price for a quick bite. Late around the 11:30 PM you would think that this place could actually make a decent hamburger and bun. I saw what appeared to be two cooks/chefs. What I got was below what you get a Denny's down the street. It is what I call the overly cooked hamburger that  you get at a buffet .Very sad and over done.  One piece of sad lettuce and one tomato. The roll wasn't fresh and the french fries were laced with more salt that one could stand. With  the amount of money people are loosing in this place at least you could make a real hamburger with fresh bread in the future. For my money pass on this one in the future.
4	the most tasty onion rings, ever!!
2	I was forced to eat at the Black Fig Bistro since the Pink Floyd cover band brought out an army of people to the casino. Every restaurant was filled to capacity with over one hour waits.So I ordered a chicken burrito with fries. The burrito was flavorless and the fries were decent. I guess I should have ordered something else but "if you don't eat you meat you can't have any pudding. How can you have any pudding, if you don't eat your meat?"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=34ZmKbe5oG4  about 3:28 of the video is the quote from above.
1	Im not from around here but i would recommend you don't eat here. I ordered the 1/4 pound burger, fries, and a water for lunch. Ok deal at first for 10 bucks and it came out fast. Now I'm paying the price on my last night here. Stomach discomfort if you know what i mean. I felt great until I ate here.
5	Food was delicious, the veggie pizza is a win! Something about pizza and slot machines just go hand in hand
5	Love the food from this little bistro! There breakfast is delicious and large portions so plan on sharing!
5	Wow I love the Ruben with onion rings. I asked for Dijon instead of thousand island dressing. So much better.
