5	My daughter went here for 4 years.  She has special needs, which includes a feeding tube.  They were excellent with always feeding her and helping her with her issues.  They also tried really hard to discuss discipline and consequences to her. The owner, Trista, is excellent and very loving to the kids. The only complaint I have is the preschool is perhaps not the most aggressive at learning and it was more of a playtime for the kids. But if you want a loving caring environment for the kids, this is the place.
3	OK I said I would update this review if things got better. So I expressed my concerns to the lady in the front and to the teachers and it looks like they are doing things to prevent the things that I brought up from happening again.My baby started going here when she was 6 weeks old. She is now 9 weeks old. My baby seems to like it there. They give her the attention that she needs. Ms. Alice seems to be genuine and cares for the infants.The ratio for infants at this place is 1:6. Some days they have all the infants attending day care and other days there are less. I like those days cause my little girl gets the attention that she needs. In the mornings they have one teacher from 6:30 to about a little after 7AM. Then a front person comes in after 7AM. I get a little worried because of all of the toddlers and kids that come in the morning and my newborn, buy Mrs. Sue insures me that she keeps my little one away from the bigger kids.The facility is clean and the staff is friendly. The owner is also there a lot. They currently do not have web cams, but I dont really care for it.I feel that after expressing my concerns they have resolved the issues. I would recommend this place. Its located in a easy to access via freeway location and is very affordable.
5	My son has been attending day-care here for over 2 and a half years. He recently moved up to the pre-school room. I was nervous about the move to say the least. Not just because I am totally resistant to change but because I had yet to connect with the teacher.  Plus buying uniforms over the holiday season when I loathe shopping and am extremely busy didn't sound like fun to me. Total silliness!  It has gone so well.Here is how it all began . . . My son has had one main teacher since he first started attending school here; Ms. Sue and damn is she easy to love. He was 1 and still in diapers when he started and she helped see us through potty training, first friendships and verbalization, not to mention teaching him his ABCs, colors, music, numbers and so much more. We are really proud of what he learned from Sue. Ms Sue does amazing crafts with the littles. Fun stuff to hang on the fridge; and I made a alphabet book with the letter crafts she does with them.  And she was so loving and caring. Just the type of woman you want to leave your baby (technically toddler, but he is eternally my baby) with.  She cares about her curriculum, even with 2 yr olds, and is always willing and able to talk through anything. She is welcoming of parents into her classroom for observation or support. I dropped Gibson off one Halloween and I was also in costume so she invited me to "trick or treat" with the class and stay to enjoy the party. I did and had an excellent time along with a greater appreciation of the classroom dynamic. I have also stayed during lunch a couple times when my hours are erratic and I just what that extra time with my boy.  The whole staff seems to be understanding of my erratic work schedule which sometimes affects my sons punctuality and attendance :)FYI- they do have separate rooms for the ones, twos and threes; but mine started 3 months before his 2nd birthday so they started him in the twos and then Ms Sue moved to threes not long after Gibson did - so that explains why he had the same teacher for so long.  He has had a couple other great teachers;  but they were young women working on schooling or motherhood and have since moved on in life.  All were great, both with Gibson and with us - I like a teacher that you can have a conversation with on the way in and out of the building.  They do great hiring, most of the staff has been there the entire time we have, their core staff is pretty solid.  Out of a staff of 10 or less people; 8 have been there since before we started.  That is very impressive in this transient town we live in.  (Update: one of our favorite teachers is back :)  Gibson likely won't be in her class again, but it is great to see her every day.   We've only been in preschool for 2 months now, but it seems to be going well.  I like the difference between Ms. May & Ms. Sue.  Ms. May seems to be transitioning Gibson into what to actually expect in Elementary School.  Not just with lessons and work, but in life situations.  She requires them to be more independent - which is a great lesson for an only child and first grandchild in his primary family - he gets babied NON-stop.  So some real world independence is doing him well.  He is having honest conversations with us about his interactions with his classmates and I am enjoying this new chapter in our lives.Another great thing about TotC - Trista, the owner.  She is down to earth, friendly, honest.  She gave me a great gift - here's the story . . .  Although I hadn't talked to Trista or anyone about it, I had been looking at private speech therapy for my son . . . and boy is it expensive.  But I was so concerned about sending him to Kindergarten without the tools to effectively communicate with his classmates or teachers.  He is so smart, but sometimes you just can't understand his enunciation which is frustrating for him and whoever he is communicating with.   One day, Trista asked me if I had ever noticed his speech troubles and I agreed.  She referred me to a program with CCSD called Child Find.  Months later we were accepted and now he is getting FREE speech therapy from the school district.  I am so grateful that she would approach a sensitive topic with me and actually referred us to the outlet that worked for us.So to sum it up . . . TotC is appropriately priced / dare I say inexpensive for the amazing job they do.  The staff is friendly and more important - STABLE.  The rooms are large and clean and the playground is just right for a small pre-school.  I would refer friends and family to Top of the Class any day.  (Added bonus that has nothing to do with child care -- both Madhouse Coffee (reviewed here http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=stwmplf-HrcoPatLN7_jAA) and  Super Burrito are located in the same strip-mall, so you have great options for coffee after dropping the kiddo off and yummy Mexican food after the pick-up!)
5	My son started here 3 weeks ago when he was 6 weeks on the dot. So far we love it! I am always the first one there and Mrs. Sue and her husband are always so friendly bright and early. I was concered at first about Mrs. Sue being the only teacher there, but she does great and other teachers aren't far behind her. The infant room teacher Ms. Arlene is a doll! She is so nice and informative. I love her insight since I am a first time mom. She always keeps me informed of the smallest details about my son's day. At first I was wondering if there were other teachers since sometimes there are up to 8 babies in the room, but there is a floater teacher that helps who also has an infant in the class. Ms. Arlene never looks frazzled or overwhelmed with the babies. She is such a natural and is so patient! I've come in and she has been reading to all the babies and each one of them was focused on her and alert. I don't know how she does it! She also doesn't mind that I am having baby withdrawls now that I am at work and doesn't look at me like I am 'that' mom when I show up almost everyday on my lunch break. She has patience for babies and me.The owner Trista is awesome! I love that she is always around and knows all the parents and kids. I love that she shows genuine interest and talks to everyone.I would recommend this place to anyone! There isn't a lot of turnover with staff, people seem genuine and nice, they show compassion and concern, and they are decently priced. I found a infant care that was a little cheaper, but unlike TofC, that daycare had young girls working and lacked structure.
1	I have to say that this place went so down hill way fast! My son had constant ear infections and ended up needing tubes. I would show up to pick my son up at the end of the day and his ears would be completely crusted over with the drainage. How do they not see that and clean it out? I provided wipes and qtips and had to ask them numerous times to keep his ears clean. Also, at least 3x a week he would be in new clothes and they said it was because he had a explosive #2. This never ever happens when he is home with us. Since taking him out of this place and putting him into a new daycare, this has happened once in almost 4 months. Shows complete neglect. They dont check the infants enough and seemed to be understaffed. I brought up to the owner that I have shown up numerous times where there would be 9 babies with 1 teacher, which is not acceptable. Even their contract says they should have at least 2 teachers for that many babies. My son was only here from 6 weeks to 5 months and he got pink eye, constant colds and even RSV. When I asked about the pink eye going around they brushed it off and were like 'oh yeah, another mom said her baby had pink eye, but she didn't go to the doctor and self diagnosed it, so we didn't send a memo or tell other parents.' Ummmm, at this age and as contagious as it is, you need to tell the other parents! This is why it runs so rampant here! Send that kid home! The same thing would happen with RSV and whatever else would start making the rounds. When my son got RSV, I took an entire week off to be home with him and make sure he didn't spread it to other infants. The final decision to leave came when we got IRS Levy notices in the mail and then this place decided to move to a new location. The IRS notice said how behind they were in taxes. They new location was horrible. When I drove to see where it was there was 2 homeless guys sitting on their curb. Did not make me feel comfortable at all. Also, they handed out flyers about their new place and it showed that new people would have their tuition fee waived for the year and would pay less a month that I was. Pissed me off about the lower rate. Since starting at a licensed in home care, my son is never dirty, always happy, never gets sick, and never had new clothes on from explosive diapers. I guess you get what you pay for with this place. I have to note that Ms. Arlene was fantastic, but definitely needed help when a bunch of new babies came in. I have nothing but great things to say about her.
5	I highly recommend Top of the Class Learning Center. All three of my daughter have attended Top of the Class from birth to pre-school graduation and still visit during the summers. The Owner Trista is a wonderful, loving, caring, warm hearted person, and one whom I have entrusted with my daughters. Trista has always had a special gift with children. She is truly amazing when it comes to caring for children. Ms. Melanie the assistant director has always shown a great interest in sharing her life with many children, and her warmth and compassion allow her to nurture and teach these children daily. She is also hard working and trustworthy. The kids all adore her. Ms. May is one of my favorite teachers at Top of the Class Learning Center. She is the pre-school teacher. She is fantastic. Ms. May really takes the time to teach your children and prepare them for Kindergarten. Your children will amaze you with all that they learn during their time in Ms. May's class.My girls have had so many memorable memories attending Top of The Class and have made lifelong friends along the way.
2	I just dropped off my daughter, and I am very unimpressed. My daughter's father did a walk through and there was some misinformation. We knew this was just a short term thing, but we will be pulling our daughter out of this place. First, I walked  in and both doors were unlocked (there are two entrances in the front) one was propped open, and no one at the front to check in kids or prevent unwanted people from coming in. I asked someone who was waking out, where we take the kids, she instructed me to go into the back. So I head back and two ladies are eating while sitting by the back entrance and yelling at the kids. 3 toddlers made it through that back entrance in the short time I was there, and could have easily ran out the front entrance where the door was propped open. I asked if someone sits up front and the lady I spoke to (Arlene) informed me that no one is there until 7:30. My sign should have been the fact it took 3 business days for my call to be returned when I originally inquired about the place. From what I seen, all the kids are put together, and there is not enough coverage or security measures in place. I want my money back.Also, the address of this establishment has since changed.
5	I have had trouble finding a good place to take my son, and just got off the phone with Trista, the owner of this specific daycare. Bless her! She was very reasonable and I can't wait to meet her and update my review once I enroll my son. I am a single mom and struggle day to day, making ends meet and I recently had to remove my son from his enrollment at Kids Turf Academy II in the Silverado Ranch area. Anyways, long story short, she is helping me out to afford part time daycare so that my mother gets a break from babysitting! Going there today to check it out, but I am so pleased with her already I can't wait to enroll him!
5	I have had a horrible year...   and finding this school has been such a blessing.   I have 3 boys ages 1, 2 and 4 - which you can imagine can be a bit crazy.  My boys were challenging but overcamr it with the help of this school.  Ms. May (Pre-K) has taught my oldest so much in a short amount of time.  Her skill of teaching them respect, love and care for parents, adults, friends, animals and even the earth!  I am so confident that he will be the brightest in Kindergarten due to her teachings.   Ms. Brenna (2 yr old) has been amazing!  My son (whom may be autistic) is progressing everyday.  Since he has been in her class, motor skills, speech, playing with others,  control of emotions and ability to bond has improved imensly.    I have to admit at times I am jealous of the bond they have,  but I would not change it for the world.   He loves her so.... much!  I do not have to worry about how he is coping throughout the day.  In addition, Melanie at the school notice an issue with his tonsils- osa that could leave to heart issues.  If it was not for her, my son's health could of beennin jeopardy.   He is currently scheduked for surgery.   Ms. Melinda (1 yr old) is very warm hearted, gentle and kind.  She makes the transition in the morning so easy...  my youngest is very clingy!  She gets him set in a routine and runs right up to her every morning with a big smile. She really makes his days!    Melissa (staff) is always helping my kids, especially if there is a fight (ie kid stole crayon from my son)...  she teaches problem solving at a kid level and teaches all of them about importance of communication. The owner Trista has been wonderful as well-  She has truly helped me... whether its having the boys listen to me or making sure they walk and not run!  They know if they do not listen to their mom and Trista finds out.... uuuhhhh oh!    They also have teenagers whom are planning to go to college for childcare there gaining experience.   They are ALL wonderful..  Once they see me pull up to drop ot pick up, they always ask if they can help.   A mom withb3 boys.... plus lunches to carry in...  it is so HELPFUL!!!!!  Bless them!    My boys look at the staff as their family... if anything happen to them not only would my boys be heartbroken, but so would I.   These ladies are wonderful.  Best choice by far!!!!
1	This school is an abysmal daycare masquerading as a qualified preschool. I had my daughter at Top of the Classs for about a month and a half before pulling her out due to rude staff and the poor quality education she was receiving. I am absolutely shocked that this place is in business. I can concur with another Yelper about the front doors constantly being left open which is extremely concerning. On top of the lack of security, I'm not sure any of the teachers have any formal education or teaching credentials. Miss Melanie the supervisor/manager is extremely brusk and rude. If she was working the front desk she would NEVER greet my daughter or me at drop offs or pickups. She would make eye contact and look back down at her phone or paperwork. The center is outdated and I witnessed large groups of children eating snacks and lunches on the floor in the hallway. There were older children (8-10 year old's) running around the younger pre-k children completely unsupervised. My daughter learned some EXTREMELY inappropriate things and constantly complained about older kids picking  on her and calling her names. My daughter is well adjusted and has never had issues. I made a huge mistake by ever introducing this school into her life. There are some wonderful primary schools and preschools in the Valley. Unfortunately, Top of the Class isn't one of them. Parents BEWARE!
5	.
