4	This Carl's Jr. location probably has the best service I've ever received at a fast food establishment.  Immediately after entering we were greeted with a cheerful "Welcome to Carl's Jr.!"  The cheerful demeanorwas carried by all of the employees leading to a pleasing experience.  Food came out fast and warm, and we were allowed to use a coupon even though we had already ordered and paid.  Halfway through lunch the employee that took our order came by the table and asked if there was anything she should get us.  As for food, I had the portobello $6 burger.  It's a big burger, but they don't skimp on the mushrooms.  Lots of mushrooms with melty swiss cheese make this seem like this burger didn't come from a fast food restaurant.I never thought I'd review a fast food restaurant, but seriously, service with a smile certainly does make an experience that much better!
4	Yes...I'm reviewing a fast food restaurant.  Usually for me to review one, I had an awesome experience, really bad one, or because I'm the temporary Duke. For this Carl's Jr., it's because the service is great and I'm the current Duke.  Besides, this Carl's deserves their props.This Carl's is conveniently sandwiched between Gold's Gym and Spartan Nutrition. I know, ironic. But when I'm in the mood for some high calorie, high fat, and workout killing burger, it's the Gold's and Spartan that whispers in my head "don't do it".  And I usually don't.  I usually opt for their Turkey, Chicken, and Fish Burgers.  All are fast, cheap, healthy (depending what you have on it), and surprisingly good.  Carl's is one of those options that won't have leaving with that guilt feeling.As for service, this had to be one of the better Carl's when it comes to that. Usually no wait here and the staff is friendly.  I don't think too many people eat here because it's a ghost town up here.  Don't let the look of the parking lot or drive through fool you, they are open.PS:   Sorry Carl's Jr.  I really wanted In-N-Out, but they were closed for Easter.  So, I settled with you guys.  But I learned that you have one killer Alantic Cod Sandwich.  I will be back for that for sure.
5	For you carls jr fans this is the one this franchise has thee best service and thee hottest food of any carls jr i have been to in vegas. All other franchises should follow the example set here, oh yeah the restrooms are cleanest i have seen (on this part of town) lol
5	Unbelievable! I'm writing a review about a fast food joint?! Never would I have pictured myself doing this, but it is SO amazing!!! To echo what everyone below has said: ALL fast food joints should train at this store-secret shop it, whatever! This place hires the NICEST people-Managers, Part Time workers, etc.ALWAYS clean, ALWAYS pleasant (i've been there at all hours of the night and day), and (my favorite and what I teach at my business): SMILE!!!!! I seriously RECOMMEND this place to people-and its fast food! (no offense what-so-ever)I just can't get over it: amazing! Keep up the amazing work and I really hope other businesses (fast food or otherwise) take your lead. I really hope your senior/regional Managers take notice-every single one of your employees and managers deserves a serious Spot Award!
1	I quit eating fast food a long time ago.  However, I got summoned to pick up "food" from here after going to the gym nearby. I did not get myself anything, I'm thankful that I did not.I was at the drive-through and after placing my order, I pulled up to get it from the guy at the window who was coughing without covering his mouth. Gross! If you're serving food and you're sick: wear a mask, cover your mouth when coughing then wash/sanitize your hands right after, cover your mouth when coughing using your upper arm/shoulder or don't come to work.If that wasn't bad enough, my sister tells me they found hair in one of the burgers and a gnat flew from a piece of lettuce they were eating. Nasty!Hopefully, after that incident, I won't have to make fast-food stops for other people ever again!
5	We love coming here!! They know us and what we like :-) it's good some one can remember your order when it's complicated lol no bun low carb no fries with salad instead :-) I just love there staff!!! I've tried other places and this definitely is my #1 place!!!!
