5	I was in Montreal over the weekend for a little RnR and a relative had recommended this restaurant for Dim Sum. It's in the southern part of Montreal in a neighborhood called LaSalle.Let me tell you it was on par with places in Manhattan's Chinatown.Their shrimp noodle is nice and fresh, especially the way the noodle is made.  It is silkier than most places.The shrimp dumplings were nice and fat.  I recommend their fire roasted suckling pork plate. The meat was nice and lean and the crispy skin was excellent.Shrimp sui mi is amazing. I recommend the dry sticky rice as well, love that stuff, but save it for last as it is very heavy and if you have it first you will not want to eat anythinge else.Their sticky rice wrapped in banana leaf was also quite yummy (filled with bits of ground prok, chinese sausage, dried shrimp and half a hard boiled egg.  This place has the best dim sum in Montreal in my humble opinion.Decor is nice, with just enough chinese touches without being too overdone :-)
3	I cannot comment on the dim sum as I've only been here for dinner (3 times and I've lived in LaSalle since July). It's not because I liked it that much. Please see my comments below. I would actually give this restaurant a 2.5 rating for the following reasons:The restaurant does look cleaner and brighter than most you'll see in Chinatown. The servers are polite, but don't seem to be very attentive considering there was never more than 3 tables each time we've been there. My husband and I did not like the fact that when you request more tea, they just add hot water to the existing tea leaves. I don't mind if they gave us a fresh pot and refill with hot water on the first refill, but after that, it should be fresh again. By our second refill (third pot) the tea was so diluted, it was like drinking dirty looking hot water. I liked the fact that they offer authentic dishes, although the quality and taste are hit and miss. We ordered steamed fish, which were fish fillets rather than the whole fish, which is fine since some people may not appreciate being looked back at by their food. The first piece was good and because I love fish, I went for a second piece. That was a mistake. There was a fishiness and bitter foul taste that left an aftertaste in my mouth. It tasted like  old fish that had been left thawing outside for too long and then cooked. Anything fried, like chicken balls, had 80% batter and 20% chicken - and that's me being generous. All other occasions had similar issues with the batter but overall ok experience. If I was not satisfied with my experience there then why would I return 2 more times, some may question. It's because our family likes to go somewhere convenient when we have out of town guests so they don't have to drive far and deal with parking - or lack of. I told my husband and sister-in-law to suggest going to a different place next time because 3 times here is 2 too many. I love and appreciate good food and good service so I do not mind going the distance in order to have what I enjoy. I do hope the restaurant manager checks reviews and attempt to improve because I do like seeing people succeed and Chez Ping does have potential.
1	I have to agree with Kate's review, though I will be more critical in mine.I've heard the dim sum here is great, however I am only going to comment on the dinner service as I have yet to try the dim sum.The first thing I noticed from the menu is that Chez Ping is noticeably much more expensive than other Chinese restaurant I've been to. The prices of the dishes vary between 13$-23$, but the portions are smaller if not the same comparing to other restaurants. I am willing to pay a lot for good food, but 16$ for a dish of stir-fried vegetable with bean curd, it better be the best vegetable I've ever had in my life. The second thing I noticed is that they really don't have much dishes for a Chinese restaurant.I do applaud the Mayo Chicken & Shrimp, it tasted very nice, the proteins were moist, and the shrimps were properly prepared. The broccoli tasted slightly undercooked, and was just bland and pretty much ignored. However, this was the only dish that gave me a positive feeling about this place.The Steamed Tilapia had an earthy aftertaste and was way overcooked, it was not even comparable to any steamed fish I've had before. On my way out after dinner, I noticed that their fishtanks were extremely dirty, covered with green algae and other microbes.Other dishes either tasted under-seasoned and/or overcooked, nothing too impressive. At the end, we paid 236$ for 12 dishes and a bowl of rice, which is not worth at all given the service and the quality of the dishes.We waited in line for about 20 minutes to get served by the waiters; the long wait was not because the place was fully booked, but because many tables were not cleaned after the diners have left. Even after being seated, the waiters ignored us for a good 20 minutes before taking our orders. I don't blame him, he had a good attitude, and it was a demanding task for TWO waiters to serve TWENTY-THREE tables.We ended up waiting 36 minutes for food.The service was bad, the food quality was below average, and the place is overpriced. This place is "on par with places in Manhattan's Chinatown"? The guy who gave a 5-star ratings for this place must have been locked in a cage for the past 30 years and this restaurant was the first thing he encountered after being released.All kidding aside, don't ever come to this place, take the metro or drive to Chinatown, trust me it's worth it.
4	I just realized I hadn't updated this review. We've since been to Chez Ping at least another 3 times (again, because my in-law's like it and it's just conveniently located for them :)) and I truly believe they improved in the past year we lived in Montreal.  The steamed fish definitely improved. We even had our baby's 1-month celebration here and the service and food was great!Perhaps management does read these reviews and work on making changes (at least I'd like to think so).
3	Decent Chinese restaurant  in LaSalle,  with a mix of canadianized dishes and what appears to be hk  style dishes.  We ordered for delivery,  less than 45 minutes,  prices good for LaSalle.  Unfortunately,  will not allow dim sum to be ordered.
