5	At the request of my significant other we decided to have our couch professionally cleaned.  Being a true "tree hugger" (see: significant other) WE could ONLY use products which were of no harm to the environment....or to my dog "figment"  (which she won't let me have...doesn't exist, etc.). The service was excellent, prompt arrival, professional, and neatly attired.  The company is a family owned business and pride and reputation was clearly important to the two gentleman.  The cost was a bit higher than non-environmentally friendly services available but....whatever makes her happy!  The couch was thoroughly cleaned and this company of two get five stars for their service and I wish them much success!
5	My poor carpets had been a disaster ever since my family came to visit. Don't get me wrong I love me some family time, but with a bunch of kiddos running around the house was guaranteed to get messy specifically the carpet. My poor carpet needed a very good cleaning, but my family and I can be a bit of health nuts. We decided we needed to try an organic carpet cleaning company and stop with the chemicals in our carpet. I luckily came across a great deal and had to jump at the chance at it. Organic cleaning can be a hit or mess, the person needs to know what they are doing and I can attest this company knows what they are doing. My carpets look great even three days later and my house still smells wonderful. Stains were completely removed, which makes me beyond happy walking into my home. This company is a phenomenal one. They will be on time, they will be respectful, kind and most importantly your carpets will be cleaned and you won't have to worry about breathing harsh chemicals or your pets and kids laying in toxins. I will definitely be hiring this company again. Use them for your carpet cleaning!
5	I just moved into a new house and needed all my carpets cleaned.  I called ECODRY and Richard came out and did a great job cleaning all of my carpets and one of my couches.  Thank you again Richard, I really appreciate the quality of your work.
5	Hey folks!      Finally this time our carpet cleaning  experience  was all done to perfection.  Tried  3   different companies in the past but this time  Eco Clean guys went beyond expectations. They did everything as advertised  with no gimmicks. Carpets  were  renewed  and look amazing, they  applied free protector and deodorizer.  One of the most shocking moment was that it was DRY when they  finished. Carpets  feel great as well , soft, no crunchiness ;)  two thumbs up.    For sure will call you back!!!
5	I missed the first appointment for my car cleaning and the guy was very nice about rescheduling.  He came on time and did an Amazing job cleaning my cars carpet! And they do leather cleaning and conditioning now too!
5	On time, friendly service. Carpets are cleaned who no harsh chemicals, and no crunchy carpet!  Had a nice deal with carpets and sofa. Will use this company again!
5	Very pleased, the technician was on time, did a great job. Professional job. Was charged the same price quoted over the phone. Will definitely use their services again.
5	The technician arrived right on time, I showed him the rooms and stairs that I wanted cleaned.  Much to my surprise his price was a couple of dollars less than quoted on the telephone. My concern was that the carpets would not be dry in time for company the next day.  He assured me that they would be dry by evening.  He put up a large fan to help dry as he cleaned. My carpet is white it looks  beautiful and he was right it is almost completely dry. I can't be happier with the job that was done.  Thank you Eco Clean for the very professional technician that you sent out and the Eco Friendly Products that you use. I will definitely use this company again.Donna S.
1	Today (Monday) I called at 1pm...no answer hmm okay, I thought maybe they take lunch from 1-2 so I called back a little after 2pm...well ummm no answer again? I thought sheesh they must be popular so I left a message....almost 11pm now and STILL no call back. Welp I assume at this point my business isn't important to them. It's one thing to get bad customer service over the phone but not so much as a call back at all is just plain horrible customer service. Needless to say I wouldn't waste my time if I were you.
5	Great deal and amazing family owned business. I will call them for any future cleaning service. Thank you for serving Las Vegas.
5	Hi guys . We needed carpet cleaning very emergently one of this days as we're expecting guests to come over but our little puppy maid some mess... Plus stairs were pretty soiled, eventually it was time to clean carpet anyways. So, Roman a guy from Eco Clean, was very friendly and willing to work with our timeframe. He did fantastic job, carpet is very soft nice looking and all pet stains and smell gone. Carpets got dry in about 3 hours completely. He left us a special deal for next time free sofa cleaning as for repeat customers. We are glad to have a great service and will always support local business. Thank you guys
5	This week we were delighted to receive grout cleaning from Luiz Vianna Jr, owner of Eco Fresh Carpet Care in Las Vegas, NV.  The solution he used to clean the grout was made of fresh juices and baking soda. The smell was that of freshness and not that heavy chemical odor. Our grout is now beautifully white and the tile is shiny. Mr. Vianna was punctual and courteous. We immediately felt sure that he would do the best job possible at an excellent price.  You will be delighted with using Eco Fresh Carpet Care!
5	Great deal! I was very satisfied with customer service and the job that was done. Always on time. Gladly call him for future jobs that I have.
5	Its been 3 weeks since we have our carpet cleaning service by Eco Clean and Im glad to say all carpets look great and stains never came back. Great communication, knowledgeable tech and great price!Specially Roman is great nice guy .
5	thank you eco clean for a great carpet cleaning service, fast respond and being affordable. All our traffic areas look like new now and luckily all pet stains are gone! thanks much
5	Here we are again, it was time to clean one of our properties where the tenants leave right now. So, this place wasn't cleaned for like 14 months since they moved in and carpets looked just horrible and we were afraid it's not gonna come out well, but a Roman did fantastic job and I'm satisfied again with their service. All black traffic areas just went back to a great condition. Thank you again
5	We lived in our house for 2 years and it was time to get our carpet clean, especially having two dogs.Roman did a fabulous job.He was very professional, efficient and fast. Our carpets look like brand new. We definitely will use his services again. I am very happy with the result. Thank you, Roman!
5	We haven't had our carpets cleaned in several years.  I called Eco Clean to come out.  I was first quoted a price over the phone after I described what I needed done.  When Roman came out, he noticed that I had more carpet than I originally let them know about.  He still honored my quoted price.  He spent 2 hours at our house and did a fantastic job.  He got the soiled carpet looking good as new and it was not crunch or hard at all.  I would recommend this company to anyone.
5	I have to say they did a graet job! All staines are gone & carpet feels very soft, definitely a very professional carpet cleaning so if u need a good carpet cleaning Eco Clean is the place to go with!
5	I found Eco Clean carpet cleaning guys on yelp and actually heard about them from a friend! For me most important part of cleaning is thoroughness and quality. Roman could make it more then I expected - they price better then others, top quality (organic no residue solution). Carpet feels soft and fresh smelling in the house. And it dried in about 4 hours roughly. He applied deodorizer and free scotch guard on my staircase. Never had this kind of flawless service in Las Vegas.  I'm very happy and 5 stars to you guys!
5	I've had this company cleaning my carpet this morning and I've never got this kind of great result from a carpet clean in my life! I'm really happy with what they did and kept the price low if compare to other companies that cleaned my carpet in the past.  They were able to remove the hardest stains that were there for years.  This guys are crazy good.
5	So happy! Carpet dirty. They do so good job. Carpet now clean, so shiny. Like new, sparkle clean. Next time carpet dirty not hesitate to call make carpet shiny again. They use vacuum and shampoo so special. Just right for you.
5	I had Eco Fresh clean my carpets today. I recently got a puppy so they needed it. They were on time and had the job done in an hour! I found them on GroupOn and paid extra to have the deep cleaning done. The carpets look great and the smell is awesome! No chemicals! I will definitely use them again!
5	Even though we had many obstacles through servicing with eco clean, we will definitely use them again due to Roman's professional and courteous serv1ice. We called eco clean 2 days ago for a move out carpet clean. We were told that they would show up the next day around noon. I also let the scheduler know that we will have maid service finishing up around that time. They were able to accommodate.  On the day of service Roman came at 11am to see if we would like him to start service but unfortunately due to house cleaner being late we were not able to have them work around each other.  Roman then said he would come back at noon as scheduled.  When he came back he walked through the house and realized the scheduler had estimated the carpet area smaller than it actually is. I told him I would pay him for his work, he said he would only ask for $10 above the quoted rate because it was already quoted. We then tried to start service. For some reason the faucet in the front of the house is leaking badly and we could not get it to work with the pipe.  We then tried the faucet in the back yard,  same issue.  The entire time Roman was very apologetic and told us he would call another person to finish up the house even though its not his fault. We eventually used my neighbor's faucet and started cleaning process.  Half way through cleaning Roman told us something is wrong with the pressure and he can no longer service with his van.  He had to get the other person to come. At that time I was at my new home getting ready for work. We agreed on having someone else finishing up the job. I told him no one would be at the house so once the job is done I would have to walk through it and pay him the next day because I finish work after midnight. He was extremely understanding. I asked if he needs partial paymebt now and he said it was not necessary. When I walked in the house today there was an oddly colored stain that showed up on the carpet. I called Roman and sent him a picture. He offered to fix it for me, but again the faucet leakage stopped us from resolving the issue. At this point I didn't want to trouble my neighbor again.  I told him not to worry about it and just charge my card. He could have charged me the full price including the full square footage but instead when he put through the payment he took off additional fees for inconvenience. It's just good to know that a company really care about their customer service.  He had every right to charge me more than he did for the service provided. I owe it to the eco clean to write a recommendation.
5	I wanted to get my carpets a good deep cleaning prior to moving into my new home and they did an amazing job!  My carpets are a night and day difference now.  I would use them again for sure!
5	We have been trying to find a good carpet cleaner for a  while and Roman from Eco Clean appeared to be just the right one. Very flawless service, professional, hardworking and honest! All the hard dirt and high traffic lanes are now very clean as you can see the difference on the pic I took while he was cleaning. To my surprise they have a 1 year warranty for a free maintenance cleaning which is given once you add the scotchguard or combine with any other cleaning service they offer. So now I got 2 cleanings for cheaper then I paid Stanley last time just for one cleaning. Two thumbs up. Thank you guys
5	I found out about this guys from a friend and double cheked on yelp before hiring. So they totally satisfied our cleaning requirements. They did pretty thorough job, cleaned great, smells fresh and feels soft. Tech offered us to clean a love seat for extra 49 so we can have a year warranty for carpet cleaning which is going to be free of charge next time. Good people good business!!!
5	I don't usually review anyone on Yelp, but I'm very impressed with Eco Clean and Richard. He showed up on time, was very knowledgable, respectful, and thorough with the process. I will be utilizing this company again. Thanks guys!
