4	I have purchased 2 bikes from these guys. They are nice guys and will give you a reasonable deal.  Except for the one time that I showed up 5 minutes before closing to get a new tube and the door was already locked (with people still inside), they have always treated me fair and were very helpful.  I would recommend them if you are in need of a quality bike.
1	Walked in, stood for 5 to 7 full min wanting to buy my daughter a bike for her bday and didn't get acknowledged once. I walked closer to the desk and still nothing. Looked like a great place but horrible service so just walked out.
5	Just bought a new road bike from Two Wheel Jones. Travis Jones did a great job fitting me for the bike, even ordering a new size (Trek Domane 4.3) when the first one was decided to be too small. Travis' attention to detail and unhurried, friendly demeanor will keep me coming back in the future. I am so glad I purchased my bike here - first-timers: it's the way to go to make sure you are getting the right size and get your bike dialed in. Thanks, Travis!
1	My son purchased a trek 850 from Jones, cost for bike with tax and accessories, bike lock, lights was $475. He purchased it with his own money that he saved from working after school, to buy a Last week I was running and he was biking. He went over a curb and the weld that makes the wheel round the wheel broke, and the wheel bent over. He brought the bike to the Jones shop. They told him that someone must have run the bike over and that is why the wheel is broke. My son called me and I went down to the shop and asked Travis Jones (the owner) to please show where the bike was run over. After him examining the bike he could not find a mark or any indication that this had happened. (Which it didn't) He told me and my son that the only parts of the trek bike that had a warranty was the frame. Every other part was warranted by the maker of the components and that the wheels had no warranty. He agreed to put in a claim and could call me back on Tuesday or maybe Wednesday at the latest. Today,, I still had not received a call back so I decide to give him a call, He didn't answer so I left a message. He called back 45 minutes later. He acted as though he had no Idea who I was. Finally he said he had not checked on the warranty yet. (So he basically ignored the fact that I was even in the store and didn't follow up with me regarding this issue) He checked while I was on the phone and told me that trek would not warranty this part. He went on to tell me that there was no warranty on the bike again and Jones would not be taking care of this part. Mind you it is a 40 dollar retail part (probable cost to dealer $15). I asked for a phone number to Trek and he told me there was no phone number to call and that I could only email them for help with this. I asked for his sales rep phone number and he refused. Again telling me that the only thing on the bike that was warranted from trek was the frame. Everything else was warranted through the manufacturer of the components and not through trek, and the wheels had 0 warranty. If it broke before we took delivery he would have to eat the repair, but if it broke on the way to the car in the parking lot or the next day, it was our (the customer) responsibility. The manufactures warranty clearly states that these items are covered although not for the lifetime. The components with the shortest warranty are 1 year and that is for the paint and decals. So he is clearly not telling the truth and is not interested in customer service. I would strongly recommend choosing a bike shop other that Jones for purchasing a bike. WE could have paid less and had the bike shipped to us, but we choose to support out local business, but clearly they choose not to support the local customers. Like I said Beware of shops like 2 Week Jones, they say they are about customer service and their warranty, but their actions do not match their words. Beware, $20 dollar tune-ups are nothing compared to having a bike that the bakeshop will not stand behind. Actions speak much louder than words. Stay Away.
5	Kudos to Travis and Larry for volunteering their Saturday morning to offer an excellent cycling class for both beginners and advanced cyclists. You can tell what someone's passion is by how they spend their time, and these guys clearly have a passion for helping cyclists. Thanks!
2	went to this bike shop to purchase a bb 86 bottom bracket for my sons bmc road bike(had previously called to see if they had this part), after purchasing it and two shift cables we took the parts out  to the truck and opened the box (the box was in pretty rough shape ), took the bottom bracket out of the box only to find witness marks all over the bearing shells and marks on the inside of the shell where they had been removed, I immediately went back in the store and asked the person behind the counter if i would get a discount on used parts, to witch he replied "we don't sell used parts", he said it might have been installed and then removed because it was the wrong size, but its not used  ??????? oh well , I needed the part to get my son back on the road or I would have given him back the part and asked for a refund, he said the only thing he could do for me is give me $10.00 back, so I took the money and went on my way. my complaint is, if its not a new in box part then you should state that at the point of sale, I'm not opposed to buying "previously installed parts" i just like to know it before i purchase it.
1	Been in there many times. Today was last straw. I was shopping for accessories and again they do not know what the phrase customer service means! I asked him a question about my friends bike that's getting service there and he gave me attitude. He was the only one in the shop the owner is out of town. I have had my bike in there once for maintenance all is it needed was a rear derailer bracket straightened out and it took them three tries to get it done. They are very understaffed there and hire poor employees. They even wanted me to pay $1000 more than another bike shop for my Trek Project One and I got an extra set of Bontrager RL's with my race set. The owners excuse was and I quote, " we'll I have to make my house payment"! And he was an ex cop!Min wage employees vs salaried one at other shop might be a factor.
5	Literally just got a bike fitting! It was such a wonderful experience that I wanted to make sure to write about it! Give credit where credit is due! Travis is awesome and very knowledgeable! I would highly recommend a fitting from him. If your a road biker or even a triathlete this guy knows both sports in and out specific to the bike! Including current injuries you're working through on the bike! Thank you! If you can spend the money to buy the bike, you can afford the additional money for a fitting! Money well spent!
5	I Recently purchased a Trek road bike from TWJ and couldn't be happier.  The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful.   I recommend TWJ to everyone.
5	TWJ is a great local bike shop.  I have purchased 5 bikes from Travis over the past five years and he always treats me fairly and provides an amazing amount of knowledge and expertise in the process.  Whenever I have needed something that they don't carry at the shop, they are quick to find the merchandise and order it in for me.  The service they provide the cycling community in their organization of group rides and a variety of skills and repair clinics is outstanding.  The personal relationship and excellent advice is everything you would expect from a top notch local bike shop.
5	Great service, very knowledgeable and friendly staff. Very community focused. Large selection of road bikes, mountain bikes, some beach cruisers and BMX plus all the gear..
