2	I want to the GRAND OPENING last night.  There were lots of people standing in line for lots of giveaways, and I looked like the poor staff was trying to keep up.  But seriously, all that construction- for that?  It seems like a pretty lame Basha's.  I thought this was going to be one of the cool ones.  Oh I don't know...stir in some of the AJs quality without the crazy prices?  Nope.  Still seems a notch below the Safeway up the road.  Bummer.  Oh, I almost forgot- the covered parking is tremendously cool.
2	It's an ok store.  Typically the cashiers are goofing off, deli is horribly slow or takes forever to acknowledge you.
4	I like this grocery store.  It usually has almost everything that you need.  Been shopping at Bashas since their reopening just a block from where we live.  Can't get any closer.  I like the friendly atmosphere & the cashiers are great.  If you cannot find something, there is always someone to help you find something.  Good service & prices are really reasonable.
2	Found a big piece of glass in my husband's lemon filled powdered donut this morning. This is our go to store for donuts..they make them from scratch. They are usually great... He swallowed some of it...I took it and the piece of glass back to the store and showed it to the Bakery Manager and I said I would take all the lemon donuts off the shelf....the store manager refunded my money.when I was leaving. . I noticed the lemon filled donuts were still on the shelf. ..Buyer beware...
4	Love this store.  Everyone is very friendly.  Prices are good and always somebody willing to help.
2	The only reason I am giving this store 2 stars is because of the bakery -the donuts and the cakes are ok. Just ok. As for the rest of the store, the selection is limited, the prices are higher, and the store seems dull,dirty and outdated.  The produce is particularly awful. This is the second time now I have opened a clamshell of mixed salad greens to find it is completely rotten in the center. The prebagged apples were also rotten -only I sportted that before I got them home. The produce is terrible and in this case, inedible -and pricey!!! The bulk section looks dried out and old, I think the bins haven't been refreshed or cleaned in about 10 years. The staff as a whole seems very unhappy. The butcher, without fail, has been short,curt and unhelpful -almost sarcastic -every encounter I have had they are unpleasant, unfriendly and unhelpful. The cashier didn't speak until she had to give us the total even though I had greeted her.Just a crappy grocery store -don't do it! Don't shop here -you will regret it! Now I have to go back in (in my spare time) to get my money back for this putrid salad. WHY why why did i go here when there is a Safeway and Frys within 1-2 miles? Oh right- I like the idea of this store .... and nothing else. I can see why and that they are struggling financially. If they keep this up? well their days are numbered... I am done this time -never to return.  Go somewhere else - anywhere !
3	I really want to like this store.  It is a big part of Fountain Hills history.  But the Basha's Corporation doesn't seem to want to put the resources into this store to make it successful.  They spent a lot of money to renovate the building but they staff the cash registers like it's a Wal-Mart.   They used to have the best deal in town on pizza's (which brought me in to buy other items) but they jacked the prices on them and now Little Ceaser's in the same strip mall is crushing them.  They used to have great loss leader sales like "buy 1, get 2 free, which also brought us in to buy a lot of other items but no more.  The prices are "meh", the selection is "meh" and the customer service is less than that.  I can guess what is happening.  They are struggling financially.  Their big store renovation did not pay off like they thought it would.  So somewhere in this mix is a short sighted manager that is trying to stop the bleeding by cutting back wherever possible.  It is like a restaurant that tries to improve the bottom line by shorting you on food portions.  And this drives customers away and makes the financial situation worse.  What they need to do is go all in and open the registers, bring on more people, run better sales, and for goodness sake, stop locking the main door on the south side because you "don't have the staff to make sure people aren't stealing things through it."   That said, the covered parking is great as are the restrooms.  But that's not enough.  Basha's Fountain Hills is at a crossroads.  They need to decide whether they want to go big or go home.  Because if they just keep going the way they are going they will slowly fade away.
4	Conveniently close to my home!  Friendly staff and great assortment of groceries.  Fresh fruits and fish to satisfy all of my needs!
