1	This is the worst food in Arizona. My g.f. And I went there to fulfill a craving for Chinese food. Only one car in the parking lot. First clue. Pu Pu platter was well portioned but soaked in grease! Everything we tried tasted like grease. Egg roll grease soaked through two napkins, the placemat, and a 3 inch diameter around the egg roll. YIKES!!!! Ordered the house chicken and orange chicken. Both entrees were flavorless and greasy. Lots of food but horrible flavor. It was the most disgusting meal I have ever eaten. Sadly this experience cost me $26 because I couldn't bare to argue over how bad the food is. Paid - left- went to costco for a hotdog. Sadly the hotdog seemed gourmet after my bad "fortune".
4	My hubby and I just happened onto this place today and we loved it!  I had the lemon chicken and he had curried beef.  The lunches were $5.25 each and included soup, egg rolls and crab puffs, as well as fried rice.  I ha the egg drop soup and it was delicious, made with a light touch, not that salty canned chicken soup base.  Likewise the lemon chicken, first time I ever thought the sauce was not overly sweet.  My hubby had similar compliments on his meal.  The only reason I gave it four stars was because we did not care for the fried rice or the iced tea.  I was shocked that the place was largely empty at lunch time.  Go there! The food is great, and the prices are beyond reasonable, and it's a sit down place, no icky, picked over buffet.
4	This place was call Yu's when it opened. If you want to read the reviews look them up. I believe this place sold a year ago as there was new people at that time. The menu has not changed and the food seems to still be prepared fresh and with quality ingredients. One order will feed two people easy. We usually just get one meal and split it unless we want something in the refrigerator to eat during the week.The lady that is behind the  counter is super nice and helpful. We eat there a couple times a month and when people are in town we always take them there once during their stay. This is a local owned business and they do a great job. If you are in for Chinese give them a try.
1	I made an account just to warn people...This is absolutely revolting. I have not met a chinese place i didn't like. But oh man. Fried rice is literally...fried rice with tiny specs of egg in it. It tasted like nothing...well rice..fried in oil i guess.  The beef was totally horrific. It was slimy and sort of rubbery.  The chicken was almost edible, and honestly the best part was the carrots and water chestnuts. The 6 dollars, for 6 beef on a sticks was totally blubbery, wet and not at all edible. They forgot 1 of 2 fried rice containers, which is fine really, because my two year old was the only one who would touch the fried rice anyway, then it was tossed. 30 dollars for 2 gross entrees and fried rice that is tasteless, plus 6 nasty wet beef hunks on a stick. Totally not worth it. Seriously, order anywhere else.
4	Love the food and you can't beat the customer service.
4	After Pink Lotus closed on 35th & Union, we started the frustrating process of finding our new Chinese food place. The awesome service, large portions of delicious food, and clean dining room just made this our new favorite spot! Very kid friendly and very reasonable! $5.25 for a lunch special that includes entree, rice, soup, wanton/eggroll/crab puff. And $8.95 for a HUGE dinner that includes all of the aforementioned sides. The mongolian beef was so tender and the egg drop soup is the best we've had in town. The only thing we would change is the large amount of 5 spice in the lo mein but otherwise have no complaints! We'll definitely visit again. And soon!
5	I'll always love this place. The only bitches that'd complain are ones that raise their pinkys when taking a sip. Lol gtfoh! This place rocks!!
5	this place is AMAZING!  the sizzling rice soup is out of this world.  crisp, fresh veggies, chicken, & jumbo shrimp in a PHENOMENAL broth.  probably the best broth i've ever tasted.  my in-laws took my fiance and i for dinner there, and it was fabulous.  wonderful service, fresh food, and a very tidy space.  i can't wait to go back.  i hope they never close!
2	The egg flower soup was so tasteless and bland. I was sipping water. The cashew chicken was alright but lacking in a lot of flavor and ingredients.
2	I used to love coming here until I came to pick up food for my office building and the staff on the clock didn't know how to use the register and could only accept cash. I had to sit for 20 minutes to wait for the manager to come back from wherever they were to take my card. Thanks, now my food is cold.
