5	This is a great juice stop! Recipes are amazing! Place is clean!! . If you are looking for healthy juice this is the place! I highly recommend.
5	They great juices and smoothies... All of which are much healthier than what you'd find at a typical smoothie joint. It is located inside Partell Pharmacy, so it's a little out of the way if you're not looking for it. The staff is super friendly and informative. The staff has been trained correctly and knows what they're talking about. The product is made from the best/highest quality ingredients. Try em out. You'll find something right for you.
5	I stumbled upon this juice place and was so glad I did! Best smoothies I've ever had without all the added sugar and junk that's bad for you. High quality fruits and veggies with a great friendly staff.  I grabbed myself a yummy South Beach Berry smoothie while waiting for my prescription at Partell Pharmacy. This little hidden gem is right inside the building, right next to the pharmacy. Definitely will be coming here again!
5	I just love this new juice bar! So glad you guys are open and have extended your days and time! Juices and smoothies are delish! Can not wait for you to start serving food! I am a flight attendant and you are right on my way to the airport! Plan to stop by every time I head to work... Get a healthy jump start to my trips! Thank you guys your place is awesome! Not to mention the beautiful,  friendly and knowledgable staff behind the bar! Thank you for making my road to life more healthy!
5	This juice bar wellness cafe has some if the tastiest and healthiest juice drinks and smoothies I have tried.  I love the two refreshing green recipes and the Mocha Love or Chocolate Thunder protein  smoothies with a boost of MCT and Expresso powder will power you for hours. The health coaches and adjacent  Partell specialty Pharmacy are cool and incredibly knowledgable and helpful people on most any topic of health and wellness. A must stop!!
5	The chocolate thunderdome (I think that's what it was called) was a great drink. Normally protein drinks like that are chalky or bland. This had a great flavor and I could drink it casually! That cannot be said often!Great staff, Camille and Charles were very nice. I'd like to go again and try more of their products!
5	Chocolate Thunderdome...MmmmmM  These smoothies are so tasty and less sugary than the chain Smoothie places. It's located inside the Phartell Pharmacy. Both of the employees are so friendly and energetic. It was fun to hang out with them while enjoying the smoothie. :)
5	We were hosting a fitness week at our high rise condo tower and enlisted The Green Regime to come out and blend to order their smoothies for our residents. From start to finish Wendy was a ton of help and had everything setup and ready to go for after the fitness class. I personally ordered the Vanilla smoothie and thought it was fabulous. I also tried the Tropical and the Clean Green, both were really great healthy options. What I like most about these drinks is that the sugar content is low compared to other chain smoothie shops. These drinks were FRESH and good for you. All of the residents gave very positive feedback about the drinks they received and were very excited to have them onsite. Will definitely use them again in the future.
3	I ordered the chocolate thunder and my friend ordered the Mocha Lover. Both of us enjoyed our drinks, I thought $9.50 for a 24oz was a little bit high but not terrible. I asked the  guy at the counter how many grams of sugar the drink had. His response was "I have no idea". This just isn't a good way to respond to a customer, ever. It took a while to find the store as its inside a pharmacy and the sign is tiny. The sign out front says "grand opening" on it, so I asked the guy at the counter how long they've been open and he said 5 months. I said, you know you're sign says grand opening, right? His response was something like "well that sign wasn't my idea". It seems like they need some training for their employees.
5	Love that this is here. Hard to find healthy choices in Las Vegas. THIS IS ONE OF THOSE PLACES!Nice assortment of juices and smoothies.Friendly people, great service.Hard to find,in Partell pharmacy near the Carl's Jr.
5	I love their vegan protein shakes! Chocolate Thunder is amazing. I'm not vegan but whey protein gives me an upset stomach. Their vegan protein is a five plant-source blend so the amino acid spectrum is excellent unlike just using brown rice or yellow pea. Their protein powder is also powerfully detoxifying. I know all of this because this place is right inside Partell Pharmacy and staffed by knowledgeable health coaches. They know a lot about supplements and helped me find a couple of awesome products that I really like. They have the protein powders and the greens powders, chocolate is my favorite, right there at the store. The health coaches will even give you their protein shake recipes. They also have metabolic assessments they can do and have health, wellness, and nutritional programs. I have also tried their Clean Green. It's a great way to get a lot of healthy greens with very little sugar. This is a truly healthy drink without all of the super sweetness and sugar overload found in most fruit-based smoothies. I don't eat nearly enough greens so having a Clean Green often keeps me feeling healthy and detoxified. Enjoy!
4	I couldn't find this place for like 10 minutes. Why? There isn't a sign. It's in a pharmacy. Definitely fits the mood and the setting. It's so clean and quiet. Just like every other juice bar, it's healthy. They don't have many choices, but honestly they have just enough choices. They have one with berries, they have one with non-berry fruits, they have just vegetables, they have a chocolate and a vanilla drink. I can't really comment on other things about this establishment. There isn't much to it. It has a purpose and definitely serves their purpose well. It's a simple juice bar/cafe. What else do you really expect? There aren't many in the area to begin with. So if you're in the area, just go; especially if you don't already juice at home.My justeatit rating: WheneverIDon'tFeelLikeJuicingAtHome#justeatitgirl
4	They're located inside the Partell Pharmacy so it can be somewhat hard to find, but they do have a sign outside the door. They provide a variety of different shakes and some times will have samples on the counter for you to try. I'm a sucker for their Chocolate Thunder shake. I docked a star because the drinks are pricey. Their employees are friendly and the service is great. They provide interesting nutritional books to read while you wait for your drink.
