4	When in shoe doubt, head over to DSW. This large warehouse is packed with shoes, and so long as you are in the mood to bargain hunt, you will most likely have a successful shopping experience. It may be easy to get overwhelmed here because of the rows and rows of shoes. Nothing is displayed fancily, it is literally just shoes out on display with extra sizes right underneath in boxes so you can just help yourself to trying things on (I happen to like this better than having to ask salespeople). The location here is a great store, and one of my favorite parts about it is the sale racks in the back. Imagine, a shoe store full of bargains anyway, and then heading to the back and finding even more! You can save big here, no doubt. I scored a pair of shoes here for $12 once, Nine West, originally $60 something. Not bad! Also, check out the handbags - great designers at even better prices!
3	DSW has an awesome selection of shoes. You could spend a lot of time going through row upon row of discounted shoes. I browse DSW (especially the clearance racks, where you can find some sweet deals) every time I'm in the area. When I needed running shoes, I headed to DSW. Sure, if I were some marathon runner, I'd go to more of a specialty shoe store. But I just needed $50 New Balance running shoes for the YMCA. I have two complaints though. The staff can be overwhelming. One time when I was there, literally every staff member approached me and tried to sign me up for some rewards program. I'm sure they were having a campaign that day, but it was really annoying. And sometimes the prices on the shoebox don't match the prices on the signs, so then you have to get someone to figure out what is the right number while you hope it's the lower price.
4	Ah, shoes. The root of my existence but also the cause of budgetary woes. I love shoes. They fit all the time. So, that being said, I'm a fan of DSW in general and I'll toss out a fist pump for this DSW, frankly because it's the closest one to my house. This isn't saying much as I still have to travel quite a ways down South Blvd. to get there - but mayyybe that's a good thing. Husband says yes, that is indeed a good thing.This DSW is, naturally, stocked with rows and rows of shoes. It leans a bit heavier on the women's section, but there are plenty for dudes, too. You won't see super high end brands here, but I've spied: Tahari, Puma, Nike, Ann Klein, Calvin Klein, Sam Edelman, BCBG, Asics, Jessica Simpson & more. As always, the shoes are discounted and the sale section in the back is surely hit or miss. You'll also see handbags and socks thrown into the mix here. Definitely join their free rewards program for extra cash back. Long live the shoe shoppers!
4	I was surprised to see that DSW is now carrying a bunch of running shoes!  Before it used to be just casual and formal shoes (for men) but I went here the other day and was pleasantly surprised.   Now it's not going to be a specialized as say a Run for your Life or TrySports store, but it was nice to find a store that carried Mizunos or Asics.Normally I just stick to the right hand side (2 aisles) where the men's shoes are at and the back clearance section.  My sister often goes here... sometimes for hours on end and I can see why since their selection is vastly greater on the women's side.
3	DSW has always been a weakness of mine. So many shoes. So many bargain shoes, arranged by size, with pretty little stickers to tell you exactly how much to deduct. Yeah, I have a problem. That's fine, I've embraced it.Brand love aside, this location is pretty average. You want a shoe, go there, you have a decent chance of finding it. The clearance is okay and the regular price selection is a nice cross-section. I'ma whine that it is all the way down South Blvd cause that's what I do, but honestly, I think its better that way for my wallet.
2	Too pricey for low quality wear!  The customer service is low and the employees seem to not like to help a lot.
