5	Great place for gun purchases, reloading supplies, cerakote work and a bunch of other stuff firearm related. The guys that run this place are top notch and genuinely good people. I recommend Extreme Ventures to anyone looking for a smaller, friendlier gun shop!!
5	Have had three handguns cerakoted. They did amazing jobs. Recently had a rifle transferred to them. Impeccable service. Love these guys.
5	Had heard from a friend that this shop was straight forward, without pressure, and did not kill you with prices.  All the above is true.  In addition, they do great gun work and are very honest people.  Great to deal with.
5	I made a knife for a fellow headed overseas to Afghanistan and wanted to have it cerakoted before I delivered it. I dropped off the knife as soon as the opened and went about my way to do some other chores and got a call that day about noon that the knife was done. Same day service you can't beat that. I'm in the process now of completing a large batch of knives and will have them all cerakoted by these guys.
5	I was looking for powder for a 300 AAC Blackout upper I am building. As soon as I walked in the door (after their high security dog greeted me and I passed the sniff test), I knew I was in the right place. As reloaders, we are all familiar with the shops that advertise "Reloading Supplies", but have nothing more than a used Lee single stage press, dusty Shotgun primers, and 3lbs of powder for a 50 BMG on the shelf. When you ask if they have something specific in stock, it's always "no, but I can order it!" I can order it too, but I always hope to find a shop with a good reloading inventory.The guys at Extreme Ventures are clearly knowledgeable reloaders, as they had a nice selection of Primers, Bullets, and Cases for many calibers. They also had bulk loaded ammo in sealed plastic bags, as well as a selection of factory ammo. They had a decent supply of smokeless powder (harder to get than a date with  Kate Upton), but didn't have the exact powder I was looking for, which did not surprise me as no one seems to have a great supply of powder in stock. (Dam Preppers are busy burying it all over the Valley! :) They stock AR lowers that were good quality, and several Handguns were in the display case. What impressed me the most were 3 Rifles that they had Cerakoated and put on display at a table in the middle of the room. The quality was outstanding! I have no experience with Cerakoat, and have no plans to use it, but I know a quality coating when I see one.There were no gun store Commandos or Testosterone injected used Car Salesmen in sight, and I don't think that's the image they want to project. I was left to browse at my leisure, and they went about what they were doing before I walked in. All of the questions I had were answered to my complete satisfaction.If you are looking for Reloading supplies, AR Parts, Ammo, Reloading manuals and probably anything else you can think of, stop in and see these guys! You can even sign up for their electronic newsletter, and get a heads up when new inventory comes in. Finally a Gun shop in Vegas that "gets it".
1	Customer service sucks. They say one thing & do another. If your looking for a good gun shop in henderson, go to spurlocks. Never again will they have my business nor the rest of my families that went there.
