2	I tried this a while back, thought it might be good, no co pay for medications, but the lines, the wait times, very bad.  I even mentioned it too them, sent in an email and told them why do I want to wait 45 minutes to pick up meds when I can get them at a CVS any time, and within 15 minutes of drop, not to mention automatic refill.So when my co pay went up, and I found myself having to pay close to $700 a year in prescription co pays, I decided, I'd try the culinary pharmacy again.  I am using the culinary clinic, so they can send my scripts over via computer and they assure me, a simple walk in and they'll be ready.When I got to the pharmacy, it was a short line and about 20 minutes of wait time only to find yes the prescriptions had been sent over via computer, but they didn't automatically fill them.  So they told me to come back. This is not looking so good, so I left and gave them a few days to fill them, and I decided to come on a Saturday morning, I arrived to find a long line waiting outside, doors open @10am.  Once opened, most of those in front of me went to the window for drop off and not pick up, so I thought it was gonna be good. Sure enough, about 10minutes I have my meds and was leaving.  Now thinking I had to call to get refills, didn't realize they had given me 60 days worth, so when I finally figured it out, I was relieved  I didn't have to stand in line again this month.  I'm not convinced it will better, but we'll see next month when it's time to re order!
5	It's always crowded, it is located at not-so-savory neighborhood (right next to stratosphere), and finding a parking spot could be challenging sometimes. But I'm very grateful that I get most of my medications for free here. Culinary Health Fund Rocks!!!!! The staffs are friendly and confident. I usually come in to drop off the prescription the day before so that I don't have to deal with long waiting time. If you absolutely have to wait, just drive to Luv-It Frozen Custard to get a cup of amazing ice cream & come back, or get married to some strangers at nearby chapel.
5	Awesome! No co-pays and the line moves nicely!  Free coffee!
5	Things are looking good at the Culinary Pharmacy, I have seen changes and they are good. First, the hours have changed and they are now open earlier and stay later, even on Saturdays. Second, they have opened up a lot more windows and addded more staff to accomendate more volume. So no more long lines!I also love that they can dispense two months at a time, with call automation, I can call, leave my refill facts and can find my prescrpitions waiting for me within a reasonable time frame!Now, if we can work on their formulary, that is, the list of mefications they have available! I still have medications I have to go to Walgreens for, would love it if I didn't. It would be great to have a one stop shop! Hopeful, it will come!
