5	I just had my AC repaired by Above Par Heat and Air.Great job !! Quick service, even this time of year, the first week of hot weather. The service man was friendly, proffessional and knowlagable. He called to let me know he was running a little late, no problem !!!  He called ! My AC was fixed and I am very happy with this company. I will recomend and use this company again.Five stars !!!!!
1	Please consider taking your business to a more professional company. We have been lied to, accused of lying, yelled at in our own home, and the contractor quoted three separate times when he would come out to make the repair and he did not show up. This company was referred to us by Old Republic Home Protection, and after nine days, we are still without air conditioning. It is now 1 pm and contractor told us yesterday he would be here at 9 am. If he shows up today he will be 4 or more hours late.
5	It's the first 110 degree day here in Arizona and my AC shits the bed. Im watching the thermostat in my house quickly rise from 78 to 96. I need an AC guy quick. It was late in the day around 5:30pm and I call Above Par. I told him I have no air, he says " No problem, Im finishing a job and Ill be right over." He shows up like he said he would. Its dark and he and his partner work without missing a beat. It's about 8:30pm and he is through...with my job at least. He tells me he is on his way to Fountain Hills then to Chandler! Good spirits and attitude the whole time.  I have a 12 year old system that I know needs to be replaced and will fail completely one day. I kniow this but Im squeezing all the air out of this rock until it wont give anymore and right now it's running ice cold and blowing hard!  Well, the next morning the bracket broke and we lost our AC again. I called Above Par to let him know. He came out, again accomodating the time I was available and fixed the problem....no charge. I want to add that this was a seperate incident too. The guy that owns the company is Austin and he is knowledgeable and efficient. I hope his company serves as a model for other HVAC guys. High integrity, reasonable pricing and knows the business they're in. I will be replacing my unit the same day it croaks and I will be using Above Par when the time comes.
