4	I swore I had already reviewed this place. But I must've been hallucinating (again.) I had stopped in here quite a while back, to pick up some sushi, gyoza, and seaweed salad to go. I was pretty unimpressed, and I remember thinking I'd give it two and a half stars.However, I went back on Friday, and went for the full-on Korean BBQ experience -- a first for me. And I am so glad, I gave Takamatsu a second chance, especially where they can show off their star attraction.I was a little early, and decided that while I was waiting for my dining companion, I'd sip a G&T. Bad idea. First, I had to point out to the server which bottle on the bar was the gin. Then, I tried (and failed) to explain what tonic was. I got a gin and soda, no lime. I doctored it up with a sugar packet and the lemon wedge from my water, but ulgh.Again, my bad for not playing to their strengths. I should've gotten a beer, or heck, a plain ol' shot of booze.Since it was the first Korean BBQ experience for us, we decided to pick one thing we'd heard of and one that was kind of healthy. We went for the bu-go-ki beef and the shrimp. Our server returned with about a dozen little dishes full of fixins, and placed a grate on the grill and turned it on. The dishes contained kim-chee, fish cakes, something spinachy, something bean sprouty, little minnow jerkies, bean paste, tofu, pickles, jalapenos, and garlic cloves. I may have forgotten a couple of things.I don't know if we were getting the short shrift, or if our server assumed we were pros at this, because the process was not explained at all. Luckily, I'm a grilling fool, so I just dove right in and started cooking some meat. We also had to flag her down in order to ask what some of the things were as well.  In addition, when we were done with our beef, and were ready to move onto shrimp, she didn't change the grate. I didn't even know this was an option, until I saw a neighboring table have it done. I tend to think it was just shoddy service, since we waited ages for drink refills as well.I don't want to say it was because we were some of the few non-Koreans there. I think it was more likely that it was because we were just a two top, and not doing mad shots of shoyu = less opportunity for a big tip. Either way, the service part of the experience kind of sucked. Nonetheless, I'd readily come back -- maybe with a group.
4	I have had lunch here several times in the past and enjoy each time. This past week I had a bento box with chicken. It comes with rice, kimchi, (a variety of choices) CA roll (3 pieces) and the main dish of chopped, grilled chicken. It was very enjoyable. The staff is quick and friendly.I will definitely be back.
4	Friday night, need a sushi fix, live on the westside.  Hmmm.  Heard about Takamatsu, so thought we'd give it a try.  It's in the strip center on the northeast corner of 43rd and Dunlap.  It is a Korean BBQ restaurant which also has 9 or so Japanese dinners, and a rather limited sushi menu.Hubs and I had a Royal California Roll ($5) which is a deep fried CA roll, a Crunch Roll ($8.50):  shrimp tempura, cuke, avocado, crab salad and tempura batter outside; a spicy tuna roll ($5)  an eel roll.($6.50), and saba nigiri sushi ($3.50)The rolls are all average size, and were quite tasty.  Better than Sushi Koi and Mr. Sushi.  Finding decent sushi on the west side, south of Thunderbird, is almost a miracle!  My husband had the spicy tuna roll, and said the tuna was minced, and he wasn't too crazy about that, but really enjoyed everything else, as did I.  The crunch roll was warm all the way through which was nice.  The saba had a good flavor.The waitstaff are all very friendly; English is a challenge for some, and we felt our server was somewhat inattentive, but someone else took over.Not outstanding, but hit the spot quite nicely.  On the west side, beggars can't be choosers.  We will definitely return to Takamatsu.
2	Looking for cheap sushi? You'll get it here, in terms of portions, quality, preparation... everything but price. This evidently is what happens when Koreans sell Japanese food prepared by Latinos with a total emphasis on cost-per-serving control. All in all, this is a must miss.
3	This is close to one of my offices and my co-workers enjoy enough that we are regulars here.  The lunchbox specials are pretty good, especially #1, the Short Rib.  I've also had some of their special sushi rolls.  The AZ Diamondback is pretty good.Service is hit or miss, sometimes they just get over their head with customers and can never make up for the poor service.  Overall the food is pretty good and works out for lunch, sometime I will have to try the Koren Dinner.
5	This place was great. I am Korean and from Los Angeles and I love this place. The food is very authentic and tasty just like home. I ate there two days in a row when I was in Phoenix. I had the Sushi, Kalbi and Bulgogi. My friend had the spicy seafood soup and it was great.Update - Went there again this past weekend and the food was amazing again. I ate too much but was worth it.
4	Being that there are a limited amount of Korean restaurants in the valley it's hard to try to compare them. It's either good or bad. Although some of these places go through many changes in owners and the quality and service fluctuates.Nothing can compare to Southern Cali Korean food but this place has been a favorite for the family. There are other places but this is the closest and never had anything bad. I love the table top grill and can never say I no to this place. I don't know about the sushi here since I always known it for just the Korean food so I will just stick to that. Anyone wanting to try Korean food do it right and go all out here!!!Another cool thing about this place is, during spring training there are a lot of Korean Baseball players in the majors, when they are in town they are known to frequent this place more than once a week, who knows they might even bring their teammates.
2	I was craving Korean food so drove myself way across town b/c so many people recommended the food.  I have to say, I was sorely disappointed!I ordered the dolsot bibimbap which is sizzling hot stone bowl filled with rice and topped with a nice medley of vegetables.  The key is to mix in the hot sauce and quickly mix everything together while the bowl still sizzles.  This was a major disappointment because there was just SO MUCH rice and so little veggies and the veggies that they did use were very uninspired.  They could have used some traditional korean greens but instead it was just the plain stuff...  I can easily make it better at home.Also, the banchan was bad as well.   The marinated garlic stems were horrible and tasted way old...  so did the kimchi..It's not worth the drive but if I'm in the neighborhood maybe I'll try it again one day.  I'm used to the great Korean food in LA so my standards could be too high, but I really think this place could put a little more effort into their food.
2	Honestly, I'm not going back.  We were craving Japanese bbq one day.  When we asked around, people recommended Takamatsu and so we decided to give it a try.  The service was very nice and the restaurant was full of people, mostly Caucasians.  Until we find a good Japanese bbq place in Arizona, we are gonna stick with Korean food @ Chodang.  *They serve Korean bbq, NOT Japanese bbq.  (If you do not know the difference, please try Gyu Kaku in L.A.)*The meat = frozen and tough*Side dishes = plenty but average...or less.*Decor = very run down...*Portions = wonderful, so much food/person*Area = not too desirable*Drinks = I ordered soft drinks not knowing that there were no refills
4	I like Takamatsu for its fresh fish and all-you-can eat menu. The manager/head waiter is very nice and remembers you as well as what you like. The sushi portions - both nigiri and rolls - are generous, and not just with rice. I especially like the Yummy Yummy roll, which features shrimp tempura and crab, cream cheese and smelt roe. It really is yummy.
5	My favorite sushi restaurant in the valley.  I don't think I've ever had the Korean bbq there because I'm always at the sushi bar.  The fish always tastes fresh, the price is good, really good if you do the all you can eat menu.  Its really rare to find a place with better service and this place has the absolute best, nicest, most charming sushi chef in town.  The owner makes a point to remember his customers and often chats among them.    Even if you were disappointed with the bbq I'd highly suggest giving the sushi side a try.
3	I typed Japanese and my zip code in to Yelp and came up with Korean.  So off I went.I am pretty sure there are several menu options.  I had a lunch menu which had none of the grill options on it and I think there is yet another menu for the sushi bar.  Directly behind me I could hear a grill being used and saw a couple of carts of food go past me to the table.  Would have been nice to see how all the food was used but I probably would have watched closely enough to intrude on their meal.I ordered a sliced beef lunch box ($8.95) and an iced tea ($1.25).  First up was a cloudy bowl of soup with green onions in it, pretty tasty.  After a while lunch arrived in a compartmented  tray.  Front and center was the beef, several gristly pieces.  Off to the near left were some pickled veggies and in the far left were, I think, 3 slices of California roll, a piece of apple, some sort of deep fried thingy and some ginger?  In the far right was sticky rice and in the very center was some Wasabi.  And in the near right was I think a couple of different kinds of bean sprouts, some sort of green leafy veggie and some sort of cake thing.  Even though I couldn't identify most of it I ate it all.  Obviously it didn't taste bad or I would have ignored some of it.The service was ok but not friendly like it was with the regulars.  I would have liked to ask some questions about what was on my plate but got the Big Box store lack of eye contact with every employee that walked past.  Oddly, when they brought my entree they did not take away my empty soup bowl.  I noticed they did that at all of the tables, only busing once.It looks like the back section of the dining room could be partially closed off for a group.It was an ok experience.  I think I would rather go with somebody who knew the foods better.
4	My family and I come here once every few months. It's pretty difficult to find a restaurant my parents like, and they actually ask my brother and I if we want to go there for dinner. Being former chefs, my parents like to cook the meat at the table. We have always gotten great-tasting, fresh meat everytime we come here. We typically order a plate of shrimp, and a plate of pork. We also start with a large plate of fresh sashimi too. The service is pretty good, but we did have an issue with the manager one time. My brother left behind a memory card for his camera on the table in the restaurant. When we went back in to ask for it, he said he hadn't seen it - with a smirk on his face.We still continue to eat here because there aren't too many choices around our house for good Korean food.
3	A friend suggested Korean BBQ and so we chose this place. I had a hard time finding it but once I saw it, I don't know how I missed it!  We ordered a shrimp, chicken, and beef dish (I believe #22, 23, and 28) to try a good mix of everything. The food  came with a great deal of veggies and sides so we did not need any sushi or appetizers at all. The food was pretty good. The beef and chicken had a lot of flavor but the shrimp was a little lacking. It was fun to cook the food on our own table grill! The staff was friendly and brought everything quickly. My friend had her baby with her and the place was very baby friendly. The final bill for four people was $52.00 and we were all stuffed which was a very reasonable price. The decor left something to the imagination but overall we enjoyed it and I would go back.
4	My grandma was craving sushi, so I took her to this place. She really enjoyed it, and I'm glad it pleased her appetite. They had some of the best Korean food that I have found in the area. I was pleasantly surprised at how fresh the fish was for the sushi. I would definitely come back whenever I'm in the area. :)
2	I find it so hard to write a review on this place.  Some of the food tastes so good, yet some, as Abu J. mentioned, is barely edible.  I really liked the meats we barbecued ourselves.  And the first time I went we ordered a noodle dish with meat that was very tasty.  Yet, some of the food seems to have an off flavor to it...or maybe it's just my inexperience with Korean food.  I do love the kim chi though.  I've never eaten the sushi there before and I am curious to try it.
4	Good food and great value.  Buff said.
4	Ok, I will give them overall 4 star. I've been here more than I can count. Some bad, some good experience. Bad experiences were due to not-so-tasty dishes. I had a fish egg soup one time and they were so freezer burnt, I couldn't finish them. I haven't been back for few months. The recent visits were today and last week for lunch. The crowd was decent. 5 or 6 tables. I ordered beef soup($7.99), my husband had spicy chicken($6.99). He liked his chicken. I was bit surprised since he doesn't really like korean food. My soup was good. We also got 6 side dishes. kimchee, cucumber kimchee, fish cake, radish, potato, and spinach. They were all good. The service could get little bad since they don't seem to have enough server every time I go there. My tip for you, Don't wait for them to ask how you are doing. Ask them what you need when they pass by you. I know that's rude, but sometimes that's only way to get help.
5	The best Korean food I have tasted since moving to AZ. It took a while to find one that I actually like. Their spicy squid remind me of the restaurant I went to as a kid. Their jap chae is good but a little sweet which I am not used too. I still order it though. I have had their hot pots (Dolsot Bibim Bap)  and they are all good... the bulgolgi and kalbe are good as well. My mom orders the broiled milk fish and she loves it. They have a great selection of kim-chee and give you more if you want some. I am always asking for this seasoned seaweed and seasoned fish cake.The staff is good and always attentive. We go here soooo much that they know us. They also serve sushi and sashimi. I order the Sashimi if I am really feeling hungry. The cuts of meet taste fairly fresh.... I am picky about my fish especially since the closet ocean is a couple hundred miles away. This place does a good job of it. The sushi rolls are decent. Nothing spectacular.... Their smaller than what I am used to but then again I come here for their Korean food not the Japanese food. All in all the best Korean Restaurant I have been to since moving to the valley.
3	korean owned japanese restaurant..  only time i visit.. when i crave korean food.. food is good. sushi is.. well.. i ordered sushi roll once.. and it was smothered with lemon sauce.. lemon and sushi.. no thanks..   it is like ordering fresh fruit salad and adding salad dressing on it..  first time i visited.. 1995.. and everything else is pretty much the same.. servers are friendly... food is decent... price is little high..i would like to give 4 stars.. but there isn't much special about the place to earn it..  i know i am cruel.. booo.. i know..
4	Good Korean food place. The BBQ is served on the table.  Really nice presentation.  Can use better service.  The restaurant is located in ghetto but inside is nice.  Overall, good experience
4	Nice friendly field to the place.  Service was fairly prompt.  My glass of water was frequently filled.  Although good, it almost got the point of it being annoying.  We got a couple different rolls.   They where all good.   I think I'd recommend the Spicy Tuna Lasagna.  The sauce was a tad thick but still good.  I've been to the one in Tucson.   I think I prefer the one in Tucson because of their all-u-can-eat special but all and all it was a fairly good experience.
1	I went for an early dinner on a Saturday night. with two friends.There were only three other tables and two already had their food. They asked if we wanted one of the BBQ tables, we said yes that is what we came for. Here is how the dinner progressed...1) Asked for the sushi  menu and ordered iced tea.2) 10 minutes passes (maybe more, I am feeling generous) and the drinks come. We handed her the sushi order and placed our BBQ order.3) 5 minutes later we get our teas.4) Maybe 20 minutes later (still being generous) and they bring out our BBQ order...COOKED!!!! and COLD!!!!! We said we wanted to cook our own. (We were sitting at the freaking BBQ table and...they asked us when they sat us!!) We get some comment that it was too hot inside. Now get this, the table that had just left next to us had cooked their own!!5) Then they bring us the miso soup...luke warm at best. (Did I say there were only three other tables??6) 15 minutes later they bring the sushi.7) Absolutely-appalling-yuk-disgusting-gag-a-maggot. The rice was not sticky and the whole thing fell apart when put in the soy\wasabi dip. The rice they served with the BBQ was stickier. I should have disassembled the sushi and made my own at the table using that rice. The nori was chewy, like the sushi had been sitting for too long. I spit most of it out into my napkin. I question the freshness of the tuna and scallops as well. I hope I do not get food poisoning.8) The service was horrible. When I needed a refill, they never came. I was sucking on the straw loudly trying to get their attention. (yes, uncouth, but come on!!!) My buddy got so frustrated he got up grabbed our glasses and took them to their drink station to fill them up. The servers were on the other side of the partition eating and having a conversation.I will NEVER eat at this worthless dump again.They were lucky I left them a ten percent tip. I seriously thought of stiffing on the tip and in hindsight I should have.Eat at this place at your own risk!!
1	I think this was my 3rd or maybe 4th visit to Takamatsu...and definitely my last. Want my review? See Anonymous X's review. There it is. Yeah, I actually had to get up and take our glasses over to re-fill them myself. They never came back and asked if everything was good. I seriously think they just didn't care. It was a really weird vibe, almost like they didn't want us there. Well, they got their wish because we won't be back.Any recommendations for a good Korean place in the valley. I need my Bul Go Ki fix but I'll starve before I go back to the shithole known as Takamatsu.
3	This one is hard for me since I really like the Takamatsu in Chandler and had a great experience in both Chandler and Tucson.  I have been to the Dunlap location at least 3 times, simply because it was close and my hubby doesn't eat a lot of sushi.  So, what we usually do is I order sushi and he orders the teriyaki.The sushi I do have to admit it, is not worth the money at all.  I ordered sushi from the place mat menu and since it doesn't list prices, I thought it would be more reasonable than $12.00 for the small amount of fish that was in my sushi.  I was ok with this place until I went there with a friend who was familiar with their Korean menu.We wanted to cook the pork ribs ourselves, but the lady said that we had to order two orders, so we didn't.  I had such a great experience doing to cooking at the Chandler Takamatsu that I thought it would be fun again, but oh well.The ribs came out and it was chewy and the portion for the one order was a lot smaller than the Chandler location.  Even the Tucson Takamatsu had better sushi and food.I just don't get it about this location?
4	Best Korean in Phoenix
4	Takamatsu on Dunlap, it was probably 7-8 years between visits; why?The last time went for a birthday party with friends; some really liking Korean BBQ others never experiencing Korean BBQ.  After the sake bombers and a couple of beers; the were set.  Never tried the sushi; because I will always go because of the Korean BBQ.  All of the kimchi dishes were fantastic; and really compliment the meals.  I will not make the same mistake again and make it another 7-8 years between visits!!!
3	Soooo the hubs and I keep meaning to try this place. And we finally did! Its a rather small place, but we must have gone on a slow night as there were only a few tables. We wanted both sushi and Korean BBQ so we sat at one of the grill tables. We got the marinated thin sliced beef, sooooooooooooo good! We also got the chicken, which was all dark meat and I am a white meat only girl, so I was sad that I didn't get to eat any of it since that was what I ordered. When you order Korean BBQ you get all these tiny little random side dishes, some were good, some were questionable. You also get a miso soup that is just all right. The hubs and our friend got down on 4 different kinds of sushi, I'm not totally into it, so I didn't eat any, but they cleaned the plate and said it was awesome! We paid $99 for 2 dishes of Korean BBQ, 4 different kinds of sushi, 3 large beers and two saki's. Not to bad if you ask me.
4	This is the best choice and probably the only choice I have at any kind of Korean BBQ in the Phoenix area. I never ever eat sushi at a place when their sushi bar is smaller than my table. An exaggeration of course, but just an observation I've made in many of my sushi bar experiences.The portions for the cook it yourself KBBQ is pretty generous. I've had the neung myun and its refreshing on a summer day. All the meats I've had here are pretty well marinated and juicy. Bulgolgi, kalbi ribs, the chicken and pork. Yum! The waitresses are cute and accommodating, just ask and they'll see what they can do for you! The ban chan is pretty tasty too.Wish it wasn't so far from where I live though, I'd go more often. But then I would be broke! So I guess it cancels out. I hope they stick around. Places are closing down like wild fire. :(
3	I will admit the food here is great, however the service is pathetic. I have vowed to never eat here again due to my last visit. I went in ordered bulgogi to go but asked if she could give me a side of some spicy sauce she had given me the last time I was in. She goes to the back comes back and tells me no because the cook is too busy to make it. I looked around the place and there was nobody there. I asked her again why I couldnt get just a small side of this sauce she just shrugged her shoulders and told me they werent making it. Needless to say I told her Id eat somewhere else. If you do eat here don't expect the service to be anything but aweful.
3	It's ok... others rant and rave about the place, but I've tried the sushi and I've tried the teppan at different times, even years apart and I just wasn't that thrilled.The booth seats smelled moldy during my teppan experience... so it may be jaded by that.To me, the proteins just didn't taste that great, the best part was the veggies during my teppan experience.The sushi... pretty boring.  Nothing special to write home about.  Not much spice or anything to make them different.
1	Well I decided to give this place another chance since I really do like the food. I ended up taking a friend thinking it would be a better experience but I was sooooo wrong. I don't know what is with the women that work there but they suck at customer service. I ended up having to ask the young man that works there to take our order after three other tables that had arrived way after we arrived had recieved their food before our order was even taken. He was great as usual but it still didn't  make up for the poor service we recieved that night. I will not be returning to that place ever again and I plan to speak to the owner if I can. So if you like bitchy women who neglect you and leave you starving & watching others eat then this is your place.
3	The happy hour there is awesome! 22oz Japanese beers for $4 and sushi rolls for $3, and the sushi is actually good. The service on the other hand is below par. Can't really expect much when there is only one server. The quality and price of the food definitely makes up for the sub par service. The service is just slow, but the staff is very kind.
4	Excellent food, so-so service. BBQ seafood pancake pinimbop all delish , cooked the Korean BBQ at our table, my guest is Korean and she prepared the meat according to tradition.  All the kimchi dishes are unique and come out as an appetizer, ample tastes.the wait staff was having internal disputes during our meal but the owners apologized as we finally made our way to the door.
4	I love this location of Takamatsu.I frequented this location A  LOT when I used to live in PHX.As far as Korean restaurants go- we all know that they aren't known for their remarkable service. This location of Takamatsu is the exception.Korean food here is really tasty for PHX standards, but the reason why my boyfriend and I kept coming back here aside from location was because of the service.Every time we came here, the servers were very attentive and SUPER friendly. Even if they were deep in the weeds, they still managed to remain alert to our table- or at least apologize if they forgot something (which rarely happens at Korean restaurants).They are far from cheap when it comes to their ban chan (side dishes).The servers here work really hard, and I know you would have a great dining experience if you decide to check this place out.
4	This restaurant has a great atmosphere. The diy grill is a great way to centerpiece great food and company. I extremely enjoy the Kalbi and Bulgolgi. They are both seasoned very well with that perfect sweet and savory Korean BBQ taste. The little side dishes they give you are yummy and plentiful. Heck, I get kinda full just snacking on those until the food comes! Only warning is that the croquettes are extremely bland! Only attempt to try if you reaaaalllly like mashed potatoes... wrapped up in a battered coating...
2	More underwhelming sushi from the west valley. I have friends that swear this place has some of the best, and I'm just not seeing it. Nothing on the specialty roll menu was special. Unagi nigiri-surprisingly scorching when it arrived. It also tasted off, like it was old and reheated. The '21 roll'-Standard tempura with eel sauce and spicy mayo that you can find anywhere. It has four or five different fish in it, but it's not like they really shine. Admittedly tasty.007 roll-Avocado and shrimp on top, spicy krab filler. Nothing mind blowing. Very watery for a roll of its kind. Questionable.Takamatsu charges decent sushi prices while delivering sushi that just ain't up to snuff. I promised myself not to review this place until I tried the Korean BBQ side that most people come for, but I can't wait that long. Friends don't let friends eat bad sushi.
1	Things have changed at this restaurant. What a disappointment. This restaurant has been in business for many years with authentic Korean food with outstanding service. Still the food is fair. However the way the food is served was terrible, especially with barbecue.  We have waited around 20 minutes for the side dishes are served and barbecue came about 45 minutes later even after our noodles and rices. Servers were not helping us barbecue and anything that we have asked to servers has been re-asked and delayed.No wonder there are not many Koreans. Role of servers is extremely important  for  Korean dishes, especially if it is for a barbecue. Even though it's foods are still fair, the way the food is prepared and served is a total disaster and I would not call this authentic Korean. If you are satisfied with this restaurant, you will be amazed with how the authentic Korean foods are prepared and served in Korea or even in Southern California.  A definite thumbs down!  Try somewhere else for Korean foods.
5	Our family eats there at least three times a week. We are never disappointed with the food or the service. 1st rate in our book.. Friendly courteous and prompt with their service. They have it figured out! For a first class dining experience stop by you will not be disappointed
1	The last time we went there was on Mother's day 2011. We had a surprise visit from a bug (Caterpillar looking thing) in our spicy octopus with noodle dish. Where the heck did it come from?! It was still crawling!!! I called the server over to show it to her and all the staff in the restaurant decided that instead of apologizing, they told us that we brought it in from outside. WTF. No way. They still charged us for the food. At least they didn't charge extra for the bug.
2	How do you mess up bulgogi??  It tasted like they cooked it and then rinsed it in water.  I asked the waitress to taste it and her response - "tastes fine to me, I didn't get any complaints from any other customers".The kalbi tasted pretty good, but the quality of the meat was not good - a bit too fatty.  The pork bulgogi wasn't bad, but didn't care for the charred bits.  The jap chae was a bit over sauced.  Edible, but a bit gummy tasting.The lunch special is a pretty good deal - comes with a few cali rolls that are decent, a dumpling and a little bit of salad.  If I'm in the area and I really need some korean food I would consider it but otherwise I'll plan to trek it to Mesa.  :\
4	Very good and attentive service here. The dolsot bibimbap and chapchae are tasty, authentic and worth a return visit. Nice complimentary miso soup as well. All in all, as good as it gets.
3	I was here tonight with a whole group of my family!  The japche here is good, but everything else was super spicy.  We had to ask for the side dishes before they brought them out.  Not the best Korean food, OK Korean food.
4	Hands down my favorite Korean restaurant in the valley.  From a Koreans perspective, who grew up with my Mom's cooking, this place has served as a good replacement for when I need a fix.I think the most surprising aspect of the restaurant is the service.  I ve been to Korean restaurants in nearly every state I ve visited and service generally sucks.  Takamatsu is a rare exception with the servers being attentive and getting things taken care of quickly.The food is great and prices are reasonable.  Well worth the drive to get here from the East Valley.
4	One of the usual place I go to when am in a mood for some korean food. This is a good place where you can order the meats you want and do your own grilling, which makes dining last longer. Therefore great idea for hanging out with friends. I like the little side dishes that they give as always, especially the fish cakes.
4	We took Korean exchange student here and he loved it. the food was great. the decor so so. All in all, it was a fun night and we will go back.
1	Worst Korean restaurant in AZ.They have Horrible Service and Taste.Are you still wondering? Go and see for yourself.The one in Chandler is AWESOME tho
3	Out of all the Korean restaurants I've tried in town this one has the most flavorful food . Can't honestly give it more stars because the service SUCKS! You might as well be invisible. Had this happen to me every time I went so unless I'm just that unlucky, expect it to happen to you.
3	The worst service ever, EVER! The food is delicious though, service is literally a joke.
4	Takamatsu is probably the best Korean restaurant in Glendale. Still not the greatest, but better than its competition in the city.
4	Friendly service! I always grab a sushi, which is mediocre. They're beef bulgogi is awesome! It doesn't taste like the bulgogi I've had in S. Korea (which I assume is pretty legit) but if it had a different name it still would be awesome!
5	My bimbimbap place to be. Korean food is one on my favorite ethnic foods. It was my pregnancy addiction. Too bad it's too pricey go daily or my dh would have had to take me there every day or move to Korea. The service has always been great. We also tried the barbeque and just the same great experience. I often see Koreans and other Asian people here and my thought is, if the local people get their fix at a restaurant that sweve their home cooking, it must be good and authentic. Yum. Love it.
4	I've been to this location a couple times now and every time a group of gets the Bulgogi chicken, pork and beef. It is so freakin' cool because you grill it yourself at the table while your eating the delicious side dishes (hell yeah I'm talking about kimchi) and sipping on some soju. This place is great. The staff are very friendly and the place is clean. I'm looking forward to my next trip.
5	So far, so GOOD! After I was wronged by Seoul Korean Grill, I tried to find another Korean place, failed! Then I turned around to go to Wendy's and it was like the Gods had shone upon me. A Korean restaurant? Right in front of my face? I took directions to another on yelp and it took me back to Seoul! It must have shut down. The tragedy!So here I am, It looks like a dive bar from the outside and I mosey inside and the waiter is all class! Great sense of humor. Ask for Kyle, he's a swell guy!!!I'm like starving, and the bimibap arrives in no time! It's great, but a fried egg? Not for me! I was brought out a raw one in seconds with no charge. The tender rib meat was amazing. Mmm... I'll be back.
3	I'm always sketchy about places that serves 2 different cuisine.  Korean and Japanese are 2 very different cuisine.  Atmosphere: The place is mostly clean and the big ventilation fans seems to do the job. Service is ok, but the sushi chef totally forgot our roll and it didn't even come out until we are half way through our meal.  NOT OK!Food-wise: I ordered the Spicy Tofu Soup and my friend had the Bi Bim Pop.  They are both pretty much standard.  Both good.  I was very disappointed by their side dishes though.  It lacked selection and it didn't taste that fresh.  Bottom line: Coming from the Bay, we have a lot of great selection, especially authentic cuisines...so I guess I'm pretty spoiled here.  So for AZ standards, this place is not bad.  I would come back, but not sure about the sushi though.
4	Yes very good and lots of great little side dishes to mix in with your entree.  Kim Chee tofu stands out. for me.  Might be a little pricy her but don't come here to save your money. Im new to Korean food but this place seems to make people happy, sorry for all those hater reviews when you this famous that seems to attract bad attitudes.Hmm, well i don't think its a sushi house but people keep on rating this place like that is their specialty.  I would focus the attention to the home cooked Korean food it has to offer.  And when I ask my Korean Friends they seem to prefer Takamatsu.  I liked Scotts W's  review, unbiased and funny
2	I had a lunch box special "Kalbi" $9.95. I guess you can't expect a lot for $10 lunch nowadays. Miso soup was too thin, I can make better miso soup. Salad was too plain, California roll had a very little rice, a pot sticker was......Trader Joe's pot stickers are better. Kalbi was good, very tender and tasteful. Probably I won't eat here again.
4	Korean BBQ is hard to beat. This place was always great when I lived closer, the service was lacking but who cares once the kim chee and beef came.
5	After moving to Phoenix from Honolulu, my wife and I thought we would never find a good Korean place like they have "back home." Luckily, we found this Takamatsu and have been back dozens of times over the years. The portions are reasonably large and the side items are plentiful and delicious.  We always opt to cook table side at dinner time - it's a fun experience, which our kids also look forward to. At lunch, I usually order the regular Bibim Bap or the seafood Bibim Bap which is served in a hot stone bowl - where else are you going to get something like that? As far as "atmosphere" is concerned - well, there really is none. But, there is definitely no better Korean food in Phoenix.
5	Best Korean place in town. Not as good as k town but still yummy!
3	After having walked into a nearby Korean place (and walked right out after seeing no  grills) we found Takamatsu right nearby. Grills: Check. Koreans running the place (even though it has a Japanese name): check! Lots of non-Koreans eating there: hmmmmm...well, ok. The food was good, but definitely overpriced compared to LA or DC area Korean. The ban chan was great, as was the kimchi chigae. The real problem was the service. They were friendly, but waaaay understaffed. As a result, we ended up having to cook our own meat, which is atypical. Also everything came out slowly. The price and slow service were downers, but the food still earned it a solid 3 stars.
4	No frills Korean food, great bul-gogi, great service, pleasant staff, always have a wonderful meal here! My goth place for down to earth Korean food!
4	I came here in the summer and I tried it. They start you off with Miso soup. There's a lot of different sushis there to try. :)
1	Takamatsu in Chandler is overall way better than this phoenix location. This location charges $1.25 for extra rice & a $1.00 per extra side dish. I came in with a party of 6 and of course we ran out of several side dishes since the serving size was equivalent to what they serve a party of 2.  The service was also incredibly sloooow. I will not be returning to this location.
4	Love the pork belly wrapped in lettuce with the sesame oil accompaniment. Can't go wrong with most of the Korean BBQ here. Sushi is average.
1	This place is awful. Food tool 55 min to come out. Service was horrible. The sushi was mediocre.
4	My Korean friends recommended this restaurant to me, saying it's the best in the Tempe/Phoenix area they've had, and I agree. There are lots of Japanese and Korean dish choices on the menu besides the BBQ. This restaurant DOES HAVE the grills at the tables. The BBQ does come with the many side dishes are expected, cucumber salad, kimchi etc. The food also came in a good amount of time. We ordered bulgogi (thinly sliced beef), pork belly, chicken, and a few other beef dishes to cook on the grill. We also ordered a spicy soup and the seafood pancake. I definitely recommend the seafood pancake--it's a huge potato and seafood hash brown sort of dish, very delicious. The portions for the BBQ are huge, so don't worry about under-ordering. They also offer sushi here. While I have never had their sushi, if it's anything like their Korean BBQ than it must be great.The environment is a bit more than casual, but not the fanciest place you will ever go. It is kind of loud because the food is cooking right in front of you. I am not sure I would recommend taking your young children here, as mentioned before, the grills ARE at the table and they are open faced. As for price, this was a bit more expensive than what I was hoping to pay. In my party of six people, we ended up each paying $25, but that's considering we ordered at least five or six dishes. Still, individually I believe the dish was on average about $10.The service is pretty ok. Most of the waiters and waitresses seem to speak English as a second language, but they do know what they're doing. Just make sure you're clear.Overall, this is a good place to go, as the food is very delicious and satisfying. For a smaller budget, this is a bit of a splurge, but one that's not a bad investment.
4	Dear reviewers reading,I love this place. Very nice and although small I always go in groups of 4 or less and always get amazing food and service. The people here and really nice and try there hardest to bring happy service, I like how the waitresses act like aunties and are always glad to help with food advice or bringing something to us. When I go I always use the stove top booths cause its more fun to cook and chat with friends plus this is the only best stove top Korean BBQ I been to. The price on some stuff is a little more pricey but it comes with a lot, such as side dishes and the main is a ton. So you defiantly get your monies worth.Down sides would be the parking lot very small and private lot so it's like first come first serve. And if there is a full house you might have to wait a little longer to be served but they do good at making sure everything is taken care of.This place is amazing.
2	I am only reviewing the sushi. We waited more than thirty minutes for food. They were somewhat busy however we were hardly acknowledged. The rice on the sushi was too sticky and the rolls were warm. It was a bit humid from the Korean BBQ grills. I won't be back.
4	A friend took me there once and we go back when we can! The food is usually prompt and The employees are always nice!
5	This sushi is the best in town!! My whole family loves to go here. They have the best rolls in town. I highly recommend the Lisa Lisa, the spicy tuna, and the Screaming Orgasm. The Korean barbecue is amazing!!
5	I've gone here probably about 10 times or so over the past few years and have ordered the veggie yakisoba, (dolsot) bibimbap, bulgogi, seafood pancake, teriyaki salmon, japchae, and most recently the Kalbi and the ribeye that you cook yourself. The flavors of all the above are fantastic. The do-it-yourself BBQ was reminiscent of my experiences in S. Korea, which was awesome. It comes with the lettuce for you to wrap the meat in. The side dishes are also very good and refillable! The staff is usually good. We got this less attentive lady last time that didn't fill our waters... but previously they've been good.
5	An initial disclosure - I am half-Korean and have grown up eating rice, kimchi, etc. That being said, Takamatsu is our go to place for Korean food. I've been going to Takamatsu for over 20 years (when it was still called Kimchi House). It is arguably the best Korean restaurant on the Phoenix area.  The food is consistently good. The service is generally average, but I have long come to accept that.If you know Korean food, you will not be disappointed. My mom no longer lives in the area, but when she visits, Takamatsu is one of the first places we go to.
4	I'll start off by saying we haven't been here for the korean bbq, only the sushi.  Which is amazing!  We've tried almost all their rolls, and the yakisoba.  The sushi chef on Sundays and Mondays knows what he's doing.  Happy hour Sunday thru Thursday from 5-7 is awesome too!  The waitresses are always friendly and on top of refills.  I am going to ask one of the waitresses that we've gotten to know if she'll show us the ropes on the bbq tables.
1	I'm from NY, where there's a ton of good Korean BBQ restaurants.  Travelling to Phoenix on vacation, I decided to check this place out.  I've been here 2x.  The first time, had the kalbi which was pretty good - good flavor.  The second time, I had the rib eye was overcooked (even though I asked specifically for medium rare), flavorless, and completely bland.  I barely finished half the plate.  Also, there was no sear on the meat.  It was completely soggy becasue I only ordered one serving and they did not BBQ it on the table.   It looked like they threw it in a pan.   It was $17 and I was so disappointed.  I could barely eat it without the bean paste.
4	Awesome sushi and great experience. Came here for my birthday with friends. We sat at the sushi bar and Kasper was the best. He was very friendly and explained anything I asked. My food was amazing. Service from Kasper was great. Took a while to get drinks, but overall awesome. We will return for sure!!!
4	Consistently good Korean food.One of the few places that does Stone Bowl Kalbi Dolsot Bibim Bap well..the stone bowl is hot enough when the dish is made that it fries the rice along the bowl.the result is crunchy rice that you can scrape off of the hot bowl after eating the vegetables, and sweet rib meat. I'm sure it makes doing the dishes no fun. But, for the customer it's totally worth it.
5	Beef bulgoki tasted good with the veggie side dishes and rice.  Everything went especially well with the soju.  My friends, who are regulars, and I did some shots with one of the guys who owns the place.  The staff's great.  It was my first time here and it was definitely a great experience.
3	Happy hour from 5-7 was great. We tried a couple rolls and some nigiries, all good. Large hot saki is only $3.50. We only had sushi there so this review is not about the whole deal. I love korean food and have to go back. But can someone tell me why bulgogi is so expensive? $17-something... really? Why? Just bumms me out because its one of my favorite dishes. Anyway, two different ladies were serving at our table. One of them was super nice and helpful, but the other one was kind of grumpy, to say the least. There are some other sushi places in the area with great happy hours they are competing against and this experience was only worth 3 stars to me in comparison. Maybe the expensive bulgogi will blow my mind. I guess I have to go and find out.
5	We spent $260 bucks Herr. Korean BBQ like a bause...
5	My girlfriend and I came here for Korean BBQ with her sister and her boyfriend. They're regulars here I guess but my girlfriend and I generally don't eat around this area. However, I had passed by here a few times and heard it was very good. We came inside during the game and it was playing on one of their many TVs. The place had an alright amount of people inside. It wasn't loud inside. We ordered a bunch of items and beer. The pricing was decent but we eat a lot even though we're average-skinny. The bulgoki was delicious, kalbi was delicious, and sul long tang was very good. We fried  up the meat ourselves on the built-in grill in the table. They also offer some Japanese cuisine as well. Their selection of Asian beer is decent I guess. I wanted some Tsingtao but they have some regular Kirin beer. The interior looks like they could fit quite a lot of people. Ambience was casual and well kept. The customer service was pretty decent. The parking lot was plenty of space though it was shared with nearby shops.I didn't use their restroom but I'm sure it's clean. There's no smokers patio but you can just walk outside and smoke. Overall, I would recommend this place. It's a good date night place and the food is good. Pricing is decent. Like I said, we ordered a lot because we eat like fat asses, heh.
3	I come here for lunch fairly often.  The service is quick and the food is good so it's perfect for your lunch break. I typically get the L5. It includes teriyaki chicken, rice, sush, and a few other items as well. Its your typical bento box with a variety of options. If you're in the area and hungry stop by.
1	A friend of ours wanted to go to this restaurant for her birthday dinner.  We went in and requested one of the tables so we could do the tabletop cooking.  They took one look at my wheelchair and had a very, very, very long and loud discussion that ended in them announcing that all those tables were reserved for five o'clock.  And they didn't know this earlier?  When we left at 7:30, the tabletop cook tables were, and had been, unoccupied, but for one.  When the waitress brought our drinks, she put mine in a kiddie cup with a lid.  She just assumed I couldn't lift a glass?  If a disabled person needs something special, they ask.  Assuming is condescending.  I made her take it back.  When it came time to order, the waitress asked me several times if I was sure I wanted the short rib soup, illustrating on herself the part of the cow this was from.  She told me repeatedly that it was hot. Was I sure I wanted that?  She asked no one else any questions about their order, even though 2 ordered dishes in blinding hot stone bowls.  When the food came, neither the bowl nor the food were hot in temperature or seasoning.  It was noodles, beef and onions in water.  I added my son's pickled ginger and wasabi to make it palatable.  We ordered both tempura shrimp and vegetables as an appetizer.  We only got 2 of the 4 shrimp.  They brought out two more, but only after arguing with us. She offered to refill everyone's drink but mine.  While everyone else's food was okay and the sides were also, my experience at Takamatsu was far too personal.
5	Ok i have been holding off on reviewing Takamatsu because how do you really write up your favorite restaurant? Obviously i love the place! The food is out of this world and my sushi chef is like extended family. My favorite food is sushi. I love to try new and fun places but it all always comes back to Takamatsu. Ok so first : they have everything from sushi to Korean BBQ- to noodle bowls. If you love sushi and Korean - and a great noodle bowl - this is the golden goose of spots to eat. Yes they have cooking @the table or you can order it to taste. Yes they have ALL traditional Korean plates and yummy sides. I suggest the pork belly! Second: i go there to eat SUSHI - this is my sushi spot. My safe place with amazing food. Its a perfect date spot! I sit @the sushi bar with Jon and i know im about to love everything that touches my lips. This is my happy place. First fav: Tuna mango Nigiri and Spicy Tuna Mango Nigiri - this was created by head sushi chef Jon :) it is an amazing pairing of flavor and a not miss!!!!Second fav: Sashimi Salad - this is a mix of tunas,salmon and smelt! With a spicy twist! The thought makes me salivate! Third fav: Screaming Orgasm - a take on tuna tataki that is mouth watering and makes me literally moan how good it is. Its amazing! And the last thing i love about takamatsu is that Jon shops for his Customers. He cares about quality in the fish and veggies and is always keeping the menu fresh. Now reading the yelp reviews i see the number 1 complaint is service time  - no Takamatsu is not a Fast Food Spot- the food here is made fresh and with love and that takes time- this is a Meal place - you come and have a Food Experience. If you are looking for a quick meal - i suggest you slow down and start appreciating what you let touch your lips.
1	I am third generation Korean born in Hawaii and miss real good Korean food.  I was used to Cho Dang in Chandler where my favorite was the Bhi Pam Pap (Korean Fried Rice) in the hot stone bowl and the little dishes of kim chee but was severely disappointed with Takamatsu on Dunlap in PHX when I order the same thing.  Hardly any meat, chopped lettuce filler was used and the stone bowl was not HOT enough to scorch the rice on the bottom.  I didn't know of any other Korean restaurant to go to near me in PHX so went again when I was hungry for kal bi ribs, I paid unknowingly $26.95 for the dinner portion so I could get the little dishes of kim chee and I got around 5-6 little band aid size pieces of meat over onions with 2 very large bones that had little or no meat to pick off, and the stone platter WAS NOT sizzling.  They don't take the extra measure of getting it right, will not go there again, googled PHX Korean restaurants and found another on on West Olive Avenue Cafe Ga Hyang near Takamatsu, just returned, food great but service was so SLOOOOWWWWW!  When I asked for a refill on the kim chee dishes she said they don't refill and reluctantly did so for just 2 kim chee's. But the stone bowl was SIZZLING HOT and the rice scorched and lots of BBQ meat, the best yet is Kim Chee Time in Tucson, they have a killer Bhi Pam Pab with a special mixture of rices that is to die for which gets so crispy it's insane and no problem refilling kim chee pun cheon little dishes.  If anyone knows of anywhere else to try for good Korean food in PHX pleas let me know.
1	First of all I want to say that we are never eating here again. My friends and I just finished eating at this restaurant and I am so PISSED OFF right now. Before you consider eating at this restaurant, read this post first.The service is absolutely horrible. At first I thought it was OK but then when we needed to go because we were in a hurry but then our waitress just did not want to assist us at all. OK I get it, more customers have arrive but she was obviously avoiding us, even after making eye contact, not once but twice! I get that you are busy but at least have the courtesy to say you're sorry and will help us in a moment. But no! You tell us to fuck off by walking away! By the time we got our check about 15 minutes have passed already. And we even had to request several times for a to-go box and still forgot it when we got our check. Because of the unsatisfactory service I decide to give a low tip to let them know that we were unhappy.But even after all of that has happened...and the soggy sushi...we would have still been willing to give them a second chance because we love Japanese and Korean food. But then as I was backing up in my car the same waitress decides to bang on my window then demand that I erase the tip I gave her and said she "does not accept low tips." Talk about UNPROFESSIONAL! A tip is still a tip. And is based on the quality of your service.All I can is we will never again eat here and I will be making sure my friends and family stay away from this place so that they will be saved from the bad experience that we had.The owner needs to seriously start thinking about changing or fixing his/her staff, or this business is definitely going down.
5	The sushi was awesome! Very different than I ever tasted. I ordered kimchee chigae and it absolutely nice. Lunch portion it's look like a small bowl but actually it quite filling with all the side dish. I would love to go back!
5	Great tasting Korean food.  My craving was fixed when I found out they had spicy crab...yummy.   My dolsot bibimbap with Kalbi was so good, lots of vegetables with flavorful Kalbi.   I also liked that the egg was not runny.  My husband loved his mul nangmun.Great service.   Unlike many other Korean restaurants the server came over a few times to ask how the food was and if we needed anything.   Can't wait to go back and try different dishes.
3	Was a fan, portions are a bit small but the kimchi soup was outstanding and filling.I lived in Korea for a year so a bit biased but I would visit again.
1	Very bad customer service!  I wasn't greeted upon entering; had to wave down a waitress for me to sit down and once I got seated...I sat there for about 10mins b4 anyone asked if I was ready to order.Once they took my order, 20 mins passed and no Bon Chan nothing. I had to ask for water and that was it. Another 10 mins passed and the waitresses just pass me and say nothing. People who came in after me already had their drinks and Bon Chan and there I am...still waiting and nothing on my table.From there, I said screw it and walked out. They lost my business and will never get it!Never going here again!
5	We found this gem and my boyfriend who grew up on Bul go ki beef from his Tae Kwon do instructor loved this place! The sushi is also fantastic.
1	Absolutely will not come back here.. The service was HORRIBLE... They never came and checked up on us.. We had to be the one who demanded the waitress to come to our table... When we ask them to refill our drink, she came back with soda with no ice and she had the nerves to tell us to pour it in our own cup.. Also when the waitress brought my hot and sour soup I told the waitress to hold on I wanted to scoot my 15 month away from the hot pot and she gave me attitude.. When I confronted the manager all he can do is apologize.. But as u can see he hasn't done anything about it because everyone on here has complain about the service. I will not come back here.. SERVICE IS THE REASON I WILL NOT COME BACK!!!
5	I love Korean food and this one is the best all around. Its very traditional. Lots of sides, sides come out first, go with friends and be ready to share, great sushi, great Korean BBQ, soju quality is great and service is good.
1	Overall, I had a very unpleasant experience. I decided to check this place out because "Cafe Ga Hyang", which I was planning to go to, is now closed on Mondays.When I walked in the restaurant, I was greeted by the sushi bar chef, but had no idea if I should seat myself or wait for someone. The restaurant was almost completely empty...there was only one other person dining in. Eventually a lady walked over and sat me down at a table with a menu. Then, the waiting begins...Within a minute, I already knew what I was going to order, but unfortunately for me, the waitress had her back completely against me and was socializing with another waitress. They were chatting it up, laughing, and having a great time, while I was sitting there trying to get the other waitress' attention. At some point, the phone rang, and she walked over to the sushi bar area to pick up. I somehow thought that she would finally come over after the phone call, but instead she walked back to the other waitress to continue her exciting conversation. I couldn't take it anymore and walked up to both of them and gave her my order. She did say "sorry", but I was still appalled at how unprofessional they were.I ordered kalbi tang, which is something I usually get when I go to korean restaurants. It was overly salty and peppery and tasted like they added fish-flavoring to the broth. The beef was also tough. The banchan (side dishes) tasted very old; the kimchi was really weird. At korean restaurants, I usually ask for more side dishes, but in this case, I couldn't finish any of it. The best thing on the table was the white rice that came with the kalbi tang. I will not be back!
4	Takamatsu has never done me wrong. I get a craving for the Duk Mandu Guk and won't stop until I finally have it. And those little dishes of treats they bring you before your meal starts? Delicious! It don't know what it is, but I'll eat it.The only negative thing I can say is that if I go with an Asian friend, I always get better service. It's kind of crappy but so worth it.
1	So, I'm pretty sure I got ripped off here. From the prices listed on the website, kalbi tang ranges from 9-11 dollars. With tax, it shouldn't be anymore than 13 dollars. Having just moved to the PHX area from SoCal, I was hardcore craving some Korean food. A few weeks back, I scoured yelp to find this place. I ordered the Kalbi tang to-go and was charged 15 dollars. I was a bit surprised at the price seeing as cost of living was so low here but happily paid while giving a tip to the lady working the front because I didn't know any better. I went home, opened up my mediocre soup and continued to stew. 15 dollars was a lot for the soup I got. Something didn't seem right. I went online and low and behold, the price wasn't right. I think the lady charged me extra because she thought she could and pocketed the difference. Horrible!!! So not a fan of shady practices and this place seems to take the cake. I really wish she hadn't done that though. I would have been an excellent customer seeing as choices for Korean food are limited in this area.
5	We saw this style of restaurant in the Naruto Show - we just had to try it. Anyone who has ever grilled outside knows the joy of eating right off the grill. I asked if there were any BBQ sauces but they said no, it was already flavorful, and wow yes it was. We got shrimp and steak with veggies - oh man, mouth watering. Grilling veggies that were marinating with the meats. We also order a spicy soup, we asked them to make it "medium" - glad we did, it was just right - I've had my run in with Asian spicy soups in the past, and didn't feel like choking on my own tears that night. We visited the Dairy Queen across the street  for desert, was cheaper -but don't worry we tipped very well, our waitress was incredibly kind, big smiles - offered recommendations and even made our soup "medium" despite not being traditional.Our bill was $58.30 for 2, but had enough leftover for a small 1 person lunch the next day
4	This place is pretty awesome! the lunch boxesare only like 5.50 and get a big meal you can bring home for later. the barbecue spare ribs came with a lot of rice and kimchee. The staff is also very friendly
1	I'm sorry but the sushi chef that was here today when I was in was HORRIBLE he put a pickled radish in our tuna mango possion roll because he didnt have mango, didnt tell us and still served that crap to my family. THEN he put the kimchi sauce on our mexican roll and didnt even put the right ingredients in it. The service was awful all the woman waitresses were at a table eating while we ate and we would have to call across to them to get service. I use to love this place, I will NEVER come back....TRASH!
5	Absolutely amazing food, and you get more than what you think you're paying for. Definitely recommend it and will be returning multiple times in the future.
5	Can't brag enough about this place! Just found it on my way to another place.. decided to take a chance and man was I happy! Had the chicken Korean BBQ and was blown away by the flavor and amount I got. I will definitely be back! Food was beyond delicious! Service was too notch too and atmosphere was very nice and cozy.
4	I went with a large Group.  My Order of  Shrimp Tempura was very delicious .  The portion was large as I was able to take 1/2 Home which reheated perfect.   In the future I will try BBQ.
4	Bonsai!That's what Jason shouts out when dropping sake into his beer. And he was calling it out often when we celebrated his 40th birthday here last week. A group of us met here for their happy hour pricing, which allowed us to order mountains of sushi for an amazingly low cost. Considering the quality of the fish, we were all very happy. Especially the birthday boy, whose favorite roll is also mine: Spicy Scallop. O. M. G. So good!
4	I have to admit, I had gone to this location a few years ago and felt the service was lacking as well as quality and quantity of the food.  Of course, I was also comparing it to it's sister location in the East valley which no Korean bbq location in the valley compares to.  Since I am stuck in the west valley I was limited to my korean bbq choices.  I have gone to locations where im ignored to areas where you are given rice by the grain count.  stingy.I felt it fair to come back to this particular location despite reading the other warnings....still....I kept it in the back of my head.I made sure my 5 and 3 year old daughters were as polite as possible and they were acting extra respectful and cute.  That got more attention that probably stole from other yelpers dining on this particular evening and hence see their review score drop.  I dont care...survival of the fittest you mongoloids....I was not to be devoid and robbed of good service and constant need of replenished side dishes and attention.  I came here to seek that for my only mission was to stuff my face with no letting up. It worked.  The family was full, food was fantastic and service was great.  Reason for 4 and not 5*s? They charge a dollar for every side past the ones you've devoured already.  Since my girls were cuter than your kids and I was extra polite.....They didnt charge me for the extra sides.  sushi was also great.  I tipped good and thus did not encounter a crazy Korean waitress chase our minivan down for the gratuity.  Life is good.  Korean bbq makes it sooo much better.
3	Service could be better by the server. And I hoped that they would take the happy hour prices into consideration without me telling them about it when the check comes with the regular prices on it.Korean BBQ is alright, the Kalbi was stiff but the beef tongue was great. The onion salad is also tasty.
5	Amazing place!  I'm new to the world of Korean food and sought this place out due to YELP reviewers.I've had the Seafood bibimap that comes served in a heavy, stone bowl. i had read online what to order and it didn't disappoint. A word of caution - don't dig in right away. Wait a few minutes to allow the rice that's at the bottom of the bowl to continue cooking and become crispy. Yum! Also, the bowl keeps a high temperature so be careful you don't burn your fingers or arms when reaching to try the tasty side dishes.My companions ordered kimchi soup (spicy is too mild a word) that was pretty flavorful but it's hard to taste food when you're tearing up and your nose is running, right? Note to self: don't ever do that again!We've tried the barbecue where it's cooked directly at our table and the waitress demonstrated how to assemble everything. Try the sirloin and the shrimp BBQ, both are fantastic!I mentioned earlier the side dishes which change each time, but still delicious. I had never tried kimchee before this place and I'm glad I tried it because I love it!Each time we've returned the service has been great. We weren't in a rush to eat so didn't mind the wait time for the food.
3	I eat at this restaurant at least 2 times per month because I live in the West and consider  this is the best Korean Restaurant in this area.  I believe there are 4 Korean restaurants in the west of I17. Yes, I agree their service can be improved.  Often I have to refill  my own water and take a bill to front instead of waiting for a waitress. I do not understand why the owner does not improve the service. Perhaps she does not read Yelp. But food is reasonably good. The other restaurant on west of 43 Ave has tastier and fresher side dishes but has limited  choice of main dishes.
5	How can I describe Takamatsu in as little words as possible? Simply amazing. When you walk in, you have the option of a regular table, or one with a BBQ grill built right in ;) of course I had to go for the grill option.I opted for the beef tongue that I will soon grill myself, and I went for the Pork Tripe and Intestine Stew that I requested extra spicy.Everything was phenomenal. The beef tongue was sliced paper thin and was so tender that it melted in my mouth. The stew was spicy but not too spicy, the tripe was tender and delicious and the intestines were absolutely amazing. The stew had the affirmations as well as pork, rice noodles, veggies and a spicy broth. This all came with a bevy of vegetable sides provided prior to the food arriving, such as kimchi, seaweed salad and many others. I would definitely recommend. I also can and will be back.
4	Was looking for a Korean BBQ to show off to my partner (who hasn't had Korean BBQ before), and found this lovely place on yelp.I've heard that the service is what stinks, really (which is what prevents it from getting solid stars)... but during my time there, it didn't feel like we were served poorly.Obviously we didn't feel as if we were tended to hand and foot with gracious, loving attention - but we were served, in a timely manner, and we didn't feel unwelcome or confused.Perhaps it depends on the waitress? Or perhaps they've improved since then.The food was great, definitely tasty. I'm sure I don't need to get into detail about their foods, as all the others here described them well enough. There's not much I could add to them.The only thing that really prevents this from getting five stars is... Well, frankly, I've had /better/ Korean food elsewhere (outside of AZ). Quality of ingredients and what-not. This is by no means terrible, and it isn't sub-par, and hardly is it average. It's great!But it isn't BESTTHINGINTHEWORLD-status.Added with the okay service, the decent parking, the exceptional cleanliness: the max I can give this is 4-stars.If you're in AZ and want darn good Korean BBQ. Come here.
5	This is my absolute favorite sushi AND Korean food!! Best sushi chefs hands down, BEST MANAGER RICHARD!!!  The so ju is amazing too.
3	I've been here a few times with my friends and I can't said I'd ever go here on my own or suggest it to anyone else either. I don't hate them but there's nothing special about the place. The food is cheap which is great, the restaurant looks a little outdated too. But I've eaten much better for cheaper.My friends seem to be huge fans of this place and love it a lot so is say each person has to make up their mind on their own.
5	The BEST Korean bbq I have ever had, this place is absolutely my favorite. Side dishes are good and so are the meat options. I usually get the bulgogi and the spicy pork.
4	I have been here twice always craving sushi. Each time the staff would ask puzzled if I wanted any bbq. So, finally I went there to sample the Korean bbq. Now I know why they offered the bbq each time, it was just amazingly delicious!! My friend and I shared short ribs and tenderloin with onions. Sides included were kimchi, potatoes,  bean sprouts, spinach, pickled radish, rice and my favorite fish cakes. It was all phenomenal. I had a lot of questions about all the dishes since this was my first time eating Korean. The servers were knowledgeable about each dish, the ingredients and how they were prepared. Being from NY where you could spent four hours at a table, it was refreshing that the servers didn't give in to Arizona's love of rushing through a meal. It was a great experience, I'll be back for more. Oh, side note, I removed a star because they had no desserts.
5	Takamatsu has been my staple for years.  Instead of having to choose between sushi or Korean bbq on nights when I craved both, Takamatsu spoiled me with both. I would always get kalbi and sushi, or yukgaejang, anything.  It's all good, the table is always loaded with banchan and main dishes, the staff has been the same for years and they are awesome, this is the best Korean BBQ in Phoenix.
1	The food is not bad (considering price..),However, The service here is horrible!Seriously. I never suggest it to anyone.
5	Finally found a good ol Yakiniku place in Phoenix!! Service is quick, staff is attentive & friendly, & food is great!!
4	Looking at the reviews I noticed a lot of bad service remarks, I have to say that my husband and I were actually pretty impressed. I'm not sure if this is because we went in relatively late (around 8:30pm-9:00pm) but everyone was really attentive and the owner even stopped by our table to ask how things were and chat a bit.Everyone was really friendly given that in my experience and being half Asian myself, most establishments with an Asian staff tend to take on a better than thou attitude towards non-Asians and that was NOT the case here at all.  The sushi for me was subpar but my husband really enjoyed his BBQ.  We do intend on going back and making this place one of our regular haunts.
1	We found huge bug in our side dish, they didn't say any sorry but gave us an angry face instead!Horrible service and food tasted so salty and unhealthy...will not come here again for sure!PS: Is you insist to eat here please make sure to keep an eye on your food since you might swallow HUGE BUGS!!!
2	The food is great but just give you enough! Ordered ribs and almost laughed,enough to feed a 9 year The lighting is like a surgical operating room, with all that bright lighting you could perform.heart surgery, service is two speeds, no service and extra slow service!
4	We love eating here. The service is great. They pretty much know us by name. It's always fun. They always bring us something new to try on the house.
