1	Ok, how do you review a place, as your daughter is in pain, it's been 2 hours now and you are stuck in the waiting room, yelping the time away just hoping that she will be next ,and you are still yelping hours later.I can't quite bring myself to terms as to why it takes so long in an emergency room......I watch ER it doesn't take this long.  So in my delusional state I am in right now, I just look at all the people around, look at the pace of the staff and there is just no EMERGENCY.  Why can't we just change the name EMERGENCY room to the hey let's get a bunch of people together in pain misery and sickness, and call it a circus.  I mean really, this is ridiculous.I will provide a time frame for this ADVENTURE.Current Time of yelping: 6:20pm. Waiting..........Started yelping.......Current Time of yelping: 8:28pm. Waiting....... Took picture of Levine's Children's Room.Current Time of yelping: 8:35pm. Waiting..........Took picture of the door we are waiting to open to call our name.Current Time of yelping: 8:35pm. Waiting..........Current Time of yelping: 9:03pm. Waiting.......... They just called our name......Woo Hooo.Current Time of yelping: 9:23pm. Waiting.......... Just got word the doctor still has not come into the room yet...........It's just like Disney, you leave one big room, round the corner and then, yes, another room with more waiting.......so I am still waiting.Current Time of yelping: 9 37pm. Waiting.......... Dr came in......still waiting.Still here at 11:36pm.......waiting.....My god the sun will be coming up soon!Please anybody, is there a DOCTOR in the house.....OK now its 12:15AM and we are headed out the door.If you are in need of an emergency room....try Presby in Matthews, wait times were half and the folks we met at the pharmacy had a much better outcome than us.NCFoodGUy
4	I have been to CMC-Pineville twice with my daughter and also a couple of times to accompany others who needed to visit the ER.On my first visit, my daughter had sprained her wrist and we went to the ER for an x-ray to make sure the bone was not actually broken.  We were pretty fortunate because we did not have a long wait and all the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful.Our second visit was for my daughter to have her wisdom teeth removed.  Her oral surgeon arranged everything and gave us all the pre-surgical instructions,  so we just showed up at the appointed time, we filled out the necessary insurance papers and did not have much of a wait before the procedure. Thankfully, the surgery went without a hitch so no overnight visit was necessary. The other times I have visited the ER was with a family member and a neighbor -both of which thought they were having a heart attack.  The ER staff certainly does not mess around when someone presents with cardiac symptoms. They took the patients back right away.  On each of these visits, the staff was very friendly and helpful and let me go back to check on the patients. The hospital has been clean and not too crowded on my visits here. Based on my experiences, this is well-run hospital that offers a good level of care.  I think it is nice to have the option to go to this full service hospital close to home... for me, I see no need to drive all the way down to the center of town for the "main" hospital.
2	I've been going to this hospital long before it became part of the CMC system. The staff is great especially the nurses, but the amount of time that you have to wait to see a doctor in the emergency room is ridiculous. Tonight my wife drove me over because I was in a great deal of pain from a kidney stone. We arrived about 10pm. I was checked in & after waiting about half an hour I had my vitals checked. I was then shown into a smaller waiting room where I sat till 1am when I told the nurse I was leaving. I was told that I was third in line for a room. I replied that equated to showing up at Firebird's at 7pm on a Saturday night and waiting for a table. The nurse agreed that I would probably be waiting another couple hours. That was unacceptable. They told me that they would give me a note for my boss if I would stay for however long it took. Seeing as I'm self employed that was no incentive and I told them so. They then wanted to pump a bag of saline into me and make me talk to a doctor. Fortunately I had the CT scan in the first hour of waiting. It was definitely the fastest way to have a CT scan without waiting. That was the only positive to the evening's misadventure. Well to be fair the nurse that started my IV line, Cynthia did an excellent job as well. The rest of the time that I spent there showed me that the ER needs a serious refresher course in triage.
4	It seems like every time we come to this hospital recently our satisfaction drops. This time my wife had a gall bladder attack. We waited for approximately 15 minutes in the waiting room before my wife was taken back into the main ER waiting room. Apparently they need more beds and have split a conventional room into a double. They have a satisfaction index on one of the walls before the main nurses station in the ER where a thermometer indicates that patient satisfaction is approximately 50%. Pretty sad. Well my wife had an ultrasound and they determined that her gall bladder needed to be removed. She was admitted and the organ will be removed tomorrow.Everyone has been great so far. We've always been impressed by the quality of the nursing staff. Today there was a very short wait in the ER. We spent about three hours in the ER itself waiting for a bed to open up in the tower. I had to run some errands but when I came back my wife was surrounded by her nurse Rebekah & a parade of folks came by to run various tests on her.Well the rest of the CMC Pineville experience mimiced the ER experience. The ER doctor wanted to remove her gall bladder so she was given a private room on the 5th floor of the new medical tower. There are plenty of windows that let you see over to Carrowinds & the skyscrapers downtown.My wife's surgery took about 2 hours & she had 2 days of recovery in her room before I picked her up late Saturday morning. I can't say that the hospital's food is really any good. I definitely know that what the patients are given is marginal at best. However the cafeteria & the little Caribou Coffee Shop really aren't any better. I had a chance to eat at both & wasn't impressed.I did think it was odd that her surgeon never came out to talk to me after the procedure.
5	i've used only the LAB here and its always quick and polite. My son i disabled and is a extremely hard stick. once she found a usuable vein he hardly even flinched when she stuck him.since i live 20 miles south of Charlotte this is more convenient than driving all the way into Charlotte.
3	So here we are once again CMC, Pineville. (3/8/13) I got home and my wife was doubled over on the living room floor. Our dogs were bouncing around her barking. She said that she thought she had a kidney stone so we drove over to CMC.The wait wasn't that long at least compared to other waits there in the past. She'd already had her ct scan by the time I'd returned from Caribou Coffee downstairs.  Apparently the cafeteria closes at 7pm. She is now in a room freezing although its at least 75*. We saw the usual parade of people & she was released at 10pm. When we left they had about 75 people in the waiting area.
4	Never thought I'd be writing about a hospital.  My experience started at the ER. Every staff member was friendly and made it a point to ask about me.  I actually moved through this portion of my stay smoothly, except, and I get this, waiting for 3 hours for those who are brought in by ambulance taking precedence, to see a physician.I had a smooth transition for admittance and was treated very nicely by the observation room staffing.  Ordered tests were administered in a timely fashion.  As always, food quality is a point overlooked by institutions, but my meals were adequate. The restaurant has a pretty good offering and there is a Caribou Coffee for your fix!This facility is newer than Uptown offerings and since we live close it has become our hospital of choice but hopefully not any time soon again!
4	I went to the Vein Center for a hair removal treatment. I was greeted on time. The procedure took 10 mins - in and out. Clean, nice staff. Beware though if you are more than 5 minutes late, they will turn you away.
2	(6/24/2013) Well its time for my 3 year check up to see what the state of my pituitary tumor is. For some unfathomable reason CMC-Pineville wanted me to show up an hour early at the main entrance. There is actually plenty of surface parking this early in the morning so that's a plus. The main waiting area is also empty.The MRI waiting room features the wide chairs. Some of the chairs have circular tables offset on their left arms.  The room is painted in muted blue and olive green. There is a 47" LG tv hung in the middle of the wall containing the check in window. There is also an alcove with a coffee maker & bottled water.I had been sitting behind a column & for some odd reason the tech didn't look into the entire room. I had to move nearer to the door and wait for her to come out again. The MRI is a GE model installed in 2006. Most MRI machines have their own noises that can actually be melodic. This machine actually made my body vibrate. It was strange.So far it was a five star experience but it was soon time to inject me with the radioactive contrast material. Things started going downhill after the MRI tech & another tech attempted to inject me with the material & instead collapsed my veins in both my arms. They next wanted to try my hands and I refused. I told them to butterfly it into a vein on a forearm. Their response was to stick the needle into my left wrist. The contrast was then pushed into the vein burning its way along. I will never have another MRI done there. Perhaps they knew that they wouldn't be getting excellent reviews of their service as I have not received any surveys to complete.
5	(8/12/13) It is amazingly difficult to get this hospital to arrange a payment plan to pay a bill. After going nowhere with an automated phone menu and then when reaching a live person, I was told that they do not handle Pineville at that location. So here I am at CMC Pineville waiting for a patient registration representative. I'm pretty sure that it won't be a pleasant experience.And... drum roll please... I was wrong. I met with a very nice representative named Gladys. She was able to get me enrolled in a program called Access One that lets me pay my bill over a year interest free. We spent about an hour together talking but if you are in a hurry it would probably have taken less time. It was very refreshing to be able to experience great customer service.
4	I went to the ER at CMC Pineville in early January due to intense abdominal and back pain, for which I was diagnosed as having shingles. Although the waiting time in the room was over two hours, the PA assisting me was very courteous and thorough, and I was discharged after four hours (early morning hours). The admitting process was very easy and the instructions they gave to me (as well as a referral to an excellent physician) were easy to understand and very comprehensive, explaining exactly what it was that I had and how to care for it. A week later, they called me to check on my progress and to make sure that I was all right. I've been to several medical centers and ER's in my life but this was the first time one had ever bothered to do a follow-up call. I would definitely go back to CMC Pineville for any emergency medical issue.
1	My daughter was 7 months old and she has severe eczema she's been screaming and crying for hours and scratching her herself nonstop it's a bloody mess. One of the nurse was being kinda rude because I overheard the word morphine I called my husband to make sure that they are not giving my baby morphine. He asked to speak to the doctor I asked the nurse if she could speak to him she basically just brush me off saying "I don't have time to talk to him " they got an IV on her and were about to give her doses of Benadryl,Antibiotic and Morphine !!! Both me and my husband strongly disagree because she's a little baby and just because she is screaming her lungs out and has severe skin flares ups does not mean she needs morphine!!!! We were transfer to Levine and the doctor there was also shocked when we told him they were gonna give her morphine.
1	Terrible treatment.  If you have an emergency do NOT come here.  They have the worst unprofessional staff that is completely unorganized, no sense of urgency, and spend most of their time eating and chatting in the hall.  You will waste 3 hours in the ER bleeding from a head injury and concussion as others keep gerring treatment.  One nurse said "oh we keep forgetting about you"  WTF!   Go here to die!
