5	Love this place & the atmosphere! Great selection of mods & rbas! Will deff be back for future needs.
5	David has a very nice shop that can accommodate all your needs.  He carries a nice line of AUTHENTIC mods which is a nice change.  He also has a great selection of quality clones.  After buying a couple of rba's, he took the time to build the coil for us along with great instruction on care and how to build ourselves.  Also has an awesome juice selection!  He never made my wife and I feel rushed and answered all of our questions.  There are a lot of options in Vegas, but we will be loyal customers to this shop now.
5	I have to say this place is the best vape shop I've ever seen or visited. Dave and his staff have the upmost knowledge and respect for their customers as well as my wife and I. They have the best flavor as well as their custom made e juice. Dave I gotta tell you my wife and I love our new mods. I got the V3 Flip mod and the new Mustank GT tank, my wife got the HCigar Stingray mod with the NAUTILUS ASPIRE MINI tank. And a huge thanks to Dave and his staff for custom building my drippers. Dave your make is awesome. I would like to add this is a full service vape shop doing custom builds as well as selling top notch authentic and clone mods, drippers, and the best e juice I've ever tested.
5	I've visited numerous Vape shops around town, and this shop is my #1 go to spot for all my Vape needs. There customer service  is outstanding, they make sure you leave with 100% customer satisfaction and all your   questions are answered. Pick N Puff is a distinguished shop from the rest from the second you walk in the ambience alone is good enough to just Vape and meet new people or just relax and lounge. They have a variety of juices including their own called " Daval" I definitely recommend their DTG Vanilla Custard or you can try all their different flavors on their samples bar. This shop has it all their shop is immaculate, sure does make you feel like your walking into a high end Vape shop! Overall this shop easily became my one stop shop for all my vaping needs.
5	These mods and rda's are just some of the stuff we bought.  The V3 Flip,  Stingray mod, Itaste svd vv/vw as well as the asModUs competition style rda, puma Vail quad coil rda,  the magma rda, and the UD ego W. I will continue to visit and buy from Dave and eventually get an authentic mod as they spoiled me by letting me hit their personal authentics. Dave is a good friend. Everyone needs to come visit.
5	This was my first time ever in a vape shop. So I didn't really know anything about vapping or the like. Manny (the gentleman working) explained everything to me and answered all my questions. He explained the difference between a start up set and the modded sets. He was a huge help and I will be stopping back by whenever I need questions answered. On top of all that they seem to make their own liquids at the shop which is awesome. It's unique and helps set this shop apart from basic shops. I highly recommend coming by this shop and I will definitely be stopping by here more often!
