5	Handy.  Close-by.  If it's an emergency, they will generally see you asap.  There has been a couple times, over the course of 6 years,  when they have been booked when I needed a vet immediately, and I think twice I went to the desert ridge location.  (With 3 dogs and 3 cats, the need has arisen a few times that we needed a vet NOW).  Generally they see you pretty efficiently, but of course they will suggest things that I feel are not merited to add onto a bill, but it's your right to question their additions and refuse, should you wish.  I've never found them to be arrogant or pushy, they will easily offer other options, or be ok with your decision.During 1 extremely difficult period with our beloved Rottie, we had her going between the outrageously expensive Sonora Vet and here, they were very understanding to the emotional distress we were experiencing with regards to her cancer and a broken front leg.  They were happy to provide us with care on the side, and in between vists @ Sonora, for a fraction of what was quoted at Sonoran.  Sadly, it came to a point that her quality of life was no longer conducive to allowing her to continue in the state she was, and it when it came to making the horrible and very sad decision to allow them to put her down, the entire staff were so understanding, caring, and totally sympathetic to our demise.  They allowed us to hold her, cradle her and pet her the whole time.  We were allowed as much time as we wanted before, during and after the whole life-altering circumstance.  They even sent us a sympathy card, signed by all the staff, after the terrible ordeal we went through.We'll keep going back.  Which reminds me, our 2 other dogs are both due for their rabies and annual visits.  They hold weekly clinics where they waive the exam fee (around $25 per animal - it adds up!), so I need to inquire when their next clinic is.
1	They only care about making money and not the well being of the pets. They always try to up sell extra services that are unnecessary. Recently, I took my dog for a rabies vaccination because they sent me a reminder in the mail that he was due for his shot. After the shot, we received a receipt and no further information. The vet never asked me about my dogs past shot records. It turns out your dog only needs rabies shot every three years. When we asked them about it... They said they gave us paperwork and told us it was every 3 years but they didnt. They were just giving him the shot and collecting money.. No questions asked. How unprofessional! I will never take my 5 year old chihuahua back again.
1	We have two dogs and joined the Banfield plan, with the full intention of getting fantastic service while saving money. (Banfield offers a plan where you pay monthly per pet and get free office visits with basic vaccinations included, and discounts on services/medications outside of your plan. We pay $25 per dog monthly). We have been incredibly disappointed, and here's why:- Our office visits are never free, the doctors always find a way to charge you for something. One time one of their vets tried to talk us into a $150 test to see if she licked a poisonous toad.. seriously?!? - I never feel like we are taking the dogs ta good, honest vet - Banfield feels more like a corporation that needs to hit a certain number every month - hence why they are always billing you for things you don't need and overcharging you.- With our plan, we're supposed to save money. However, I've researched local vets and their services are nearly half the price than my "discounted ones"- Every time a Banfield vet prescribes our dogs medicine, our "discounted savings" are nearly TWICE what the medicine is priced at online.- They are VERY sneaky with their plan. They do not tell you when they are renewing your annual contract. Once it's renewed, you cannot get out of it for a full year (we have tried SO many times). Of course this was never discussed when we initially signed up for it. Only in the fine print of our numerous page contract.- I'm disappointed with the quality of healthcare the dogs have received. Nobody seems to know the answer to health problems when I take them in there. I'm still waiting to hear back from a fungal culture they took 11 days ago, our poor dog is still covered in a rash. Overall, I'm convinced Banfield and their animal plans are a scam. Support local businesses, save money and take your pets to a local pet hospital. Our contract is up next June thank goodness - that cannot come soon enough!!I posted this same review for the Desert Ridge location because we have taken our dogs to both (in hopes that one was better than the other) - unfortunately, we had the same experience.
1	Banfield is way overpriced and after finding a much better vet (honest, more knowledgeable, not focused on money) I realized how crappy this place really is. Would NOT recommend. I have yet to know someone that has had a positive experience with any Banfield, but this is the location I have personally used.
1	Just waiting for my contract to end. In an emergency you CAN NOT get your pet seen. My puppy was dying from Parvo and they would not fit him in.They told me to go to a pet ER...why am I paying for this  insurance?? I found a vet that is not sales driven...and cheaper than my price with "insurance". Horrible....I have steered multiple friends away from this mistake since I have signed up. Never again.
4	We have a couple of dogs in the family that go to this Banfield for veterinary services. Overall, we've had a pretty good experience, but some tradeoffs should be noted.The staff seems very caring and thorough, which of course is key. We haven't visited that often, so perhaps that's the reason, but we do tend to see different people, even different veterinarians, with each visit. That's a negative, of course, if you're looking for an old fashioned relationship with a vet. It could be viewed as a positive, however, in that they seem to have strict procedures and have personnel floating from neighboring offices whenever needed. Banfield is not the cheapest option around, nor the most expensive given the location near P.V. and Scottsdale. They are a bit corporate, pushing medical plans for dogs. We determined that using a plan was a really bad deal for our healthy middle aged dog. Paying piecemeal has been much cheaper given she's a low maintenance pup. For our new canine addition, however, a young puppy with lots of vaccinations and a neutering appointment in his future, the plan was actually a great option for the first year of his life. Truth be known, the real reason we use Banfield is that we are fans of the PetSmart Pet Hotel and day camp across the lobby. They are meticulous in seeing that all vaccinations are up to date before accepting your pet. Telling them to check with Banfield is so easy. And we just love the location at Tatum and Shea.Not a perfect solution for everyone. An independent vet might be a better choice for many. The corporate nature of Banfield is a negative (marketing oriented/cost of plans) and a positive (quality controls/personnel coverage). Don't automatically sign up for a plan. Consider your needs. Remember non-profit groups like Home Fur Good (32nd and Shea) have cheap vaccination clinics (most Sundays) and even inexpensive micro-chipping if you are on a budget.
