1	I must say the this shop was clean, in a nice "new" strip mall right off Eastern and easy to locate.The only employee appeared to be a guy pulling double duty.  He came up front in a timely manner from his workshop in the back of the store...but that is where the praise ends.Remember this as you read on...if you are an artisan or craftsman sometimes it's better to stay at the workbench plying your trade and let an an individual with some sales experience handle the customers, lest you scare them away.After the rude treatment I received at Freij jewelers, research lead me to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEW28q3sjmQ.  Is it any wonder this place is all sizzle and no steak?  Since when is a woman dressed in a skimpy  animal skin the authority on jewelry?  I found she is used in several other videos like this in businesses across Vegas.The guy in the video is the poster boy for the what used car salesmen are know for - the "hard sale".He tries to nail you down on price right away so as to direct you to a diamond that will bring the greatest profit for him...not the best deal for the customer.  I did NOT tell him what I was willing to pay, explaining that it depends on the quality of the diamond but that I was not going to pay more than $3000.So what did he do after I choose a diamond to look at?  He priced it at $2900 which was ridiculously over priced for that particular diamond even for jewelry stores that have high rent to pay at the local malls.  When I balked, he dropped the price to $2000...so much for giving the customer a fair price from the get go.Take note, that method of doing business is is the trademark of a ripoff artist.  At www.diamondhelpers.com (a site that screens jewelry stores by acting like secret shoppers) says this:  "If the first price offered (by the jeweler) is not an excellent price, we hang up and move on."  Great advice.  You should do the same.He also claims that all of his jewelry new.  Liar!  The piece I looked at had PLENTY of scuff marks...a dead ringer that it has been well worn!  He claimed that was due to "polishing" the diamond. Really??  Did the polish the band and mount to cause those scuff marks too?  Puh...lease!After he was caught in a lie, he argued with me about pawn shop diamond prices.  He said they take advantage of people selling their jewelry.  True.  But that is how that business works.  Pawn shops provide instant cash to those that need it instantly.  What would you expect?  Hence, that is how they make their money.  Buy low sell high...duh!?!?  Based on this experience, Friej jewelers is WORSE than a pawn shop.  They sell used jewelry for over twice market value passing it off as new. Hmmm.  Unlike pawn shops and mall jewelers, Freij does NOT have tags (price/description of the diamond) on their jewelry.  This gives them free rein to lie about the diamond quality and gouge the unwary customer.After he found out I was educated about diamonds he refused to show me another piece.  In other words, his motto is 'if he can't screw you over, why waste time making an honest sale?'  Here is my advice to Freij jewelers:  Instead of making YouTube videos focusing on sexy women dancing in your store why not give customers something of value.  Best to hire a greeter with some "counter manner" so you can keep your grumpy craftsman at his bench where he belongs.  Your return on marketing dollars will be better spent.  Word of mouth advertising from happy customers reaches the market quicker and is FREE!My advice to fellow Yelpers:  Stay away from Freij unless you know ALOT more than the four C's of diamonds and are willing to pay for an inferior product.  I received better treatment at several EZ-Pawn stores and witnessed higher quality diamonds at fair prices.
4	My boyfriend purchased a antique watch a few years back, the hands on it fell off a few months ago. I love wearing it and do so all the time, I went into many jewelry and watch repair places and was always turned away. Then I walked into Freij, the owner took a careful look at my watch and assured me that he could find someone to fix it. It took several weeks but he did it. I am now wearing my watch again and it looks better than ever !
4	Can't really vouch for jewelry sales, but I will say that for watch repair and battery placement, the elder Freij (Sam) is your guy.  He was thorough and knowledgeable when it came to selecting the right battery and even gave me a $10 discount for being a first-time customer. Total gentleman from start to end.
1	What a rude guy!I don't care some people show me a grouchy face especially a craft man or some special skill person but I couldn't stand this old man shaking his head during repair my watch like my fault. He asked me some questions like blame/scold me.I wanted to say, "That's your job!! Just do your work without shaking your head!!!"I really really regret. I felt so bad all day.
1	Rarely do I feel compelled to dole out the dreaded 1 stars but damn this is a travesty of a jewelry shop. So I come in to get my watch repaired and get an estimate. Everything is fine and dandy. The man who I believe is the owner provides a quote for me then I take the watch back, being the informed consumer I am to be sure that I'm not being duped, I take it to another unamed shop just down the street, *cough*Gabriel's*cough.These folk take nearly a week to figure out whats wrong.. Well they quote me not only a higher price for the repair than Freij, but I'm really not feeling' their service. So, I keep it moving and I really wanna support this old school mom/pop whose shop looks like it could use the business with only half his display case full. Plus it ain't a cheap watch by any means --  so I'd like to find a great reputable watch repair shop to continue to business with in the future.Fast forward a week. I return to Freij being telling him my whole spiel, that I'd like to go to an independent store, somewhere I can trust and continue to go to in the future but by then the old man is really crotchety and salty that I went to Gabriel's and decides to change his estimate, telling me that within the span of 1 week the price for the part just went up.. Just as gold does. Ugh, seriously? Like a dumbazz I still give him the watch.. But minutes later I'm thinkin' this dude doesn't deserve my business so I go back to get my watch. He proceeds to give me a guilty speech, sayin that he just ordered the part, he was gonna replace the whole movement, yadda yadda, I'm done with this dude at this point. He then casually tosses my watch on my counter and rips my claim ticket in dramatic fashion. At this point I'm a little heated and wanna give this dude a 3 piece meal combo. I'm thinking that this HAS to be some weird, surreal tv prank and I'm looking for hidden cameras..Our conversation quickly deteriorates and I wish him a nice life and exit stage left.Folks, getting your watch repaired shouldn't be this hard. Then I come to here on Yelp to see all the his lovely 1 star reviews for more pure comedy gold.
5	watch replacment was great
1	So im new to the area and i need batteries for 3 watches 2 tags and a citizen. I found a coupon for a "free" regular watch battery at Friej jewelers online. Well we all know most of the time there is a catch and free might actually mean just tax, just labor whatever but still i had three watches and maybe I would get one for battery free. So i get there and the man who i assume is the owner see's the coupon and immediatley gives me the stink eye. I show him the watches a he says " well these need a tag batteries. (whaaat??????????) i ask "Tag makes special batteries???" . NO he says but you dont put "cheap" batteries in such quality watches.Unless you want to ruin them and thenhe said "I dont care what you do their not my watches". Ok so wait.. how much are these special better batteries.. He says $25.00 each but since i have a coupon he'll do it for $20 each {gee thanks} i figuire ok im here fine whatever. he looks at my other watch ..the less impressive citizen and tells me it will have to go to the factory for service to replace the battery as it is a Eco-drive. Ok these are my watches and i should know more about them or at least at a minimum what they are or do ..i admit i may not work to care enough about certain things ..as he is putting the battery in the first tag he stops and says that its not working and there is  water in the case...but not to worry he can fix it for $180.00 if its just the gears ..i ask "if its not just the gears"??? he says" DONT WORRY ILL HELP YOU OUT". later on these words will paint a much different definition of the word HELP. I ask him to just put a battery in the other TAG watch and ill talk to my wife about what she wants to do about the first watch( they are both hers). he insists the first watch isnt working , and he doesnt even want to put the back cap back on..beacause it will rust and ruin it ultimately. He kindly offers to do the work and i can pick it up when i have the money, Now i was raised if you can pay for it then do it but im not going to risk losing the watch in case he comes up with some crazy amount that the work cost..Nope not goanna do it. I ask him to put the watch in a bag (he does) and he puts the battery in the other watch and charges me $20. thats the deal with the FREE coupon. So i leave. Now I also found a coupon for GABRIEL JEWELERS, down the street, $3.99 for a watch battery. I take the other two watches ( the now uncapped tag and the citizen) thinking maybe they will have a better price for ALL the WORK these 2 broken watches need. I hand the lady the Tag and the coupon she takes it and says" one minute" takes it to the tech... comes back takes my other watch and asks "are you sure it broken.".i answer "well no i need a battery from the factory right??"..she then informs me to just leave it in the light and that recharges the battery...huh??? wait i thought it needed to go to the factory. she says " if you keep it in the dark9 in a drawer box etc. it runs down, its a good idea to put it in the light for hours beforeyou use or wear it and presto it works.. in fact it started working while i was standing there.  but wait how can that be? it doesnt work.....at least thats what the man at FREIJ or Mr. Freij had said. she leaves then returns and shows me the TAG watch...holy smokes its working. i ask about the special batteries that for sure this watch needs...the look on her face answered that question.and the water?? it not a big deal it will be okay. so about 20 minutes before i walked through the door of GABRIELs i was thinking it would cost $300.00 to maybe $400.00 dollars to ever see these 2 watches working again and that was with the "HELP" of Mr FRIEJ..lucky for me he was so cool to HELP me out Right???.. but some how, some way both watches worked and it cost me a whooping $4.00. For some business' or some people times have been tough with the economy or whatever.. but you know when the business states its been around since 1940 i really thought i wouldnt have to worry about being Helped which in this case wasnt helping me but trying to get me to spend money on work that was'nt nessessary. and ill say it that way beacause for a business that has been around as long as they have,  im sure or at least i hope..it was'nt always possible for this kind of thing to happen. I will not be going back to this store and felt that i should share what happend. Now i must say he did put the battery in the second watch and it works. I just got lured in to this store with a coupon for a "free" service that ended up costing more than what is usally charged, in fact double. I could have said forget it and not bought anything but i did thats on me. but its a watch battery. i didnt think i would need a second opinion. Thats what happend to me with regard to needing to buy batteries for some watches and thats all i can speak to.
1	So, my wife goes in to get a ring sized, drops it off, and comes to pick up the ring 3 days later.The older man who we believe is the owner, brings out the ring, and right away my wife notices the center stone is now crooked. She points it out, and right away the owner denies it without even looking at the ring. He then looks at it and agrees it is crooked!He agrees to fix it, so we had to come back 3 days later to pick it up.Upon returning to pick it up, it still didn't look 100% right. At this point I had loss faith in his ability, or if he even cared!Fast forward 6 months later, I go to Jewel trendz to have it fixed "again".The owner showed me the poor condition of the prongs, and agreed the center stone wasn't installed properly!Beware of Freij Jewelers!
